 The Kitchen 

I heard voices before I saw the lights illuminate the entire office. In my exhausted state I was sluggish to comprehend what was happening. In reality, I was in a state of complete relaxation and didn't really care. I looked over at Shelly to see if she had gotten up to turn the lights on. Her eyes were closed with a calmness covering her from head to toe, a satisfying smirk on her face. I looked around for my clothes or some other item to cover my nakedness. There was nothing within arm's reach. 

My only option was to act as if lying on the floor completely naked, with Shelly by my side, was perfectly normal and ordinary in Bill's office. 

"Hello", I quipped to the young woman as she walked into view from behind the two leather chairs. "Have you seen my clothes anywhere? I seem to have lost them." 

The young lady was visibly surprised upon hearing my voice and seeing two nude people on the floor. My arms were folded behind my head as I smiled at Bill's house maid. She took a moment to gather her composure and evaluate the situation. 

"I am so sorry Jack. I didn't realize anyone was still in here!" the innocent looking maid said as she stood looking down at my nakedness. "I saw you in here earlier but I thought you had retired to your room. I will come back later." 

I stared back at the young, attractive maid. Her black hair was shoulder length and slightly curled. Her eyes were a striking emerald green that sparkled against her light brown skin tone. She had a glow about her as if she had just walked off the beach from tanning in the tropical sunshine. Her frame was petite, standing maybe 5' tall, yet she walked with an air of confidence. The form-fitting outfit she wore accented her well-endowed body; her breasts were perky and full, her legs were short and sexy, and her derrière was plump. I could see why Bill kept her around the house. 

Just then Shelly awoke to see the maid and I talking. She rolled onto her side and looked at the young lady with a smile. "Hi Jasmine. Were we making too much noise?" 

"Not at all Miss Smith", Jasmine politely replied. "I was just going to tidy things up before Mr. Gray returned from his trip. I will come back at another time." Jasmine looked directly at Shelly while talking to her. Her eyes washed over Shelly's body and took in her nakedness, enjoying the sight of the nude house guest. 

"We are finished in here for now Jasmine", Shelly stated. "Go ahead and give this place a thorough cleaning. Jack here got a little excited and blew his cum all over the place! This might take you some time to clean." 

Shelly roused herself from the floor and motioned me to do the same. Our nakedness seemed to make Jasmine feel left out. Instead of turning away or pretending to look somewhere else, Jasmine gazed freely at Shelly and myself and our naked bodies. She obviously enjoyed the nude form and was not shy about exploring both of our bodies with her eyes. I was more than happy to oblige Jasmine. It was a bit of a turn on to have her watch me walk around the office completely naked. 

Shelly turned toward me and asked if I was hungry. "I am famished", I replied. "Hey Jasmine", Shelly asked, "Is there anything prepared in the kitchen?" 

Jasmine politely responded, "There is fresh fruit and cheese in the refrigerator. I am happy to prepare something more if you would like." 

"That will do just fine." Shelly smiled as she spoke. "We'll see you in a bit Jasmine." Shelly began to walk toward the kitchen. As she passed by me, her hand reached out and tugged on my limp cock. "You coming?" she asked rhetorically. 

I watched Shelly's plump, tight ass jiggle as she continued toward the door. The tramp stamp tattooed in the small of her back danced as she walked. I eagerly followed her toward the kitchen; my appetite for food and more sexual fun growing by the minute. 

As my eyes watched Shelly's beautiful naked body walk in front of me, I realized how hungry I had become. I glanced out the window as I walked by and noticed it was dark outside. I was curious how much time had passed while Shelly and I were fucking in Bill's office. Whatever the case, I had worked up a mighty appetite. 

As I turned from the hallway into the kitchen I saw Shelly's plump ass sticking out of the refrigerator. She was bent over, grabbing the fruit and cheese and whatever else she could find. I snuck up behind Shelly and gave her a quick little spanking. She jumped slightly at my touch and let out a coy chuckle. 

I sat at the breakfast bar and watched as Shelly expertly balanced the myriad of food items she had taken from the fridge. "I think this should suffice, yes?" Shelly mumbled, her mouth wrapped around a crisp red apple. I agreed and began to devour the fruits and cheeses. Shelly sat across from me at the bar as we made small talk about her life as an adult porn star and my career in law. We were both naked and enjoying the late night snack. 

Needing a drink, I got up and opened the fridge to see what was available. "You want anything to drink?" I asked as I took inventory of my options. "I'll have whatever you grab." replied Shelly. 

I looked in the freezer and found a bottle of Patron tequila. I pulled it out and walked over to the cabinet and grabbed two glasses. As I turned around to head back to my seat at the bar I looked up to see Shelly sitting Indian-style on top of the breakfast bar. She was looking directly at me with a devilish smirk on her face. "I was hoping you would find that!" Shelly said. 

While I was looking for something to drink Shelly, in her naughty nakedness, had prepared herself for a shot of tequila. She had licked her right nipple and covered it with salt. Between her legs, gently placed between her bald pussy lips was a wedge of lime. 

"Are you going to do a shot first or should I?" Shelly asked. "I am game" I quickly replied, a smile growing wide across my face. Shelly scooted to the edge of the bar directly in front of where I was sitting. I opened the tequila and poured a generous amount into a glass. Shelly arched her perky breast toward me as I leaned in to lick the salt off of her erect nipple. I licked her breast, downed the tequila, and instinctively went for the wedge of lime. 

Shelly uncrossed her legs and placed them on my shoulders. My face was once again in Shelly's pussy, though this time sucking on a lime. I sucked the lime dry and spit the wedge onto the counter. 

Shelly leaned onto her back as my hands grabbed her tight ass and pulled my face deeper into her crotch. My tongue delved deep into Shelly's hot, wet pussy. I tongue-fucked her pussy as I nibbled on her clit and pussy lips. Shelly's wetness covered my mouth and chin as I eagerly ate her. 

I grabbed a few grapes and cherries and stuck them into Shelly's pussy. I quickly followed with my mouth and ate them as they popped out. Shelly giggled in delight as I continued to eat fruit from her bald pussy. I stood up from the bar stool to adjust my aching cock. Shelly glanced at my hardness as a naughty smile grew on her face. 

Noticing her look of interest, I began to tease Shelly. I took my right hand and rubbed Shelly's wet pussy. I then began to rub my cock with my wet right hand. I could see Shelly watching my hand as I lubricated my shaft with her juices. I wetted my hand again and continued to jerk off while eating Shelly's pussy. 

I looked at Shelly. She was biting her bottom lip as her eyes locked onto my man meat. Her hands were groping her firm breasts, her fingers pulling on her hard nipples. I pulled my face off of Shelly's pussy and licked my lips. My face was soaking wet with her juices. I took my left hand and rubbed Shelly's wet bald pussy getting my fingers nice and wet. I climbed on top of the breakfast bar and took both hands and covered my cock with her pussy juices. I stood over Shelly and stroked my rock hard cock with both hands. 

Shelly was still on her back looking up at me as I stood over her on the breakfast bar jerking off. Her eyes were watching me as I masturbated. I was enjoying performing for Shelly and how excited she had become when I noticed we were no longer alone in the kitchen. 

Shelly and I were so focused in the moment that we both failed to notice Jasmine, Bill's housemaid, peeking in on us from the hallway. I glanced in Jasmine's direction while continuing to grip my cock with both hands, stroking myself to satisfaction. Our eyes met in what seemed to be a long, awkward moment. 

Jasmine was standing in the entryway to the kitchen just five feet from where Shelly and I were playing, frozen solid. Shelly noticed my surprise and turned to see Jasmine. Shelly and I looked at Jasmine and she back at us for what seemed like forever. The only sound to be heard was that of my hands feverishly stroking my man meat as I continued to masturbate over Shelly. 

The slapping of flesh and my uninhibited moans of pleasure created a sexual tone that filled the kitchen. Jasmine's eager eyes darted between my own eyes and my rock hard cock as if she wasn't sure where she should focus her attention. Her mouth was slightly open as if wanting to say something but she was too surprised, or excited, to make a noise. 

I looked at Shelly and gave her a wink. Not missing a stroke, I turned to face Jasmine and continued jerking off as I aimed my engorged cock directly at her. Shelly sat up and positioned herself underneath me, between my legs, facing Jasmine and reached up with her hands to jerk me off. I relinquished control to Shelly as she expertly took control of my manliness. I put both hands on my hips and aimed my man meat at Jasmine. 

Jasmine was still frozen in the kitchen entryway, her eyes now locked onto the masturbating escapade before her. Jasmine stared as Shelly jerked me off in front of her. 

"I am going to explode" I moaned as Shelly continued to stroke my shaft and tease my balls. Within an instant, my body heaved in a huge orgasm. Squirt after squirt of cum exploded out of my cock. Shelly continued to stroke and aim my cock directly at Jasmine as my cum shot out and covered her. I spewed my cum in arching delight as it landed on Jasmine's face and chest. 

Shelly gave my cock one last tug and licked the remaining cum off of my cockhead. "Nice shootin' there pardner!" Shelly chuckled as I sat next to her on the bar. 

"I think I am out of ammo for a while" I retorted as I tried to catch my breath. 

Jasmine, still speechless, stood before us. She had cum on her face and chest and her emerald green eyes seemed to flicker with lust and adventure. Jasmine's tongue seductively began to lick her lips, tasting the fresh cum that covered her. 

Jasmine quietly turned and made her way to the kitchen sink. Without saying a word, she filled the sink with warm water, opened a drawer and pulled out a towel. Jasmine stepped back slightly to unzip her form fitting outfit. Once undone, the garment dropped to the floor as Jasmine stood there completely nude. Her perfectly tanned body was highlighted by her perky breasts and plump backside. 

Jasmine moistened the towel and began to wash her face and chest. The scent of coconut soap lingered in the air as she washed off the remaining cum from her face and upper torso, the warm water glistening on her skin as it ran down the length of her body pooling on the tile floor. 

Jasmine turned and looked at me. She motioned for me to join her at the sink. I edged my naked body off of the breakfast bar and walked over next to her. Jasmine moistened the towel and gently began to wash my face and neck. I closed my eyes as the warm water and coconut scented soap reminded me of a spring break retreat in the Bahamas. 

Jasmine continued to wash my body moving down my torso and hips. She knelt down in front of me and focused her attention on my limp penis. Her touch was careful yet precise as she cleansed my manhood. 

I continued to stand in silence and watch as Jasmine focused her attention on washing me. Her attention to detail was amazing. It seemed as if Jasmine had washed another person a time or two. She cleansed every inch of me. Her delicate hands reached every orifice leaving nothing untouched. The towel gently fell to the floor as Jasmine's hands continued to touch me. 

My limp cock flowed between her small fingers of one hand while Jasmine's other hand had reached around my body squeezing my ass. Jasmine handled and massaged my penis like a seasoned professional. Her touch was warm and erotic and I enjoyed feeling her hands on me. I was somewhat surprised that my cock hadn't "risen to the occasion" with all of the attention from Jasmine. 

"Your touch feels amazing!" I whispered, not knowing if Jasmine would hear me. "I hope you don't think I am not turned on due to my limp cock. It's just..." 

Jasmine interrupted me, "I enjoy touching your penis. Please don't think I am trying to tease you. It's just that I love seeing a man's penis up close like this. I am glad you aren't hard right now. Am I making you feel awkward?" 

I let out a deep breath and leaned back against the sink. "Not at all" I said. "Please look as long as you'd like." 

Jasmine continued to massage my shaft and touch my balls. I widened my stance to give Jasmine full access to my crotch. One of Jasmine's fingers was gently rubbing my anus. I felt completely at ease as my body was totally relaxed and I enjoyed Jasmine's touch. 

Jasmine looked up at me as she put her nose between my shaft and ball sack and breathed in. She seemed to enjoy the scent of a man's penis. She rubbed my penis on her face and forehead as she looked at me. 

Jasmine and I looked at each other not saying a word. I enjoyed seeing my flaccid penis on Jasmine's innocent face. Jasmine continued to enjoy my cock and balls as she gripped my shaft with her hand and firmly pulled it away from my body. My limp cock stretched twice its size as it slid through her hand, eventually falling back against my leg. 

Jasmine once again placed my limp cock on her face. This time, instead of pulling my penis with her hand, she opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around my cockhead. Jasmine slowly opened her mouth and pushed her face into my crotch, taking my limp penis completely into her warm mouth. It felt strange having my cock in Jasmine's mouth while I wasn't hard. 

I moaned with delight as the moist heat of Jasmine's mouth engulfed my cock. Her massaging and tugging had excited me to the point where my cock began to regain its erectness. I looked down at Jasmine to see her reaction toward my stiffening cock. Her eyes were opened wide as she felt my manhood growing inside her mouth. Jasmine pulled her lips off my cock and stood up in front of me. Her small hand stroked my growing cock as she looked at me. 

"I seem to have hit a nerve with you Jack!" Jasmine said with a smile. "Would you mind if we continued this later? I still need to clean up this kitchen before Bill gets home." 

I was visibly excited by Jasmine but I agreed with her as I kissed her gently on the lips. "No worries" I said. "Thanks for washing me up." 

"There are some clean clothes in the master bedroom, if you would like," Jasmine said as she turned to pick up the towel off the floor. "You appear to be about the same size as Bill. I can assist you when I am finished cleaning up the kitchen." I spanked Jasmine's firm ass and headed toward the other end of the house where the master bedroom was located.