 As I was lying in bed the morning after my romp with Liz and Alex, my mind was racing. Since Amy had left for her vacation, I had slept with two of her friends and neighbors, along with one friends' daughter and her best friend, her other neighbor had spied on me with both of the friends, and I still had more than two weeks to go until Amy came home!

"Well," I thought to myself, "she DID tell me to have fun." I also started wondering what had been revealed when Adrienne and Kate had gone out the night before, and how much trouble I might be in.

The next week was pretty quiet. I mostly relaxed around the house, doing little things here and there, and basically just relaxed and enjoyed myself. I talked to Amy on the phone a couple of times, and I did get together with both Kate and Adrienne a couple of time each. To my surprise, nothing was ever said about them knowing about me being with the other one.

Mary Beth and her husband continued their arguing, often getting loud late into the night. Kate had told me that her sister was getting fed up with her husband, and was close to throwing him out and filing for divorce. In my opinion, that couldn't happen soon enough.

Finally, the day came to pick up Amy from the airport. I was standing just outside of Customs when I saw her. She looked even better than I remembered, in a sleeveless blouse and a long black, frilly skirt. Her two kids were behind her, dragging themselves along.

When she saw me, Amy ran up to me and hugged me tight. Wrapping my arms around her, I held her tight and lifted her off of the ground.

"You'd better have a lot of energy stored up for me tonight," she whispered in my ear.

"I think I can manage that," I whispered back, as I set her down.

As soon as we got home, I helped Amy's kids take their bags to their rooms, and then took Amy's to hers. While they were all unpacking, I started working on grilling up some hamburgers, and everyone relaxed after the long flight home.

Amy soon walked out onto the deck, after showering and changing into a halter style sundress, showing off her lean legs. "Damn, I missed that view," I told her.

"Good," she replied, smiling at me.

Soon after dinner, both kids decided to go to bed, still wiped out after the long flight. Amy and I retreated to the Tiki hut, enjoying the rest of the evening.

"I like all the work that you did while I was gone," she told me, looking around the yard.

"Well, I had to stay busy somehow," I replied.

"From what I hear, you kept very busy," she said, smiling at me.

"From what you hear?" I asked.

"You heard me," she replied.

"Don't try playing innocent with me," she continued. "I know all about you and Kate, and Adrienne."

I didn't know what to say, so I took the wise course and said nothing. At least she didn't mention Liz and Alex.

"It's ok," she finally said. "After all, I DID tell you to enjoy yourself, and I DID tell the girls to make sure that they took good care of you. From the sounds of it, you all did as I told you to. I can't be mad about that. In fact, I'm quite happy about it."

"You WANTED us to get together?" I asked.

"Yes, I did," she chuckled. "I knew I was going to be gone a long time, and I'd rather have you fucking them than someone else. I also knew that they needed to get laid, and that you would take good care of them. From what they both told me, you took VERY good care of them."

"Well, I tried my best, " I replied, a bit more relaxed.

"And that's exactly why I wanted you to take care of them," she told me. "Your best IS the best."

"Speaking of your best," Amy said softly, reaching for my leg and sliding her hand up my thigh, "I've missed this big fellow."

"Well, I know he's missed you, too," I moaned as she started to squeeze my growing cock.

"Mmm," she moaned. "He missed me? Even with all of his new playmates?"

"Oh, yeah," I gasped, as she knelt in front of me and started to unzipper my shorts. "Some times, old friends are the best friends."

"I'm glad you think so," she said softly, pulling my shorts and boxers down.

Amy moaned loudly as my now hard cock sprung free, and she gently wrapped her hand around my thick shaft.

I groaned and sat back as she slowly stroked my pole, flicking her tongue along the rim of my cock head.

She looked me in the eye as she lowered her mouth over my cock, and slowly sliding her soft lips down the entire shaft.

Applying a slight bit of suction, Amy began to bob her head up and down as she held firmly to the bottom of my rod. 

"Oh yeah!" I moaned. "I missed this!"

"What about Adrienne and Kate?" she asked, letting my shiny cock from her mouth. "Were they good cock suckers?"

"They're good," I moaned as she plunged her face back down over my cock. "But they're not as good as you are."

"Smart answer," she mumbled, not letting my cock from her mouth this time.

Amy continued to suck and lick my hard cock as I sat back and reveled in the sensations, until she slid her tongue along the bottom of my shaft as she pulled her head back.

"I need to feel this deep inside me," she growled, as she stood up and straddled my legs. Holding up her skirt with one hand, she took hold of my cock again, wet with her saliva, and squatted down until her wet pussy was touching the tip of my pole.

She slid my shaft up and down her wet slit, and placed the tip at the warm opening to her hole. Sighing loudly, she lowered herself until I was buried deep inside her.

"Oh my god!" she moaned as she leaned into me. "I needed this so much!"

"Oh yeah!" I moaned into her neck. "I've missed this!"

I slid my hips forward and pulled her long legs up, giving her room to wrap them around my waist. Then, I reached up around her neck and untied the halter top, allowing me access to her soft bouncing tits. 

"Oh, baby! This feels SO good!" she groaned as she started moving her hips, sliding back and forth on my shaft.

"Mmm," I moaned, squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples. "Fuck me, baby. Ride my cock."

"Oh, yesss! I love the way your thick cock fills me up!" she gasped, as she picked up speed.

I reached out and grabbed onto her hips, pulling her forward and stuffing my meat into her hot pussy. As I held her tight to my body, I started to buck up into her in short, quick thrusts, trying to match her hip movement.

"Oh yeah!" she moaned into my ear. "Fuck me! Fuck my wet pussy!"

I held her tight to my chest as I felt her body start to shake. She gasped when she felt my cock bottom out in her pussy, and let out a long, low moan.

As I held her, I heard the slight rustling in the leaves, and I knew immediately that Mary Beth was watching again.

I decided if she wanted a show, I'd give her a show, and I had Amy get up. As she stood, her dress fell down around her ankles, and she stepped out of it.

Holding her by the hips, I turned her around and pulled her back down. As I discretely looked over her shoulder at where I heard the noise, I could faintly make out Mary Beth's shape behind a small tree.

Amy moaned again at the feel my cock sliding back up into her wet hole.

"Oh yeah! That feels so good!" she gasped, rocking her hips back and forth.

"Do you like that?' I asked, loud enough for Mary Beth to hear.

"Yes!" Amy exclaimed. "Oh, god, you make me feel so good!"

I reached around her body and started to squeeze her tits, pinching her nipples, as she continued to ride me. Soon, I felt her fingers sliding across my balls as she began to play with her clit.

"Oh, baby! I'm gonna cum!" she moaned.

Pulling her back to me, I whispered in her ear. "Tell me when you cum, baby. I want to hear you. Let the neighbors know, too."

Amy moaned loudly as I released her, and started to bounce her hips up and down on my cock. I knew that Mary Beth would have a great view of Amy's tits bouncing on her chest, along with my hard cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy.

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed. "Yes! Oh, yeah! Baby! I'm cumming!"

Her legs gave out as her body started to shake again, and I felt a surge of her juices flowing down over my balls.

"Oh, baby! That feels so good!" she moaned, as I held her down on my cock.

"Oh yeah! Your hot pussy feels so good!" I moaned loudly. "You're gonna make me cum soon!"

"Ohhh!" Amy moaned, placing her hands on my legs and moving her hips back and forth. "Cum for me baby!"

"Oh yeah!" I groaned. "That's good! I'm gonna cum, baby!"

Amy jumped up and turned around, grabbing tightly to the base of my cock. She plunged her mouth down over my wet cock and started sucking on it as she got on her knees between my legs.

"Cum for me, baby!" she moaned, letting my shiny shaft from her mouth. "I wanna taste your hot cum!"

As she started sucking on the head again, she began stroking the length of the shaft. She started with long, slow strokes, and quickly picked up speed, all while her lips and tongue worked on my head and the sensitive ring underneath it.

"Oh yeah! That's it! Play with your clit while you suck my cock!" I told her.

She plunged her head down, swallowing my cock and moaning, while she slid her free hand between her legs.

I felt my balls start to contract, and I reached down and held her head as I started bucking my hips against her face.

"Oh yeah baby! I'm gonna cum!" I exclaimed loudly as I held her head tight.

"Oh yeah!" I grunted, as I felt my cock start to blast it's load past her lips. "Oh shit! Yess!"

Amy moaned around my shaft as it continued to spurt down her throat. I felt her shudder as she must have brought herself off with her fingers while sucking me.

Finally, after milking my cock dry, Amy let the softening shaft fall from her mouth and climbed up onto the seat with me.

"Oh my god, baby!" she moaned into my ear. "That was amazing! I needed that so much! I was missing your cock so bad!"

"Mmm. My cock missed you, too, baby," I told her. 

After a couple of minutes, we walked back into the house, holding our clothes, and went to bed.

As we lay in bed, my arm around her shoulder and Amy's head on my chest, we talked a little more.

"I still can't believe that you wanted me to fuck your two friends," I told her.

"I didn't want you to be too lonely while I was gone, baby," she replied. "And like I said, they needed some good fucking, and I'd rather you fuck them than some stranger."

"I kind of understand that," I replied, "but it's just a little different, I guess. I've never been with a woman who wanted me to sleep with two of her friends while she was gone. Believe me, I'm not complaining!"

"Actually," she said, lifting her head from my chest, "I was kind of hoping that you'd get to all three of them."

"All three?" I asked.

"Yes," she answered. "Out of all three girls, Mary Beth probably needs it the most. From what she's told us, Joe treats her like crap, and he's so selfish and bad in bed, she doesn't want to have sex."

"The fact that he treats her like crap isn't exactly news," I said, "and his being selfish in bed isn't a shocker either, but the fact is that she's still married."

"I know," she replied. "I was hoping that she'd come to her senses and thrown him out by now."

"Well, unless, and until, she does, it's all just fodder for fantasy," I told her. "I'm not sleeping with a married woman, no matter how much of an ass her husband is."

"I understand," Amy sighed. Soon after, we both drifted off to sleep, with me thinking about Mary Beth, and her voyeurism.

True to Amy's wishes, Mary Beth threw her husband out and had him arrested three days later, after he came home drunk and hit her. I couldn't tell who was happier, Amy or Kate. Mary Beth was just relieved. ------------------------------ Over the next couple of weeks, life returned to normal. I had moved all of my things into Amy's house, and, at her encouragement, continued the relationships that I had with Adrienne and Kate, seeing both of them occasionally when I went to their houses to "do some work around the house."

About a month later, everyone in the cul-de-sac began to prepare for their annual mid-summer party, and added Joe's departure to the reasons to celebrate. Mary Beth had filed for divorce, using my attorney, who I knew would tear Joe to shreds in court.

The day of the party, everyone was in good spirits. Food was flying off of the grills, drinks were flowing, and everyone was dancing, literally, in the streets. All four women looked great, with Mary Beth looking especially fine after the Amy and Kate took her shopping for a new wardrobe, getting her to buy clothes that her soon-to-be-ex would never approve of.

For the party, all four women were wearing flowery summer dresses, and Mary Beth wore a pair of wedge sandals, towering over all of the other women, especially considering that she was taller than all of them top begin with. 

As it got late, the party started winding sown, and the women and I retreated to our yard. I found myself seated in between Amy and Mary Beth as we talked and continued drinking. Mary Beth started filling us in on the goings-on of her divorce proceedings, and thanking me for referring her to my lawyer.

"I can't thank you enough for everything that you've done for me," she told us. "I couldn't have gone this far without all of you."

"Don't worry about it," I told her, putting my arm around her shoulder as she started weeping. "That's what friends are for. We take care of each other."

She started crying a little more, and buried her face into my shoulder. "I was so stupid for letting him get away with his crap for so long," she cried.

"You weren't stupid at all," Adrienne countered, sitting herself on Mary Beth's other side. 

It took a minute or so to calm her back down, and then Mary Beth looked at the other women.

"Can I talk to him, alone?" she asked them.

Amy smiled her naughty little smile as she replied, "Of course. We'll go inside and leave you two alone for a while."

As soon as we heard the patio door close, Mary Beth asked me, "Am I attractive?"

"Of course you're attractive," I told her. "You're a beautiful woman. Why would you ask something like that?"

"I found out that Joe was going to strip bars, and I thought that I'd strip for him, for his birthday," she told me. "I thought that would be a good way to get his attention."

"Well, that would certainly work for me!" I said.

"So, I got all dressed up in a sexy dress, with sexy lingerie underneath it," she continued, "when I sat him down and turned on the music, he said 'What the hell do you think you're doing?', and I told him what I was going to do. He said 'Why the hell would I wanna see your fat ass dancing for me?'"

I sat there shocked for a second, and then I said, "Well, I've always said that he was an ass. That kind of thing just proves it."

"So you don't think that I'm fat?" she asked.

"Not in the least," I told her. "You're a real woman, not some scrawny, silicone-enhanced kid. If he can't appreciate that, that's HIS problem."

Mary Beth smiled at me and took a big gulp of her cocktail. "So what would you do if I was your woman, and wanted to strip for you?" she asked, slightly slurring her words.

"Whether you were my woman or not, I'd sit back and enjoy the hell out of it," I told her smiling back at her.

"So, you'd really like to see my middle-aged body dance and strip for you?" she asked softly, rising to her feet and standing in front of me, wobbling slightly.

"I'd not only like it, I'd love it," I replied.

"Really?" she asked, as her body started swaying back and forth. "You'd want to see me naked?"

"Of course?" I answered. "Why wouldn't I?"

"Well, I don't have Amy's body, for starters," she said, as she started to slide her hands up and down her dress.

"Do you hear me complaining?" I asked.

Smiling, I sat back and watched as her hands continued to glide across her body, her fingertips just peeking underneath her skirt and inside her top.

"I've never been naked in front of another man, other than Joe," she said softly. "I don't know if I can strip in front of you."

"If you're nervous, just close your eyes, and pretend that you're all alone in your bedroom," I told her, keeping my voice as soft as hers. "Then just do whatever feels right."

I watched as she closed her eyes and started swaying again, in rhythm to a tune that only she heard. Her hips moved back and forth, the fingertips of one hand slipping underneath the hem of her skirt once more, and she began to slowly unbutton the front of her dress even further. 

Enjoying the show that she was putting on for me, I started to gently squeeze my growing cock, which was quickly becoming confined inside my shorts.

When she had undone the last button on her dress, she shrugged her shoulders and the dress dropped to the ground. Opening her eyes, she stepped out of the dress and kicked it aside. 

Looking at my hand squeezing my bulge, she smiled and asked, "Should I keep going?"

"Absolutely!" I replied, smiling back at her.

This time, she kept her eyes open, still watching me squeeze myself, as she resumed swaying her hips. While she may not have been the greatest dancer, I wasn't going to complain.

I was pleasantly surprised looking over her body as she moved. The women had done a very nice job outfitting her in a new sheer red lace bra and panty set, which set off against her fair complexion very nicely. 

The panties were a thong, cut high on her hips which accentuated her long legs, and the bra was cut low, just covering her nipples and barely containing her full breasts. 

She walked towards me and lifted up one foot, placing it on my thigh and leaning down to put a hand on my shoulders. 

"I'm too drunk to move in these," she giggled. "Will you take them off of me?"

"I'd enjoy the pleasure," I told her, as I unbuckled the strap to first one sandal, and then the other. I slowly and lightly slid my hands up her smooth legs as I removed the footwear, and she shuddered lightly, sighing and smiling down at me. 

When I dropped the second sandal, Mary Beth turned and walked back to a couple of steps, about half the distance that she started from. 

While she walked, my eyes were glued to her ass. While it wasn't the tiny, firm ass of an eighteen year-old, but rather the full, curvy ass of a woman in her late thirties, it was a very delectable sight, especially with the back strap of her thong splitting her ass cheeks. 

My only thought while I watched her was that Joe was an even bigger ass than I had ever given him credit for.

I put my hand back on my bulge as I watched Mary Beth start moving again, and her eyes went right back to watching me squeeze myself. I saw the tip of her tongue peek out through her lips as we watched each other, and she started sliding her hands across the thin lace covering her breasts.

I could see the dark outline of her nipples through the lace pattern as she traced her fingertips around it. After a couple of minutes, she brought both hands to the center of her bra, and slowly unhooked it.

The cups hung loosely over her breasts as she slowly began to slide the shoulder straps down her arms. When the straps were hanging around her elbows, she smiled at me and turned around, shaking her ass and letting her bra drop to the ground.

When she turned around, she had her hands covering her full breasts. "Do you want to see my titties?" she asked, moaning as she softly squeezed them.

"I'd love to see your beautiful titties," I told her softly.

"Well, I want to see something too," she replied, squeezing herself harder.

"What would you like to see?" I teased.

"That," she answered, nodding towards my pants.

"What, 'that'? I teased more. 

"Do you want to see THIS?" I asked, lifting my arm and putting my hand out.
