 College is expensive. I know that's not earth shattering news, but everyone has a different experience. My ex- husband ran off with one of his dental assistants when our daughter was ten, but I'd still managed to do ok. She visited him for summer vacations once he moved to Houston, so, luckily, except when I drove her to visit, and he brought her home, I never had to see the bastard again. 

My parents obviously had misgivings about him from the start, because, when they retired to Florida they only left me a life estate in their house. It would eventually go to my daughter Andrea, or Andy as we call her. I was a little hurt, but once I was caught up in a messy divorce, the silver lining was he couldn't touch the house I grew up in. 

Things were going pretty well financially. I had a good job with a credit analysis firm. Then my company was swallowed up in a merger. Adios to job security, hello financial panic. 

Even though I didn't have a mortgage, I still had taxes, insurance, repairs and all the other fun home ownership entails. Here, in summer, the air conditioning bills are ridiculous. I knew it would be hard finding a quality job in this economy. Just when things were looking pretty bleak, Andy presented me with a plan. 

She's a pretty good kid. I'm sure there are things I don't know, but she and her friends do pretty well. They make good grades, play soccer and have done all of their community service for college admission. Andy and a couple of the other girls were also cheerleaders. About eight of them had been close since Middle, or grade school. 

Apartments, or even dorm life can be expensive, still most kids want the freedom of being out from under their parent's thumbs when they go to college. Andy thought some of her friends might pay rent to live here, if I wasn't too demanding. We have a nice pool, a couple of acres and we're not too far from the main campus. We have four bedrooms, and an office that could easily be converted. If I could make enough to pay my household expenses for a little while I could be a little choosier about my next job. 

What did I have to lose? Three of her friends were interested right away. Tia was a pretty, athletic brunette, Sienna was a taller, skinnier version of Tia and Sherry had been a friend of Andy's since grade school. With her dark auburn hair and green eyes, she'd been a Miss Texas Teen finalist.

So far so good. In a week two more girls had signed on. Lee looked like the Texas version of a California surfer girl, all blonde hair and long slim legs. Jade was Andy's cheer captain. She was tall and black, with an amazing body and flashing amber eyes. She had known Andy longer than any of the other girls had. Then there was Gemma who was an international mix of about every type you could think of, but on her it worked. If I said she looked like a Brazilian model, you'd get the picture. 

I'm pretty easy going, so the rules were simple. Clean up what you mess up and buy some food if you want me to cook. Clean sheets would be provided once a week and clean towels whenever needed. Several of the girls sheepishly approached me about doing laundry for a little extra. As I'd just bought a state of the art washer and dryer before I lost my job and didn't want anyone else using them, I agreed. 

Andy and I had been on our own for a long time, so it seemed strange to have so much noise and activity in the house. In a strange way it kind of made me feel younger. Since I'd known theses girls for years, I was less shy than I would have been if I was living with strangers. I secretly hoped they didn't consider me old. At 39 I still feel like I'm pretty hot and pretty cool, but who knows what teenage girls think.

What with classes and part time jobs, there were a lot of comings and goings at any given time, but the girls were young and cute and I kind of enjoyed living in what felt like a perpetual slumber party. 

Since there were seven girls and only three spare bedrooms, I bought another bed and fixed up the office. Strangely, no one but Sherry the local beauty queen seemed particularly interested in having a room to themselves, so that worked out nicely. 

Jade would stay with Andy in her room, Lee and Sienna in the next one, and Gemma and Tia were in the third on one side of the house. My room was on the other side of the family room, which was fine because the girls could get noisy.

By the fourth day, laundry was starting to accumulate. That morning once everyone was gone and things were quiet, I went to collect the laundry baskets. Andy and Jade were sharing a basket. When I bent down to pick it up, I noticed an intoxicating, but familiar smell. I looked around instinctively to see no one was watching and rummaged through the basket. There was a red satin thong, unmistakably stiff with cum. I don't know what came over me but I just had to sniff it. I felt weird and a little guilty, but I couldn't stop myself. The two inches of fabric where her pussy went smelled so good I could hardly stand it. Jade had clearly been enjoying herself. 

I finally recovered a portion of my senses and took the basket toward the laundry room, but the whole time I was putting the intoxicating fabric up to my nose to inhale my little treasure. This was giving me more guilty pleasure than I could ever have imagined. 

When I passed my bedroom a rather twisted notion came over me. I took the panties and went into my room and closed the door. I began sniffing them, but that's not all I wanted to do. I slipped my jeans and top off and began rubbing the panties on my pussy. I began getting wet almost instantly, especially when I caught sight of myself in the mirror rubbing them up and down and pinching my clit with them. I looked hot, though I did have a kind of crazed look on my face. By now I knew this wasn't going to be enough. 

I lay down on the bed and spread my legs, inhaling the mingled smell of our two scents while I finger fucked myself and rubbed and spanked my little pussy. It couldn't have been more than a minute once I began rubbing my clit with Jade's panties, now soaked with juices of my own. I came all over myself. Before I realized what I was doing, I took the panties and wiped my sticky juices with them, mingling our two unique fragrances. After a few moments of lying back and savoring the most exquisite cum I'd had in a long time, I realized I had three more baskets of goodies. Suddenly I couldn't wait to do some more laundry. I was probably going to want to enjoy this pair again before lunch so I put them on the top shelf of the closet.

I couldn't wait to get to the next room. I never thought I'd be looking forward to doing the laundry so much. I was working left to right. Lee and Sienna's room was next. With a guilty backward glance, I rummaged through the basket for what I was looking for. It was strange there were only four pairs in the basket, even though two girls had been in the room for three full days and this was the fourth. There was no cum on any of these and I had no way of knowing who had worn which pairs. I took all four pairs and subjected them to a smell test. I must have a pretty good sense of smell for the fourth pair smelled completely different than the other three. 

I got the sense that one girl, which one I didn't know, wore three different pairs and the other pair were worn the whole time by the other one. The three that smelled alike gave off hot womanly smells, but the third, a black thong decorated with little pink hearts was much stronger. It was musky in a way the others were not. I thought I might want to save them for later too.

The phone was ringing so I grabbed the basket as I stuffed my secret treasures into my bra and took off to grab my phone. I could smell a hint of their fragrance as I answered. I listened to an old business contact I hoped had a job lead for me while I massaged my nipples with my new trophies. My nipples were getting so stiff and my pussy was beginning to tingle so it was hard to concentrate. Finally when he hung up I nervously stopped by my room and put the best, muskiest pair on the shelf with the other pair.

After I put the next load of laundry on, I came to Gemma and Tia's room. There were seven pairs between them. I once again indulged in my new hobby and tried to imagine which girl wore which. While both girls were pretty, I had to admit Gemma's exotic good looks made me feel kind of hot. I liked to imagine that the pairs I liked best were hers.

I'd done three rooms and I had one to go. This was getting exhausting. I have to admit when I cum I have a tendency to get sleepy, especially if I don't get up and get busy right away. I went into Sherry's room, my former office. It had turned into a nice bedroom once we added a few girly touches. She was the neat and tidy one. Her folks were pretty well off, so she had one laptop for school and one for home which sat open on her neatly organized desk. The basket was in the closet. I rummaged through it and came up with my prizes. Sherry wore expensive panties, but I didn't care about that. I listened and glanced back at the door. I must have looked pretty silly because I put all four pairs around my neck and took turns sniffing each one. 

Once I'd tended to my tasks it was time to do something for me. I went into my room and locked the door. I took the first heavenly pair provided by Jade, the second mystery pair with the strong scent and a third emerald green thong from Sherry's room. The strong mystery pair surprised me for after lying on the shelf for about an hour, they smelled perfect. They were still robust, but the scent was softer now.

I stripped and put on a little black nightie I didn't get to wear much and admired myself in the mirror. I'm not tall, about 5'5, but well proportioned. I have a nice ass and good legs. Even though my breasts aren't big, they're shaped well and don't sag at all. They have pointy little nipples that sometimes show through my clothes at the most unexpected times. I have dark brown hair, fair skin and blue eyes. It's not that I haven't had any chances, but what with working so much and Andy and all, I just hadn't had much time for dating. Besides, you know how it is; most of the decent guys I meet are gay or married.

After I had sniffed nearly my fill, giggling at the sight I made in the mirror, I rubbed each pair seductively back and forth, pressing them tight against my pussy and rubbing my clit hard with my borrowed booty. I went to the bed and lay the panties down and opened my drawer. Like a lot of ladies who are single, and some who aren't, I have a few mechanical friends. I selected one that's kind of small, but has a long handle for, how shall I say, maneuverability and deep penetration. 

I lay back and savored the enthralling scents of each pair as I used my little friend. I alternated between putting it deep inside me and rubbing my clit with it hard and a little rough. Like I said, it's small, but it has a powerful motor. I took the panties in the order I had taken them and put them on my pussy as I rubbed them back and forth against my clit with the tip of my toy. Soon that wasn't enough, I was using it to push them inside me and rub them against the walls of my pussy. 

I thought of each girl, so different, yet all young and hot. Between the scents and my sick imagination, it didn't take long until I was quivering with an even better orgasm than I'd had earlier.

With what I'm sure was a blush, I jumped up, changed and rushed reluctantly to put my treasures on the delicate cycle, but I hated to part with my little friends.

The next day I was feeling sort of guilty. What had I been thinking? But by the day after that I was sneaking into the bedrooms for clandestine activity of the same sort. It was as if I couldn't control myself.

I wasn't expecting to see this.

By the second Saturday we had settled into a fairly pleasant routine. Some of the girls even offered to help out around the house a little bit. Like I said, they're nice girls and I'd known most of them for years. The only problem was that the panties seemed to have affected my thinking. I had begun having sexual thoughts about them. It was as if the distinctive scents of each girl drove me to different fantasies. 

With Jade we were always on some forbidden tropical isle and I was usually licking her pussy, until she licked mine. Sienna and I were in a tree house in the rainforest. Lee and I rolled around in the surf and sand. You get the picture, different girls, different settings, but always plenty of sucking and finger fucking their young pussies.

I was kind of shocked at myself. While I was sure I would never make a move, I'd known some of these girls since they were kids. They weren't kids anymore though, so I'd have to watch my step.

That Saturday the house was pretty quiet. Some of the girls had part time jobs. Sherry taught tennis lessons to children at the club. A couple of them worked at the mall and the others were out doing errands. That's what I needed to do, a little personal shopping and a get a few groceries. I figured I would be back in about two hours.

When I came back, I couldn't really tell who was home. The girl's park in a long carport out back where my dad used to park some stock cars he liked to work on in his spare time. It was getting hot, so I figured I better turn on the drip irrigation around the pool landscaping. Things were going so well I'd told the girls they could have a pool party next week and I didn't want the flower beds looking crappy.

I walked around the outside of the pool house. It's not that grandiose, little more than a shower and bathroom with some space for towels and clothes and a big comfy recliner to sit and change on. I was startled to hear what sounded like giggling coming from inside. There's a window on the shower side, but it's covered by a big cherry bush. I was so curious; I couldn't resist peeking in to see what was going on. 

What I saw came as a complete shock! There was Andy lying back in the chair with her legs spread wide and Jade was on top of her sixty-nine style with her pussy in my daughter's mouth! Jade was licking and then play biting Andy's clit as my daughter moaned and hungrily licked Jade's pussy with long and seemingly expert strokes.

Maybe I shouldn't have been so shocked. Could this be why Andy and Jade had wanted to share a room all along? The scene before my eyes was getting the better of me. I was getting wet. I would give anything for Jade to suck my pussy that way. I lifted up my skirt, tore my panties to the side and began massaging my clit and finger fucking what was now, my very wet pussy.

I never knew a recliner could be so much fun, for the girls had increased their speed and force, fucking each other's faces with more passion than I could have imagined. I needed to get out of there and tend to my own self, before I was caught.

I got back to my room out of breath, locked the door and felt behind my jewelry box for my panty collection. I had become quite a connoisseur. By then I could determine all six different girl's individual perfume. I'd done a little snooping in their dresser drawers to find out who wore what. 

I placed all of them around my neck but Jade's. After what I'd seen, I wasn't going to need much help. I imagined Jade on top of me, fucking my face while I licked her pussy, my hands caressing her hard, round ass. I was in ecstasy for several minutes when I heard some of the girls. They startled me into cuming hard when I so wanted to make it last.

What Were You Doing?

There was a lot to do for the party. It wasn't going to be a big deal, hamburgers, chicken and hot dogs on the grill, fixings, sides and drinks. But along with my other chores I was pretty busy. 

I was finishing up the laundry in Sherry's room. As I bent over to put down the basket, a voice made me jump. "I know what you've been doing." I whipped my head around and there was Sherry, standing in the doorway with a slight smirk on her face. "Don't worry, I think it's pretty weird, but who am I to judge?" "I don't know what you're talking about Sherry, but you can tell me what you think is wrong," I said this as my heart began pounding. I could feel my damn changeable complexion turning beet red. "Let's go to your room and we can discuss it," she said, clearly thinking she had the upper hand. I agreed, what else could I do.

She followed behind me, so I didn't see she had her laptop, until she came into the bedroom. She set it on the bed. I had a sinking feeling I knew what was on it. Damn, I should have been more careful, I thought to myself as she motioned for me to come and sit beside her. 

"I guess I should have mentioned I leave the camera on most of the time." She didn't need to tell me, I already knew, and there was probably no use playing coy. While I racked my brain for something to say that wasn't stupid, she continued. "Don't worry, I didn't have it on because I suspected you of anything, but my boyfriend likes to watch me masturbate and I let him sometimes. I forgot to turn it off" She said this with a wicked twinkle in her eye, like she was trying to shock me. 

I wasn't really shocked, she was old enough to do what she wanted, but what did she want with me. "Let's just see what you did," she said with just a hint of humor in her voice. I turned away and shook my head. "I know, but I want you to." She turned it on, went to whatever file she had it in and clicked. 

There I was looking around and taking a big sniff of those damn green panties, with the others hanging around my neck. I'd never felt so humiliated, but Sherry's eyes were glued to the screen and her breathing was increasing. 

She turned and looked at me, "I know what you want. I want it to." I didn't know what to say, so she took the laptop over to the dressing table and came back to the bed. She took my hand and placed it under her sundress. She had no panties on. "I thought I'd give you skin to play with instead of cloth. "I, I," it was useless I didn't know what to say, but I knew what I wanted to do. 

"Pardon my language," she said with a purr in her voice and that same sly smile, "don't say anything, just fuck me." With that she kissed me hard on the lips and began to unbutton my jeans. One of my hands was rubbing her pussy, while the other caressed her ass, but I was still speechless. That was ok; she seemed glib enough for the both of us. 

She pushed me onto the bed and pulled my jeans off by the ankles and then did the same with my panties. I got up the nerve to take my top off, I wasn't wearing a bra. "All you had to do was ask," she said as she roughly spread my thighs apart and took one long deep lick up and down my pussy. Oh my God, it had been so long since anybody had gone down on me that I didn't know how much I could take. She wasn't going to let me get off that easily. 

"Get on your hands and knees." I did as I was told, and looked back between my breasts to see her naked body poised above me. She sat back on her knees and rubbed her clit for a second before beginning on me. Then she did something I'd have never suspected. She slowly spread the cheeks of my ass and licked all inside them. She then became more demanding as she poked her tongue as deep as she could get it. No one had ever done that to me before. Oh it felt good, especially when I reached back and rubbed my pussy while she did it. 

She soon became bored and pushed me over onto my back. She stood above me with her legs spread and caressed her pussy. "Tell me what you want, now," she demanded. I swallowed hard, talk had never come easy to me, but I'd better try. "I want you to get on top of me. I want to suck your pussy." There it was out, but that wasn't going to be enough for her. "Beg to suck my pussy, whenever I say." "Please, let me suck your pussy, I'll do it whenever you want."
