 A few weeks ago I received an invitation in the mail. It was for a house warming party for my friends Kelly and Jim. They had recently purchased a new house in the area and after getting settled decided to have a small party to show off their new home. As soon as I had received the invitation I sent an RSVP letting them know that I would be attending. 

About a week before the party, I received a call from Kelly. She was finalizing her head count for the party and asked if I would be bringing a date or if I would be attending alone. Unfortunately I had not even thought about bringing a date so I told her that I would be attending alone. When I told her that, she made a point to inform me that her younger sister, Tara, would be there. Kelly and I are the same age, and despite a 4 year age difference, she had been trying to set me up with her sister since we met a few years back. 

Even though Kelly and Tara are sisters, you wouldn't really know it looking at the two of them. Kelly is 27, stands about 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs about 110 pounds. She has green eyes, and shoulder length light brown hair. Her sister stands about 5 feet 10 inches tall, weighs about 115 pounds, has blue eyes and blonde hair that hangs half way down her back. The biggest difference in the two is in the size of their breasts. Kelly is close to a 34b, while her sister is easily a 34d. Tara is actually drop dead gorgeous, but for some reason we have never dated or even discussed going out.

The day of the party I received a phone call from Jim in the morning. He asked if I would mind giving him a hand getting a few things setup at the house in the backyard. Late in the morning I headed on over to their house and helped setup horseshoes, as well as a volleyball net. While we were outside getting that setup, Kelly was inside with her mother getting food ready for the party. I found out from Jim that it wasn't a huge party; only about 20-30 people, but for some reason Kelly had enough food to feed an army. I told him I would be happy to do my part in helping eat the food, but if I was going to eat a lot I needed to go get a workout in before coming back for the festivities.

After leaving their house, I went straight to the gym and worked out for a little over an hour. I tried to get in at least 4 workouts per week, especially since I liked to eat. Over the years I had done a fairly good job of staying in shape, mainly by lifting weights and swimming. For my 6 foot 1 inch body, I carried my 190 pounds fairly well, at least in my opinion. After leaving the gym I headed home to take a shower, but decided to shave my head first. It had been a month, so I thought it was about time. Besides, I have found over the years that women like my head shaved so why not head to the party with a bald head. Other than Tara, I didn't know if there would be any other single women there. 

After showering I still had to decide what to wear. I thought since it was a party in August and it was about 90 degrees outside, I would go with light and casual clothes. I pulled out a pair of khaki shorts, a light button down shirt and a pair of sandals.

When I arrived at the party, I was surprisingly one of the last ones to get there. The party was set to start at 6pm, and I had arrived at about 6:30, which is why I was so surprised that just about everyone was already there. When I walked out to the backyard, the first person that I ran into was Kelly. We greeted each other with a hug, and she offered a tour of the house since I hadn't actually seen it yet. Since she appeared to be in a conversation with another of her friends I declined and told her that I would track her down later to take her up on the offer.

After leaving Kelly, I went into the kitchen to check out all the food and grab something to eat. There was a great selection, and Jim was right there was a lot of food for the amount of people that had come. Surprisingly while I was in the kitchen, I really didn't see anyone that I knew. More surprisingly, I hadn't seen either Tara or Jim yet. After gathering my food, I headed out to the picnic table that was setup on the side of the house so I could sit down and eat. While out there I started talking to a couple of friends of mine that I hadn't seen in a while.

After eating and catching up with friends for a while, I took a quick tour around the outside of the house, and then headed back inside to get a drink. At that point I finally saw both Tara and Jim for the first time. They came walking in from the living room area with another couple that I didn't know. Tara was looking fabulous as usual. She was wearing a tight t-shirt and a pair of tight, and short, jeans shorts. The one thing I did notice is that her hair was not made up like it usually is. In all actuality, it was fairly messy which was a surprise to me since she is typically very conscious about her appearance. 

Jim and Tara both stopped to chat a little with me, but the other couple continued past and out the back door. We all exchanged pleasantries and spent a few minutes talking about how the party was going. Tara had suggested playing a little volleyball, and Jim was rather quick to agree with her. I declined since I had just finished eating. I told them both to go ahead without me and that I was going to hunt down Kelly and take her up on the house tour offer.

Jim and Tara went out into the backyard and announced that they were heading to the volleyball net and asked for others to join in getting a game going. Knowing that Kelly wouldn't be very interested in volleyball, I walked out to find her so I could ask about the house tour. Before I could actually find her, Kelly came up behind me and jumped onto my back.

"Who are you looking for? Have you seen my sister," she asked?

"Yes, I replied. I was actually looking for you. I was wondering if I could take you up on that tour offer."

"Of course, Jim seems to be busy anyhow," she replied.

We started the tour downstairs and worked our way upstairs. While we were walking we talked a bit about the house, but also about her sister. It seemed like Kelly was trying to get me interested in Tara again. I explained that Tara sure didn't seem interested earlier when I was talking to her. It was almost like she was pre-occupied or distracted. It was explained that she was just going through a rough time at work, and it would probably do her some good if she had someone to talk to. I told Kelly that I would think about seeing if Tara wanted to get together another time so she could get her mind off things. I didn't make any promises though.

At this point we were upstairs in the guest suite, which was actually bigger than my bedroom. Kelly stood there in front of me and asked "why are you so reluctant to date my sister?" I really wasn't sure how to answer or what to say. Instead of answering, I just shrugged my shoulders which frustrated Kelly. She turned away from me and headed over to the windows to close the blinds since it was getting dark. As she went to the window, I looked at her wondering what she would do if I showed her why I didn't want to date her sister.

I walked up behind Kelly and slowly slid my hand around to the front of her body while not touching her. She was wearing a floral button down shirt, and my hand was searching for the buttons. When I found the buttons I slowly moved my hand up towards her breasts. At this point she knew I was up to something but didn't say anything. I slowly unbuttoned a single button so my hand could slide inside her blouse and onto her bra. Much to my surprise she was wearing a bra with a front clasp. At that moment I wanted to make it clear what I was doing so I immediately unhooked her bra which freed her tits inside her blouse.

As I did that Kelly flinched a little, which let me know that she was startled. She started to turn around but I told her not to just yet. I moved my hand over top of one of her breasts and slowly massaged it until the nipple was hard. At that point I started to kneed and pinch her nipple lightly, as she started to let out small moans as I pinched. She was also starting to move her ass into my crotch and could feel that I was already fully aroused. 

Since she was wearing a rather loose skirt that was hanging down just below her knees, I moved my other hand down to the bottom of her skirt. As I grabbed the bottom of her skirt and slowly moved my hand upwards I heard Kelly whisper "we can't be doing this". I replied back by telling her that "it is alright, we don't have to do anything you don't want to. We can just play a little and have fun". She nodded in agreement and continued to move her ass against my crotch. 

As she continued with her slow rubbing, I was getting more and more excited. While I continued to rub her tits with one hand I let go of her skirt with the other. I used that hand to unbuckle my belt and then undo my shorts. After they were open, I slid them off and then slid my underwear off as well so my dick was free and pressed against her ass. I immediately reached back to her skirt and lifted it up. I then removed my other hand from her chest so I could easily remove her panties. 

While her panties were falling to the floor, I could feel Kelly reach behind her and grab my cock with her hand. She immediately began slowly caressing it and playing with it. "I don't know about doing anything more than this," she told me. I reiterated that we would only do what she wanted to do. 

After a minute or so she released my cock, and I wasn't sure what to think of that. I moved a hand up to her chest again and began massaging her tits through her blouse. I even moved my hand inside so I could feel her tits directly on the skin of my hand. As I did that, she began to lean over and press her ass harder into my cock. While pressing harder she started moving a little quicker. With my other hand I slowly moved her into a position so I could slide my cock down to her pussy. I could tell that she was excited and wet already. Once I got my penis in position I felt Kelly move in such a way that I could slowly enter my cock into her pussy. 

"We have come this far, we might as well go further," she said.

"Are you sure?" I asked her.

"We should have at least closed the door so nobody knows we are in here. Too late for that though, let's go for it," she replied.

With those comments, I slowly started pushing my cock in and taking it out of her pussy. The further I pushed in the better it felt, and I could tell by her moans that she was enjoying it as well. I kept my hands on her hips so I could control what we were doing, and I slowly started to increase the speed of my motion.

As I continued faster and faster I could hear Kelly start moaning louder and louder. I was beginning to worry that we would be heard she was getting so loud. I got so worried that I decided to stop, but Kelly wouldn't have that. 

She immediately spun around and pushed me onto the bed that was in the room. She then climbed on top of me and lowered herself onto my rock hard cock. 

"I want you so bad," Kelly whispered into my ear. 

"I will quiet down, just fill me with your cum," she continued.

I really didn't want her to quite down, since that was turning me on even more, but I didn't say anything. Now that she was on top of me she was in control. I allowed her to move at her own pace, while I allowed my hands to roam around her body. 

As she picked up the pace a little more I could tell I was about to cum. As I was about to shoot my load into her, I reached up to grab her tits and ripped the remaining buttons on her blouse. Her tits were now easily accessible and in full view. As my sperm was unleashed into her pussy I couldn't help but grab her tits with both my hands and squeeze.

The force of my squeezing drove her over the edge as well. She let out a loud moan as she started her orgasm. I could feel her muscles twitching, and she grabbed onto my shoulders. I looked at her face, and she started to bite her lip as to try and keep as quiet as possible so we weren't heard.

As her orgasm subsided, Kelly continued to slowly gyrate her hips on my pelvis, making sure she got all my sperm inside her. She then collapsed down on top of me. We kissed, for the first time ever and let our tongues explore each others mouths for what seemed like an eternity. After about 10-15 minutes we decided that our make out session needed to stop before someone came looking for us. As we got up to get dressed Kelly realized that I had torn her blouse and she would need to get a different one. She came over and stuffed it down the front of my pants and told me to keep it as a souvenir. 

Without picking up her bra and panties she turned towards her bedroom.

"Do you want these," I asked?

"Nah, no need for them," she replied with a wink.

What was that supposed to mean I wondered. Maybe someday I will find out.