 We lay on the floor for a few minute. I couldn't move, I was so surprised and bewildered by what had happened. Kate had her hand on my deflated cock and then raised her head, leaning it on her other hand, her elbow just above my shoulder. She smiled down at me, gave me a quick kiss on the lips then said, "That was pretty intense."

I was in a swirl of emotions and couldn't find words as I looked up at her smiling face. 

Finally, I said, "Kate, I don't know what to say. I didn't want this to happen. I didn't want to make love to you." 

Kate laughed, "We didn't make love. We fucked."

I was stunned by her bluntness. "Well, whatever, I didn't want to take advantage of having a young woman in my cabin. You're young enough to be my daughter."

"You didn't take advantage of me, Jack. I was horny and seduced you."

"I should have stopped you. I knew you were drunk. What I did wasn't right." I said. 

"Bullshit!" Kate said. "I saw how you looked at me. I know you wanted to fuck me."

"I'm old enough to be your father, Kate. I should know better." I said, sitting up and zipping my jeans. 

"There's nothing wrong with what we did," Kate said. "Nothing and I know you liked it. Tell me you didn't like it."

"Okay, I liked it but it can't happen again. It's not right for me to take advantage of a young woman like you."

"Well, if that's the way you want it, Jack, but I don't know what's wrong. If you think you're too old for me then that's your problem. Age is just a number. I loved fucking you. I think you're great looking, but you're being silly.

"Maybe I am. Maybe I'm old fashioned or something. I just can't have sex with someone young enough to be my daughter."

"Then why do you look at my tits and ass the way you do?" Kate asked. "You're being a hypocrite and the way you fucked me shows me you love fucking. You didn't do anything wrong."

I didn't know how to respond. Kate stood up and squirmed into her tight jeans. Her long hair was disheveled making her look wild. I had to admit to myself how beautiful and sexy she looked. There was an awkward silence. 

"Jack, do you believe in destiny?"

"I'm not sure," I said, surprised by her question. "Why?"

"Well, here I am a stranger in this town –a town I just picked by putting my finger on a map. I find your number at the co-op because I need a place to live and here I am in your cabin. You're alone. You probably haven't gotten laid in a long time. Why don't you consider me a gift? Maybe fate sent me here to be your fuck angel?"

"That's pretty wild thinking," I said. "I never thought of anything like that."

"Well, maybe you should stop being so damn moralistic and just accept the fact that you've been sent a fuck angel. Be grateful."

"This is crazy. Things like that don't happen. It's just a coincidence that you came here and I made a mistake taking advantage of you." I paused. "It won't happen again."

"Have it your way, Jack." Kate said. "I'm tired now and think I'll hit the sack." Kate reached out and took my hand. "Let's shake hands, Jack. No more fucking."

I shook her hand and said goodnight. I have to admit I was surprised by her openness with language and her body. As she walked away, I couldn't take my eyes off of her round ass and thought, "This is going to be a challenge."

Just as she got to the other room, Kate turned and smiled. "Like what you see," she said, teasingly, looking me straight in the eyes, challenging me. "She's no angel, she's a devil," I said to myself and shook my head in disbelief at what was happening to my quiet life. 

Later that night, I was having difficulty sleeping. The full moon was glowing through the skylight and illuminating the room. I glanced at the clock and saw it was 2:00 o'clock. I was thinking how strange it was having a woman as a housemate--a young, sexy housemate and how this was the last thing I expected. I got up to go to the bathroom and then to the kitchen sink to get a glass of water. I sleep nude and was standing at the sink looking up at the moon when Kate came in from the other side of the cabin. 

She headed to the bathroom and didn't see me standing in the dark kitchen. There's only the kitchen counter separating the bathroom from the kitchen area. I didn't want Kate to see me, so I moved to the corner of the kitchen by the pantry and stood in the dark. I assumed she would go back to her side of the cabin, but she didn't. She came into the kitchen, stood at the sink and got a glass of water. She was wearing a thin tee-shirt that barely covered her ass. Then she turned around, leaned against the sink and drank her water, looking up at the skylight. In the moonlight, I could see her round tits though the thin material of her tee-shirt. I was getting aroused seeing her long smooth legs and the tee-shirt barely covering her cunt. My cock was getting hard and big. When she turned around to face the sink, she leaned forward to wash her glass and her tee-shirt lifted up revealing her round ass.

Suddenly, looking at her ass as she leaned against the sink, I was filled with lust. "Oh no," I said to myself, looking at my cock sticking straight out. "I have to control myself. I can't do this," I thought. "It's not right, but looking at her round ass was too much. My lust was overwhelming me. I wanted to rub my cock against her ass. I wanted to grab her tits. I wanted to come out of the dark and bend her over the table and fuck her, but I was afraid to move. I felt like a voyeur with my cock in my hand. I was crazy with lust. She looked so sexy and I was so horny from looking at her luscious body I didn't know what to do. 

Kate was leaning against the sink, looking up at the moon, her tee shirt just above her round ass. Finally, I lost control. I came up behind her, grabbed her tits and place my cock on her ass. Kate was shocked at first then looked over her shoulder and realized what was happening. She smiled at me and wiggled her ass against my cock, "So much for our deal," she said.

I had both hands on her tits, pulling her against my hard cock, which was pressed into the crack between ass cheeks. I was moving my cock against her ass. She was responding with moans and pushing her ass against my cock. Her motion was really turning me on as I pressed my cock harder against her crack, moving up and down, kneading her firm round tits harder and harder. 

"Ummmmmmmm" Kate moaned. "I like this. Keep doing that." 

I still hadn't said a word. I knew I shouldn't be doing this, but her body was more than I could stand. I had to take her and fuck her. 

Finally, I pushed her towards the table and bent her over. I spread her legs. My cock was at her cunt. Her arms were stretched in front of her grasping the other side. I moved my cock up and down her wet slit. It felt so good to play with her, tease her, get her wet and hot. 

Kate turned her head towards me and shouted, "FUCK ME!"

"You really want it don't you, Kate." I said, leaning over her, whispering in her ear. 

"Don't tease me you bastard. Take me! Come on fuck me!"

I was enjoying teasing her, getting both of us so on the edge we were driving each other crazy. I looked down at my cock at the entrance to her cunt, her ass wiggling for me to take her. I put my cock in a little deeper and felt her pushing back, wanting it. 

"FUCK ME. STOP TEASING ME. I NEED YOU IN ME NOW, YOU BASTARD," she yelled.

"Tell me again. Tell me what you want," I whispered in her ear. 

She grasped the end of the table harder with her hand and pushed back against me. "FUCK ME NOW. DAMN IT. I CAN'T STAND IT! FUCK ME I WANT IT SO BAD!" 

Finally, I rammed my cock into her tight wet cunt. "You're so tight" I said. I had to push hard to open her up. I pulled out and rammed in even harder, grunting with each thrust—"Ughn. Ughn. Ughn." Each thrust going deeper into her tight wet cunt. 

"Your cock's so big," Kate said, as I picked up speed. "You feel so good."

I was pounding into her--ramming my cock into her with all my strength. "You like this don't you. You like being fucked by me. Tell me!" I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth. I had never been so out of my mind with lust before. Fucking this young tight cunt was like nothing I had ever experience before. 

"I love it," she said. "I love how you're fucking me. Don't stop. Do it harder. Fuck me harder. Fuck me! Fuck me. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhgod. Keep fucking me.!" 

I don't know where my strength or energy came from. I didn't want to ever stop. I loved how her tight cunt felt. How she begged me to fuck her. I was deranged with lust as I rammed into her with an intensity I didn't know I had. 

TAKE MY COCK, BABY," I shouted. TAKE IT. I LOVE FUCKING YOU." "GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER. FUCK ME HARDER. GIVE ME YOUR COCK!" she yelled. 

I was fucking her like a wild man, my balls bouncing against her ass, her cunt juice spilling out. I could feel my sperm getting ready to rise. I knew I was on the verge of cumming and pounded her even harder. 

Kate shouted. "FUCK ME. I'M ALMOST THERE. FUCK FUCK FUCK! OHHHHGOD HERE IT COMES. HERE IT COMES. I'M CUMMING. OHHHH MYGOD FUCK ME FUCK ME OHHHHHHHHHH!" 

Her screaming urged me on and I rammed my cock as deep as I could go, pulled out and rammed into her even harder, grunting with each thrust. I could feel myself getting ready to burst as my sperm rose with a tremble up my legs. My cock was swelling inside of her as I moved in and out. I was getting ready to explode in her and screamed, HERE I COME. I'M CUMMMING. I'M CUMMING. OHHHHH HERE I COME!"

"CUM IN ME! CUM IN ME! I WANT YOUR CUM. GIVE IT TO ME COME ON FUCK ME HARDER, HARDER!

I exploded in her. This was the wildest fuck of my life. Spurt after spurt pouring out of me and into her cunt, spilling out onto the table. I couldn't budge and just lay on top of her with my cock in her wet cunt. We were both exhausted, gasping for air. For a second I forgot where we were. The room was dark except for the moonlight coming in the window. I let her up and we hugged and I kissed her. "That was pretty wild, mister." Kate said. "I don't think I've ever been fucked like that," she laughed. "I'm still dizzy."

"Me, too," I said. "I don't know what came over me."

"That's because you came all over me," she laughed. 

Somehow I didn't feel uncomfortable standing in the kitchen completely naked with my cock hanging limply. "You're some housemate," I said. 

"Wrong. I'm your fuck angel," she said, giving me a light kiss on the lips and then went back to her bed. "See you in the morning."