 The next morning I was in my office trying to write but I couldn't stop thinking about the sudden change in my life. I remembered having fantasized about a beautiful sexy woman come to my door—you know, her car breaking down or lost on a stormy night and having wild sex but never believed it would actually happen. Things like that didn't happen in real life, but here it was happening to me. 

It was almost nine when I heard Kate go into the kitchen. I peeked out my office door and said, "Good morning. There's coffee on, if you want it." 

"Great! Thanks," Kate said. 

She was dressed in a short black skirt and a white low cut peasant blouse. I came out to the kitchen and poured myself another cup of coffee. "How come you're all dressed up?" I asked.

"Job hunting," she said. "I'm broke and have to get a job." She had a folded up newspaper. "I picked this paper up at the co-op yesterday and just went over the classifieds." She said, taking a sip of her coffee. "There's not much out there, but I'll find something. I always do." she added.

"I like your confidence," I said. 

"I always have a positive attitude. I really believe the right thing will come my way. That's how I live my life."

"You have a lot of wisdom for a young woman," I said. "By the way, how old are you?"

"I'm thirty," she said, "But age is just a number, like I said, yesterday. What difference does it make?"

I nodded. "I'm not sure. I'm sixty-two and sometimes it sounds old but then I find it hard to believe cause inside I still feel youthful." 

Kate smiled. "It's all in the mind. If you think 62 is old then it's old. If you think you're still young, then you're still young. We program ourselves. That's why a person should not even think about age. Live in the present, the now. So many people live in the past and think about the future, when the only thing that matters is the present." 

"Interesting," I said. "Here I am thirty years older than you but I think you have a lot to teach me," I said.

"Thanks, that's nice of you to say, but I think you have a lot to teach me, too," she said. "Remember I said I trust my intuition. Well, my intuition tells me that you are a pretty special person. I can tell by how you listen and just from this cabin you built." Just then Kate stepped forward, took my hands and gave me a little kiss. "I can also tell by how you fuck."

"You can," I said, feeling her tits against my chest. 

She put her hand on my beard and then ran her fingers through my hair. She looked me in the eyes and smiled, "If you can get over your dumb ideas about age we can have a lot of fun together," she said. "If you believe that I'm your fuck angel sent here by fate to bring wild sex into your life and I believe I came to this town to find you, then that's all we need to know. Just accept it." 

"I'll try," I said. "It's something to think about." I added. "Reality is an illusion," she said, "But the reality is I have to find a job—that's not an illusion." She put down her coffee, picked up the newspaper and her little pocketbook and said, "I'm off to the real world."

"Real world?" I asked. "Isn't this the real world, here?" 

"This is our world," she added. "It's real in a different way." When she got to the front door, she turned and said, "You think too much, Jack. Just enjoy! See you later."

When Kate left I watched her run up to her car and thought about the conversation we just had. "She's a little philosopher," I thought. "Maybe she's right, age is just a number. We make our own reality. Stop thinking so much and enjoy." Still, I felt funny having sex with someone young enough to be my daughter. "This is wild," I thought. "Maybe, she's right, about this cabin is our own world and there's another world out there that doesn't really matter." 

I looked over at the bird feeder out my window just as several birds pecked for food. Several others were in the tree nearby waiting for their turn. "Those birds certainly have their own world and reality. So do the squirrels. Why not me and Kate," I thought and put our cups in the sink.

I went back to work. The day passed quickly. That afternoon, I was out in the garden, thinning the carrots and spinach, when I saw Kate on the back porch, waving to me.

"Need some help," she yelled. 

"Sure, come on down," I yelled back.

"Be right down. I just want to change my clothes."

I was on my knees, thinning the spinach, my back to the house, when I heard Kate's footsteps. I turned and saw that she was wearing tight cut off jeans and a low cut flimsy yellow shirt that revealed her stomach and barely covered her tits. "Damn but she looks sexy," I thought as she approached. 

"I got a job," she said. "Second place I went."

"Great. What job?" 

"I'm going to waitress at The Bistro," she said. 

"You should do well there. They keep pretty busy, especially at night. It's the local watering hole." I said. 

"I work three nights and two lunches." She said, "So I'll have plenty of time to paint."

When Kate kneeled down next to me, her tits practically fell out of her low cut shirt. "What are we doing?" she asked and then looked around at the garden. "Hey, this is some garden." she said and got up and started walking around. I looked up at her as she walked and loved how her round ass looked in the tight cut offs. They were so short her ass cheeks were just at the edge of the jeans. I was wearing shorts and could feel my cock swelling as I looked at her. She came back to where I was working and kneeled next to me, her warm bare thigh touched my bare thigh. She then leaned forward and started thinning the spinach. 

"I love to garden," she said as she worked. "I didn't tell you I grew up on a farm in Ohio. We had a small dairy farm and had at least twenty-five cows."

"No kidding. You grew up on a farm." I said. "Did you work on the farm?"

"Of course, we all did. But my dad died when I was twelve." 

"That must have been hard," I said.

"It was, but my mom got a lot of insurance when he died, so we were able to keep the farm. We hired a manager. My mom was a great gardener and that's where I learned. I love gardening."

Kate looked at me while she was talking. She was on her knees. She leaned forward, reaching to the spinach on the other side of the bed and started thinning. Her tits were barely being covered by her shirt. Her cut offs were tight against her crotch and ass. Her legs looked wonderful next to mine. My cock was getting harder in my shorts. "You can grow a lot of food in this garden," she said, as she thinned the spinach. She then turned and saw the bulge in my shorts and smiled at me. "Horny are we," she said and laughed.

"You know you're trying to turn me on by coming down here dressed like that." I said. 

"Dressed like what," she said, smiling. "I'm just wearing a pair of old shorts and an old shirt," she said. "I don't know what you mean." 

"Is that so?" I said. "You're practically wearing nothing. You know what you're doing, don't you? Your tits are barely covered by that flimsy shirt and those cut offs couldn't be any tighter or shorter." "So," she said. "I like how I'm dressed. I can't help if it makes you horny." She wasn't looking at me as she spoke. She got up to reach across the bed to thin more spinach. When she stretched, the jeans rose up and her ass cheeks poked out. Looking at her leaning over the bed made me want to mount her and fuck her doggie style. I just stared at her ass, feeling my cock getting bigger. 

"What makes you think I'm trying to turn you on when I'm just trying to help you in the garden," she said. 

"Stop playing little Miss innocent. You know you're teasing me," I said. "You're trying to get me to fuck you."

"Oh no, I'm not. I wouldn't do that. How could you think that? I just like to be comfortable when I garden." She was on her hands and knees and looked back at me over her shoulder. Her ass in the tight jeans was tantalizing me and I know she knew it. She was playing with me. 

She came back from stretching over the bed with a handful of spinach she had thinned. She smiled at me and looked down at the tent in my shorts, then looked me in the eyes, "Looks like you've got a big weapon in your shorts," she said. She then stood up and looked around. "It's pretty private back here, isn't it?"

"Very," I said, noticing her crotch was at eye level. She was standing very close to me with her legs spread slightly. The seam of her jeans was tight against her cunt and I could see the outline of her pussy lips. 

Kate was looking down at me, her legs spread, her cunt just inches from my face. "How far away are your neighbors?" she asked, softly, looking around. She then moved closer, looking down at me. 

"Very far away," I said, looking up at her tits, her nipples getting larger and then at her face, smiling down at me. Her crotch was just above my mouth, her legs spread slightly.

She looked down at me and smiled, "You want to fuck me, don't you." she said. "You want to put that weapon in me don't you. Tell me you want to fuck me."

I couldn't believe she was talking to me like that.

I looked up at her smiling down at me, her cunt inches from my mouth, her long wild hair glowing in the afternoon sun, the nipples on her tits poking through her flimsy shirt. It was all I could do not to grab her. 

"You want to fuck me right here in the garden, don't you. Come on, Jack, tell me what you want to do to me. You want to fuck me, don't you?"

I couldn't believe what a devil she was being. "Yes, damn it. I want to fuck you. You're a cock tease," I said. "I'm going to fuck you right here." I reached up and grabbed her round ass with my hands. I squeezed her ass, loving how firm and tight her ass felt in my hands. I then pulled her crotch to my mouth and started kissing her cunt through her jeans, moving my lips and then my nose into her cunt, pulling her into me. Kate pushed her cunt hard against my tongue. 

"You really want me, don't you? I'm driving you crazy aren't I." she said "You want to get that big hard cock into me, don't you, don't you? Tell me how much you want to fuck me, Jack." 

I reached up and started unbuttoning her jeans to pull them down. I was going to fuck her right there in the garden. Suddenly, she slapped my hands away, backed up, turned and started running down the path. I was still on my knees, surprised at what had happened. "Damn you," I yelled. 

She stopped at the edge of the garden. "If you want to fuck me," she yelled back at me, laughing, "you have to catch me." I was on my feet as she started running up to the house. She had a head start but I was not far behind her. She stopped and turned to see if I was coming. "Come get me," she yelled. Her legs were spread in a defiant stance, her hands on her hips, her tits standing straight out barely covered by her shirt. She looked so sexy standing there. "Come on, Jack, try to catch me and fuck me!" She laughed. 

As I got closer, she turned and started running again, her hair waving in the wind. Just then she tripped over the hose coming down from the house. She fell to the ground, rolled over and was getting up just as I reached her. I pushed her down to the ground and pounced on her. She was on her back and I got between her legs and pressed my hard cock against her cunt. She was squirming and trying to push me away but I had her pinned to the ground and started grinding my cock into her crotch. Her teasing, taunting had gotten me so worked up that I was hotter and hornier than I had ever been. She was trying to escape, pushing her cunt against my cock, squirming and getting me even hotter. I had her arms pinned above her head and her tits were crushed against my chest. "Okay, now I've got you where I want you."

"Let me go," she yelled. "Please, don't do this. I'll be good."

"You're a cock tease and you're going to get what you deserve."

"No. I'll be good. Please let me go." she said, squirming under me.

"You can't go around dressed like that and think you're not going to get fucked, I'm going to teach you a lesson," I said, grinding my cock into her. "You want it, don't you? You want me to fuck you!"

I was panting as I pressed her to the ground. I pulled her tits out of her flimsy shirt and started sucking on one of them, licking her nipple while my hand rubbed the other tit. She was still squirming, trying to push me off. Then I lifted my mouth from her tit. I was looking deep into her eyes. My cock was grinding hard against her cunt. She was looking up at me, biting her lower lip. 

"You want my cock in you, don't you?" I said. 

"No, you bastard, let me go. Get off of me now. Or I'll scream."

"Go ahead, no one will hear you." I said. I then got my hands on her cut-offs and started to pull them off. "I was holding her down, just lifting myself enough to get them down her legs. 

Finally I got her shorts off, threw them to the side, pulled my shorts down, grabbed my cock and put it on the edge of her dripping pussy. "Beg for my cock. Beg me to fuck you," I said, moving my cock up and down her wet cunt. "You want it don't you." "Stop," she screamed. "Don't do this. Don't fuck me!"

I then grabbed her legs and pushed them up so that her knees were at her tits and her cunt was wide open to me. I rubbed my cock up and down her cunt lips, going deeper with each swipe. She was lifting her ass up so that my cock was going into her. She was getting wetter. 

"You want it, don't you? Tell me what you want." I was teasing her with my cock like she had been teasing me before. "Beg, Kate, Beg me to fuck you."

My cock was big and swollen. It was all I could do not to just ram into her but I wanted to tease her and show her who was in charge. 

I put my cock in deeper and heard her gasp,"Ohhhh." She lifted her self to get my cock deeper. ''Beg for it. Kate. Tell me what you want," I said as I went a little deeper then pulled out, my cock hovering above her wet cunt. I held it there, looking down at her, holding my cock. "Come on, I know you want me to fuck you. Beg for it."

She then lifted her self up again, trying to suck my cock into her hot cunt and finally she screamed, "Fuck me, Jack, Fuck me. I can't stand it any more. GIVE IT TO ME!' she screamed. 

"Here it comes, baby!" I said and plowed into her hot wet cunt with all my strength. Kate wrapped her legs around me, her ankles locked at my ass, pulling me into her. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHGOD FUCK ME YOU BASTARD. FUCK ME HARDER. GIVE IT TO ME, OHHHHHHHHHMYGOD!"

We were on the ground and I was ramming my cock into her like a piston and she was lifting her ass up off the ground to take me deeper in her and she was digging her nails into my back as I rammed my red hot cock into her tight sopping cunt, grunting with each thrust while she screamed, FUCK ME FUCK MEOHHHHHHHHHMYGOD. YOU'RE SO BIG COME ON FUCK ME HARDER. HARDER!" 

We were fucking like wild animals. I don't know where I got the energy, but I was out of my mind with lust as I rammed into her over and over, harder and harder—ram, ram, ram, ram, ram until I felt my sperm rising into my cock. 

I was about to explode when I felt Kate shudder as an orgasm came over her and she yelled, OHHHHHHMYGOD I'M THERE. I'M THERE. FUCK ME HARDER HERE IT COMES, OH FUCK I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!"

She had lifted herself off the ground, hanging onto my body, her nails digging into my back, as the orgasm swelled over her. My hands were on her ass, holding her to me. Then she fell back to the ground. I took her legs and pushed her knees up to her tits, giving me complete access to her open cunt. I continued thrusting into her, harder, grunting with each thrust, causing her to scream "OHHHHHHHHHHHMYGOD FUCKKKKKKKK!"

I felt my self ready to explode as my cock swelled and that tingling tremble rolled from my toes, up my legs, spine, head and I felt my sperm erupt and spurt out of me into her cunt, I'M CUMMING, OH GOD HERE IT COMES!"" 

"GIVE IT TO ME!" Kate yelled. FUCK ME. CUM IN ME!

"I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!" I yelled again, as I rammed into her harder than before, feeling her tight cunt muscles grip my cock, milking every ounce of sperm I had. I collapsed on her, gasping for air. She then pushed me off of her. I was on my back. Kate got up on her knees, leaning over me, licking the cum from my cock, slurping it into her mouth like a greedy kitten, moaning as she licked. Then she smiled, "That was pretty wild," she said. "I don't know if I'm going to be able to keep up with you," she said. 

She then lay down next to me. We were both gasping for air. We were looking up at the blue sky. I could not believe what was happening to my life since Kate became my housemate. Neither of us spoke. I looked around at the trees that surrounded my cabin and thought about the world that existed outside of my little world in the woods and knew for now, this was the only one that really mattered.