 ************

Continuation of "House Sitting...". Male perspective for a female reader. You become a bit more... submissive... 

VERY rusty in story telling... may change this in time. But looking to get back into story telling, and this is step one... 

************

Your mind is reeling at this sudden realization. I'm NOT who you thought I was. I'm NOT Scott. I'm his friend, whom you sorta know. And now, I'm balls deep in your ass, with your hands behind your head, your feet chained to a bar to each other, and me showing no signs of stopping...

Coming down from your orgasm, you say, "Tyler... you... you shouldn't be... mmmm... doing this... you need to stop... I was... was... ugh!... was exp-p-peting Scott... He should be the oneOH! ... fffffucking me right now..."

I continue to fuck your tight asshole, slowly, giving you time to recover. "You're right, I SHOULDN'T be fucking you. It's wrong, and immoral the way I tricked you. Fair enough." I pull out of your ass, pulling a disappointed sigh from you, then toss you on the bed. "You were waiting for Scott, so I'll leave you for Scott as you intended." With that, I hook your hands back to the rope at the top of the bed. I blindfold you again and put the vibrator back into your pussy, only set on medium this time. 

You moan at the medium setting. Then I say, "I'll leave you alone until Scott comes back. He should be back in a week or so." You begin to protest, but I've walked out and close the door behind me, leaving you tied up and with a vibe stimulating you...

I leave you alone for what feels like days... the vibe and the lack of visible stimuli making time hard to track... (Unbeknownst to you, I've taken a shower, gotten some grub, drank some water, and have had more alcohol.)

After what feels like a week, you hear the door open again. "Who's there?" you ask, breathing heavily. "T-Tyler? Scooooott?" You hear foot steps walk toward you, you feel your pussy gush in anticipation... you no longer know what you want...

You hear a whisper in your ear, "Are you a cock hungry slut?" You gasp at the question and in a sensual manor... you breath, "No... I'm just Scott's..." With that you feel a sharp slap on your face, followed by another on the opposite side, followed by another of the first side. It hurts... but at the same time... feels right... 

"Basic rations, then," you hear. "Here's some water..." You feel a straw at your lips, and after some time thinking, suck cautiously... You are rewarded with clean tasting water, so you drink greedily, it's been forever since you've had a drink. The straw is pulled away from you. Something else is pressed against your lips. "Granola bar" you hear me say. You lick it, and yes, it seems to taste like granola as you remember. You take a nibble, and that checks out too. So you take big bites, it's been so long since you've eaten. I offer you two more before you are full. 

Once you are sated, I turn your Vibe up to max and say, "Goodnight, bitch."

With that, I walk out of the room, closing the door behind me, leaving you alone, all tied up, with a high intensity vibe in your pussy all night...

(I drink more, play some games, watch some videos, and fall asleep...)

After what feels like an eternity, you hear the door open again. "Good morning, bitch. Did you sleep at all?" Moaning, panting, and weak curses are all I hear. "So that's a no, then?"

"F-f-f-fuuuuuck yyooouuuuu, T-tyyyyleeerr... uuuuuugghhh..." I chuckle to myself at your response. "Oh come now, I came here to help you. I could leave you here, all by your lonesome. Or have you forgotten the kindness I have shown you by giving you water and feeding you yesterday?" With that, I hear a halfhearted groan, before you relax a bit... 

"Ok," I say, "I'm to horny this morning for games... so here's what's going to happen. I'm going to free your hands from the links chaining you to the bed, and we'll see what happens..." With that, I undo the link of your cuff links and the rope tied to the bed, I then undo the cufflinks from each other, giving you full range of motion with your hands...

You hesitate... think... consider... You crawl to the end of the bed, toward the mirror... then stop... head down, ass up... "P...Please... Tyler... Fuck my ass... " I move toward you... then slap your ass hard... "You want ME to fuck you? What would Scott think?"

You turn you head toward me and giggle, "Just think of that song, silly," (and with that you sing the Eurotrip song... ). "Scotty doesn't know, that Fiona and me, do it in my Van every Suuuuuuunddaaayyyyyyy...: with that I shove my cock in your ass again... pulling a long moan from your slutty mouth... 

I reach down, grip you by the throat, and pull you up against me as I fuck your ass. I lean down and nibble on your ear before I whisper to you, "You will cum for me and continue to cum for me for as long as I see fit..." At this, you cum, and cum hard!... 

I continue to fuck your ass. You come down from your high, but still feel me. "TYLER! PLEASE! GIVE ME A MOMENT TO GET MY BEEEEAAARINGSS..." you shout at me.

I stop, giving you a chance to catch your breath... But after a few seconds, I hear... "D...don't stop... fuck me.. ravage me... claim me as your bitch!" With that, I backed off, allowing other women to try to make their mark... my local source exposing me to more chicks than I needed this week...

By now, I NEED to cum, and you happen to be the asshole closet to me... I grab your hips and pump for all I'm worth... I fuck you hard and fast, hearing you moan, feeling you clench... eventually... you cum... and I cum in your ass very soon after...  

We cuddle as we feel our friends take the political heat off us from the possible allies wanting our sexual flesh... 

***************

Short story, waiting a revision or a part 3. Just a romp into getting back into writing after VERY long hiatus... please, comment your views, good, bad, how to improve, anything...

***************