 The weather was hot and humid and Donna was the same as she drove towards her meeting with some unsuspecting male. A smile crossed her lips as the reality of her long awaited independence from her cheating husband began to sink in. She felt guilt free as she drove towards her reward, knowing that through numerous confrontations and counseling sessions her ex was never going to change his cheating ways. Now it was her turn!

She looked in the mirror, ran her tongue lightly across her lips, confirming that the allure was very much there, confident that her calculated plan for the evening would culminate in her every expectation.

The short, black skirt left nothing to the imagination as it hugged her ass showing off what she knew to be one of her better attributes, her ass. The form fitting white tank top was simply made for her. It accentuated her full, firm breasts better than anything else in her closet. The V neck line showed what natural cleavage was like, something to be admired by all, desired by many. While her girlfriend called her knee high boots "Come fuck me" boots, Donna knew that they served only as an accessory to what was already one hot girl, a girl on a mission, a mission of desire and satisfaction. 

Walking down the sidewalk Donna couldn't help but steal glances at herself in the shop windows. She knew that she looked hot. It was confirmed by the many men that passed her by. The sexy smiles they gave only made her wetter with desire. The woman she passed by looked at her with looks of jealousy. She didn't care. It was time to take care of the ache between her legs. Time for some satisfaction. 

Donna walked into the bar, checking out the action. As she ordered a beer she noticed that there weren't many woman around. The only thought that ran through her mind was that she would get to chose almost any man she wanted. The bartender handed Donna her bottle of beer and told her to enjoy her evening. She winked at him and said "Oh I plan on it sweetie."

Donna started towards the backroom. She spotted three men shooting pool. Looks like a great place to start, she thought to herself.

Donna walked over to where they were shooting pool and asked if she could play the winner. The three men said, "sure, why not". When they finished the game they asked Donna if she would like to play partners instead since there was 4 of them now. 

"That sounds good to me", Donna said. "But who is going to be my partner?"

They all started to say, "me". Donna laughed, thinking to herself about how much fun this could be. 

She found out the guys names were Steve, Brad and Garrett. She decided to take turns with them, starting with Brad. Brad was about 5'6, blonde, blue eyed and boyishly handsome.

Brad stood close to Donna when they weren't shooting. Asking her polite questions like "how was your day?, what kind of work do you do?", etc. She caught him a couple times looking down at her 42C breasts. This only made her want to tease him. She bent over any chance she could. She could tell her nipples were standing at attention. She was so excited. Her panties were starting to get damp.

Shot after shot Donna could not seem to make any. She thought maybe Brad would help her but he didn't. His eyes were to glued to her tits for him to notice that they lost the game.

Next was Garrett's turn. He stood about 6'4, slightly graying hair, brown eyes. He had a look about him that was extremely sexy. He actually looked like a man that was always searching for a woman for sex and never settling down. Donna thought he could be the one she would take to bed. He had the desire in his eyes she was looking for. 

Garrett was a great pool player. He helped Donna by showing her how to hold the cue stick. His hands would cover hers as he pressed against her. She could feel the out line of his cock against her ass. She pushed back against his cock wanting him to know she felt its hardness.

Donna shot and actually make a ball in the pocket. She jumped up and down, her breasts bouncing while she jumped.

She hugged Garrett and pressed her tits against him as she thanked him for helping her. A few more shots by Garrett and they won their game.

Now it was Steve's turn. Donna was saving the best for last. From the minute she saw him, she knew he was the one she was going to have. Steve was 5'10, brown hair, blue eyes, and very sexy looking. He had muscular arms, a great chest that pushed out against the material of his shirt. He had the look of lust in his eyes. Something connected with him and Donna.

From the first shot that Donna took she asked Steve's advice on how to shoot the ball. Steve would stand behind Donna and lean over her, his hands over hers, showing her how to hold the cue stick. Donna would wiggle slightly against Steve. She wanted to make him hard and feel his cock against her. 

After the 5th shot, Steve whispered in her ear, "God Donna, you are making my cock so fucking hard". 

Donna said, "Good, that's what i have been trying to do". 

The game ended quickly. Steve and Donna won. Steve asked Donna if she would like a victory dance and she accepted. Steve led her to the dance floor. A slow song was playing. The were grinding against each other, Steve's hands were on Donna's ass. This turned her on so much. She hoped he continued to touch her ass. He pressed his hard cock against her and Donna could tell it was at least 8 inches long and she couldn't wait to have it.

Donna told Steve, "Find a table in the back, I will be there in a few minutes, I need to use the ladies room".

Donna walked into the ladies room and was followed by a red headed woman. She said to Donna, "Looks like you are going to get laid tonight". 

Donna laughed and said, "I sure hope so". "I came in here to take my panties off because i plan on riding his cock right there in the backroom". The look on the woman's face was priceless. 

She said, "you go girl!!!!!". 

When Donna was leaving the room she turned to the woman, put her panties up to the woman's cheek and said, "this is how wet he has made me". The woman took the panties from Donna and put them to her mouth, and started sucking on them. Donna just winked at her and left.

Donna found Steve and walked up to him and started kissing him passionately, sliding her tongue in his mouth. Her hands reached down and caressed his ass as she pulled him closer against her. When they stopped kissing Donna propped her foot up on the bar stool and spread her legs as she leaned against the party bar. 

"Can we get out of here and go to my place or yours?, Steve asked. 

"All in due time Steve, we are going to have some fun here first". she said. 

Donna took Steve's hand and slid it between her legs. He was greeted by her bare, wet pussy lips. "Finger my pussy", Donna whispered. Steve slid one finger, then 2 fingers in her pussy, moving slowly in and out, feeling the wetness. Donna was so wet she could feel her juices starting to drip down her leg.

"Now take them out and bring them to our lips so we can taste them" said Donna. 

Steve did as he was told. Donna sucked them into her mouth, savoring the flavor as Steve was licking the sides of his fingers. 

"MMMMMMMMM Do you like the way I taste?" asked Donna. 

"Oh God, yessssss, I want nothing more than to eat your hot little pussy", said Steve. 

"MMMMMMMMMMMMM good, we will get to that later" said Donna.

Donna reached down and unbottoned Steve's jeans. She pulled Steve's hard cock free, rubbing on the big head. 

"Your cock is so hard baby, I bet it's looking for a nice warm hole to fill" she said. 

"You know it is baby" said Steve. Donna pushed her skirt up and sat up on the bar stool, sitting forward as far as she could without falling off. 

"Fuck me Steve, fuck me hard with that big cock of yours" Donna begged. 

Steve moved in closer, the head of his cock dipping into the opening of Donna's wet pussy. Steve teased her, putting it in slightly and pulling it back out. 

"Don't tease me baby, I need your cock so bad" Donna said. 

With one big thrust Steve buried his hard cock deep in Donna's cunt. He didn't care if anyone was watching, this woman was fucking hot and he was going to fill her with his cum. 

His cock rammed deeper and harder into her as she braced herself against the party bar. He could see in the darkness of the bar, the glistening wetness on her pussy lips. Steve reached down and started rubbing Donna's clit as he watched his balls slap against her ass. 

Donna watched as Steve's hard cock went in and out of her hot cunt. Harder, faster he pounded. It felt so good. She squeezed her pussy lips tight around his cock, never wanting to let it go. Donna's hands were on Steve's massive chest. Her fingers ran over his nipples, teasing them. 

She started bucking against him, "I'm gonna cum baby!!!!!!!!!" 

Steve fucked her harder and faster. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH i'm cumming" moaned Donna. Her juices started to coat Steve's cock. This was too much for Steve, he moved up against Donna's tits and held her tight as he rammed his cock one last time into her soaking wet cunt. 

Steve started moaning. "I'm going to fill your hot cunt with my cum baby" he groaned. 

"OHHHHHHHH yes do it, do it baby, give it all to me" said Donna.

Donna felt his cum hit her cunt with full force as he moaned out her name. "DONNAAAAAAA

Donna looked up over Steve's shoulder and spotted the red headed woman from the ladies room. She had her legs spread and was rubbing her pussy. Donna smiled at her and kept watching her. 

Donna looked back at Steve and found his mouth and kissed him passionately. Tongues probing, tasting, teasing. She felt his cock softening and begin to slip out of her pussy. Steve sat next to her with his arm around her, they were both trembling from what happened. 

They were about to get up to go to the restroom to clean up a bit when the red head came up to them. 

She leaned forward and said to Donna, "I believe these are yours, see how wet you made me?, as she wiped them across Donna's lips. 

"Call me sometime, my numbers on the panties" said the red head as she winked at Steve and walked away."