 How did it start? I remember his voice the first time on the phone, the way he seemed to already know me, the way he made me want to know him. He talked and joked as if he had known me forever. He made me want to hold him forever.

The conversations grew longer. I learned of him, his life, his family. I wanted to know more. I wanted to know everything about him. What his likes are, his dislikes, his dreams, his desires. But mostly, I want to be his desire. I want him to want me the way I want him.

He would call, we'd talk about mundane things, all work related of course. I would find myself getting wet, wondering if he knew what his voice did to me. I would turn sideways in my chair, with the arm rest between my legs, rubbing against my clit, wishing more than anything that his hands were on me, that he was the one rubbing me. When we would hand up, I'd have to go to the ladies room to finish what he had unknowingly started.

Everyday, I would wait for him to call...hoping that he was thinking of me the same way I was thinking of him. How many times have I gone home and fingered myself thinking of him wishing he were there making love to me, wondering about his touch. Dreaming of sliding him inside of me and riding him until we both cum together. 

Then, it finally happened, we met. Immediately he took me in his arms and hugged me. Very discreetly, because there were others around. I felt like I belonged in his arms. His hands were around my waist. I wanted his so bad. He went about his business while I tried to control my thoughts and reign in my desire. I was so wet, I couldn't believe it. I've never reacted that way to a hug before. He comes to the front and asks if I am alone. I tell him yes and he motions for me to come to him. I walk towards him and he pulls me into his arms and kisses me. Oh how wonderful it was. To feel him under my hands, to feel his lips on mine. He kissed down onto my neck...I was in heaven. I did not want him to stop, but I was at work and he had to. How much I wanted to hold onto him and let him kiss my body, make me feel the things I feel when I fantasize of making love to him. He is so passionate as he kisses me, there is no hiding our desire. But I have to pull away before someone sees us.

He follows me into my office. I'm trying to regain my composure before I turn to face him. I hope he sees the desire in my eyes. He sits across from me and we talk for a while. The whole time, my mind is wandering, wanting more of his touch. Wishing we were anywhere but here, just so I can feel his hands on my body, his flesh against mine.

I barely know this man, but he brings out a side of me that I thought was gone forever. I dream of telling him how much I want him, how much I need to feel him inside of me. But I'm scared. I worry that he's only flirting and doesn't really want me the way I want him. Then he leaves, and I'm left with an empty feeling. Wishing he were here, holding me, kissing me, making love to me. I have to go to the ladies room, yet again to relieve the pent up desire that he causes. I don't understand how a man can do this to me. How can I cum at the thought of his touch or the sound of his voice? If I feel this way without ever having made love to him, what would happen if we did actually make love?

I dream of walking into a room where he is alone. I come up behind him and put my arms around him and lie my head on his back. I tell him all the things that I've thought of for the past months and tell him how bad I want him. He turns to face me and takes my face in his hands. He tells me that he wants me too and that he has dreamed of this moment as much as I have. He then puts his lips on mine, opens his lips slightly and teases my lips with his tongue. I open my mouth and our tongues move together in some ancient dance, a ceremony as old as time. He pulls me close to him and I feel the hardness of him pressing into me. I've wanted this for so long, but I want it to last.

He starts to take my shirt off. As he starts to pull it over my head I stop him. I sit him down on the bed and slowly I take my shirt off. As it goes over my head I feel his tongue on my stomach, slowly going upwards towards my bare breasts. I pull the shirt over my head and leave my hands up in the air, savoring his lips on my skin. He understands how much I want this to last and takes his time. He slowly teases me, taking one nipple in his mouth, slowly licking and nibbling. Then he moves to the other side, making sure he touches every inch of skin in between. I start to gasp and pull his head closer to me, begging him to take all of me in his mouth. He does and I feel the small tremors begin, so I pull away. I could cum so easy, just from his lips on my breast, but not yet.

I then unzip my pants and slowly begin to lower them. I'm very conscious of the stretch marks on my stomach and try to hide them with my hands. He moves my hands away and softly and lovingly kisses each one and tells me that I'm beautiful. He continues to push my pants down until I am able to step out of them. He stands up and holds me against him. It feels oddly comforting to be standing there completely nude while he is fully dressed. Instead of any shame or embarrassment, I only feel pleasure

He then asks me to lie down on the bed. I do so and he lies down on top of me, still fully clothed. I ask him if he plans to undress, he says no, that he wants to completely enjoy me first. He kisses me and I feel electric shocks run through my body. He starts to kiss my body, going down slowly until his face is between my legs. He is breathing heavily on me and I can feel my clit getting harder. I am dying for him to lick me, to stick his tongue inside me, but he goes down beside my wetness and starts kissing my inner thighs instead. He continues to lick and kiss my body, but never once does he taste me.

I then beg him to let me undress him. I want to feel his skin against me so badly. He agrees so we stand up. I slowly begin to unbutton his shirt and remove it.. I put my hands on his bare chest. He's so warm and strong, I don't want to move my hands. But I do. I move my hands down and start to unbutton his pants and begin to unzip them. I already feel how stiff he is and can't wait to hold it in my hands. I pull his pants down, bending down as I do so. His hard, stiff cock pops out right in front of my face. I can't help myself, I begin to lick the head. He begins to moan and asks me not to stop. I ask sit down on the edge of the bed and bring him over to me. I lick the head and the sides and then slowly take him into my mouth. He puts his hands on the back of my head, gently urging me on. He gets ready to cum and tries to pull out, but I won't let him. I drink it all, savoring the taste of him in my mouth.

Then he tells me it's my turn. He lies me down and spreads my legs. He begins to lick up the inside of my legs until he gets to the wet spot between my legs. He rubs it and tells me how much he loves that it's shaved. Then, quickly, he puts his fingers inside of me and begins to lick and suck on my lips and my clit. I am in heaven, squirming on the bed, holding his head against me, begging him not to stop. I cum almost immediately. He stays there, licking all of the juices off of me.

He then comes and lies beside me and I tell him how much I've wanted that and how good he tasted. He tells me that I tasted wonderful, so I kiss him so I can taste myself on his lips. We lie there and rub and kiss each other until he is hard again and then he climbs on top and slowly enters me. I feel him inside of me and I feel complete. He holds me tight and slowly makes love to me. I have never felt so much passion between myself and another person before. He starts to quicken the pace, so I ask him to roll over. He rolls over and pulls me on top of him. I slide him inside of me and ride him. He puts his hands on my hips and I lean forward for him to suck on my nipples as I ride him. I feel the tremors coming and he pulls me closer to him as I continue to ride him in a circular motion, feeling my clit rub against him. I cum so hard that I nearly cry. I lie there for a moment and then he rolls me over again and starts into a very fast rhythm. I feel him growing larger right before he's ready to cum. I pull him as deep inside me as I can and squeeze every drop of his cum out of him. I feel such contentment...until I remember, it's just a dream.

I hope he knows how much I think about him, how much I want to feel him inside of me. I want to give him pleasure and make him feel the way I feel when I think of these things. I want him to think about me when he's lying in bed at night, I want him to want me as much as I want him. I want to show him all the things I've dreamed of. But the question is, will he let me?