 The only benefit to getting sent to Houston for training in the middle of July, aside from the boost it could potentially give my career, was the chance to finally meet Marcie, whom I'd only known via the Internet since we'd met on a discussion board. This wasn't an Internet hook-up by any means; sure we flirted, but I was married and she was recently divorced but dating. I found her attractive and we were close in age, but I wasn't expecting anything to happen aside from some flirting and maybe concocting some wild tales to tell our other friends on the board afterward. Because I had training starting early on both Friday and Saturday mornings, but was expecting to be done around 3pm on Saturday, the plan was for Marcie to meet me at the hotel where I was staying on Saturday evening and we'd go someplace for dinner followed by some drinks.

I'd texted her my room number so that she could just come on up once she arrived so I knew the knock on the door was her. I opened the door and was pleasantly surprised by how sexy she looked in person. She was wearing a sundress that showed off her big tits without being too suggestive though I tried to keep my focus on her face. I invited her into my room and peeked at her ass as I followed her, but the dress was too loose to reveal much. When she approached my window, however, the light shone through the translucent material and gave me a good sense of her figure. She checked out the view quickly then turned back to me and opened her arms so I hugged her, feeling her tits against me and willing my cock not to rise. Backing up slightly but not releasing me, she looked into my face and told me that I was quite handsome, with a hint of surprise in her voice. I returned the compliment by telling her, sincerely, that her photos didn't do her justice and she was very pretty. It was no surprise that, after looking into each other's eyes for a few seconds, we brought our lips together and started to make out.

I stopped worrying about her feeling my stiffening cock as I reached down to grope her ass, feeling her panties through the thin material of her sundress. After a couple of minutes, I lifted her up and turned to crawl onto the bed, laying her down in the middle and supporting myself over her as we continued to make out. Feeling her wiggling below me, I thought I'd go ahead and take her panties off and fuck her. I kissed her neck a bit then sat back on my heels and started to slide the hem of her dress up her legs. Before her panties were even visible, I gave in to the urge to kiss her smooth thighs as I continued to push up her dress. Her bikini panties looked incredibly hot stretched across her hip bones so, rather than stripping them off, I pulled them aside and started to run my tongue up her pussy. She started to moan and held my head while I lapped up her juices but, before I slipped a finger into her, I decided to slide her panties off after all.

When I raised my head and started to slide the elastic straps over her hips, she lifted her ass to allow me to slide her panties off. Her bush was well-groomed and surrounded by lighter skin due to her tanlines. With her panties cast aside, I lay between her spread legs and started to lap at her slit again before sliding a finger into her hot, slippery pussy. As I started to lick and suck her clit, I slipped a second finger in along with the first. She was moaning and holding my head again while her hips were rocking rhythmically. I never would have imagined that I'd find myself in this position when I first found out I'd be in Houston and had made plans with Marcie, but I certainly wasn't complaining. I was savoring the taste of her juices and the feel of her hot, wet pussy wrapped around my fingers as I considered how awesome it was going to feel when I slipped my throbbing cock into her.

The closer she got to cumming, the more slippery her pussy was feeling and the louder her moaning was getting. Having just met her in person for the first time, I obviously was not familiar with her body and how much effort she typically required to cum, but it was clear that I was doing pretty well despite winging it. I could tell that she was not only getting very close to cumming, but also that she appeared to be experiencing abundant pleasure on her way to her orgasm. I was pleased that she was turned on enough to be on the verge so quickly, though I was by no means in any rush to be done licking her pussy. I continued to lick and suck her clit as she started to tense up and her moaning was becoming continuous. She held my head in place while forcing her pussy up against my face, even though she didn't really need to, then let out a long, low moan and went limp on the bed. Her body shook a few times so I continued to eat her until she'd gone still, then raised my head.

Her eyes were closed and her chest was heaving, but her pussy still looked inviting, so I got up onto my knees and opened my jeans. I pushed my jeans and underwear down far enough to free my rigid tool, then lowered myself over her while guiding it into her hot pussy. We both moaned as I sunk into her juicy depths, then I started kissing her again as I slid my throbbing cock in and out of her. I'd been so anxious to slide my cock into her that I hadn't thought about the fact that we were still mostly dressed; it wasn't until after I'd enjoyed the feel of her pussy wrapped around my cock for a little while that I started to think about how nice it would be to see her naked and feel her soft skin against mine. Initially, though, I just enjoyed having her tongue in my mouth and my cock probing her hot, wet pussy.

It was once I got past the initial awe of fucking Marcie that my brain came back into play and reminded me that we weren't in a rush and we weren't in the backseat of a car, so we could get undressed, change positions and really enjoy the fact that we were alone in a hotel room. I started to get up, reluctantly slipping my cock out of Marcie while telling her that we were really wearing too much clothing. I pulled my shirt off and rolled over onto my back; she'd gotten up, too, and helped me out of my jeans and underwear. Before shedding her sundress and, presumably, the bra she wore beneath it, she took my rigid cock in her hand and stroked it, then leaned down to take it into her mouth. I moaned as she slid her lips down my shaft, then back up again while gently fondling my balls.

I relished her cocksucking abilities for a few long, pleasurable minutes, then chastised her for still having too much clothing on. She released my cock and straightened up on her knees while reaching for the hem of her sundress. I watched attentively as her legs and pussy were once again exposed, followed by her abdomen and the swell of her breasts within her bra. My eyes were focused on her big tits as her head disappeared within her sundress then reappeared as she cast it aside. She smiled at my attentiveness as she reached back to unfasten her bra and it went slack. She pulled the straps slowly down her arms, gradually revealing her succulent tits, which proved to be topped by large, pink areolas and thick, hard nipples. She teased me by massaging them after she'd discarded her bra, but my hands were on them as soon as she started to straddle me.

She guided my cock back into her hot, wet pussy and lowered herself until it was completely embedded while I fondled her tits. We were both moaning as she started to slowly ride me, she with her eyes closed but me with my eyes checking out her trim bush, her tanlines and her succulent tits as my hands caressed them. It still felt totally surreal that I was seeing her naked, much less fucking her, so I was relishing the opportunity that had presented itself. Her pussy felt fantastic, so slippery and hot, as she gyrated on top of me, gradually picking up her pace the longer she went on. Her tits, which I'd seen in some low-cut or tight tops in photos that she'd posted on the discussion board, were such a treat to have in my hands but I also hoped for the opportunity to lick and suck her hard nipples and maybe even to fuck her cleavage. As she rode me harder and faster, she ended up leaning forward and supporting herself with her hands planted on either side of my head. This put her tits close enough to my head that I was able to indulge my desire to taste her nipples.

I continued to hold them so that they weren't swinging wildly as she fucked me harder but, when she seemed to be getting closer to cumming, I reached around to hold her ass so I could pull her down as I pushed up into her. I watched her swinging tits as I fucked her as hard as she was fucking me and she started to get even noisier. Her pussy seemed to be getting even wetter as she got louder and fucked me harder but I still didn't think I'd be able to cum simultaneously with her. I realized I was absolutely right about that when she slammed herself down and started to shudder, letting out a long, low moan. I moved my hands back up to play with her tits some more as she rode out her orgasm, but when she opened her eyes and looked down at me again, she asked if I wanted to do her from behind. I smiled and nodded, so she moved off next to me, staying on her knees. I got up and knelt behind her, admiring her ass before running my hands over it, then taking my tool in hand again and guiding it back into her juicy pussy.

We both moaned again as my hips touched her ass and I started to slide my cock in and out of her, holding her by the hips. Her head was down on the bedspread and it looked like she had reached back between her legs, probably to stroke her clit as I fucked her. I slipped my hands around to fondle her tits some more as I humped against her ass, feeling the first stirrings of my own orgasm. She'd cum twice already so I didn't feel like I needed to hold out for her if she was in pursuit of a third orgasm, but I wasn't sure that I wanted to cum in this position, either. Her tits had really enraptured me and, as I hefted their weight while fucking her, I was thinking how nice it would feel to slip my cock between them. Her mouth had also felt pretty good during the brief time that she'd had it wrapped around my cock, so I was also thinking about slipping back in there. For the moment, though, I contented myself with the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool and the soft flesh of her tits against my palms.

It was once my orgasm was starting to build up in earnest that I decided I was going to fuck her tits, so I slipped out of her and had her roll onto her back. Straddling her, I laid my cock between her tits and squeezed them around it. While I started sliding my cock between them, she reached around to grip my ass and watched the head of my cock as it repeatedly appeared and disappeared. The soft, warm flesh felt outstanding and I could feel my orgasm continuing to slowly build as I gazed down at Marcie's tits, still captivated by them. Once I was right on the verge of spilling my seed onto her sternum, I released her tits and moved forward, guiding my tool toward her lips. She opened her mouth to accept it and closed her lips tightly around it as I started to fuck her mouth. She wrapped a hand around the base and pumped it as she sucked while her other hand gently caressed my swinging balls.

My cock swelled even more as I was right on the brink of cumming then, with a grunt, I started to spew into her mouth. She swallowed hungrily without ever releasing my cock, continuing to pump it as though to milk out every drop into her mouth. She only let go once I was spent and had started moving off of her. I lay beside her and, not surprisingly, continued to caress her tits as we talked while we recovered. We decided to go grab a bite to eat and have some drinks, but definitely planned on having her stay the night with me to further experience each other.