 "How had I ended up here?" John thought to himself.

He gazed down at the willowy redhead writhing underneath him in ecstasy. The ring on his right hand glimmered in the sun's rays passing through the apartment window and his hand held her hip firmly as he thrust his full length into her welcoming opening. Her long slender legs were wrapped around his back, pulling him as deeply inside her as she could. Her scarlet nails gently raked down his chest. Her rings shining, the diamond engagement ring glinting in the sunlight. He looked down the breathless redhead as he fucked her. God, she was tighter than his wife.

He towered over her, his lean frame rocking back and forth as he fucked her with his entire length. His bare cock pushing her lips apart and sinking deep into her hot, wet pussy. The thought of how he treated his wife in comparison made her lips quiver and her pussy wet. The taste of his cock was still fresh in her mouth. She never thought she'd enjoy being a mistress, but here she was. Lying in her marital bed with John fucking her bare and it made her even hotter. She tightened her pussy around his cock making him groan as he fucked her. She wondered something wicked, how would his cum feel inside her fertile cunt?

John felt his climax building, he knew he could cum inside Susan. She wasn't going tell him to pull out. She'd fuck Michael tonight, if it meant that he thought it was his. He knew he wouldn't pull out with this in mind. He thought of her toned stomach swelling with life growing inside it. He thrust harder, willing her to be ready to take it.

"Do it." Susan gasped. "Shoot every last drop of your hot, thick, white seed into my womb." John thought of Clare at home, yet continued to fuck Susan. The first time there had been tentative guilt after, but it was long gone. Susan was honestly better than his wife in almost every way. Her pale, soft skin, her long red hair, the curves of her body, her full breasts, tight ass and phenomenal cunt.

But it was her green-grey eyes. They spoke of the pleasure she felt as he fucked her. The night of unforgettable passion promised in them, the night he first took her in this apartment, on that rainy night not so long ago. He felt a passion for her he hadn't felt for his wife in a while. But honestly, the idea of her husband and his wife unaware of their adulterous passion turned him on more than he'd like to admit. And though she hadn't said it, she knew it was the same for her. With that thought, he came hard. 

Susan felt the inside of her pussy being coated with John's seed. It felt so amazingly right, despite it being so wrong. She smirked to herself and lay in John's arms, both basking in the bliss.

"I won't be able to stay long I presume." John commented.

"Well, if you have to go then sure, but Michael is away for another day..." Susan whispered in his ear and ran her hand up the inside of his thigh.

"Well, Clare is going to the airport later and I best see her off." John replied reluctantly.

"Call her and let her know you'll be home in an hour, I think I'd best pick out some clothes for today." Susan said. She kissed John deeply and got out of bed. She crossed from the dishevelled bed to her walk-in wardrobe, while John took out his phone and dialled his wife.

He had his eyes closed calling her, he knew if he kept them open he'd look at Susan and lose track of the conversation. He heard her pick up and knew he was fine.

"Hey hon." Clare answered.

"Hey, I'm nearly done here. I should be back in about an hour." John replied.

"Great, I'm looking forward to seeing you before I go." Clare said.

John was about to reply, but felt a surprising sensation, so instead he opened his eyes. 

He looked down to see Susan's green eyes looking up at his innocently. Her cheeks were caved in and her lips were wrapped around the base of his shaft. The entirety of his length was in her mouth and entering her throat, it felt amazing.

She gradually withdrew, her lips sending tingling sensations up his length. Before she had removed his cock from her mouth, John with his free hand held the back of her head steady. She winked at him playfully and took his length into her mouth again. He struggled to keep the gasp from his voice when he answered his wife. 

"I'm looking forward to it too." John said. Susan ran her tongue along the underside of his shaft, which caused John to lose track of the conversation for a moment.

"Honey, I know you did this already, but work has me so frazzled. Can you run through your itinerary one more time? Just so I don't forget." John asked as innocently as he could, considering he had one of his closest friends giving him an exquisite blowjob.

"Ok." Clare answered obliviously. John put the phone on speaker and pressed mute. He put the phone beside him on the bed where he had fucked Susan moments ago.

He let out a groan and gripped Susan's hair as she deepthroated him. She started making soft moaning noises as she blew him. As they knew the mute was on, there wasn't the same concern for quietness. Yet, they both found it more intense as they could hear Clare talking in the background.

"Christ, you could definitely teach her how to do this." John said breathlessly. Susan stopped for a moment and grinned at him. "I could? No. I prefer being the only one who satisfies you. Also, I do not do this for Michael, so it's our bit of fun." John groaned at this. "Not yet." Susan chided him.

John realised Clare had finished speaking and grabbed his phone. Just as he clicked unmute, Susan took him inside her mouth again. "Ok, thanks." John said. Susan started using her fingertips to run up and down his slick wet cock. He could feel himself close and didn't trust his voice.

"Clare, just one sec." John said and looked deep into Susan's eyes. She took in his length as he came. His cum flowed down her throat and filled her mouth.

"Yeah, honey." John said breathlessly between shots. "I've gotten off, from work. I'll be home soon." Susan removed his cock from her mouth, a single drop of cum rolling down her chin, from the edge of her smirk. He hung up the phone and sighed.

"Hmmm, that was good." Susan purred. "Next time you should call her before you cum inside me." she continued. 

She stood up and walked towards the kitchen, her black and white skirt swaying with her hips. 

"You better shower, you want coffee?" Susan called from the kitchen.

'Christ, I married the wrong woman.' John thought to himself. He paused at this, 'Well maybe not, the sex is pretty incredible like this.' John thought.

He took a quick shower to wash Susan off him before he went to see his wife. He left the bathroom and walked into the kitchen. She was dressed like a domestic daydream. White blouse, black and white checker skirt, thigh high black stockings and black Converse. She strolled over to him and handed him a cup of coffee. She kissed him passionately, no trace of his cum in her taste, only coffee.

"Thanks." John said. 

She looked him over. "You certainly don't look like you've been pleasuring a married woman in her bed for the morning." Susan remarked cutely. 

"Well, that is the intended effect." John replied wryly, sipping his coffee.

"She's getting her taxi at 3?" Susan asked him.

"She told us, I guess you didn't pay attention to her call." John joked.

"Oh no, I guess I was too busy blowing her husband and couldn't hear her over his groans." Susan retorted smartly.

"Sorry, I won't do it again." John replied insincerely. 

"Yeah, 3." John continued. 

"So, I'll see you at 4 then?" Susan asked. 

"Sure, don't bring too much stuff." John warned.

"I won't, I'm only taking over for a day I suppose." Susan commented. 

"Got to go, see you then." John said and took her in his arms. They kissed deeply, only the thought of uninterrupted adultery later kept them from returning to the bedroom.

He left shortly after.