 John woke the next morning with Emma lying beside him. 

He looked at his phone. It was 10:04, still early. 

John realised he had nothing urgent, so he slid his left hand under the sheets. 

He ran his fingers gently down Emma's naked body. He had his fingers just above her shaved pussy. 

Emma hadn't woken. John eased his fingers between her lips and started stroking her clit. 

She shifted, but still seemed asleep. He gently increased the speed and she became wetter. 

He removed his hand and peeled back the sheets, revealing her toned body. He manoeuvred himself until he was level with her mound. 

He carefully lifted her legs onto his shoulders, elevating her wet, hot pussy. He placed his lips on hers and started eating her out. 

Emma was having a steamy dream, she could feel fingers in her cunt, pleasuring her adeptly. 

After a few moments, she no longer felt the fingers, her legs were lifted slightly and then she felt a tongue inside her. 

She sighed in appreciation. She knew that he wasn't Gavin, her boyfriend. 

She was surprised at this revelation. The fact it wasn't her boyfriend turned her on. She had never cheated before and she was surprised to realise a few things. 

One. She didn't feel bad, in fact she felt amazingly turned on, because of how wrong it was. 

Two. She knew that she wouldn't break up with him. 

Three. She was going to do this again, because she enjoyed it. 

Four. She'd have to be smart, so he didn't find out about her new taste for different partners. 

She opened her eyes to see John between her legs eating her out, bliss.

"Well, you certainly know how to wake a guest up." Emma complimented him. 

John stopped and looked up at her. "Will I continue?" he asked. 

Emma glanced at the clock and thought for a moment. "I'm meeting my boyfriend in half an hour. So, you better get to the main act." she said. 

John rose, lifting her legs up, giving unrestricted access to her cunt. He lined up his cock with her cunt and thrust inside. 

He reached half-length before her tightness halted him. She gasped, John with each thrust burrowed deeper into her cunt. 

He fucked her and she sighed with each thrust. 

"I used to be good." Emma purred as her fucked her. "But now, I think I'm pretty bad." 

"You are still good." John assured her. 

"You're only bad with me." he said, leaning over to kiss her and she wrapped her long legs around him, pulling him closer. 

"You're right. I better call my boyfriend and say I'll be late." Emma said, dialling his number. 

John had thrust up to the hilt inside her and was using his full length now. 

"Hey, I'm running a bit late. I'm sorry." she said breathlessly. 

"Are you ok?" Gavin asked, Emma bit her lip as John teased her with his member. 

"Yeah, I'm just nearly finished up here, I just need to fill up before I can leave." she winked at John, then stifled a moan.

"Look, I'd better go. I'll get there as soon as I can." Emma said, feeling her climax coming. 

"Sure, I'll see you soon. Love you." Gavin said over the phone. 

Emma looked up at John. He was fucking her deeper than she ever had been. 

His rings were cold on her hip as he held her in place, to best take her. 

"Love you too." Emma breathed, feeling her orgasm about to wash over her. She hung up and came. 

She cried out and her pussy flooded with cum. John thrust inside her and grunted. 

She felt her cunt flood with his seed. She knew she'd keep fucking him, the fact he was married made it intoxicating to her. 

He rolled off her and lay panting. 

"I better go" Emma said, and got up. John lay there looking up and down her tight figure. 

She dressed into her outfit from last night and walked over to him. 

"Message me when you want to do this again" she said and kissed him. 

She walked out of the room and John lay back. 

'Now I have two different women to keep from Clare. Things have gotten interesting...'