 John looked at Susan across the table. 

She looked at him quickly, glancing away before Michael, her husband noticed. Clare was equally oblivious to the glances between John and Susan. 

They all made small talk about work as they waited for the main course to arrive. 

Susan was quietly stunning to John. Her hair was hanging loose in scarlet tresses and her makeup showed the vibrancy in her hair and extenuated her fine features. Her eyes were captivating, drawing him in. 

He had known Susan for years and though he always considered her attractive, he had felt a chemistry between them in recent weeks that was electric. 

"Honey, are you alright?" Michael asked Susan. 

She had been uncharacteristically quiet. 

She had been stealing looks at John all evening. 

She didn't know what had gotten into her. His eyes that before were kind and insightful, now she wanted to see in the throes of pleasure. She thought about him leaning down to kiss her and his lean arms wrapping around her. 

"I'm feeling a bit off, but I'll be fine" Susan lied.

The food arrived before Michael could enquire further. 

As they began eating, Michael's phone rang. 

"Sorry guys." Michael apologised and answered it.

He stood up from the table and took a few steps away to take the call. 

"Enjoying the food?" Clare said to John. 

"Yeah, you?" John said, trying not to look at Susan.

"Mmhmm." Clare agreed. "What about you, Susan?" Clare asked. 

Susan looked up from her food, cheeks flush and eyes firmly on Clare, trying not to look at John. 

Her flush cheeks and expression curiously excited John.

"Actually, I'm not feeling well. I think I may just call it a night." Susan apologised. 

Michael came back to the table and looked at his wife.

"Sue, are you alright?" Michael asked.

"She's not feeling well." Clare answered.

"I just got a call from the office. They need me in." Michael explained. 

"John can take her home." Clare volunteered.

Susan's eyes widened with alarm, which Clare and Michael didn't notice as they were looking at John expectantly. 

Noticing Susan's demeanour, John was reluctant, but he knew he couldn't come up with a reasonable excuse.

"Sure I can do that." John said. Susan looked at him pointedly. 

"Thanks John." Michael said and kissed Susan on the brow. 

"I'll see you later tonight. Feel better." Michael said and promptly left. 

"You better get her home. I'll get this bagged up and see you later." Clare said and pecked John on the cheek.

John got up and ushered Susan towards the door. He helped her with her black overcoat and got a waft of her perfume. 

His eyes lingered on the pale nape of her neck and wondered for a moment. 

He shook his head to banish the thought as Susan turned to look at him. 

They left wordlessly and flagged a taxi.

One pulled up and John held the door for her. She got in wordlessly and John followed.

They sat in tense silence for the entire trip, both aware of the unspoken issue.

They arrived at Susan and Michael's apartment building as the rain began to drum off the taxi's roof. 

John took off his coat and held it over Susan as they got out and dashed for the door.

Susan fumbled for her keys and John looked at her in the red halogen light from the streetlamp above. 

Her red hair reflected the light above and her pale skin contrasted it so well. John felt his mind wander again as Susan opened the door and they rushed inside. 

John pressed the button and they rode the elevator up.

They got out after a moment and arrived at the door of Susan's apartment.

"John. I'm fine from here." Susan murmured as she opened the door, she had a huskiness John hadn't heard before.

John didn't reply but gestured her in and followed after without thinking. 

Susan didn't stop him and threw her keys on the counter. 

John took her coat and his eyes followed the curve of her back in the black dress she was wearing. 

He felt something in his trousers stir, so he hung up her coat and moved towards the door.

"John." Susan said when she noticed him move.

John turned back and looked at her. 

She was beautiful. Her full red hair hanging loose and slightly tousled from their dash in the rain. Her eyes were enthralling, with just the right amount of makeup. Drawing his eye to her eyes, cheeks and lips. John looked at her pale neck hungrily before his eyes drifted to her breasts. They were 32C and firm, rising and falling with her breathing. His gaze passed her deep curves and flat, toned stomach which the tight dress highlighted. Finally, his eyes passed the hem of her dress and followed her long, slender legs, which in the black tights seemed to stretch on and on to her feet in stylish, black, high heels.

Susan could see John look down her with a expression she had seen before, but never on John when he looked at her. She looked at his thick brown hair, his captivating eyes, and strong, compassionate features. Her eyes followed from his chin to his tailored suit jacket, shirt and tie which were moulded to his lean, wiry frame. He wasn't bulky, but she could tell he was toned and in good shape. Her gaze wandered to his waist and she was fairly certain, based on the fit of his trousers he was not in any way lacking. 

They were both aware of what just happened and looked at each other with unconvinced shock. 

They both knew whoever moved would determine what happened next. 

They both nearly jumped when John's phone went off. 

John checked it and it read.

'Hey. Maybe stick around with Susan for a bit, she seemed really off earlier and I'm concerned about her." Clare's text read.

John hesitated for a moment, but turned to leave. His hand had just rested on the door handle before he heard the click of high heels on the wooden floor and he felt Susan's hand on his shoulder.

He looked back and her face was twisted with emotion. He could see the indecision in her expression, suggesting regret at what she did. 

Her eyes widened in surprise when John removed his hand from the handle of the door. He slowly turned and rested his right hand on her hip.

"Clare said I should maybe stay here with you, as you seemed off earlier." John said, hoarse with emotion.

Susan smiled despite herself and felt a heat blossom in her chest. "Yeah. I'd appreciate if you were here until I felt a bit more like myself." Susan murmured huskily, resting her hand on his chest.

John pulled her into an embrace, in the high heels her chin rested on his shoulder. His right arm snaked around the small of her back and his left hand rested on the centre of her back. Her hands were placed similarly.

Susan leaned into him, pressing her waist forward. She felt his right hand drift to her ass and grip. She bit her lip as she felt him stiffen and it pressed into her. She let her own hand drift to and grip his tight ass. Her other hand ran down his side to his waist. 

Her conscience was yelling about Michael, but it was drowned out when she stepped back and her hand traced John's belt and gripped his cock through his trousers. John looked at her with a lustful expression and she felt the hand on her back move to the back of her neck. He pulled her toward him and before their lips met, she opened her mouth.

Their tongues met as their mouths did. They kissed with the frenzy of teenagers. John no longer heard his indignant conscience as he tasted Susan for the first time. 

He hadn't realised how he had wanted her before, but now that they were here, John knew that there was no turning back.

Susan felt her delicate fingers undo John's belt and she could feel herself becoming wet with anticipation.

Her eyes were closed, savouring every moment of John's tongue in her mouth and his hand drifting up the outside of her leg. She registered John's wedding band, cool against the skin of her thigh, but instead of guilt, she felt her pussy tingle and her lip curl into a smirk.

John felt suspenders linking her stockings to her underwear, which felt exquisite. Her hands were deep into his trousers, tracing his cock through his boxers. He broke the kiss they were sharing and kissed the nape of her neck. Susan gasped at that and her hands froze for a moment. John ran his hand towards the inside of her thigh and up between her legs.

"John." Susan whispered. 

"Yes?" John said innocently, as his fingers brushed her dampness and kissed her neck.

"Follow me." Susan said with a mischievous smirk. John felt himself rock hard in her hands as she led him through the apartment. 

John followed her in a daze. She was one of his oldest and closest friends and here they were.

They entered into the spacious bedroom and John took her in his arms. 

He pulled the dress up over her waist, revealing lace black panties. He kissed her roughly and knelt in front of her. He locked eyes with her and pulled her panties down, revealing her smooth, wet pussy. She gasped with pleasure as John pulled her towards him and kissed her pussy deeply. 

She was practically dripping wet when John grabbed her by the ass and pulled towards him. Her eyelids fluttered when he placed his lips on hers. She shuddered as he slowly thrust his tongue inside her.

"Fuck." Susan groaned as he began to lap up her juices and lick her clit. Her hands came to the back of his head and she pulled him into her. 

John felt a surge of pride as Susan's hands pulled him towards her pussy. He could tell she was close, and resolved to make her cum. He started altering his technique until he found her favourites. He then switched between them, eliciting more cursing and moaning. 

Susan felt incredible, he was pleasuring better than she ever had been. "John. I'm about to-" Susan began before she came. She moaned loudly and felt her legs tremble with exertion. She felt her pussy flood and John set to lapping it all up.

She fell back on the bed and writhed in ecstasy. She was vaguely aware of John's hands finding the zip on her back and peeling the dress off her. She opened her eyes and knew what she needed.

She set to undoing his shirt buttons as he unclasped her bra. She ran her hands up his toned chest as he massaged her breasts. John gripped one of her hands and guided it to between her legs. Her fingers eased her lips apart and she collected a trail of her cum on her index finger.

John practically tore his shirt and trousers off. She looked at him in full. He was exactly as she guessed. Lean and toned with everything in perfect proportion for a man of 6'5". 

She looked John in the eye and put her cum covered finger in her mouth. She didn't know what came over her. She had never tasted herself before, but in the moment it felt natural and she felt even more aroused. 

John looked down at her and his cock that pointed at her pussy. He looked up at Susan, flush with lust and passion. 

John was standing over her, his rigid cock pointing at her pussy expectantly. He was stood in tense anticipation. Susan thought for a moment, before she stretched her long slender legs out behind John and folded them towards her.

John felt Susan's legs nudge him towards her. He looked at her expression of blatant want and stepped closer. Their eyes never left each other as he guided his bare cock to her lips. He paused for a moment and then slowly pushed his length inside her velvety warmth. 

Susan gasped as he entered her, he fit inside her perfectly, pushing out against her tightness and thrusting inside her well lubricated pussy. 

John groaned as he buried his cock into her pussy. She was tight and fit him like a glove. 

He had never felt a pussy as warm, wet and tight as Susan's. 

He was inside her up to the hilt as she felt him reach the deepest parts of her. He withdrew blissfully slow, each moment was sinful pleasure for both of them. He had his cockhead just inside her and then he thrust in again. She gasped as he filled her and her legs wrapped around him, pulling him in with each thrust.

Any and all conscience had been overridden as they began fucking with abandon. John relished each time he claimed her cunt and Susan savoured each time she took his entire length. 

Susan realised she'd probably keep going, even if Michael arrived home and she had no doubt from the look on John's face, his resolve was the same. She could feel her orgasm coming again.

"Susan. I'm really close." John grunted. 

"Good, I want to feel your cum run down my throat." Susan confessed. 

John reluctantly pulled out of her and she knelt in front of him. She opened her mouth and eased his cock between her lips. She enjoyed the taste of his precum mixing with her cum. She took his entire length into her mouth and throat. 

She began sucking his cock and working his shaft with her hands. John felt an illicit thrill as her rings ran along his slick length. 

Then he felt something incredible. 

He looked down to see Susan grinning, as she was ran her diamond engagement ring along the underside of his cock. Michael has bought her a ring with a diamond large enough that it was flat on the top. It glided up John's cock, sending shivers up his spine. 

"Susan." John gasped as she sealed her lips around his cock and he came in her mouth. 

He saw stars behind his eyes as he fired his large load into her mouth. His thick, white seed flowed down Susan's throat. 

He finished and fell onto the bed. 

"Well that was incredible." John remarked breathlessly. 

"Yeah." Susan agreed and lay down beside him. 

"We may need to be a bit more prepared next time." John said. 

"Yeah, we are definitely doing that again." Susan replied. 

The two of them looked at each other.

"As long as they don't find out." John said. 

"It's fine, we're just close friends to them." Susan reassured him. 

They both looked up at the ceiling and each thought. 

'How had I ended up here.'