 I was born and raised in England. I lived there for nearly twenty years. I loved living there and still miss it; my small hometown of Warwick, my friends and even the weather, since I hate it to be too warm. So when I moved to America I had to change everything; new climate, new way of living, new house, new university. It was just like starting my life over again. I really didn’t like it, but with my parents getting new jobs here, I could have either stayed in England and more or less have been in financial ruin, or move and be financially stable. It was a close call.

The part I was dreading was starting a new university. I had been at uni for two years in England and was very settled there. Continuing the course in a new uni seemed like a bad idea. I don’t know why I didn’t just start all over again. I knew I was in for a nightmare ride.

The first thing they did when I started my new university was make me live in the dorms for the first year. They made me live with all the freshmen. Absolutely no-one my age and no-one that would be on my course at my level. No-one to help me out to start with in terms of getting to lectures on time and in the right place. I kept telling myself not to panic. At least I had a roommate, a quite decent guy too. A freshman of course, but a cool guy, called Jay. He at least directed me where to go for lectures. Things were starting to look up slightly.

After a few weeks I had settled in. Jay and I were great mates. I had made friends with people along the corridor, and people on my course who were my age. I got familiar with the campus and things were okay. That is until one day, when I was running late. I was literally running to my lecture. I had barely made it out of my dorm when I crashed into someone. Books went everywhere. I fell down to the floor, as did the person I crashed into. I looked over to see who it was. It was a girl I’d seen along the corridor from time to time. I didn’t know her name, but I knew her face. She had a really cute round face with pretty brown eyes. She had brown hair which came down to her shoulders. I hurried to pick my books up and sprang to my feet. I apologised and offered the girl a hand in getting up. She took it, but then said, “Watch where you’re going, asshole,” before reaching for her books. I had no time to be offended. I apologised again and rushed off to my lecture.

I think I broke the land speed record, but I got to my lecture only two minutes late. Throughout the whole lecture I did two things; try to get my breath back and start to think about the girl I bumped into. It started to hit home that a lovely girl had just called me an asshole. However, that thought faded and I started to think of the girl herself. I wanted to know her, I wanted to be with her, hell, I just wanted her. Then I realised I had probably ruined any chance of getting with her. As I was brought back to reality, I opened one of my books and saw that it wasn’t mine. It had nothing to do with my course at all. It dawned on me that I had picked up one of the girl’s books by mistake. I had to return it. At least I would get to see her again.

After the lecture I went straight back to my dorm. Jay was in so I asked him if he knew the girl I had bumped into after I described her to him. He said he knew her name was Jody and that most people called her Jo, but that was about it. From another friend, I found out her dorm number. It took a while to force up the courage, but I finally decided to return the book. I knocked on her door and she answered.

“Hi, I think this is yours,” I said, handing her the book.

“Thanks,” she said, taking it from me, but then she closed the door right in my face. It was then that I knew I had ruined my chances, but I still wanted her

Over the next few days, I always took my time when walking down our corridor, hoping to catch a glimpse of Jo. I did a few times, but we never spoke, or even made eye contact. Yet each time I saw her I knew she had to be mine. I wanted her so badly now. I knew I had to say something to change things. I decide the next time I saw her I would clear the air.

And so it was, two days later, I saw her heading to her room. I cleared my throat and hurried up to her. I caught her as she began to unlock her door.

“You’ve such a beautiful face, I wish I could see it smile,” I said. Yes, I know it’s cheesy, but it was all I could think of. Jo looked at me and smiled. Her smile was beautiful. Her face seemed to glow when she did. It brought out ever so slight, but really cute dimples in her cheeks. I felt myself melt a bit inside. She didn’t say anything, but unlocked her door and went in. I decided to risk it and followed her inside. She didn’t stop me. She sat on her bed, still saying nothing. She looked at me, still with that beautiful smile. I decided to move and sit next to her. Her hair was slightly covering her face. I reached up and gently brushed it behind her ear.

“You should make sure you keep your hair away from your face, it hides your beauty,” I said. What I was saying was enough to make me puke, but it seemed to be working. I knew I wanted to make her feel special. I wanted to tell her what I thought, but surely I could be more original. She stood up.

“Want a drink?” she asked.

“Great,” I replied, “just a Coke will do me.” She got the drink, and then sat down beside me. “I’m sorry we got off on the wrong foot. I didn’t mean to be such a jerk, I was in such a hurry,” I explained.

“Forget it,” she said, “it’s history now. I can tell you’re a nice guy really.” She edged closer to me. “A really nice guy,” she added. She looked into my eyes and I looked back. That’s when something clicked. I don’t know what, but we both felt it. I pushed her hair behind her ear again, but this time I let my hand carry on down her neck and rested it on her shoulder. We kept staring into each other’s eyes. Slowly, our lips moved closer to each other’s. They touched gently in a short, sensuous kiss. It lasted merely seconds, but her soft lips touching mine made it feel as if it lasted hours. No sooner had that kiss broken, then we kissed again, only this time our lips were locked. We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed with passion. There were no tongues, but there didn’t need to be. This kiss was one from heaven. It was gentle, but as if we both needed it so much. When we finally broke free of each other, I reached for the base of the t-shirt she was wearing and started to pull it up. She did not resist. Suddenly, the door started to open. I let go of her shirt and it fell back down. Jo’s roommate walked in and made straight for her bed, she looked shattered.

“Hope I didn’t interrupt anything,” she said as she collapsed on her bed, face down into her pillow.

“Damn it,” I thought.

“Sorry,” Jo mouthed to me before giving me a quick kiss and whispered into my ear “sometime maybe,” and smiled at me. I left the dorm, looking back at Jo as I went through the door. She winked back at me.

I was so gutted. I had got so close. I knew I needed to go that one step further. It seemed ages until I saw her again, but it was probably just the following day. We kept meeting in the corridor by coincidence. Each time, I tried to kiss her, but she cut me off.

“Not here,” she would say. Every time I knew I had my dorm to myself for a while I would try to get her into my room, but she would always resist. Her excuses would be that she wasn’t ready, or it wasn’t right, or that she had things to do. All these things got me frustrated, but I now wanted her so much more.

As it got closer to the Christmas break, she continued to refuse to let me touch her. On the last day before I went home for the holidays I didn’t see her at all. That night, I lay on my bed alone in my dorm. Jay had gone home already. I felt really down. Then there was a knock on the door.

“It’s open,” I called out. The door opened and Jo came in, closing and locking the door behind her. She looked stunning. She wore a silk blouse over a short black skirt. What she wore really enhanced her curvy figure. She walked up to me on the bed and sat next to me as I sat upright.

“I want you,” she said, and gave me a long, passionate kiss. Our lips locked once more. The passion was intense, but the kiss was soft and sensual. This time she pushed her tongue into my mouth, and I massaged it with my tongue. The kiss seemed to last forever, but it finally broke. She reached for my shirt and pulled it over my head. Her hand gently glided over my torso. I reached for her blouse and unbuttoned it before letting it fall to the ground. Underneath she wore a lacey black bra which showed off her full, 38D breasts. She stood up and let me pull down her skirt slowly to reveal a park of black panties to match her bra. For the first time I could appreciate her gorgeous body. She was very rounded and beautifully curvaceous. She wasn’t slim, but had absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. With me I could tell she was very confident with her body, as she should be.

She moved over to me and unzipped my jeans before slowly sliding them off. I now wore no more than my boxers in which a huge bulge had appeared. She then reached behind her and unclasped her bra, before letting it slide off her arms to the floor. Her breasts were amazing. Full with large areolas and small, perky nipples. I stood up and let my hands lightly touch her breasts. I slowly and gently rubbed them before planting a soft kiss on her right nipple, then her left. A soft moan escaped her lips and she closed her eyes. I carried on kissing her breasts softly, listening to her moans. Her nipples became hard, so I began to suck on them. Jo breathed in sharply as I did. I sucked gently at first but, started sucking harder. I could tell she was really enjoying this as she stood there moaning. Her moans were quite high pitched. As I carried on kissing her breasts and sucking her nipples, I slipped my thumbs into the waistline of her panties. Slowly I pulled them down and they fell to the floor. I let my hands rest on her hips as I continued to focus on her breasts. My hands started to rub slowly up and down her thighs and her full, round shapely ass. Still sucking her nipples, I lifted her up and sat her down on the bed. I made her lean back, resting on her elbows. Then I started to lower my kisses down her body. I kissed the base of her breasts; right below the nipples, then just under her breasts, then I gently trailed my tongue down her body to her naval. I swirled my tongue around it before going lower still. Eventually I reached her smooth shaven pussy. I parted her legs and started to kiss just above her clitoris. Then I kissed down to the right of her opening and began kissing her right inner thigh. Then I kissed her left inner thigh and back up the left of her slit. I made absolute care I was really teasing her and did not touch her pussy’s voluptuous lips. Jo started to buck her hips and push her cunt closer to my face.

“Please,” she begged, “eat my pussy. Lick me. Eat me.” I opened her pussy and gave her what she wanted. I pushed my tongue in side her gently and started to lick her out. I tickled the inside of her pussy with my tongue. She was drenched and tasted so sweet. She started to let out several loud, high pitched moans. I thrust my tongue in and out of her slowly at first but then picking up a rhythm. Every no and again I’d hold my tongue inside her and lick her inside. Her hips started bucking as he laid back and moaned. Her moans were getting loader. I slowly slipped in a finger, then a second. This made Jo let out a huge scream of ecstasy.

“Oh yes, finger fuck me! Push them in!” she screamed at me. As I did I started to lick her clitoris with the tip of my tongue. I made sure the touch was feather-light, but it immediately sent a jolt of pleasure through her body. She bucked her hips even more as if trying to fuck my face. As I carried on thrusting my fingers into her, I started to lick and suck on her clit. Jo started to play with her nipples. She rubbed and rolled them in her fingers as she squeezed her tits together. I continued to suck her clit and pushed a third finger inside her hot, wet pussy. Now she was screaming so loud and very high pitched. She was thrusting her hips against my finger so hard. She had reached orgasm. I carried on working at her with my mouth and fingers as she came hard. She was so wet and it tasted so good. Her pussy seemed to be gushing. She moaned and screamed as she kept cumming. Finally she gave one last high pitched moan and settled back down on the bed. She seemed very relaxed. I removed my fingers from her dripping vagina and stopped nibbling at her clit. I lay beside her and moved my fingers to her mouth and she began to suck them hungrily, tasting her own juices. She licked my fingers clean before sitting upright. She slid onto her knees on the floor. She pulled off my boxers and my rock hard cock sprang out. She wrapped her hand around its thickness and kissed the tip of my bell-end. She gently rubbed my seven inches before starting to lick all the way from the base to the tip. She began licking it like a melting ice lolly. Then she let her soft lips glide over the head of my cock and down my shaft. She started to slowly suck my pulsing member. Slowly she moved her mouth up and down on my throbbing cock, but soon began to pick up rhythm. She started sucking harder and faster, very focused. Every so often, she would stop sucking and rub my cock, jerking me off, but never hard enough to make be cum, or sometimes bringing me close to cumming, but then easing off so I didn’t.

“Please, suck me, make me cum,” I begged her. She kept bringing me close to ejaculation, before relaxing slightly. It was teasing me so much, I wanted to cum so badly. Pre-cum was oozing out of my cock into her mouth. Whenever it did, she would let it gather on her tongue and use it to moisten my cock even more my licking it onto my shaft. Finally, she knew I was at breaking point. She started sucking me deep, hard and fast, and didn’t stop at all. I began to gush my load all down her throat. I had never cum so much. Jo just carried on sucking my cock, swallowing all that I had to give her. I came in huge spurts as it flowed into her mouth. She took every last drop and didn’t stop. As I stopped cumming and my cock began to soften, she removed her mouth. My cock glistened from a mixture of her saliva and my cum. She swallowed anything she had left in her mouth and smiled at me. She kept rubbing my cock and laid down beside me. I gently stroked her tits and began to kiss them softly again.

After a while of simply playing with each other, my cock seemed to begin to come back to life. It soon became just as hard as it did before. I got up of the bed and offered my hand to Jo. I pulled her up into my arms.

“Ready for this?” I whispered. She nodded. I turned her around and leaned her forward over the bed. Placing my hands on her hips, I positioned my cock by her open, wet pussy. Slowly I began to ease myself into her from behind. My cock slid into her with ease. Soon my cock had filled her pussy, and her pussy engulfed my hard cock. She let out a long sigh of pleasure as I entered her. Slowly I began to pull myself out of her, letting my full length glide along her juicy pussy walls. I pulled myself out about two thirds, before pushing myself all the way back in. I carried on at a gentle pace. Each time I completely filled her, she let out a short moan of satisfaction as her hungry cunt gripped my solid shaft. Jo grasped the bed sheets tight as I began to thrust harder into her from behind. I pumped myself deeper and faster into her. She was moaning louder now, as high pitched as before. As I continued to work at her, I reached forward and began to play with her breasts. I squeezed and rubbed them gently, before playing with her erect nipples. I gently brushed my finger tips over the tips of her nipples, making her give a sudden gasp. Then I began to rub her nipples in between my fingers and gently pinch them. All this time I was still working my cock in and out of her wet pussy. I was now really pumping in and out of her, making sure I went all the way inside her with each thrust. As I continued to fuck her from behind and play with the nipples, Jo reached back and began rubbing her clit. This was becoming too much for her. She was moaning so load. Her moans were like music to me.

“Oh God, yes! Fuck me baby! I’m gonna cum!” She was really screaming at me. I wasn’t caring if anyone was listening from outside. I just kept working as her pussy really gripped me tight. Her moans were so full of pleasure. She was in ecstasy. As she came, I tried to hold it in. I didn’t want to cum just yet. I kept thrusting and toying with her nipples and she continued to rub herself. I tensed up my cock, holding in my cum, and barely managed it. As she finally came down from climax, I removed my cock. It was still rock hard, so I was ready to keep going. When Jo turned round and saw the nature of my penis, she lay on her back on the bed and opened her legs.

“Take me again, I’m wet for you. Fuck me again!” she said. I didn’t need telling twice. I rested the tip of my cock on her clitoris, which made her shudder with pleasure. Then I moved the tip down and let it rest just outside her dripping snatch. I eased myself forward and my cock just slipped into her pussy. I pushed myself all the way inside her and I was engulfed once more. I held it all the way in for a moment, before I started my slow rhythm of easing myself out some of the way, before pushing myself all the way back in. Jo was so wet my cock was sliding in and out so easily, yet she still felt tight around me, gripping me with the walls of her vagina. As I slowly moved in and out of her, she wrapped her legs behind my back, pulling my closer to her. This encouraged me to pick up rhythm slightly. As I thrust myself into her I kept looking into her eyes. She looked straight back into mine. She smiled, but the overwhelming pleasure meant she couldn’t hold it long before she started moaning again. As I carried on working, I lowered my head and gave her a kiss on her cheek, then on her lips. She returned the kiss with passion. She was still moaning as we kissed; only the kiss muffled it. I moved my kissing down her neck and her moans were fully audible again. I moved my kisses down to her breasts and started kissing around her nipples, teasing them. All this while, I was still pumping my pulsing member in and out of her. I was easing in and out of her faster now, always making sure I pushed my entire length inside her. I kept kissing around her nipples, teasing her even before, before kissing and sucking her nipples. Jo’s moans were filling the room. The whole dorm block could probably hear them, but I didn’t care and I’m sure Jo didn’t either. I kept banging away at her as I carried on sucking her nipples. Her legs wrapped around me kept on pulling me into her. She thrust her hips as I humped her, making sure I completely filled her.

“Oh yes, oh shit, yes! Fuck me hard! Make me cum again! Cum with me!” she moaned. This time I was going to give her want she wanted. I stopped sucking on her nipples and focused on thrusting myself in and out of her. I pumped deep, hard, long and fast. Jo grabbed hold of her own breasts and squeezed them, maximising her own pleasure. Soon I could feel my balls tense up. Jo felt it too.

“Oh yes baby! I’m cumming! Cum with me! Cum in me!” she moaned. Her pussy tensed up as she began cumming again. This drove me over the edge as I began to cum hard. Jo and I came together. My hot, sticky cum was flowing into her wanting cunt. Some dribbled onto the bed, but most went inside of her. Jo wrapped her arms and legs tight around me as she came harder than she had before. I kept my cock buried deep in her pussy as my cum still spurted out. I had never cum this much ever.
