 (105)

Leela and Viswanath in Goa Beach

After their returning from Patna, the sexual life of Leela and Viswanath was rejuvenated drastically. Whenever they would recall their 15 days adventure in slum, they would feel a new vigorous flow, a new sensation in their bodies and minds. In the meantime, Meera had visited and informed Viswanath that she was pregnant. Viswanath gave her some money to take care of herself.

After few days, they both remembered their son Aditya. It had been quite a long time they had not seen their son. Viswanath made a call to his son Aditya that they would be visiting New Delhi to see him, and they would spend few days in New Delhi. Then Aditya informed him that a tour had already been scheduled to Goa with his two friends. He wished that his parents should visit Goa first where he would be waiting for them, then from there all of them would leave for New Delhi. He informed him that he would be arranging their Hotel accommodations at Goa.

After a week, Viswanath received an envelope through mail sent by his son Aditya. The envelope contained Train Tickets for both Leela and Viswanath from Kolkata to Mumbai, onward and return bus tickets from Mumbai to Goa, Train Tickets from Mumbai to New Delhi, and their hotel accommodation particulars.

Viswanath and Leela were very pleased to visit Goa. They knew that Goa had the finest and best sea beaches of the world. Viswanath had a secret desire to visit Anjuna beach of Goa. He had already heard that Anjuna beach of Goa was the abode of Hippies and there was a nude colony in that beach.

Both Leela and Viswanath started their preparation for the journey. They started pack up their all essential items in their travel bags. Usha was left out, because she had to appear her examination in college.

Just before their departure from Dhanbad to Kolkata, in evening, Viswanath received a call from his son Aditya.

"Papa, I am sorry. Due to office exigencies, I have cancelled my trip to Goa. Since I have arranged everything for the trip of Goa, you and Mom must visit Goa. After finishing your Goa trip, you both return to Mumbai, and from there, you board the train to New Delhi. I will be waiting for both of you at New Delhi. Really...papa, I am extremely sorry for not joining you at Goa,"Aditya said.

"It is OK, Don't worry Aditya! We will meet you at Delhi" replied Viswanath.

Next day, they reached Kolkata in afternoon, and then they boarded the train to Mumbai. They reached Mumbai after two days. From Mumbai they boarded the bus to Goa and reached Panjim (Capital city of Goa) in next morning. 

(106)

They reached the Hotel in Panjim where their accommodations were already arranged by their son Aditya in advance. Due to their long exhausted journey, they both took rest whole day in the hotel room. 

In the evening, Viswanath said, "Hey Leela, Tomorrow morning, we would visit Anjuna beach. I don't expect my Leela would be clad in saree whilst at beach area. Now we both are in holiday mood, and let us have some modern outfits. It would be better, if we would purchase some light clothes which are fit for beach."

Both of them visited local market of Panjim, and they purchased one pair of loose fitting pajamas with tops for Leela, One pair of shorts and T shirt for Viswanath, and two straw hats for them. Leela also purchased a pair of crocs foot wear for beach. They also purchased a cotton shoulder hand bag to keep water bottle, food/snacks items, Camera, a Towel, and extra clothes for them. They both had a hard fucking in night.

Next day morning, both of them felt refreshed and energetic. They put on their purchased dresses meant for beach. Viswanath put the cotton bag filled with all required matters on his shoulder. They hired a Taxi, and reached the village of Anjuna. It was a bright morning; sun was just rising up slowly. The time was 7.00 AM. 

The village of Anjuna, a five square mile area is nestled between the Arabian Sea and the Hill overlooking the beach. While the village is perched atop a hill, it was full of swaying palm and coconut trees; there is a beautiful beach down below known as Anjuna beach.

Anjuna beach is a popular beach of Goa, which has seen Hippie culture long back. This is the most famous beach, liked and loved by the foreigners. This sea side is well known amongst back packers and hippies. The stretch of Anjuna beach is almost 2km. Flanked by the Arabian Sea on its one side, Anjuna beach is famous for its stunning natural beauty with swaying palm trees and coconut trees, and a vast expanse of soft white sand. 

At this hour of the day, the village seemed to be waking up very slowly. Few shops were opened. They could see 4/5 numbers of European Tourists walking through the village. They passed out the village and reached the small Hillock from where they had to climb down in order to reach Anjuna beach.

They reached down the hill then walked right side which led them near to beach. They reached near the starting point of beach. They walked through the soft sand near the blue sea. The beach was marked by an unusual rocky formation overlaying a cove of white sand and black rock that jet out in to the sea.

They were walking sides by the waves; the white foams of wave were touching their feet. After going some distance, they could notice a lot of white objects spreading near the beach. When they came nearer they could clearly see that those were the white bodies of Europeans. All of them were completely naked and sprawled across the beach. They were basking their bodies in the sun. 

(107)

The females were ranged between the ages of 20 years to 40 years, their sun tanned body comprised rounded as well as saggy breasts, exposing their bushy pubic hairs, and some had cleaned pussy. Some of them were massaging their breasts, thighs, and pussy areas with oils. The males were also lying fully naked on the white sand exposing their dangling soft, flaccid cocks. Viswanath had never seen such types of scene in his life, he witnessed it live in his open eyes, and he developed a hard one. Some of the nude males and females were taking their bath in the sea water jumping amongst the waves.

Bathing is generally safer at Anjuna beach than at the most of the nearby beaches, especially at the more serene southern end of the beach where a rocky headland keeps the sea calm. At this place, sun starved European tourists laze around bathing in the pleasant sun.

In a few distance, near palm trees and coconut trees, they could notice the numerous palm leafed huts, which were meant for staying, cafe, and cold beer shop.

Leela asked, "Is it the Nude colony you were referring to me?"

"Yes," replied Viswanath.

"Let us cross this area and go ahead, because these people don't like intervention of outsiders in their lives," said Viswanath.

They went ahead, and reached near a place, few distance away from the nude colony.

The place was calm and quite. Just 100 meters away from there, they noticed a person waving his hands at them. The person came nearer to them. He was a person in his Fifties, a black colored person, wearing a shorts and T Shirt. He was a taller person, with masculine figure, looking like an ordinary person from nearby local area. A small leather bag with a strap hung over from his shoulder.

The person said to Viswanath, "Sahib, (Addressed respectfully) I am a masseur. If you go to massage parlors, it will cost you much there. You both can get a body massage here, near the sea shore, near the waves, and the pleasure you derive would be no doubt something different. I am a professional, experienced, and have been doing this quite a long time. I have rendered my services to many tourists, particularly to the Tourists from European countries. Don't worry, I will charge a very nominal price."

"What's your name?" asked Viswanath.

"Sahib, I am Anthony, a local from Goa, I earn my living from massage only."

He repeated again, "Sahib, I guarantee you that my massage will reduce stress and tension as well as anxiety and depression."

Viswanath looked at Leela meaningfully and winked at her. Leela smiled at him with a consent look.

"You see, I am not interested, Memsahib may be," Said Viswanath.

(108)

"But some more tourists may come to this side of the area. I don't want it in open place." apprehended Leela.

"Don't worry, Mem sahib, You see those rocks near the sea water," he indicated far away, nearly half km away from where they were standing," That is the safest and private place. Usually, nobody goes in that side of place. Please follow me."

Both of them followed him. They reached near the place. It was a beautiful and scenic place. It was nature's beauty. The nearby beach was marked by an unusual rocky formation overlaying a cove of white sand and black rock that juts out in to the sea. For more than a half km, the sea beach was strewn with small and big rocks. The most wonderful scenic beauty was that the inlet of blue sea water had entered amongst the rocks.

But they choose a place which was full of white sands, surrounded by black rocks as if God had made a heavenly bed room. Even a person from outside cannot notice anything as it was hidden by nature. The blue ocean could be seen from very near and a cool breeze was flowing. The atmosphere was quite seductive, sexy and romantic.

Anthony picked out a folded plastic material from his big. It was a big plastic sheet, length of 10 feet and width of 5 feet. He spread the plastic sheet on the white sand then put a clean white bed sheet on it.

"Mem sahib, you can lie here. You may have your under wears in your body, but the problem is that those may be spoiled by oil," he said in a professional tone. 

"What types of oil you will be using?" asked Viswanath.

"Sahib, I will be using pure olive oil." replied Anthony.

"Excuse me Sahib, I have to open my upper dress otherwise it will be spoiled by oil," he said.

Then he opened his T Shirt. Although he was more than 50 years, but his muscles were bulging out. He had a solid muscular body with abs, and flat stomach. He had well biceps, and his chest was wider with light hairs, but he was not hairy at all. He removed his shorts, he had only his underwear which was covering only his crotch area, and he could see his pubic hairs coming out from two sides of his underwear as his underwear was unable to cover full of his pubic hairs.

Leela took her clothes off, removing her bra and panty also. Viswanath covered her with a towel, and with towel in her body, she lay down on her stomach.

Anthony knelt down near Leela,poured in the olive oil in his right palm, and with his left hand he slipped the towel from her neck side to downwards up to waist by folding the towel, exposing Leela's white naked back side which was glazing due to morning sun. He proceeded to massage her back, shoulders, and neck for the next 30 minutes. 

(109)

She was relaxing really well at this point, and starting to take deeper breaths. He then moved to her legs, and spread them ever so lightly to be able to access her complete leg on both sides.

He stroked her legs first on the back of her thighs and calves. Then suddenly, he uncovered the remaining portion of the towel which was covering her buttocks. Now leela was completely naked in her back side.

He then moved inward to the inner thigh, and stroked there for a while. Occasionally, his fingers would lightly brush her pussy lips. And she would gasp lightly. He finished her legs, massaged her feet, and arms before asking her to turn over.

Leela called Viswanath and said, "Dear, I am feeling thirsty. Can you pass on me the water bottle?"

After some moment, she heard Viswanath's voice,"Ohhhh...shit; there is no water, now I have to go, and bring water from the village. Sorry dear, just wait for 40 minutes...I am coming back like a horse."

Viswanath immediately proceeded. Leela wondered how all the water of bottle got exhausted. Viswanath had sufficient water in the bottle, but it was a lie. He secretly hid behind the rock, and was peeping through the gaps of rocks few feet way. Both Leela and Anthony were clearly visible to him, and their conversation was clearly audible to him.

Since Viswanath had left, Anthony became more confident.

He said, "Mem sahib, can you turn over now so that I could massage your front portion. Towel will be on the way so if you permit I could remove it off you; however it is totally up to you."

Leela was unaware of the fact that he was touching his cock and massaging slowly his cock above the underwear. Viswanath could see the outline of his cock above the underwear which started grow as he looked at Leela's backside body.

With much reluctance and shyness, Leela turned over and lay on her back.

Anthony could see now her well rounded two boobs with reddish brown two nipples which appeared to be like cherries to him. The nipples were swollen and puffy, and those nipples were surrounded by small circles of areola. She had a flat tummy with deep naval. But her pussy was hidden under V shape bushy hairs.

Now Anthony focused his mind on her massage, and started with upper body. First, he worked on her shoulders then her stomach. He started massaging her breasts. He reached her areole on the first one, and slowly started rubbing his big fingers around it. As he did this, her nipple started to harden even though he had not touched it yet. He moved to the other side doing the same thing. He brought both the nipples to full attention. After they were standing up, he slowly dripped some oil on them, and started rubbing them. Leela's stomach started twitching as he did this. He teased her nipples, and lightly pinched them while tugging on them. 

(110)

He stopped doing that, and moved down to legs again. This time, he started at her feet, and worked his way up. As he moved his hand slowly to the inside of her legs, he would pull and slightly spread her legs apart from each other in the process.

Pretty soon, she had her legs spread enough to where he could massage her thighs, and sees her full pussy at the same time. He worked on her thighs, and in the process would lightly touch her pussy to see if she complained.

"Memsahib, now I am going to finish full body massage on your last part of abdomen," He said.

He began right up where her bush started, worked her hips and all around. He slowly moved his fingers in between her legs where the leg met the pelvis, slid his fingers down to her asshole, and started lightly running his fingers over both her ass and pussy.

He then began to work at her pussy more, and was rubbing her inner and outer lips. He massaged her clit, and she was positioning herself for a better contact. He then slowly fitted one of his fingers at her opening, and worked it in and out of her slowly. She started to move her hips to meet his fingers as it would thrust inward. He then put a second finger in followed shortly by a third, and she loved it.

He removed his hand that was massaging her clit, and replaced with his tongue. She reached over, and felt his bare leg next to her arm. 

Viswanath got surprised when she grabbed his leg and had him position himself over her. They were now in the sixty-nine position. Leela pulled down his underwear, and the erected enormous cock was just popped out, and she had a massive black cock right above her lips. She reached up, and grabbed his cock at the base, and Viswanath watched as her hand moved up his cock. She was much surprised to witness such a big cock. It was around 10 inches long. Her palm felt the hardness which was extreme hard like granite. She pulled the foreskin down, and found a big bulbous rounded head appeared like a small electric bulb.

She thought she would have a heart attack when she reached the base and realized how big his cock was. Fully hard, it was tenth and a half inched long, and about seven inches around. She got scared whether she could accommodate such a monster inside her pussy.

He was licking at her pussy, and matching her every move when she slowly opened her mouth, and proceeded to start licking the tip of his cock. 

Viswanath thought he was going to choke her throat when she started sucking. She was not able to get his cock very far inside her mouth, may be three or four inches as it was a monstrous cock. While she did this, she was also stroking his cock at the same rhythm.

Viswanath was enjoying the whole scenario, and she was starting to get worked up to her first orgasm as Anthony continued his domination of her clit with his tongue.

(111)

Her legs started quivering as she came for the first time. She bucked her hips, and gasped for air all the while sucking harder on him while grabbing his cock tightly. 

He pulled his cock out of her mouth, and positioned himself between her legs. His shaft was now positioned at the entrance of her wet and willing opening. 

He asked, "Are you ready?"

She was little hesitant and said, "I am scared. It is too big for me. It may not enter inside, and I may feel severe pain."

He smiled, and nodded his head. He said, "Let us try. I will not force you. Once it slides down inside then only you will feel the real pleasure. If you feel even slightest discomfort, we will stop...OK."

Anthony put a lot of his saliva in more than half portion of his cock which was already bathed previously with saliva of Leela. The mixed saliva on the cock was in such a huge quantity that the saliva began dripping from the cock.

Anthony slowly started to enter the head of his cock at her opening, teasing her. She never had a man of this size before. 

He then slowly slid the head in to her. And she grimaced a little due to the opening muscles being stretched. She felt a sensation when the bulbous big knob just entered, touched, and knocked the door of her pussy entrance. He took his time, and let her adjust to the size and depth he was going in her. Due to excess saliva lubrication,Leela could not feel that it has entered at about 8 inches, he pulled back, and pumped the rest of his cock deep in to her until his balls slapped up against her ass. 

Leela pushed him and screamed, "Ohhhhhhhh...Goddd...leave me...I cannot."

This sent pain through her whole abdomen.

He withdrew his big monstrous cock, and said, "Sorry Memsahib! More than half portion of my cock is inside your pussy. If we put a little effort, definitely it will go deep. If you agree then OK otherwise we will stop here."

"OK, but for last try," consented by Leela.

He told Leela to suck the cock more, and put her saliva in more quantity on his rock cock. He slowly pushed the cock inside, he stayed there, and let her cervix adjust to the size, and again he slowly pushed. Due to heavy lubrication of saliva, the cock slid automatically and both of them were unaware of the fact that the entire cock was engulfed by the pussy of Leela. The Pain started to fade, and she felt more pleasure that she had never known before. His cock filled her completely up and she loved it.

At this point, he slowly started to move his dick in and out of her wet pussy. Then he increased the speed as the cock went deeper. 

(112)

She was now feeling the pleasure of his movements, and was working her hips to match him. His cock glistened in the light from the wetness she had. She was moving in and out of her, and she was nearing orgasm two which she had never done in a single session. He kept going, and started to push his cock all the way inside the pussy to the end of the hole. After about six full strokes like that, she came again. T his time she started to squirt. 

His balls were the size of golf balls and were striking the ass hole of Leela rhythmically with the movements of fucking.

At this point he came, and filled her with the thickest white cum. He filled her with so much cum; it was flowing around his cock, and out on to the sheet.
