 There was a light snow falling as I hopped up the steps leading out of the subway, two at a time. I stood at the corner, waiting for the light to change, and I realized I was humming. In the month since Carmen Quintana picked me up in her gypsy cab after I finished night court, my life had substantially improved.

Carmen got into a bad fight over the phone with her ex while driving me home. I invited her up to my apartment to calm down, and we ended up spending the whole night, and most of the next day fucking each other's brains out. Carmen needed some extra cash, after her roommate moved out, and suggested she could act as my maid, cleaning up my dissolute bachelor pad, then staying over, a few nights a week. I accepted her offer, mainly because she threatened not to come back otherwise.

I was surprised to find that, in addition to being a sexual dynamo, Carmen was an adept organizer. In a month, she had taken my apartment form the prototypical bachelor's cave to a place that could have passed any white glove inspection. The funniest part was the affect Carmen had on me. Now, instead of tossing clothes and mail wherever I felt like when I came home, I felt happy living up to the standards Carmen set when she cleaned the place. In just a month, only three nights a week, Carmen had domesticated me.

I laughed at the thought as I climbed the front steps of my brownstone. Tonight, I planned to order in some Chinese food and watch the "erotic thriller" I ordered online. Carmen surprised me by sharing my enjoyment of porn. We replicated some of the scenarios and positions we would watch, and it seemed like she was challenging herself to be better than the fantasies on the screen.

More than being uninhibited, Carmen was creative. I didn't need to push her into trying anything. Sometimes, she carried me to places I had never been before. No one had ever spanked me during sex. The first time Carmen whacked me with the plastic spatula she grabbed from the kitchen, I recoiled, but felt a hard throbbing in my prick. Spanking soon became a regular part of foreplay.

I wondered what surprises Carmen had in store as I unlocked the door.

"Hi, Carmen!" I yelled as stepped inside. She wasn't in the kitchen or living room, and I heard no response. "She must be on the toilet," I thought as I hung my coat on the hook behind the door. Walking into the kitchen. I opened the refrigerator and leaned in to grab a beer. 

Suddenly, a pixieish, high-pitched voice squeaked, "Hi, Manuel!"

I shot straight up and banged the back of my head into the bottom of the freezer door. Staggering back a step, I grabbed the back of my head and looked up. Standing in the arch in front of the hallway was a diminutive, thin woman with raven black hair, cut in a bob that framed an oval face. She wore a pink and white half-shirt, that was tight around her small breasts and showed off a blue gem in her belly button. Her jeans were slung so low I thought I saw her pubic bone peeking out of the top. She had a whisk broom in one hand, and a dustpan in the other.

"Who the hell are you?" I asked, grimacing as I rubbed the back of my head.

"I'm Vanessa," she said with total aplomb as she walked up to me. "I'm Carmen's sister." She opened the fridge, reached in and grabbed a beer.

"Why are you here?

"Carmen is going to be busy this week with her thesis and grading papers." she said, popping the top off the bottle and holding it out for me. "She was afraid that if she left you alone for a full week, this place might look like a bomb hit it by the time she got back. I grabbed the open bottle, and she walked into the living room, sitting on the couch. "I volunteered to take the job for a week, she said it would be all right for you to pay me."

"How old are you?" I asked as I walked in after her and sat at the other end of the couch.

"Nineteen," she giggled, "and before you ask, I'm a sophomore at NYU."

"And Carmen told you she was working here, uh, cleaning up?"

"Sure, we tell each other everything," she said matter-of-factly. "I figured a hundred-fifty bucks for a couple days of light cleaning was a good deal."

"Best laid plans of mice and men," I thought to myself as I sucked down some Dos Equis. "What are you studying?"

"Urban planning," she said as she stretched her legs on the couch. Her feet were bare, and I noticed her toenails, like her fingers, were an electric pink. "I want to go work in government when I get out of school."

"Good for you." I said

She stretched her arms above her head, and her breasts pressed against the fabric of her belly shirt. Her nipples poked against the cotton  I felt the blood start rushing into my cock, and I shifted in my seat. I didn't need Vanessa to checking out my boner.

"I'm going to take a quick shower." I said as I stood and walked toward the hallway. "I planned to order some Chinese food afterward. The menu's are on top of the bookshelf next to the t.v. You're welcome to stay and eat, if you like."

"Thanks, I'll think about it." She bent over to gather up the dust broom and pan, and I noticed her ass. The crack poked out above the top of her low riders, and I saw she was wearing a thong. Coughing, I turned and walked up the hallway to my bedroom.

Where Carmen's ass was full, round and thick, Vanessa had a slim and athletic bottom, with almost no trace of hips. Even as I approached my bedroom, I had visions of Vanessa bending over in front of me, her crack poking out, revealing her thong,

"Not a good idea to think about that too much." I whispered as I entered the bedroom. Carmen never asked me what I did on the nights she wasn't around, but I couldn't imagine her being thrilled with the idea of me jumping her younger sister's bones.

I closed the bedroom door behind me and hung my suit jacket on the empty hanger hung up on the closet door. Carmen made me install a hook on the door so I could leave my suit hanger there to wait until I got home. Laughing, I undressed and hung the suit. As I slipped my bathrobe on, I suddenly felt a little empty. I had become accustomed to Carmen's presence over the last four weeks, and I found myself unhappy at the thought of spending the week without her.

"I wonder if she'd be up for a little phone sex later?" I wondered as I stepped out of the bedroom and walked across the hall to the bathroom.

"I'll be out of the shower in ten minutes, Vanessa." I yelled before stepping into the bathroom and shutting the door. Drawing the blue and gold shower curtain, I turned on the hot water and waited until steam filled the room before turning on the cold water, adjusting the balance until the water was just short of scalding, the way I like it.

Removing my robe, I drew the curtain back and stepped inside the shower., rubbing my feet on the flower-shaped non-skid pads Carmen put on the floor of the tub, after she had sand-blasted it with Comet.

"I'm amazed you haven't broken your neck," Carmen laughed when she showed off the tub.

Smiling as I thought of her, I started rubbing soap all around my body.  The hot spray soothed my body as it bounced off my skin. I reached down and pulled back the foreskin, rubbing the soap around my cock. Handling my cock with the soap, combined with the hot water and my thoughts, got the blood rushing back to my nether regions, and soon enough, my cock stood, proud and firm, in front of me.

Suddenly, a vision of Vanessa's tight ass flashed in front of me, and my cock jumped. Before I could stop, my mind skipped to the image of her leaning back on the couch, her perky tits straining against the white cotton half-shirt, her nipples protruding. Grabbing my cock, I closed my eyes and started stroking.

In my mind, Vanessa peeled off the shirt, releasing her braless tits. My legs quivered as I imagined her squeezing her large nipples, moaning softly as she tugged on the stiff buds. I jerked faster as undid her jeans and slid them off, revealing a pink thong. I moaned, seeing her pull the thong to one side, revealing a hairless pussy with a pair of pussy lips poking out. My cock throbbed rapidly in my hand when another loud moan filled the room. My eyes shot open as I realized the voice wasn't mine. Through the steam and the plastic curtain, I saw a figure sitting on the toilet, moving furtively.

"Vanessa?"

She stood, moving forward and peeling back the curtain. She was naked. Her breasts, no bigger than a B-cup, but firm and perky, had areola as dark and big as her sister's, and her nipples were huge. Her pussy was as bald as I imagined, with a puffy pair of lips peeking out.

"You look so fucking hot." she said with a lusty grin.

"Why are you watching me? Why are you naked?"

"Isn't it obvious?"

"Yes, but," I sputtered as I backed away from her. "Your sister . . ."

"My sister," she said as she stepped into the tub and pulled the curtain behind her, "said I should take care of you just like she would. She also said you had the biggest dick she had ever fucked. I'm glad to see she wasn't lying."

Stunned, I stood with by back against the cold tiled wall of the bathtub. I thought of jumping out of the shower, but the toiler was right next to the tub, and I feared serious injury. Vanessa walked under the shower spray, and stepped up to me. Her head barely reached my chest. Placing her palms against my chest, she rubbed her hands against my hot, wet skin. Pressing her lips around my chest, she grabbed one of my nipples with her teeth and bit it hard.

"Damn!" I yelled, but I felt my prick jump as her straight, white teeth dug into my nipple. Her hand slithered down and wrapped itself around the shaft, gently stroking it while she kissed and nibbled my upper body.

I leaned back and felt the cold, wet tile wall as Vanessa slid slowly down my body. He lips and teeth worked an erotic magic on me, making my nerve ending ultra sensitive. Her petite, slender body rubbed against my prick, making it throb harder with each passing second.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm," I moaned involuntarily.

"You like that, Manny?" she whispered as she kissed my belly button. "Maybe you will like this too." Lifting my cock with her hand, she slid the throbbing shaft into her mouth. I groaned joyfully as the nymph in my shower worshipped my cock with her mouth. Her tongue rubbed along the underside of the shaft while she sucked hard. The shower spray bounced off her shoulders and the top of her head, bouncing up and hitting me in the chest and face. Reaching down and running my fingers through her slick black hair, my breath came in short, rapid pants, as I watched her head quickly bobbing up and down on my prick.

As I ground my ass against the shower wall, I started to compare Vanessa's cock sucking with her sister's. Carmen worked slower, sucking deeper, swallowing more of the shaft. Vanessa preferred to bob rapidly on the shaft, sucking in less of my cock but stimulating the head faster and more often with her lips and tongue. Groaning, I couldn't decide which method I preferred. My cock certainly enjoyed both their efforts.

Pushing my hips off the wall, I stood over Vanessa and gripped the sides of her head. I thrust my hips, forcing my cock deeper into her mouth. Far from resisting, Vanessa picked up on the action, matching my rhythm, trying to swallow as much of the shaft as she could. I pushed her head down, listening to her gurgle and cough with a little more than half my prick n her mouth. After 30 seconds of near orgasmic bliss, Vanessa pushed back, sputtering and coughing as my cock flopped out of her mouth. She sat against the wall of the tub, panting until she regained her breath.

"God, what a great fucking cock!" she finally said.

I reached over and shut the shower off. As the spray ended, I leaned over and offered Vanessa my hand. Grabbing it, she nearly knocked me over when she jumped up and pressed her lips against mine. I wrapped my arms around her waist as my tongue slid into her mouth. We stood in the shower, dripping wet and completely absorbed in each other.

Breaking the kiss, Vanessa threw her head back and yelled, "Take me to bed and fuck me!"

Laughing riotously, I held her tight and pulled the curtain back. She wrapped her legs around my waist and clung to me as I stepped out of the tub. On the bathmat, I covered her mouth with my own again She ground her body against mine as I sucked on her tongue, her body so petite, my cock didn't even brush against her ass as she clung to me. I kissed my way down her neck and dug my teeth into her shoulder.

"Ooooooooooo, yes, keep biting me!" she squealed as my teeth dug into her skin. Bouncing against me as I sucked on her flesh, her fingers twirled up in my hair as she screamed, "Fuck, baby, take me to bed and fuck me! My pussy is so fucking wet!"

We kissed again as I moved forward, holding her tight as I reached out and opened the bathroom door. I thanked Carmen silently for getting all my junk off the floor as I walked Vanessa across the hall, kicking open the bedroom door.  Moving over to the foot of the bed, I dropped Vanessa on to the gold and sage green duvet cover I had bought a couple of weeks ago. She crawled back as I climbed on the bed, spreading her legs and leaning against the pillows as I planted urgent kisses all around her face.

"Oh, fuck, you're so hot, Manny!" she moaned, squirming beneath me. I kissed my way down from her face, nipping her chin, kissing and licking from her collar bone down to her perky tits. She buried her fingers in my hair as my tongue flicked against her nipples. As I tugged on her left nipple, squeezing it hard with my teeth, Vanessa's back arched, pressing her body hard into mine while she squealed. My hand slithered down her body while I worshipped her tits, slipping between her legs and rubbing against her puffy labia.

"Oh God, yes," she sighed in an airy voice. "Play with my pussy baby, I'm so wet for you!" My fingers slid up and down her juicy slit, spreading her labia and coating my fingers with her girl juice. Vanessa rolled back and forth, grinding her ass against the mattress, groaning and sighing as I explored her body. She stiffened as my middle finger pierced the veil, sliding inside her love hole, down to the second knuckle.

"Ohhh my God," she cried out, her pussy contracting around my finger. I kissed up to her neck and nibbled as my finger slid back and forth inside her tight wetness. I felt her tight walls pressing against my finger as I pushed all the way into her vagina.

"Another one! Put in another one!" she yelled, bouncing on the mattress. I grinned widely as my index finger worked its way into her tight snatch. Vanessa' legs kicked against the duvet as a second finger sank deep inside her pussy.

"Oh, yessssssssss! You feel how that tight that is, baby? Feel how hard I'm squeezing your fingers? Mmmmmmm, think how your cock is gonna feel inside me, baby."

I groaned as I tugged on Vanessa's earlobe as I buried my fingers in her snatch. Reaching up with my thumb, I found her clit, pressing my thumb against her button, feeling it throb. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck!" she screamed as I rubbed her clit with my thumb. Her pussy spasmed, squeezing my fingers hard as her body rolled and bucked on the bed. I leaned over and sucked her pert tits, pumping my fingers inside her juicy snatch. Vanessa reached back and grabbed the headboard, arching her back and convulsing as I bit her nipple.

"Oh yesssssssssss," she cried, her legs kicking cover further off the mattress. "Fuck Manny! You're gonna make me cum!"

Reaching down with my free hand, I pinched her throbbing clit between my fingers and squeezed it hard. She wailed like a banshee as her body flailed wildly, bouncing on the bed, nearly falling off.

"Yessssssssssss!Cumminggggggggggggggg!" she screamed while her pussy gushed, coating my fingers with her juices.  She reached back and held my head against her breast, which I continued to suck as her body flew out of control. Her hips continued bouncing up and down, riding my fingers over the peak of ecstasy.

Finally, she sank down on the mattress, her body still shaking. Slowly, I withdrew my fingers form her pussy and lifted them to her mouth, rubbing them against her lips. Opening her mouthed, she swallowed my fingers and greedily sucked her pussy juice off my digits. I smiled as her tongue swirled around my fingers, watching her mouth slide back and forth over my fingers, murmuring and moaning as she tasted herself.  Her face was covered by a sheen of sweat, and her eyes slowly opened again. Reaching up and wrapping her hand around my neck, she pulled my head down, plastering her lips to mine, and thrusting her tongue in my mouth. I tasted the tangy remnants of her love sauce as I pressed my body against hers.

"Get on your back," she whispered as she broke the kiss.

I rolled to my back and she climbed on top of me, pushing her ass into my face as she grabbed m shaft, pulling back the foreskin and licking around the head. I spread her ass cheeks and stuck my tongue as deep in between as I could, licking and sucking in her crevice. Her groans were muffled by my cock stuffed in her mouth.  Her lips were sealed around the shaft as her head sank down, swallowing as much of my prick as she could stand.  I groaned loud as she began rolling my balls in the palm of her hand.

"Fuck baby!" I yelled as I pulled my mouth out of her ass crack. "Your mouth feels so fucking good there," I moaned before sticking my tongue back in and rimming her puckered asshole.

She sucked hard on my dick before pulling her head off and grunting, "Not half as good as it's gonna feel in my cunt. Now stick your tongue down there and eat me, baby."

Eagerly, I buried my face between her cheeks and dragged my tongue over her slit. Her cunt juice was saltier than Carmen's, but intoxicating to my taste buds. I squeezed her cheeks tight in my hands as I rubbed my tongue all over her snatch. Vanessa continued sucking on my throbbing prick while she ground her ass into my face and wriggled her pussy on my tongue.

The pungent aroma of her sex filled my nostrils. I spread her pussy lips with my hand, poking my tongue into her hot hole. She squealed, even as her mouth was filled with my prick, and a hot flow of salty juice coated my tongue and dripped down my chin. Swirling my tongue around the entrance of her pussy, I squeezed her tight ass with my free hand. She pumped her hips, pressing her pussy harder into my mouth. Lifting my hand in the air, I brought it down hard, slapping her ass so the sound rung in the air.

Her body froze completely still. I wondered if I had misstepped, as she lifted her mouth off my cock.

"Harder!" she screamed.

I raised my hand and slapped her ass again. Her body seized.       "Harder!"

The air rang with the sound of my hand slapping her tight rump, again and again. She ground her pussy into my face.

"Yes, damn it! Spank my ass!." She humped my face now, lifting her pussy and grinding it into my hungry mouth. "Spank it til it's pink and raw! Fuck, I feel so good!"

Her pussy was almost gushing now, her juices coating my tongue and chin. I whacked her ass as fast and hard as I could, considering she was bouncing on my face like it was the Calgary Stampede and I was the last stallion in the corral.

After what felt like a blissful eternity, Vanessa sat straight up on my face, grinding her snatch into my nose and mouth.

"I can't take it anymore!" she snarled. "I have to stick this big fat cock in my pussy right now!" 

Scrambling off my face, she slid down to the other end of the bed. Grabbing my prick, she straddled me.

I watched as she leaned over me, legs splayed, her pouting pussy lips perched just over the head of my cock. Slowly, she lowered herself onto my cock. My fingers gripped the sheets as I watched the bulbous head pressing against her puffy labia. She paused, rubbing her naughty bits against the sensitive head, making me groan with anticipation. Giggling, she breathed deep and pushed down. Her pussy lips spread, and she threw her head back, groaning as the cock head pierced her tight fuckhole and popped inside her love tunnel.
