 Callie snuck in quietly, looking around to make sure no one was watching. She pulled the trench coat tighter to her, hiding her nakedness. She silently locked the door behind her and stepped carefully on the steps. She remembered to avoid the fifth step as it had a tendency to creak rather loudly. She didn't want to give her presence to him, as he lay sleeping upstairs. She stopped outside his door and listened. She could hear the soft sounds of his breath and the slight squeak of bedsprings as he rolled over. She took a deep breath, her nerves suddenly slapping her in the gut. 

"now or never Cal." she said to herself softly. She slipped out of the coat, leaving it in a puddle at her feet. She straightened and walked into the room. There he lay, peacefully asleep, unaware of what he was about to experience. Callie tiptoed to the foot of his bed and slipped under the covers. She crawled noiselessly to his boxer clad waist and slowly reached into the opening. She found what she sought and carefully pulled it out. He moaned slightly, adjusting his hips to a more comfortable angle, granting her better access. She smiled and with a rush of adrenaline, took his already hardening member fully into her mouth. 

"What the-?" Jake sat up, throwing the covers aside. "Callie?" he asked sleepily, as she sucked softly at the tip.

"Who else did you expect?" she asked in her best sultry voice. He leaned back as she went back to lavishing his cock with her warm mouth. He grew even larger and harder as she moved up and down his veined shaft. She closed her eyes, loving the feel of him in her mouth, taking him as far down her throat as she could. He inhaled sharply as she bobbed her head, rubbing the tip of his cock against the back of her throat. She licked and sucked her way up, grabbing the pulsing spear with her hand as she sunk lower, lightly licking his sac. He pulled his legs up to allow more movement and she gently sucked one of his testes into her mouth. She continued to stroke his erection as she licked farther and farther down, till she tasted the skin of his anus. He gasped, pulling away. 

"What are you doing?" he asked in surprise.

"I just wanted to try something new tonight." Callie said with a smiled. "You said I could do whatever I wanted to you."

"You can." Jake said calming down. "I just wasn't expecting that." 

"Baby, I have much more planned. Can I have your permission to do anything to you tonight?"

"what do you want to do?"

"whatever comes to mind."

"All right, Cal." Jake said, pulling her to him in a warm embrace. "I trust you. I am your slave tonight. Whatever you want to do, you can do." he kissed her deeply and passionately. 

"Roll over." she said wickedly.

"What-"

"Just roll over, on your chest with your ass in the air." he obeyed as Callie moved behind him. She lay on her back, taking him back into her mouth and licking and sucking for a few minutes. He softly thrust himself into her mouth. She pulled back, getting to her knees, she reached under him and began stroking him as she lowered her tongue to his ass again. He let out a soft moan as she pushed her tongue into his hole, swirling and licking the tight rosebud. She stroked faster and licked harder as he came alive beneath her, groaning loudly and pushing back against her mouth.

"Callie" he gasped, "its too much....I'm going to cum!" she lay on her back again, taking him deep into her mouth as she slowly slipped her finger into his wet asshole. He inhaled sharply at the intrusion, then began to rock against her probing finger. She moved her finger in and out of his hole as he began to thrust harder into her throat. With a guttural groan Jake suddenly stiffened, shooting his load down her throat. She could feel the slick walls of his rectum pulsing against her finger with every wave of his orgasm. He soon stilled, and rolled onto his back. Callie crawled up and cuddled against his side, feeling the slowing beat of his heart as his breathing returned to normal. "Wow." he said after a moment. "That was fuckin intense."

"That's just the beginning." Callie said with a smile, leaning up and kissing him. He could taste himself in her mouth, and didn't care. She kissed him fiercely, running a hand down his stomach to his cock, rubbing the soft fleshy appendage. "Before I let you fuck me, you have to let me fuck you."

"What do you mean?" he asked, pushing against her hand as she stroked him to full hardness again. 

"Do you trust me not to hurt you?" she asked.

"Yes" he answered without hesitation. 

"I'll be right back." she walked to the hallway to retrieve her bag. She returned, pulling a small strap on dildo and a tube of lube out of the bag. "I want to fuck you in the ass." she said simply, fastening the strap on to her. "will you let me?"

"I don't know, Cal." Jake said, eyeing the small fake penis. "I'm not gay."

"I'm not a man." she said. "I got the smallest one, so you don't have to worry about too much pain." she said with a smile. "Please....I saw it on a porno and thought it looked like fun."

"IF you breath one word of this to anyone..." Jake said

"You know I wouldn't." she bent down and kissed him, running her tongue deep into his mouth. She knelt on the bed between his legs and slowly rubbed lube onto her 'penis'. 

"Are you sure you know what you're doing?" Jake asked as she lifted his legs to put lube on his tight hole.

"Trust me baby. You know I love you and I wouldn't do anything you don't like. If you decide you don't like it, say the word and I'll back off."

"I love you too, honey, but I don't know..."

"you liked my finger in there, didn't you?"

"Yes"

"So why wouldn't you like this?" she pushed against his hole lightly. "It'll feel even better. You want to fuck my hole, don't you?"

"Yeah, baby."

"Both of them, right?"

"Yes."

"Then its only fair." she pushed against him again, slipping in a little.

"TO be honest, Cal, I have wondered about this." he lifted his legs higher, inviting her to slip in. she did, moving slowly, adding more lube until her 'penis' was sheathed completely inside his ass. She stilled, looking at his face for further instruction. His eyes were closed, a calm, pleasured look on his face. "Oh my god..." he said. He had never felt so full before. The feel of the dildo rubbing against his rectum was immense, better than he ever imagined. Callie slowly pulled back, and thrust again. She smiled as his breath began to come out in gasps, a sure sign of his pleasure. She thrust in as hard and as deep as she could, holding his hips to push deeper and deeper. As her penis pushed against his prostate, Jake gasped, pulling her against him harder. He had never felt such pleasure in his life. She thrust again and again, faster and harder. Jake arched his back with a loud moan, pulling his legs as high as he could. When Callie reached down and grabbed his erect cock, he groaned long and deep. She could feel him tense, heard the familiar sound in the back of his throat indicating he was about to cum. She pulled his cock hard and thrust fully into him. He groaned as he shot his load high into the air. Callie moved slower and slower as his orgasm ebbed, pulling out and leaning down to lick the cum that splattered on his stomach and chest. She lay next to him again, letting him revel in his release. She lightly rubbed his chest and stomach, remaining quiet. He began to laugh, pulling Callie tightly against him. "Look up, baby." she looked and let out a giggle as she watched the string of cum dangling from the ceiling. "I have never shot that far before."

"Are you okay?" she asked, kissing his cheek.

"Damn baby." he said, leaning up on an elbow. "I had no idea it would feel that good. No wonder there are so many gay men out there."

"You're not going to go gay on me, are you?"

"Nah. I don't think I could handle another man's cum in me or on me." he wrinkled his brow. "Or any where near me for that matter." Callie laughed and rolled onto her back. 

"You're turn, Love." she said with a smile. "You are free to do as you please with me." Jake looked at her with hungry eyes, kissing her deeply. He kissed down her neck, to her plump breast. He softly licked on peaked nipple, swirling his tongue around before sucking it into his mouth. Callie gasped at the new sensation, gripping the sheets beneath her. She arched her back as his hand played with her other nipple, sending pleasure skittering over her nerves. He kissed his way down her stomach, moving to kneel between her legs as he spread her thighs. 

"You are so beautiful." he said, lowering his head and licking her from anus to clit. Her hips came off the bed in shock at the pleasure of the caress. She moaned, grabbing his head as he licked in and out of her wet pussy, moving up to tease her clit. He licked and sucked her clit, nipping it lightly, driving her crazy with ecstasy. He slowly slid a finger into her warm depths as he toyed with her clit, intensifying the pleasure. Callie closed her eyes, pushing against his finger as he thrust in and out. She couldn't believe how good he felt. She gasped when he slowly slid his little finger into her tight ass, pushing in and out of both her holes. She felt the pressure in her stomach build, the knot pull tighter and tighter. Suddenly, he sucked her clit hard and she felt herself explode, wave after wave of unadulterated pleasure coursing over her body. He continued to pleasure her as she came down from her orgasm. Before she was fully recovered, he had moved up until his throbbing dick was pushing at her opening. "This will hurt." he said, kissing her. She nodded, wrapping her arms around his waist as a signal to go for it. He filled her in one thrust, stilling as she tensed at the intrusion. She didn't care about the brief pain, and pushed against him, wanting him deeper. He pulled out and pumped into her again, moving slowly and steadily. The pressure began to build in her stomach again. She felt she would burst when he leaned his head down and took an erect nipple into his mouth. 

"Oh, Jake." She gasped, pulling him to her mouth. "You feel so damn good." they kissed passionately, as Jake thrust into her faster and harder. Within moments she felt herself explode again, ripples of pleasure running through her veins. Jake pulled out and rolled her onto her knees, ramming into her from behind. Callie cried out in pleasure as he pushed deeper and deeper. She leaned up onto her knees, laying her head on his shoulder as she twisted her head to kiss him as he pumped in and out of her. Their tongues met and matched his movements. He roughly gripped her breasts, squeezing her nipples between his fingers. He slid one hand down her stomach to play with her clit. All the sensations were too much for Callie, sending her into yet another amazing orgasm. "Jake, I can't take anymore." she gasped, falling forward. "It's too much." 

"This is just the beginning." Jake whispered into her ear, pulling out of her and rubbing the head of his cock on her hole, lubing it up. He pushed into her dripping pussy again, juicing up his cock. "Are you ready for this, baby?" he asked,. Pushing the tip of his dick against her hole. She nodded, whimpering lightly. He slowly pushed until the head was in. he leaned down, kissing her back and reached around to rub her tits as he pushed fully inside her hot, tight ass. "Damn baby." he said. "I can't believe how good you make me feel." he kissed her neck, thrusting in and out softly. Callie closed her eyes as the new sensations send shivers up her spine. She could feel her orgasm building slowly, with every thrust of his cock, every squeeze of her nipple. He leaned up, grabbing her hips as he began to slam into her, faster and harder. She was moaning loudly as the pleasure intensified more and more. Jake threw his head back, groaning as he felt her orgasm ripple against his cock. He thrust one last time, filling her with his warm seed. Callie moaned as the pleasure wrapped her like a comfortable blanket. She felt Jake's warmth burst into her ass as she collapsed, her knees no longer able to hold her up. Jake slowly pulled out and lay on top of her, breathing hard. She could feel his heartbeat against her back, as it joined her own till they beat as one. 

"How was that for your first time?" Jake asked, kissing her cheek as he rolled off of her.

"It better always be like that." she said. "Or I'm going to be very disappointed.