 Author Note: The following story is fictional (maybe), only the names have been changed to protect the guilty (and the horny). 

*

When the recession first hit, I wasn't too worried. I had a good job with a strong retailer working the back office, the price of gas and food had gone down, and the rent on my apartment was very reasonable. Then, we got word that my so-called strong retailer had filed bankruptcy and they were closing several of their stores. I wasn't worried since I was sure if my store was closed I'd just be transferred to another location. That was, until they announced that they were liquidating their assets, shutting down all the stores, and going out of business. I worked until the doors closed. Then packed my desk, and with my last check, got drunk with my fellow co-workers at a local bar.

The next day, I filed for my unemployment and began to search for work. I'm an educated woman with my master's in business administration and I knew I'd be a valuable asset to any company. The problem I didn't foresee was the number of other highly educated men and women just like me fighting for the tiny handful of jobs available. Unemployment had cut my annual pay by over half, and I was receiving the maximum amount of benefits. I was once told by an organization that "guaranteed" you would find work to submit ten applications a day for maximum success. Well, that advice works, except during a recession. I was applying to every company within a two-hundred mile radius, making phone calls, writing e-mails and hitting the pavement.

Two years later, I was still unemployed and on my last federal extension with two months left. All my credit cards were maxed out, and I had borrowed money from my family to keep my lights on. I had shut my land-line down to avoid the threatening phone calls from bill collectors who didn't understand the concept of my having no spare money and kept my worn out cell phone for the purpose of searching for work. I made daily treks to the local library to apply for jobs because I couldn't afford internet at home anymore, and was starting to figure out how I could live in my car comfortably. Moving back in with either of my parents was not an option.

It was on a Tuesday when I got the call. I always got nervous when I got a call from a number I didn't recognize because it might be a bill collector who got my cell number. But I also knew that I gave this number to every business I had applied to, so I answered my phone.

"Hello?"

"Yes, may I speak with Cheyanne Lewis?" asked a man's voice.

"This is Cheyanne."

"Good afternoon, my name is Kaleb Winter and I'm with-" (the name of the company isn't important, especially if I'm telling a true story). "I received your resume and would like to schedule an interview with you."

My jaw dropped, my heart raced. After months of nothing but rejections or just being ignored, I had an interview. "Wonderful! When?"

I knew I sounded anxious, and I needed to calm down, but my hands were shaking as I grabbed a pen and piece of paper. "Well, our office is under construction right now due to the fact that we're relocating. Would you be willing to meet me tomorrow at, say, a Starbucks?"

"Sure," I said. It wasn't the first time I'd had a meeting at an odd location. I would have met this guy on the moon for a chance at a full-time job.

He gave me the address of the Starbucks that was about an hour away from where I lived and we agreed to meet at noon the next day. I Googled the address but when I did the street view, I couldn't find it. This wasn't that unusual as it appeared to be in a strip mall and sometimes they couldn't always get pictures of the shops, especially if there were businesses closer to the street. I spent the rest of my day selecting my best power suit, a wine skirt with matching blazer and black blouse. I pulled out my best black bra that I saved for interviews, and my sexiest black thong panties that gave me a sense of self-confidence and beauty. I did scrape together enough money to buy a new pair of nude thigh high stockings that I could use with my garter belt.

That morning, I woke up early, showered, shaved, and styled my blonde hair so it curled in a professional manner without being too casual. I dressed, put on my makeup, and took one last look. My heels helped give me the illusion of height, my blue eyes seemed to sparkle, and I looked sexy and professional. I was showing just enough cleavage to be sexy, without being slutty, and my skirt hugged my ass nicely without showing off my garters. I was ready, and early. I decided to head out, I didn't want to be late and there had been some construction on the roads in my town. So, I programed my GPS (a birthday gift from my dad when I missed an interview due to bad directions) and headed out.

I arrived half an hour early to the strip mall, and the address I was given was to a local supermarket. I thought maybe the whole strip mall used the same street number and I needed to find the right letter. I parked my car and began to look around. To my horror, the different business had different numbers, not letters. I looked inside the supermarket and there it was, the Starbucks kiosk. There were no tables anywhere available for us to sit at, and every few minutes I'd hear different announcements. "Attention shoppers. Today in our..."

I grabbed my phone to turn the ringer off when my interviewer called. "Hi Cheyanne. It's Kaleb Winter. I'm caught in traffic and running a bit late. I should be there in about ten minutes or so."

"Okay," I said. "Um, you do know this Starbucks is in a Vons, right?"

"What?"

"I'm standing in the store as we speak."

"Attention shoppers..." rang out another announcement.

"Oh no," he said. "Is there someplace for us to meet?"

"Not really."

"Okay, how about I take you to lunch instead. I know a nice restaurant we can go and it won't be quite as noisy."

"Produce, pick up the call on line three, please."

"Okay, do you want me to meet you someplace?"

"How about I pick you up? You've already driven so far already."

"Um, well, that is-"

"Right. I understand. Is there a restaurant within a reasonable walking distance from you?"

I looked outside. "I can see an Applebee's across the parking lot."

"Okay, how about we meet there instead and I'll buy you lunch."

"You don't need to do that."

"Bakery, line two please. Bakery, line two please."

"I insist. I have you drive all this way and from what I can tell, that store is pretty busy."

I giggled. It was the beginning of the month and it seemed that everyone in the area was doing their monthly grocery shopping today. "Sure," I said. "I'll meet you there."

"Great!"

I put my phone back into my purse and walked across the parking lot and into the Applebee's. "Just one?" said the bubbly redhead hostess.

"Two. Actually, I'm meeting someone for a job interview," I said.

"Okay, well booth or table?"

"I prefer a booth."

"We'll have one available in a few minutes if you don't mind waiting."

"That's fine," I said.

The redhead disappeared and I sat down. She came back a moment later and said, "This way ma'am."

The restaurant was still pretty empty as she led me to a booth near the back, somewhat secluded, and I was curious why she wanted to seat me so quickly. "Thanks, but why the rush?"

"It's almost noon. In ten minutes we'll be packed with the lunch crowd."

"Ah," I said. "Well then thanks again."

I sat back and decided to look over the menu to find something cheap and filling. "Good afternoon, I'm Suzie. Can I start you with a glass of wine?"

I knew it was the suit that prompted such a question, and while I seriously wanted a glass of wine, I knew I needed to keep my wits about me, so I said, "How about a glass of water instead?"

"Coming right up," she said and spirited away.

I scanned the menu again when I heard a man's voice say, "Cheyanne?"

I looked up and saw a handsome man, with light brown hair and brown eyes, wearing a dark suit with a colorful tie. "Yes."

"Kaleb Winter," he said extending his hand.

I smiled, set the menu down, and took his hand. His grip was firm, and his hand was soft. "It's nice to finally meet you."

He sat across from me and said, "I'm so sorry about the Starbucks. I had no idea it was only a kiosk."

"It's fine," I said.

"Have you ordered yet?"

"Only a glass of water."

"What? No wine?"

I smiled. "I didn't think it would be appropriate, being this is a job interview after all."

"Good point. So how about this, we'll talk first, then after we'll share a glass of wine."

"Sounds reasonable."

"Well, don't worry about being cheap. I insist you order whatever you want."

I smiled. What I really wanted besides a job was the Asian Grilled Chicken Salad. It was my favorite and wasn't overly expensive. The waitress returned and took our orders, though Kaleb insisted I could order something more expensive. I assured him it was my favorite and what I really wanted. He ordered a bottle of white wine and began my interview. I was so glad we were in this booth, since the restaurant quickly filled up just as the redhead had warned me. I shared about my experience, my education, and answered all his questions. Kaleb told me about the company, how they were finally expanding to this area and needed someone with my education and experience. The interview was going better than I could have expected, while we ate and talked. Then he poured me a glass of wine and we toasted to the end of the recession.

"You know Cheyanne, I've had several interviews recently, but none have been more pleasant."

I smiled and blushed. "Thank you."

"You know, it's completely inappropriate for me to say this, but you are a very beautiful woman."

"Thank you."

"Cheyanne, how long have you been out of work again?"

"Almost two years," I said, wondering why he was asking.

"So, you're probably getting pretty desperate."

"Well, kinda. But I'm not willing to break the law."

Kaleb laughed. "I don't mean that. It's just... you're a very sexy and attractive woman."

"Okay?"

"Cheyanne, what would you be willing to do if I offered you a job right now?"

"Um, pretty much... almost anything," I said, then wished I hadn't.

"Would you show me your tits?"

I gasped. "Mr. Winter!"

"Please, call me Kaleb."

"I... I... I don't know... what I mean is-"

Kaleb laughed. "I'm sorry. I know. I told you what I was thinking was inappropriate."

"Would you really hire me if I showed you my tits?" I asked. I was at the end of my rope and I didn't foresee any other job offers on the horizon.

"Actually no," he said.

"Oh," I sighed and sipped my wine.

"But I would if you let me fuck you."

I choked on the wine. I must have coughed for several minutes before I got my bearings again. "Excuse me?" I finally managed to say.

"Look," he whispered, "I'm horny as fuck, and since the moment I laid eyes on you, my dick has been rock hard. You're damn sexy and I imagine pretty desperate right now. I'm offering you sort of a win-win. You get a job, and I get laid."

The waitress stopped by and left the check. Kaleb motioned for her to wait, pulled out his credit card, slipped it into the leather binder for the bill and handed it back to her. When she walked away, he said, "You have until she returns with my credit card to make a decision Ms. Lewis. This is a one-time offer."

This reminded me of that scene from Mel Brooks's "History of the World, Part 1", the scene during The French Revolution where Mel as King Louis tells a desperate young woman trying to save her father she must either have sex with him, or let her father die. I could hear Mel's voice in my head, "It's either hump or death... hump or death. You've got ten seconds to make up your mind. Hump. Death. Hump. Death. Hump. Death. Hump. Death. Hump. Death. Hump. Death. Your time is running out! Hump. Death. Hump. Death."

"Hump!" I cried aloud, causing a few heads to turn my way.

"Excuse me?" said Kaleb.

I blushed and whispered, "I mean, yes. I'll fuck you."

Kaleb smiled wickedly when the waitress stepped up and handed him his credit card and receipts. "Thank you folks. Come again."

As Kaleb signed the slip he said, "You know, that's a really good movie."

"What is?"

"'History of the World, Part 1'. I love Mel Brooks. It took me a second to realize what you said, and then it clicked. Personally, I love the Inquisition the best."

"The inquisition, let's begin. The inquisition, look out sin," I sang back.

Kaleb smiled what had to be the first genuine smile I had ever seen before. He brown eyes sparkled at me. He slipped one receipt into the binder and the other back into his wallet with his credit card. "You have a lovely singing voice."

"Thanks," I said.

"Come; let's conclude our business, shall we?"

Kaleb stood up and extended his hand to me. As much as I wished I hadn't agreed, I had, and I was a woman of my word. I took his hand and stood up. Kaleb was so much taller than I was, I was sure he stood over six feet tall. My heels put me at about 5'5", without them I was 5'3". He looked over my body with a raw hunger in his eyes, then escorted me out of the restaurant, never releasing my hand. Maybe he thought I would run away, or back out. He led me to a newer model black Lexus LS Hybrid and opened the passenger side door. "I know you're worried about riding with me, but I assure you, I won't harm you. I only want to fuck you. And I'm not into necrophilia."

As gross as that sex act is, his comment did make me laugh. I climbed in and sat back in the plush, leather seat. This car was worth more than my three of mine and cost more than I used to make in one year at my old job. Kaleb shut my door; I took a deep breath, letting the scent of fine leather tease my senses. It was the same reason I'd wander through a leather shop, I love the smell of fine leather. Kaleb climbed in, started the car, and off we went. He turned on the radio and I heard the beginning of one of my favorite Springsteen songs, "I'm on Fire." I couldn't stop myself from giggling.

"What's so funny?"

"Song seems appropriate, considering," I said.

I could see Kaleb's face, it was clear he was thinking about my words. "I guess you're right. This is why I've always been attracted to smart girls."

Now it was my turn to smile. Most guys would compliment me on my face or my body, but none had ever complimented me for my mind. I knew he liked me for more than my brain, but it was nice that he noticed that I had one. We drove for about twenty minutes before we arrived at a rather expensive looking hotel. Though I should clarify, the area was very high end, there were several expensive hotels, and my best guess was we were at the most expensive one. Kaleb parked in an open parking space, turned off the engine, turned to me, and said, "Wait here for just a moment please."

"Sure," I said.

He climbed out and walked into the hotel. He'd left the keys behind so I could listen to the radio. I found a local station playing Marvin Gaye's "Sexual Healing". I swear it felt like a sign I was doing was the right thing. Well, that's how I was taking it anyway. When the song ended, my door opened and Kaleb was standing there. He extended his hand and said, "Would you grab my keys and come with me please?"

I reached over, turned off his car, and started to hand him his keys, but he grabbed my hand, knelt down and said, "You know, I'm surprised you didn't just steal my car."

"Why would I?"

Kaleb smiled. "I love honesty and integrity. Shall we?"

I climbed out of his car and we walked into the lobby. I heard the car horn honk as we entered. The entrance was breathtakingly beautiful, what little I saw of it. Kaleb led me to the elevators, and we went up several floors. Neither of us spoke. The elevator rose up silently, then stopped. The doors opened, Kaleb took my hand and led me down the hall to a room. He slid a credit card key into the lock and we walked in. The room was quite amazing. There was a king size bed in the center of the room, two small end tables next to the bed on either side, a small table with two chairs by the door, a large flat-screened television above a beautiful dresser, and off in the corner, was a Jacuzzi bathtub. I paused and I took all of this in. Kaleb shut and locked the door behind us.

"Are you thirsty?" he asked me.

"Excuse me?"

"I said, are you thirsty?"

"Oh, um, yes."

Kaleb picked up the phone on the end table by the bed, dialed out, and said, "Yes, could you bring up a bottle of Domaine Leflaive Puligny-Montrachet Les Folatières Premier Cru, 2008 and a bottle of water.... Excuse me? Oh, Cheyanne? Cheyanne!"

"Yes?" I said when I realized he was talking to me.

"Do you prefer flat or sparkling water?"

"Flat."

"Hmmm, okay. Flat please."

He hung up the phone and said, "Please, sit down and relax."

I sat down at the table and looked around the room. Relaxing was something that wouldn't come easy. "This is a nice room."

Kaleb said, "It's all right."

"Do you stay here often?"

"No, this is my first time in this area."

"Oh," I said, thinking that maybe I should just stop talking. "So, where are you from?"

"All over," he said, being rather cryptic.

I decided this was getting me nowhere and that it was time to stop talking. Kaleb smiled and said, "Giving up already?"

"Excuse me?"

"You seem to be giving up."

"I guess I'm just nervous."

"Ah, that would explain it."

"Explain what?"

"Cheyanne, did you not think I'd check you out?"

"I guess most businesses don't do reference checks until after the interview."

"Well, not me. I do a full background check on anyone I might consider doing business with. I verified your education, spoke with your references, your former employer spoke quite highly about you and that you weren't afraid to do what it took to get the job done."

I smiled. I had always wondered what they might have said. "So you know all about me then."

"Indeed I do."

"And yet I know almost nothing about you."

A knock came from the door. Kaleb stepped over and opened it. A young busboy stepped in carrying a tray with two bottles and four glasses. He set the items on the table I was sitting by, opened the wine, and said, "Anything else sir?"

"No, I think that will be all for now," said Kaleb as he handed the busboy some cash.

The busboy looked at the money, smiled, and said, "Thank you sir."

He left the room and Kaleb poured two glasses of wine, handed me one, and said, "Here's to Starbucks that are really kiosks."

It was by far the best wine I'd ever tasted, which made me think it was pretty expensive. "Wow, this is amazing."

"Well, I do know my wines."

I took another sip and watched Kaleb sit on the bed. "Why did you ask me about the water?"

"You struck me as a sparkling water person."

"Huh. That's funny. I hate sparkling water."

"Really?"

"Yeah, it tastes awful. What about you?"

"What about me?"

"Do you prefer sparkling water or are you a flat water person like me?"

"Honestly, I can drink either, but my preference is flat."

I smiled. "So, we have something in common after all."

"Oh, I think we have more in common than you realize. Now, take off your jacket, please."

"Excuse me?"

"Darlin', I didn't bring you here for a wine tasting. Now, take off your jacket."

I had almost forgotten why I was here. I set my glass on the table, stood up, and removed my jacket. I gently laid it on the back of my chair so it wouldn't become wrinkled.

"Now the skirt."

I took a deep breath. I had agreed to come here; I had agreed to do this, I knew what we were going to do. We were consenting adults. He hadn't forced me to be here, I made the choice. I reached behind me, unzipped my skirt and slowly slid it down my legs, carefully stepping out of it. I picked it up, folded it, and set it in the chair with my jacket.
