 (For those of you who have read Chapters 1&2, thanks so much for all the feedback. If you have read the first two chapters, you might notice the action here actually takes place before the action in Chapter 2. It's just how the ideas came to me. Thanks!)

*

I climbed the subway stairs, nervously jumping two at a time. A herd of teenagers with skateboards barreled down, and I barely avoided getting knocked on my ass. As I reached the top of the stairs, feeling a cold blast of wind whipping down the street, I wondered what I had gotten myself into.

I had placed an unusual amount of trust in a woman I barely knew, handing her a spare set of keys to my apartment after she had spent exactly one evening there. Granted, it was a very eventful evening. Carmen picked me up in a cab after night court the week before, and after she got into a fight with her ex over the phone, I invited her up to my apartment to settle down. One thing led to another, which led to a night of the most spectacular sex of my life. Afterward, Carmen told me she needed to make some extra cash, and suggested she could come around to my place a couple of times a week and clean it up, make it more hospitable. 

I don't know whether it was the haze from the great sex, the exhaustion from the great sex, or the desperation at the thought she might not return, but I agreed. I gave her a copy of my keys the next morning, even though she said she wouldn't be able to come back for a week, because of her grad school duties. Now, as the week had passed, I was nervously walking up the block, thinking I would be pleasantly surprised if there were still furniture in my apartment.

I stopped in the store on the corner of the block, and bought a bottle of water. Despite the bracing wind, I stood outside on the corner and slowly drank the entire sixteen ounces of water. I watched a few mothers cajoling their bundled up children to keep up as they walked up the block. I was afraid to go home and find Carmen had cleaned out my apartment. I was even more afraid to go home and find she simply hadn't come.

I tossed the empty bottle into the trash can on the corner and turned to face the music. I was halfway up the block when I saw the silver Lincoln town car with the taxi license plate, parked ten feet away from my building. My stomach twisted as I approached the car, but I recognized the Cuban and American flag decals pasted to the passenger window. I looked into the interior of the car, and caught my smiling reflection.

I spun around and nearly toppled a woman walking behind me.

"Sorry!" I yelped, grabbing the woman's arm. "I didn't see you . . . oh, hi, Hannah."

I recognized my downstairs neighbor, Hannah Morton, as she steadied herself for a moment before rising to her full six-foot height.

"Hello, Manuel," she said curtly as she tugged on her red overcoat. "you should be more careful where you are walking."

"I know," I offered meekly. "I was lost in thought."

We both turned and walked of the front of the building. Climbing the cement steps, I reached into my pocket and pulled out my keys. I pushed the door open and held it for Hannah, being as gallant as I possibly could. As she passed, I noticed she smelled like lavender.

"I never get lost in thought on the street," Hannah said over the clacking of her chunky heels on the linoleum tile. "You never know who might be out there."

I followed her to the mailboxes and slipped by as she opened her box. I frowned for a moment when I saw my empty box.

"No mail today?" Hannah asked.

"Guess not," I chuckled, smiling and wondering where Carmen had put the mail.

"You're better off," Hannah sighed as she grabbed the handrail and started up the stairs. "If it isn't a bill, its another offer from a credit company inviting me to go deeper in debt."

"No letters from the family?"

"They mostly email and call at this point."

Hannah's coat was mid-length, stopping just above the knee, and cream colored slacks stretched down, barely avoiding sweeping the floor.

"How were the kids today?" I asked as we reached the third floor landing. On the odd occasions we ran into each other in the building, Hannah and I mostly talked about our jobs. She taught English to seventh and eighth graders at a school for gifted children.

"You know how it is, one minute they're angels, the next they're monsters." she chuckled as she took off her beret, letting a mass of strawberry blond curls spill down around her shoulders.

"They sound a lot like my clients."

"Yes, but I have more angelic days," she laughed as she opened her door. "Have a good night, Manuel."

"Same to you," I answered. 

Turning around, I finished the climb to the fourth floor. Standing ten feet away from my door, I swallowed hard, wondering what I might find inside.

"Only one way to find out," I whispered, sticking my key in the deadbolt lock and turning it. 

Momentarily satisfied when I heard the click of the lock, I turned the knob and pushed the door open.

Carmen was on her knees, facing away from me, rummaging through a cabinet underneath the kitchen sink. Her round, full ass was attractively wrapped in mid-length denim skirt, and tight blond curls tumbled around her shoulders, over a white tee shirt. It sounded like she was muttering.

"What are you looking for?" I half shouted.

"Where's the furniture polish?" she asked in her husky, lightly accented voice, not even turning around.

"Furniture polish?" I stared in the air as I set my briefcase on the floor. "I don't think I've ever owned furniture polish."

"Of course not," she huffed. Pushing herself off the floor, she grabbed a pen off the kitchen counter and scribbled on a piece of lined paper. "Your shopping list is already fifteen items long, and I've only been here an hour." She turned around and walked past me toward the living room.

"Hi, nice to see you too."

As I looked in the living room, I was struck by how orderly everything looked. Granted, I had picked some stuff up in anticipation of her coming, but it looked so different. No clothes lying around, newspapers in a pile next to the couch, and mail in a couple of neat stacks on the dining table. The dish drain was full of plates and glasses still dripping water. All in all, it looked perfectly normal.

"You've been busy," I smirked.

"You're a pig," she snorted in response. "I haven't even started with the bathroom yet. It might take two days by itself."

She walked over to the front door and picked up my briefcase.

"I cleared a pace over here, by the bookcase. You can set it there when you come-"

Her next words were lost, smothered by my mouth crushing hers. I slid my arm around her waist and pulled her tightly against me, grinding my groin into hers. Her tongue darted into my mouth as I pushed her back against the refrigerator. Grabbing a fistful of hair in her hand, Carmen yanked my head back hard.

"It doesn't take you long to get started," she panted.

"I've been thinking about you all week," I smiled, leaning forward.

"Not so fast, lover," she huffed, sticking a hand in my chest and pushing me back a step, slipping out and walking into the living room and sitting down on the couch.

"What's wrong?" I asked moving to the couch and sitting next to her. She moved away.

"You need to understand something," she said soberly. "I was not making a joke when I came up with this idea last week. I do need the money for my rent. And you really need this apartment cleaned."

"I understand."

"No, you don't. You probably jerked off this week, thinking about me in some French maid outfit with crotchless panties, bending over to dust something so you could stick that lead pipe in your pants up my coochie."

"You're panties weren't crotchless," I grinned. "I ripped them off you."

"Don't start with me, papi. I'm not asking you to pay me for sex. I'm not a whore."

"I never said you were."

"No, you didn't, but I don't want you thinking it. I might have jumped you because I wsa pissed off at my ex, but I stayed because I like you." I reached over and took her hand, holding tight when she tried pulling away.

"I don't care whether you were pissed off or whatever. Last Saturday night was one of the best nights of my life, and not just because you are a sexual artist. You are funny and smart and easy to talk to and I enjoyed all of that. Sure, I thought it was weird, you offering to come here and clean, but I was happy you offered, because I knew it meant you wanted to come back."

Sliding toward me, Carmen pressed her palm against my face. I rubbed my cheek against her hand, savoring the warmth I felt. Leaning forward, she began kissing my neck. Slipping my fingers through her blond curls, I pulled off the scrunchie she had used to bunch up her hair, letting her hair fall down around her shoulders. I moaned softly as she reached up and loosened my tie.

"Papi," she whispered, "I wouldn't have come back if I didn't want to. But I didn't come back just because of your huge, thick, gigantic throbbing dick."

He hand slid down as she breathed hot and heavy in my ear, coming to rest on top of the almost painful bulge in my trousers.

"Mmmmmmmm, look who's joined the party," she giggled as her palm slid up and down over my erection. " Has he gotten bigger, baby?"

"I've been doing exercises all week," I laughed. "I didn't want to disappoint you."

"Not fucking lightly," she moaned as she tugged at my zipper, dragging it down before slipping her hand inside my pants.

Her fingers slipped inside my boxers, and she wrapped two of her fingers around the shaft, squeezing and giggling at the strained sound coming from my throat. She slowly withdrew my prick from my boxers and gently stroked it.

"Good God, baby" I grunted as her fingers stroked faster. I was already light-headed.

"Bite my neck, papi," she cried softly. Tilting her head to the side, I grazed her neck with my teeth, grabbing a fold of flesh and squeezing it tight. Her fingers gripped my shaft tighter as she sighed.

"I'm not having sex with you so you can pay me," she whispered as her fingers slid faster up and down the shaft. "I'm cleaning this apartment so you can pay me. I'm fucking you because you have the best goddamn dick I've ever had."

"Then shut up and fuck me. You can clean the apartment up later, if you still have the energy."

Pushing her back until she let go of my cock, I laid down on top of Carmen, covering her mouth with my own. Her legs slid up and wrapped around my waist, pressing my erect cock under her skirt, rubbing against her silky panties. Her ass arched up, pushing her pussy against my shaft. Writhing together on the couch, our hands slid up and down the length of our bodies, trying to record some tactile memory to be stored away for future use. Carmen grabbed my tongue with her teeth, tugging on it as I moaned. She laughed wildly after she released my tongue.

My hands slide down until they found the bottom of her white cotton tee shirt. Leaning up, Carmen gave me room to slide the shirt off. A lacy white bra covered her huge breasts, showing off the large, dark areole and stiff nipples, already big as cherries. I grabbed her right nipple between my fingers and squeezed it.

"Mmmmmmmmm, papi," she groaned as I twisted the hard bud. "I love how you play with my titties. Just rough enough."

Sliding the straps of her bra down, Carmen slipped her large twin orbs from their lacy captivity, presenting them to me.

"Suck my titties, lover. It makes my pussy so wet when you suck them."

My hand encircled her left breast as I sucked in a mouthful of the right. My tongue flicked against the engorged nipple, and I caressed and squeezed the other. Groaning with delight, Carmen snaked her fingers through my hair, holding my head down on her breast.

"Suck it, baby, I can feel how hungry you are. Mami is sorry she made you wait all week."

I ground my throbbing prick against her panties, pressing my manhood against her loins as I greedily gorged on her bosom. I felt the wetness soaking her panties, and I wanted to bury myself in it, live in it. Gripping her nipple with my teeth I pulled hard on it, rejoicing at her anguished response.

"Oh God, papi, yesssssss," she cried, her free hand digging into my forearm. "Bite it harder, fuck that feels so good!"

Her hand slid over to her left breast, covering my hand. Together, we squeezed and fondled the huge globe, pushing Carmen further down the road to ecstasy.

Releasing her breast from my mouth, I sat up and grabbed her hand, pulling her up to me. As my hands slid up and down her back, I ravished her face with kisses, my lips starting on her chin and covering every inch of her face until I savaged her mouth. As our tongues danced inside her mouth, she climbed on top of me, straddling me and grinding her crotch against my manhood.

"Why aren't you naked yet, papi?" she panted.

"I was about to ask you the same thing." I groaned as she sank her teeth in my neck. 

She unknotted my tie, sliding the silk off my neck. Undoing the buttons of my shirt, she pressed her lips against my chest as she undid each button Slipping off my lap as she reached my waist, she loosened my belt and unbuckled my trousers, gripping the waistband of my boxers and yanking it all down until my rock hard prick sprang free.

\"Oh God, its beautiful, just like I remembered," she whispered as her left hand wrapped around the shaft, fingers not quite making it all the way around as she stroked it

"I've been dreaming about your cock all week, papi. One day, in the library, I couldn't stop thinking about it, and I had to go to the bathroom and get myself off.

Stretching the foreskin back to free the head, she flicked her tongue back and forth around it, making me squirm in my seat.

"I got so loud in the stall, a girl climbed up on the next toilet and looked in."

"What did she do when she saw you?" I grunted while she stroked me.

"Nothing," she smiled. "She just watched while I finished getting myself off. Then she asked if she could lick my fingers."

"Did you let her?"

"Yeah. While she was licking my fingers, I whispered in her ear, telling her how big your dick is. Poor baby almost fainted."

"You dirty bitch."

"She asked if she could meet you sometime."

"Bring her over," I moaned when Carmen pinched the head between her fingers. "I can get her to do my laundry."

"What a funny man," Carmen said with a sharp edge, and dug her nails into my thigh.

"Fuck! " I yelled. "Can't take a joke?"

"Only the funny ones , baby," she said, sticking her tongue out at me before sliding her mouth halfway down the shaft. I gasped, grabbing the back of the couch as she sucked me deep and hard. Her hand massaged my balls as her head slowly rose, then sank back down on my prick.

"Damn, baby, you do that so well."

I twisted my fingers around in her blond locks while she throated more of my throbbing penis. Her tongue rubbed against the underside of the shaft, and she cradled my balls in the palm of her hand. My head laid on the back of the couch, rolling from side to side, lolling with pleasure when a sudden, piercing pain radiated from my cock.

"Oh, fuck!" I yelled as Carmen's teeth dug into the shaft and scraped upward. Her hands dug into my thighs, holding me down while her teeth scraped my prick. I howled until she reached the head, which she held between her lips and gently sucked, making me writhe on the couch, even as the pain in my cock ebbed.

"Shit, baby, are you trying to kill me?" A throaty laugh was her only response, as her head sank down again, taking my cock even deeper. I felt the head hit the back of her throat, and moaned while she made gurgling sounds. 

She sucked me hard and squeezed my balls. It felt like my temples were going to burst.

"Fuck, mami, I'm about to shoot," I panted. Her head slid up until the head of my cock popped out from between her lips.

"I ate an early lunch. I've been waiting for hours. Feed me, papi," she moaned before stuffing half my cock back into her mouth.

The dam burst and I flooded her waiting mouth with ropes of hot, salty semen. She coughed as the first shot hit her mouth, but she kept my cock firmly in her mouth as blast after blast rocketed from my prick, filling her mouth with my essence.

"Yesssssssss," I groaned loudly as Carmen sucked the last of the semen out of me. My fingers ran through her hair, caressing her head as the last drops of cum dribbled out of my cock.

Slowly, Carmen withdrew my cock from her mouth. Bubbles of cum were on her lips as she climbed off her knees into my lap. Her tits pressing against my chest, she brushed her lips on my shoulder and neck, bringing them up to my mouth. Her tongue poked between my lips as she kissed me. I tasted the saltiness of my cum on her tongue. Her mouth open wider, and she dribbled more cum from her mouth to mine.

As she fed my cum into my mouth, my hands slid down her body. Grabbing the hem of her tight denim skirt, I hiked it up until it was bunched around her waist. My fingers slipped down the back of her silky white panties, slipping into the crack of her ass. A groan escaped her lips as my fingers slid up and down in her crack. I sucked on her tongue, licking the remnants off cum I had just deposited there. 

"Mmmmmmmm, you like how that tastes, baby?"

I moaned as I nibbled on her shoulder.

"I love your cum, all thick and salty."

She stiffened suddenly.

"Oh, God, you're fingering my asshole."

Nibbling on her ear, I rubbed my fingers back and forth over the tight pucker of her rear.

"You like how that feels, mami?"

'Mmmmhmmm," she moaned.

"Anybody ever take you back there?"

"Couple of guys. Nobody half as big as you, papi."

"We can change that." I said as the tip of my index finger penetrated her back door. She shuddered, resisting for a moment, then releaxing enough to let my fingr slide in down to the first knuckle. Grabbing her left tit with my free hand, I held it up so I suck it,. Strangled groans came out of Carmen's throat as I filled my mouth with her tit flesh and sucked hard. My finger worked its way inside her ass, past the second knuckle.

"Ohhhhhhhh," she cried, her ass contracting and loosening around the invader. Me teeth tugged on her nipple. Her fingers bunched in my hair, gripping it tightly as her body rose and sank in my lap.

"My body's on fire, papi. My pussy's almost gushing."

"I can feel your wetness, baby, I feel it."

"Put another finger in my ass, papi, I want another one."

Releasing her breast from my mouth, I pulled her head down, kissing her ferociously as I forced my middle finger into her rectal passage. Grunting into the kiss, Carmen ground her lips against me as I opened her brown eye wider, sliding my fingers in and out of her asshole.

Tossing her head backward, Carmen screamed, "Goddamn it, you're driving me crazy! Its too fucking good!"

Her body rocked in my lap as my fingers sunk all the way into her anal canal. She shuddered and leaned against me, flinging her arms around my neck and violently grinding her pussy against my lap.

"Ohhhhhh, fuck, I'm cumming!" she screamed, bucking her hips, her tits flopping up and down. 

Her rectum clamped down on my fingers and squeezed, the walls of her ass rubbing hard against my digits. Grabbing my head, she pushed my face in between her tits, smothering me while her body rode the shattering wave.

Sputtering for breath, I wrapped my free arm around her waist and clutched her body as she slowly descended from her ecstatic peak.. 

Starting at the top of my head, Carmen plasterd soft, wet kisses across my scalp, forehead, and on both sides of my face, until she reached my mouth, which she took urgently. My fingers slide slowly out of her anus, and I clutched her tightly as we devoured each other.
