 At some point in the future my wife and our kids and I are going to be sitting around talking and our kids are going to ask me how I met their mother. I've already decided that I'm going to have to lie to them because a lie would be so much easier for them to believe than the truth.

The truth is that I met Beth at a party in college. I don't think I'll mind telling my kids that part, but what I don't think I'll ever be able to tell them is that Beth and I didn't even know each other's names until after she had given me a blowjob in front of around 100 people that were at the party. 

Here's how it happened.

It was the spring of my senior year in college, there was just one more week until finals. My former girlfriend had dumped me three months before and I was still down in the dumps about it. A friend of mine convinced me to go to the knock down drag out end of year party that his frat was having.

Well I wasn't in much of a party mood, so I figured I'd just go and hang out for a few hours then split. The party was already going when I got there so I found a spot on one of the couches and started talking to some people that I knew. 

I don't recall having that much to drink so I'm still not sure if I passed out or if I just fell asleep, but one minute it was a little after 8:00 and I was alone on the couch, the next then I know I open my eyes to find a beautiful brunette sucking and stroking my cock.

I could see the clock on the wall, and it said that it was 11:30 so I knew that I'd been out for quite awhile. The thing I didn't know was how the hell did I end up with a chick's mouth on my cock?

It took me a few seconds to realize that the party was still going on, and as I looked around I noticed that pretty much everybody in the room was staring at us as I sat there and she worked on my cock. I thought about pushing her off of me, but it felt so damn good that I didn't want her to stop.

I shifted a little in my seat and she looked up and saw that I was awake and she smiled around my cock but she kept working on it. After about ten more minutes she brought me off in her mouth, stood up and turned to show everyone my cum in her mouth to a round of thunderous applause.

I sat there dumbfounded by the whole thing, but then the girl turned back around, reached down, put my cock back in my pants and sat on my lap.

"Hi, I'm Beth." Beth said with a giggle.

"I'm Rob." I said.

"Hi Rob, it's very nice to know the name that goes with the cock." Beth said giggling again.

"Not that I'm going to complain, but how is it that you ended up, you know...doing that?" I asked.

"Well, some of my friends of mine and I saw you sitting over here all passed out and we were worried that you'd had too much to drink. We asked around to see if anybody knew you. A few guys said that they knew you and they told us about the way your ex cheated on you. We all felt sorry for you, then the guys old us that you had the biggest cock in the place. We were curious just how big it was and kept asking them to tell us how big it was. Finally one of the guys said that one of us girls should just come over here and find out, but that if we touched it to find out how big it was that we had to suck it." Beth said.

"So you sucked my dick just because you and your friends wanted to see how big it was?" I asked.

"Uh huh, and I'd say they were right. I doubt any of the other cocks here came close to yours. Once they saw it the other girls were so jealous that I got to suck it instead of them." Beth said.

"So now what do we do?" I asked.

"Now we go back to my apartment and spend the rest of the night fucking." Beth said.

"That sounds pretty good to me." I said.

We spent much more than the rest of that night fucking. I proposed to Beth four days later and we've been together ever since. 

I think when they ask how I met their mother I'll tell the kids that we were set up on a blind date, I'm definitely not gonna tell them that their mother had swallowed my cum before either of us knew the other's name.