 How I Seduced A Highway Patrolman!! A true story.

I grew up in a small town in the middle of the Mohave Desert. I was newly divorced, 24 years old, and working at a local restaurant on the graveyard shift. Being that I was the only place in town open all night, that is other than the truck stop across town, I use to get nightly visits from the deputies from the Sheriffs Dept as well as the Highway Patrol who were on duty.

I forgot to tell you that not only was I 24 years old, I weighed about 130 lbs and had an incredible tan. So, I guess you could say that I was a very attractive lady, that could turn any head in any room I walked into.

So anyhow back to my story, these nightly visits were quite welcome. Not only did they make me feel that I was safe, but there was this Highway Patrolman who just took my breath away when he walked through the door. He was tall, dark and handsome. Not to mention, he looked totally awesome in that uniform and he had a smile that would melt any girls heart.

After several weeks of his nightly visits, we finally had a chance to talk. You see he was on duty alone that night and the weather was pretty shitty, so he sat drinking coffee and basically just shot the shit for several hours. He talked about his life and told me he was married and had a couple kids. It was nice listening to him share with me, but if he only knew what I was thinking while he talked, he surely would have never came in again. That is so I thought, anyways.


A couple of more weeks went by and every time he walked in I thought that I would literally cream all over myself. There was a couple of times that after serving them their order, I would run off to the bathroom to play and relieve myself. Then I would go back out there blushing, just knowing that he knew what I had been doing. During those couple of weeks, I had fantasized about him and I having a secret meeting somewhere and ravishing each others bodies. I did care that he was married. I just wanted a few hours of his precious time all to myself so that I could have my way with him. It didn't matter to me if I ever talked to or saw him again, just as long as I could have my way with him. I started to plan just how I was going to arrange this meeting.

A friend of mine had been a dispatcher for the Sheriffs Dept. for a number of years, so I asked her if she could find out just what nights he had off and what nights he worked. She found out the info for me, although she did seem a little curious why I wanted to know. I just said that I was wondering and we left it at that.

I think it was a Thursday and I decided that today was the day. I knew he got off work at 11:00 p.m., so I went to the adult bookstore and bought myself some lingerie that I knew would knock him on his ass when he saw me. I had purchased a black leather push-up bra, a black leather thong, a black leather garter belt and of course black thigh high stocks. I thought to myself when trying these things on, if this doesn't do the trick the guy is bound to be a queer. 

So I spent the evening getting myself ready. I took a long hot bath, shaving all areas of my lean, suntanned body clean. I took extra time making sure that there was not a one nick or even a single hair left on my pussy. I then put on my make-up, making sure to make my eyes look cat eyed and I gave myself one of those freshly fucked hairdo's. I then stood in front of the mirror and watched myself while I got dressed. First the thong, then the garter, next the stockings, then the bra and last but not least 4" come fuck me pumps. I had to admit that I did look damn good. I then put a cherry flavored life savor in my cunt, dapped on some $80 an ounce perfume. Threw on a long overcoat, got in the car and arrived in the parking lot realizing that his car was already there. I knew that he had gone in to do reports and to change, so I sat in my car and smoked a cigarette hoping to settle some of the butterflies in my stomach. 

I looked in the rear view mirror and saw someone walking out, but it wasn't him. After that person got out of the parking lot, I got out of my car and stood next to it. Then the door of the station opened and there he stood. As he walked towards me, I could see the smile on his face growing bigger, he had every reason in the world to be smiling. Before him stood a beautiful woman, dressed in smile, a open trench coat and all she was wearing underneath was some incredible lingerie. He walked up to me and ask what was up. I told him that I didn't care that he was married, that I didn't even know his name for sure, but if he would give me just a couple hours of his time that I could guarantee that he would have the time of his life. With a smile, he leaned over whispering in my ear that it would be his pleasure. Then he lightly kissed my mouth, which sent chills all the way through me.

He told me to meet him in a hour down at a certain secluded spot on the lake and to be out of my coat waiting for him sitting on the hood of my car. I was breathless as I went to our meeting spot. I stopped at a small convenience store a bought a couple bottles of wine and went to where we were to meet. I sat and smoked another cigarette, drank a bottle of wine and tasted my juices to see if the life savor had melted. It had and my pussy just a sweet as it could be.

When he finally arrived, he walked over to me handed me a rose that was made out of a pair of red lace underwear and he gave me a long kiss. He then asked me to stand and turn around slowly while he shined a flash light on me so that he good get a good look at the present he was about to receive. When I had turned a complete circle, he lifted me up by the waist and set me back down on the hood of my car. I immediately crossed my legs , but he uncrossed them and wedged himself between my thighs. 

He told me have great I looked and that this was something that he had thought about, but never excepted to come true. He then slowly and gently laid my back against the windshield and started to kiss my neck, then the cleavage between my breast, down my stomach, and then he removed my t-back. All of the sudden, I could feel him part my pussy lips as he darted his tongue deep inside me. I screamed in pure delight as he dove deeper with his tongue into my already dripping snatch.

Then he stopped, looked up at me licking his lips and with a smile said, "That has got to be the sweetest pussy I have ever tasted. He then asked me to stand and turn around and place my hands on the car. I did as I was told and he leaned over me whispering in my ear, "Do you trust me"?

Finding it hard to swallow I said, "Yes, I do". He then lifted one hand at a time and pulled it gently behind my back, cuffing each one. Then he turned me around and told me to drop to my knees. I did as I was told. He then unzipped his pants and out came an already ready hard cock just waiting to be sucked. I took him deep in my mouth, swallowing as much of him as I could. He took hold of my head and slowly at first, fucking my mouth in steady rhythm. 

Allowing his cock to come all the way out till just the tip was in my mouth and then he would plunge deep into my throat. On the outward strokes, I would take my tongue and do small circles around the shaft of his throbbing cock. on the downward strokes, I would wait until his cock could go no farther and I would swallow hard. 

I don't know how long this went on before there was a light in my eyes as he said that he wanted to watch as he came all over my beautiful face. I just looked up at him with longing eyes and started begging him to cum on me. Which he did with a deep moan and after came he reached down picking me back up to my feet. He then pulled a bandana from his pocket and wiped the cum from my face, followed by a deep passionate kiss.

He then told me that since I did just as he asked and that I had begged so well it was my turn. He uncuffed me, only to recuff my hands above my head to the cage of his patrol car. There I was handcuffed in the backseat of a cop car, barely dressed and fixing to get the treat of my life, or so I thought. He then looked at me with a sneaky smile and shut the back door, locking me inside. He then got in the front, started the engine and began to drive away from the lake towards town. I started to freak. "What if someone sees us", I yelled. "If we get caught you could lose your job and your family", I pleaded. But he just laughed and told me, "Don't worry, I have everything under control".

After just a few minutes, we arrived a the motel. He came around and opened the back door, reached in and uncuffed me, then he handed me my coat and told me to put it on. I did and stepped out of the car. He then picked me up throwing me over his shoulder. He then walked to a room and opened the door. Once inside, he tossed my on the bed spreading my legs wide. He dropped to his knees and started to finger fuck me with two of his fingers. Then he let his tongue start to tease my clit as he made little circles around it. I thought I was going to go out of my mind. Just when I was about to cum, I felt a finger slide up my ass and start to fuck me. I jumped and he just started moving his fingers faster. First in my dripping cunt and then my ass, all the while eating my clit like a hungry man who had eaten in weeks. I grabbed his head and screamed as I came all over his face and chest.

I then told him I wanted him to fuck me fast and hard. I turned over on my hands and knees and he slide his hard cock deep into my hot dripping cunt. I thought I would pass out, it felt so fuckin good. He picked up the pace of fuckin my snatch and then I felt him spread my ass cheeks wide as he slide not one, but two fingers deep in my ass. I instantly came and felt myself start to fade, but I guess he could tell my knees were getting weak because he slapped me hard on the ass. The pain felt fantastic and definitely brought me back around. He said to me, "I want you to feel me when I cum". Just then he pulled out of my cunt and without hesitation slid he wet cock deep in my ass. I came again just as he did. 

With that we both fell exhausted on the bed and cuddled for a little while. Thanking each other for such a great time. Then he dressed, gave me a long kiss and left me to spend the rest of the night alone in the room. The next night I went to work hoping that he would come in to see me, but he never did. Several weeks went by and still he never came in. Then one night his partner came in and told me that he had been transferred to another city. To this day I still don't know what his name was, but there is one thing that I know for sure. It does pay to be a little forward and ask for what you want you just might be lucky enough to get it.