 Continued from two previous posts. A true recollection of how I persuaded my wife to indulge me in a threesome with an old boyfriend of hers.

***

A knock at the door and Jan called down from upstairs for me to answer. We were expecting Howard and he was right on time. I took him into the lounge, the scene of our previous encounters where this old boyfriend of my wife's, from when she was a teenager, had become the second man in our threesome and made my fantasy come true. Well at least that was the part where my wife got to enjoy the attentions of another man. Last visit I was sent upstairs while Howard got to finally fuck my gorgeous wife. Jan had agreed this time, provided she felt comfortable and I didn't object we would share here completely. Object? I couldn't wait.

Howard sat on one of the sofas as before, anticipating Jan would sit between the two of us. She entered the room wearing a long satin dressing gown, tied in the middle to reveal her bare legs and I could just see the ribbon of the tie at the side panties that I had removed so dutifully before so Howard could gain full access to my wives pussy. She brought us drinks and herself a long glass of something cold with a lot of ice. She sat and smiled but did seem a little nervous. She is maybe not as confident as this account may suggest and it was only that she had thought through and planned every aspect that allowed her to proceed with apparent ease.

A soft porn movie was playing on the TV and we all made out as if to watch it, while we were really just waiting to get things started. I asked Howard if he had enjoyed himself on his last visit. He smiled and said he couldn't remember ever having a better time. I told him I had been very pleased that Jan had come straight up to me when he had left and taken very good care of me and said that he had done a very good job of fucking her. I asked if he would mind doing it again while I was there. He said not and that while he hadn't had a threesome before had often thought of it. We were all about to find out just how great it could be.

Jan had been stroking our legs as we sat next to her and told us both to stand and strip which we did dutifully. She opened the front of her gown to reveal more leg and her bare breasts. We both got to work sucking and squeezing her nipples and then Howard made first move between her legs to touch her pussy through the silky knickers. Jan's face was a picture and she was clearly in anticipation of the attention she was about to receive from two adoring men. She dropped to her knees and faced us both taking a cock in each hand began to slowly want us. She asked me to pass her drink and she took a good mouthful and held it there for a few seconds to make her mouth cold. She moved towards Howard's lap and took the tip and then shaft of his cock in her mouth. I noticed she had put on a brighter shade of lipstick and she was clearly enjoying feeling how hard our visitor was already. After only a few seconds she repeated the trick with the drink and took my cock inside her cold mouth. It was a really great sensation and she was moaning as she sucked, the vibration of which caused my cock to grow even more inside her mouth. 

She stood and removed her gown. We both stood and whilst she turned towards Howard to kiss him I moved behind her, untied the ribbons on her panties and let them fall to the floor. I cupped her tits in my hands and rubbed my hard cock against her arse only to feel Jobby already had his fingers caressing the lips of Jan's pussy. She had a hold of his cock and told us she wanted it inside her. She turned and kissed me full on the mouth and her tongue danced inside. She spun Howard around and told him to sit in the centre of the sofa. She made him move right to the back so that she could kneel up facing him and offered her tits to be sucked. She moved closer to him and rose up offering the lips of her cunt to the tip of his erect cock. His fingers entered her to ensure there was sufficient wetness so he could slip in with only a few short strokes and then she sank down right to the hilt with his balls almost inside as well. She rocked back and forwards and they started to kiss more a more passionately. I was feeling a little surplus to requirements but didn't want to spoil the moments they were enjoying. After they settled into a rhythm I stood behind Jan and took her tits in my hands and squeezed her nipples gently. I kissed the back of her neck and her ears and she was moaning gently with pure enjoyment. 

She slowed her rocking and knelt up allowing his cock to fall from inside her. She said don't worry I do want you inside me but I don't want my husband to be left out. She sat back on his lap facing me a lowered herself once again onto his cock. They picked up the pace again and I knew it wouldn't be long before she had a vast load of Howards cum inside her. Now I could kneel and suck at her tits and kiss her. She almost bit my tongue off when a few short deep strokes saw Howard shoot his load deep inside my wife and her stiffen, as she too reached climax. She sank back onto him and he reached forward to grab her tits. She leaned back and kissed him and then rolled forward off him and the sofa to take up a position on all fours on the floor and asked if I would like to have a go in her very went cunt. I reached down and felt a good squirt of cum about to exit but held it and used it to moisten my cock as I guided it to her from behind. Howard was still sat on the sofa enjoying the view and watching as I held her swinging tits as I doggy fucked this mature woman who appeared almost drunk with lust.

With so much spunk inside her it was amazing I managed to get sufficient friction to stimulate myself to orgasm, but I guess the whole event was just too much for me to possibly hold back and I shot my load to mix with Howards inside Jan's hole.

We had all come. Jan picked up her clothes and said she was off to bed. Howard looked a little shocked it had ended so abruptly but then realised he was invited. I asked if he had to get home early or at all and he said that he would be happy to stay the night if that was OK. It was. It was all planned by Jan. We entered the bedroom naked, having given her enough time to get cleaned up and feeling feminine again. She was laying under the satin sheets in the middle of the king-size bed and was naked also, we found as we each pulled back a side and slipped in beside her. After a few minutes of fingering and wanking each other Jan slipped under the covers to take each of us in her mouth in turn. She coaxed us both back to life and then knelt up, pushing the quilt from the bed and that's when she told me that Howard had such a wonderful cock that she was going to ask me if it was Ok for him to fuck her all night and let her go to sleep with him inside. I told her My darling I want you to have the best sexual experiences and am happy that you feel him all night and when you wake. 

She proceeded to straddle his cock, which was pointing up at the ceiling briefly before disappearing inside Jan's cunt. I noticed by now the lips were quite red with all the attention it had been getting, however well lubricated it was. As she jumped up and down on his cock she was calling out how he had the best cock that had ever been inside her and that he was so clever to squirt so much spunk inside her and that she wanted him more and more. Give him credit he once again delivered and I could see a little of the precious liquid escape down the shaft of his cock as it pumped in and out of my wife's pussy. Again I was presented with a beautiful cream pie to slip my cock into. 

She told me as she had before that she wanted to drink all of Howards cum and so I gave her half a dozen strokes and then took my cock out and gave it to her to suck off the spunk. I repeated this several times until it was all out of her pussy and in her mouth. 

Well in fact it wasn't in her mouth as she had swallowed each time I moved back to fuck her. After each time she had also kissed Howard and told him how good it tasted. Finally when I had tried and failed for the last time to get more of his cum for my wife to swallow she wrapped her arms around be forcing my cock deeper into her mouth. She sucked and sucked until I couldn't hold back and came for the second time that night inside her mouth. She relaxed her attention but didn't let me out and took every drop had to offer. She didn't release me until I had gone soft and she then opened her mouth and waggled her tongue to proves she had swallowed every last drop of both of our cum.

She then moved down to take charge of Howards cock once more. Her head in his lap her hand around the shaft gently encouraging it back to life. When there were signs it was responding her lips moved down and her tongue licked around his balls. He was tired and I think surprised himself when it rose enough for Jan to get the head down her throat and give him the treatment I had enjoyed not long before. That's the great thing with a threesome there will always be someone able to rise to the occasion and pleasure a lady. It took a good deal of patience on either side but Jan got him to almost orgasm 3 in her mouth when she rolled over and down and told him to get it inside her again. He obliged and was surprised at how wet she was again. He slipped in and after only a few strokes shot his load inside.

Jan kissed me and said this one was for the night and that we should go to sleep now and I went around and covered them up with the duvet, turned off the light and slipped into bed the other side and we all went to sleep. Me still leaking where I had been sucked off so expertly and Howard with his cock inside my wife who was leaking his come from her pussy.

We all slept soundly and the morning left us feeling a little nervous about what had taken place the night before. I don't think any of us really believed just how fantastic it was. We had breakfast and made small talk and Howard told us more of what he had been up to between when he and Jan parted all those years ago. I suppose that's what you call the cold light of day.