 It all starts with a knock on the door. The door is opened and they see each other, smiling, happy that they are together again. He walks in and pulls her into a hug and a slow deep kiss. She responds to him with no effort at all, closing her eyes and letting her hands roam over his chest. Breaking the kiss long enough to close the door and lock it they walk to the bedroom. They sit on the bed and talk for moment, catching up on the things that have happened while they have been apart from each other. 

His hand moves and comes to rest on her thigh. She can feel the warmth and strength that he has. Placing her hand on his thigh a smile crosses his lips; his eyes darken with thoughts of what he has come back to her for. Slowly her hand moves up his thigh and finds that he is already getting hard for her. He kisses her again with more heat and passion then before.

Laying back on the bed she runs her hand up his back as his weight softly settles on her. She loves the feel of him on her, the way he makes her feel soft, yet totally a woman that is also in control. He moves away from her only long enough to remove their clothes. Looking up at him she wonders in the back of her head what she did to deserve him. Moving back to the bed to lay next to her his hand resting in the center of her chest, he kisses her softly. 

Moving his lips from hers he kisses a path down her throat stopping just at the apex where her shoulder and neck meet and where her pulse beats. He places a lingering kiss there feeling the blood rush just under the skin. His hand moves over her breasts, making her nipples pucker and harden under his touch. Smiling she moves next to him trying to get closer. Her hand moves just enough and she can feel him, hard and pulsing.

Wrapping her hand around him she begins to stroke him. His breath catches in his throat and he lets out a small cat like purr. Nipping at her neck, his hand moves down her body to find the center of her heat. His fingers know exactly what to do to make her wet. He slowly begins to move his finger over her clit, sending little shock waves threw her body making her jump. Her grip tightens with the feeling of her own arousal building. 

Sucking on her nipple brings on another shock and she feels like she is on fire. He moves his fingers faster on her clit and she can’t help but move her hips into his hand. She’s stroking him faster also, making him pant and grow harder still. Then with out notice he moves down her body and places himself between her legs. He wraps his arms around her legs and with his fingers spreads her open for him to see all of her. Now that he has seen his fill he slowly sticks out his tongue and licks her clit. The taste of her is enough to send him over the edge.

He started slow at first but then he began to lick her clit faster. Sucking it into his mouth once or twice then pointing his tongue and almost fucking her with it. She couldn’t take much more if he kept going at that pace. Moving her hand down to rest on his head she tried to pull him up her body but he didn’t want to move. He was more than happy to stay there between her legs for hours just lapping her up, enjoying the flavor and scent of her. She was getting close and she wanted to hold back and wait for him to be inside her but he wouldn’t let her. She came with such force that she thought she was going to suffocate him between her legs when they closed around his head. 

Looking up at her he had the biggest grin on her face. He always knew what to do to make her come like she never had with anyone else she had been with, and god did she love him for that.

Moving up her body and placing small kisses on her hot skin as he went. He was finally where she wanted him. Just before he entered her, he kissed her. Tasting her self on his lips and his tongue just turned her on even more. Just then he moved his hips forward and entered her. He had a smile on his face that told her he was happy, he felt like he was home and everything would be fine. She placed her hands on his back scratching at him lightly as he moved within her. His balls began to slap against her ass. She was so slick with her own cum that it made the sound of his balls hitting her skin louder than what it should have been. She could feel every vein, every ridge and bump on his cock as it moved in and out of her. The faster he went the bigger he got. He was kissing her hard and with an urgent need. 

Then before she knew what he was doing he moved himself to the side. He was still in her and fucking her hard but he moved a hand down between her legs and was playing with her clit again. Her eyes went wide and he got that evil grin on his face, the one that meant she was in for trouble. Before she knew it she was panting a moaning again, then shaking and holding him tight against her as she came. That was now 2 for her and 0 for him. 

It was time for her to take a little revenge on him. Kissing him and shifting her weight they rolled and she was on top. Pinning his hands against the bed she pressed her hips down hard on him taking him in as far as she could. Looking up at her he smiled, but he couldn’t keep back the moan that escaped from his lips. She rode him hard and fast, making sure that she took him in all the way every time she was on the down stroke. Clenching her inner muscles around him and squeezing him tight was all it took for him to really start letting go. She knew that he had been holding back, but not any longer. His hands flew to her hips and began to move her harder and faster up and down on his ridged cock. 

It only took a few more minutes and he was groaning and growling like an animal with his orgasm. She fell against his chest as he kissed the top of her head and moved his hands up and down her arms. With their breath slowing she was starting to drift off when he moved her so she was laying next to him. She must have slept for a few hours because when she awoke the room was dark and she could feel something warm and wet licking at the top of her thighs. 

She looked down and saw that he was beginning to go down on her again. Before he could go any farther she moved out of his reach. He looked up at her with confusion on his face, but before he knew what she was doing he was flat on his back and his dick was in her mouth. His eyes began to roll into the back of his head with the feel of her tongue licking up and down the under side of his shaft, then licking around the sides and the tip. She could taste the drops of pre cum that had started to form. She moved and took all of him in, sucking lightly at first then harder as she moved her mouth up him. Her tongue was moving in circles around him as she bobbed her head up and down taking him out of her mouth then sucking him back in. 

He was breathing hard and fast and she could feel his balls begin to tighten with the anticipation of his orgasm. Keeping that in mind she began to suck harder, holding his balls in her hand massaging them gently. He couldn’t hold back anymore and his hand went into her hair holding her there. His cock pulsed with his cum flowing into her mouth and she took it all in. She was sucking lightly on him and making sure that she took all that he had to offer. When he was done she smiled up at him. They were even now, 2 for 2 and they knew it. With both of them happy and covered in sweat they fell asleep; only to wake up the next morning and start all over again.

End