 We aren't swingers. Swinging is a whole other thing. We went to a party once and went to some gatherings in town but it wasn't right. It was too impersonal. We have friends we like to invite over. We get stoned and then naked and then things happen.

At first it was all about the girls. Neither of us thought we could handle watching the other person with someone, you know, it was okay for me to be with another woman. He was like any dirty old man, he liked to watch and that was fine. I am not necessarily into women but there is something about getting a woman off. I like the challenge of it. I like how much work it can be to get her excited. It is so completely unlike getting a guy off. Rather than being the recipient, I am the deliverer. I like it.

I had a regular playmate. Ramona was short, soft, and just the right amount of filthy. She let me do whatever I wanted to her and then would want more. She introduced me to a strap on. It was an entirely new experience fucking her like that. I liked the power in it. I liked to fuck her from behind. I liked to make her make those noises. 

She wanted more and that was when I finally let Derek fuck another woman. I needed him. While she straddled his hips I moved in behind her with little Derek strapped to my crotch. We both fucked her and she squealed. I wanted to feel that too. We switched positions. I put my strap on on her and she fucked my ass while I rode my husband. 

"You're turn." She said simply. The three of us rolling around in bed changed positions again. I set up on my knees and Derek took me from behind. While he was inside me, his cockring struggling to keep him hard Ramona entered his ass.

Derek doesn't normally make much noise during sex but he made noise that night - all sorts of marvelous noises. I loved it but was jealous. It was, after all, my little rubber cock. I never imagined he would let that happen. 

We didn't even talk about it for a week. Ramona had invited us over. I had said no. I was still feeling a little cheated. I was sure I would get back to normal and the minute I told her we were busy I felt bad and kicked myself for missing an opportunity. I was irritated with Derek for getting in the way of my fun time. I wanted the small woman spread in front of me as I licked and teased her until her whole body shook. He came home thinking it was a normal Thursday. During dinner he asked me what was wrong and I told him nothing and he knew for sure. We put the kids down and snuck away to the privacy of our own room.

It began like most of our talks with silence. He was in bed watching TV and staring at his phone. I stripped out of my work clothes. I had worn my tight black pants and moved quickly to put on something comfortable to sleep in. I didn't need him looking up while I was stripped down to my thong panties and bra. From my "comfy" drawer I yanked out one of his old tank top undershirts, a wife beater, and a pair of boy's briefs. I had bought the wrong size on accident one day and girls, if you haven't ever worn a pair of men's tighty whitey's you are missing out. I slipped into bed beside him and changed the channel.

"What's wrong, honey?"

"Nothing." I lied.

"Okay..." It was our typical argument. We were quiet for a while, some cop show on TV we stared and watched.

"Do we have plans this weekend?" It was an innocent enough thing for him to ask. I was the social secretary afterall and usually had something set for Friday night or Saturday.

"No."

"Oh."

"What's that mean?"

"Nothing." He said this time.

"I didn't plan anything. I guess you were hoping for a repeat of last weekend. I guess you will just have to make do with me." I knew I was being childish but it didn't matter.

"Ah." He said.

"What's that mean?"

"I didn't think it was a good idea. Honey, I like our little adventures. I won't lie. You know I like to watch you with one of your friends." He paused. I just looked at him. "Last weekend... We kind of broke some of our rules... I'm sorry. You know I don't expect that to happen again. It was a little over the top. It's probably good we take a little break."

"It was fine." I said.

"No, I know you don't like the idea of girl/boy penetration. Honestly, it's fine. I wont say it wasn't fun. I get it though."

"No. It was fine. I figured it would happen at some point."

"Should we... you know. Make it up to you?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, maybe find another guy for... Full swap? I don't want you to be left out. Would that make it fair?"

I sighed louder than I wanted to. He picked up on it. He got out of bed, came around to my side, put his hand out to me. He was wanted to go onto the back patio. It was a communication technique we picked up somewhere along the way. Sitting on the porch there were rules to our conversations we had to follow. It's kind of a long story. I knew it wasn't necessary. I knew I was being silly. I didn't want to go through the whole process.

"it's okay. Come back to bed."

"Tell me what is bothering you."

"Come back to bed." I said more firmly. He did what I told him but I felt his reluctance. Once he was back beside me I pulled him over to me and put his head on my belly. I teased his hair. I found myself amused by the role reversal. A typical Thursday would find me lying on his belly. I would tease his cock through his boxers amusing myself with the way it reacted as though it had a mind of its own. I would get him half hard and take him in my mouth. I found myself wishing I had a half hard cock for him to tease. It brought perfect clarity to my thoughts and I was, after almost a week, finally able to tell him what had me bothered.

"I actually didn't mind that part. I always thought I would. I guess, the craziness of it all made it okay. I think it would be okay next time too. I mean, we will want to see what Mony thinks, but you know, it would be kind of hot to take turns on her. That didn't bother me. I know. I am stupid. You know what bothered me? God, this is so dumb. I was jealous that... You know... she was the one that got to fuck you. With the thing? It's like she got you first. You, well, I never expected you to be... interested? Am I making sense?"

"Yeah. You are making sense." He said. 

"I want to make you make those sounds."

"Did I make different sounds?" he asked quietly.

"Oh yeah." 

"Hm..." he replied quietly. 

"You liked it."

"Hmmm..." he mumbled again. Communication is not necessarily our strong suit but occasionally after fifteen years together we know each other well enough to not have to communicate. Not with words anyway. Derek is an immense six foot four two hundred plus pounds of pure maleness. He is the provider. He is the hunter that brings home the beast for me to cook up. He loves football and power tools. He was not about to tell me he wanted me to fuck him in the ass. He wasn't about to admit he liked taking the rubber dick. He wouldn't say it was too gay for him, he was too progressive to say anything that prejudicial but I knew it was what he was thinking.

I nudged him off of me so I could get out of bed. He didn't say anything but he watched me walk around the bed. My little friend was in the bathroom where I had washed it. 

He couldn't watch me strip out of the underwear and pull it on nudging the little rubber nob into my pussy and pulling the straps down tight. It surprised me how excited I was. I felt it, all over. More by accident than anything else I caught my image in the mirror, a curvy broad with a dick. I snickered a little at the game I was about to start. Fuck it. I didn't get his anal virginity I was going to make the most of this. I pulled the men's underwear up over my rubber cock. It tented the same way he did. I walked out to find him laying back on his side of the bed.

Firmly, I instructed him to stand. He looked at me and my hard on. I thought he was scared until he spoke. His voice was quiet and tentative but curious and I liked it. "Are we doing this?" he asked me. It was the same half scared half excited thing Ramona had said the night I kissed her at happy hour and invited her back to our house.

Stand up. I told him. None of it was planned, it just came about naturally. I told him to drop his boxers and when I watched him kick them off his feet I saw him standing next to the pile of clothes I had taken off early. I am bad about using the hamper.

"Put those on." I told him. It sounded more like a question. I suspected him to say no. he reached into the pile. I meant the panties but the first thing he picked up was my bra. I was speechless when he wrapped it around his chest. Just barely he managed to get it clasped. I moved over to help him. I tugged and yanked at it to get it turned around right. The straps strained as he pressed his large arms into it but it had enough give in it to get the cups pulled flat across his chest. I didn't have to tell him to keep going he did it on his own pulling the panties up his long legs and over his thick muscular thighs. It popped and snapped as he forced it on but finally he had the little triangle of lace and satin over his balls. His cock, growing hard, stuck up and out. I couldn't help myself. I went for it and forced it to the side where it just barely tucked into the waist band.

"Sit down. On your knees. Here. On the floor." I stammered, my voice cracked. I was surprised I got the instructions out and shocked he listened. 

I was sure it was too much to ask but I asked anyway because it was making me insane just thinking about it. I stepped toward him and pulled his face to my crotch. He was hesitant he opened his mouth. He didn't pull it out of my briefs but instead did like I did, baring his teeth and teasing at it inside my briefs.

Its awkward to ask yourself if your husband had ever sucked a cock before so I chased the question out of my mind and just watched.

He teased a little more and then tugged the briefs off my waist and the rubber dick bounced free. He closed his eyes. He wrapped his lips around it. 

I honestly couldn't believe it happened. Its not like the strap on was that deep inside of me. The little rubber nob on the inside just barely entered me. My orgasm surprised me. It wasn't a big one but it was real, my knees went a little weak. My mouth dropped open.

He slid it in and out of his mouth. He moved back on his knees and I could see his strong ass split by the black strap of my thong. I watched him work it in and out of his mouth. Mother Fucker I thought. I had never seen anything like it.

I wanted to come for him.

I wanted a real cock that could fill his mouth.

I wanted him on his back covered in cum.

I wanted to fuck him.

"Get up on the bed." I told him. He opened his eyes, my cock deep in his throat. I reached down and pulled him down on my cock. "Oh, I can't wait to fuck that tight little ass!" I was too loud, too excited. I thrust my cock into his mouth and pulled on his head. I fucked his pretty little face. "You gonna take it for me? You gonna take that fat dick in your tight little ass?" My heart raced. I shafted his mouth a couple more times before pushing him off me.

he moved to the edge of the bed and stuck his ass in the air, the little G string parted his cheeks, his balls spilled out on either side of it. I grabbed the lube. He moaned when the cold hit his hole and then moaned louder when my finger entered him.

I was fucking mean about it. I kind of feel bad. I gripped him by the bra strap and shoved. 

"Fuck." He growled.

"Yeah!" I shouted in encouragement.

I grunted and moaned. I had never in my life put in the effort that I exerted fucking his tight little ass and he took every bit of it. "Fuuck!" the big man moaned. "Fuuuck it. Do it. Fuuuuck."

"Take it. Take that cock!" 

I came and I sweated and I yanked on my good bra until it snapped. I had reigns and I rode that little fucker. I took him as hard as I could. 

"Stop." He barked. I didn't listen.

"Stop!" he yelled louder. I kept fucking.

"Take that dick, bitch." I barked at him. It was too much. He sprung forward freeing himself from my shaft. He came at me a delirium and lust and anger and kinky frustration. He caught me before I could step away, he pulled my arm and I was helpless to fight him off.

"Where is it?" He barked. "The lube?"

"There." I pointed at the floor. I was spread across the bed, the strap on penis pointing at the ceiling. I watched him slather a fistful of the slippery clear goo onto his swollen cock. 

"Over." He commanded.

"Yes!" I hissed, assuming the position.

I'd never thought about it but the strap on was strangely designed in the back and now, with the little nub pressed against my raw clitty I discovered he was perfectly capable of fucking my ass without removing my little friend.

It hurt when he entered me and it hurt when he pulled my hair but it hurt in that good way and I clenched my teeth and took every inch of his dick. I didn't come but it wasn't about that. It was about the power and the surrender. He was furious in his movements and pounded away, my ass slapping against his hips. I didn't feel him come. It wasn't until he pushed me away, done with me, and I felt his hot load begging to spill out of my ass that I knew he had filled me. I held it in. I liked it inside my ass. He left me there and disappeared. I heard the shower running.

I was naked, my little contraption hidden beneath my bed to be cleaned in the morning, when he returned from the bathroom. He was large and wet and beautiful. 'Coem here, baby.' I told him.

We were back to normal. I cooed lightly, he was silent, we made love kissing and touching and I had one of those little orgasms that just seems to bounce around down there forever. When we were done we pulled the covers up to our chins and clutched onto each other. It was peaceful and beautiful and wonderful.

"Did you like that?" I asked him.

"No." he said quietly.

It was a long time before I spoke again. I thought he might have gone to sleep from his breathing. "But we are going to go it again?"

"Okay." He said.

"It's not gay." I told him.

"I know."

"I'm going to call Ramona tomorrow."

"Okay."

"I want to watch you."

"Okay."

"We can take turns. Does that sound fun?"

"Okay." He said.

I wondered if he knew it was a trap. My mind spiraled out of control in the most wonderfully devious way. I wondered if I was going to be able to pull it off.