 "I'm sure that's his car," a female voice said. "I don't exactly know the license plate number, but I am pretty sure."

"Well," my dad's voice responded, getting closer, "Did you tell him to come here after school?"

"No. Did you?"

Then I saw my father and a young-looking blonde bombshell. They stood right next to us by the hallway, looking at Kevin and I, standing extremely close to each other against the wall.

We all stood there, starring at each other, shocked. 

Recognition chimed on the blonde's face. "Kevin? I thought that was your car. What are you doing here?"

Kevin looked at the blonde for a second, then looked at me. He released me a little more, but still stayed in a close distance. He looked back at the woman with my dad who was obviously waiting for an answer.

"I'm just hanging out with my girlfriend. What are you doing here?" Kevin's eyebrow rose, questioning the woman.

G-g-girlfriend?

Then the blonde grabbed my father's hand and tangled her fingers through his. "I'm just hanging out with my fiancé!" Her giggle that followed pierced through the air, ringing in the small hallway.

Was that his mom? She was obviously trying very hard to be young again if it was.

Awkwardness hung in the air between me and my father. So this was his soon-to-be wife. It wasn't a great way to meet her, but hey, at least I knew who she was and what she looked like. And if she was at all related to Kevin, she wasn't going for my father for his money.

"Well," the blonde broke the silence. "I was just talking to my Mike-y here about going out to dinner and getting to know each other. I know Kevin knows Mike, but I don't really know you. And since we are all here..." she trailed off.

Kevin already knows Mike? Kevin knows my father?! So for a year, my dad has been the father of another kid (a POPULAR kid!) while he left me in this dump? To say I felt mad was an understatement. I needed some time to think this over.

Kevin had other plans. "That sounds like fun. Hey, and Mike, maybe after we can go back to my place and play some Black Ops. Shoot some people." He laughed, and so did my dad. The seemed like they had known each other for a while now. Which obviously made me feel like shit, because I was the one left out, like always. Had my father never thought of introducing me to his girlfriend and her son?

"As if Kevin," the blonde spat. "Mike's mine tonight!" She let out another giggle and pulled him closer to her.

I felt sick. This wasn't happening. They were already like the perfect family. And here I was, watching from the outside. For the second time today, I started pinching myself, trying to wake up from this dream.

As my dad and the blonde got into their own private conversation for a minute, Kevin turned to me. Then he looked down at me pinching myself.

"Why do you do that?" he asked while pulling on my hand, making me stop grabbing my own skin between my fingers.

"Do what?"

He looked into my eyes, smiling. "Pinch yourself. You did that on the ride over here, too."

"Oh." I looked up at him. "Nervous habit I guess." I shrugged.

He laughed. "You're so cute, you know that?"

I could feel myself blush. He kept looking straight into my eyes, and suddenly they darkened.

He took a step closer and leaned his lips down to meet mine.

"Kevin! Are you even listening?" the blonde called out.

Kevin stepped back once more. "What, Natasha?"

Natasha? Who calls their mother by their first name?

"I was just asking if that little Italian bistro would be cool for dinner tonight. God, that's why I wasn't even going to invite you to dinner, little bro," Natasha nagged.

Little bro? Did that mean that my dad wasn't marrying my boyfriend's... (was Kevin my b-b-boyfriend) mom? 

Kevin laughed. "I'm here already, so oh well. And sure, the Italian bistro sounds cool. What do you think, Danielle?"

Wow. I sucked in a breath. Did Kevin Dermit just say my name? How did he even know my name?

"Yeah," I croaked. My eyes widened and I cleared my throat.

Then my eyes shot over to my dad. My dad! He hadn't said a word to me since he walked in. And he had almost seen me kiss a boy! Oh God. This was not the situation I wanted to be in right now. I hated social situations; I needed to run away.

"Well, then. I guess we'll meet you there," Natasha said. "I think I forgot to pick something up at the store," she said, giving a wink to my father. "Would you give me a ride over to my house, so I can pick up my car?"

Oh, puke. Everyone in the room knew what Natasha was asking; she wanted sex from my father. To me that just screamed 'ew'. My dad was just old...

Kevin made a face at his sister, dramatizing his disgust. "Ew, Nat. Just go, why don't you?"

Natasha let out another giggle, and started pulling my father out of the hallway, taking him the short distance to the door.

Finally, he spoke up. "I don't want anything happening between you two under my roof, got it? And I expect to see you at the restaurant at six."

"Yes, Dad."

"Yes, sir."

Then the front door shut. And a second later, I felt Kevin's hands cupping my face as his tongue dove into my mouth. I responded immediately, grabbing the front of his shirt into my fists. I pushed my lips up to his, and tangled my tongue with the invader in my mouth.

Kevin's fingers tangled into my hair as he continued his attack on my mouth. He tasted sweet yet tangy, like a mysterious candy flavor.

Then his hands started moving down my neck, to my shoulders, down my sides, ending on my hips. He pulled mine closer to his, and I felt his throbbing member touching my leg. I tried to scream, but it came out as a muffled whimper.

He pulled his face away from mine. I looked up at him, expecting him to finally walk out. I was, after all, only some chick who lived five miles from school, nowhere near the estates that surrounded it. But he looked back at me with an indescribable look on his face. He seemed torn.

"My car," he mumbled roughly.

I was confused. "What?"

Kevin gave a short laugh. "Your dad didn't want anything happening between us under his roof. So we'll do it in my car."

I stared at him. Was he serious? Did he want to...

Suddenly he was back to kissing me, rough and uncontrolled. He pushed me against the wall, better leverage, I guess.

But then he pulled back again. "My car. Now." He grabbed my hips again and planted a quick peck on my lips before walking me out of the house.

My father's car was gone from the driveway, which just left Kevin's.

"We can't do it in the driveway!" I half screamed. The rain had only subsided a small amount, and I already felt half-soaked.

I broke away from Kevin, not wanting to waste another perfectly good outfit. I ran back inside, and he quickly followed.

"Don't run away from me," Kevin said as he wrapped me in a hug and picked me up to spin me around. "Ever."

I laughed as I struggled in his arms.

"Oh no you don't!" Kevin shouted after me as I broke free and dashed towards my room. It was a short dash, because the house was so small, so I made it to my bedroom first. But Kevin got there before I could turn and close the door.

"Damn. You got me," I said as he brought me against him once more.

He nuzzled into my neck and started kissing toward my ear. Once he got to my ear, he whispered, "And you got me."

I froze. What did he just say? Did he just say that I, Danielle Nobody, got Kevin fucking Dermit?! I started hyperventilating. This wasn't happening.

Pinch. Pinch. Nothing changed. Kevin was still kissing up my neck. Pinch.

I felt Kevin's hand come down on mine, and it stilled my pinching.

He looked at me, his face serious. "Stop pinching yourself, would you? You don't need to be nervous."

He gazed at me a little bit longer, then he reached for the hem of his shirt and pulled it off. It revealed a perfectly chiseled chest. Was it even legal for a man's chest to look that beautiful?

"You look like you've never seen a human body before," Kevin chuckled.

"Not one like this," I almost whispered.

He just smiled, then reached for the bottom of my t-shirt, and swiftly pulled it off. His smile grew, and he bent his head down to plant a kiss at the top of each breast. He cupped them, then slowly reached around to unfasten the hooks. The movements tickled, and I squirmed and giggled. 

Once my cherry bra was off, Kevin started lapping at my nipples. It felt too good to be true, much like this whole experience. I threaded my fingers through his hair, and he wrapped his arms around my waist. He lifted me up, and soon we were on the bed.

When he came up for air, I attacked him and flipped him onto his back. I gently scraped my hands down his stomach, and they ended at the button for his pants. Slowly I unbuttoned it and unzipped the zipper.

I kissed down from his belly button to the edge of his boxers while sliding his pants down further and further.

Kevin moaned. "Danielle, do you know what you're doing to me?"

With my fingers in the elastic of his underwear, I looked up with a smile. "No. What am I doing to you?"

"Driving me fucking crazy," he groaned.

I just kept smiling as I looked back to what I was doing. I saw the rather large tent in his boxers, and it made my hands sweaty.

I had never done this; never even been kissed before today. And now I was planning on having sex with one of the most popular and rich kids at school. Whose sister was planning on marrying my father.

My life was so fucked up, but it felt better than ever before.

<><><>

BAM! Plot twist: it's the sister, not the mom. :) Of course, I did that just to spite all of the posts that said, "It's so obvious that her dad and his mom are getting married." WRONG!

But anyway, thanks for reading chapter two! Once again it is unedited -- sorry for any errors. Maybe chapter three will be different?

Remember, feedback (questions, comments, concerns, and suggestions) is always welcome!

- L.