 I think about how it feels, how it should be. My mind keeps going back to the same scene, the same feelings that I felt the first time you and I got together. The first day of the rest of our lives. The first time I ever felt complete, content and happy.

I'm laying there on the bed, waiting for you to slide in next to me. As you slip in under the covers, I feel the heat from your body. I breathe in deeply, to calm my nerves. I can smell your cologne. It's one of my favorites. 

You draw closer, wrapping your arms around me, pulling me to you at the same time. My breath quickens, grows more shallow. You make it so hard to breathe. You look me in the eyes, taking your hand and brushing the hair away from the side of my face. You gently caress my cheek, leaning in and softly kissing my lips. 

"Honey, you are so beautiful tonight." you whisper to me, our eyes never losing the gaze. You run your fingers through my hair again. I turn my head slightly, nuzzling your hand with my cheek. I love the feel of your hands on me. I feel safe with you. No words need to be spoken.

I reach up and place my hand on the back of your head, pulling you to my pouting lips. I kiss you softly but firmly. My tongue reaching out for yours, wanting to dance. The fire inside me buring so intense, out of control. I am aching for your touches, your kisses. Needing you more than I need the air I breathe. Wanting you to take me, making me yours, totally.

Your hand grazes down my neck, then my shoulder, sending shivers along my skin. My senses are so alive. My nipples are hard. I arch my back slightly, pushing my breasts into you, trying to get as close to you as I can. My heart is beating out of my chest.

As your lips leave mine, you kiss your way down my neck, my shoulder and your mouth finds my hard nipple. You flick your tongue across it, making it harder. You wrap your mouth around it, sucking it, pulling it between your teeth. You look at me again.

You quietly speak, "What do you want, Honey?"

The only thing I can manage to get out is, "Please." 

Your hand travels down my side, across my hip and down my thigh. As you reach my knee, you guide it away, opening my legs. Your hand runs up my inner thigh, feeling my heat as it grows closer to my wetness. You take a finger and run it up my slit, pressing slightly against my swollen clit making me moan. 

You push your finger firmly against my clit and start rubbing it. Your finger moves down to my slit again, parting my lips and you coat it with my flowing juices. You bring your finger to your lips and you lick the moisture from your finger. You moan. You lean in and kiss me again. Your finger finding it's target again. This time you insert your finger into my hot, wet pussy. As your finger enters, I draw in a deep breath. It feels so good. You move your finger in and out a few times and then add a second finger. 

After a few moments of you pushing your fingers in and out, I cry out, "Oh my God!" My pussy squeezes down on your fingers as my orgasm rolls through my body. My wetness grows. My pussy soaked, my clit swollen, my body shaking. 

As my orgasm subsides, you allow me a moment to catch my breath, smiling at me. I can't believe you are here, beside me, making me feel more than I could ever imagine. I can see the passion, the love in your eyes. I only hope you can see atleast some of what's inside me. How you are touching my heart, my soul. The feelings inside me are so strong. I have been affraid to let you know all. 

You kiss your way from my breasts down to my navel. You work your way down and spread my legs further. You quickly lick my clit several times. My body arches to meet your tongue. I moan loud, begging you. "Please! Oh God I need you!"

You take your tongue and run it from my ass up to my clit and you draw my clit into your mouth, sucking it softly. Your tongue then enters my pussy, lapping up the juices flowing freely now. I can feel another orgasm growing and so can you. You continue licking my pussy, pausing once in a while to flick my clit with your tongue.

I grab your head, pushing your tongue deeper into my pussy as I cry out with another orgasm. You continue to lick and suck on my pussy as the orgasm subsides. 

You raise up onto your hands and knees. You start inching up between my legs, stopping to suck on each nipple, pulling them between your teeth. You kiss me, my juices in your mustache and on your tongue and lips. I can taste the sweetness. 

I can feel your hard cock brushing against my ass. I beg you, "Please make love to me, Sweetheart." My body squirming underneath you. I reach down, wanting to guide your hard cock into my wet pussy. You stop me, pulling both of my hands up above my head.

You shake your head, "No." 

I mouth back, "Please?" 

You lean in, kissing more passionate and so strong. I can feel your fire as our tongues entwine. My body arches as another orgasm washes over me. We continue kissing, my orgasm slowly easing. You shift your weight slightly. I can feel your cock pressing against my opening. You don't move.

You look into my eyes as you say to me, "I want you so bad. I want to make love to you like no other ever has. I have waited a life time for this."

Before I could say anything in return, you push your cock deep into me, filling me up. My pussy stretches, taking you in. I gasp, my head reeling at the wonderful feelings that rush over me. The most vibrant colors flashing in my head, I can't breathe, I can't think, all I can do is let it take over. 

You feel my pussy tighten around your cock, pulsing with each wave of the most fantastic orgasm ever. Before my orgasm subsides you start thrusting in and out of me. Slow, deliberate movements. Plunging deep with each thrust. I can feel the orgasm growing again. Your hard cock keeping me at the brink, ready to send me over the edge again.

"Oh My God Sweetheart, I'm cumming again!"

With that, you thrust harder, deeper and faster than before. My pussy pouring juices all over your hard cock. You slow your pace again as the orgasm eases. 

You lean in, kissing my neck, and you whisper in my ear, "I couldn't have asked for more."

I wrap my legs around you, pulling you in. You quicken you pace again, pushing me to the edge again. As you feel my pussy start to tighten around you again, I whisper in your ear, "Cum with me. Go with me to that magical world." 

With that, you push deep inside me and we explode together, the world melting around us. My pussy squeezing your cock as it is spilling your hot cum deep inside me.

As our orgasms fade, you move to my side. Both of us silent. Your arm around my waist, you pull me to you. My back to you, snuggled in your arms. I feel content now. As I start to fade off to sleep, you whisper to me.

"I love you, Honey."

As I snuggle closer I whisper back to you, "I love you too, Sweetheart. I always have, I always will." 

We drift off to sleep. Meeting in our dreams as we always do but this time, we get to awaken to dreams that have come true.