 "You want this job so bad I'm sure we can COME to some arrangement?" she announced from her side of the desk.

I was being interviewed by probably the hottest woman I had seen in my life! Her blouse barely covered a huge set of tits I couldn't stop myself from staring at, her legs were long and thin with a black cotton miniskirt, and a pair of sharp blue eyes that made me go weak at the knees.

I was lost in a daydream, imagining her naked and spread waiting for me to sink my hard cock inside her – I couldn't help my mind from drifting.

"Stand up!" 

"What?" I asked, "Is that the interview over?"

"Oh no, honey, it's just beginning."

I was confused. But it didn't take long for me to understand exactly what her intentions were.

"So tell me," she continued, "are you willing to give me what I want in return for the job you want?"

"Er..." I stood next to my chair with the only answer that was in my head, "yeah, I need this job so tell me what I have to do."

"What if I wanted you to strip?" she asked.

"I...I don't think...er..." I pondered on what it could result in when I was quickly interrupted,

"Mr Jones. The door is behind you. I suggest you exit via it if you are not willing to prove you want this job. If you are, then remove your shirt; show me your manly chest."

Realising the potential of the situation I placed my tie and shirt neatly on the chair, now standing topless before my interviewer.

"Take off your shoes and trousers. I want to see you standing in your underwear. And don't forget your socks!"

She was leaning back casually over her chair, pen in her mouth, chewing and tonguing it suggestively. Within seconds the only thing covering my eager young body was a pair of loose cotton boxer shorts.

She got up and took a long ruler from her desk, not bothering to pull down her miniskirt, which was now slightly hiked up from how she was sat. The tops of her thighs were no longer left to the imagination as I ogled her from where I stood. She then began walking round me, rubbing the ruler in her hand, eyes roaming up and down my almost naked body. I'd say I'm fairly thin, but finally my 20 years of life have started to fill me out a bit so I guess I'm half way between thin and average build. My chest is toned, mainly due to being thin rather than the sparse sessions at the gym. I'm not particularly hairy and have shaved balls – a request of a previous girlfriend. My hair is generally roughly spiked with a clean shaven face.

As Amy went out of sight she brought the ruler down on my arse. It was fairly gentle, more playful than bondage. She stoked the ruler up and down my back, teasing the waistline of my boxer shorts, causing my package to begin to firm up.

"I suppose it's unfair for you to be almost naked and me fully clothed isn't it?"

"Er...yeah..." I replied, sounding quite dumb.

"Right then, give me your hand and close your eyes."

I did as I was told. She took my hand in hers and placed it on her bare neck, slowly beginning to trail it down her cleavage. As I felt her chest beginning to bulge slightly she brushed my hand across her blouse, my fingers straightening to trace the outline of her bra underneath.

"I've had around 5 men this morning wanting this job," she said as she directed my fingers to her buttons – I automatically began to undo them with my eyes still closed, "the interviews have been half an hour each. Four of the five have fucked me, the other was so ugly I only let him lick my slit, equal opportunities and all that but there was no way I was going to have his dick inside me. One shagged me on the desk and 3 on the sofa behind you."

By this point I had finished with her buttons. She let her blouse fall from her and pressed her tits against my bare chest. I instinctively moved my arms around her and undid her bra as she pressed into my tent pitched boxers. My eyes were still closed, her tongue now licking my neck around my ear, occasionally nibbling it playfully.

"I want you inside me," my hands running under her short skirt as she whispered, "I want your big prick inside me, you can be better than the others I know it." My hands brushed across her slit, noting she was wearing no underwear, "I started out the morning with knickers, but found they just took up the valuable time in these interviews. Open your eyes."

With that she put her hand in the waistline of my boxer shorts and used them to pull me towards her desk, giving me seconds to view the gorgeous pair of breasts she was displaying, before our mouths met in a passionate kiss. I couldn't resist running my hands all over her hot body, groping her tits, then feeling under her skirt to touch the wet pussy beneath. Amy ripped down my boxer shorts and pulled my hard dick towards her hole, I had no problem entering her wet opening, probably by the fact that I wasn't the only lucky man to be inside her this morning.

She grabbed my arse cheeks and pulled me deeper into her, every movement was frantic.

"Oh...mmm...fuck me...oh fuck me..." escaped her lips between her erratic breaths.

I was slamming into her as her hand followed my arse cleavage to my own hole. I moaned as her finger pushed its way inside. I'd never had this done to me before but I wanted this job, besides, it felt quite good!

"Ah...ah...I'm...getting close!" she moaned.

With Amy close to orgasm I was now in full control of the situation.

"Turn over," I ordered sharply, "bend over the desk, I want to fuck you from behind!"

There was maybe a second lost as she turned round on my command, my rock hard prick immediately slamming back into her from this new position. With her skirt hiked right up round her waist I had a perfect view of her tight butt hole as she bounced on my dick.

"Oh fuck....oo...oh baby, I'm gonna cum over your hard meat, fuck me, fuck me big boy..."

I felt her pussy contracting around my hard member as she rode into her orgasm, squealing in ecstasy. I slowed the pace as she came down from a hard orgasm. With her pussy now incredibly wet, I pulled out and began wiping her wetness over her butt hole, seeking come back for the arse probing she had given me earlier. Amy seemed to welcome it as she pushed her butt into the air and parted her rear cheeks with one hand. Being a gentleman, I slowly nudged my way in, fully soaking in the pleasure of this new, tighter hole.

As I had entered her fully I began to increase the tempo of my thrusts. She was clenching her arse around my hard cock as her free hand rubbed her clit, trying to climax for a second time.

"Mmm...no one's had my arse today...push it deep inside...oh...oh...push your big cock deep inside my arse, fill it, fill it with your hot cum!"

Her breathing was now heavy pants,

"Oh...ooo...I'm gonna cum again, I want you to fill me while I cum...ah...oh..."

Her arse was tightening even more as she rubbed her clit to orgasm. I couldn't take it, I let out a loud moan as reams of hot sticky cum filled her back entrance. I grabbed her tits with my hands and pulled her up to almost a standing position as I continued to coat her insides with my cum, jolting as my dick throbbed inside her.

After riding out the joint orgasm she pulled away, causing my cock to plop out. We both began to redress ourselves as she gave me feedback on my performance,

"Not bad! I must say, none of the men this morning have tried their luck with my arse. It felt good," she said whilst discretely trying to wipe the cum leaking from her arse, "I think I can safely say you're through to the second interview stage. Mrs Quate will also be interviewing alongside me. She's almost 50, but doesn't look a day over 30. Mind, age is experience – believe me, I know. Now you know what to expect, I expect you'll be well prepared."

She guided me to the door as my mind raced through what the next interview could bring.

"Mr Peters!" she called out to the man waiting in reception, "I'm ready for you now."