 Elliot slammed the bedroom door behind him. Grabbing the banister and almost jumping down the stairs, he grabbed his jacket off the hallway rack and was out the door. Pausing only slightly at the front steps, he moved to his car and started the engine. Afraid to go and afraid to stay, he backed out of the driveway and headed toward downtown, not knowing where he was going or what his next stop would be. He considered going to the apartment that he had continued to rent, despite moving in with Amy, three months back. He wasn't sure why, but it made sense to keep it until the lease expired in a month or two and it had been renewed by default when he failed to cancel on the anniversary date.

Despite being a nondrinker, he considered going to a nearby bar and getting smashed. But the last thing he needed tonight was to get behind the wheel in a drunken state and get arrested, or worse, injure someone.

With his choices limited, Elliot opted for "Cover to Cover", an all-night bookstore and coffee shop. Maybe he would just find a good book, head back to his apartment and read himself to sleep.

Browsing through the paperback fiction section, Elliot frowned at the lack of new material by his favorite authors. He approached the end of the aisle, and turned to the aisle behind him. He never saw her, at least not until he had turned into her and saw the book she was reading fly in one direction and her all in another. 

"I am so sorry," he stammered, reaching to help her up. As he reached for her, he froze unexpectedly. His eyes traveled from the floor to her thighs, and further up to the white panties and her exposed crotch. Coming to himself, he averted his glance and looked into her face, which, like his, offered an embarrassed smile.

"Sorry", he said.

"For what?" she answered, "knocking me down or looking up my dress?'

"Yes," he replied. "I mean both... I mean no."

"Forget it, Babe. Just help me up."

Elliot helped her to her feet, then picked up her book and handed it to her. With a smile and a slight nod, she was gone.

"Smooth work," 

Elliot turned to see an unfamiliar face grinning at him. 

"Huh," he said to the man who had apparently been looking on.

"Thanks for that great look at her pussy. Quite a body, or did you notice?"

"Uh no. I guess I didn't, " Elliot lied as he made his way to next aisle.

Finally finding a book that offered some possibilities, Elliot decided to check out and head for home. As he walked toward the register, he noticed the beautiful stranger sitting in the book store's coffee shop. Hoping to avoid further embarrassment, he looked the other way. But it was no use. He was drawn to look toward her. To his surprise, she was smiling. To his surprise, she crooked her index finger and signaled for him to come over.

"Join me for a cup of Mocha?" she asked.

"Uh sure," Elliot replied. He walked to the counter, got his mug and walked over to her table. For the first time, he realized that she was beautiful, and not only her thighs. She stared at him, smiling slightly for what seemed like an eternity. Elliot broke the silence.

"Hey, I really am sorry about that."

"About what? Knocking me on my ass?"

"Yea. Pretty clumsy of me."

"Don't give it a second thought. What's your name?"

"Elliot," he stammered, still seeking to garner a degree of composure. "Yours?"

"Jenna."

"Well, nice to meet you Jenna. Can I get you a refill?"

"No thanks, I'm good."

All Elliot could think of as he looked at her was, "I'll bet you are."

"Things bad at home?' asked Jenna.

"Uh, yea. How did you know?"

"Lucky guess," Jenna replied. "I know the signs. Besides a good looking guy like you wouldn't be here at this hour unless there was no one to go home to, or things were shaky. Woman's intuition."

"Yea. I guess. At any rate, I won't be going home. Or I guess I should say I will be going home, but not to what was our apartment."

"Keep a separate place do you?"

"Almost by accident. Planned to give it up, but I let the renewal date pass and the lease renewed automatically. Bad screw up on my part. But I'm looking for someone to sublease it to. Interested?"

"In what, the apartment or you?" Jenna asked with a straight face. Elliot looked perplexed. Finally, she laughed. "Lighten up, lover. Just a little joke."

"Sorry, long day. So OK, Jenna, What's your story?"

"What makes you think I have a story/"

"Male logic, I guess. Also, you keep staring at your cup and haven't touched it since I got here. So, how do I say it? A woman as beautiful as you wouldn't be here at this hour, unless things were tough at home, or you were lonely. And Ma'am if you don't mind my saying, a woman like you can't be lonely."

"Actually, Babe, I am lonely. Left hubby today, and I won't be going back."

"What happened?" asked Elliot.

"Let's just say, some things weren't meant to last, and leave it at that."

"Well, are you OK. Do you need a ride someplace?"

"Lover, I'm not going anywhere. Actually, no place to go. Guess I'll have to stay here."

"You can't stay here," Elliot replied. "Don't you have a home to go to?"

"I guess I could, but if I go back there and spend another night, I'll be forced to stay forever. That wouldn't be good for me or my husband. At any rate, I'll be fine. I'll walk around and find somewhere to sleep."

"That's ridiculous! Look, I have plenty of room. Why not come with me?"

"With you?" she asked raising her eyebrows.

"I have a spare bedroom. I promise you'll be safe. At lot safer than wandering the streets. And then tomorrow, you can decide if you want to go back to your husband or what it is that you really want to do."

"There's nothing to decide. It's out of my hands. Trust me, Elliot. There is no going back."

"Well, at least go with me. I won't be able to sleep if you stay here."

"Aren't you sweet? All right, Elliot. Thank you. I accept your offer."

"Great. Let's go." Elliot headed for the door.

"Elliot?" she asked.

"Yes?"

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

"What?" he asked.

"You forgot to pay for your book."

Elliot and Jenna left the parking lot and rode in silence for most of the trip back to his apartment. Elliot unlocked the door and entered first, turning on the lights, then motioning her inside. The apartment had a musty odor due to its recent lack of occupancy. Elliot turned on the heat and started the ceiling fan to start a little air moving.

"Here, let met have your coat. I'll hang it up for you," Elliot said, breaking the silence. "Did you leave your purse in the car?"

"No purse tonight, Love," replied Jenna. "Left a little unexpectedly and didn't bring it along."

At Elliot's bidding, Jenna found a spot on the sofa and tossed her the remote control. "Let me see what's in the fridge." "Not much to choose from since the place has been empty. You can have water or stale soda," he yelled from the kitchen.

"Nothing for me," she returned. "But feel free to help yourself."

Elliot grabbed a bottle of water and joined Jenna in front of the television. To his surprise, she had turned on the music, not the television. 

"Nice choice," he smiled.

Without speaking, Jenna again curled her index finger and patted a spot on the sofa beside her. Elliot paused briefly, then sat down. Without her jacket, Jenna was even more lovely than he could have believed. Her breasts were exposed only slightly above the top of her dress, drawing Elliot's eyes to the beautiful orbs. He felt his crotch twitch slightly.

"That's the second time tonight I've caught you peeking," smiled Jenna. "Still liking what you see?"

"Er, sorry..."

"Elliot?"

"Uh... Yes"

"Kiss me."

Elliot paused only briefly, but it was too long. Before he could move, Jenna placed her hand on the back of his neck, pulling his face to hers and kissing him, softly at first. The first kiss was followed by another and though he knew he shouldn't, Elliot couldn't resist. Her beauty, the allure of her perfume and the warm kisses were too much. He returned her kisses, feeling the passion beginning to build. Then, as mysteriously as she had started, she stopped.

"What's wrong?" asked Elliot.

"Show me my room, please. Show me my bed."

"But, I thought. Well, I thought you might..."

"What, dear Elliot. Sleep in your bed. Sorry if I misled you but I've never slept in any guys bed the first night I met him. Show me my room please."

A little stunned and sorely disappointed, Elliot arose from the sofa and led the way to a small bedroom to his right. Jenna followed. He switched on the light, walked in and turned back the covers. 

Still wounded, Elliot pointed. "There's your bathroom. You can find additional blankets in that closet. Make yourself at home. I'll see you in the morning."

"Elliot?"

"Yes, do you need something?"

"Where do you think you're going?"

"Pardon?"

"I said, where do you think you're going?"

"To bed. I'll see you in the morning."

"Elliot, please stay with me, tonight. I really don't want to be alone."

"But you said..."

"I said I wouldn't sleep in your bed. I did not say you couldn't share mine."

"Are you serious?" Elliot asked incredulously.

"Dead serious. Elliot, answer a question for me please."

"Sure"

"Have you ever made love to a woman who had absolutely nothing to lose?"

"What?"

"Have you ever been fucked by a woman like you were the last man on earth?"

"What?"

"Elliot, my love. Tonight is your lucky night. Now come to me, Lover."

Forgetting Amy and the argument that put him on the streets, Elliot went to Jenna and embraced her. As their lips met, Elliot truly felt I fire he had never experienced before. As she kissed him he felt himself gasping for air, but not wanting to come up. Her soft lips parted and Elliot probed with his tongue, finding hers and sucking on it, trying to exercise some element of restraint. He really believed that he could explode into orgasm then and there. Her kisses were taking him to unexplored heights.

Trying to avoid looking like a high school kid getting his first taste of sex, Elliot attempted to unbutton her blouse. To his utter surprise, she ripped it away, fabric and buttons flying through the air. Then it was off and Jenna was down to her bra. Elliot bent to kiss her breasts. Showing a strength out of character for such a petite woman, she ripped away the bra, flinging it across the room. Her breasts were the most beautiful he had ever seen. Not the largest, but, without question, the most perfect. Reaching behind her, she unfastened her skirt and it fell to the floor All that remained were the same white panties that had him so mesmerized when he stared at her on the bookstore floor.

Elliot did not remember undressing, but when he looked again, he was nude. His thick shaft was erect and throbbing. All he could do was to look at Jenna, her beautiful breasts and those sexy white panties. Jenna raised her mouth to meet his, kissing him deeply. He gasped as he felt her soft hand wrap around his manhood.

He couldn't get enough of her. The kisses were deep and lingering. His hands explored her body with a reckless abandon. He grabbed her hair as he continued to kiss her. Understanding his signal, Jenna began to kiss his neck as well as his chest as she moved further and further down his body. By now she was stroking his cock as she dropped to her knees placing her face directly in front of his swollen organ. Elliot watched as she licked the tip of his cock. Up, down and around her tongue manipulated him and when the thought he could take no more, she placed her lips around his shaft and took all of him into her mouth. Pumping up and down on his cock with such fierceness that it was both frightening and exciting. Amy was a good lover, but nothing like this. Jenna was in total control, and Elliot could only be glad she was.

"Gonna stand there and watch or return the favor?" she whispered.

Instinctively, Elliot pulled her up and kissed her again, pulling her with him to the bed. He turned her around and sat her on the edge of the bed, gently spreading her legs while dropping to his knees directly in front of her pussy. Elliot leaned into her damp love opening and kissed it. Her wetness excited him further. He began licking her, alternating between hard long laps with his full tongue and quick, flitting licks with the tip of his tongue. Jenna writhed on the bed, moving her wet opening to meet his tongue.

"Oh, God, Elliot. Lick me. Lick my pussy!" she begged. "Don't ever stop, Baby!"

Her pleadings only excited Elliot further and he began to stroke himself uncontrollably while he licked Jenna's wet pussy. Everything was so good, so hot that he wanted to do this forever. 

"Put it in me, Elliot!" she pleaded. "I need you to fuck me! Now!"

Elliot was torn between his desire to maintain this state of ecstasy and a burning desire to fuck Jenna until she exploded into orgasm. He knew that his own would follow soon thereafter. Elliot stood to his feet and guided his large cock between her legs, deep into the moist hot pussy in front of him.

"Baby, oh baby, please fuck me. Give it to me!" moaned Jenna.

Driven by her beauty, passion and his own throbbing desire, Elliot fucked her. He slid his cock in and out of her pussy and she matched him thrust for thrust. Her wet opening swallowed him just has her mouth had only moments earlier. On and on they went and each time he felt he would explode and empty his juices into her, she would reach and grab the base of his cock, holding him off.

"Look at me, Elliot!" she screamed. "I'm going to come and I want you to look at me"

Looking into her beautiful face and staring at her beautiful breasts was more than he could handle. As her face twisted in the throes of orgasm, Elliot felt her stiffen. Excited by his ability to excite Jenna, he fucked her even harder. Then it happened. Jenna came in torrents.

"Oh, shit, Elliot. Fuck me dammit! Fuck me! Fuck my pussy! Fuck me! Come with me, Baby! Please come with me!

Elliot was helpless. He felt his body tighten and felt the first burst of hot semen leave his body and enter hers. With each jerk, he shoved his cock deeper into her waiting cunt, pumping her fuller and fuller. They were not only lovers, they were a mutual orgasm. On and on it went, longer than Elliot could ever remember having happened at any time in his life. They fucked until they could no longer moved. Elliot collapsed onto her and they lay together enjoying the fruits of unexpected love.

They were still.

But only for a while. Jenna nudged him. He felt her kisses as she began to explore his body again until her mouth again found his cock. Although unwilling at first, her kisses and the feeling of himself inside her warm mouth stirred him to life again. He would not have believed it.

An on it went. Each time seemingly more intense than the time before. Elliot lost count.

The night ran into morning. Elliot was unsure when one ended and the other began. And it would not have mattered except that a few rays of sun sneaked through the blinds on the bedroom window, waking him from his sleep and making him aware that these last few hours of ecstasy were over. Instinctively, he reached over to embrace his new lover. All his hand found was an empty pillow.

Rubbing his eyes, trying to awaken, he called for her. "Jenna, Jenna"

There was no answer. Only the sound of the water running in the shower. The panic subsided and Elliot relaxed. This woman was something special. The last thing he wanted was a one-nighter. He didn't fully know what last night was about, but he knew it was something different, and something very special.

Elliot found his boxers tangled in the sheets on the floor. He pulled them on and made his way to the bathroom door. Tapping gently, he called out, "Looking for some company?" No answer. After knocking for the third time, Elliot turned the handle. The door was unlocked, so he pushed it open, expecting to find Jenna waiting for him.

"Surprise...." But to his surprise, the shower was empty. The water ran freely, but only hit the floor of the stall. Elliot made his way to the front room. No sign of Jenna. Maybe he had taken up too much of her bed and she had moved to his. He made his way to his bedroom door. His bed was undisturbed and unoccupied.

"Jenna, where are you, Babe?" He checked the other bathroom and the kitchen. She was not here. He went back to the bedroom to check for her clothes. Elliot was shocked. Her clothes lay scattered around the room where she had left them the night before. Frantically, Elliot searched again. Still no sign of the beautiful stranger. Where could she have gone? Finally, logic began to replace his anxiety. Obviously she had borrowed some of his clothes and stepped out. No doubt she would return to pick up her clothes. He would either wait for her or leave a note on the door, which he would lock when he left. She would have to call him to get in.

Elliot returned to the shower and turned off the water. He again made his way to the kitchen and poured a cup of hot coffee. Wait a minute, where did the coffee come from. Obviously Jenna had made it when she got up. The coffee was strong and black, the way he liked it. This morning, he needed it.

He walked to the door to pick up his morning paper. But as he passed the table in the den, he noticed it was already there. Elliot could only assume that Jenna had placed it there when she left. A quick look at the news and Elliot would have to get ready for work. He scanned the sports section, and the front page. Nothing too interesting in either. He moved on to local news. A new bond issue was to be voted on next week, nothing too interesting. To the side column where the headline read, "Local woman killed by Reckless Driver in Bookstore Parking Lot."

What the hell? Elliot could not move, his eyes frozen to the woman's picture just under the headline. It, it was Jenna. There was no doubt. Elliot released a primal scream, "No! No! No!"

Elliot shook uncontrollably. He forced himself to read the article. Obviously a cruel joke, but the story indicated that a local woman was run over in the parking lot of the "Cover to Cover" bookstore, as she and her husband exited. He was hit also and was in critical condition at a local hospital. The driver had not been found.

Elliot had to call the police. Jenna was not dead. She was with him all night. They had talked. They had made love. There had to be a mistake. He threw the paper aside and reached for the phone. Suddenly, he noticed the distinct fragrance that Jenna had worn. Then he saw it.

Taped to the phone was a white envelope with his name printed on front. Elliot tore it loose from the phone and stared at it. It shook in his hands. Finally, he was able to open it and remove the contents. It was a letter. Handwritten in an attractive, cursive style that was obviously feminine. It must be from Jenna. Elliot read.

"My dear Elliot,

I am so sorry if my disappearance and the newspaper article have startled you. Hopefully last night will compensate for any pain or anxiety that I have caused you. And no doubt you are having a difficult time grasping all this. But it is true, Elliot. I was overrun by a car in the bookstore parking lot. I died instantly. My husband will recover. I realize this is hard to believe or understand, so let me explain as best I can. I can't fill in all the blanks since I'm kinda new at this myself. Never been dead before, Elliot.

When the ambulance came and took my body, as well as my purse and other personal belongings, I strangely remained behind. I watched them load my poor husband in the ambulance also. I climbed in, still not fully aware that I was alive. But when the ambulance left, I was still standing in the parking lot. It was so strange. I was a mixture of matter and energy. But I soon came to realize, Dear Elliott, that I was very much dead.
