 Oh no! I came too quickly! And for the third time in a row ... something wasn't right.

Sex between me and Tammy was wonderful, up till last week, that is, when I started prematurely ejaculating.

I was starting to panic so I went to visit my doctor and he told me that it was normal. It could be the result of many different factors; some kind of mild prostate infection being the most common. 

He sent me off to o the normal tests and when I came back to him with the results he looked at me nicely and explained that it was indeed a minor prostate infection that needed antibiotics. He also said that prostate massage would also help heal quicker and suggested that I find a medical center that offered it.

I hesitated for a couple of days but was eager to resume my sex life with Tammy. But Tammy had other plans and immediately began seeing another guy -- oh well ... what a bitch and what a blow to my ego!

I went anyways. I was living in the valley in Los Angeles at the time so I looked for one that would be nearby and called and made a reservation. When I did arrive there, I was greeted by a pretty receptionist and hoped in my fantasy that she would be the one delivering me from my troubles. However, she explained that it would cost $60 per session, I paid and then she led me into a room where I waited until a solemn looking, young male doctor walked in and began explaining the procedure. I nodded and he took out a rubber glove and some gel and asked me to take my pants and underpants off and lie face down with my hind raised up on a clinic bed.

I fled the room, I fled the center and I ran home - I did not claim the money back! No man was going to touch my asshole; no man! And pay for it too? Who or what do you think I am?

On the corner of my road, Ventura Canyon Avenue, there were three newspaper vending boxes and sometimes there would be free copies of these classified ad newspapers, so I picked one up and walked into my home. I took off my clothes, showered and dressed in shorts and sat on my large, comfortable sofa and started flicking the pages when my eye caught something that read as follows:

Tantric Massage, relax and enjoy. Do you need your sexual energy checked? Do you need your sex life to improve? Do you need a prostate milking? Call me on ............. And let's talk.

"Hello," the female voice on the other end of the line said.

"Hi, I'm Alex, and I read your ad."

"Hi, I'm Jane. How can I help?"

"It says here that you do prostate..." I hesitated before saying the corny word, "milking?"

"Yes, I do," her voice was beginning to sound sexier by the second. Anything would be after that, that, that DOCTOR!

"Well I have a prostate infection and I need to have it massaged. Do you do that?"

"Ah hah," was her reply.

"Em, can I know the rate?"

"It's fifty dollars per session and we also work on your stamina and sexual energy by Tantric massage."

As it turned out it was two blocks away so I walked over not knowing what to expect. I walked into her three-story building and rang the bell.

A blonde woman in her thirties opened the door. She was petit but very curvaceous and ever so slighly on the heavier side -- not even chubby, though. I liked women like that; real women not the kind you see in ads. She was wearing a tank top and slacks, both an off-white color. Her eyes were blue and her face was very kind. She smiled and ushered me in, "You must be Alex," she said.

I nodded and sheepishly walked into her dark apartment only lit with candles. She had two chairs facing each other and a nice big exercise mat on the floor. She asked me to sit down and give her my medical report and then she began explaining to me the whole deal.

"You have to understand that tantra is not an act of sex. It is an exercise that helps you channel your sexual energy into its right form. You will learn how to breathe properly and I will massage your prostate and your genitals on a regular basis so that you can better return to and improve on your sexual health. This will take about six weeks at three sessions a week. Is that acceptable"

I nodded.

"So please undress and relax on the mat while I prepare."

I took my clothes off and lied face down, feeling the shame. A minute later, she walked back in, stark naked, her blonde bush leading the way. She got on her knees right next to me and asked me to sit up on my knees and face her. I did, full erection in order. I tried to cover it but she softly said give me both your hands. She took them and said, "I want you to close your eyes and breathe heavily and slowly. Take air through your nose and blow out of your mouth real slow."

Her hands felt like heaven. They were warm and soft and I honestly felt I could hold them forever. I did what I was told and we stayed that way for what must have been at least ten minutes. I didn't mind; I wanted her hands in mine.

"I want you to lie on the mat, face down and I want you raise your buttocks just a little, if you don't mind."

I did what I was told. I then felt a warm fluid run down my butt crack and felt a finger massaging the rim of my asshole. It was ecstatic. She circled for a few seconds then penetrated me and a second later she hit my prostate. I gasped in pleasure as she varied the pressure on it and circled it and withdrew and then repeated the motions. She then cupped the tip of my erect penis and withdrew.

"You have a lot of fluid release. You must be going through a tough time," she said.

"Yes," I could barely mumble.

"Well, turn over, I want to time you!" she asked me politely, me not knowing what the hell she meant by that.

She picked up a larch stopwatch and said, "You're going to enjoy this. Just relax."

I felt some warm liquid being spilt on my pounding cock and then her hands began to lubricate me. It took me five seconds to cum! I was so embarrassed I couldn't look her in the eye.

"Feel no shame, young man, this is completely normal. I will help you through this," she said as she began cleaning the cum of my pubes and stomach. She finished then said, "I want you to shut your eyes, relax and breathe as same as before."

I did as I was told. I felt her lubricating my cock again until I was intensely erect and then she let go of me for a few seconds.

The feeling of her pussy around my cock was heaven. I opened my eyes and she was riding me. "Ah, ah, close your eyes," she said, "and let me do all the work."

She must have gone up and down about ten times when I exploded again. She got off me and lay next to me and kissed me on the cheek. "Don't worry, we will have you up and running in no time. Can you turn over on to your face?"

I did and she gave me what seemed to be the most beautiful massage in the world. My first hour was then over. 

"I just have a question," I said as I left her apartment, "no condoms?"

"Your medicals say that you are HIV negative and I take care of the other things. Is that going to be a problem for you?"

And even if it was I shook my head.

"Just promise me that you won't be being naughty these days and we'll be ok!"

"Do I look like I can even if I wanted to," I laughed.

I couldn't stop grinning on my walk back home. Now that's a prostate massage if I've ever needed one, I kept on thinking to myself; hell, I even got laid -- no that she did!

Our sessions continued with the same outcome for about four weeks, whereby I was very slowly improving. I would last two or three minutes when she rubbed me using her hands and another two or three minutes when she let me inside her.

Then one day, she was rubbing me. It must have been after about twelve or thirteen sessions and I stood my ground. It must have taken about ten minutes for me to cum!

"Voila!" she merrily screamed in delight, "now we're getting places. Both your medication and the tantra have started to work. Our next part should be fun."

She mounted me and held my cock in her hand and guided me in while sitting on me slowly. She then began her usual movements but his time I also shared by pumping. Then as she was in a risen position, I held her ass and held her that way and began to pump, slowly at first but within a couple of minutes I increased my pace. I opened my eyes to look at her face and this time her eyes were closed, for the first time! I then swiftly took her body closer to me and rolled her underneath me, changing positions. I then pushed my arms to the floor rising myself and took one leg and rested it on my shoulder and did the same with the other. She opened her eyes wide open in surprise. I then began pumping with a vengeance; she closed her eyes again. 

She began panting, "I ... think ... I'm ... I'm ... " and her orgasm completely engulfed her as her pussy spasms squeezed my cock over and over again. Her eyes were rolled back and she shuddered violently. I was still pumping and decided not to stop. But I released her legs from on top of my shoulders and lay her down to fuck in a missionary position. I began to kiss her and she responded. Tongue in tongue and lip on lip the kiss was vicious. 

"Harder," she panted at one point and I increased pace to a frantic rate and I almost yelled as I came. I felt the juices come out of my cock in monumental quantities. Her orgasm was just as violent with her body shaking madly underneath me. Then we lay in each other's arms for I honestly don't know how long. 

The remaining two weeks, our fucking was reaching Olympic pace. I was never better in my life. I was fucking for thirty minutes straight before achieving orgasm and our sessions had to be extended in length. She insisted that I had to cum at least twice per session so I stayed with her a good two hours every time; no extra charge! She even threw in a blow job here and there.

On my last day, I asked her out and she refused! I told her I wanted to buy her dinner on a friendly basis so she reluctantly agreed not to hurt my feelings. I took her to the best restaurant in town and we were seated in the best seat in the house. It was all small-talk up to the point we finished our meals. I was feeling a little hurt she had rejected me initially so I decided to talk about it.

"Why didn't you want to go out with me," I asked quite frankly.

"You have understand that this was purely business, for me," she said matter of factly.

"How professional!" I was being sarcastic.

"Look," she explained, "I was curing you. This wasn't sex. It was treatment."

"But I came in your cunt," I was now angry, "you shook in spasms. You screamed. You were cumming right left and center and you say it wasn't sex."

She smiled one of her warm smiles then said, "I need a favor. Would you do it?"

She wants a favor, she says! After she humiliates me, she asks for a favor! How fucking convenient, but I was curious. I agreed and she asked me to pass by her place the next day at six.

She opened the door and ushered me in. We sat facing each other.

"I want to introduce you to a patient of mine. Her name is Aoki. She's from Japan and she's been coming to me for a few months now. She was having trouble with her orgasms but has yet to test it with a real man. Will you do the honors?"

"What?" I was confused.

"I need you to fuck a patient of mine, " she said, using dirty language for the first time since we met.

I was quiet then said to myself, what the fuck, might as well. I nodded. 

"Aoki," she called out and from behind the door to her private quarters, an area I had never ventured into, came out this young Japanese woman, smiling shyly. She was gorgeous. She was also small, but slim and very curvaceous and very naked with a shaved pussy. She looked like a doll. "Come and lie down on the mat, dear as Alex here takes his clothes off.

I did what was told of me by taking off my clothes then I immediately went down on Aoki, landing my face right on her thighs. I decided I was not going to waste time! I began by lightly licking her thighs and after a couple minutes worked my way up to her cunt. I couldn't believe what I was smelling. Her cunt smelt so, so, so good, it was outrageous. I began to lick her outer labia then moved in to her pussy lips and licked them lightly in an upward motion. A couple of minutes later I was circulating her clit. 

Her orgasm was intense and she made noises that drove me crazy. Crazier still were the smells that came out of her pussy as juices gushed out of her. I licked and swallowed every drop of anything that left her body. I then mounted Aoki and penetrated her. Her pussy was different. The texture was amazing and the warmth and moisture felt different from anything that I have ever experienced. She clenched her muscles in a movement that I had never experienced up to that point. 

Her face was incredibly cute and her body was to die for.

We each had four orgasms and went at it till ten o'clock at night.

Aoki and I were married in Vegas one week later. 

Our savior was there to witness it. I had done her no favors at all.

She had saved my life.