 Julie sat on the soft chair in the reception area and flicked casually through the magazine. It was a generic women's magazine and held no real interest to her critical eye, though she did enjoy the various pictures of famous actresses and singers who were perceived as "hot". They didn't impress her; they didn't even know what "hot" was. Now someone with the figure, the attitude, the looks of herself now that really was hot stuff. And didn't she know it. Everyone else knew it too. She positively craved the lust full gazes she received from men and the hate full ones from other women. She didn't have many (If any) female friends and, to be frank, she was happier like that. Already the slightly dumpy receptionist sat behind her desk was casting her disapproving, jealous glances as she sat waiting for her upcoming job interview. Just another jealous bitch!

The job was nothing special. Just a Sales Administrator position with a descent sized manufacturing firm, but Julie had high hopes that she could quickly climb the firms corporate ladder, and she had plenty of shortcuts in mind. She examined her surroundings, it was a smart looking reception area, newly furnished and in a very modern style and gave a favourable impression of the company. 'Mind you, the fat slug behind the desk ruined much of that image' thought Julie nastily.

As if by thought transference Sandra, the receptionist, looked up to shoot another annoyed look at Julie (her own thoughts even more to the point – ' what a cock teasing slut, dressed like that for a job interview, she'd be better qualified as a whore'). But she was interrupted by her switchboard ringing and Mr. Smith telling her to show the next candidate up.

"Miss Stevens, please follow me, Mr Smith will see you now."

As Sandra set the phone system to deal with her short absence and stepped around the desk and Julie stood up and carefully smoothed her skirt out. Sandra again took the opportunity to appraise this little madam, her opinion hadn't changed much.

With shining shoulder length light brown hair, a perfectly symmetrical brilliant white smile, hypnotic green eyes and a cherubic little nose her face was unforgettable. She had a slim figure with beautifully placed curves at her bosom and ass and she wore clothes to emphasise them. Today she had on an open black suit jacket (perhaps too small on purpose) and a sheer cream blouse (that clearly displayed her white bra below) with the top three buttons alluringly undone. Her skirt was tiny and when she had sat down Sandra had clearly seen flashed the tops of the slut's stockings. But she hadn't been able to tell whether there was any underwear up there either. She knew what she thought the answer was anyway! Slut!

They pushed through a swing door and climbed two flights of stairs and walked the length of a sparse corridor before Sandra knocked and opened the door letting her companion in to the interview room. Mr Smith was an older man, sixty three and dressed very smartly. As most men did, he perked up at Julie's entrance to the room. He even hurried round to pull out the chair on the opposite side while Sandra left shaking her head at how pathetic men were.

"Now then Miss Stevens.." started Mr Smith, his voice dry from several interviews that day already.

"Please, call me Julie" she spoke in the softest, most Siren-like, alluring voice that Eric Smith had ever heard in his life. And he was about to be drawn onto the rocks as so many men before him.

He allowed his eyes to roam all over this latest candidate and was more than impressed. She actually had a very good CV though he had a few doubts as the truthfulness of some of the claims it contained. He started out by asking her to relate her previous work in jobs and listened (and watched) intently already smitten by this beautiful young woman. She spoke well about her experiences if a little unconvincingly. She certainly seemed to be smart and ambitious. Even so she was definitely not the best candidate for the job he had seen that day and as much as he would like to take her on, he knew it wasn't the right thing to do.

"Tell me Julie, why should I give you this job? What exactly would you bring to it that no-one else would? What are your outstanding attributes?"

She flashed him a coy smile and stood up, she leaned across the table that separated them, allowing him to see right down the front of her blouse. Affording him a tantalising glimpse of her cleavage. The old man couldn't help but stare at the expanse of fresh, young flesh on display by the 25 year old.

"Maybe I can show you better" pouted the sex-bomb.

He finally stopped staring at Julie's breasts when she slinked around the side of the desk and without saying a word dropped to her knees before the old man. Most of her CV was a lie and she knew she would have to use other methods to ensure the job, but that didn't bother her at all, it wasn't the first time and wouldn't be the last. She reached her hands forward to grasp the old boy's belt and tug it apart, he didn't complain, and she eased out his not inconsiderable cock. It was stiffening by the second and Julie lifted her eyes to meet Mr. Smiths and the message they gave was clearly 'I suck your cock, you give me the job'. He nodded slightly and closed his eyes as her cherry red lips slipped over his cock and began to gently suck and lap at it like a lollipop. 

Julie was something of an expert cocksucker. Life had always been straight forward and easy for her in that she was one of those people who used her looks and her sexuality to get ahead. That was the way she had always been and that was the way she liked it. OK it didn't always work but it was much more interesting this way. Plus pathetic old men like this were always putty in her hands. Though to be honest he was a bit harder than putty in her hands and mouth right then. For an old guy he was actually pretty well hung and Julie wrapped her soft right hand around the base of it, squeezed gently and put that expert mouth to work. 

Within seconds he was moaning and groaning in joy and opened his eyes to look down into those of the candidate's as she increased the power of her sucking at his helmet. She knew she had to be quick, get it over and done with before he could think with anything over than the stick of man meat she had in her mouth at that moment. Her tongue roamed under his dick and tickled his balls and that was too much for him and seconds later he grunted, jerked and exploded a load of cum inside Julie's waiting, wide mouth. She held his cock in her mouth, sucking the mess from it before opening her mouth, showing Mr. Smith the sticky pool of his cum in her mouth and swallowing. Her lips still a mess she asked.

"Do I get the job?"

With his load shot a small wave of guilt ran through him. What had he done?/ My god he had never been unfaithful in 30 years of marriage? What an old fool he was.

Seeing his expected doubt Julie licked her sticky fingers and stood up, inches from him, she undid the remaining buttons on her blouse and pulled down her bra to reveal her pert tits, then she rolled up the hem of that mini skirt to reveal that, as Sandra had expected she was not wearing any panties. With her perfect breasts and her glistening, shaven pussy balanced on the end of his desk , Julie smiled at him and sealed the deal.

"Tell you what lover, give me the job and you can use my other holes once a month until you retire. Of course I'll be your replacement once you do leave. So what about it?"

He nodded his ascent, aided by the image of Julie reaching her tongue down and licking her right breast and capturing the erect nipple in her mouth and sexily chewing at it.

So Julie got the job and as she left the building, strutting sexily past reception where a poor shmuck waited nervously for their interview and where Sandra behind the reception desk could swear she saw a suspicious white smear on the slut's jacket………

*

Julie started in her new position two weeks later, being eagerly greeted by an invigorated Mr. Smith. It did not take long for nearly all the other women in the company to become aware of this sexy newcomer and to form a pretty accurate opinion that she was a prick teaser and a threat to them. The men found this about the same time and tried to get to know her better. But Julie wasn't interested in guys that couldn't help or advance her career and for that first month kept her head down and had no controversy.

Mr. Smith, of course, was eager to take Miss Stevens up on her deal clincher from the interview but she managed to talk her way around and out of it in the first couple of months with a variety of excuses before finally arranging a date in a local motel room for him to get the final part of his deal served up to him. He had kept his distance somewhat at work, not wanting to give anything away to his work colleagues who were doubtful as to his choice of new employee.

It was nearly too much for the old fellow, their night of passion. Julie had a body seemingly built for fucking and she utilised it to it's fullest on him, much of the time her firm body on top and doing much of the work. He couldn't keep up and his planned three hour long session was cut short after he ejaculated all over her beautiful breasts. Then as he lay panting and out of breath and a barely ruffled Julie got up and dressed she hit him with her bombshell.

"Enjoy that did you you dirty old man?" her voice was harsh now, Smith hadn't heard her like this. It was also laden with contempt.  

Without waiting for an answer she pulled open the walk in wardrobe in the room and out came a private detective she had a 'business' relationship with, the camcorder in his hand still pointed at Smith on the grubby motel bed. 

"You get it all Frank? (a nod and the guy stood back) Now don't get any ideas of us doing this again. I know I promised but guess what? I lied, asshole! But I will still do you a favour, if you are a good boy at work and sort out your resignation and my taking your place then I won't make sure Mary, your lovely wife, get's to see this footage. She isn't too well at the moment is she? I wonder how she'd take it?"

Smith was shattered, he suddenly saw what a fool he had been, bewitched by this conniving bitch. But he could see no way of escape other than what she suggested and in truth he had lost a bit of his will to work anyway, what was leaving a couple of years early? Within three more months he had departed and Julie Stevens was named as his replacement to universal disbelief. But Julie wasn't happy yet, she had much further on the ladder she wanted to climb to.

Things calmed down for a period then, Julie knuckled down to her work and to most peoples surprise she was actually pretty effective in her work. She made no friends with her attitude and demeanour and most everyone had their doubts about the haste in which Mr. Smith had left and she had stepped into the breach but what could anyone really do? Nothing, and that's what they did, they just got on with their own work and noted not to trust this newcomer. There was something so devious and underhanded about her. Then came word that a position as Sales Executive was about to open up and Julie saw it as another way forward with her career at the company. It offered her more money, a company car and other perks, but more importantly to Julie it offered her more power, and she craved that more than anything else.

But to get that job she would have to convince Steve Gibb of her suitability, and that presented a number of obstacles to the office slut. Steve may have been a male and therefore (in Julie's mind) automatically attracted to her but he had barely even seen fit to speak to her in the six months or so that she had been at the company. He was unmarried and she had already tried to chat him up with little success. Could he be gay? (Yes, Julie really was that bigheaded!). So he didn't appear to be interested in Julie's charms but there was another problem too, a 24 year old, six feet tall, black , female problem.

Michelle was Mr. Gibb's personal secretary and a more straight laced and contentious worker the company was never likely to find. She was a single mother from a failed childhood relationship and since the day her lover walked out on her she had studied and worked harder than most people could imagine. She had got this job two years ago aftera period spent as office junior. She really appreciated all that she had and all that she had earned and achieved through application and hard work. Which made her one of the most outspoken critics of Miss Julie Stevens. God, it almost made her physically sick to see someone get such rewards as she had gotten through so little work and (she thought) so much flaunting and using of her body. How she had got Mr. Smith's job in the first place was baffling to Michelle. Julie was the worst kind of woman and Michelle was ashamed to be of the same gender as this tramp.

So when Michelle heard about the Sales Executive post that was coming up she instinctively knew that Julie would try to get it and would try to go through her boss, the timid, quiet Mr. Gibbs to get the job. And she did. Paying unscheduled visits to see Mr. Gibbs when she had rarely bothered in the past and always leaning forward to show lots of her cleavage or bending over to show as much leg as possible. Julie really wasn't too subtle with her efforts (nor could she be as the post would be coming up in just a couple of weeks). However, Michelle took great pleasure seeing the tart's efforts come to absolutely nothing. He paid her no attention and was openly annoyed when she pestered him with unnecessary stuff in his office. As Julie marched out of his office one morning, her shoulders unusually slouched in defeat Michelle was sure that Mr. Gibbs had avoided the little bitch's evil efforts. She was just about right as well, as Julie walked back to her desk her brow was furrowed and she was confused. How could this man resist her? Not show even a semblance of interest in her? She knew she was too inexperienced to get the job on her own merits. Aaaargh! She gave a silent scream as she stubbed her pencil on her blotting pad. Now that she couldn't get the job it seemed, the more she was obsessed with getting it. But how?

The fates conspired to align one Wednesday morning. Mr. Gibbs was away at a hastily arranged Board meeting that was going to run on and on as they always tended to do. Michelle meanwhile had been forced to call in and take an unplanned holiday as her young son had been up all night with a fever and high temperature. So with sex and seduction having failed and Julie ready to admit defeat, suddenly Mr. Gibbs office was deserted and as Julie dropped off a report she took the chance to search his desk for anything that might help her get the job. Really, she was just looking for a report or other people who had applied for the post or even what Steve was looking for but what she found was much, much more interesting.

The office seemed to be in a constant state of confusion. Papers and reports were lying scattered throughout it and it struck Julie initially that there was such a mess that she wasn't likely to find anything that would help her. But as she stood behind his desk and dumped her own report into his overflowing in tray she saw something that took her attention. Down low on the right hand side a slight flash of shocking pink took her eye and pulling loose papers out of the way her instinct brought her hand to the drawer and pulled it sliding open. If someone had come in right then she would have had a lot of explaining to do. But no one was to interupt her and when she looked inside the drawer she found herself looking at a pair of frilly pink panties, and stockings and a matching bra. Julie pulled them out and wondered whose they were, Mr. Gibbs had shown no interest in sex to her she doubted he could be having an affair, who could it be with?

It did cross Julie's mind that they might belong to Michelle. But if so what were they doing in his drawer? Could they have been having an affair? It was the first thought that had made any sense to her and would certainly explain Michelle's hostility towards her. Even so it didn't ring true to both of their personalities but it was the only explanation that made sense to her. But illumination came as she noticed a magazine under the pink undergarments. 

She picked up the magazine and a whole series of Polaroid pictures fell out from inside it and scattered at her feet. She cursed but the expletive was cut off mid utter as she read the title of the magazine and caught her first glimpse of the pictures. The magazine was called "TV Times" and on the front cover was a picture of an obvious man dressed as a woman in skimpy underwear. Julie forgot about the pictures for a moment, intrigued as she was at finding such a magazine in Mr. Gibbs desk. She was starting to figure this out and if it was what she thought then she knew the job was as good as hers. 

Confirmation came at a folded over page in the magazine, it was the reader's pictures page and a half page picture of "Stella" was clearly Steve Gibbs wearing the self same pink suspenders and underwear that was in the drawer. And the Polaroid's were clearly ones he had had taken to send in for the magazine. This blew Julie's mind. Mr. Gibbs was a Transvestite! He liked wearing women's clothes! Julie could already see how this would help her and she took a careful note of the magazine name and lifted a couple of the pictures that clearly showed who it was in the pictures.

She couldn't figure out why he would have them at work and in his desk, little realising that that was a big part of the thrill for him, the very slight risk of discovery. After all only he and Michelle were ever in his room for any length of time, and his secretary would never dream of searching his desk. So he kept them there and when the opportunity arose he would pull the items out and let his imagination run wild. Which was what he had been doing when the meeting had been hastily called and he had inadvertently left a small piece of pink fabric showing. Being the crafty schemer that she was, Julie could already see what she had to do to get maximum advantage from it. She scuttled back to her office and scanned the magazine and picture onto a document and using her computer skills created it into an e-mail that showed both the magazine page and one of the photographs with an explanation of who it was below them. She saved them then using one of her remote, anonymous e-mail addresses sent the following message (along with a copy) to Steve's address.

"Dear Steve / Stella, I know your secret, right now this same attachment is one button press away from being sent to every single person on the company's e-mail list. Don't want that to happen? I thought not, to avoid it be dressed in your nice pink panties and stockings and be seated behind your desk at six o'clock tonight, I have a proposal for you."

It was signed with a mocking "x". Julie was supremely confident that he would do as she instructed and it was a very cocky little bitch that strutted across the deserted office at six that night and shoved open Mr. Gibbs door. She had watched him emerge from the board meeting at around four and he hadn't been out since but knew the message would have been read. Her confidence was well placed as the forty something, slightly balding but still quite handsome man sat timidly in his leather office chair and besides his shaven chest all she could see was his bright pink bra.

They locked eyes for a moment and Julie could see the anger and embarrassment in his eyes but as she had expected he was weak and could not meet her gaze and quickly looked down at his desk, aware that his subordinate had a mighty strong lever over him.
