 He flew in from out of town, I was picking him up from the airport and scrambled to get ready and leave for the airport on time. After agonizing over what to wear for almost an hour, I finally settled on a body hugging mini sweater dress in bright red with white stockings and cream colored thigh high boots. I sped most of the way to the airport to make up for lost time, and breathed a sigh of relief when I pulled into the parking garage ten minutes before he was due to land. 

After waiting what seemed like forever, I finally saw him come down the escalator toward baggage claim and saw him smile and speed his pace toward me. My heart skipped a beat when he finally reached me and kissed me, soft and almost shy, with a quick move to head to the baggage claim. 

Once we'd collected his bag, we headed out to the car. I popped the trunk for his bag and after he put it in he came around to the drivers side, I turned toward him thinking he was asking to drive. Instead, he pulled me roughly against him and squeezed my ass, kissing me deeply, thrusting his tongue forcefully against mine. When the kiss broke I was entirely speechless. He gazed at me possessively and said if there hadn't been people around he would have taken me right in the airport because I looked so good. Just that simple action left me wet, wanting, and feeling completely desired. I couldn't wait to get home and ended up speeding most of the way there. 

When we walked into the bedroom the gloves were off. He kissed me again, rough and demanding, all the while moving me toward the bed. As the back of my knees touched the edge, he pushed me back onto the bed and followed me down. He crushed my lips underneath his as his hands ran down my legs and back up, moving his hands to the top of my dress, pulling it down and following the trail with his mouth. When his lips wrapped around my nipple I was in heaven... The sensations rushing through my body first from his hands, then from his lips, made my blood heat and my already aroused senses respond with more urgency. 

He slid his hand down between us brushed his fingers across my clit through my stockings. Suddenly, he got up and came back to the bed with something metallic. He bent down between my legs and slowly cut the crotch out of my white stockings, each little snip taking another piece out until he made a nice big hole right over my pussy. 

Coming back to me, his body covering mine, he kissed me again, sliding his fingers down to play against my exposed sex. He flipped us over, moving me on top of him. We kept kissing, passionately and deeply, feeling his hard length pressing insistently underneath me as I gyrated my hips on top of him. He groaned and grabbed my ass, propelling me upward so my pussy was right over his mouth. His tongue darted out to flick across my clit and it was like an electric jolt as soon as he made contact. His tongue flicked and probed, sending me into an upward spiral of pure pleasure. I grabbed onto the headboard and rode the waves of sensation as his expert tongue drove me wild. 

He pulled me down onto his face and sucked my clit gently, then flicked at it again, then probed my pussy with his tongue before returning to my clit. I didn't know what sensation to focus on, it all felt so good! Finally his tongue settled in a smooth rhythm over my clit, that he interspersed with suckling it gently. The feeling of his tongue and mouth relentlessly pushed me closer and closer to orgasm. 

I felt my body tightening, preparing for the imminent explosion; feeling his mouth pushing me further toward his goal. I couldn't take it anymore, I came in violent waves, riding his face and writhing in ecstasy. It went on for what seemed like forever, rocking my body to the core with one of the most powerful orgasms of my life. He kept teasing my clit, following me as I pulled away whimpering, knowing he was driving me crazy with sensation overload as I went into hypersensitive mode after cumming.

Finally I moved off of him, seeing his face covered in my juices was unbelievably sexy. I bent down to kiss him and lick up some of my own cum, loving how I tasted on his tongue. I got impatient to feel him and slid my hand down, undoing the buckle on his belt and then his pants, sliding them down his hips to release his enormously thick, hard cock. Gazing at his thick cock, I felt myself get even wetter. Breaking our kiss, I moved down to wrap my mouth around the head of his cock, gently swirling my tongue around the tip, then sucking on it gently. With that little tease, I wanted to feel more of that delicious shaft in my mouth. I slowly slid my mouth down the entire length, trying to get as much of his cock into my mouth as I could without gagging. 

No easy task! His cock felt huge inside my mouth and pulsed against my tongue with each ever more rapid heartbeat. I slid my mouth up and down the length of his cock, savoring the feel of him fully penetrating my mouth, and loving every little sound he made as I sucked. I kept suction on his cock as best I could given the size, and slid my mouth up and down trying to be careful not to accidentally graze him with my teeth. My ass was pointed toward his face as I was sucking, and he soon got other ideas. Pulling me over to straddle his face, my mouth still stuffed full of his cock, he started licking me again... It was all I could do to concentrate on his cock and try to keep sucking and licking in some semblance of a rhythm. His mouth felt amazing on my pussy and I wanted to feel him inside me so badly. 

His cock just seemed to get harder and harder, feeling like it would burst through the skin if it didn't get release soon. By this point I was aching to be filled, and I slid my body down and slid his cock inside me, straddling him reverse cowgirl style. His cock pushed in almost angrily, stretching me around him and making my body accept his huge length. I groaned in pleasure and starting moving up and down on his length, trying to fit all of his shaft inside me. I started out slowly, moving almost completely off his cock with each stroke, then pushing back down onto him. 

He grabbed my calves and squeezed, running his hands up and down my stocking clad legs and tugging on the tops of my boots. I wanted more leverage to tease him, so I turned around, straddling his hips and slowly lowering my pussy down to envelope his thick hard cock again. Feeling him from that direction made me gasp as he forced me to stretch around him from a different angle. 

Slowly I wrapped just around the head at first, then slid down a little, back up, back down, never quite taking all of him inside. Finally I slammed my hips down, and his thrust up to meet me jammed his cock as deep as it could go. I winced in pain along with the tremendous pleasure of being so totally possessed. His cock was relentless, pounding up into me with urgency, while his mouth came up to suck and nip at a nipple and his hand twisted and pinched the other one. I felt myself building to orgasm again, and his cock invading me so thoroughly was pushing me there.

He pushed me off him and pulled me to my hands and knees, positioning himself behind me and ramming his cock home. The shock and force was astounding, as he pushed deeply into me and bent down to bite my shoulder and my neck. I came. Exploding around his cock for the second time that night as he pounded into me. He just kept coming, his cock jack hammering into me.

He grabbed my hips and flipped me over again, pinning me underneath him and arranging me so my legs were completely spread with him kneeling between them, buried to the hilt inside me. I dragged my nails down his back as he thrust into me, his cock hitting deeper than I thought possible and causing that painful stretching that leaves a pleasant ache for days. 

He bent down over me and kissed me passionately, his tongue scorching my mouth and making me need to feel him everywhere at once. The way his cock claimed me while his tongue did battle with mine made me feel fully taken, owned almost. And I liked it. He kept thrusting, filling my pussy from a new angle and leaving his nipples right in front of my face, I wrapped my mouth around his left nipple and sucked, causing him to jerk inside me and groan. I kept sucking, using my hand to tweak and roll his other nipple between my fingers. 

He groaned in pleasure and I just kept sucking, knowing I was making him feel even half as good as he made me feel acting as a catalyst to spur me on. His cock was throbbing now, I could feel it spasm every time I squeezed down around him. He tired of our arrangement and moved me to my hands and knees again, pushing my head down into the mattress and pummeling my pussy for all he was worth. Finally, he slowed his pace and started to cum, shooting stream upon stream of cum deep inside of me. I could feel the warmth and the force of it as it shot out against my cervix. 

Completely spent, he collapsed on top of me. His cock still pulsing inside my body, I felt him sink into me as if we weren't two separate people anymore. I felt complete.