 Friday morning I got up early and had breakfast at my favorite restaurant. Mai Ling had told me to eat a hearty breakfast again and I knew from experience that she meant it.

After eating, I drove to the clinic for my appointment. When I arrived, Ann was at the reception desk - doing her nails again. I said hello and she just glared at me. I'd done it now.

I told her that I was here for my next treatment. With that, she put down her nail file, bounced up and, in a stern nurse-like voice said, "follow me."

With that, she flounced down the hall. None of the sexy sway to her ass this time. More of a tight-assed, "you've had your last piece of this black ass, white boy" type of walk. My cock wasn't stirring either.

We entered the room and Mai Ling greeted me, then went the small cabinet and pulled out a hospital gown.

As she bent over to extract the gown from the cabinet her ass was a delight to watch. I remembered last night and that got my cock to stir.

Handing the gown to me, she told me to get undressed, put the gown on and lie down on the examination table.

With that, she sat down on a stool to watch. As I took my shorts off, Mai Ling asked if Ann and I had fought.

When I asked why she wanted to know she commented on the softness of my cock.

Before, when Ann had showed me in, it was almost hard. I told Mai Ling that it probably had something to do with my leaving so abruptly yesterday and not calling her.

Mai Ling said that she would speak to her about it. Mai Ling began to strap me down. As before, a strap was placed around each of my ankles. Another went around each leg just above the knee. One was placed around my waist and another around my chest. Two straps held each of my arms.

She had me motionless. Mai Ling adjusted the table so my feet were wide apart with my knees slightly bent giving her free access to my pubic area. After she finished strapping me down, she went into the bathroom and got the shaving equipment. She sat the washbasin on the stool at the end of the examination table.

After making a couple of adjustments to the table, she began removing my pubic hair stubble that had grown back. Mai Ling saw that not much hair had grown back and said that all I needed was a quick shave this time. Before soaping me up, Mai Ling took a warm wet washcloth and washed my genital area thoroughly.

Then she dipped the washcloth into the water and made sure my cock and balls were wet. Now my cock was beginning to react. It was getting hard again. Mai Ling smiled, took the shaving brush and began to apply thick soapy suds to my cock and balls. The feeling was very erotic. My cock began to get really hard then.

As she began rubbing on the soap, she stroked my cock. When she squeezed my balls, I thought I would cum. Then she stopped. Picking up the straight razor, she began to shave all the hair until I was as smooth as a baby's butt. While she was shaving me, she would alternately stroke my cock and squeeze my balls keeping me hard as a rock and close to cumming. When she had me cleaned of all hair, she took another warm wet wash-cloth and washed me off again. Then she dried me off and took all the shaving equipment to the bathroom.

When she returned, Mai Ling had a bottle of the same lotion she used before. She began applying it to my balls and the base of my cock. As she smoothed the lotion on, I could feel the heat in my loins rising again. My cock, which had begun to subside while she was in the bathroom, began to stiffen anew.

While Mai Ling was rubbing the lotion in, she reached down and put my cock in her mouth and began to suck on it. Mai Ling sucked my cock as she applied the lotion. Soon, the juices began rising through my cock. When I came, Mai Ling was careful not to lose a drop. I could feel the cum spurt time after time. She must have sucked on me for a full five minutes until I was drained. As she eased my cock out of her mouth, she licked all around the crown, making sure not a drop was wasted. When she was finished, Mai Ling went into the bathroom and washed her hands.

She returned in a few minutes carrying the tray of needles. Mai Ling swabbed the areas where the needles were to be placed with a piece of antiseptic gauze. She then took one of the needles and approached me. She inserted one in my lower lip - on the inside. Then, she placed one in each of my temples.

As she was putting the needles in, she asked me if I remembered this was not part of the treatment. They were to make me relax. I said I remembered and she continued. I awoke just when Mai Ling was removing the last needle. I must say, that I was relaxed.

I noticed Tai Soo was in the room again and spoke to her. Tai Soo said hello and they proceeded to lower the examination table. After lowering the table, they began to undo the straps again. When they had finished removing the straps, Mai Ling had me roll over on my stomach. Then, she showed me where to place my hips.

Once I was in position, they re-applied some of the straps. First, one strap was placed around the waist, then one at each ankle. Then, after strapping down my arms, they began to elevate the center of the examination table - raising my butt in the air.


Tai Soo went into the bathroom and began filling the enema bottle with a warm, soapy water solution. When she returned, she took some of the jell that smelled like fresh strawberries and began to apply it to my asshole. Then she pushed some inside, gently inserting her finger. She continued stroking it in and out until my ass hole relaxed and accepted it. When she had my ass hole ready, she inserted the enema nozzle in my ass. As before, it hurt a little, then, after she worked it in and out a few times, it began to feel good. That's when my cock began to stiffen some more.

After Tai Soo had the nozzle in far enough, she reached up and released the clamp on the hose. The water began to flow. As my insides filled with warm soapy water, I began to get a cramp. When I told her, she set the clamp on the hose.

Then Tai Soo reached between me and the table and gently massaged my lower stomach until the ache went away. I told her that my cramp had subsided and she loosened the clamp letting the water surge in again. Soon I was full. I had taken the entire bottle again and felt very full.

Mai Ling and Tai Soo raised the table, un-strapped me and helped me to the bathroom. I had begun to cramp up again and could barely walk. They left and shut the door and I emptied all the water into the commode. By the time I had finished, I felt very weak. I called for Mai Ling and Tai Soo telling them I was through.

They opened the door and entered the bathroom. Mai Ling took the enema bottle and, after washing it out, began filling it with plain water. After she got it filled, the two of them helped me up, then bent me over the side of the bathtub. After washing me off, Tai Soo again took some more of the jell and applied it liberally to my ass. When she inserted the nozzle it was easier this time.

As soon as she had the nozzle in place, Tai Soo released the clamp. I was filled with a warm feeling as the water rushed in. My cock was still stiff as a board. Once I had taken the entire bottle, the two of them massaged my stomach. From time to time, they stroked my cock, keeping it rock hard. After a few minutes, I had to sit down again and release the water.

It took longer than before and I was even weaker when I finished. The two of them helped me up and into the shower. After removing my gown, they undressed and stepped into the shower with me. Turning the water on, they proceeded to give me a thorough soaping from back to front - top to bottom.

Mai Ling started on my front - Tai Soo on my back. By the time they finished, my poor cock was begging for release. After drying me off, they led me back to the examination table.

Mai Ling gave me a fresh gown to put on. Then, they helped me back onto the table and strapped me down again. Face up this time.

They positioned my legs and feet like they were before. Knees slightly elevated and legs spread wide apart.

Mai Ling then told me that she needed to take some measurements so they could compare the last ones. Tai Soo pulled over a stool and positioned herself between my legs. Taking my cock in her mouth, she proceeded to give me a blow-job. It felt great. When I was about to cum, she stopped. As she had during the first treatment, she pressed near the base of my cock to prevent my release.

Mai Ling stepped in and measured the length and diameter of my cock. She said that my cock was 12 3/8” long and 2 ¼” in diameter. The same size as it was when she finished the first treatment.

Tai Soo took my cock in her mouth again and started a slow sucking, taking in the full length then releasing it. Three or four of these and she stopped as I was about to cum. She again applied pressure to the base, stopping my release.

Mai Ling stepped in and again took the measurements. No change. Still the same size and still begging for release.

The two of them continued this same procedure two more times before they were satisfied that my cock wasn't getting any bigger.

Then, Mai Ling rolled the ejaculator machine in from the bathroom. She placed the nozzle over my cock, plugged it in and turned it on. It began humming and slowly applying suction to my cock. As ready as I was, it only took a few seconds and I emptied every drop of sperm I had into the bulb.

When I was finished, Mai Ling turned off the machine and read the scale on the side of the bulb. She announced that I had 5 ounces of cum.

Tai Soo came out of the bathroom carrying a washbasin full of warm water and began to wash my cock again. The little bugger was getting stiff again by the time she stopped. After repositioning the table where it was flat again, Mai Ling told me that I needed a rest. This time I must rest for two hours.

She got the tray of needles and applied them to my lower lip and temples as she did before. Then, I slept.

When I awoke Mai Ling was removing the last of the needles. Tai Soo was not in the room.

She adjusted the table as before. My knees were slightly bent and my feet were wide apart. Then she began.

She placed a stool between my legs again and sat on it. Reaching forward, she took my cock into her mouth and began to suck the length of it in and out.

As my cock got harder and harder, she began to make low moaning sounds. The vibrations from her moaning were exciting. My cock got hard in no time.

After getting my cock hard enough to start the treatment, Mai Ling picked up a needle.

She inserted it through the base of my cock from east to west, as she had the first treatment. I felt nothing.

Taking another needle, she inserted it above the first in a north to south direction.

After she was satisfied that they were in position, she reached out and thumped one. I could feel it vibrate against the other and the effect was as erotic as could be. My cock was hard and getting harder.

She inserted a third needle about halfway toward the tip of my cock from the first two. This one was also placed from east to west.

A fourth needle was positioned like the second one - slightly above the third and running from north to south.

As before, she thumped it slightly. Then she thumped one of the first two again. My cock started vibrating and I thought that I would cum.

Taking two more needles, she positioned these as she had the previous pairs but just behind the crown of my cock.

Again, she went through the thumping procedure. First the pair she had just inserted, then the second pair, then the first. It felt good.

Taking a single needle again, Mai Ling inserted it through the length of my cock, starting at the crown and running to the base.

Mai Ling reached out and thumped the last one and the other six began to vibrate as well. My cock was begging for release.

She then started the second part of the treatment. One needle went into my right ear lobe and one in the left. One needle was placed in the lower lip. Then she placed the last one through my cheeks again.

It was at this point that I began to get drowsy. Mai Ling told me to relax and that I would probably sleep for a couple of hours and she would be back. I didn't hear her finish because I dozed off.

I was just beginning to come around as Mai Ling was removing the last needle from my cock. It was still hard as a rock. I couldn't believe it when Mai Ling told me that I had slept 2 hours and my cock was stiff the entire time.

She then got another washbasin full of warm water and proceeded to wash me again. While she was washing me off, Mai Ling told me that she could hardly wait to find out if my cock had grown. As she was finishing the washing, Tai Soo returned to the room. As she had during the last treatment, she took off her dress and climbed onto the table. Tai Soo reached for my cock as she lowered her pussy to my waiting mouth. The aroma of her pussy was heavenly and the taste was as delicious as it was last night.

She wasn't wasting any time. She was working my cock over and I loved every minute of it. I felt Mai Ling applying some strawberry jell to my ass hole. She was slipping a finger in and twirling it around to loosen it up.

When she felt that my ass hole was lubricated, she raised the dildo from beneath the table. Inserting the tip of it into my ass, she tilted the table.

As my legs were being lowered and my head raised, the dildo began to slip up my ass until I was impelled upon it. 

After another few minutes of sucking my cock, Tai Soo managed to get it twitching.

My cock jerked and tried to explode but it didn't. It was another "false cum." I mentioned it so Mai Ling could record it for later comparison.

Tai Soo then positioned herself above my cock and began to insert it in her pussy. I noticed that it seemed much larger than beforeTai Soo settled down on my cock and I could see pain in her eyes. After a few tries, she managed to get it started. If I had not gotten her pussy well lubricated, there would have been no way that my cock would fit in her cunt.

Tai Soo began to move slowly up and down on my cock, taking a little with each thrust. It must have taken five minutes until she had the entire shaft in her pussy. By now my cock began jerking again - still no cum. "False cum" number 2 arrived. Soon Tai Soo stopped moving and just sat there with that massive cock filling her. I felt her cunt muscles clench and unclench around my cock as she reached another orgasm.

When she decided to get off my cock, Mai Ling had to help her again. Tai Soo reached the floor and her knees were so weak she couldn't stand. Mai Ling helped her to a stool.

I looked at my cock and saw that it was much larger. Mai Ling moved toward the table and, reaching underneath, flipped the switch on the dildo. The dildo came alive in my ass and started to massage my prostrate gland. As stiff as my cock was before, it was getting stiffer.

Mai Ling removed her dress and assumed the same position that Tai Soo had. My cock in her mouth and her pussy lips covering my mouth. I began to lick and nibble at her pussy lips and clit. Thinking of last night, I sucked her pussy and teased her clit with my tongue. Her wriggling ass told me that she was enjoying my sucking. She had a little better control this time. Mai Ling managed to bring me to three "false cums" before she succumbed to the desire to fuck.

She moved down to the end of the table and positioned herself over my cock. It was huge. I didn't know how much, but it was a lot bigger than before.

As she inserted the crown of my cock into her pussy, she stiffened. She had to move up and down several times before she managed to get the crown inside her. She leaned forward and lay on my chest and rested. Her breath was rapid and I could feel the quick beat of her heart.

Then, she began to move back and forth, forcing more and more of my huge cock into her pussy.

Finally, she had it all inside her pussy and she stopped. She leaned forward and placed an erect nipple in my mouth.

I began to suck on it slowly, bringing it to full hardness. I thought for a moment that Mai Ling had passed out but she began to stir. She tried to work my whole cock in and out of her.

Her pussy was so tight that she could only manage to move an inch or so before cumming. I had already gotten "false cum" number 4.

She again leaned forward and lay still to gather her strength as she had before. Then she began to stroke back and forth on my cock again. In and out she worked it, managing to work another couple of inches out this time and then, back in.

In seconds, she began to cum again. Her copious juices were providing lubrication so her tight pussy could move on my huge cock. It took a little longer this time for her to regain her strength. I felt her stir and she began to slide back and forth on my cock.

With her lubricated pussy she managed to move about 6 inches of it in and out of her cunt. As she raised up I could see how stretched her pussy lips were. As she plunged down, her pussy lips were forced inside her.

After a few minutes of frantic fucking, she stiffened and began to shake. She was coming again. By this time, my cock began to twitch and jerk and I got "false cum" number 5.

I asked Mai Ling how much of my cock she could take. She replied that she was enjoying every inch of it. Apparently, she had no thoughts about getting off me yet. She rested some more and I could feel her body bathed in sweat. She was getting more of a workout than she expected.

She began to move again, sliding up and down my chest, pulling my cock out of her as she slid forward. Forcing it in on the return trip. After a minute or so, she raised up and put her feet on the table on either side of me. With an effort, she raised her ass.

Moving slowly she worked her pussy up and down my cock. She told me that my cock was growing inside her. She also began to wonder just how much more she could take.

Mai Ling reached another orgasm as she talked and I could see the juices running down to the base of my cock.

She rapidly stroked my massive cock with her pussy as she raised and lowered her ass. A few strokes later, I hit "false cum" number 6.

She said that she was really exhausted and ready to call it quits. She said that I needed to cum so she could take the measurements to compare with my previous ones.

At this point, she asked Tai Soo if she would mind taking over for a few minutes. It was then that I noticed Tai Soo working on her pussy with a monster dildo. She told Mai Ling that she was stretching her pussy so she could take all of me.

With that, she removed the dildo and helped Mai Ling off me. As she did, I looked at my cock. It was larger than John's. I began to think that this would be the last treatment. I might even ask Mai Ling if she could reverse it.

Tai Soo didn't waste too much time on the preliminaries this time. She climbed on the table, inserted the head of my cock between her pussy lips and sat down. The entire cock slid into her without a hitch. The dildo had done the trick.

If my cock stayed this big, I was going to have to buy one of those to use on any woman that I fucked. If I got her loosened up first, we could get it on.

Using her knees for leverage, Tai Soo began to fuck me. She raised up, then slammed down fucking the full length of my turgid shaft. After about 4 or 5 strokes, she began to cum. As her body shook, her pussy lips tightened on the base of my cock. I reached "false cum" number 7. I hoped that the next one would be for real.

After she rested a few minutes, Tai Soo began to move her ass slowly. Working it around in small circles, rotated my massive cock inside her. A minute or two of this and she was coming again. I was still hard as a rock and nowhere near coming. I reached "false cum" number 8. Damn, a record.
