 How would I make you cum?

Were alone in the bedroom and have all the time in the world.

I start by holding you close and slowly run my hands over your body, caressing and stroking you whilst I gently kiss your lips and neck. 

I kiss you with my tongue so that I feel our tongues intertwining. I slide my hand up under your top and stroke your back (undoing your bra) and then slowly slide my hand down the back of your trousers, down, under your knickers and cup your arse checks, stroking, spreading and kneading your arse.

I break our kissing to undo your trousers and let them fall to the floor and then step back to take off your top and bra, dropping them on the floor to leave you standing in front of me in just your lacy knickers (French).

I stand there for a few moments taking in the site of your gorgeous almost naked body, watching as your nipples quickly get harder and harder on your truly amazing tits. Your body is superb and just looking at you in all your glory makes me so hard!

I lay you down on the bed and remove your knickers to reveal your smooth bald pussy. Your knickers are very damp, in fact they are just plain wet and I can easily smell your pussy juices on them as I bring them to my face and feel the dampness of you on them. I can't resist so quickly flick my tongue out to taste you, superb, I can't wait to get a proper taste of you now. 

I kiss you again this time exploring your body with my hands as you try to grab my hard cock through my trousers. I push your hands away as that's for later!

I bend my neck and take a nipple into my mouth, gently nibbling it and sucking it.....heaven. The other one gets the same treatment but I hold onto it with my teeth and pull it gently which makes you squirm with pleasure. My hand has by this stage found your smooth, bald pussy and is slowly rubbing it; I grind my palm into your lips and clit, spreading your juices and loving it as your pussy juice coats my hand, god you're wet, this turns me on even more, 

I slip a finger into your pussy and very slowly slide it into you until it can't go any further. I know you like to be fingered slow and deep and can feel your pussy sucking on my finger like it wants to eat it! I slowly begin to slide it in and out as deep as I can go, I can hear your pussy juices as they squish around my finger. I love that sound so much and you know I love a woman with a wet pussy.

I can't take any more so I reluctantly take my finger out and get you to lick your juice from my finger and palm. This almost makes me cum as I love to watch you clean your own juices up, it's a dirty turn on that I love, so depraved!

I quickly take my clothes off and in no time I climb onto the bed naked, sporting a nice hard cock. I allow you to touch my cock and balls for a few minutes and you eagerly pull my cock and balls enjoying how they feel and move. You like the fact that I keep my shaft and top of my balls shaved, easier to see everything and it feels so good for both of us. Your quick play, coupled with the fact that I am by now extremely horny means that my cock is leaking large amounts of pre-cum over your hand. My cock head is coated in it and it's starting to drip off my helmet on to you.

Fuck I am horny now and by the looks of you so are you! Your chest is really flushed, your tits heaving, nipples erect and your pussy is glistening with juice, your lips and clit are clearly engorged.

I move so that I am closer to your pussy, almost sitting at your side and then I slide one, then two fingers into you while you slowly alternate between pumping my cock with your hand and playing with my balls. I love watching as your pussy lips separate and your pussy swallows my fingers with ease. I slowly pump them in and out as deep as I can go whilst I rub your clit, within a few minutes I feel your pussy spasm as you cum hard on my fingers, juice flowing out of your pussy and down over your beautiful puckered little arse hole. You squeeze my cock hard as you cum and both of us groan with please from each others work love fingering you and don't want to stop yet so don't.

I add a third finger to really stretch and stimulate you and then I rub a finger from my other hand around your pussy and then slide my now wet finger down and place it at your arse hole, slowly to make sure your comfortable with it and so that I don't hurt you I push against your arse. I feel resistance at first and then you relax and my finger gently slides all the way into your arse, you gasp and push back onto my finger, it's as deep as I can get it without adding a second finger which I don't want to do just yet! It feels amazing and I can feel my fingers in each hole between the wall of your arse and pussy, fuck that's horny and judging by the way your pushing yourself onto me I think you're enjoying the sensation as well as me. I slide my fingers in and out of your pussy, slowly and deeply, it's amazing to see your pussy so full, your pussy lips are stretched obscenely and it looks amazing. You arse looks just as good with my digit deeply embedded in it and even better when I gently begin to finger your arse using your own juices as lube!

I adjust my fingers in your pussy so I can curl them up and in doing so I feel the texture inside your pussy wall change from smooth to rough, the magic g-spot. It doesn't take long to make you cum and my god you cum. Your pussy literally gushes juice and it squirts out of you and coats my hand and the other parts of my body in range of your marvellous gushing pussy. Your pussy and arse spasming so much I feel like I will never get my fingers back!

I think your pussy needs some tender loving care now so I take my fingers out of you and get you to lick them clean, this time I help and we steal a few deep kisses in the process. God you taste amazing and it would appear you like the taste of me as well as you let go of my hard cock and eagerly lick my pre-cum from your hand.

Once we are a little cleaner I lay down on the bed between your legs looking up at your pussy and start sucking on your wet pussy lips and engorged clit. I gently probe your pussy with my tongue, hearing you moan with approval I slide my tongue into you until I bump your clit. I love your taste and eagerly start going to work on your pussy. I alternate between sucking your pussy lips and clit and plunging my tongue into you and then licking the roof of your pussy to try and get your g-spot. I stop for a second and just lick you pussy lips again and ever so slowly lick down to your arse hole and lick you here before I slowly push the tip of it into your rose bud. It's slick with your pussy juice and goes in easily, this really makes you moan. I take it out after a few minutes and go back to your pussy.

I bring my hand up and rub my finger around your pussy, coating it in your juice and then slowly slide my finger all the way into your arse, it slips in and makes you grind you pussy harder into my face. I can feel you pushing down to try and get more of my finger up your arse, it's so tight. I start to pump my finger in and out of your arse, this does the trick and you start fucking my face and finger with your wet pussy and tight arse, within a few minutes your juices flood my mouth as you cum again, your pussy muscles sucking on my tongue and your arse pulling on my finger. I love it!

I pull my finger out of your arse and crawl between your legs, my cock comes to rest over your wet pussy and as we start kissing you taste your pussy juice in my mouth and on my lips. We can both feel my cock nudging your entrance. As we kiss I am so turned on that as my cock moves around it drips pre-cum over your stomach and pussy. I break the kiss and grab a drink from the pint glass on the bedside table.

I go back down to your pussy and start again with the oral onslaught, but unknown to you I now have two ice cubes in my mouth that I got when I took my drink.

The first you know is when you gasp as my now very cold mouth touches your very hot, swollen and wet pussy. You have a little orgasm from this and before you can fully recover i go to work again but this time I use my tongue to slip the ice cubes into your pussy and I slowly push them in and suck them out, this starts to make you writhe on the bed with pleasure so I take one of the cubes out and keep it in my mouth and then suck on your clit. The results are near instantaneous and you explode into my mouth as you cum hard. There is more juice than the last times as you now have iced water up your pussy as well, no matter I quickly clean you up.

I look up at you and ask if you're ready to carry on, your chest is flushed bright red and your tits are heaving, you just nod. God you look amazing lying there with your legs spread wide open and your pussy lips open. I can see your pussy gently pulsing as you come down from your earlier orgasm!

I kneel between your legs and pull you towards me so we are almost touching. I put you legs either side of me and start rubbing my wet, shinny cock head up and down you pussy opening, I rub from your clit to your arse hole, smearing our juices together. My cock is getting very sensitive now so I stop sliding it and push cock straight into your pussy; you're so wet it goes straight in until my balls touch you. 

We slowly start fucking, I savour sliding my cock slowly in and out of you, I really enjoying watching your pussy as it opens and closes around me, your tits moving all over the place look great, a very horny sight indeed, I reach for your magnificent tits and start fondling and stroking them before I pinch your nipples, teasing them until you gasp and then gently suck on each nipple, nibbling them as I go. I kneel back up and you reach between your legs and start rubbing your clit and touch my cock at the point where we join, feeling it disappear into you with each thrust. 

God your wet, the noise your pussy makes as we fuck is amazing, I can feel your juice as it runs out of you onto my balls, coating them in your gorgeous juices. 

We carry on fucking, varying the pace and tempo for a long time; you cum a few times more while were fucking before I feel my balls start to tighten.

You can sense that I'm about to cum, flooding your pussy with my cum so you change the pace and start fucking me harder and faster, driving me deep inside you so that my balls are really slapping your arse, I can't take this pace for long and within a few minutes I start cumming deep inside you, pumping you full of my cum, I can't believe how hard I cum, my orgasm seems to just keep going, I'm cumming like a fountain. We keep fucking as I cum inside you and this pushes you over the edge as well and makes you cum with me deep inside you. We just slowly stop our thrusting and just enjoy the feeling of each other locked together, my cock and your pussy twitching away as our orgasms subside. I slowly pull out of you, my cock still hard, a welcomed sight indeed. Your pussy is open wide and I can easily see our combined juices as they start to ooze out of you. It's such a horny sight, you look obscenely sexy lying there like that and I love it.

I go down on you and quickly start to lick you clean, sucking our combined juices from you. Once you're a little cleaner I put one, then two and then three fingers inside you and finger you as deep as I can, you easily take my fingers and I wonder if you can take more.

I kneel up again and kiss you hard, our tongues connect and you get to taste our combined juices, this gets us both moaning.

I look at you and say "turn over and get on your knees", you don't question why, you willingly do it, you and I both know that I would never do anything to hurt you and, if you wanted me to stop you only have to ask, you never do though.

I get behind you and just admire the view. Your tits are hanging down, your nipples very hard and just touching the bed, your pussy is spread wide open, I can see every little detail, it looks so fucking hot and I can still see some of our combined juices in you. Your arse hole is slick with our love making as well. You look so fucking depraved and horny. I wish I had a camera so I could capture you like this.

I slowly put a finger into your pussy, and then quickly add a second and then a third. This makes you happy and I can hear you sigh and moan, gently pushing yourself back onto me. You rest your chest on the bed and relax some more. I carry on fingering you for a few minutes and then I gently add a fourth finger; your pussy is still so wet so it goes in with little resistance. I feel you tense for a second and then you push back onto me, you like it I can tell and you soon cum, I can feel your muscles clamping my fingers and your juices flowing around my fingers. 

Once you have recovered I hear you quietly say "more". 

More, surly not! 

Did I hear you right? 

I decide that I did so I gently bring my fingers out so that only the tips rest against your pulsing hole and then curl my thumb into my palm and slowly, very slowly proceed to push my curled hand into your gaping wet pussy.

Your pussy is very wet and has been thoroughly warmed up and stretched by my actions so far and my fingers and hand are coated in juices so I think I might just be able to do this if you let me!

To start with I feel resistance from your muscles and then ever so slowly your muscles relax and my hand slowly slides into you. Fuck, I have never seen a more amazing sight; my hand is in your pussy and your lips are stretched tightly around my wrist. You gasp as you get used to the feeling of being so full and then slowly being to fuck my fist. I just hold my arm still and watch in amazement as your pussy engulfs my hand, leaving a tide mark of pussy juice on my wrist.

I can feel your muscles spasming as you slowly slide my hand in and out of your pussy, within a few minutes you start to get faster and faster and then I am sprayed with your juice as you squirt all over me as you cum and cum, over and over again. I can even see your arse hole pulsing as you orgasm. It is the most intense feeling (you tell me after that it was the best and most intense orgasm you have ever experienced). As you lay slumped on the bed, face down, arse and pussy up in the air I gently withdraw my hand from your pussy, you simply shudder and have one more orgasm, you pussy is obscenely wide, open for me to see everything, it looks amazing. I lean forward past you prone body and kiss you hard on the lips and after a few minutes, between us we lick your juice off of my hand.

I have one final treat for you, your pussy has had it's fill of me for the time being. I pull you by the hips back into a kneeling position and place the head of my still hard cock at your arse and gently pull you back onto my cock. The pre-cum from my helmet combined with the juice from our earlier escapades provides more than enough lubrication to allow me to quickly penetrate your arse until my pubes touch your cheeks. 

I slowly being to pump my cock in and out of your arse, I look down at your head and can just see one of your tits swaying with each thrust, nipple grazing the bed, a gorgeous sight. One of your hands reaches between your spread legs, past your soaking, ravaged pussy and grabs hold of my balls, stopping them from slapping your swollen pussy. I feel you grasp them and gently milk them, pulling and squeezing them before your release me and start rubbing your clit.

I know I won't last long; I'm in sensory overload at the moment with everything we have done and are still doing. 

Your arse is so tight, it feels amazing. Our pace gets quicker and quicker, my cock pistoning in and out of your arse, your moans grow louder, the slapping sound as your arse cheeks connect with me spur us both on and soon the inevitable happens. I feel my cum start to well up inside my balls again and I call out that I'm going to cum. This spurs you on and I feel you really impaling your arse on by hard cock. Within seconds I start cumming, realising my spunk deep into your arse, my cock pulsing away deep inside you, this has the effect of making you cum, an intense anally induced orgasm, you call out as you cum and we collapse on the bed panting. 

After a few minutes I feel my cock, still buried inside your arse begin to soften. I pull it out slowly and look down to see your arse hole open from my cock, my cum inside you, you look like you have died and gone to heaven, you look happy and exhausted coated in your juices and my cum.

I lie down next to you and gently stroke your naked body, savouring your touch and noticing the smell of sex on both of us for the first time. 

I gently run my hand over your arse hole and can't resist one last play. I ease two fingers into your cum soaked arse, pumping them in and out for a few minutes, coating them in my cum. I make you very happy but am worried that it will be too much for you so I stop, clean my fingers and curl up behind you and spoon, my cock pressed into your arse and my hand cupping you gorgeous tit. I pull the bed covers over us and we drift of to sleep, each of us dreaming filthy dreams of our next time, maybe with toys or an outdoor adventure!