 "When can I see you Katie?"

Speaking into the phone, she says, "Brad, why are you doing this? Just calling me here at home can get me in a lot of trouble."

"I can't help it. Since Janice introduced us the other day, I can't get you out of my mind and I know from the way you were looking at me, that you had feelings too. Tell me I'm wrong."

There was silence, no response to his request. Hoping against hope, Brad really wanted to see this woman again. He decided to press it just a little further. "Look, when your husband goes to work in the morning, please meet me at Starbuck's. We can at least talk without worry there."

"I shouldn't, but I'll meet you just this once at eight, okay?"

"Thank you Katie, I'll see you then. Good night."

"Good night."

Hanging up the phone in the booth, Brad thought to himself, "I've got to be with this woman. But I'm more likely fooling myself once again."

Sliding the doors to the booth open, Brad stepped out into the night and headed to his penthouse at Camden Arms. Brad had money, a lot of it, but he wasn't a happy man. At fifty four, he had accomplished a lot in his life and was tired of doing for others all the time.

That was the main reason for him selling the company that he had started nearly twenty years ago. It was always rushing to do this, that or the other thing and never having time for himself. Even at night, away from the company, all he could think about was how to improve production or make things easy for the employees.

When he was offered two and a half billion for his company five years ago, he laughed at first and over a few weeks he began to give it some serious thought. He finally decided to take the money and run. He sold his home in Boston and quietly left the city. 

Now, with nothing but time on his hands, he took a train across the states and ended up in Sacramento. He bought the penthouse outright, but he was lonely too. He didn't know anyone in the city, so he went out and visited a lot of clubs and bars. Not that he was a heavy drinker, he wasn't. One drink could last him for over an hour if he wanted it to. He just wanted to meet people.

Trading in his thousand dollar suits for jeans and T-shirts and boots, he made his way around town. When asked what he did for a living, he'd always switch the subject or when pressed he'd tell people he was a writer.

Brad also rented a two bedroom apartment, that he furnished with some nice furniture, but not real expensive stuff. He set it up as his "writer's persona" and when he entertained his new friends, it was there that he held the parties.

As he neared the Camden Arms, Henry, the Doorman spotted him and greeted him, "Evening Mr. Bolton, beautiful night, isn't it?"

"Yes it is Henry," he said as he entered the building and went into the elevator. Using a special key, he inserted it in a slot and the elevator started up to the fiftieth floor and opened to what could only be described as a very posh room.

While getting undressed, his cell phone rang. Looking at the caller id, it was Janice.

"Hello, why the late call?"

"Just checking up on you, seeing how your doing and what gossip you want to throw my way."

Brad laughed and said, "Your crazy woman, you know that?"

"Yeah, I know it and better yet, you realize it. So tell me, have you talked to Katie yet?"

"Why would you ask me that, I just met her that once the other day?"

"Brad, this is Janice, remember? I saw the puppy-dog eyes you two were making at one another."

"You don't miss anything, do you?

"Nope, not much anyway, so talk to me."

"Okay, I'm meeting her for coffee in the morning."

"Good, I'm glad to hear that. She a good woman Brad, just that she's saddled with that asshole she has for a husband."

"Why is he an asshole?"

"He likes to take out his problems on her. I can't tell you the number of times I've see her black and blue. He even broke two of her fingers once and each time she tells me she tripped, or fell or walked into something. Personally, I'd like to shoot the motherfucker."

"Why didn't you tell me before you introduced us?"

"I wanted to see if there was going to be anything happening between you two first and my guess was right."

"Are you playing matchmaker?"

"Let's just say that I think you two would be good for each other."

"Thanks for the info Janice, I'm going to take a shower then hit the sack, been a long day."

"Okay Brad, hope it all goes well in the morning, night."

"Night girl."

Brad strips and showers then hops into bed, rolling to his side he set the alarm for 7AM, then went to sleep for the night.

He woke to the sound of his digital alarm clock and hit the snooze button, not wanting to open his eyes just yet. Then he remembered he was meeting Katie for coffee. Jumping out of the bed, he went into the bathroom and did his daily morning routine. He put on a nice clean pair of Wranglers, black and a T-shirt. After he put his socks on he jammed his feet into his boots and went to the kitchen, it was 7:30 AM. 

It took Brad twenty minutes to walk to Starbucks, and he waited by the front for Katie to arrive. Right at 8AM, Brad watched a blue Chevrolet pick-up enter the lot and pull into a parking space.

When Katie stepped out, his eyes took in her beauty. At five foot five inches, she was a stunning woman. She wore cotton shorts, a light blue, with a sleeveless button down shirt that matched. Her legs were finely shaped and he just adored looking at her. 

"Good morning Katie, thank you for coming, he said as he reached out to shake her hand.

"Morning Brad, she said as she extended her hand to him."

Brad noticed an ace bandage on her wrist, but didn't say anything, as he turned and opened the door for her. Inside they placed their orders and went to a table.

Once seated, Brad said, "You look quite nice this morning."

Katie blushed a little and said, "Thank you, it's nice to hear that once in a while."

"I'm not saying it, just to be nice, I really mean it."

"Brad, what are we doing here? I don't know why I agreed to come here, I shouldn't have."

"I'm not sure why you're here Katie, but I'm here now, with you, because that's where I want to be."

Looking into his eyes as he spoke, almost made her cry. "Brad you have no idea what my husband would do if he saw us together."

Without thinking before he opened his mouth, Brad said, "Well I know he won't come after me, but I would worry about you."

"What do you mean?"

Brad reached for her arm and brought it towards him and looked right at the bandage and said, "You didn't have this the other day."

"That's nothing, I tripped over a throw rug and landed wrong on my hand, that's all."

"Please Katie, do me a favor and know that you don't ever have to lie about anything to me."

Katie was starting to get upset, who the hell was this man to say that she was lying? Maybe I am, but how does he know? That dam Janice, he's been talking to her.

"Listen Brad, there's not a thing you can do anyway, so just let it be, okay?"

Katie started to cry and said, "Now look what you've done."

"I'm sorry Katie, seeing you cry was the last thing I would ever want to happen. Look at me girl and answer a question for me. On the day Janice introduced us, I stared at you the entire time and you know it, because you kept looking at me too. I felt something inside and I have the strangest feeling you felt something also, did you?"

"Brad, you couldn't begin to understand what I was thinking, but it was senseless and we should both realize it."

"At least you didn't say that you hadn't felt something."

"He'll never let me leave, he'd rather I was dead instead."

"But, do you love him Katie? Can you leave him?"

"I have no where to go Brad. What would I do?"

"What would you say, if I told you that I could make sure that no harm came to you? That you'd never want for anything as long as you lived?"

"You're a writer Brad. You barely make it from week to week and you can promise that to me, how? "I can promise that, but I'd have to show you instead of telling you, if that's okay? Can you take me somewhere?"

"Yes, I can take you."

They got up and went to Katie's truck and Brad told her to drive to the Camden Arms. Katie turned to look at him and said, "Camden Arms?"

"Yes Katie, Camden Arms."

The ride was short and Katie pulled up in front of the building. A valet came and took her keys and she walked to the steps with Brad with a stunned look on her face. 

The door swung open and Henry said, "Back already Mr. Bolton!"

"Yes Henry! This is Katie, from now on you see to he comforts around here, okay?"

"That, Mr. Bolton, would be my pleasure."

Brad took a more stunned Katie by the elbow and lead her to the elevator and he used his key. The doors closed and Katie just stared at him, gulping her breaths.

When the doors opened, Katie's eyes took in the magnificence of the penthouse and looking at Brad, she fainted.

Brad picked her up and carried her to a sofa and went to get a wet towel. By the time he returned, she was coming to, so he laid the towel on her forehead and said, "Is this a little much to swallow?"

"But brad, I was under the impression that you lived in a one bedroom apartment."

"Yes, I do have a one bedroom apartment, but I am rarely there, I prefer this place."

Sitting up, Katie looked around more. Standing, she walked from room to room, not saying a word, with Brad following her. In the kitchen, Katie marveled at everything and she turned to Brad and said, "I don't know if I could get use to all of this."

"Does that mean you'll stay with me? I know I have a lot of explaining to do, but I just need to know that you'll stay."

Seeing the love in his eyes and the sincerity in his voice, Katie said, "Yes Brad, I'll stay," as she walked into his arms and kissed him.

When they broke the kiss, Brad said, "There's still one more room you haven't seen," as he took her hand and walked her down a short hall and opened a door.

Katie looked into the room and brought her hands to her mouth as her eyes widened. In front of her was a huge round bed, covered in a powder blue silk sheets, with more pillows then she ever saw. One wall was two foot wide slats of mirrors and while she looked at it, he walked over to the wall and opened it up to reveal a walk-in closet the size of her living room at home. Half the closet was empty and Brad pointed at it and said, "That half is yours."

Katie stood there and tears started to roll down her cheeks. Can this be really happening to me? 

Brad came to here and said, "I hope those are tears of happiness?"

"I'm so overwhelmed at all of this, pinch me so I know I'm not dreaming."

"Katie, my sweet, sweet lady. It's as real as you want to make it."

"Looking into Brad's face, she says, "But how can you afford something like this with the money you make?"

Brad brought her back to the living room, sat her down and told her his story. He did leave out the amount of money, saying that he would live very comfortably for the rest of his life. Katie was visibly shaken by all of this and her mind was wondering if it could really happen for her.

When her mind finally settled on what she wanted to do, she said, " I don't have any clothes, nothing at all with me."

"Then it looks like we need to go shopping then doesn't it?"

"Oh Brad, really, for clothes and everything?"

"Anything you want, come on, let's raid the stores."

He took her by the hand and lead her to the elevator and before the doors opened, he kissed her and held her to him until the elevator arrived.

The rest of the morning and a major portion of the afternoon was spent going from one store to another. Katie was like a child let loose in a candy factory. She kept asking if this was okay, or if that was okay and he told her finally to stop asking or they'll stop shopping, with a smile on his face.

At every store, Brad had them deliver the packages to the Camden Arms, so Katie didn't think about the number of packages that would be waiting on her when she returned to the penthouse. Not having to carry anything, she shopped like she never would again..

Nothing pleased Brad more than to see her with a smile on her face, to see her happy. No matter what the cost, it was cheap for what he was getting.

Returning to the Camden Arms with a few packages from the last store they were in, Katie was walking on a cloud. At the entrance, Henry opened the door and said, "Afternoon Mr. Bolton, Miss. Katie," tipping his hat.

Brad returned with, "Afternoon Henry, have the packages arrived?"

With a gleeful smile Henry said, All day long sir, all day long."

Laughing, Brad turned and went to the elevator where Katie was waiting. When the doors opened, Katie squealed, "Oh my God, did I buy all of this?" There was boxes piled ten high in some spots and if they were to count them, there was 73 in total, not counting the one's they carried in themselves.

Looking at Katie, Brad said, looks like you have some unpacking to do, I'll fix us a drink, okay?"

"Yes, I could use one right now."

When Brad returned with a nice chilled white wine, Katie was inside the closet hanging a dress. Handing her the wine, he said, "Come sit down for a bit, we've got plenty of time for this later."

Sitting on the edge of the bed, Katie sipped her wine and enjoyed the taste as it flowed down her throat. Looking around the bedroom, she noticed the clock and the time that was flashing on it.

"I need to make a call Brad, I have to tell him I'm not coming back and I know he's going to raise hell."

"Do you want me to leave or stay while you talk to him?"

"Stay, please, I need you by my side right now."

Picking up the phone, she dialed her home number, after three rings a male voice answered, "Hello."

"Phil, it's Kate."

"Where the hell are you? The dam dishes are still in the sink from last night and it looks as if you haven't been here all day."

"I'm not coming home Phil, so you can bitch, holler and scream all you want. I won't be there to listen to it anymore."

"What the fuck you talking about?"

"You'll have divorce papers by next week, and your not going to change my mind." "Well miss smarty pants, what makes you think I'll give you a divorce?"

"I'm not asking Phil, this time I'm telling you and you know what?"

"What?"

"Fuck off," she yelled as she set the receiver back in the holder.

Brad looked at her, grinning and said, "Remind me never to get on your bad side."

Katie leaned towards him and kissed his lips and said, "Know any good lawyers?"

Brad laughed and pulled her up and said, "Come on, you've rested long enough, let's put all these clothes up."

While the boxes were unpacked, they talked about lawyers, a maid and a cook. She had agreed to let Brad get the lawyers for her, but no maid or cook. She had shyly told him that she didn't want anyone around the penthouse other than him. There was a lot of kissing as they continued to pass by one another.

Katie's mind was reeling with happiness. She was thankful that she had never had any children, because she knew that she wouldn't be here now. She'd would have had to wait until they were grown and understood why she would divorce Phil.

Brad himself was walking about two feet off the ground. He knew when he met Katie, that he would love her. He wouldn't be able to explain it to anyone in words. The feeling came from inside and it was just there. Right from the start Brad knew that if he could just hold on for however long it took, she'd be with him and now that was all coming true.

Both of them were thinking of the evening to come, the fact that they would be in bed together. Knowing that they would be making love to one another, made every little touch during the day that much more enticing. Will they be good together? Would they like the same things? Time would tell, but neither even remotely thought that it wouldn't be wonderful.

After a nice meal at a local diner, they walked in the park and then headed back home. Once inside, Katie said, "I'm going to take a nice long bath, you go watch TV for a while."

Brad headed to the living room and Katie to the bedroom. Once in there, she opened the closet and pulled down a box she had put aside earlier. Inside was a coral colored, lace trimmed silk boudoir gown. It had sheer georgette sides and a front tie. Looking at the shoe rack, she picked out a pair of black glamour girl lace slippers that had four inch enamel-plated heals.

Walking to the bed, she set the slippers down and held the gown out to look at it. She had never worn anything this sexy and she giggled at herself for feeling so naughty. Taking the gown and slippers, she went into the bathroom and ran the water in the oversized tub. Looking for something, she found a bottle of Jasmine scented bubble bath and poured some into the water. Stripping her clothing, she felt the water with her toe and then slid in and felt so relaxed, just lying there. While she laid there, she looked around and noticed a switch just above her head to the left. "Now what's that for?"

She didn't see where or what the switch went to, so she reached up and flipped it on. Jet streams of water started rushing over her body. It was a spa tub and she had not realized it. This felt even better so she closed her eyes and just let the water do its thing to her body.

Soon, she felt something brushing her chin and had though that Brad had snuck in unnoticed. But that wasn't it, when she opened her eyes, the bubbles had increased in the tub, due to all the movement of the water and they were starting to spill over the side of the tub. Reaching up, she shut the jets off and started to laugh at herself for doing such a silly thing.

Brad in the meantime had snuck back into the bedroom, found some pajama pants and headed for the guest room. He was showering while she bathed. He had finished and was sitting on the couch while she soaked in the tub.

The water drained as she wiped herself down with a large fluffy towel, then she slid the gown over her head and tied the front tie closed. Stepping into the slippers, she went to the mirror and looked at herself in the gown.

Her breast were not large, but they were a nice round shape with thick nipples that were pressing against the material. Brushing her strawberry blond hair, she let it fall straight down past her shoulders. Her black eyes were piercing to look at. She was ready, moving her hands down over the gown, getting the little wrinkles out, she opened the door and headed for the living room.

Sitting on an oversized couch, Brad watched Katie as she walked in and sat next to him. He handed her a glass of white wine and said, "You are such a beautiful lady"

"Thank you Brad, but I'm nervous too, as you can tell by the shaking of my glass. Today has been like a dream come true for me. I'm afraid I'll wake up and find out it has all been a dream and I'm back at with Phil."

Putting his arm around her shoulder, Brad drew her to him and her head rested on his chest. "You'll never have to go back to him, my lawyers will handle it all for you. I want you here, today and always," he said.

Katie set her glass on the coffee table and turned so she was just about lying in his lap, looking into his face. No words needed to be spoken, as she brought his face to hers and kissed him.

Their lips parted and each sought out the others tongue. Moans escaped both of them, as Brad placed his hand on her stomach, not sure if he should attempt to hold her breasts in his hands. She felt him hesitate and took his hand in hers and moved it to cup her breast. Keeping her hand on his, she guided him over her and for the first time in a very long time, she was going to enjoy being made love to.
