 Finally done, I walk into the bathroom and get a washrag damp and come out and wipe you down, cleaning your body, and mine. I place the rag back into the bathroom and find you lying on the bed, arms open ready to accept me. I lay down next to you, my back towards you, as you wrap your arms around me and hold me close. "That was amazing my love," you tell me, brushing my hair out of my face and laying a kiss on my cheek. I turn to look into your eyes and lay there looking at you, amazed at all the feelings I have for you, running through me. We kiss once again deeply, and I turn back around and get comfortable in your arms. As we drift off to sleep, I whisper back to you, "Goodnight my love." And we spend our first night together. 

Chapter 3

We fell asleep in one another's arms and were well rested for the entire night. I didn't wake up until I felt Frank moving to get up out of bed. I turned over to see him sitting on the edge of the bed and he looked back at me lovingly. "Go back to sleep honey, its not time for you to wake up yet." I complied, not being ready to wake up. 

It must have been about 30 minutes, and I smelled the sweet aroma of coffee from the kitchen and stretched a bit, finding my hands were tied with silk handkerchiefs to the bed posts, "Oh my, what has Frank got in store for me this morning?" I lay there trying to move my body into a sexy position for when my darling walked back into the room, but hadn't realized that he was already there.

Frank had been sitting in a chair in the corner of the room admiring my body, my breasts, and my now wet pussy. I finally felt his presence as I saw his shadow move across the room to come and kneel before me at the end of the bed. I felt a tender kiss on the tip of my toe, then up my shin. He placed soft kisses on my knees and thighs up to the very point where my legs meet with my torso. His tongue slipped out as he traced the line of my hips down to my inner thigh. 

I felt his hot breath at my damp entrance and could feel as his tongue slipped out of his mouth, and slid barely touching me, up to my clit. Again, I felt his hot breath, this time before his lips engulfed me. He sucked my clit deep into his mouth tonguing it and licking at it. I had no warning that he would assault me so, but it was very welcomed. My hips rose to give him better access to my little button and he continued to nibble and suck at it. I felt his right hand massaging my inner thigh, working its way up to my pussy. 

I let out an audible moan and Frank took that as a sign to continue his pleasure attack on me. He plunged two of his fingers into my soaking pussy and began to move them in and out, getting them in deep. My pussy clenched around his cock and I could fill the orgasm building deep inside me. I felt his tongue sliding down to meet his fingers as he pulled them out of me and proceeded to lick up and down my wet slit getting ready to plunge his tongue down in there. 

He was savoring the flavor of my sweet pussy and moaned into me, "My darling's pussy tastes so amazing. Would you like to taste it too?" 

He kissed his way up my lips and I felt my wetness on his chin as he kissed me deep, letting me taste myself on his lips. I wanted to grab him and pull him down on top of me, but my tied hands prevented me from doing this. So I arched my body up towards him, "No, no, no Faye, not yet." 

With that, he moved back down and let his tongue dive into me, parting my pussy lips and entering me as deep as he could. I moaned in ecstasy at his soft touches, and felt his finger join his tongue. He licked me so well, and knew that I was close so he took his face from my pussy and replaced his tongue with two more fingers, just watching me writhe under him, knowing I was completely at his mercy. 

He looked up at me, and smiled, "Does my Babygirl like this?" 

"Ohhh, Daddy yes! You know just what your girl wants, just what she needs!" I smiled back at him, knowing how he liked to be called Daddy sometimes.

He continued to pump his fingers deep inside of me, pulling out and pushing back in. I watched and saw that he was beginning to grow in his pants and could not wait to get to see what he had in store for me next. He leaned back down and placed his tongue back onto my clit and began licking away again, pressing and putting pressure on my nub. I felt as he began to slide his fingers out of my pussy and missed the feeling of having them there, but what I heard next caused me to gush, squirting my pussy onto his chin as he was continuing to lick my clit. 

I heard as he began to unzip himself, he was doing it slowly trying not to let me hear it, and once he felt me cum on his face he knew I could tell what was coming next. Keeping pressure on my clit, I felt him reposition himself as he began to slide his pants down over his hips. He stayed there between my legs and demanded that I cum again, of course already being ready for it, my pussy gushed at his command and he lapped it all up, savoring every scent and every taste. 

"So sweet my precious Faye." 

He kissed his way back up my body stopping to nibble and suckle at my breasts. I felt the warmth of his cock resting on my inner right thigh and felt as the creamy liquid began to seep out, leaking onto me, wishing I could taste his lovely precum. I felt his cock slowly begin to creep up my leg, as he was sucking my breasts deep into his mouth, positioning himself to take me, until he was finally resting it right at the opening to my wanting pussy. 

His mouth paid great attention to my breasts, he licked my areola circling it from the very outside until his tongue reached my nipple flicking it a few times and then gently grazing his teeth against it, applying slight pressure, which gave me much pleasure. He then moved to the other breast and did the same thing with it, and this time as he sucked my nipple into his mouth, I felt him plunge his cock into my pussy in one sweet motion. I screamed out in pleasure as he began to attack my body. I was wracked with pleasure, moving under him trying relentlessly to wrap my tied arms around him. He knew I wanted to hold him, but refused to let me, and I felt him slide his thick cock out of my pussy as he crawled up my body straddling my stomach.

His cock was pointing at my mouth and I opened it reaching my head up to suck his cock in, and again he told me, "No, no, no, not yet Faye."

I felt as his hands started massaging my breasts, pushing them together, squeezing them, and he came down to lick as he pressed the together, allowing him to suck both my nipples into his mouth simultaneously. He sat back up, looking me in the eyes, as he spread my breasts apart and placed his thick, and slick with my juices, cock between them, he then pressed my breasts around his cock, wrapping it tenderly between my large melons. I could see the tip sticking out, pointing at my face and wished I could let my tongue slide around it. 

Frank began to push and pull his cock between my breasts, letting me see as he would poke the tip back out from between them, and then away it would go again. I could tell he was enjoying the site, as his head would fall backwards with his mouth dropped open, moaning to me. He told me how beautiful his cock looked sliding between Jenna and Jade, and I could do nothing but agree with him, it did look amazing! I stuck my tongue out to catch his cock as he slid in and out and finally he let me have it.

He held himself between my breasts, squeezing my nipples, pinching them gently as he watched my tongue work its magic around the tip of his cock. I swirled it around the head and flicked back and forth, taking just the tip, just what he would give me into my mouth and sucking on it. Frank released my breasts and gave me greater access to his cock as he began to move it in my mouth trying to get deeper, until I could feel his balls against my lips. I could taste my pussy still on his cock and reached my tongue out to lick his balls as he was buried deep in my throat. I felt his body tense and his fingers returned to my breasts squeezing them hard, making me moan around his cock as I squirted and came hard with him in my mouth. I felt him spurt down in the back of my throat and he pulled out in time to let a shot fall across my face. I held my mouth open for him as he continued to cum on me, my face covered. He leaned over me and let me lick the remaining cum off his hot cock and I felt as the ties were released and my hands were freed, I reached up to grab his balls and squeeze the remaining drops of cum from him, wanting ever last drop.

He kissed me as he rolled off of me, and headed towards the shower. 

"Join me for a quick rinse?"

I got up out of bed and followed my lover into the shower to get ready for the rest of the day we had to spend together.

"Sounds lovely Frank." 

(to be continued)