 Rahj and Ramshmi are a lovely couple in their late 30's. Their house is in a big community with a lot of other families. They are a warm and entertaining couple and goes without saying, they have a large social circle. 

Coming to there their intimate life, they have a satisfying intimate life. They are both open-minded and open to changing needs of each other. They have been monogamous to each other but often fantasise about other men and women. They are open enough sharing their fantasies with each other. However, none of them have strayed and cheated on each other. 

They have Apryta and Rahyap as their neighbours who are equally warm. Both the families had a nice relationship going with each other. They had regular potlucks, dinners and frequented at each other's places. Apryta is around 35 years of age, nice and homely lady. She has decent 34B breasts and an average body. 

It was a rainy and thunderstorm day and Rahyap was out of town for a few days for office work. Apryta was feeling a bit scared and ask Ramshmi if she can sleep at her place and if Rahj will be okay with it. Ramshmi told her yes and jokingly said Rahj would be over the moon. They both laughed and continued with their daily chores. 

Apryta came to their house after dinner. They had a nice chat for some time and then all of them retired to rooms. Rahj and Ramshmi slept in one room, while Apryta was sleeping in a different room. Around midnight Rahj woke up to have a glass of water and was going toward the kitchen. As he reached the living room, he saw Apryta sitting on the dining table chair talking on the phone. She had her feet on the chair and had them spread a bit wide. Her hand was inside her pajamas while she was talking on the phone is a very low volume. Rahj figured out she was talking to her husband Rahyap and they were sex talking. He stood there for a while, not knowing what to do. He went inside his room and kept thinking. Ramshmi was sleeping. He couldn't think of anything but Apryta right now. He gathered some courage and went out of the room. 

He slowly stood behind Apryta's chair. Apryta was busy talking on the phone and had her eyes closed, while one hand of hers was inside her pajamas. He softly covered Apryta's mouth from behind, so that she is not startled and lifted her head up to show her that it was him. While he tilted her head up he asked her to keep quiet by showing his fingers on the lips. She nodded and then he let his hand go off her mouth. He then started gently massaging her shoulders while she continued to talk on the phone. While massaging her on the shoulder, he gently asked her by whispering in her ear, if she was talking to her husband and if they were having phone sex. She nodded in yes. He continued to massage her shoulder and slowly moved to caress her breasts from over her top. He continued to do so for a few minutes and then moved to remove her top. She was not wearing any bra. Apryta gave him a hint by asking her husband on phone to suck her nipple. He took the hint and moved in front and slowly starting sucking on her nipples. He took her nipples inside her mouth and played around with nipples with his tongue. Apryta' was holding the phone in one hand and her other hand was holding Rahj's head while he sucked her nipples. 

Apryta continued to talk on the phone as Rahj continued to suck on her nipple. Apryta's husband on phone was enjoying ignorant of the fact that Apryta was having fun in reality. Rahj continued to suck on her nipples and slowly moved his hands to remove her pajamas. He slowly started moving his hands over her panties while still sucking on her nipples. Apryta was enjoying all this and sharing with her husband whatever was happening and asking her husband to imagine him doing all this to her. Suddenly she moved his head away from nipples and got up. She hinted Rahj to remove his clothes. Rahj started removing her clothes. Meanwhile, she went inside and came back quickly with her headphones. She plugged headphones to her phone and put her phone down on the table. She made Rahj sit on the chair and hinted him to be quiet. 

She then removed her panties and stuffed it into Rahj's mouth. She then slowly took his dick in her mouth and started giving him a slow blowjob while making light moaning noises which her husband could hear. After a while, she mounted on his hard dick and started moving up and down slowly, gradually increasing the speed. She would moan lightly and take her husbands name while she moved up and down on Rahj's dick. Rahj pulled out panties from his mouth and started sucking on her nipples. She was really enjoying Rahj's dick inside her, while Rahj sucked her nipples as she talked to her husband who was unaware of what was going on in reality. After a short while, both Rahj and Apryta came strongly. Apryta picked her clothes up and went to her room while Rahj came back to his room satisfied and relieved.

The next morning...(maybe next edition :)) (fictional names only)