 Surprisingly, my head was in my work. The only reminder I had of what had happened the previous day - getting blown then subsequently blackmailed by a new girl from HR - was the meeting invite waiting in my inbox when I got to work Wednesday morning. Well, that and the hard on I got every time her face drifted into my mind. I had to strategically carry notebooks to every meeting because I didn't know when her face would appear.

Despite that, I was actually getting a lot of work done and didn't realize the time. The cleaning crew vacuuming alerted me that it was at least 7:00. I got up to stretch my legs. At 5'10", I couldn't see into everyone's cube but I did notice a light on across the aisle. 

Marketing. Ever since they moved in, they were the biggest distraction to me and my team - even more than Erin and the memory of her blowjob. There were no less than six gorgeous girls working in marketing, each one as sexy as the next, each enticing in her own way. Want a blond? Got it. Curvy? Check. Petite tom boy? Yessir. Keeping in mind Erin's directive - write what you know - I decided to explore who was working this late on their side of the aisle.

I grabbed my cup and headed to the break room. As I passed the lone occupied cube, I saw it was Robin. Ah yes, the red head. She was one of my favorites - tall, at least my height, she had long red hair that went down to the middle of her back. She had a habit of wearing knee high leather boots and tight sweaters.

I only saw the back of her head as I walked to the break room. I put my cup under the faucet and started to really think about Erin's assignment. I wasn't dating anyone, but I also wasn't celibate...that said, how could I find something to write about every two weeks that wasn't a solo act? And I started to think about Robin. There is just something about red heads...and damn, could she fill out a sweater.

"Ahem...?" I looked up and there she was in the flesh. Then I realized I had been filling up my cup of water for about two minutes and it was just overflowing into the sink at this point.

"Ha, I guess my mind was elsewhere!" I said, laughing and turning off the water.

"I guess so" she said with a smirk. When I looked up though, she wasn't looking at the sink. Her eyes were pointed somewhere near my waist - somewhere in the vicinity of my apparent erection. I was so used to covering up my hard on today I didn't even notice I was getting one...great, this would be awkward.

"Uh, sorry about that," I said, awkwardly turning toward the sink and trying to adjust. "I guess I was day dreaming."

"More like night dreaming, we're here so late!" Robin said with a laugh as she opened the fridge. I took the moment to finish tucking my dick behind my belt - a technique I had perfected today - and turned back to Robin. She was reaching deep in the fridge and that only helped accentuate her plump ass. She was wearing a gray skirt and those trademark knee high leather boots. Today was the warmest of the year so far, so Robin had traded in her sweater for a short sleeved button up shirt. Her ass wiggled around as she tried to find something in the back of the fridge.

She started to laugh as she backed out of the fridge, closed the door, and turned around. "I guess I'm not helping your day dreaming by sticking my ass out and shaking it like some stripper!" We both erupted in laughter.

"Anything worthwhile in the fridge?" I asked, sitting on the edge of the counter.

"No, not unless you're adventurous - " and she looked at me with that same smirk - "and by that I mean, willing to eat month old leftovers."

"Not THAT adventurous!" I said with another laugh. "If you're sticking around, want to split a pizza? We can camp out in the conference room."

"Sure!" she said with a smile, and turned around to walk back to her desk.

"See you in half an hour," I said. I placed my order when I got back to my desk, and I realized I had an unopened 12 pack of Heineken bottles from my team for my birthday last month, so I ran that to the fridge to chill. By the time the pizza came, Robin and I were set up in the conference room with a couple cold beers. We had some idle chit chat but then both got down to work. It was probably 9:30 or so when I grabbed the last beer. In front of me were only two empty bottles, so that meant Robin was six beers ahead of me. I pushed my chair away from the table and stretched, giving me a chance to check her out. She didn't look any worse for the wear, especially nine beers in. I pulled my Blackberry out of my pocket and set it down on the table, double checking the time. Robin looked up from her computer and shook her head.

"You guys and your Blackberries - always attached at the hip!"

"Who exactly are 'you guys' - and so what?" I laughed. "I couldn't live without it, no shame in that!"

"Oh yeah?" another mischievous smirk. The 2+ beers must have dulled my reaction time, because I should have seen it coming when she reached across the table and grabbed my phone. "Let's see how much it means to you!" she said as she quickly stood up and ran out of the room.

"Ha ha, very funny!" I yelled as I chased her out. She was quick, already half way down the hall. I had to sprint to get close enough to see her take a right turn down another hall way. 

When I made the turn, she was nowhere to be seen. I thought I heard something on the left, so I entered a dark room. When I flipped the light on, Robin jumped out from behind the door and pushed me toward a chair. This was one of the rooms where people could make private phone calls and the like, so there was only a reclining chair and no other furniture in the room. I managed to twist myself around and landed seated in the chair. Robin slammed the door and we were both laughing.

"I thought for sure I could hide in here!" she said, still laughing hard as she leaned against the door. "Come here often?"

"Oh yes - I've taken my share of afternoon naps here!" I said, which was true - it was really convenient with the reclining chair and an automatically locking door.

"So you've spent some time in here...daydreaming?" she smirked at me, now arching her back a little against the door, her leather clad foot running up the door till her knee was bent. She ran her gaze from my eyes to my crotch, which was starting to look much the same as when she caught me daydreaming earlier.

I gulped. "Very funny - now give me back my Blackberry and no one gets hurt," I said, trying to lighten the moment.

"I don't think you're in a position to bargain, now, are you?" she said seductively, pushing off the door and walking toward me. I started to appreciate Robin as she slowly walked over - the eight inches of skin between the tops of her boots and the bottom of her skirt was milky white, the top few buttons of her pink shirt were unbuttoned showing ample cleavage...38C at least if I had to guess - but I had the feeling I wouldn't be needing to guess. I leaned forward on the edge of the chair, trying to get as close as possible.

Robin got within arms reach and pushed me back in the chair. "Let's see what your daydreaming can come up with," she whispered as she leaned over me. Robin's knees slid next to my thighs as she straddled me atop the chair. She sat back, her ass on my lap. She wore that same smirk as she reached up and unbuttoned her shirt. Her huge tits were topped by equally large nipples, both extremely hard at this point. It took me a second but then it hit me - those mammoth breasts, and no bra?! My eye must have gotten wider because she chuckled. "Impressed? And they're all mine - no work done, just good genes." And with that she picked up her left breast with both hands - she couldn't have done it with one hand if she tried - and sucked her engorged nipple into her mouth.

"Mmmm..." she moaned as I sat there admiring her. "Am I going to have to do all the work here?" she asked with a mouthful of tit. I didn't need any more hints - I reached out to caress her right breast, tweaking the nipple in my fingers and pulling it away. She liked this, as she started to grind her ass into my knee and her other nipple fell out of her mouth. "Oooh, yeah, you're not so dense after all," she cooed, throwing her head back and supporting herself with her hands on my knees, raising her ass up. My reply was to bite her nipple hard while I grabbed her other boob, my thumb rubbing her nipple in circles. A sharp intake of breath told me that was a surprise - good, she had been doing all the surprising, now it was my turn.

In one motion, her tit still in my mouth, I stood up and carried her over to the wall. As I pinned her up against the wall, only my pressure holding her up, I let her breast pop free of my mouth and I looked her in the eyes. I took in her beautiful green eyes and deep red hair, then kissed her, hard, as my hands roamed her hips and up her sides, intertwining with her hands as she managed to pull the shirt up over my head and toss it aside. I got a hold of both of her hands and pinned them above her head. Robin responded by wrapping her long legs around my waist and pulling me into her. Holding her at the wrists with one hand, I used my free hand to unbuckle my belt. I managed to keep my balance and still kick off my pants. I planted my feet wide, letting her ass rest against my thighs and the wall, but I needed both hands to pull her skirt up. When I let go of her wrists, she immediately pulled my face into hers again, and our deep, passionate kiss took all of my attention for - I don't know, seconds, minutes - a while. 

Her tongue let up for a moment as she arched her back back, and I resumed pulling her skirt up around her waist. She was wearing a matching bra and panty set - that is to say, she wasn't wearing either. I looked into her eyes again and saw that smirk. Her smirk turned into a sharp intake of breath and her eyes got wide when I slammed my full 7+ inches deep into her. I held her there against the wall for a second, waiting for her smirk to come back. When it did, I pulled almost completely out, then slid the full length deep into her again. The smirk didn't go away this time. I pumped deep into her, long, slow, steady strokes, our eyes never wavering, her smirk never budging. After a couple dozen long strokes, she asked, "Is that all you've got?" This girl was determined to get under my skin! In response, I gave her one last long thrust, grabbed her ass cheeks in my hands, and turned us both around. I carried her, still impaled on my cock, the few feet to the chair and eased us down, me on top of her. This time it was her turn to say "Impressive" - but I wasn't done yet. Doing my best impression of her smirk, I grabbed one leg, then the other, and put her feet over my shoulders. Holding onto the arms of the chair, I braced myself, then plunged my cock deep into her. This new angle opened up a little more of her pussy, and she noticed as I bottomed out. 

"Gahhhhhd!" she screamed. I had a smirk of my own now, watching her being reduced to babbling. I pulled out and thrust back in, not quite all the way in this time, and started a quick pace. Robin looked down to watch my thick cock pulling her pussy lips out then disappearing deep into her, over and over again. After a few minutes of this she regained enough of her composure to return her smirk. Staring at me, she pulled her nipple up to her mouth and snaked out her tongue, circling her hard nipple and sucking it in, all the while smirking and keeping eye contact. This was too much for me, and she knew it would be. I quickened the pace, and she reached down to grab my ass, encouraging me to get as deep as possible. My groans grew louder as her moans bubbled up. We locked eyes again and it sent me over the edge. Her fingers dug into my ass as I erupted deep inside of her. I could feel her pussy start to spasm right before I came, and we both urged my cock deeper inside of her as our bodies shook. We held that pose for a few seconds, letting the waves of our orgasms wash away. Then I realized I had basically been holding myself up for the last ten minutes by my arms, and my arms realized it too, a second later, as my biceps seized up and I fell back on the floor. I landed on my ass with a thud, and we both again started to laugh. We must have been a sight - topless, leather boot wearing redhead, skirt around waist, with a naked guy sprawled out on the floor. Robin stood up - her legs shaky, but in better shape than my arms - and gave me a hand standing up.

As we got our clothes back on, she laughed to herself. "You're my mushroom!" she announced as we opened the door.

"Okay, I'll bite - what the hell are you talking about?"

"Oh come on, you know - you're my FUN GUY - fungi? Mushroom, get it?" And then that smirk.

"Robin..." I started, as serious as possible, serious enough to make her stop in her tracks and make the smirk disappear.

"What - what is it?" she asked worriedly.

"Robin..." I repeated. "That was...the single...worst...joke ever." And my smirk made her burst out laughing.

She was right of course - sure, the fuck was incredible, but the whole night had been fun.

I walked Robin to her car after she packed up. 

"Wow, superstar," she said to me, "still working even this late?"

"Yeah," I said, closing the door after her and leaning in through her window, "I took on a new project yesterday and I've got a lot of work to do to stay on top of it!"

"Well...see you around...Mushroom..." And with a smirk, she drove off.