 The last two weeks had gone by quickly. When I first got my assignment from Erin I thought I would have a tough time not only writing a new erotic story for her every two weeks, but living them too. My first assignment was easy, though, as I ended up fucking Robin the very next night.

Robin and I had gotten together a couple more times - more conventional moments, ones not fueled by beer and sex at work - but I had only written about the first one. I sent it out to Erin's personal email on Monday night. That was last night, as the snow was falling. When I woke up Tuesday morning and looked out my window, the snow was still coming down and didn't look like it would stop. The news ticker told the story - it would have been easier to mention the schools that were open instead of the closed ones. But with my four wheel drive truck, I was actually looking forward to the day. The roads would be clear of traffic, even if they weren't cleared yet of snow. The office would be quiet - last time this happened, less than ten cars were in the lot. And to think, only two weeks ago, it was nice enough out for Robin to skip her sweater...the thought of Robin and her shirt - and then Robin without her shirt - quickly floated away when my phone rang.

I didn't recognize the number - "Hello?"

"Hi, it's Erin!" She sounded cheerful - I guess the story was to her liking.

"Hey, good morning, what's up?" It was kind of weird to be talking to this girl who was so intent to blackmail me, but also blew me...I realized it was best not to think about it and ignore it outside of our Tuesday meetings. 

Tuesday! Damn, it was today. "I guess we have to reschedule our meeting, huh."

"Actually..." she said, trailing off - and I could easily visualize her biting her lip - "I was wondering if you could give me a ride. There is no way my car can make it in this snow, but I figured your truck wouldn't have any trouble...what do you say?" 

"Sure, I was actually just on my way out the door, so I can be there in...actually I have no idea where you live!" I laughed.

"Oh yeah that might help!" she laughed back. "I am on Elm and 3rd, do you know where that is?"

"Elm, like, Elm Street, a block from Randolph?" 

"Yes, exactly!"

"That is right down the street from me! Are you ready, I can be over in five minutes."

"Sure, mine will be the house surrounded by snow...and with me on the porch!"

I pulled out of the driveway and was at Erin's house in three minutes. To think, she was just a street away! Erin just popped out of her front door as I slid to a stop in front of her house. 

She was wearing a long black wool coat that ended past the tops of her fluffy white boots. Add in her black framed glasses and she was looking cute as always. She threw her bag over the seat and pulled herself up.

"Damn it's cold out there!" she shivered. "Thanks for the ride - I thought that going in on days like this would be good to get some work done since there wouldn't be any distractions!"

"My sentiments exactly! You're pretty astute for someone just out of school!"

She looked at me with her furrowed brow, biting her lip - that look made my cock twitch - and said "What about my pretty ass...?" We both laughed and settled in for the drive.

I thought my four wheel drive would help, and it did, but the going was still extremely slow as I couldn't go much more than 30 miles an hour. At least there were no other cars on the road. Erin and I didn't talk much, the radio playing a little in the background as she looked out the window and occasionally flipped through papers.

"So are they giving you a lot to do your first month on the job?" I asked.

"Enough to keep me busy!" she replied. "I have to take work home to make sure I stay on top. I like to prepare for my meetings..." and she trailed off, looking at the papers in her lap and biting her lip again.

"Something important?" I asked idly, paying more attention to the road so I didn't slip into a ditch or hit a guard rail.

"Well something is troubling me about my 4:00, that's all..." and even without looking I could tell she was biting her lip. It took me a second to remember that our meeting was the one at 4.

"What is troubling you? Were the...umm...pre-requisites not met?"

"Oh no, that isn't it - perfectly done, actually, quite enjoyable - but you sent this in late last night. If you really are going to succeed, you have to take this seriously and not wait till the last minute."

"Oh is that all?" I asked with a laugh. "Well I could have sent this in last Wednesday if I knew that mattered!"

"Oh really..." and the furrowed brow again. "I guess I should make the assignments harder then..." she said to herself. I laughed, but I could tell she was thinking of something. Then she turned to face me in her seat. "Did you enjoy your...assignment?"

"Well, yeah, of course," I said, but didn't like where this was going. I should have known to expect the unexpected from Erin.

"Good...and I assume enjoyment was mutual?" She was biting her lip again.

"From my perspective, yeah, I didn't see anything to the contrary..." Her brow was furrowed for a moment, then she nodded to herself, seeming to come to some agreement.

"Good..." she said again. She was silent so I looked over, and we locked eyes. She smiled - that huge, bright smile, the one I last saw around my cock - and while she smiled, started to unbutton her long wool coat. I had to look back at the road, but when I looked back at Erin she was still sitting facing me, but wearing nothing but her fluffy white boots, her coat in a pool around her on her seat. "I didn't know you'd get to my house so soon, I wasn't quite ready but didn't want to keep you waiting..." Again the coy lip bite. I had to pull my gaze away from her body back to the road. Didn't matter - the sight was burned into my memory. Her body, hidden before in our last meeting, was breathtaking - her skin was creamy white from head to toe, the only exception being her lips and smallish areola and nipples, all a matching pink. Her breasts were perfectly cute - probably 34B, perfect for her small frame. Her legs were smooth and folded next to her seat. I stole another glance back at Erin, and she was smiling coyly still. "Hope I don't distract you too much, but I wanted to thank you for your work. It deserves something...extra."

With that she slid herself closer to me on the bench seat. Her petite hand unzipped my coat and in one smooth motion snaked itself into the front of my pants. "Ooh..." she cooed as she found my cock hard and bursting. "I think we need to do something about that." Erin deftly unbuckled my belt. I pushed my ass up so she could slide my pants down - I had learned, from Erin first and then Robin, not to bother with underwear at work anymore - and my cock was free. She moved her head down as she lightly stroked me. I could feel her warm breath close enough to my cock that condensation was forming. I urged my hips up, trying to just get a touch of those sweet lips. Suddenly she bolted upright, gripping my cock more firmly. I was steering my truck into the long winding entrance to the company, and while I was preoccupied Erin took that moment to throw her right leg across my lap.

"Hey!" I exclaimed "I have to see!" I swerved a little but regained what little control I had.

"You better concentrate and not get distracted" she said in her mischievous voice. With her hand reaching behind her and still gripping my cock, she angled it till it was nestled in her soft pubic hair. I hadn't noticed her hair because it was so platinum white - matching the hair on her head, answering that question - but I definitely felt it as she gyrated her ass, running my cock the length of her pussy slit on the outside. The truck slowed to about 5 miles an hour as I couldn't concentrate on anything by the feeling of her silky cunt sliding up and down my cock. Finally she pulled her pelvis far enough up that my cock slipped into place, and the next gyration moved me directly inside of her. She gasped a little but continued her same motion, not stopping till her soft ass cheeks were touching my thighs. Her had slid down from holding my cock and instead kneaded my balls. "Ugghh" I grunted, as she found my weakness. If she kept playing with my balls I wouldn't last a minute. "Oh, is that right?" she smiled. "Don't run into the security gate, by the way."

I managed to slow enough to wave my badge in front of the sensor while Erin remained still, impaled on my cock and slowly rolling my balls in her hand. Finally I slid into a parking spot in the corner of the lot and put the truck into park. I took my hands off the wheel and grabbed Erin's face. I pulled her face into mine and we kissed - hard - our tongues swirling, each trying to gain the advantage. I bit her lower lip softly, pulling it into my mouth. Her soft lips melted in my mouth - no wonder she bit them all the time.

Erin reminded me of her intentions as she squeezed my balls again. I pulled out of our kiss and furrowed my brow at her. Not to be outdone, I reached up and squeezed one of her tits. "Ooh!" she said in mock surprise. "How dare you!" and she rolled my balls in her hand again. "Oh, you'll pay for that!" I said, and bucked my hips up. This caused Erin to slide up the length of my cock and then back down, her ass slapping against my thighs. She had to use both of her hands to steady herself, so she let go of my balls and grabbed my shoulders. Neither of us moved, thinking over our next move as we smiled at each other. Erin decided that she had had enough playing, so she leaned up on her knees, sliding my cock out till only the head was in her pussy, then slammed herself back down again. I held her eye contact as I reached up and grabbed both of her tits. 

With her hands on my shoulders for leverage, Erin picked herself up and slammed herself down on my cock, over and over, each time almost pulling herself off of my cock but not quite, making the stroke as long and as hard as possible. All the while, my thumbs were rubbing circles around her nipples, the tiny nubs getting hard and begging to be licked. I obliged, leaning forward and sucking one nipple entirely into my mouth and flicking with my tongue. This sent Erin over the edge, as she started to ride my cock even faster, not caring to get the longest stroke anymore, just bouncing up and down without abandon. As I switched breasts and sucked her other nipple into my mouth, Erin reach down and pulled on my balls. This did to me what I had done to her, and we were both instantly a blur of bucking hips. It only took a few more seconds before we both came. Erin arched her back, pulling her nipple out of my mouth with a pop as she ground her clit into my pelvis. As she did this, her hand pulled on my balls one last time. "Arrrggggh!" I yelled and grabbed her around her waist. I pulled her down on my cock as hard as possible as my buried dick erupted and filled her up. We both sat there, chests heaving, catching our breath, for at least a few minutes. I started to feel our combined juices flow down my thigh and figured we'd better get into work.

"I think that was a good start for our 4:00 meeting," said Erin as she winked. She was reaching into the back to get her bag and put on the clothes she had brought with her. "I was afraid we weren't on the same page, but this has cleared things up. We should be able to get down to business later this afternoon!"

"Good, I would hate to have an unproductive meeting," I said, but I was still confused. What was this anyway? I shook my head slightly, clearing out that thought - who the hell cared, I was fucking some hot women and there was more to come in the future.

As we entered the building, things seemed to be back to normal - well, what normal people would call normal. "Have a good day!" Erin said with a smile. I waved as she walked down the hall. I wonder if anyone else would notice the cum sliding down her leg? Would they get a meeting scheduled with them too? Ah well - back to work...at least till 4:00.