 "Hey Will! Got a second?"

I was abruptly torn from my deep thoughts about what color I should pick when buying my new car. It always happens to me that I drift off when going through the tedious start up process of logging into my computer. I looked up to see John standing by the entrance of my office. Behind him, half hidden from view, I could see another person, a woman.

"Sure John, what can I do for you?"

"Remember how I told you that our new Human Resources Manager was starting today?"

"Oh yeah, of course."

John motioned to the woman to step into my office. I rose from my chair preparing to introduce myself to the new employee. The woman entering my office was about my age; early thirties. She was blond, had a straight and impressive posture, revealing that she most likely had been a top athlete. Her face was not ordinary, but not really striking either. Her hair was tied into a knot and she was dressed impeccably.

Thinking back to that first encounter I have to really strain my memory to remember anything else apart from the way she seemed instinctively skeptic, almost superior.

"Hi I'm Will." I said as I offered my hand to greet her."

She looked at it as though I was just about to hand her the garbage. Then she took my hand and squeezed it surprisingly firm.

"Susanne Wilcox pleased to meet you."

"Nice to meet you Susanne...Jones."

"Excuse me?"

"I mean that's my last name.....Jones."

"Ah, I see," she said throwing John a glance as if saying "is this really your Public Relations Manager?"

I went through the normal "welcome onboard" routine, noticing that it had never felt so shallow before. I guess pitching a new work place to a Human Resource Manager should be a hard sell. It's kind of like selling a seasoned car sales rep your old Buick. 

A couple of minutes later John and Susanne were out the door to continue the introduction to the other members of our happy staff. I went back to working at my computer, wondering if this new addition to the company was a good or bad thing.

A couple of days later Susanne called me over to her office. I was surprisingly nervous as I knocked on the door. I say that as I almost never get nervous. Throw me in front of a board or a management group and I will steal the show. I heard Susanne call on me to enter. I opened the door and slowly entered. She did not look up from her papers as I stood there waiting for her to tell me why she had called me there. For a time, that seemed far too long, she did not look up. Is she for real, I thought to myself? Finally she looked up, as if she had run out of things to read and might as well look at the poor bastard standing in front of her.

"Well, Will. As you know we immediately need to hire two new guys in accounting. I was wondering if you could please help me write the job ads."

"Perhaps, when do you need them?"

"We need to send them to the newspaper by noon tomorrow in order for them to make the weekend edition."

"You're kidding right?"

"Excuse me?"

"Well, I don't know if you noticed, but I happen to be up to my neck with work preparing for the press conference on Monday." - Susanne seemed to ponder what I just said for a second. Good, she is coming to her senses I thought to myself.

"Who pays you your salary," she said looking at me with a content smile.

"What?"

"Who pays you your salary?"

"What the hell has that got to do with anything?"

"If we don't get these two new guys into accounting pronto, they will not be able to pay out the salaries on time. So now, what's more important to you, your salary or working an extra hour to complete those ads?"

I was shocked. I get along with most everyone, yet with this ice queen the situation had deteriorated faster than a Swiss cheese lying in the sun.

"Fine, give me the profile and you'll have the ads tomorrow morning, but for the record, you owe me."

"Oh please, Will, we're not in high school anymore. This is not a case of 'you help me with my home work and I'll help you with yours'."

Accompanied by her giggles I stormed out of her office, feeling humiliated to let myself be bossed around like that by somebody that had been on the job for less than a week.

The next morning I got into the elevator, and just as the doors were about to shut I heard a voice calling "hold that door". I quickly put out a foot preventing the doors from closing. As they slid open again I saw Susanne standing there.

"Morning Will! Thanks for holding the elevator."

"No problem."

"Do you have the ads for me?"

"They are in your inbox."

"Super, you're a real sport!"

You're a real sport? What cheesy management class had she been to thinking that that would put us back on even footing.

Days passed and we continued our little power struggle. I was extremely frustrated to notice that I seemed to be the only one not getting along with Susanne. I had not experienced that since University when I had sex and then dumped Mary Hasseldorf, the loved-by-all editor of the University paper.

On a Friday about a month and a half into Susanne's employment the office had arranged for Friday beer at the local pub. We had a surprisingly good time spurred on by the amazing sales figures of last month that had just come to our knowledge. Susanne was sitting across the pub chatting to some of the sales staff and John. She was the center of attention and everyone seemed to hang on to her every word. At one point she looked over to me and she quickly winked her eye. I almost choked on the beer I was drinking.

The evening passed and I decided it was time to call it a night as the beer was getting to my tired head. Well out on the street I tried to wave down a taxi. The rain was coming down heavily and I was almost starting to fill sober again in the cold wind. I finally managed to get hold of a cab and just as we were about to drive off the other passenger door was thrown open. Susanne jumped into the dry car escaping the pouring rain.

"Well, look at what the cat dragged in," I said smiling at Susanne.

"So I owe you another one. I'm drunk and would never admit it otherwise, so enjoy it while it lasts."

"Where do you live?"

"Don't get any ideas."

"Ok, we'll just drive around and whenever we happen to come across your apartment you'll let the driver know so that he can let you off. How does that sound?"

"Mmm, yeah, you're right....33 Bell Street, please," she said blushing. A reaction I believed she was not equipped with.

The taxi began driving and for the first minutes we sat in silence. She was looking out her window. It was Susanne who broke the silence.

"When I was a kid my dad used to tell me that rain was god showering the earth cleaning it from all the dirt. I almost gave my parents a heart attack when they, after looking for me for about an hour, found me sitting in a chair on the lawn in the middle of a rainy night. When they asked what I was doing I said I was just letting god shower the dirt off me. After that my dad stopped using symbolic and religious metaphors."

She turned and looked at me. For the first time we laughed together.

The taxi came to a stop in front of her apartment building.

"This is me." 

She opened her purse and pulled out a $20 bill.

"No, Susanne," I said placing my hand on hers, "I got this. You go on inside and get out of those wet clothes. I'll see you in the morning."

Susanne opened the door and then stopped.

"Tell you what, why don't you come on up for a while and we'll smoke the peace pipe. What do you say?"

"Ok, but you'll do the smoking and I'll just lean back."

"Are we still talking about smoking a pipe," she said with a grin.

When we got into her large and tastefully furnished apartment she went into the kitchen to make drinks. I browsed through her CD collection. Not finding any alarming music that would reveal a crazy person I contently leaned back in the comfortable sofa. When Susanne came back out, her hair all wet from the rain and slicked back, I noticed how sexy she looked. She was wearing a black top and tightly fitting stretch jeans. To my surprise she sat down next to me in the couch, as opposed to the arm chair as I would have expected. Susanne must have noticed my reaction.

"What's the matter Will, afraid of me?"

"No, I'm just surprised."

"Surprised about what?"

"I'm surprised to be sitting soaking wet with a drink in my hand in your living room at two o'clock in the morning."

We both laughed at that.

"So what happened, why are we always arguing," she asked.

"Because you are an overly ambitious bitch," I said smiling at her.

"Touché. Or, could it just be sexual tension?

"I think Mother Theresa is sexier than you," I said mocking her.

"Ahh, that's cold," she said acting hurt.

"So if I was to take of this soaking top and bra, you would fall asleep," she continued.

"Oh, most definitely," I lied.

"And if I took of the jeans and soaked panties you would start snoring?"

"I would be having drinks with Mr Sandman at that time."

Susanne leaned over and placed her drink on the side table. She looked deep into my eyes as she began to slowly take of her top. I had never noticed before how large and firm her breast seemed. She then proceeded to unsnap her bra, slowly bringing it down to reveal her tits. They were, in fact, as impressive as they seemed. I did not even pretend not to stare. She then unzipped her fly and began to pull down her jeans revealing her long shapely legs still glistening from the rain. 

She stood up, leaned forward with her back towards me and slowly slid her panties down leaving her ass bare in front of me. Then she sat back down again.

"I don't hear any snoring," she said teasingly.

"You woke up the fellow downstairs and now he's keeping me awake."

"Oh really? How interesting. Should we not let him out to play with us?"

"That's not a bad idea."

With that Susanne unzipped my fly and I pulled down my pants and boxers for her. My erect cock swung out in the open.

"You have more balls than I thought," Susanne said laughing.

"Enough to shut you up anyways."

Susanne giggled before grabbing my cock firmly. "We'll just have to see about that, Will." She began stroking gently and slowly. When I started moaning she leaned forward and licked the tip of my cock. I moaned again and she giggled before stroking faster while lowering her mouth over the bulb shaped head. Her mouth on my cock felt heavenly. 

She stopped for a moment and flicked a public hair out of her mouth. She laid back on the sofa spreading her legs wide and slowly ran her fingers over her lips stopping to play with her clit. She stared at me gauging my reaction.

"Want to taste some of this? I know you have wanted to stick your tongue up here ever since I walked into your office the first time, isn't that so?"

"Yeah baby, spread that pussy wide for me and I'll make up for all that time my tongue has been away from there."

I leaned over and our mouths met in a passionate kiss. I kissed her neck as I begin working my way down to her tits, my tongue circling her hard nipples. Finally I began to lick Susanne's wet pussy, taking in her taste and musky smell. I inserted two fingers into her dripping cunt while exploring her with my tongue. 

Susanne breathing grew rapid as I continued thrusting my finger and tongue into her pussy. 

When she climaxed she grabbed my hand and squeezed with all her might.

"I'm going to fuck that ice queen right out of you now, I said as I placed my cock at the entrance of her slit."

"Mmmm, yes baby, do me hard," Susanne moaned.

I entered Susanne's tight pussy, feeling how warm and soft she was inside. We kissed passionately as I rocked in and out of her. After a while Susanne slid out from under me. She placed herself on all fours.

"Fuck me and spank me for being such a bitch," she said now obviously aroused by the moment and the alcohol.

I entered her from behind and began to slap her firm butt cheeks as I fucked her. I placed my thumb on her asshole as I began to rub it while fucking her. She seemed to like that and she moaned as I inserted the thumb into her tight puckered asshole. She was driving me crazy and I was about to come any second.

"I'm coming now," I shouted.

"Yes baby, fill me up with your cum!"

I came hard and she milked my cock with her pussy enhancing the sensation. We fell down on the couch with me still inside of her, sweaty and exhausted.

"How weird was that," I said after collecting my breath.

"I know."

We began laughing like crazy. That Saturday morning we had breakfast at one in the afternoon. Eating was just not that interesting at that point.