 Beads of sweat rolled over Faye's eyebrows getting into her eyes. Breathing came powerfully and deep, and her toned leg muscles propelled rhythmic movement all the way up her body, into her arms, her hands. She had been dancing for... An hour? Two hours? Well she wasn't sure. Faye hadn't really taken stock of her situation since she'd popped the pill and stepped into the fray. With techno tracks often blending all together as they do, and the nature of MDMA being what it is, Faye could no more have told you how long she'd been raving than who the person freak dancing her from behind was. Maybe it was time to reel on back to reality, just a tad. 

She had a moment of tightening anxiousness. The drug, now having infiltrated to the very roots of her brainstem (she thought, she felt), was working its magic. And it did feel good, but god it was overwhelming. These thoughts crop up now and then when your mind is being blown, she mused. Heartbeat? Yes there it was, she thought, hand over her chest. God it was fast, keeping tempo with the zany beat pumping from the stage's speakers. 140 beats per minute? 150? Then she noticed her shirt was missing. Haha... OK, Faye. Still have my bra, thankfully. Fuck it's hot out tonight. Maybe I'm getting too hot. 

Anxiety swelled in the pit of her stomach, and the music couldn't be helping. The track was becoming strange, was not really music in even a loose sense of the word now. No, this was more of a grainy crunching of glass shards on tile, mixed with echoes of clattering spoons and disharmonized traces of some popular melody. How were you supposed to move to this crap? 

And who was this dancing on her? Grinding into her ass? Faye noticed the hands on her undulating hips, long nails on her skin above the low cut jeans. Probably a chick... But maybe a tranny. I definitely need some water. 

Faye disentangled from the mystery dancer and their two bodies peeled apart like a static cling sticker from glass. Her partner's bare ample breasts (definitely a chick) came unstuck from Faye's back. Faye turned to look at the woman; at least she had little yellow and white daisy pasties on. Wow, this crowd is going crazy. 

From behind her: "Bye babe... Come find me when you're runnin on E!" 

The Candy Raver giggled. An illustration of the phrase "disgustingly cute". She was panting, still dancing hard. Faye flashed a smile. The chick retrieved a pacifier dangling from the necklace between her jiggling tits, and popped it between her lips. Weirdos. Well, I am one tonight. How did I get convinced to do this? 

Jericho. It had been Jericho, her ex's coworker. He had hooked them up with tickets not knowing Faye's relationship had been on the verge of a nuclear meltdown for about a month. Or had he known? The invitation was innocent enough. But coming here had seemed to be the final straw for Jack, her ex, who was not into this kind of thing at all. After an argument on the drive, he had taken one fiery look at the rave and fled the scene. Core containment: breached. Faye wondered if Jack had divined the tension between her and Jericho- some force did always seemed to draw their wandering gazes together at Jack's work parties. Where was Jericho? Calm, stoic Jericho had given her a sympathetic look after Jack threw his tantrum and left. Jericho who'd asked to dance with her at a party before he knew about Jack. Jericho, A.K.A., "The guy with the tattoos" (as she'd referred to him with Jack). 

A subterraneous hum had begun to vibrate in the trampled ground. Hysterical synth arpeggios poured out from the stage. A rainbow of slashing lasers crisscrossed her skin. They were reaching escape velocity; though no one knew how high the ecstasy addled DJ was taking them. Through all this the giddy throngs of human gummy worms danced on, oblivious to Faye. Anxiously wandering around the periphery of the crowd she tried to do a little interpretive gyrating, failed; not feeling it. 

Someone was shouting her name. Jericho's voice. Pleasant familiarity beamed through the alien world. Her eyes focused. There he was, arms and shirtless chest glowing psychedelic neon blue. On the drive over, a pixie-like friend of Jericho's who'd referred to herself as "Thumbelina" had filled in the outlines of his tattoos with glow in the dark paint. I'd have wanted to get my hands on his chest too. Faye's stomach did some fluttering (which felt fantastic), and the anxiety dwindled palpably. 

"I brought you some water!" Jericho shouted. 

Just then, a magnificent crash of cymbals signaled their catastrophic ascent had finally (and mercifully) ripped itself apart. A giant wave of relief spread through the crowd as the music took on a new form. It felt like the DJ was performing the musical analogue of a swan dive into space from lunar orbit. They levitated in silent vacuum for a moment, and then a gentle, rushing melody tinkled in. 

Jericho threaded between some flailing fluorescing teenagers to hand her the bottle. She sighed with relief and gulped thirstily, tossed the bottle down. 

"Damn I needed that! Thanks!" 

"No problem! Thank Christ he's spinning a new track." Jericho gestured to the DJ. 

An aural peace of weightlessness radiated throughout the dancers- a little R & R for everybody. 

"Come dance with me!" She said, grinning. 

He glanced nervously away from her eyes and then shouted back "What about Jack?" 

"We're not together anymore." 

Faye decided he needed more ecstasy, stepping towards him and producing the remaining hit from the plastic case the dealer had given her. 

"Are you sure? Jack is... You know he's a bit of a flip-flopper Faye. One day he says something, and by that night he always seems to sort of convince everyone they imagined it." He said hesitating. 

"Is this a party or have you dragged me to couples counseling? He's gone- I won't take him back. Here, take this, and show me your moves," she said, hand outstretched with the tiny red pill on her flat palm: the perennial offering of forbidden fruit. 

He smiled, but gave her a skeptical look. The music was picking up again. 

She pouted and then said sternly, "Don't be stupid, I wanna dance. Would you leave a girl alone out here to be pawed at by these, these horny mongrels?" 

Faye flung her long curls around in two shimmering sweeps and then popped her eyebrows in invitation. Jericho smiled again, accepted the pill on his tongue. She gave his wet lower lip a lingering touch with her thumb. Faye felt a crimson energetic impulse surge through her thumb and into her arm. Big hands were on her waist and pulling her. She laughed to herself. Well Faye... When you put it like that. 

They danced. Jericho's arms crossed behind her and his hands wandered up and down her slick back. Faye laid her open hand flat on his abdomen as she dipped and shimmed for him. Damn she was burning up. Their bodies drew nearer, both Faye's hands sliding up over his pecs and finally wrapping around the back of his neck. They moved as one. 

A new beat had emerged from the DJ's pulpit. The kicks expressed a thousand stomping feet, bassy bumps felt like the grinding of hips, and synthetic splashes were the tossing back of heads in climax. In Faye's heightened state of consciousness she heard the metaphor completed; the crowd (having survived a musical apocalypse) had floated back down to Earth on clouds and rainbows and was now loving, lusting, and stomping the muddy dirt in joy. Earth's was in a time of dire need, commanding melodious creation, percussive procreation. 

Nuzzled into his neck, she wanted to kiss it, and she did. Kissing after kiss she followed his jaw line forward, savoring the smell of manly perspiration. If his skin on my lips feels this fantastic, Faye said to herself, what would a full on multiple-orgasm be like? She giggled at the thought that this was just now occurring to her. Onto her open lips he planted his, which turned her knees to rubber. Furious passion suddenly took him. After recovering from her swoon Faye gave back equally: sucked his kiss, moaned into it, all modesty forgotten. A burst from a fog machine wreathed them in clouds, and as if being welded together by some seraphic cupidity, they were starkly illuminated blue and electric indigo by a lighting truss above them. 

They paused to breathe for a moment, with eyes closed and foreheads together. 

"Fuck!" Faye yelled out. "Now that's more like it!" She laughed approvingly. 

He pulled back to look at her. Jericho's eyes were all hunger now, dilated pupils betraying just how far he was willing to take this. Faye, bit her lip and fingered locks of his hair as her chest heaved. He looked down at her tan breasts, and she squeezed them together between her arms as she swayed. The cups of her bra fell away just enough; revealing, yet not baring all. But then one strap slipped off her shoulder and his warm hand slid up her side to and cupped her full, naked breast. She let her eyes close. The heat was on! She made out with him some more; only they kept bumping into people. They needed somewhere half-private. Maybe a band's empty tour bus or maybe even a bathroom; this was getting urgent. His lips touched her ear. 

"Follow me." Jericho's invitation was strained- that of a man with an uncomfortably contained erection. 

Beaming, she pecked him on the lips asking, "Where are you taking me?" 

"Somewhere where we can lay down and not be in a thousand people's sweat," he laughed. "Somewhere dry and quiet." Jericho replied leading her towards the side of the tent. 

Ha! Only until I can get your clothes off, Lover, she thought, securing her bra strap. 

They jogged as quickly as the sea of dancers permitted until, breaking out of the crowd, they reached the edge of the dance floor. Jericho placed two hands on the crowd barricade and after hopping over he held his hand out for Faye. She kissed it, let it fall, and then vaulted over with a gymnast's ease. They laughed, and she followed him outside ducking under a flap of tent canvass. 

Clinging to each other and looking around frantically, their eyes settled on the pool of bright high pressure sodium light which illuminated a portable staircase ahead. Being at the rear of the tent, it probably led backstage. 

"I can't believe it... This is the part where security shuts us down, right?" Jericho said. 

But no one stopped them as Faye jogged to it, leading Jericho now, and without hesitating climbed the stairs. In the semi-darkness Faye could barely make out huge crates, amplifiers, and racks filled with sound gear. The music was a little muffled, but still powerful. 

Time seemed stretched out in this dark and senseless place. They circled each other with singular gravity for what seemed like a long time. They got closer, and in an instant Jericho pulled her to his body. Time compressed, her sweat fell like rain, and Faye's bra leapt off her breasts. Her head whipped back as his lips closed around one stiffening nipple, tugging finger tips around the other. A single strobe light mounted up high at the back of the stage swept around and flashed at them as they kissed and undressed, and then swept away letting darkness fall save for Jericho's glowing blue chest. Faye felt the wild urgency grow. His large hands were unzipping her damp jeans. The strobe flickered across his fingers gripping their waistband and tugging down so she could kick them off. Naked at last! Jericho was kicking his sneakers away- then darkness. Seconds later he was completely naked with her, urging her backwards, lifting Faye under the armpits and placing her on something flat at about his hip level. Perfect fucking height! The velvet shrouded surface beneath her ass felt excruciatingly good but never mind that, Jericho's tongue was dancing expertly with hers and she was flinging her legs wide around his waist. His hand slid down, over the trimmed hair of her pubis, good God she was wet. Faye groaned with relief. The head of what felt like a magnificent erection prodded her upper thigh as he tried to drown is sliding fingers within her. 

Some vestige of a caution against unprotected sex crossed her mind. She wanted to shoo it away, after all she was basically helpless with passion, but it had kind of lodged itself behind her closed eyelids. 

"Are you ... Cleared to play ... Down there? I am." She whispered to him. 

"Yes! Of course... A clean bill of health." 

Well that's that, take me now or I think I might lose it! 

In a flood of full spectrum light she opened her eyes. Faye reached up to hold his flushed cheeks in her hands. The music was reaching a feverish peak when Faye nodded and Jericho nudged home. Home, sweet, sticky home. His hips thrust and his cock bore into her, but she was ready for it, sort of. Fuck! Big! Her ecstatic low moan could not be helped, nor the shuddering sucking breath when he reached her hot center. Hardly time for a pause at full stroke, and he was already pulling back. Faye was already coming. 

She urged her new lover on, demanding him to fuck her, pleading him to love her, begging for eternal pleasure. Jericho did not disappoint. Her hands roamed from his flexing buttocks to his abs and waist, back to his ass. His exhales came in great winds across her chest and face. His eyes would flash open to take the sight of her in, and then it seemed this would overwhelm him and he'd shut them tight, move in closer. Looking down she saw, for the first time, his glistening thickness spreading her open over and over. Faye came for the third time. Her neck craned up and her legs shook hard around him. She realized she was letting out a wail of exaltation; this is fucking spiritual! 

"Jericho..." The o syllable came out elongated at the end of a half moan, half sigh escaping Faye's lips. 

Faye propped herself up with one hand and reached down with the other to touch his dark pubic hair, all sticky from her libation. She'd never been so wet! Suddenly craving a lurid fondle of this man who was focusing so selflessly on her pleasure, she made a vee with her index and middle fingers; placing them against her puffy vulva. She put gentle pressure on each side of his gliding hardness, delighting in the intimacy. Jericho moaned as she took the base of it in her hand for a moment. This was unreal, she thought and licked his lips. 

A moment passed, and then sensing his desire to speed up, she braced both her arms behind her back. Faye raised her legs a little so he could penetrate further (the deepest she'd ever had). Jericho pounded into her... I'm coming again! Sensing her climax, Jericho anchored himself to the bottoms of her thighs and buttocks, and held fast there except for quick, spastic thrusts against her. Love... That... Feeling... Deep inside her the mahogany crown of Jericho's engorged penis plunged, this latest iteration of an organ finely sculpted by millennia of primate evolution, a trait selected for larger sizes as a result of its tendency to displace any competing ejaculate (which might have come early to the party), it was this firm coronal mass which now kissed her cervix and thrummed against it. Jericho's moan vibrated in her bones. 

"Fuu..." Faye started to say, but her jaw dropped open. 

Jericho was holding out pretty well considering the ecstasy, and her especially strong vaginal muscles she'd been coaxing his lengthy penis with. But his moaning and groaning were picking up now, too, and she desperately wanted him to peak with her. He suddenly pulled back and drew a sharp inhale. Her veiled eyes twinkled at him through long lashes knowing that she'd only been a hair's breadth away from being flooded, that he'd thrust his penultimate stroke into her depths only to withdraw in retreat. But no hot cum shot out onto her skin; she realized Jericho wasn't coming- yet. He smiled at her, raised his eyebrows twice, and shifted his pelvis. Jericho gently plowed his cock up between her blooming pink lips to rest on her distended clitoris, and then back down. She smiled back biting her lip. He entered her again and fucked her with slower, heftier strokes now; his concentrating expression and heaving chest showed that he was still riding close to the edge. Lifting one hand behind his head she pulled him close until her lips touched his ear. 

"Where do you want to come, Jericho? If only you knew where I wanted it you'd probably pop this second, but you can guess... Oh, ooh, my god you fuck me so perfectly... So thoughtfully, and now it's your turn to come." She drew the word out sensually. "Do you... Ooooh... Do you want my gift, Jericho? Please, don't pull out..." 

Not that she needed to beg for it, but she could tell that to Jericho these words were pure sugar on top. Then, like a cowgirl spurring her steed on, Faye dug her heels into his low back, and her fingers sought for friction on his slippery shoulder blades. Pleasure rippled through her. Their faces fell next to each other and hot breath gusted across her neck. Faye heard his breath catch, felt his muscles and tendons go taught, and a deep moan built in his diaphragm. His rhythmic thrusting faltered! 

And then he was coming in her; Jesus it was wildly sexy the way he bucked into her, frenetically clutching her butt trying to bury himself deeper, his weighty balls lurching against her asshole as they spurted big globs of gametes inside her. One of Jericho's hands slid up her spine to weave his fingers into the curls on the back of her head. She could hardly breathe! Faye began to orgasm powerfully, crying out and hugging him as close as she could until reaching the zenith. 

They kissed desperately for a minute, then softly and intentionally. A few gentle cool down thrusts were thrust. Faye felt her muscles finally relaxing and become elastic again. She bathed in pleasure. After a bit she eased him back, his still rigid cock slowly sliding out of her. Inch by inch it exited it's steaming sheathe, the swollen head at last disengaging from her reluctant, clinging pussy with a slurp (felt, more than heard). Profound emptiness... One sticky copula of pearly sperm stretched a couple inches between her vagina and Jericho's proud, florid glans. After a moment of quivering, the drooping strand snapped back with some innate, fecund volition to spatter across Faye's swollen lips. 

The act was complete, her full body and soul satisfaction thorough, but... Just a quick lick... Faye hopped down and settled on her knees. Ever so gently she took him in her mouth. Suckling Jericho's delicious, now softening shaft for any precious remnants- ooh that sweet taste- she looked up with heavy eyelids at Jericho's rapt expression. 

After a minute he touched her cheek and said, "Come back up here, beautiful Faye. Lay down and rest with me." 

He hopped up on the velvet covered row of amplifiers, and laid back. Faye stood and climbed up after, mounting him. 

"Jericho, Lover, you make me crazy." She stated mater-of-factly as she planted herself against his hot, messy groin. "Mmmmm I can feel all your cum in me, God I love it. But maybe I should push it out... If it's anything like you, Lover, it might get past my defenses..." Faye whispered to him lewdly. 

Jericho raised an eyebrow, "First of all, our friend the DJ might not appreciate that..." 

They laughed thinking of the expensive, velvet covered equipment beneath them. 

"Second, on the off chance you do conceive my rave-love-child tonight, don't worry, I won't steal the little one's pacifiers." 
