 You're the only one I wanna touch  I see your face every time I dream  On every page, every magazine  So wild so free so far from me  You're all I want, my fantasy 

-

It was almost as if Constance was waiting for me. 

That's because she was.

I asked her to surprise me with a re-enactment of one of her spectacular modeling photos; she could choose which one, and where. That would be her surprise. Then I would take it from there.

I had surprises for her as well.

Connie had chosen wisely. She had chosen her former avatar photo, the one where she sat on a tree stump in a sheer pair of ebony lace panties, legs spread, inviting attention to the hallowed, sacred fertile ground that would be the ultimate destination for our fantasy today.

I approached her from behind, my picnic basket full of her favorites, cokes (the legal kind) and chocolates, and slipped a silk scarf over her azure blue eyes. She shivered slightly as the light turned to darkness behind the impromptu blindfold. "It's Donna Karan," I whispered as I nibbled on the nape of her neck, brushing her platinum hair away. 

"You models are all such high-maintenance, only the best for you." It was our little inside joke, disparaging the behavior of far too many models within the industry and their incessant demands. 

She opened her mouth, but I held a fingertip to her lips. "Don't speak. Just enjoy." In the next motion, I eased the headphones of an Ipod over her ears with the Def Leppard track on it, "Photograph".

If she could only hear, Connie would have heard the sound of my zipper being lowered and the soft 'plop' of my shorts as they fell to the ground. Instead, with her tactile senses of hearing and speech and sight temporarily rendered moot, Constance would have to rely on more sensual sensations, such as touch and taste and smell.

I straddled the stump behind her and began to rub my already turgid cock along the back of her neck, gently raising her hair and softly whapping it in a rhythmic fashion on her alabaster skin. Instinctively, her head swiveled to turn towards the cock, like a moth to a flame. She could feel the thickness, she could only imagine the length, but already Connie had felt nothing quite like this steel-hard penis.

I stopped her head in mid-turn with a gentle push on the back of her skull, assuring that she could only turn forty-five degrees. She began to moan almost inaudibly as I grabbed my shaft between my fist and started to rub it along her temple first, and then her cheek, and then finally, dangling oh so tantalizingly close to her mouth, which opened unconsciously like a tiny bird's waiting to be fed, I rubbed my dick against her the side of her chin. 

Like a puppeteer, in complete control of the bobbing head, I again returned her head to face away from me, and I lowered the opened vest off of her shoulders, exposing her perfect D-cup breasts.

With two hands, I cupped and massaged and kneaded her soft yet surprisingly firm globes as Connie began to rock back and forth on her stump. I leaned in while caressing her tits, whose nipples rose in response to my administrations, and I began to softly hump her with my now impossibly hard cock, effectively dry-humping her between the shoulder blades, finding a new erogenous spot on her body. 

No one had ever fucked her back before, she smiled to herself, feeling the puddle of moisture now begin to cascade down the folds of her still panty-covered pussy.

Her nipples felt as if they would combust and explode as I mashed her tits together and sat down on the stump behind her, my cock now grinding into the small of her back, just above her sublime ass cheeks.

Again, I whispered softly in her ear, "So tall, so slender...but yet..your breasts....." I pinched each nipple at once, pulling them away from her body, perhaps an inch and a half. "...Your breasts are incredible. Just waiting to be sucked. Would you like me to suck your breasts, Connie? Would you like to me to make love to them with my mouth?" She nodded, groaning loudly. 

I rose and stood, walking around to the front of her, still fondling those wonderfully shaped and textured breasts. "No, I've changed my mind. I think I want to fuck your tits first. Would you like to feel my big cock on your lovely tits, Constance?"

I didn't wait for a response. I already knew the answer. I could put my cock anywhere in her or on her at this point. She was mine, she had surrendered mind and body.

Connie willingly assisted the efforts, pressing her full breasts together and wrapping them around my cock. Though blindfolded, which exacerbated the intense eroticism of the moment, she could still feel the small drops of pre-cum dripping onto her nipples. I lifted a finger to her mouth, and she immediately sucked first one, then another, and then quickly a third finger into her lips, sucking on them as she would a throbbing cock, with hunger, with enthusiasm.

With complete lust.

As she tit-fucked my thick cock and suckled on my fingers, I reached around her head and peeled off the blindfold. Her ocean-blue eyes blinked in the sudden sunlight, but she never stopped rocking on my dick nor sucking on my digits. 

We looked into each others' eyes for the first time, and her mouth began to unconsciously descend downward as she caught sight of my member between her globes. I clamped on with my hands, still on the scarf, and feigned that I was going to guide her beautiful face towards the object of her desire, to be engulfed within her waiting and needy mouth.

But instead, I released my hold on her head and bent down to kiss her, replacing my tongue where my cock longed to be, deep within her lips. Our kissing immediately escalated the already torrid outdoor exchange, and we both virtually panted. The chemistry in the kissing was like an oral inferno. 

It is undeniably true, kissing is still the most intimate act, the precursor of all carnal explorations to come.

Reluctantly, I moved my mouth from hers and began a slow descent down Connie's slim neck, nibbling and licking southward, onto her collarbone, and then finally, my lips wrapped around each breast with ardor, no pretense of teasing now. I looked up and watched in glee as her head leaned back and she closed her eyes to absorb the pleasure that my mouth, lips, tongue, hands, and fingers were providing to her fabulous full tits.

Even then, I did not stop after several long, leisurely minutes of tit-sucking. Connie's own hands now served as guides as my head traversed down onto her taut, flat tummy, and I made love to each of the beauty birthmarks that adored her tanned stomach, tracing small circles around each one. I made notice that Connie's legs had now parted imperceptibly as she still sat prone on the wide tree stump, and my one hand lowered between her toned thighs, running my fingertips over the silk fabric of her panties.

I felt the heat radiate palpably from beneath the sheer fabric, and her stomach rippled in anticipation of what was to come. Connie's athletically lean and long muscles trembled slightly as I ran my tongue along the almost invisible light blonde hairs that sprinkled her inner thighs. Looking up, I saw that Connie's eyes now blazed into my own. It was an unspoken affirmation of what I was about to do.

While still looking at her face, I eased a finger under the hemline that covered her pussy and eased it to one side. Connie gasped as the humid breeze wafted over her now exposed pussy, her crystal-blue eyes now small slits. I snaked the index finger of my left hand along the creases of her bright salmon-hued labia while lifting her left leg over my right shoulder. 

Her high-heeled shoe dug into my back and I began to softly explore her slit, dripping small streams of her nectar down onto the tree stump. With two hands now, I pulled apart her folds perhaps two or three inches apart as she moved her right leg farther apart, allowing me unfettered access.

I pursed my lips together and began to suck on the spongy lips of her outer labia, while sliding another finger into her sopping gash. She grabbed the back of my head and whimpered almost inaudibly as my tongue licked ever so softly over the bottom of the swollen hood of her clit.

Her taste was unlike any I had ever enjoyed. Clean, fresh, with just the hint of musk that accompanies the discharge of the stream of sexual fluids just before a woman ejaculates. Connie was on the brink, teetering on the edge of orgasm, I could take her over the precipice any time I so desired.

And I so desired. 

My lips wrapped around the engorged hood and I took the little ivory nub in my mouth as two fingers snaked upward and caressed the tender mass of flesh that was her g-spot. Her cunt opened like a blossoming flower and a burst of sweet pepperminty cum shot into my mouth, coating my chin as it dripped down from my lips, such was the force of her release. The long leg that was splayed over my shoulder began to pulse and kick violently in an involuntary reflex. 

As the beautiful model came powerfully, I licked her clit more urgently and watched as her stomach muscles rippled, having the same effect as tiny pebbles being skimmed across the surface of a small pond. My fingers dipped deeply into her steamy slit, almost reaching the top walls perhaps six inches within her hot cunt, and her kegel muscles gripped my invading digits in a vice-like grip. Connie came again, immediately succeeding the first blast.

This one was even more pronounced, and her wails echoed through the forest behind us. We were now lost in nature as she lost all control.

While still in the throes of her climax, I rose from my knees and simultaneously picked her up so that our bodies mashed against each others. I felt her firm tits press against my chest as she gasped, emitting words for the first time, breaking the unspoken rules by doing so. 

"Oh my God, fuck me! Please, oh God, please fuck me. Now!"

Wanting to comply, with a mighty yank, I grabbed her panties at the hip, and they virtually disintegrated. So much for props.

I grabbed her tight buttocks and raised that same leg that was just punishing my back and we began to kiss passionately as I eased my length into her steaming, needy slit. She was so wet that I filled her completely within several long deep strokes. 

Each time I withdrew from my urgent thrusts, I was careful not to extract my cock from her tight cunt. The fit was perfect. Connie groaned and moaned incoherent curses into my mouth as we animatedly kissed and fucked, fucked and kissed, two wild, rabid animals now alone in the field.

With my hands still holding onto her ass to brace our balance, I pulled her cheeks apart with one hand and began to rim her the outline of her anus with the middle finger of the other. Her eyes opened wide as she prepared for an anal insertion of my fingers, but I had other plans, for now at least.

While never releasing her tight cunt that was now wrapped around my cock like Saran Wrap, I shuffled across the mulch beneath my feet and sat down on the tree stump, turning Connie around so that she could ride on top of me, reverse-cowgirl-style.

Connie, too, never broke stride, rocking up and down on my cock which now whacked against her cervix in this new position which permitted deeper penetration. Her ass slapped down on my own stomach as I reached around her and once more played with her clit, and her own hands tugged on her wildly bouncing breasts.

I maneuvered my legs so that I could wrap her calves under mine, so that our legs interlocked in a pretzel configuration, so that Connie's body was now fully suspended in mid-air. 

She had nowhere to land except with her pussy being impaled by seven inches of titanium-like cock, again and again and again, harder, frantic, her sensational body now fully enveloped in bliss, being willingly assaulted by a long, thick dick reaching heretofore spots within her, and then.....................

My cum shot like a riptide as it was buried seven inches deep into Connie's sweetly battered pussy. She felt a rush of warm, thick fluid and the surreal throbbing of a dick releasing its appreciation of her beauty, five, six, seven spurts of hot semen, and her own body collapsed in her own ecstasy, one small orgasm after another pursing through her thoroughly sated body.

I reluctantly lifted her off of me, and her lips parted from my cock with a squishy "pop". I turned her to face me and I saw the stream of my cum and her juices flowing from her swollen slit in a milky stream.

I stood and our bodies melted together one last time, heaving, perspiration-covered, the air heavy with the aroma of hot, torrid sex that we had just shared. I half expected the wildlife peering through the trees to put down their popcorn and break into spontaneous applause. "Now THAT's how to fuck," I could almost hear the bunnies saying enviously.

I wiped the golden hair away from her sweaty brow, and tenderly kissed Connie's forehead. 

"Does that answer your question about what my intentions were, Constance? Now, how about a picnic? Naked."

Silent once again, Connie's eyes lit up. She squatted before me and took my still twitching cock in her two hands, peering at it lovingly, cupping my balls with one manicured hand and stroking me with her long fingers with the other. She lifted my cock toward my belly button and began to lick my testicles and shaft, still saturated with her own juices.

"The picnic can wait just a bit," she said, quickly masturbating me back to glory with two those talented hands.

"I have my own intentions. I haven't sucked this magnificent cock yet." 

We never had that picnic. See, some models are very easy to work with.