 I was sitting in my blind in the middle of the woods enjoying the quiet peace and solitude. It was one of those rare unseasonably warm afternoons for a November 17 in Michigan; about 58 degrees. The day required only jeans, heavy socks, work boots, a heavy sweater, quilted orange vest, 1 pair of thermals and of course silk bikinis and camisole (my major vice). I'd been watching a group of bachelor turkeys ambling and scratching about in an open area close by for about 10 minutes when they suddenly became agitated and scurried down the run. 

Curious as to what had unsettled them I searched the direction they had come from and spied a doe approaching from the south, followed by a magnificent 8-point buck. He danced stiff legged close behind her, antlers gleaming in the sun, engorged neck outstretched, head lowered, scenting her. Out of habit I reached for my rifle, eyes never leaving the pair as they stopped about 50 yards from me. He closed in on her, sniffed and then nuzzled and licked at her sex, causing her back end to arch and tail to rise. My hand froze on the rifle barrel as I watched the muscles in his haunches bunch and gather, and then he reared up. I caught a glimpse of his erect penis as he stepped forward mounted, and surged into her. The buck was snugged along her back, head on her neck, mouth open, tongue lolling as he pumped furiously. 

I realized I'd been holding my breath, amazed by such a rare sight. It was pure energy, no artifice or pretense, just raw sex. I was shocked to feel my body reacting as I continued to watch. Unable to tear my eyes away until as his neck arched, eyes rolled back and he pumped his seed into the still doe, then slid back and off. She just stood there shook her fur back into place, and started to graze, while he stood panting, his sides heaving and pelt twitching. I brought the rifle up hesitantly, my heart not in it. 

The buck stepped forward again and I remember uttering a startled low "oh, my, damned short recovery time" as he mounted the doe once again in short order. I laid the rifle back down, the movement causing me to realize my nipples were stone hard against the silk camisole as it slid across them. Unsettled, I further realized that my panties were quite damp, the silk clinging to the sensitive flesh like a second skin. Blushing, I watched as they finished and ambled off. 

I waited in this uncomfortable state for a half hour until the prearranged time for me gather my things and join my friend at the main trail for the walk out of the woods. Kens' 6'7" frame was slouched against a tree, watching me make my way toward him. "What the hell was all that racket over here earlier, Elf?" He towers well above my own vertically challenged 5'. Damn I hate when he calls me that, its usually followed by a barrage of 'short jokes' during the trek back. I blushed and told him what I'd seen, trying to keep my voice calm. 

He looked at me appraisingly, and then burst out laughing. "Got ya hot didn't it? C'mon, admit it! You got turned on watching them, didn't you?" He is 10 years younger than me; we had been friends and sometime lovers for 13 years and he knew me all too well! Ken moved in close, leaned down and murmured, "I bet your nipples are still hard too." He reached under the vest cupped my breast and dragged his thumb back and forth, teasing the already sensitized nipple. I pressed against his hand and moaned deep in my throat. He knew from past experience just how sensitive my breasts were and how easily he could control me just by focusing his attention there. "Oh we gotta do something about that, baby." 

He slid the rifle off my shoulder, laid it aside, quickly picked me up and headed back up the trail to my blind. I was kissing and biting his throat and jaw, making quick work of those buttons I could reach. Once there he let go of my legs so I was suspended against his long body, and pressed my back against the rough hewn wood of the blind, pinning me there. I wrapped my legs around his waist and kissed him hungrily as he fumbled with the latch and opened the door. 

Cupping his hands under my bottom he bent low and carried me in. The blind contains only a chair and a small bottle gas heater for use in very cold weather. Ken sat down in the chair, trapping me between his long legs and started pulling at my clothes until I was down to nothing but silk, the air chill on my heated skin. "Damn, even out here in the woods you dress in silk! Stay very still for me. Don't move and don't make a sound." 

His hands started a tortuous exploration of my breasts, fingers teasing and pinching through the silk. He leaned forward and breathed hot against my nipples, mouthing them and wetting the fabric. I tried to pull him to me, but he grabbed my wrists, dragging my hands down and trapped them between my sides and his legs. He growled out "I said don't move. Don't make me tie your hands, we both know how much you hate that." 

I knew Ken would gladly carry out his threat; I felt torn between fear and desire, clamped my legs tightly together, whimpered and complied. All I cared about was having his hands and mouth on me, to stop the ache inside. His hands slid along my hips, the fingers teasing at the leg band of my panties, then drifted to the damp fabric at the center. He bunched the silk in his hand and pulled it up tightly, bringing an unbearable pressure against my throbbing clit and causing me to cry out. He moved the camisole out of the way and began to lick and suck at my nipples, biting down hard. I moaned and felt a new flush of wetness to my pussy. "Good. I can even smell how hot you are now," he whispered. 

Grabbing my hips he forced me back a few steps then stood up and took off his clothes. "Now, take off your panties and kneel up on the chair. I want to watch you play with yourself, but you are not allowed to cum yet." The silk clung wetly to my pussy as I pulled the panties off then got up on the chair, leaning one arm on the back to support myself. I tentatively ran my fingers along my slit, parting it and carefully avoiding the clit. I knew I was way too close to orgasm and dared not anger him. He stepped close behind me, running his large callused hands along my shoulders, back and ass. He spread the lips apart, pushed in two of his long fingers and started stroking, turning them about within me. I was biting my lip, and fighting the urge to grind back against his hand, my body screaming for release. I looked back and could see him stroking his cock, watched it get very hard and form a drop of precum at the tip. My fingers itched to surround it and weigh his heavy balls. I licked my lips, hungering for the taste of that glistening droplet. He pulled his fingers out of my now sopping wet pussy and and brought his hand to my mouth. "Lick them off. Taste how hot you are." 

I could now feel the head of his big cock at the opening. He grabbed my hips and pushed forward, stretching me, creating a sensation that mingles both pleasure and pain at once. My muscles contracted, trying to adjust to his hard cock. "Damn you are always so tight," he groaned. He drove forward and buried himself deeply within me and held there for a moment. He eased back and I could feel the lips clinging to his cock and drove forward once more. My body stiffened, gathering itself to explode at the next stroke. I bucked back against him and shuddered through an orgasm so intense it almost hurt, muscles clenching rapidly around his expanding shaft. He started fucking me furiously, hands rocking my hips faster until he groaned and came deep inside of me. When we stopped shaking he lifted me from the chair and sat down with me on his lap stroking my hair and gentling me. "You ok, old girl? Was it as much fun to do as to watch?"