 After I finished showering, I got dressed and came out of the bathroom. Greg and Paul were sitting on the couch drinking a beer. I smiled, and sat down on the chair. 

We were talking, when the bedroom door opens. I almost forgot Bev and Tom were in there. 

Bev walks out, straightening herself up. She looks at me and says we better get going. Paul gets up and gets our coats for us. We say our good byes and we go to her car. 

As we drive into town she tells me what happened with her and Tom. "Never have I been fucked so good lady!" "Do tell Bev," I say. As I know she is anxious to tell me.

"Well, while you were busy with Greg and Paul, Tom and I slipped into the bedroom, right. He was so shy, I thought I was gonna have to do all the work. 

But all of a sudden he man went mad with passion. He came over to me. Looked me in the eye, and Tam, the man was so crazed. He tore my shirt off of me literally. Ripped it right over my head. Not that I minded, cause it turned me on. 

His hand reached around and undid my bra. He threw it across the room. He grabbed my breasts and just when I thought he was gonna just rip my pants off and fuck the hell out of me, he slows down. 

He pushed me onto the bed and we kiss passionately, his hand returning to my breast. Pinching the nipple, making it hard. He moves down, and starts sucking hard on them. Making me want him more. Then he stops. 

His hands move down my stomach with such a gentle touch, it makes me shiver. He reaches my pants and slowly lowers them. Pulling them off. 

He does the same with my panties. He then starts undressing himself. And as he does this I watch. He has made me so wet from sucking on my breasts. I need him now. 

But he is stripping, teasing me. I can't help myself. I lower my hand and run it thru my pubic hair, slipping my fingers into my pussy. Finding my clit and rubbing it hard. My back arching as I hit my first peak. 

Tom, watching me and growing harder. He is taking his underwear off, and I move my fingers lower and find my cunt. I lick my lips and put 2 fingers inside me. Moving them in and out and side to side.

Tom's cock falls out as he removes his pants. It was so huge, so hard looking. I ram my fingers inside me, as he walks over to the end of the bed and crawls up to me. 

He grabs a hold of my legs and my ass lifts off of the bed. I stop fingering myself. He lowers his head and licks my pussy. Pulling me closer. I feel his tongue enter my hole. 

It wiggles inside of me. I am breathing harder with each movement he makes with it. His cock growing. He sucks me dry, but I don't stay dry for long. 

He stops, letting go of my legs. He turns me over. On my hands and knees, he puts his hands over my ass, rubbing my cheeks. He comes closer and guiding his enormous cock into my ass. 

I moan out cause it almost stings going in. He starts off slow but works up to a hard, fast thrust. I lower my head to the pillow. He reaches around my body pulling me back up. I scream out. 

He starts moaning. His balls slapping my ass. Harder, harder, faster and faster. He falls onto me, and I fall onto the bed. His cock still in me. He rolls over. Runs his fingers thru my hair. 

Then we hear you come out of the bathroom, and I thought we better get going. So we kiss, I got dressed and came out. 

You know Tami, I have had many men, but none like Tom. I mean like yeah, I have been fucked up the ass, but not like that. When a girl says size don't count, Tom's counted big time."

By this time we were at my house. I said good night and walked into the house, shutting the door and leaned up against it. And thought about what we did. Who knows what will happen next time!!