 Bev and I were waitresses at a hunting lodge. We dealt with all kinds of customers. But the 3 we often remember and talk about the most happened last year. 

We knew this season was going to be the busiest we ever seen. The rooms were completely booked. We were run off our feet. Men were wanting everything that night. These 3 guys, Paul, Greg, and Tom, were tipping them back pretty good. The place was rocking. 

Last call came and went. Bev and I were trying to clean up so we could call it a night. Those 3 guys were not leaving. We told them it was closing time. But they insisted we come to the cabin for one drink then they would leave. Ok what have we got to lose. So we agreed to meet them there in 30 minutes. They left. 

One was very cute for an older guy. That was Paul. All night he kept say "Tami, you are having a good ass day!" And his friends would chuckle. 

Anyways Bev and I cleaned, and locked up. Were we sure we wanted to go to cabin 10? What the hell, let's go. Bev's husband was out of town and me, single. So let's go have fun. 

We knocked on the door. Greg opened it. Actually for the record, Greg and Tom were not too bad looking either. We went in. 

Paul passed us each a beer. Not wanting to offend anyone i took it. Music was on, and the room was just relaxed. We sat talking, drinking. But the beer was getting to me quickly. I was getting giddy. As I am not a drinker.

The men were already good and tight. Then something happened I would have never dreamed of. I was sitting between Paul and Greg. Bev was on the other couch beside Tom. Paul's hand went and pushed my hair back and started kissing my earlobe. My eyes closed and I took a breath. Then his hand went to my knee and moved up. His mouth moving down to my neck. It was like i was frozen not having the strength to push him away. My body sliding down. his hand rubbing against my crotch. As everyone carries on talking, Paul's hand moves up the button on my jeans undoing it. And slipping his hand down, under my panties. Going down, down, down. His fingers parting my lips. by now everyone was silent and watching. Drinking. His fingers feeling every bit of my pussy. Greg is getting turned on, reaching he undoes the buttons on my shirt. I lay back and am in heaven with Paul's fingers. Then Greg undoes my bra. My breasts exposed. 

At this point, Bev gets up and takes Toms hand, and leads him into the bedroom. 

Just Greg, Paul and me. Greg leans over and starts licking my breast. His tongue making the nipple harder. Then I moan out cuz Paul puts two of his fingers inside of my pussy. But he can't get the motion he wants. He pulls his hand out. 

Greg still sucking my breasts. Greg realizes what Paul has in mind. He stops. Paul takes a hand and pulls me to my feet. Taking hold of my pants he pushes them down. I step out of them. Looking at him, I can tell he is so turned on. Then Greg comes up behind me. And starts kissing my neck and pulling my shirt over my shoulders. Slowly he takes my shirt right off. Then, pulling my bra straps off my shoulders, he let it fall to the floor. 

Paul comes closer and kneels. Pulling my panties off. I step out of them. He kisses my stomach. Working lower and lower with each kiss. Going over my shaved mound. His hands spreading my legs. I lick my lips and move my head sideways. Breathing harder. His fingers again parting my lips. His tongue entering my pussy. 

Greg is watching. Getting harder by the minute. He starts to undress. Watching our every move. Paul's tongue flicking around. He finds my clit and sucks on it. I breath harder again. And moaning. 

My first orgasm has come. Paul enjoys it. The juice is running. He laps it up and stops. He feels his cock growing in his pants. 

Greg, as if he knows Paul's signals, takes my hand. And he lays on the floor. His cock standing erect. I straddle Greg. With my back to his face I sit down onto his cock. Paul is getting undressed. It slides in my moist pussy so easily. I move up and down on it. Working it. 

Then Paul comes over to me. Standing, he runs his fingers thru my hair. And with one hand on his cock and one hand on my head he pulls my head toward him. I open my mouth. Taking the head slowly in and out. 

Meeting each of Greg's thrusts, I take hold of Paul's cock and let it slide in. Slowly sucking. The smell, ohhhhh it is so nice. Trying to make each of these men happy, I try to keep up with them. I suck on one and fuck the other. 

Time passes and I feel Greg pushing harder into me. And Paul, he is moving his cock, as if he is screwing me. My pussy feeling Greg's hot cum in it. And then there's Paul. Trying to fuck my mouth. I deep throat his cock and suck it like there's no tomorrow. He starts breathing harder and harder. I try to swallow as much of his cum as I can. But there is so much. It drips out of my mouth. 

The aroma is cum, the whole room seems full of it. Paul pulls out of my mouth. I wipe my mouth off. Smiling at him. All three of us are exhausted. I stand up. Greg gets up too. Coming behind me he kisses me on the neck and whispers in my ear "Tam, you are the best fuck I have had in ages." 

He goes to get his pants on. Paul grabs my clothes and comes over to me. "Here sweetie, the bathroom is over there, if u need to clean up." 

I turn to go there. He slaps my ass. "Tami, you are having a fucking nice ass day." I laugh and wiggle my ass at them. 

This has definitely been the best hunting "tale" I will ever have.

PART 2-BEV'S BEDROOM ADVENTURE-----TO BE CONTINUED