 I patted my wife's hand gently. She sniffed and leaned sideways into my shoulder. All around us, the sounds of sniffled tears and murmuring voices. I hadn't known my wife's aunt Christina well, but from the turnout at her funeral, it seemed like she'd been well liked.

"Are you holding up alright?" I whispered.

"Yeah," Jane said. "I feel bad for some of her friends that she hadn't seen in a while. This came out of the blue for them." I could understand her sympathy. Christina had been sick for a very long time, and we had all come to terms with her passing long before the actual event. Looking around the room, there were actually very few tears. 

Jane got up to circle the room and talk to family she hadn't seen for some time, and I took the opportunity to excuse myself. The visitation was a little uncomfortable for me, knowing so few of the people there.

The funeral home was simply gorgeous. The owners were personal friends of mine (I had managed to call in some favors to get a nicer funeral than my wife's family would otherwise have been able to afford) and had done a lovely job at furnishing the place. It had been done up in a Victorian style that was somber and tasteful, with the gravitas that made people feel like their loved ones' deaths were being taken seriously.

I saw Glenn, my friend, in the hallway as I headed for the bathroom.

"Hey, Jake," he said. "I just got a call from a client. I have to head out."

"Damn," I said. "We don't have to cut it short, do we?" I would hate to have to shoo my wife's family out of a funeral.

"No," he said. "As long as you can stay until I get back." He held out a set of keys. "Here's the spares in case the visitation ends before I get back. Would you mind locking up before you leave if that's the case?" I nodded and thanked him again for the favor he was doing us. It was especially nice because Glenn and his family, a wife and two kids, lived in the funeral home. Squeezing us in like this meant his family had had to be hustled out of the house for the evening. I pushed on down the hallway, sighing at the extra responsibility I'd just agreed to take on.

I stopped at the door to the bathroom. Inside I could hear sniffing. I turned to go, but the door opened, and Jane's sister Violet came out into the hall.

"Sorry," she said, "I'm done."

"Take all the time you need," I said, trying to smile. I'm not real great with grieving people, so I tried to default back to supportive-but-not-smothering. 

Violet, Jane's younger sister, had been out of the country on business when Christina had died. She'd had much less advance notice than the rest of the family, and was taking it harder.

"Sorry," she said again, wiping her eyes. I put a hand on her shoulder, and she wilted into me in a pathetic hug. Her face was hot from crying, and pressed into my neck.

I'd always found Violet attractive, and the feeling of her pressed against me was something I'd always imagined but never experienced in any but the most platonic of senses. I forced myself to think about something else.

"Sorry," she said for the third time, pulling away. "I'm just so stressed."

"I can understand," I said. "You're under a lot of stress right now. Moving back to the states, changing jobs, it's a big deal. And all of this on top of it?" I smiled. "Believe me, I get stress."

She nodded and finally smiled. "I bet you do. Arranging a funeral like this for someone you barely knew? That was really great. Everyone's really grateful."

"It's no big deal," I said. "I love this family." I reached out and touched her shoulder reassuringly. I love the feel of a wool sweater on bare skin, and with the smell of her dark red hair still lingering around my face, I felt like I needed to get away quickly. She leaned forward for another hug.

And then her mouth was on mine. It wasn't even a kiss--more intense than that. Her mouth was moving with a hungry intensity that wouldn't be denied. It took me a second to realize through my shock that I was kissing her back. I pressed her frame into mine, trying to pull her into me. All I knew was that I needed that smell, that taste, immediately.

She broke away, and I looked at her. The moment hung on a thread. We could walk away and pretend this had never happened, but there would be no going back if we went any further. Neither of us had the self-control for that.

"Where?" she whispered.

"Upstairs," I said.

We stumbled up the stairs, as quietly as we were able. She turned the second she made it to the top and wrapped her arms around my neck again. Like something out of a movie I backed her into the first door in the upstairs hallway. Fortunately, a bedroom. Some kind of child's bedroom. Rocket ships and dinosaurs on the walls.

Her fingers were fumbling at my belt, even as I was trying to undo the button on her black jeans. If either of us had stopped for a moment to undo our own damn pants we might have been at it in a second, but we were too focused on what we wanted, on our greedy need to get the other's clothes off, to reason our way through the situation.

I pushed her down on to the floor finally undoing the snap of her jeans and yanking them down her legs. The house was cool, and the warmth of her skin underneath me was welcoming. I buried my face in her neck, lost in the smell of her hair, even as she groaned and ground her hips against me. My hand was underneath her sweater, running up the smoothness of her side, around the soft cups of her bra.

"Quit dicking around," she hissed. "Just fuck me."

She wriggled her panties down while I was hooking one thumb under my boxers to pull them away, finally exposing my dick, so ready by now that a drop of cum was already splashing down on her. The moment I felt it drip, I had a chilling thought.

"I don't have--" I started, but she cut me off.

"I don't care," she said, shaking her head. Her hair was fanned out around her, and she had never looked sexier. She wiggled back and forth, pulling her jeans down and kicking them away. "I just need you so bad. Please, quit talking."

I grabbed my cock with one hand and guided it in. She was tight, so tight, just like Jane.

"Uhhhh, god," she groaned. She lolled her head back, not looking at me. Her cheeks were red, and I could see the shame on her face, but I was past caring now.

I slid my dick home, and found it to be just like coming home. So like Jane, but so different. Jane was passive, where Violet was active. Her hips undulated underneath me, setting up a rocking motion that carried sensations I can only imagine through her cunt. She was a woman who was in charge of her own pleasure, and knew what she wanted and how to get it.

"F-fuck," she stammered, whispering. Her voice was high and delicate, like thin china. "F-fuuuuuck..." I could see her eyes open, but she still wouldn't look at me.

I wriggled my pants further down and off, spreading my legs to get a better position. Heedless of where we were, I slid some of the dirty laundry underneath Violet's back, lifting her ass just a little more off the ground. I returned to her pussy with a better angle, and saw her mouth widen.

"Holy shit," I whispered.

"I needed this so fucking bad," she squealed. "I needed to be fucked so bad."

I reached down and put my hand behind her head, turning her face towards me.

"Don't turn away," I said. "I want to look at you." I leaned over and kissed her lips. Even as her hips rolled back and forth, working my dick as hard as it was working her, her mouth moved against my own, biting my lips, sucking against me. Her hands grabbed at my shirt, pulling me against her. 

"You have no idea how long I've wanted this," I said, leaning back and running my hands under her sweater again. Her hips were moving faster, and beads of sweat were forming on her face. We had no idea if anyone had missed us, and the danger of what we were doing was starting to have a telling effect.

"Shut up and fuck me." She pulled the sweater off, leaving her round tits to sway from our motion. I don't know why a woman in a bra is so sexy to me, but the sight just thrills me. I spread her legs farther apart and surged into her. Her back arched as a shiver shot through her.

Her legs wrapped around me, and she pulled me in to her again. We were pressing as close as we could, craving as much flesh to flesh contact as possible. I could feel the tightness in her body, the same tension I felt when Jane was close, so close. Her breaths came in ragged gasps as she stroked her pussy on my dick, rocking her hips over and over again trying to reach that final peak. I buried my face in her neck again, my hands gripping tightly on her ass as I rammed into her rocking hips. 

"Oh," she hissed in my ear. "Oh, fuck. Fuck me Jake. I need this so much. I need to feel this so bad. I'm not going to last much longer. I'm almost there. I'm almost there. I'm almost there. I want to do it so bad, I'm going to--" 

She stiffened, and I could feel her whole body start to shake. "Oh, GOD," she squealed, trying to stay quiet in the throes of her orgasm. "I'm fucking CUMMING and it feels so fucking GOOD!" She slammed her hips into me, trying to squeeze every last iota of pleasure out. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck meeee..."

I stiffened myself, and started fucking her faster as I felt her pussy flood. The site of a hot woman orgasming is the one thing guaranteed to make me cum, and I was fucking THERE. My dick head was on fire, and she didn't let me go, didn't let up, even as my hips began bucking, losing all control.

"Fuck me," she hissed in my ear, "fuck me with that dick. Fucking let loose. Cum in me, cum in me you fucking....fucking just cum in me!" She threw her head back and squealed through gritted teeth, "I'm fucking coming again so cum in me NOW!"

And I was. Thick, hot spurts of cum shot deep in her, and I buried my face against the side of her throat to muffle my own scream as I came. 

In the wake of it, I lifted myself off of her, my knees shaky. The silence in the room was telling, but when I looked at her face, the shame was gone.

"Should we be sorry?" I asked.

"Fuck no," she sighed.