 Why is it when your in a hurry you catch every traffic light and the person in front of you appears to be out on a Sunday drive! I was running late to see a really sexy man and was aching for some really great sex.

I'd spent ages deciding what to wear, corsets, should it be the black or cream, stockings or hold ups or burlesque corset – decisions, decisions! I finally decided I'd try out my new purchase, an all in one fishnet body stocking, I think that will surprise him, and wondered what reaction I would get when he saw me in it? Just the thought of this was making me wet and horny.

Oh no, now its standstill, dual carriageway and its stop go! Then something made me look into the car adjacent to me and there he is, grinning at me. My face obviously telling him how frustrated I was at being held up to meet him. 

He poked his tongue out at me laughing. Then he licked his lips, slowly as if it was my pussy lips he was licking, he's teasing me. Even from where I was sat I could see in his eyes he was feeling as horny as I was. Feet away from me, knowing his cock would be hard, and my pussy so wet was making my nipples go hard at the anticipation of us meeting and increasing the intensity of wanting this man.

Side by side our cars moved, he indicated for me to wind down my window as he had just done. He shouts over to me,

"It won't be long, I'll be holding you and we'll be enjoying each other – I am going to make you so wet, and going to fuck you all night!"

I look around wondering what the other car occupants are thinking about this exchange. He laughs he's not embarrassed but he knows I am. I'm trying to ignore him, but failing dismally.

Next time I glance at him he's making as if he's feeling and rubbing his nipples, I know that's what he wants to do to mine, and mine are responding, feeling hard and tight against my top. They are aching for his touch.

Five minutes later and we reach the turn off, only a few minutes more and we will be at the hotel of our rendezvous.

We arrive together and park next to each other. He comes round and opens my door. I feel his arms around me and out lips touch, we are both hungry for each other, I can tell from his breathing and the way he is touching me. We grab our bags and stroll over to the hotels reception, holding each other tight as we go and smiling as we walk, knowing what is to come.

Luckily the reception area is quiet so we get our keys quickly. Walking down the corridors to the room I can feel his eyes on my ass, I know he's thinking I'm going to have that ass tonight, just as I know I'm going to play with his.

He opens the door and we go in. The air is electric with longing and the sexual need of us both. Our bags are thrown on the floor, and our arms are around each other. 

Frantically we're pulling at each others clothes, the top layers are discarded.

"Oh my god" he says when he sees my body stocking. "Take off all your other clothes" he demands in that authoritative tone he has.

I stand there just in the stocking; he drinks in the sight of me standing there. My nipples are hard against the net. My pussy is wet, they need his attention. I grab his shirt and rip it open the buttons go flying, he looks surprised but then he grabs the front of my stocking and he rips that apart. The top half falls down so I'm just stood in what looks like stockings.

His mouth sucks one of my nipples, while his hand feels the wetness of my pussy. I'm gasping for more and tell him. He quickly gets rid of his other clothing and I see his hard cock.

"Where are they?" he asks me.

"In my bag" I say. He unzips my bag and finds my toys.

I feel the vibrator entering my pussy; he thrusts it in deep and hard. I'm pushed back against the bed and then laying on it. He's kneeling beside me using the vibrator to play with my pussy, rubbing it from my clit through my lips into my pussy. I can feel myself getting wetter and wetter. He leaves it inside me, and then both hands are playing with my nipples, I can feel the start of my orgasm.

I moan "harder, harder" he twists my nipple and rams the vibrator in harder. He then flips me over, I'm on my knees. I can feel his cock at the entrance to my ass, he gently enters, but it's not enough I want all of him. I love feeling both my pussy and ass full.

I grab my clit toy and turn it on, he starts to feel the more intense vibration and I can hear his breathing change. I can feel my body changing, the signs of my orgasm building up, it's travelling into my head, I know its coming.

I say "I'm coming" 

He can feel my pussy tensing and twitching, feeling tight against his cock. He thrusts harder and faster. I know it's not going to be long until I come. I start to shudder and he starts moaning. At that moment we feel the same, it's as if we are one and then we're coming together, saying the same things, moaning in the same way.

I don't want it to end, I can feel it coming and coming he can feel it too

"I don't want it to stop" I say

He takes the vibrator out and puts his hand in. He moves it around and finds the spot. I know I'm going to orgasm again but in a different way. He's going to make me gush.

The hand moves, my legs drop wider and then there is this feeling of losing control of everything, my pussy relaxes from the tensions and then I feel it the hot warm feeling and I know I'm gushing. He increases the movement of his fingers and then I feel it splashing all over our bodies, it's as if we're being showered in my hot pussy juices.

We then collapse on the bed, satiated and sexy, our lips meeting to tell each other without words our feelings.

Both of us knowing we have the whole night ahead of us with much more to come..................