 This is the first half of a story inspired by the "hunting for Bambi" hoax. Even if the story as a whole is not finished, this chapter is a finished section and can be enjoyed as such. If there is interest I'll continue this story.

*****

Battle of the Sexes.

It was a beautiful summer day. The midday sun was high up in the sky, heating up the world with its golden rays. The car park was mostly empty, except for a few neatly parked cars. Mostly small compacts, not the eye catching luxury limos one would expect to find at a luxury hotel.

A group of at least a dozen pretty young women had gathered near the entrance. They vaguely looked like a tour group, yet they were standing together was more like a collection of individuals. They were all dressed as if going for a shopping trip of sorts.

A few were talking to one another, most of them were just standing there. Their dress was a bit too casual, not expensive and fancy enough, making them look somehow out of place next to the large glass doors with luxurious golden handles and the shiny marble walls. All were wearing trainers, heels were notably absent, another oddity.

I park my car and hesitate. This must be the right place. Those girls, they must be the other participants. So it looks real, or is it? They can't possibly cheat that many girls, can they? And anyway Corey told me it's legit, she joined before, and it was a blast, in more ways than one, she said. If it was a total cheat, I should have heard more about it. I'm nervous, very nervous.

Another car pulled in the parking lot and parked next to hers. A pretty young woman got out. Well built, long blonde hair, wearing a tight tank top showing a little bit of cleavage and knee long skirt. The ideal clothing for the hot weather, and it made her look sexy. Girls like her could be spotted in the wild easily whether walking down a shopping street in town or strolling along the beach, but again she was wearing trainers, not a typical footwear to go with this outfit.

The advertisement had been discrete, forwarded only within the circuit. The other women waiting there probably also came from the erotic services sector, such as escort bureaus, erotic massage salons or similar establishments. It was at first like a mere rumour, "big bucks paid to women participating in a naked paint ball game." 

Of course they want women with experience, and with that they do not mean paint ball experience. Of course it is more than just running around naked and be shot at. And of course the pay is good, which generally means one sure thing: trouble. The bigger the pay, the bigger the trouble and the lesser the fun.

Trouble ahead. And supposedly big bucks ahead. And I am not alone here, either. There are more, so it should be genuine. And reasonably safe. The money should be real, the trouble should be manageable, or I'd have heard about it. My friends in the business confirmed that this organiser is trustworthy. Even though I could not get a name or anything, apparently for my friends it was not something entirely new, and that I could expect more such rumours going around now and then. 

Just a few days ago Samantha also told me she had joined such an event, she told that it was not all that bad. Yes, paint balls hurt. Yes, you will have a lot of sex. No, you don't really have choice in who to have sex with. And yes, you get to wield your own paint ball marker and shoot back, and that part is actually fun. At least you're not just being hunted down.

Vickie watched the blonde join the other women waiting at the door, and realised that it was time to get out of the car or she would be out of the event before it even started. Besides, it was getting really hot in her tin enclosure, and that combined with her tense nerves made her sweat.

She made up her mind, and decided to go through with it. Grabbing her purse she took a deep breath, released the seat belt and opened the car door. Outside air rushed in, it was cool when compared to the searing heat that had been building up inside the car. She got out, closed the door, locked it and standing firmly upright walked to the group of waiting women.

"You guys waiting for the paint ball game?" she asked one of the women, a skinny girl with short, dirty blonde hair.

"Yes," the woman answered, and looked the other way, making it obvious she was not interested in any more conversation.

The behaviour of this woman makes me feel unwelcome. My nerves start to play up again, I feel tense, and even though I know now for sure they're also waiting to be taken to the paint ball game I strongly feel as if I do not belong here. Nobody seems to belong here. Most other women just stand there, looking nervous, and like the skinny blonde do their best to ignore the others.

As I stand there waiting, three more women arrive and join the group. I check out the other participants. All young, mostly early to mid twenties, some a little older, around thirty maybe. Good looking girls all around, all different sizes and shapes. At least in my spaghetti strap sun dress I fit right in with the rest of them.

After they all waited silently in the hot sun for a few more minutes, a woman in an expensive looking dark grey skirt suit appeared. Her high heels clicked noisily on the concrete surface as she walked straight towards the group. Everyone looked in her direction, expectantly.

"Good afternoon ladies, and welcome to our club," she said. "My name is Melanie, and I am very pleased to see you all. The weather is excellent, and we expect to have a great day. Now if you would all please follow me, we will take you to our club. 

"Please be reminded that this club is highly exclusive and discrete, and our members like to keep it that way. So do not tell anyone of the actual location of the playing field, or anything else you might see or hear today. Any questions?"

A nervous silence ensued.

"Excellent, please follow me."

Melanie walked back to where she came from, and everyone followed her. Around the corner an unmarked bus was waiting, the engine running.

My mind races. This is the point of no return. Get on that bus and I'm in to the end. Will I survive? Will I make it through? Will they be gentle to me, or will I be treated like how a kid treats its toys? How often will I get shot? How many men will I get to service?

The bus is a bit scary, intimidating. All the windows black, you can't see through. Only the driver has a bit of a view. I have no idea where I'm taken to, I'm nervous, feeling tense. Nobody is talking, there is a nervous silence in this bus. I'm afraid, afraid of what's to come. I'm not in control any more, my only solace is in that I'm not alone.

The bus set off, made its way out of the city, onto a motorway, then a secondary road, and then smaller and smaller roads until about half an hour later they ended up on a dirt track. The last part of the route the bus was travelling slowly, shaking violently as it hit the potholes in its path. 

This is supposed to be a pretty exclusive and luxury club. How come they're on a dirt track? With such a simple wooden clubhouse? Is it just to keep prying eyes out? Part of their exclusivity? I hope it is indeed just that, as otherwise the trouble may be even bigger than the worst case scenario I ever imagined. 

My heart is beating in my throat, I am really nervous. It is about to start. Soon I will be running around the trees naked, to be shot at, to be hunted as game, sex game.

Melanie asked the girls to get off the bus, and led them to one of the wooden buildings. None of the other women talked, many of them looked rather tense, while others walked with a confident stride. 

The bus had stopped just inside a gate, the entrance to what seemed to be a rather large fenced-off area, built using boards preventing outsiders to peek in. A few low-key wooden buildings were near the entrance gate.

The building looked much better on the inside than the outside would suggest. Fine finishing, nice looking furniture, everything very well built and in top condition. Melanie led them to a large room that looked like the dining room of a fancy restaurant. On a long table along the wall all kinds of food were placed, Vickie could smell the delicious aromas of the various dishes as soon as she entered the room.

"Welcome to our club house, ladies. I would like to give you a quick run down of what we expect from you, and what you can expect from us.

"As you know we are going to play paint ball. You will be hunted by our members, and if shot you will be his for an hour. All of you get a paint ball marker yourself so you may shoot back, and indeed you're encouraged to as it makes the game more exciting for both parties. If you hit a hunter he must call of his hunt and get the paint removed before he can try again. Near the entrance is a safe zone where you may not be shot, go there to reload your marker when you're out of ammo.

"You will not be wearing anything but shoes, a face and neck guard and groin guard. Those items are absolutely mandatory to wear at all times in the playing field including the safe zone. If you're caught not wearing them we may expel you. This for your own safety.

"When hit, put up your hands to show surrender, and to stop them shooting at you. Every hunter has a unique colour balls, so we can always tell who hit you.

"Finally, as you must have noticed, we have a high tea available for you. Please eat and drink well, you will need the energy for later. Our first members are expected in about an hour from now, by then you should all be out in the playing field."

I barely hear what Melanie is saying, and don't realise she stopped talking until I notice the other girls start moving. I feel like I am in a dream, as if it is not me doing this. A dream from which I will wake up suddenly very soon now I realise it's a dream. Except I don't wake up, this is reality. Within an hour I'll be walking in the woods, butt naked, carrying just a paint ball gun.

A vaguely hear a voice, someone tries to talk to me. I wake up from my trance and look to where the voice came from. I see a woman, slightly taller and overall bigger than me, maybe mid twenties. She has a dark brown skin, long black dreadlocks, and a very full bosom.

"You not going to eat?" a woman said to Vickie.

"Oh, yes, sure," she stammered.

"Your first time here?"

"Yes it is. First time for me."

"I thought so. I saw you sitting in your car a long time before you got out, and now you were standing here as if you were in another world. I'm Nicola, by the way."

"Vickie."

"You nervous?"

"Very."

"I was like you, the first time. Have something to eat, that will help you loosen up. You will have to loosen up, or you're going to be a sitting duck."

"OK," was all she could say, nervously. Her nervousness was in strong contrast to the ebony woman's relaxed and confident posture. She looked almost happy, as if she was looking forward to the event.

She followed Nicola to the buffet and helped herself to a sandwich and some other snacks. They found a seat at one of the tables, and sat down to eat a bit. Vickie managed to relax a bit as she started to eat.

"You been here before, right?" she asked.

"Yes, third time now."

"Really. Doesn't it hurt?"

"What?"

"Being shot."

"Oh yes, sure. It hurts a bit. But the bruises will be gone in a matter of days."

Bruises! That sounds painful. How many bruises will I have come tomorrow? And where? Not too sensitive spots I hope. And how can she be so relaxed about that? That must be so painful. Another reason not to get hit, besides not having to subject myself to some crazy guy. How can this girl be so relaxed about this all?

"Bruises," she repeated softly.

"Yes, what you expect from being hit by a paint ball?"

"I never thought about that. I was more afraid of what the men would do to us."

"You have to get a bit lucky with them. There are always assholes in the group, that will treat you like a disposable sex toy. But most of them are quite decent. There are even some that realise that by making sure their girl is happy, they'll have a much better time themselves. Just make sure you don't get hit too often or you'll be sore from more than just the impact of the paint balls."

"Any advice on how not to get hit too often?"

"Shoot them before they see you and shoot you."

Great. What a suggestion. Very useful, I'd never have thought about that myself. It really sounds like it's just a game to this Nicola. She's been here three times already and comes back for more, maybe it's not that bad after all, maybe the men aren't that bad, maybe I can survive in the wood for more than five minute before being shot.

Silently she continued eating, and when she was almost done she looked around the room. At the door a few women had gathered, they were naked. It was time to get moving, to get changed and to get to know how to operate the guns. 

Reluctantly she got up and walked to the door, where Melanie was handing out bags for their clothes and the safety gear. 

I undress myself. It feels unreal. Undressing just like that, as if I was going for a shower or so, but in a dining room surrounded by about two dozen other women, some of whom are eating and sipping their tea, as if nothing out of the ordinary is going on. Around me, other women are in various states of undress. Opening a blouse, pulling a t-shirt over her head, dropping a skirt or pants, unlocking and removing a bra, pulling down panties. Only socks and shoes remained.

I also remove my clothes, one by one, and put them with my purse in the bag Melanie provided. Down to only my shoes I put on my groin guard and then fit my face and neck guard. Nicola helps me with to adjust the straps making it sit snug and rather comfortable. The groin guard makes me feel a little less naked and exposed, even though it is not much in the way of cover. My boobs are still out for all to see. All different boobs. From small pert ones like mine to large, sagging ones like Nicola's.

At the entrance to the playing field were two men wearing Hawaii shirts and shorts handing out the paint ball markers. Vickie took a deep breath and walked to the men, to receive her marker and instructions.

"Do you know how to use it?" one of the men asked.

"Nope, first time ever."

I immediately feel ashamed and want to cover myself. I am one of a handful of naked ladies that gathered there, the guys look at us as if we're dressed normally. Of course for them this is normal, handing out paint ball guns to naked girls is just part of their job, as is teaching a naked girl how to shoot a paint ball gun.

The man put on a face guard himself and took her through the gate. There he explained the basic workings of the gun, and helped her to fire off some test rounds to get a feel for it. She had to aim at a tree, and after some practice managed to hit it with relative ease.

"You're a good shot, I'm impressed," the guy said.

The safe zone, roughly a ten meter radius around the entrance with low grass, was rather small and highly exposed. Getting into and out of that safe zone during the game without being shot was going to be a challenge for the girls, anyone could see exactly where they would enter the woods.

Nicola approaches, her boobs swinging with her step, her hair tied together in a tail, her marker nonchalantly slung on her shoulder. She makes me think of a warrior girl, of the kind you can see in those naughty fantasy comic book targeting teenage boys, but minus the tiny bra-like thing those warrior girls often get to wear. I smiled faintly at the thought, a little relief from the stress of the thought of what was to come. I should keep an eye on her, I'm sure she can teach me a lot. She looks so experienced and confident.

"Ah, I see you're completely ready now," Nicola said.

"Yes, ready. I guess."

"We still have some time, you'd better try to explore the area a bit. It's not very big, maybe a hundred meters across, but there are plenty of places for you to hide out or to seek cover. Some large rocks, some ditches, some more open areas and some with thick undergrowth."

"Shall we team up?" Vickie suggested.

"Yeah, why not, lets try. Then we can spot the hunters earlier, maybe."

"And I hope you can teach me how to survive."

Together they walked into the woods. The undergrowth was sparse, providing little cover. The best cover was provided by the trunks of the thicker trees, and the occasional big rock. The bushes were looking rather thin, but Nicola explained that paint balls would shatter on impact so would be stopped by almost any branch that was in their way, "So do make sure you have a clear line of fire when you try to shoot someone."

They walked around the area to get a bit of a feel of the place, keeping their eyes out for the hunters who could appear any moment now. Suddenly, they could hear a "tak tak tak" sound in the distance.

"They're there," Nicola whispered, crouching down immediately. "The hunt is on. Just a few men at first, but there will be more soon. Up to as many as there are of us at any one time."

Vickie followed her in making herself small, and whispered nervously, "What shall we do now?"

"For now, wait and see. We're quite far from the entrance, and I haven't seen any other girls nearby for a while. I think they're all scattered. Just stay low, we can hide behind that rock over there, and hope they don't find us any time soon."

I am so nervous, I am shaking a bit. I can't keep my nerves under control. I am afraid of suddenly being hit hard by a paint ball, afraid of the sudden pain and the bruise, afraid of the men, the thought what they may do to me. Even though it is a hot afternoon, I feel cold. 

I hear the sound of paint ball guns firing, a single shot, sometimes a volley, then again silence. I hear voices, men's voices. At least two men are on the hunt, I can make out two different voices, but they are too far away to know what they were saying. 

Suddenly I hear the shrill sound of a woman's scream. I cringe. This one is for real, one of the women has already been hunted down, and will soon be on her way out for hour of sex with whoever shot her. I shudder at the thought, knowing it is only a matter of time before my turn comes. I will do whatever I can to delay the inevitable as long as possible. I'm not going down that easily.

I feel someone grab my arm, and almost scream in shock. I am that nervous. I look, it is Nicola, she points at something.

"What is -"

Nicola immediately put a finger on her lips, signalling Vickie to be silent.

Vickie looked in the direction Nicola pointed, and saw a green shadow moving between the trees. A hunter, barely twenty meters away from them. Her heart started to beat even faster, her nerves were very tense. She heard the sound of branches snapping as the man moved around slowly. She was not sure whether he had spotted them, as they were hiding behind a rather dense bush and had been mostly silent. She grabbed her gun, and pointed it at the hunter. 

Nicola pushed down the barrel, and whispered, "Not yet, wait until he's closer and you have a clear shot. When I say so, we get up and shoot him. OK?"

I nod my head. That sounds like a good tactic. Wait him out, then surprise him. Hoping he does not spot us first. I am so nervous, scared, yet excited at the same time, confident we will shoot this guy before he knows what's happening. 

Suddenly I feel the terrible urge to pee. That's what nerves do to you. The groin guard gets uncomfortable, I start fiddling with it, trying to move it. I need to pee so badly, can I do it here, in the middle of stalking that guy?

"What you doing?" Nicola hissed.
