 Beth was a beautiful 22 year old woman. She was petite with waist length dark brown hair and hazel eyes. Her 36 C tits, tiny waist, and ass always got her the attention she craved. As she buttoned the thin white shirt over her white sheer bra she thought about the night ahead of her. She hadn't been out in months and needed a night for herself. She needed a night of no rules, no limits. She needed to hunt. Not bothering with panties she pulled on her jeans and boots then headed out.

Anticipation grew as she drove to the club. By the time she got there her pussy was wet just thinking about getting fucked. She walked in and went the long way around to the bar, scanning the room as she went. There were a few guys she knew, but not very well.

With a beer in her hand she found a table so she could search for someone who might turn her on. About the time she finished her beer a guy asked her to dance. Accepting, he held her hand leading her to the dance floor. Dancing close it wasn't long before his hand was on her ass. She let his hands roam for the next few songs before he asked if she wanted another beer.

"Sure," she said and followed him to the bar.

"I haven't seen you here before," he said.

"I've been here a few times."

"So where you from?" he asked.

"South," her standard reply. "Where are you from?"

"New Braunfels. I'm here visiting my sister."

Small talk bored her. She wanted action. Deciding to cut her losses she thanked him for the beer and headed towards a guy that peaked her interest. Looking at his lean muscled body she could imagine him slipping his cock into her needy cunt.

She walked up to him and said, "Want to dance?"

He looked her up and down and then with a smile said, "Yeah."

As they danced he asked, "What's your name?"

"Beth. And you?"

"Bradley. You always this bold or what?"

"I'm bold when I see something I want. You don't like bold girls?"

"I like bold just fine," and then he kissed her. 

As their tongues found each other his hands moved up and down her body, teasing her nipples and making her cunt ache. She could feel his dick stiffen as she rubbed it through his jeans. It would take little effort to get him to fuck her.

She said she wanted a smoke and another drink so they left the dance floor. She thought about him fucking her. Her pussy was slick as she thought about him sliding into her. She couldn't wait much longer.

"Let's go outside," she said, pressing her lean body against him, feeling his still hard dick.

With a little smile he agreed.

They found an old round table on the side of the building in the dark under a tree. She sat down on top of the table with him standing between her spread legs.

His mouth was on hers, their tongues dueling. His hands moved up her body to her tits. He rubbed them through her thin shirt, making her moan. His lips traveled down her neck to the opening of her shirt. He undid the buttons, opening it so his mouth could find her tits. She leaned back, arching up towards him. As he was sucking and rubbing her big tits she reached for his dick. He was rock hard, his jeans tight across his bulging cock. Undoing his jeans she slipped a hand inside. Her long fingers wrapped around his long fat dick and began to stroke him. His hand moved down to the top of her jeans. Wanting this she leaned back so he could undo them. He tugged them down just enough so he could get his hand inside. As he fingered her warm wet cunt she stroked his cock faster. 

She was about to cum when they heard voices. Someone was walking towards them. With a groan he stepped away and zipped his jeans. Whoever it was, they were close enough to see them if they looked that way. 

"Come with me," Bradley whispered and pulled her off the old table as she tugged her jeans up.

He led her around the corner of the building. In one quick move he had her pushed against the building. One hand on her tits, squeezing and pinching, the other hand slipping back into her still open jeans. She yanked his jeans down to grab his cock. 

"Fuck me," she whispered, kissing his neck.

He turned her around to face the building and pulled her jeans down. Hands against the building, she spread her legs as far apart as possible with her jeans around her ankles. She moaned as she felt her pussy stretch wide as he slowly pushed into her. She pushed back against him, taking his cock deep inside cunt. With his hands on her waist he began to move in and out of her.

"Oh fuck yes," She moaned.

Moving with him it didn't take long before her body shuddered as she came. It wasn't enough though. She needed more.

"More. Fuck me harder, deeper. Fuck me." She couldn't get enough. She begged him to not stop. 

"You like this?" he growled in her ear. With each motion he pushed deeper in her cunt.

"Yes Yes Yes!"

She was nearly screaming now. Quickly he pulled out of her and spun her around. She grabbed his cock and guided it back into her dripping wet pussy. Her hands were on his shoulders, nail digging into his skin. He bit and sucked her tits while pounding into her cunt. Feeling his dick buried in her pussy, stretching her, pounding into her, made her cum again. Her knees weak, he held her up, pushing her against the wall as he rammed his cock balls deep into her. She felt his dick swell as he filled her with his cum.

He pulled out of her and kissed her neck softly before stepping back to pull up his jeans. He watched her quietly as she tugged her jeans up and redid the buttons on her shirt.

"Beth, there isn't some jealous boyfriend or husband going to come looking for me later is there?"

She laughed and said no.

As she turned to walk away he grabbed her arm, stopping her. He stepped near and kissed her again. A long deep kiss. He made her want him again but she knew it was time to go. She had gotten what she went looking for. She eased out of his arms and walked away without looking back. The hunt was over and she was going home, satisfied and filled.