 "Shhh...." she put her finger to his lips. "Don't ruin this with questions. Don't even bother. You don't need to know my name, I don't need to know yours. All I need is your hard cock in my tight, wet pussy. Now." She replaced her finger with her lips and stole whatever he was about to say right out of his mouth with her tongue. As she subdued him with kisses, her hands worked on his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and slipped inside his boxers. 

He was hard, so hard that she could feel him jumping in her hand as she ran her fingers down the length of him. Thankful that he hadn't taken off his coat yet, she pushed his pants and boxers lower, giving her greater access to his hard cock. While she stroked him with one hand, she lifted her skirt and shoved her panties to one side. She could feel that they were soaked, and she allowed herself a second to slip a finger between her lips to see that she was, indeed, dripping with need. 

His hands were still braced against the wall, where they'd landed when she'd grabbed him as he left the bathroom began kissing him passionately and fiercely. She abandoned his cock to grab one of his hands and bring it down to where she'd lifted her skirt. She needed only to show him how she'd shoved her thong to the side for him to begin his own explorations. He slipped his finger between her lips and moaned as he felt how wet she was. He smoothly inserted two fingers in her tight wetness, reveling in how tight she was and how very, very wet. 

She'd been looking for someone around her height with a long, bulky jacket, that way she'd only have to hike one knee up to slide him inside of her. When she'd seen him walk out of the bathroom, she knew he would be perfect and she'd made her move. Now, as he worked his fingers in and out of her at a quick pace, she was glad he hadn't resisted. 

Gripping his hard cock again, she hitched her right knee up, hooked it where his pants and boxers were balanced, and pulled him toward her. He understood immediately what she was going for, slid his fingers out of her, used them to wet his own flesh, then pushed himself into her without her even having to guide or coax him. He shoved his way inside of her tight, wet pussy. Her breath gusted out of her with a breathy sigh. He wrapped his left arm around her thigh and hip, anchoring her knee at his hip, found her left hip with his right hand, and began to pump in and out of her. 

Shifting her pelvis down, she caught friction on her clit as he slid in and out. The crowded bar and noisy band provided the perfect cover for them. Not having broken the kiss except to breathe, it just looked like two drunk fools making out in the hallway. No one looked their way, and no one thought twice about them. He kept pumping in and out, in and out, picking up speed and increasing his rhythm. Beginning to grind down on him as he slid out, she found her own rhythm to match his and felt the orgasm begin to build. 

He was gripping her hips tightly now, fingers digging into her flesh bruisingly. His thrusts were becoming deeper and harder, and she raced to keep up. Breaking the kiss, finally, she wound her fingers through his hair to brace herself as she angled her hips further down, creating more friction. Her lips found the tough fabric of his coat as she bit down to muffle her moans. His head was buried in her neck, and he bit and sucked at her tender skin to muffle his own. Her orgasm caught her just as he pushed her hard against the well. She could feel her inner muscles spasming tightly around him and could feel him pulsing and cumming inside her at the same time. 

Releasing her hips, his hands wound through her hair, using it to pull her head up from his shoulder to look at her. He kissed her gently. She used the moment to drop her foot back to the ground, slide herself off of him, and right her underwear and skirt. As she fumbled with his pants, he released her face and dropped his own to right himself. Once all was back in place, she met his eyes, smiled, kissed him one more time, and said thanks. 

She slipped from between him and the wall and walked back to the bar. He watched as her hips swayed. She slid on a barstool, linked her arm with another woman's, and slipped right back into conversation as though she'd never been gone. Shaking his head in amazement, he walked back to his friends at the pool tables and decided not to say anything to them, not that they'd believe him anyway.