 They met in a graduate school dorm, where Bill was studying for an M. A. in English, and Ingmar was pursuing a Ph.D. in English. Appropriately, the Masters students lived on the second floor, and the PhD. students occupied the third, the top floor. Presumably, the mere undergraduates had the first floor. Bill was 22 and had come from northern Minnesota. Ingmar was 37 and had come from Sweden, where he had earned the highest of European degrees in literature, to concentrate on American literature.

The next year in October, Ingmar visited Bill at his home for a weekend. Bill drove him up a scenic highway with forest and lakes on both sides of the two-lane road up across the Continental Divide. It must have looked similar to Sweden. Bill was of Finnish descent; many of the people on the Iron Range were of Finnish, Norwegian, or Swedish descent.

When Bill visited Ingmar where he had moved off campus, they visited every strip joint on Hennepin Avenue, from the Gay 90s to the Roaring 20s. There was a petite beautiful, voluptuous belly dancer, who picked a customer with whom to have simulated sex on the stage and then stepped down among her fans to rub her big tits in the faces of male customers; a burly bouncer guarded her body from all but a quick feel of her thigh. In another joint, there was a fine black woman who danced proudly, absorbed in her artistry. In another place, there was an aging, plain woman with a flat chest, who could spoil the best erection, from whom Bill fled before she could remove her top.

A year later, Ingmar got a teaching job at a nearby college. He invited Bill to visit, saying, "I have two nice women taking care of me!"

Bill was having a brief but steamy affair with a promiscuous woman who was divorcing her husband. For about three weeks, local wives had their husbands to themselves.

Ingmar's girlfriend rented a trailer. Susan was 26, with a rather plain, flat face, about 5' 1", slim with long, dark brown hair. She wore straight line skirts and dresses. Their friend, Jane, arrived late. She was petite also, except for her large breasts, and had blonde, short hair with a pretty face. She needed A line skirts and dresses to accommodate her hips and plump, jutting ass. Both had also joined the English Department in September.

Bill read some of his poetry.

Susan smiled and said, "You have a bedroom voice!"

Ingmar snickered. Bill was surprised by the words issuing from Susan's small, prim mouth to a man she'd just met! He thought Susan was flirting with him and wondered how she was in bed. No, doubt, Ingmar already knew. They had supper at a locally owned restaurant. They went to the apartment which Jane shared with her roommate, Mary, another petite, rather cute woman with long, black hair, who taught art history.

Bill applied for a job in the English Department before he returned home. A month later, he received a call from the chairman offering him a job! There had been something like a "Saturday Night" massacre in the English Department: several teachers were replaced at the beginning of the semester and two left in the middle of the semester amid scandals.

Bill began dating Jane, and they often joined their friends Ingmar and Susan. In January, Ingmar asked Bill to be his best man for his marriage to Susan. Jane came along to the civil ceremony as the other witness. Bill drove the wedding party in his classic Mustang. Bill was too shy to kiss the bride, but Ingmar kissed Jane. The four had a wedding supper in the Twin Cities.

On their return, the Mustang became the first vehicle to encounter a newly iced lane of the freeway. The rear-wheel drive pushed the car into a spin. Fortunately, the snow was thick in the roadsides, and the car slammed into a snow bank.

The four spent the night in a nearby motel. Bill and Jane probably enjoyed the wedding night more than the bride and groom, because they were enjoying each other for the first time. Jane gave herself completely, risking pregnancy, and they mated. A few days later, they planned marriage for the end of the month. Ingmar was best man, but Jane's best friend, Suzanne, came from Michigan to be her maid of honor.

While the guests went to a party after the wedding supper, Bill and Jane went back to her apartment to make love before Mary returned.

With a housing shortage, Jane's roommate offered to play "Three's Company" for a reduction of her share of the rent to one-third. They accepted. It was a corner apartment on the first floor. Ingmar and Susan lived in the same apartment building, upstairs.

Mary was delicately feminine. She displayed nice legs in miniskirts, had pretty B-cup breasts and had a womanly ass. She flirted but was afraid of sex. The bedrooms were adjoining. Mary took sleeping pills, so maybe she didn't hear the nightly humping just the other side of the common wall. Jane tried to stifle her screams of pleasure. Virginal Mary lying in her bed only a few feet away increased Bill's excitement.

When, in the spring, Ingmar and Susan took a trip for two weeks to visit his relatives in Sweden, they asked Bill and Gerry to look after their apartment and have some privacy from their roommate, Mary.

Ingmar said, "Just don't use our bed!"

"Oh, Ingmar, honestly!" Susan exclaimed.

Ingmar's remark, of course, gave Bill the idea of making love on their bed, which appealed to Jane's enjoyment of mischief. They spread a towel on the bedspread and found it very stimulating. They also made love on the floor of their friends' living room. Bill looked at a photo album and found some sexy photos Ingmar had taken of Susan. In one, she lay outdoors on her back, her hands clasped behind her head with her knees up and her miniskirt sliding down to reveal most of her thighs. Another photo showed Susan leaning against a tree nude from behind, displaying fine legs, a nice ass and back.

The photos weren't as exciting as Bill's of Jane lying naked on her side on their bed, though.

After six months, an apartment became vacant, so Bill and Jane moved into it at the other end of the building. They exchanged visits with Ingmar and Susan.

Bill encouraged Jane to dress in a sexier manner befitting her exciting figure. Ingmar appreciated how Jane's short dresses clung to her voluptuous body. Ogling her in a clinging dress one evening, he told Bill,

"You must be perpetually excited!"

Bill enjoyed the compliment on his wife's sex appeal. After a few drinks, Jane went to change into a dressing gown for bed, tomorrow being a school day. When she re-appeared, Ingmar was disappointed. As she stood near the couch where he sat, he extended his leg to hook his foot under the hem of her gown and pull it up, exposing her legs all the way up to her panties! Susan scolded him. Bill was angry. Later, in bed, however, he was pleased to have a wife with such an exciting body. Jane and Bill talked it over and had the feeling that Ingmar wanted to swap wives to enjoy Jane's luscious body.

Susan became rather jealous of Jane's body and Ingmar's lust for her. For Ingmar's birthday party, Jane had worn her bright floral print cocktail minidress with a low neckline and made to forgo a bra.

One day, Bill chanced to see Susan sunbathing in a dark pink bikini at the edge of the parking lot in back of the building. He approached for a closer look. Susan had a lithe, lovely body, and if she weren't looking sexy enough, she had untied the top of her bikini while lying prone. 

"You look good, Susan! Let me know if you need any lotion rubbed on you."

Susan turned and lifted her body, inadvertently exposing some of her breast.

"Thanks for the compliment, but I'll pass on the rub."

Aye, there's the rub, refused! Bill thought. She had passed on receiving his pass.

Susan gained stardom in Bill's sexual fantasies. He imagined her coming down to his apartment in her bikini while Jane was at school and asking him to rub lotion on the places she couldn't reach. Of course, when he had her lying face down on his bed, he rubbed lotion on every inch of her bare flesh! He'd untie her top. When she turned over and saw his hardon for her, and felt his hands explore up her legs, arms and belly, they'd lose the bikini top. Bill would caress and kiss Susan's breasts and suck her nipples until she succumbed to a mutual passion.

Susan, however, maintained a remote dignity.

Susan told Ingmar about Bill seeing her up close in her bikini and offering to rub lotion on her. Ingmar grinned.

"Why didn't you let him?"

"Are you serious? I'd be letting him feel me up!"

"It sounds like fun, for both of you. Then, you could tell me all about it."

"I suppose you'd like to swap wives with Bill, too! I know you'd like to get your hands on Jane!"

Ingmar just grinned.

*

That June, their first summer in their own apartment, Bill and Jane drove to Detroit to visit her father. He didn't have room for them to stay, because his wife's children were visiting. Jane and Bill then visited her best friend, Suzanne, who lived in an affluent suburb and taught high school English. She was Jane's bridesmaid. They could stay with her.

Bill was impressed with Suzanne. After the wedding, she had kissed him on his lips. She gave him a hug and kiss now. She wore a sensational yellow body suit, cut like a one-piece swimsuit but with a wraparound miniskirt that snapped in place. A male student was visiting her. Bill wondered if he were excited by her sexy attire. When he left, Suzanne stripped off her miniskirt and displayed all of her shapely legs! Her low neckline gave an enticing sample of her C-cup tits. The bodysuit snapped together at her crotch! Bill was honored that she felt comfortable to display and even show off her lovely body to him. He had all evening discreetly to ogle her, while she pretended not to notice and enjoyed feeling desirable to her friend's attractive husband.

When they went to bed, he thought what a waste it was for this sensual, sexy woman with a body made for making love to being sleeping alone. Like Jane, she was Catholic and may have felt bound by doctrine to abstain from sex before marriage. As Bill lay next to his wife, in spirit he visited Suzanne, like an incubus.

As they left, after hugs and kisses, Jane invited Suzanne to visit and stay with them.

"You could be a second wife to Bill!"

Suzanne laughed, being somewhat used to her friend blurting out surprising statements. Bill was dumbfounded.

Nevertheless, Suzanne decided to visit them the following month. Like Jane, she was 26, but still a virgin. Suzanne considered getting on the Pill, but the Church forbade any contraception except the "rhythm" method, and being on a contraceptive might lead to violation of the taboo on premarital sex. Jane requested that she bring the sexy outfit in which she had entertained them, knowing it would please her husband. She mentioned that a few women in their apartment building sunbathed out back in bikinis.

Suzanne arrived in the afternoon. Jane cooked a fine supper for them, and they drank a bottle of wine. They recalled experiences they'd shared and laughed a lot. When they got ready for bed, Suzanne casually let Bill see her in a pale blue shortie nightgown that showed off her legs and breasts. He almost forgot which bedroom to enter.

The next day, Jane encouraged Suzanne to don her bikini and sunbathe out back.

"Bill can rub lotion on you. I'm sure he won't mind!" Jane laughed.

Jane placed a bath towel on their bed for Suzanne to lie on and discreetly left the room. Suzanne felt embarrassment and excitement. Bill rubbed lotion caressingly over every inch of her bare flesh. When she turned over, she saw that Bill had a hardon for her. It was natural, she thought, and she realized she'd have been disappointed if he weren't aroused by seeing her almost naked and touching her all over. She closed her eyes in surrender to the sensual pleasure of his hands caressing up and down her legs. Each time his hands neared her vagina, she held her breath until they moved down away again. He took plenty of time, obviously enjoying his work. His hands explored her belly, her sides and all around the cups of her bikini top. She felt him even caress the exposed tops of her breasts! She felt a moistening of her sex.

Bill carried a lounge chair out for her. Sue was lying out in her bikini, also.

"Sue and Suzanne, you'll remember each other from our wedding." Bill said and left them.

Sue's eyes widened when she learned that sexy Suzanne was staying with Jane and Bill. She evaluated Suzanne's body and marked her allure. Suzanne was shapely and very sexy!

"You got good coverage with lotion, Suzanne."

"Bill applied it."

"I'll bet he didn't mind doing it!"

"I didn't mind, either!" Suzanne archly parried Susan's jab with a smile.

Now, Susan was really jealous and resolved to invite Bill to rub lotion all over her body when her competition had left the field! Comparing figures with Suzanne, she conceded Suzanne's larger breasts and less inhibited sensuality. Suzanne obviously enjoyed displaying her charms to Bill and having an excuse to let him feel her up! How generously was Jane sharing her husband with her best friend?

She told Ingmar about Jane and Bill's sexy company.

Ingmar said, "Bill's lucky! He began marriage living with two pretty women, and now he's starting another threesome! I asked him how often he claims his marital privileges, and he said every day or night. At his age, he can take turns, having Jane one night and her friend the next!"

"Oh, you dirty-minded lecher!"

"On the other hand, one woman can satisfy several men, but one man can't satisfy several women. When I was in grad school, I was invited to some faculty parties. You wouldn't believe how a few drinks loosened up some of those middle-aged faculty wives and gave them an excuse to do what they wanted to do anyway!"

"And did you fuck any of them?"

"One night, I sat on a couch between two of them, who were competing for my attention by displaying their charms: negligently letting their skirts hike up and their cleavage show. I felt them up, and they felt me up. Their husbands were busy drinking and talking literature and philosophy. They didn't seem to notice when I took one into a bedroom, satisfied her and then took the other one to bed also."

"That's what I get for marrying an older man, who was married and divorced!"

"You weren't a virgin when we met, not at 26, even if you are Catholic!"

"I did a few wild things. I haven't been a virgin since I was 18."

"When you were in the Peace Corps in Africa, did you ever let a black man fuck you?"

"Oh, god! Would you be jealous or excited? Next, you'll ask me how big his cock was!"

"So you really did get fucked by a black buck! Was he primitive?"

"I didn't say that, and I can't help what you imagine! So, do you really want me to go down to Bill in my bikini, when his two women are away, and ask him to rub lotion all over me?"

"I think it would be very exciting for both of you. Then, you could tell me every detail of what he did to you, and I'd be very excited, too."

"How far should I go?"

"Test your womanly powers."

Ingmar liked to "egg on" people, dare them to do something, and then sit back to watch the consequences, which could be very entertaining.

"Do you think I can't excite Bill to have sex with me?"

"You think you're sophisticated, but you're still something of a prude, a conservative farm girl. You wouldn't dare submit to a conquest."

"Don't be sp smug! I might surprise you!"

I dare you to try. If you succeed, I'll reward you."

"How?"

"By giving you an especially good fucking, myself!"

"I thought so, rewarding yourself!"

"For my sacrifice of sharing you."

"If your scheme is to get Bill to swap wives with you, don't bet on Jane cooperating! She saves sex for love and marriage."

Ingmar smirked, thinking of Bill living with Mary for 6 months and now having another comely woman living with him, two women again competing for his attention.

"Jane is on the Pill. Suppose I get Bill heated up and ready to take me. Then, I say, 'Wait, do you have a condom?" and he hasn't one. What then, if I'm heated up, too, and want him inside me?"

Ingmar had two children by his first wife in Sweden and then got a vasectomy. Susan decided she didn't need a contraceptive, and Ingmar, like most men, abhorred putting a plastic barrier between his bare cock and the woman's juicy cunt.

"You complain that I can't impregnate you and claim you want a baby. How much do you want one?"

"You think I'm just bluffing about wanting a baby!"

"Babies are a lot of trouble! You have to spend 18 to 21 years raising them, and you have your teaching and scholarly career."

"Are you daring me to prove I want to have a baby? Are you suggesting that you don't mind if another man impregnates me? Why don't I just get inseminated by an anonymous donor?"

"Test tube baby-making is too impersonal. Children should be conceived during passionate lovemaking, or at least during an orgiastic frenzy of coupling! The woman should be orgasmic when she receives her lover's sperm."

"Why Bill?"

"He's my best friend here, the best man at our wedding. It's the best man's job to fill in for the groom."

"How cute, Bill filling in for you by filling me!" Susan jeered.

"If I'm willing to make the sacrifice of sharing you, I should be able to choose who impregnates you. Also, you and Bill are friends. You can progress from platonic friendship to intimate relations. However, you are reserved and rather cold. Bill didn't even kiss the bride; he probably felt a chill from you. You're too inhibited to seduce him."

"Those are nasty things to say about me!"

Susan was angry and determined to warm up to Bill, even if she needed a few drinks or a tranquilizer to do it! Perhaps, her manner was partly Ingmar's fault: some of his professorial dignity and intellectual snobbery had rubbed off onto her. Now, he was even growing a beard!

*

Jane said to Bill, "I feel sorry for Suzanne! She's lovely and sexy! She should be made love to! Would you mind if I shared you with her? She's my best friend, and I want her to enjoy making love."

"Are you serious? Have you asked her about this?"

"Not yet. Are you willing?"

"I find her very sexy and desirable. If you both want me to make love to her, I'd find her irresistible!"

Jane went into Suzanne's bedroom.

"That's a very pretty, sexy nightie! I know Bill appreciated seeing you in it!"

"I like Bill more and more. I feel comfortable with him and you. He's good for my morale. I like knowing he finds me attractive. I hope you don't mind."

"I don't mind! I'm glad when other women find him attractive. You are lovely and sexy! You should be appreciated. You should be making love tonight!"

"Jane, I'm embarrassed to say, I'm still a virgin, supposedly waiting for marriage!"

"I wasn't a virgin when we married. I gave myself to Bill about three weeks before we married. It was a very romantic night when we were stranded in a motel by the weather! I don't believe in some of the Church's doctrine, including contraception!"

"I'm glad you had such a romantic night! I don't accept every doctrine, either!"

That night, Bill fucked his wife like a man inspired by the sexy visitor in the next room, in bed wearing her skimpy nightgown. Jane began to scream, tried not to, but couldn't help it! Then, she thought it might excite Suzanne, who lay awake wondering how it felt to make passionate love and wishing she could enjoy such ecstasy.

The next night, Jane came to Suzanne's bedroom again.

" I want to share Bill with you, if you are interested."

"Jane, are you sure? I thought you were joking about my being a second wife to Bill! Wouldn't you be jealous? What does Bill think?"
