 Bonita and I have worked together for over a decade. During this time we have become the best of friends. Despite the fact that I frown on workplace romances, I couldn't help but fantasize about Bonita on a regular basis. 

She has an incredible body. Her boobs are lusciously large with forever protruding nipples. She often goes without a bra in the summer while wearing flimsy thin silk tops. Her ass, which see keeps concealed in her skin tight jeans, is perfectly shaped. I love to look at her panty lines and try and guess what colour they are. But the thing that drives me absolutely wild is the way her jeans or shorts are always riding up the crack of her pussy.

Bonita is a very flirtatious girl. She's always talking about how much she enjoys sex. I remember one time when she was having trouble with her boyfriend so I told her she should withhold sex from him until he smartened up. She quipped back that that would be a punishment for her, not him.

Bonita's my right arm. We work very closely together. We've often travelled together on business trips. Although nothing sexual happened on these trips, there was always a certain mood of sex in the air.

One weekend in December we were having our annual sales meeting. We flew in all our sales reps from across the country. It was casual Friday at the office so I brought a suit in to change into at the end of the day. We were going to have a big dinner for everyone involved at a local restaurant. Then suddenly at around 4:00 pm there was an accident on the street and a truck struck a hydro pole which left us in the dark. 

"I know you need to change for the meeting," stated Bonita. "Why don't you just come over to my place since I live so close."

We drove separately over to her place and parked in the driveway.

"You can use the upstairs bathroom while I go to my room," said Bonita as we walked in her door. "Thanks a lot for this," I said as I walked up the stairs.

I was standing at the bathroom mirror with the door open putting on my tie when Bonita came in holding up her dress. It was a short strapless velvet dress with silver appliqués around the top hem. Bonita looked like a million bucks. 

"Could you help me do up the clasp," Bonita said in an almost pouty school girl tone.

"If it were up to me I would much prefer to take it off you than to help you do it up," I half jokingly stated. 

She slowly turned around and seductively placed her cheek against mine. Then she whispered into my ear. 

"Thanks for the offer but I don't think we have time for a proper fuck. How about a quick blowjob and you can cum on my tits." 

With that she stepped back and dropped her dress to the floor. There she stood, my long time fantasy, in nothing but a strapless black lace bra, matching panties, black garter and lace stockings. Bonita's body was even better than I had imagined. It was perfectly proportioned. Her slender neck pointed down to her succulent tits which led down to her small and supple waist. Her curvy hips helped to accentuate her tight and shapely ass. 

The material of her panties was wedged inside her pussy which looked ever so slutty. I was in heaven. She reached behind her and undid her bra letting it fall to the floor on top of her dress. The reaction from my cock was immediate. I don't think I've ever been so hard, so fast. Her boobs were incredible. They were big and firm and beautifully shaped. Her rosy pink nipples were large and erect. I'm sure I just stood there with my mouth hanging open for several minutes.

Bonita then knelt down on her knees and began to undo my pants. I quickly reached down to help her.

"Just relax and let me do the work," she purred.

She pulled my pants and underwear down and took hold of my cock with her left hand. She opened her pouting luscious lips and guided my hard-on straight into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the head of my prick as her hand worked up and down my shaft. She gently played with my balls while she sucked and licked my saliva covered cock. 

While she was giving me the best blowjob of my life her right hand was tucked inside her lace panties rubbing her pussy to the same rhythm as the hand on my cock. Bonita was incredible. She would suck my cock against the inside of her cheeks. As they collapsed from the sucking action, her cheeks would envelope my prick like a warm wet blanket. She sucked me so hard that I could feel my cock pulsate in her mouth.

After about 15 or 20 minutes the excitement of the situation was starting to take its toll on me and I couldn't hold back any longer. 

"I'm gonna cum," I yelled. "Make sure you miss my face and hair," she panted. "Aim for my tits," she begged.

"Oh my god Bonita here it cums," I squealed as I let go a huge load of cum that landed directly on her tits. To add even further to my fantasy she scooped up some of my cum from her boob and licked off her fingers with her lovely long tongue. I was spent. 

Then Bonita stood up and took my hand in hers. She placed it on her lace covered pussy. "Feel how wet I am," she cooed. 

I couldn't believe it. Her pussy juice was actually running down the inside of her thighs. I begged her to let me look at her cunt but she told me that the anticipation would give me something to think about during the evening. Boy was she right. She did let me wipe up the rest my cum from her tits. They felt wonderful. I could only imagine how good her nipples were going to taste when I feasted on them later.

By this point we were running late. We quickly got dressed and headed off to the restaurant. All the way there Bonita kept running her left hand up and down my thigh while she teased her nipples with her right. I nearly drove off the road twice.

Once we got to the restaurant the evening was pretty much as usual. Bonita flirted with my suppliers while I shmoozed with my reps. The only difference was that every time Bonita and I were together we would give each other a sort of knowing glance. 

When we sat down to dinner, Bonita sat next to me. This wasn't unusual so I didn't think anything about it. By the time we were ready for desert we'd all had a bit to drink and Bonita was getting a little more daring. 

"Would you mind getting me a tissue from my handbag," she asked very innocently.

When I opened it up I realized it was stuffed with her panties. I almost spat my wine all over the table. She had her hands under the table and she gently reached for mine. Very carefully she guided it under the hem of her dress and allowed me to play with her pouting pussy. It was wet and sticky from her own juices. I played with her clit for a few minutes but we were both getting too excited. I didn't want to get caught by my other guests so I decided I'd better remove my fingers from her love button. 

The waiter brought the deserts to our table and we all started to eat. Every once in awhile I would glance down and see Bonita with her left hand up her dress. Then she offered me a taste of her chocolate mousse. Since I love chocolate almost as much as sex I eagerly agreed. To add to my excitement she removed her finger from her pussy and dipped it into her mousse. She then placed her finger in my mouth for me to lick off. I could taste and smell her delicious cunt as she took her finger from my mouth.

After the dinner we jumped in my car and headed back to her house. I telephoned my wife and told her I was staying at the hotel given the lateness of the hour. This had happened before so no suspicion was aroused.

"It's awfully dark out," Bonita said coyly. "I could play with myself right here in the car and no one would notice." 

She put her feet on my dash and spread her shapely legs wide open. She hiked up her dress and started to masturbate her pussy. The fact that it was too dark for me to see her pussy only added to erotic excitement of the evening. She was quietly moaning away as she worked her hands in and out of her cunt. Bonita started talking dirty to me. 

"I can't believe how hot my pussy juice is. It feels like lava flowing from a volcano. In fact, if I keep fucking myself with my fingers I think I'll erupt right here in the car. I can't wait until your cock is in here instead. Judging how big it was when it was in my mouth, I think it might be a tight squeeze. Of course as I always say, the tighter the better."

Bonita's running account of her masturbation was driving me wild and she knew it. She reached over and rubbed her hand on my now rigid pole but she wouldn't take it out. 

She panted, "If you're going to be a volcano like me then I want your eruption to be in my pussy. At least your first one, that is." 

She started to shake and her legs began to quiver. I knew she was about to cum. A few more strokes and the flood gates opened. 

"I'm cummmiiiiinnnnnggg," she squealed in sheer delight. "You can actually see it flow out of my pussy."

She showed me her hand which was dripping in juice. I took it into my mouth and gave her fingers a tongue bath. Her cum was heavenly and Bonita was a goddess.

By the time we got to her place we were both ready, willing and more than able. We raced inside and hurried down the hall to her bedroom. 

"Put your panties back on and let me undress you myself," I told her.

With my back turned to her she slipped her panties back on.

"OK," she said, "you can turn around. Now rip my clothes off and please, please, DON'T be gentle."

I got down on my knees and started at her feet. Her 4" high heels were first to go. Then I inched my way up her legs and slowly removed her stockings. The tops of them were wet from her earlier explosion in my car. I then stood up and undid her dress. I eased it over her tits and slowly let it fall to the floor. Then I undid her bra and let her boobs spring out. Her nipples were pointing straight at me as if to say, "eat me". I did just that. I took one of them into my mouth and sucked it like a popsicle. I then bit it gently

"Oh my god," Bonita moaned. "I'm so horny that the slightest touch of your tongue makes my pussy drip with pleasure."

Finally, I knelt down in front of her and eased her panties down her legs. She stepped out of them and I tossed them on the floor with her other clothes. Her pussy was as beautiful as I had imagined. It was covered with light brown wispy pubic hair that was neatly trimmed and wet. I placed a kiss on her mound and let my tongue dance around the folds of her cunt. 

Bonita fell back onto the bed and opened her legs as wide as possible. Her pussy lips were pink and full. She took her hands and pulled them open to give me a full view. I'd already had desert at the restaurant but I had to have more. I ripped off my clothes and dove onto the bed head first. I nestled my mouth between her legs and started to probe her pussy with my tongue. She tasted wonderful. Her slit was juicy and her clit was engorged. I flicked my tongue against the hard little nub and it drove Bonita wild. I loved to eat pussy and hers was no exception. 

"The more you lick my slit the wetter I'm getting," she panted.

The wetter she got the more she squirmed. I feasted for only 15 minutes when she let go with an orgasm that filled my mouth with her cum. It just seemed to shoot out of her like a tap. I lapped at her pussy to get every last drop which definitely kept her hot and wet.

"I can't believe I have this much juice in me," she panted. "But I hope I haven't run dry just yet."

"So, do you want another blow job or do you want to do some serious fucking?" she asked.

"We have plenty of time for oral sex later so why don't we go for the good fuck," I responded breathlessly.

We decided to start out with me on top. Bonita reached down and took hold of my cock. She guided the head to her aching pussy and I entered her slowly. Inch by inch I eased into her sopping wet cunt. The warmth and tightness of her slit was entrancing. Once I was all the way in I started to pump in and out with slow rhythmic strokes. Each time my cock withdrew from her pussy I could see Bonita's juices glistening on my shaft. She was starting to moan in a light, almost purring way. As I got more comfortable with my rhythm I started to pump her even harder. After about 10 minutes of being in her slick pussy Bonita pulled back. She flipped over onto her elbows and knees and pointed her gorgeous ass in my direction. 

"Fuck me doggie style", she begged. "Slip that cock into my wet pussy and let me feel your balls slap against my ass."

She didn't have to ask me twice. I took both my hands and pulled open her cunt lips. She was so wet that my dick slipped right in with ease. I moved my hips back and forth as I pounded her pussy. Bonita thrust her ass to meet my every stroke. I leaned over and grabbed a hold of her hanging tits. Her nipples were as hard as bullets. I pinched and tweaked them as I fucked her from behind. Bonita reached back between her legs and rubbed feverishly at her clit. We were really in a groove. 

"Fuck me harder," she pleaded. "I'm gonna cum. Don't stop. Here it cums. Oh my god I'm cumming," she screamed.

Her body started to shake and she thrust herself even harder. She finally exploded. A wave of cum seeped out her pussy and ran down both our legs. We were insane with ecstasy.

"Lay on your back," she commanded, "I want to sit on your face."

She straddled my head with her knees and sat on my face. Her pussy lips were easily opened with my probing tongue. I could taste her cum as it ran out and smeared on my face. I lapped up as much of her juices as I could. She tasted wonderful. As I ate her cunt she leaned back and rested her ass on my chest. With her left hand she took hold of my slick cock and pumped it up and down. Bonita was ready for more. 

"I'm ready to fuck your hard cock again," she told me.

I pulled my tongue out of her slit and she moved back and impaled her pussy on my throbbing dick. She leaned forward as she humped her pussy on my prick. Her boobs were dangling in my face. I took a nipple in to my mouth and sucked on it with great vigour. I gently bit them until they were bright red. She squeezed her arms against her tits which caused a heavenly cleavage to appear. I noticed that the skin of her boobs was smooth and sensitive as I continued my assault on her nipples.

Once I'd finished my feast, Bonita swung around on my cock like a pivot. With her back to me she pumped her pussy up and down on my hard-on. Her sexy ass was in my reach. I stuck my finger in her pussy and coated it with her juices. I then started to push it into her ass. This seemed to surprise Bonita. 

"With all the great sex I've had in life," she panted, "I've never had a cock in my ass."

"If you want to give it a try it'll be a first for both of us," I replied.

After greasing up my hard-on with some vaseline I had Bonita lay on her left side in the fetal position. I did the same thing behind her. With my right hand I pulled her ass cheeks apart and nudged my cock against her rectum. I slowly started to inch my way into her ass. It took quite a while to get it in but I was very gentle. Once she was over the initial pain, Bonita started to moan her approval. I began to pump her in and out to a slow but steady beat. She responded by moving her ass to the same movement. Then she really started to get into it. We tried out several different positions.

"I can't hold back any longer," I said breathlessly. "I'm going to cum soon."

She begged me to slip my cock into her pussy so I could fill her with cum like I promised. I did just that. Bonita laid on her back and I got between her legs. I gave her pussy a few good licks with my tongue and then I slipped my cock between her folds and buried myself to the hilt. Bonita bucked her hips to my every thrust until I unloaded a fountain of cum deep into her pussy. When I pulled out Bonita told me to look carefully. She began to squeeze her cunt muscles so tight that my cum started to run out of her pussy. She would scoop it up with her fingers and lick it with her tongue. Everything she did was incredible. I'd never had such great sex.

Bonita and I laid in bed for about an hour to try and regain some energy. She wanted more and I wanted to give it to her. Bonita rolled on top of me and we got into the 69 position. She gently took my cock into her mouth and licked the head around and around. It wasn't long before I had a raging hard-on. 

While Bonita worked on me I started to work on her. Her pussy was only inches from my tongue. I took a really good look at what lay before me. It was gorgeous. Her pussy lips were parted a bit naturally and her clit was slightly exposed. The juice from her cunt made her slit glistened with moisture even before my tongue made contact. I let my tongue move up and down her crack with a gentle flicker. I pulled her closer a began to suck on her clit. It was getting larger and started to protrude even further from her cunt. Bonita reacted favourably as she started to buck her hips from the intense pleasure. 

"Don't stop licking my pussy," she begged. "I want to cum again on you face."

I ate and ate and licked and licked until I could sense that she was close to cumming. Then I firmed up my tongue and pounded it in and out of her cunt like a cock. That did it. A wave of cum spurted out of her pussy and into my mouth. She tasted great.

I still had a raging hard-on to be tended to, but Bonita had a game in mind. 

"Do you mind if we play a little role type game," she said coyly.

"Sounds great," I said, "just what did you have in mind?"

She asked me to put on my pants and shirt. While I did this, Bonita got dressed herself. She put on a white lace bra and a pair of matching panties. She buttoned up a peach coloured blouse and slipped into a pair of skin tight jeans that rode up her slit. She looked hot. Bonita took my hand and led me down the hall to the kitchen. 

"Okay, sit here and pretend that it's your desk at the office," she asked. "The object of the game is to have you call me into your office and act mad about something."

I knew where this was going and it was turning me on as well. I picked up the phone and pretended to buzz her office. 

"Bonita," I said sternly, "I need you to come to office right now."

Bonita seductively walked into the room. With a her lips pouting out she asked me, "Is something wrong, sir."

"Despite my earlier complaints the filing is still backed up," I scolded.

"I promise I'll do a better job if you give me one more chance. I should point out however that your not utilizing all of my talents and there are other jobs I could do.

"Just what do have in mind?" I asked.

She shut the door and walked around to where I was sitting. The next thing I knew she was on her knees undoing my pants. Although I pretended to protest, we both knew I would give in. She open up my pants and took hold of my still hard prick. She leaned over and wrapped those pouty lips deep down on my shaft. Then with expert finesse she started to suck my cock like it was her last meal. It was hard to hold on but I wanted it to last. 

After about ten minutes she stood up and unbuttoned her blouse. Without taking it off, she pulled her tits out of her bra and let them pop out of her shirt. 

"Would you like to undo my jeans and pull them down to my knees," she begged.

"No problem," I responded.

Even though I'd seen it all, my hands were shaking in anticipation. I pulled her jeans down and stared at her lace covered pussy. The sight was mesmerizing. Bonita pulled the material aside and I gave her cunt a few good licks with my tongue. She pulled her panties down to her knees and knelt down again. 

"Do you want me to take off your clothes completely?" I asked. 

"No," she said, "I like to look like a slut."

She looked up at me with her big blue eyes and shyly said, "I want you to cover my face with cum. That's my biggest fantasy." 
