 Author's Note: I wrote Hurricane Season in the first person, but it was not about me. Two days after Hurricane Season appeared on Literotica, Hurricane Irene (which was already a powerful hurricane when I began writing Hurricane Season) hit us much harder than anyone expected. I am writing this for my husband, Will, who is staying at home with no power while I stay at my parents' house with our kids. The power company thinks it will be two more days before we have electricity, so I'm hoping to finish this in time for Will to read it on his iPhone. Alone. In the dark. 

Hurricane Irene- The Truth This Time

Vacationing at the height of hurricane season is always a risky venture, but it's usually worth taking a chance. We watched the tropical updates very closely in the weeks before our cruise, knowing that it didn't matter what the forecast was until it actually happened. It was only a four night cruise, so we were really worried that it would be cut short. 

Our kids were going away for a week with my parents, so we had spent a good chunk of the summer discussing our own getaway. We went back and forth between simple and extravagant. Camping in Gettysburg? Weekend in Vegas? Disney World without kids? Camping in Myrtle Beach? New Orleans? A cruise? 

The more we talked about a cruise, the better it sounded. We weren't originally planning a "second honeymoon", but I guess that's really what it was. Our real honeymoon was in 1996 in Cancun. One of the best things we did was go snorkeling with a disposable underwater camera. 

In 2006 our basement flooded after record rainfall for our area. We lost everything we stored there, including our washer and dryer (expensive, but replaceable) and our honeymoon pictures. We didn't have digital copies of anything before 2002, so they were ruined and gone forever. 

We decided on a four night cruise from Miami to Key West to Cozumel, back to Miami. I don't relax well, and I was looking forward to checking out the laid-back attitudes of Key West and Mexico. We booked a snorkeling excursion in Cozumel, and decided that we'd just have to replace the ruined pictures with new ones. 

~Thursday, August 18: Miami~

We set sail in Miami with no reports of tropical activity in the Caribbean or the Gulf of Mexico. We had already had a couple of tropical drinks, and the hot, humid air on the Lido Deck sent us back to our cabin for swim suits. Will went into the bathroom and I started to take off my traveling clothes. I didn't hear him come out of the bathroom as I pulled off my bra. He snuck up behind me and cupped my breasts from behind. "Hey, you scared the crap out of me," I squealed. 

He put his lips to my neck as he rubbed the palms of his hands over my nipples. I felt his cock poking my back because he hadn't put his swimsuit on yet. "Mmmm," he moaned into my neck. "Maybe we should skip the swim."

"No way! We have all night for that. I want to go to the pool," I replied as I grabbed his cock behind me and gave it a couple of strokes, just to be a pest. He retaliated by pinching my nipples hard, which lit a fire between my legs and made me squirm. "C'mon," I said. "Get your suit on."

*****

After dinner we headed straight to our room, despite our desire to check out the entertainment on the boat. We were both exhausted since we hadn't slept well the night before in anticipation of our trip, and we had gotten up at 3:00 A.M. to get to the airport on time. I was expecting at least a quick roll in the hay before calling it a night, but I think Will was sleeping as I kissed him tonight. I was disappointed, but I was sound asleep before it mattered. 

~Friday, August 19: Key West~

I woke up before our alarm. In our inside stateroom it was completely dark. I couldn't tell if it was the middle of the night or the middle of the day. A glace at the clock told me that there was plenty of time before our Conch Train tour of Key West, so I reached over and started rubbing Will's thigh lightly. The morning was working in my favor, and I didn't have to do much to encourage his already standing cock. I slipped my hand into his boxer-briefs just as he was starting to wake up. 

"Good morning," he mumbled. "What time is it?" 

I stroked his cock a little as I said, "It's time for a blowjob."

"Oh," he said, as I slipped his underwear down to his knees. He kicked it off the rest of the way, and I climbed between his legs. I lowered my head to take him into my mouth, and he stopped me. He slid my nightgown over my head, to allow access to my tits. I hadn't worn panties to bed, so I was naked as I settled myself back between Will's legs. 

This time he let me lower my head all the way to the tip of his cock. He was very hard by then, and I licked my lips when I saw the pre-cum pooled in his slit. I brought my tongue just to the very tip of his penis. I tasted the warm, salty drop, and allowed it to sit on my tongue for a minute. I smiled slyly, and said, "Mmm. Breakfast."

He lifted his hips a bit to bring the head of his cock to my lips. I rubbed it along my lips, feeling the pre-cum slide over them like salty lip gloss. I left it there as I slowly lowered my mouth to meet his hips. I didn't stop until my lips were against his shaved skin, his cock sliding into my throat. I tickled him with my nose, then pulled back even slower, feeling the silky skin of his cock sliding along the pre-cum on my lips. 

He said, "We're going to miss our tour if you insist on blowing me in slow motion."

I bit him gently, just below the head of his cock, then sucked him back into my mouth, quickly this time. I began fucking his cock with my mouth at a much faster pace. My head moved up and down into his pelvis. My tongue licked the entire length of his cock with each bob of my head. Back and forth, up and down. The pace was frantic, and I was beginning to tire. He was starting to moan, and his hips were bucking in time with my mouth. I felt the head of his cock swelling, so I kept going. His cock was reaching farther and farther to the back of my mouth, so I couldn't reach the head with my tongue anymore. His whole cock felt thicker as his orgasm approached. 

"I'm gonna cum in your throat," he grunted. "Here it comes. Here it comes. Ugh. Ugh. I'm cumming. I'm cummmmmming. Uuggghhh."

He spurted his cum so far back in my mouth, I could hardly taste it. When he relaxed and the flow of cum finally abated, I lifted my mouth off his cock, and let his cum run over my tongue so I could taste it. I swallowed and quickly kissed him, hard, on the lips. I poked my tongue into his mouth, so he could share the taste of his salty cum. 

He said, "You really give an amazing blowjob," as he twirled my hair. "My turn," he announced and swapped places with me on the bed. 

No sooner had I spread my legs, when we heard the knock. "Room service," the man called from the hallway.

"God damn it," I cursed. "Just one quick lick." Will stuck his tongue out and flicked his tongue over my pussy. The man knocked again. Will threw on the white terry cloth robe from the closet, while I slipped into the bathroom. 

"You're mine when we get back on the ship, you know," Will whispered just before he opened the door.

"You got that right," I said loudly from the bathroom as the man brought the tray into the room.

*****

Key West was really nice. We started our morning with our Conch Train tour of the island. I had been looking forward to that. I know I'm a nerd, but I enjoy an educational vacation (as I said, I don't relax well). We hopped off the train at the stop closest to the Southernmost Point in the US and explored that area a bit. We stopped at the Southernmost Beach and put our Southernmost feet in the Southernmost water. We hadn't been to the beach for over a year, so we listened to the waves and the sea gulls and held hands and kissed a little bit. 

We got back on the train and finished the tour. When we arrived back at the first stop, we poked through a couple shops, bought pirate t-shirts for our kids, and walked to Sloppy Joe's Bar. I enjoyed the anecdote about Hemingway on the menu. We didn't tour his house, but I was about a hundred pages into For Whom the Bell Tolls, downloaded to my Nook for my trip to Key West.

It was just after eleven in the morning, but we ordered a margarita to share. We took the opportunity to check facebook on our phones and laughed while we read our friends' status updates to each other. Our margarita lasted only minutes, so we ordered some frozen rum drink. A guy we went to high school with had written a Haiku about the margaritas he had consumed on his vacation the night before, so I answered with my own. 

Eleven A.M. Captain Morgan for breakfast. Five o'clock somewhere.

We shared another drink or two, listening to "youngsters" sitting at the bar, talking about the girls they had met the night before. I was tipsy enough to enjoy their loud exploits for a few more minutes. We finished our last drink, and headed back to the ship. 

*****

Since we were drinking in the morning and all, we headed right to the Lido Deck for the lunch buffet. It was ungodly hot in Key West, so we changed quickly and took a swim. Bobbing is the salty pool with the ship rocking, surrounded by other couples with their arms wrapped around each other was surprisingly erotic, so I found myself "accidently" brushing my body against Will's. I was so ready to be fucked, I began to hope that Will would stick his finger into the crotch of my bathing suit to feel how wet I was getting. 

We were planning on a late night, since we wouldn't dock in Cozumel until the next afternoon. When we got back to the room, we opted for a nap instead of sex, followed by showers and getting dressed for Elegant Night. We watched the sunset from the Promenade Deck, had formal photos taken, ate lobster and drank chardonnay for dinner, then headed to the late (R rated) show. 

After the musical revue we tried to catch the comedy show, but it was completely packed. We ended the night with one, last drink at the cigar bar. The Latin band was playing salsa and merengue music, and we sat at the bar watching the Spanish-speaking couples dancing. I love that Hispanic men will get on a dance floor and just let loose. I wish that Will and I could do those sexy dances. It's like having fully-clothed sex in public. We watched until the cigars were overwhelming, then we headed back to the room.

It was late, so we didn't waste any time shedding our elegant attire. We let it drop to the floor and embraced in the middle of the mess. We kissed a little, our tongues tasting like the cabernet sauvignon we ended the night with. I lay back on the bed, spread my legs all the way apart, and said, "Eat my pussy. Now."

Will didn't waste one second. Before I even got comfortable, Will's tongue was dipping in to take a taste. I felt his lips, gently kissing me, and his tongue beginning to work its way around my pussy. He started with my outer lips, which I had shaved in preparation for our trip. "Mmmmm," I moaned quietly. I felt his tongue pushing into my vagina. He pushed it in and out a bit. "I need your fingers in my pussy," I demanded. He gave his tongue a few more thrusts, then replaced it with two long fingers. 

His tongue moved to my inner lips as his fingers swirled around on my g-spot. I moaned, louder this time. He reminded me that there were people rooms on three sides of us, and that we could hear people walking through the hallway. I tried to reply, "They're drunk, what difference does it ma-ake?" He hit my clit with his tongue for the first time just as I finished speaking. I grabbed his hair and said, "I don't fucking care. Just lick me."

He licked me. A little slower at first, then speeding up a bit. He started by lapping his tongue up and down first on one side of my clit, then on the other. His fingers were still swirling on my g-spot, so I whispered, "Circles with your tongue. Please."

I felt the whole lower half of my body heating up as my orgasm started to build. He moved his tongue faster and faster, the closer I got. I could feel the wetness dripping from my pussy as he withdrew his fingers. I felt empty and disappointed until I felt one finger brush my anus. He continued licking while he waited for my response. "Yes. Stick your finger in my ass," I said, just loudly enough for him to hear it. I felt the pressure as his finger began to penetrate my ass. Anal play has been a major turn-on for me for a long time, and feeling his finger sliding in and out of my ass was bringing me close to cumming. 

He continued swirling his tongue around and around as I clamped my asshole around his finger. He whispered, "You want two?"

"Ooohh, yeah. Two is good," I moaned, even louder than before. Feeling that second finger pushing hard into my ass brought me right to the brink. My feet were flexing, and I was thrashing my head from side to side. I said, "Here it is. I'm gonna cum. Keep licking my clit. In circles. Shove your fingers in my ass. Fuck me with your ..." 

That was it. I sucked in a huge breath as my orgasm peaked. I held my breath until I felt the blood rocketing away from my clit, back to the rest of my body. Then I started yelling, "AAAAHHHH. Aaahhh. Oh my God. Fuck that feels good." Will continued licking gently and he left his fingers in my ass until I finally quieted, relaxed, and took a deep breath. He slowly withdrew his fingers, and kissed my pussy several times with his soft lips. 

He brought himself up to kiss me on the mouth, and I could taste myself on his lips, something that took me a long time to actually enjoy. He said, "Don't fall asleep. We're not done yet," and he walked to the bathroom to wash his hands.

When he returned to the bed, I was already starting to doze off. He said, "I guess we can wait until tomorrow." 

I said, "No. Fuck my pussy." I was lying on my back, and he was on his side, behind me. He draped my legs over his, and pressed his cock to my opening. 

"I could take your ass with my cock right now, and you wouldn't have the energy to do anything about it," he teased. 

"Not tonight, honey," I mumbled, half-asleep. "Just fuck my pussy tonight." 

As he entered me from behind, we both moaned a little. He said in my ear, "This will not take long. I've been semi-hard all day."

"Me too," I replied, even though it didn't make too much sense.

He fucked me hard, and it felt really good. It was the fullness I had been looking for all day. I bucked my ass back to meet his thrusts, and after a couple of minutes, he slammed into my pussy, and started moaning loudly. I felt his cock twitch in my pussy as he unloaded his cum into me for the second time that day. 

We were both spent, even before he was finished. We kissed gently, then rolled over to go to sleep, his cum spilling onto the sheets.

Since there was no Weather Channel on the ship, and we weren't paying for wi-fi, we had no idea that Tropical Storm Harvey had sprung up off the coast of Honduras and Nicaragua, just south of Cozumel.

~Saturday, August 20: Cozumel~

It rained most of the time we were in Cozumel. We had overheard at breakfast that Tropical Storm Harvey would be making landfall in Belize that day, so we weren't surprised that it was raining. 

Our first excursion of the day was snorkeling with our own underwater digital camera (as opposed to the disposable we had 15 years ago). We were with an instructor for a while, so we didn't connect too much then, but afterwards we had some time to explore on our own. 

That was probably the highlight of the trip. We swam together, pointing things out to each other. We took pictures of us underwater, and generally had a really good time. Except for the rain on our backs as we swam along the top of the water, it was just like snorkeling on our honeymoon.

On the way back to the ship, we sampled some tequila in the duty-free shop. Will loves tequila. The very first time I got drunk, other people (including Will) were licking, slamming, and sucking some cheap Cuervo. I was more violently ill that night than ever before or after. The next morning all I could smell was tequila, and I wasn't even drinking it! 

Just the smallest whiff of tequila would nauseate me for years afterward. 

(As a side note, I'd like to point out that on our 10th anniversary trip to Disney World, I had the best margarita of my life at the restaurant inside of the Mexico pavillion. Months later, I actually called to speak to the bartender to see what was in that margarita. He informed me that it isn't the quality of the tequila that matters. It's the Grand Marnier. That margarita started a quest to find better and better margaritas, and my aversion to tequila was finally exorcised.)

*****

Our second Cozumel excursion was a sunset catamaran ride with all the margaritas we could drink (which was a lot, by the way). Despite the rain, this was a great party. Again I marveled at how the African American men and the Mexican crew would just get up and dance. On this boat it was only the caucasians that stood watching, which made me wonder just what the hell is the matter with us. 

I stood videotaping the Cha Cha Slide, the Macarena and other dances, knowing my daughter would love to dance along at home. 

Suddenly Will looked toward the west and said, "Look." The sky had cleared a bit, just in time for a beautiful pink sunset. Everyone on board took turns taking pictures of the other groups with the sunset and the beautiful ship in the back. It was one of those cool moments of bonding with complete strangers, and Will and I left the boat with a warm-fuzzy feeling. 

We had gotten through Tropical Storm Harvey with just some rain. I finally began to relax thinking, "The tropics can do what they will. We've got one more day at sea and one more day at the beach in Ft. Lauderdale. We're good." 

Our trip may have been good, but that was the day Tropical Storm Irene was born, just to the east of the Windward Islands. 

~Sunday, August 21: Fun Day at Sea~

You would think that having an anal fetish would mean that anal sex is a regular event in our sex life, but that really isn't the case. Anal sex is like "special occassion sex", and I guess a 15th anniversary is a special occassion. 

I got up early that day, so I headed up to the Lido Deck to have coffee and a croissant with my Nook. I sat down at the table by myself just as the sun popped over the horizon. I sat there for about 20 minutes and didn't touch my book. The canteloupe color of the sunrise and the sapphire blue of the water completely distracted me, and as far as moments go, that one was pretty close to perfection.

This is the part where I just have to say that my husband is awesome. For our anniversary he gave me a massage and facial appointment at the ship's spa. I finished my coffee and headed to the spa. For over an hour I lay there while Mathilda worked the stress out of my muscles and treated the bags under my eyes (too little sleep, too many margaritas, and not enough water had taken their toll). I left the treatment room feeling relaxed and happy, and the woman at the desk told me that Will 

would be waiting for me at the lobby bar.

He was, and he ordered a Bloody Mary for me. We walked to the dining room for a fabulous breakfast.

After breakfast we spent some time way up on the top of the ship, reading our books. That is something that we don't get to do together too often. It was truly relaxing, and a high point of our vacation. 

We did some other fun things that day- Bingo (we didn't win), an art auction (we can't afford art, but there was free champagne), and a martini-tasting. By then I was feeling that "peaceful, easy feeling" that the Eagles sing about. Peaceful and easy became hot and bothered, so we headed back to our room to have a little more cruise nookie. 
