 My name is Ted, and it was nearly twenty-five years ago when all of what I am about to describe happened. I was a naive 20 year old college student of average appearance and not exactly what would be described as a chick magnet. I stood 5'8" tall and weighed in at about 155 pounds. No one was going to mistake me for Robert Redford, the male sex symbol of the day, and I had virtually no sexual experience, at least none that involved another person.

I was working in the sporting goods department of a well-known department store to help offset the cost of college. I worked a pretty limited night and weekend schedule, enough hours at just over minimum wage to have a little money in my pocket, but not enough hours to interfere with my class work. Although I would interact with a few female customers in my job, they were always there shopping for their man, so I wasn't even given a second look.

The next department over from mine was housewares. A cute 19 year old girl, Linda, worked the same schedule as me in housewares, and we got to be friends pretty quickly. We often were called upon to work together to cover each other's department when the need arose. 

Linda stood about 5'4" tall and weighed maybe 110 pounds. She had shoulder-length red curly hair and looked a little like Ann-Margaret. I was not a great judge of proportions, so I had no idea what her measurements were, but she later told me they were 36-25-35. Linda had been the object of many masturbatory fantasies, but given our respective appearances and the fact that she had recently started dating the quarterback at the local college, I was pretty confident that I would never see her naked. That is until one Sunday afternoon about a year after we started working together.

We closed at 6 p.m. on Sundays, and the store was usually dead the last hour or so. Linda had acted strangely the whole day, staying away from my department most of the time and not really talking with me, and I had no idea why. Finally, about an hour before closing, I asked her if everything was all right or if she had a problem, and she mumbled that everything was fine but then quickly changed the subject to something work-related. 

About 30 minutes before closing time, Linda came to my department with a pensive expression on her face. She came right up to me and said, "I am taking a really big risk by doing this, but . . . ," and handed me a folded up piece of paper. She immediately walked back to housewares as I opened what turned out to be a handwritten note. The note said:

Ted, My problem is you. Lately I have dreamed about you and have wanted you. I have these desires often and am frustrated by them. Linda

My heart nearly beat out of my chest, but my brain went into panic overdrive. How could this goddess even know I was alive much less "want" me? Why me, of all people? What does she mean she wants me? Finally, I awoke to the realization that I had absolutely no idea what to do. I knew, though, that I had to let her know as soon as possible that the risk she had taken would pay off as her note had found a very receptive audience.

I decided to go talk with her. I approached her, and she still had the nervous look on her face like maybe she had screwed up and ruined our friendship.

I held up her note and said, "That's not the problem. The problem is that I feel the same way."

She smiled, which caused me to smile.

We chatted for a few minutes about everything and nothing at all and agreed to close our registers and walk out together when the store closed.

About twenty minutes later, I closed my register. My hands were shaking as I was anxious and nervous and excited all at the same time. I desperately wanted to be with Linda and hoped I wouldn't screw it up.

I walked over to her department as she was finishing closing up. When she was done, she said there was something she wanted to show me in the store room. I had no idea what it was but followed her anyway. At that moment, I would have followed her anywhere. I admired the curve of her ass in a pair of light brown slacks as she led the way.

When we got there and the door closed behind me, she walked up to me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me like I had never been kissed before. Our tongues battled for position as the kiss continued for several minutes. As we broke, I realized that I had the biggest hard on that I had ever experienced. I am sure she felt it against her leg and had a huge smile on her face. She clearly liked the effect she had on me.

We headed to the store office, and I held my money bag in front of me so no one could tell that my cock was hard. We tried to act nonchalantly as we said goodnight to everyone and walked to the parking lot. 

When we got to her car, it was time to really talk, or so I thought.

"I am supposed to meet Chris in fifteen minutes, so I don't have much time," she started, indicating her QB boyfriend.

"I kind of figured," I said. Knowing that we did not work together again until the next Thursday night, I asked, "Can I call you tomorrow?"

"I have classes all day, but have a break for lunch from one to two. Can we talk then?"

I readily agreed, and we arranged for her to call me the next day.

I didn't sleep more than a few minutes that night. My excitement was only matched by the amount of blood that would not leave my cock. I must have jerked off three times but it simply would not soften.

The next day at the appointed time, my phone rang. It was Linda. We reiterated what we had shared the night before and agreed that we needed to figure out how to make it work. We traded comments about how much each of us wanted to be with the other, but she confessed that she did not want to hurt her boyfriend. I wasn't as concerned with him as I was with the prospect of finally losing my virginity and doing so with this amazing girl. 

We were clearly in lust for each other but knew it could be tricky since we worked together. We couldn't tell anyone because the company had a no fraternization policy. Also, what if we started dating and broke up – how could we work together? We agreed to take it slow, but the one thing that was clear was that we would at least try to figure out a way to be together.

Over the following weeks, we spoke every chance we got. As time went on, the talk turned more and more sexual but not exactly dirty. When we worked together, we would occasionally go to the store room to sneak a kiss. Unfortunately, we still had not done anything other than kiss, although I longed to caress her breasts and see every inch of her (what seemed to me to be) amazing body. She still had not broken up with her boyfriend which concerned me.

Finally, one Tuesday about three weeks after we started this dance, I had only a 2 p.m. class. At about 8:30 a.m., my phone rang. I was startled awake by the ring and surprised to hear her voice on the other end of the line. I knew she had classes all day.

"Can I come over," she asked.

"What about your 9 o'clock class?

"I want to see you. Can I?"

"Absolutely." 

I had no idea what she had in mind, but I had the apartment to myself all day. I was nervous because I had never been with a woman. Would I be able to get a hard on? Would I be able to keep it hard? Would she think my 6 inch cock was too small? Would she like my body? What was I supposed to do? I had read what seemed like thousands of Penthouse Forum letters and had an idea about foreplay and oral sex and intercourse, but I was a novice. What did you say? What order did you do things in? Would my ineptness give away my inexperience? How embarrassing that would be. Finally, I decided all of this didn't matter because I had a good chance of finally seeing a woman naked and maybe even getting to have sex with her.

Fifteen minutes later, the doorbell rang. I casually opened the door, and there she stood, wearing a long-sleeved polo shirt and jeans. I was still wearing the tee shirt and shorts I had slept in.

I invited her in, and we sat side by side on the couch in the living room. She explained that she had driven to class but just couldn't get me off her mind. Then we kissed. And kissed. And kissed. I hesitantly reached over and cupped her left breast and, meeting no resistance, put my hand up her shirt and caressed her breasts through her bra. Being inexperienced, I tried to get my hand up under her bra, not realizing that there really was no access from that direction. So, I retreated and resumed playing with her breasts through her bra. They felt amazing, probably a C cup, or at least I thought they felt like the C cup-sized breasts I had seen in all the magazines.

"Where's your bedroom," she asked. So, any doubt was seemingly removed.

I grabbed her hand and led her to my bedroom. We fell together onto the bed and resumed kissing for a few minutes. Then she stood up. "Uh oh," I thought. "Have I screwed this up?" Then she crossed her arms, reached down and grabbed the bottom of her polo shirt, and began tugging it over her head. There she stood in white lacy bra and jeans. Her bra-covered breasts were as full and amazing as I had imagined. I decided to match her step-for-step and pulled my tee shirt over my head.

Next I thought I was going to hyperventilate as she reached behind her back and started to undo the clasp on her bra. As it fell away from her body, the most magnificent breasts I had ever seen came into view. They were perfect, and I wanted to grope them until she made me stop. Luckily I restrained myself and waited for her next move.

She unsnapped her Levi's and slowly worked them down her legs. White frilly panties came into view. A hint of pubic hair was revealed. I wanted to match her move, but my shorts were all that I was wearing. I decided to remove my shorts when she removed her panties. What a thought, a woman was about to remove her panties right in front of me.

I didn't have to wait long. She reached down and slipped the tips of her fingers into the sides of her panties and slowly moved them down her legs. In almost all of the stories I had read, the women always turned their backs when they did that. Not Linda. She was watching me as much as I was watching her. I reciprocated and removed my shorts, hard on now in plain view. As she straightened up, a lovely red landing strip (a term I didn't learn until much later) came into view. In all of the magazines, I had never seen anything other than the typical triangle shape of pubic hair and was fascinated by hers. I also found myself thinking, "she's a natural red head." Don't ask me why -- I was mesmerized. 

She was more beautiful than I had imagined. How was I so lucky that I would get to be with her?

We lay down together, and resumed kissing. I couldn't restrain myself, though and gently caressed one of her ever hardening light pink nipples. I leaned down and took one into my mouth and slowly licked around the areola. While that was going on, she reached her left hand down and grabbed my hard cock firmly, slowly stroking up and down. "Oh, my God," I thought. "If she keeps that up I am going to cum really soon." To distract myself, I reached my left hand down and ran my fingers through her light tuft of pubic hair and then carefully inserted two fingers into her sopping wet pussy. She moaned.

In her next breath, I heard her say, "I want you in me." She apparently had had enough foreplay and was ready to feel my firm cock between her legs. Worked for me. Although she had the most amazing full lips that I would love to have felt wrapped around my cock, I really longed to know what it felt like to have my cock engulfed by a warm and wet pussy.

I straightened up and tried to aim my cock toward her hole. Given my inexperience, I really didn't know what I was doing. Luckily, she was very excited and her nether lips were open and welcoming. I slowly and easily slid into her and felt the wonderful embrace that only a vagina can provide. I was in nirvana. 

I was concerned that I would cum really quickly. Fortunately, we found a nice easy rhythm. Linda must have sensed that I didn't have much experience and did everything she could to ease me through the process. Although we did not discuss it, I was reasonably confident that this was not her first time.

After what seemed like an hour of heart pumping effort, Linda began panting even harder and exclaimed, "I'm cumming. Oh, my God, I'm cumming." Not thirty seconds later, I could feel the welling up in my scrotum and grunted, "Oh yes," several times, as I joined her in orgasmic release.

We lay there for several minutes as my cock slowly returned to its flaccid state. We kissed, and I rolled off of her and lay beside her.

"Wow," she said. "That was amazing."

"You're amazing," I said.

"We need to do that again. Many, many times."

And we have. Last month we celebrated our 23rd wedding anniversary. By the way, her lips were as amazing as I suspected.