 I am making preparations to meet your flight. You've been gone three month and tonight will be one that neither of us will ever forget. It's 6PM and your flight arrives at 7:18PM. I am soaking in a warm bubble bath, slowly running the razor over every inch of my glorious legs, ensuring my mound is as smooth and soft as velvet.

I go the extra mile, knowing how much you love a clean ass. I slowly pump warm water, mixed with your favorite apple flavored massage oil between my ass checks and feel a wonderful tingle shudder through my loins.

As I dry off, I slowly insert my favorite Ben Wa balls that I've had soaking in warm apple flavored oil. They easily slip past my hot moist lips and I smile as their warmth fills my loins. Then I put a foot on the sink counter and pull anal beads from the warm oil. I watch in the mirror as each bead slowly disappears between my soft firm cheeks. They fill that hole with a warm glow and I grin, imagining you gently tugging each bead out with your teeth. I know in my heart you will appreciate all these painstaking preparations.

It's 6:30 PM and naked, I walk downstairs to begin preparations for the sensual feast I have planned. On our granite countertop I put a bottle of my favorite Chardonnay on ice and set a bottle of Dalmore, your favorite single malt scotch, next to it. A wine glass, scotch tumbler, plate of chocolate covered strawberries, and a bottle of apple massage oil complete the place setting. Satisfied, I walk to the hall closet and grab my overcoat to cover my soft , smooth, glowing nakedness, then hop into the car.

As I slide into the seat of the Pacifica, my pussy and rear end tingle, as the balls shift ever so slightly and a warm gush of juices flow from my lips. As I back out, a warm drop slides from the bottom of my vulva and slowly work its way into the crack of my hot ass. I have to hit the brakes and shudder with a micro-orgasm. I wonder if it's safe to navigate freeway traffic with all these wonderful sensations coursing through me?

As I cruise the arrivals lane I see you and can tell, by the bulge in your pants, you are looking forward to the reunion as much as me! I hop out and discreetly open the overcoat as your arms engulf me. I rub my nakedness against your hard body, giving an extra thrust with my pelvis against your throbbing penis. I slip away with a sly smile, wrapping the coat around me, enjoying this risque public display of nudity. Then I hop in the passenger seat. 

As we merge onto the I-5, I open my coat and show you my luscious glowing body. You slowly take in the full scope of my painstaking preparations, then give me a warm smile and wink of appreciation. As you gaze at my smooth glowing mound, I spread my legs, so you can see the Ben Wa string, then wiggle my hips suggestively and give a low sexy moan. 

As your eyes widen, I tell you, "Get those eyes back on the road!"

When you exit onto the side streets, I take a small bottle of oil from my jacket pocket, fully recline the seat and slowly, drop by drop, drip oil across my body, starting from my full round breasts, down my belly, and ending at my smooth mons pubic mound. I take your hand and help you help rub the oil in, starting with my breasts. As you get close to my mound I turn on a tiny clitoral stimulator and slip it into your hand. I smile, as you make the turn onto our street and firmly hold the stimulator against my clit. 

Eventually I shudder in full orgasm and lay, legs spread eagle, basking in the jello-like feeling. I stare at the ceiling for a full minute, as you gaze at me basking in post orgasmic bliss. 

Then you break the moment and ask, "Where's the garage door opener?"

I then realize I've been fully exposed in our driveway for the last few minutes, with your vibrating hands between my widespread legs. Embarrassed, I secretly thank god we have high hedges!

As you pull in the garage I shrug out of my overcoat and exit the car completely naked. The soft light of the blinking garage light reflects off my oily body, giving you strobe-like glimpses of my voluptuous, glistening body. I walk quickly and purposefully ahead of you, knowing you are admiring the rhythmic flexing of my hard, round ass cheeks. You curiously follow me as I beeline to the kitchen. As you walk in, I am stepping from one of our barstools, completely naked.

I lay back, legs ever so slightly spread, on our cool granite countertop and in a lusty voice, I say, "Dinner is served."

You can't help but stare, in deep worship of the sexual goddess laying before your eyes. You reverently pour me, your goddess, a glass of my favorite Chardonnay, take a chocolate covered strawberry and gently offer it, placing it between my full lips. I close my eyes and sensuously suck in a mouthful of cool, sweet and juicy chocolate/strawberry mixture. A small drop begins to roll down my cheek and you lean over to lick it away, ending with you lips over mine, tasting the wonderful chocolaty remnants of the strawberry. Finally, you offer me a sip of wine and I moan as the cool wine fills my mouth and slides down my throat. 

You place the wine glass where I can help myself, then you move to the freezer door and get two ice cubes from the dispenser. You spread my legs wide, pull up a barstool between them and sit down. You rub each cube between the glistening lips of my labia and then drop each one into the scotch tumbler. They are noticeably smaller after that brief contact with my burning pussy lips!

You fill your tumbler with Dalmore and say, "You are incredible! I've been craving a meal like this for months. Thank you!"

"You're welcome," I murmur in reply.

"Ahhh, Dalmore, on a barstool, inches from a dripping, shaved pussy. Life doesn't get any better", you say, as my pussy twitches inches from your nose. I know you can feel the heat and smell my musky wanton need!

"Dig in, my ass and cunt are the main course!" I excitedly reply, as I watch as you take another long sip. I see the tension of the flight drain away. 

"Daddy's home and he's starving," you say, spreading my legs even wider and forcefully pull me to the edge of the granite, I gasp as you raise my legs high in the air and run your tongue over the smooth rosebud between my soft butt cheeks. 

"What's this," you ask as your tongue discovers the string of anal beads? 

"Give it a tug and find out", I giggle in reply. 

You gently tug on the bead string with your teeth, I moan as they begin to pull on the walls of my sphincter muscles. You spend a few seconds teasing, pulling just enough so they begin to emerge from my smooth hole, then letting them slip back in, all the while rubbing your nose into my throbbing clit. As I begin to shudder in orgasm, you ram your tongue in my hot bottom and feel my sphincter convulse around it in wave after wave. 

As you pull your tounge out, I moan as you say, "I love the apple taste of your hot, tight, warm ass!"

I smile, knowing you appreciate the efforts I took to turn my bum into a hot sweet appetizer! 

Then you add, "The beads stay, they will come out later. Right now I'm craving a juicy, dripping fish taco!"

You lower my cheeks back to the cool granite and take another deep swig of scotch as I slowly come back to earth, sipping my chardonnay.

You take a strawberry and gently rub it over my moist hot lips and I begin to moan again. You rub it slowly from the bottom of my lips to my throbbing clitoris. First, the chocolate is lubricated by my juices but after a few minutes, my burning pussy lips begin to melt the chocolate and the juices mingle. Chocolate glistens all along my lips and the juices blend together. You pop the berry between your lips and savor the complex mixture of flavors mingling with the subtle aftertones of the Dalmore. You then enthusiastically lick the sweet mixture of chocolate pussy juice from my lips, finishing with extra special attention on my hard throbbing clit. 

As you feel me begin to cum, you slowly pull on the Ben Wa balls until my contractions shoot them into your waiting mouth. 

"Nice catch," I mutter as you drop them in the scotch tumbler.

I then jump off the countertop, frantic to feel your throbbing cock!

I start tearing your shirt off with an urgency I hadn't anticipated. I free your cock and in one smooth motion, swallow the shaft until my chin rests on your balls. I slowly slid it from my throat, then look up and smile, knowing you love to look into my eyes as your cockhead fills my mouth.

I then have you stand on the step stool that I know from previous experience puts you in perfect position to ravage my pussy with deep long thrusts. Before I jump back on the counter, I stop to lick a small drop of precum off the tip of your hot swollen penis. You smile as you watch me savor that small taste of something I've been craving while you were gone. 

"You want me to shoot this big load down your throat?" you ask as I feel you start to frantically thrust deeper into my mouth.

In response, I jump on the counter, lay back, legs spread wide and wrap them around you. With a hard tug of my ankles I pull you forward and impale myself on your hard hot shaft. I spread my legs wide as our urgency quickly builds and your thrusting begins to take on that savagely rhythmic beat we both love. As your rock hard cock begins to swell and fill every inch of my tightening pussy, we both begin to moan as our orgasms take us over the top.

As my last shudders of orgasm subside, you pull out and see loads of cum beginning to ooze from my lips and remember it's been weeks since I've had that special dessert. As a final gift for all the work I've done tonight, you bend over and lick all that cum oozing from my swollen cunt. From my puckered asshole to my throbbing clit you lick it all up. Then, you quickly lock your lips over mine and let your hot, salty load fill my mouth.

I smile in appreciation as you quickly drain your scotch, retrieve the Ben Wa balls in your mouth and replace them in my still throbbing pussy.

"It's nice to be home," you say.

I reply, "Get upstairs where you're going to pull those beads out of my ass, tongue me till I cum and then stick that hot cock up my butt till I shoot those balls out my pussy again!"