 My names Heather I'm twenty eight years old, married to Doug who is thirty years old and we have had a very satisfactory and enjoyable sex life for the past six years. However my life and experiences in this area have changed since I started an affair with Tony my boss about three months ago. 

During my time with Tony we have taken opportunities to engage in sex whenever possible. This has led him to call me his 'little nympho'as he say's that I am always horny and ready, which, after considering how he has made me feel, is probably quite true and has led to a couple of unusual but exciting occurrences recently.

Two weeks ago it was my twenty-eighth birthday and Tony informed me that he had a special surprise in store. On the Tuesday, the day before my birthday, he told me that the following morning he didn't want me to come into the office but that I should meet him at a hotel in town at nine o'clock. I went home that evening and wondered what he had planned for our day.

The following morning I arrived at the hotel at about five-past nine, a little late, and found Tony in the lounge. We ordered coffee and he asked if I was curious as to why we were meeting so early. I jokingly said that anything was possible knowing him. He told me it was a birthday treat and surprise and that he was testing to see how much of a 'nymph' and how horny I was. I was intrigued and excited by what he'd said but also a little apprehensive. He then showed me a newspaper page with a red circle on it and I read what was inside it. 'October 10th, one day only, 28 year old lady requires gentlemen for company and fun, phone *********** for an appointment.' I was a little amazed and Tony could see the look of surprise on my face. He informed me that it was in fact about me and that he had placed the ad. He'd done it to see what my reaction would be and he told me there'd been quite a good response, which he'd dealt with as my 'agent'. He wanted to know how I felt. I told him I'd been caught unawares but that seeing the ad and knowing there'd been response made me feel quite horny. He wanted to know if I was willing to continue with his plan.

I wanted to know a little more before agreeing to anything and asked Tony to expand on his idea. I was told that he had lined up three appointments for me during the morning. I would meet the selected gentlemen in a room he'd booked at the hotel. I would take the phone (in the ad) up to the room with me and the 'clients' would confirm their appointment with me. I would arrange for them to meet Tony first, in the lounge and he would give them the room number before sending them up. He would then ring me to say they were on their way. It had been made clear to them that I wasn't a call girl or escort and that no financial transaction would take place. I must admit that the more Tony explained the hornier I was getting. I questioned him a little and he admitted it was something he'd like me to do and after a little reflection I decided to go along with it.

Tony was happy and I was excited about what might happen. At about half-past nine he sent me up to room 275 having told me that everything I'd need had been taken care of and that the first appointment was scheduled for ten o'clock. He sent me off telling 'Anna' to enjoy herself as this was to be my name for the morning. I reached room 275 and went in. It was a large room with a king-size bed, separate seating area with sofa and easy chair, a shower room and separate W.C. Laid out on the bed were three outfits one each in red, black and lemon and comprising of bra, panties and matching hold up stockings. They were lying on a white satin robe along with a pack of condoms in a variety of colours. It now really dawned on me what I had agreed to do. I was a little apprehensive but was being driven on by lustful thoughts which increased my state of randiness and I thought that perhaps Tony was right about me being a 'little nympho'. I got myself undressed and selected the lemon outfit, just putting it on increased my horniness. I tidied everything into drawers and the wardrobe, put on the robe, sat in the easy chair and awaited a phone call.

I jumped a little as the mobile rang and I answered it a little nervously "Hello."

"Hello. Is that Anna?"

"Yes," I answered hesitantly, I wasn't used to answering to Anna.

"Hi. My names Rob and I've made an arrangement with Tony to visit you at ten. Is it still O.K?"

"Yes that's fine. You'll find Tony in the far corner of the lounge. He's wearing a pink shirt and will be working on his laptop. He'll give you my room number."

"That's great. I'm looking forward to meeting you."

"I'm glad to hear that. I'll see you soon." I pressed the end call button. It was now all happening and I was feeling a little nervous but very excited at the same time. Shortly after the phone rang again and I answered "Yes."

"Anna Rob's on his way up," came Tony's voice. Then the phone fell silent.

I stood up and ensured that I looked alright and that my robe was closed. Eventually there was a knock on the door. I took a deep breath and walked towards it "Yes! Who's there?" I questioned.

"It's Rob to see Anna," came the reply. I turned the door handle and opened it.

"Hi Rob, come in," I said as he walked into the room. I closed the door behind him and followed into the room. "You found me then, no trouble?"

"Not at all. Tony gave me your room number and here I am."

"Here, take off your jacket and sit down, make yourself comfortable," I continued as he removed his coat and moved to sit on the sofa. "Can I get you a drink?" I asked.

"No nothing for me," he replied. "You certainly look as good as Tony said you would."

"Thank you," I replied.

"I'd hope to see a lot more of you," he carried on.

"I'm sure we can arrange that. Would you like to go to the bathroom to get ready?" I suggested.

"That's a good idea," he said as he stood up.

"It's the second door," I directed and I heard the door close behind him. He was certainly a good looking guy and around about my age I guessed. I removed my robe and shortly afterwards Rob emerged wearing only his black boxer briefs.

"Wow! Just like a lemon sherbet one of my favourite sweets," he commented on seeing me.

"You approve then?"

"Oh yes!"

"Where do you want to begin? In here or on the bed?"

"I'd like to undress you then take you to bed."

"Be my guest." Rob came over and stood behind me. He unclasped my bra and eased it off before he reached round and cupped my boobs. 

"Lovely firm tits and hard little nipples," he commented as he squeezed my boobs and nipples. He then moved round in front of me, lowered his head and sucked and licked my nipples. I felt his hands slip inside my panties, at the back, and he gently kneaded each buttock before moving his hands down, whilst squatting in front of me, slipping my panties downwards over my legs to my ankles before I stepped out of them. "Nice trimmed pussy, I'd like to take a closer look," he said taking my hand and leading me to the bed. He sat me on the edge before easing me on to my back. Kneeling down on the floor he used his hands to ease my legs open. I assisted him, ensuring I was spread wide, allowing access to his head and more importantly his tongue. He started to give me a very good oral seeing to probing into my love hole and licking my slit and clit.

"Do you want me to suck your cock?" I enquired.

"I'd love you to," he replied, standing up and removing his briefs. I could see that he had a good looking, slightly above average sized, circumcised cock, even in its flaccid state. "If I lie down you can get on top and we can 69," he suggested. He lay on his back and I followed his instruction straddling my pussy over his mouth and began to lick up and down his cock. I took the head into my mouth with my hand around his shaft and I could slowly feel him swelling and becoming hard. He continued licking and probing my pussy and I took more of his length into my mouth whilst tonguing him. As well as concentrating on my pussy he'd started to rim me, circling my puckered hole and probing. He returned to work on my clit, licking it and sucking it into his mouth. I knew I was satisfying him with my mouth and tongue as he was groaning in time to my actions. I knew that I was moaning my pleasure with the attention I was getting and it seemed to encourage him to sex me up even more. 

I could feel a wonderful sensation building inside me. "If you continue like that you're going to make me come," I said, having released his cock from my mouth. He decided not to stop and I was soon giving up my pussy juice for him to taste and savour as he brought me to a juddering orgasm.

"Mmmm you taste so good," he said after I'd stopped shaking. "You're good and wet now and ready to be fucked."

"Would you like me to rubber you up?" I enquired.

"That would be nice," he replied.

"Any particular colour," I asked jokingly as I rolled off him. 

"No you choose." I opened the bedside drawer and took put luck in taking out the first foil I could reach. I edged back towards him. I opened the packet taking the pink condom out carefully before stretching it over his cock head and rolling it down his still erect shaft. "Expertly done, you're obviously well practiced in the technique," he said light-heartedly. 

"How do you want me?" I said as teasingly as I could.

"I'd like to have you in missionary, to start," he answered. I moved up the bed and lying on my back, with my head resting on the pillow, I pulled my legs up whilst opening them as wide as possible signalling my readiness to have him take me. Rob repositioned himself kneeling between my legs. He hooked his arms under the backs of my knees, lifted my legs up until my calves were resting on his shoulders. I felt deliciously open and vulnerable like this and it felt wonderful when Rob eased his cock into my love hole. I was so wet and he easily worked himself up me until he was balls deep. "Anna you've got such a tight little coochie. It feels so good," he commented.

"It feels pretty good to me as well," I responded. I grabbed hold of his upper arms as he began slowly thrusting in and out of me. His incredibly deep thrusting was exciting me and being face-to-face meant we could nibble on each other's mouths which led to some deep kissing with tongues. I didn't think when I was considering taking part in Tony's plan, that I would be kissing any of my appointments but it seemed the natural thing to do given the pleasure that Rob was giving me. He just knew where and when to thrust and he had me moaning and purring to his strokes.

"How does that feel?" he asked after some time.

"Rob you're fucking me so good," I replied in between groans of satisfaction.

After shafting me some more he slipped his cock out of me. "I'd like you from behind, lets do you doggy" he said as he moved away. I rolled over on to my stomach and eventually got on all fours. Ron knelt directly behind me and fed his cock into me once more before starting to pump me again. He was holding my hips firmly as he controlled his thrusts perfectly. After a while I felt his hand between my shoulder blades pushing down gently. I knew what he wanted and I lowered my chest so that it was resting on the bed with my face to one side. He reached under me with his hand and his fingers located my clit and at the same time he started stroking harder but not quicker. The combination of his clit play and thrusting soon had me climaxing again. My legs were weakening and I slowly lowered myself to lay full length on my tummy with Ron still inside me. He started to pick up the pace of his thrusting and I soon felt and heard him shooting his load as he let out a long sigh and I felt his cock twitching inside me. 

He collapsed on top of me and we lay there without moving for a little while. His cock slipped out of me as it slowly softened and he rolled off me. I moved on to my side, reached down, and removed the condom. We were both looking at it as I squeezed the contents into the tip. "That's a good load you've released," I commented.

"You certainly helped. Thank you."

"No! Thank you," I continued. "You certainly serviced me well." We both gave a little chuckle.

"Looks like were both satisfied with our mornings work."

"I'd agree with that," I concurred. "Would you like a shower?" "That sounds good," he replied as he got up and made his way to the bathroom. I heard the shower come on and I got off the bed and put on my robe. Rob had a quick splash and was soon back in the bedroom fully dressed. 

"Refreshed?" I asked

"Very much," he answered as he put on his jacket. "I hope I can play with you again sometime," he said hopefully.

"That would be nice," I replied. "But you'll need Tony's permission if you're to have me again." 

"Is he your husband then?"

"No my husband doesn't know. Tony's my boyfriend and boss."

"You are a naughty one," he said rather cheekily. "Talking of naughty, I know you enjoyed being rimmed but do you take anal?"

"I do when the situations right," I explained. "Your cocks about the limit of size I'd take and you handled me nicely today so it wouldn't be a problem, but you'd need Tony's agreement, you've got the number."

"I certainly have. .....................thanks again," he said as he opened the door and went out into the corridor. 

As I closed the door behind him I thought about what I'd just done and realised there was more to come. It was five past eleven and I knew my second appointment was due in twenty five minutes. I removed my yellow hold-ups, picked up the bra and panties from the floor and stuffed them in a draw before taking a quick shower and getting dressed, in red this time. I put on the robe and waited for my next call.

Eventually the phone rang into life and I answered. "Hello."

"Err hello. Is that Anna?" a voice said, rather nervously

"Yes this is Anna," I responded.

"Oh good. I've got an appointment with you at eleven thirty."

"And you are?"

"Oh yes my names Jeremy."

"O.K. then Jeremy, you'll have to meet with Tony before you come and see me."

"Is he at the hotel?"

"Yes you'll find him in the far corner of the lounge"

"How will I recognise him?" Jeremy's anxious voice cut in.

"Don't worry you can't miss him he's wearing a pink shirt and will be working on his laptop"

"Yes I think I can see him."

"You're at the hotel already?"

"Yes. I didn't want to be late."

"Well go over and introduce yourself, he's expecting you and he'll give you my room number."

"O.K. then."

"See you soon," I concluded and terminated the call. It wasn't long before the phone rang again and I answered.

"Hi Anna, Jeremy's on his way. Oh! Don't worry he is eighteen," was all that Tony said before hanging up. I was now curious and apprehensive, at the same time, from what he'd said. It seemed considerably longer between Tony's call and the knock on the door this time. 

I went to the door. "Yes who's there?" I asked.

"It's Jeremy," came a faint voice from outside. 

I opened the door. "Hi Jeremy I'm Anna. Come in," I beckoned. I closed the door behind us and followed a fresh faced young man, who looked no more than sixteen, into the room. "Why don't you take a seat," I continued and Jeremy sat down rather hesitantly and perched on the edge of the easy chair. "Would you like something to drink?"

"A glass of water would be nice," he replied. I went to the mini-bar, took out fizzy water and poured him a glass. When I passed him the glass I could clearly see that his hand was shaking as he took it off me.

"Don't worry Jeremy or can I call you Jerry?" I said.

"No Jerry's fine," he replied.

"So Jerry just relax," I went on, taking a seat on the arm of the chair next to him. "Were both here to have an enjoyable time," I continued as I placed my arm around his neck and massaged his earlobe between my thumb and fore-finger. "Are you game then," I asked him.

"Yes," he responded with still an anxious tone.

"If you stand up we can start to get you feeling a little more comfortable," I suggested. I didn't know how exactly I was going to deal with him as he was obviously very inexperienced. "If you get out of those clothes and I lose my robe I'm sure we'll both feel a little more chilled out," I said light-heartedly trying to reassure him. He took my advice and undressed down to his boxer shorts. I'd removed my robe and was in bra and panties. I approached him and I gave him a hug and cuddle stroking my hands on his back and buttocks. He responded like-wise to me. "Why don't you remove my bra," I whispered in his ear. He unclasped it easily and removed it. He stood in front of me looking at my boobs, before reaching out and gently squeezing each one. "You can remove my panties next," I informed him. With a very light touch his fingers slipped into my waistband and slowly eased them down until, after a little shimmy from me , they were around my ankles and I stepped out of them. "My turn now," I said teasingly trying to maintain a relaxed air. I grabbed his shorts and pulled them down to his knees before letting them fall and he was soon out of them. "What a lovely cock," I said encouragingly. "Mmm nice and long and you're un-cut, my favourite." He smiled and gave out a little giggle. I think he was starting to loosen up a little. My comments were not just for his benefit; his cock did look good and was a good bit longer than average. I was surprised that he was still flaccid given his nervousness or was it because of it, were we going to have a problem. "Ready to play? Let's go to bed," I said taking his hand and leading him across the room.

We lay down facing each other. I leaned towards him and our lips met. I'd expected him to be quite uncontrolled when we kissed but he was measured and calm as he pushed his tongue into my mouth and played it around. I then felt his hand working its way between my legs, again in an unhurried way. I signalled my approval of his actions by slowly spreading open for him. He moved his body slightly lower so that he could observe what he was doing and view my open pussy. He may have been inexperienced but his touch was delicate and extremely arousing. "Do you like it?" I asked as he couldn't take his eyes away from sex.

"Yes, it looks fantastic. It's all pink and shiny."

"Would you like to taste me?"

"Can I?"

"Please do." He lowered his head and I soon felt his tongue running along my slit. He may not have been practiced but his intuition served him well. He was responding to all the little signals my body was sending out. My quiet moans of pleasure and slight twitching. Without any instruction he found my love hole and explored it with his tongue. He also discovered my clit and the effect he could have by licking and sucking it. "Jerry that feels wonderful" I said after some time. "But now I want to play with your cock," I told him. I got him on to his back and knelt alongside him. I wrapped my hand around his now semi-erect tool and slowly pulled his foreskin back, an act that always excites me whenever I do it, revealing his purple head. I stuck out my tongue and licked it all over. Jerry let out a subdued groan and I knew he liked it. I then took him fully into my mouth as he quickly hardened. He was long enough to touch the back of my throat, bliss. I was taking it very gently as I didn't know how long he would last. I then took him out of my mouth and slowly stroked him with my hand working his foreskin backwards and forwards over the head. I held a firm grip and eventually a small quantity of pre-cum oozed out of the eye. I bent down and licked it off. "Mmmm someone tastes good," I said giving him a big smile of approval. "Your cocks good and ready for fucking me now, are you going to?"

"Of course I am."
