 The Man

This was it. There was no turning back now. This would be Celeste's last great adventure before she turned 40. She should count this as an early birthday present, she thought, bemused. He was standing over her as she sat on the edge of the bed. He wore only a thin pair of silk briefs that stretched over his ridiculously tight ass and massive front bulge like a second skin. She was feeling a bit light-headed from the champagne, and her heart was beating decidedly faster now. She was feeling more and more powerless to call it all off, but why should she anyway? She knew what she was doing, and the sight of this glorious specimen of manhood made her feel alive with an overwhelming urge to feel his body in every way imaginable and unimaginable. 

Bracing herself with a shot of the last bit of champagne, she resolved to take all the pleasure this man could give her. She untied her robe and let it fall off her shoulders, revealing her imperceptibly quivering, naked body. At thirty-nine, she was still an exquisite woman, and she knew it. She wouldn't be in this hotel room with a man fifteen years her junior who looked like a sculpted Adonis if she was anything less than perfect herself. And she was. Every inch of her lithe, toned figure was absolutely perfect. From her unblemished smooth skin to her beautiful, soft, grey eyes shrouded by silky dark hair, and from the graceful arch of her back and sublime curve of her hips and supple derriere to her wonderfully formed round breasts with their sharply erect nipples, she was a vision that would melt any man to the quick.

But for all her confidence and experience, she couldn't help feeling a bit like the frightened adolescent deer in the wolf's headlights. After all, she had been married for 14 years, and she was on the verge of having her way with a personal trainer from her health club she had only known personally for a few weeks. This was the kind of thing that one read about, but never experienced. She laughed to herself when she thought about how cliched it all was: The tired executive trapped in a loveless, passionless marriage escapes to a night of wanton debauchery with a young stud from the gym.

But he was no ordinary young stud. In fact he was definitely exceptional, by any standard. This god with the perfectly proportioned, chiseled body, rugged good looks and easy charm had practically swept her off her feet and stirred an animal desire that she had never felt for a man before. He exuded a vibrant sexual energy, and she wondered how many hapless, dullard husbands or boyfriends had lost their women to his bed, where they willingly submitted to becoming his plaything for a night. She had heard all the rumors about him, and they made her excited and a bit afraid. Afraid the way an inexperienced teen might be just before losing her innocence to an older, more worldly man. But she was the older woman! Why should she be nervous? Perhaps because he had already claimed at least six other women from the club as conquests, one of whom was a friend of hers. The whispers about his size, his stamina, his sheer power in bed and the things that he could do to you and make you feel had made him practically a legend at BodyWorks. The management knew about his philandering but didn't seem to mind as it probably accounted for a good number of their female clients. 

Her story had started something like this. She had been watching him for about three months, just like every other red-blooded woman on site, when fortune brought her into the picture. Her friend Samantha asked her to lunch one day because she had something juicy to tell her. Sam asked her what she thought of Mick. She smiled and then Sam smiled back since she knew the answer. Celeste had heard that the two of them had something going on. Sam was unabashed about telling the whole sordid story. Apparently he had taken her to his apartment after her workout one night, where they proceeded to get extremely nasty. She outlined in graphic detail how they fucked for some three hours nonstop. Little did Celeste suspect what she would hear from her friend during the next fifteen minutes. 

"How many times do you think he came?" Sam asked with an almost evil grin.

"Are you kidding me?" Celeste said as she rolled her eyes.

Sam paused for a moment and spoke deliberately. "Six. He fucking came six times."

"You're making that up. A man can't do that. The most my husband could ever manage was probably three in about two hours," Celeste exclaimed.

"Six times," she repeated. "We're not talking about your husband or my husband or any of those limp wrists from the office. He's a sexual monster, insatiable. That night with him is probably the closest thing to a religious experience I'll ever have. It was the best night of my life."

"You're serious. You're really serious. My god, six times? I don't think I cum six times in a week anymore. Is there anything else?" asked a bewildered Celeste.

"Like I said, it was the most incredible sex of my life. He was like an animal and so was I. We fucked for hours, and he never tired out. He had me in every way, and I couldn't get enough of him. I actually had to call in sick at work the next day because I was so worn out from having that jackhammer of his rammed into me a few thousand times. He's a fucking incredible superman."

"Jesus," Celeste whispered. At this moment, she realized she was getting a little wet just from listening to this incredible tale.

"Something animalistic came out in me. I would have done anything he asked, but he didn't have to. I was doing things that I've never even imagined doing before, and the more depraved I got, the more excited I got."

"Depraved? Like, how depraved???"

Sam looked almost crazed now. "Like licking up his cum like a greedy slut and sucking his dick clean. Like getting fucked in the ass till I was in tears. Like licking my own juice off his dick after he made me gush all over him."

"Oh my god."

"That's nothing. A few nights later he called me up and I met him again. There was another woman waiting there with him when I arrived. I think you can probably guess what he had in mind."

"Oh Sam, you didn't did you?"

"I wasn't going to at first. But all he had to do was whisper in my ear that it was going to be even better than the last time and before I knew it the three of us were in bed going at it."

"Did you DO anything with her?"

"Well, first of all, I did have a lesbian experience once, so what was happening to me wasn't unprecedented. I guess I was a bit more willing that you probably would be. Let's just say that when we left about two hours later, everyone had gotten to know everyone intimately. I guess the moment when I realized all bets were off was when I found myself getting ready to lick his cum out of her ass. I was completely hooked on the rush of it all. She was a stunning woman, and Mick was still hard enough to already be back inside me again pumping away from behind, all the while whispering in my ear about how much I knew I wanted to taste his cum from her beautiful ass. Celeste, I didn't even hesitate. I licked her clean. And about 10 minutes later, she was returning the favor as she slurped him out of my pussy." 

Celeste sat stunned. Sam was almost panting. She suddenly seemed to realize where she was and sat quietly for a moment.

"Anyway, I'm telling you all of this because I think he has changed me. I've never felt so alive. And you should know that he has asked me about you," Sam finally managed.

"What?"

"He wanted to know if you're faithful to your husband. He thinks you're the hottest thing at the club, but he doesn't want to crowd you. I told him that he wasn't that considerate with me, but of course everybody knows I'm a slut."

"I can't believe we're having this conversation. You're talking about cheating on husbands and sharing your cum-shooting gigolo like it's some sort of casual transaction at the ladies' society."

"Hey, don't get uppity with me. You've had at least two affairs I know of, and you and Frank aren't in love anymore. I've seen you go through the motions for at least five years now. You're still beautiful and every girlfriend you have hates you for the way you still look. So what are you doing with it? You're married to a dull bean counter who doesn't have brains enough to stop counting his money and appreciate what he's got, or at least what he may have had at one time, because he surely doesn't have you anymore does he? I'm telling you this man is worth it. If he was a one-woman man, I'd drop everything to be with him-my husband, my career, my friends. I know it's so, so cliched, but he WILL make you feel like a new woman. I'm telling you this because he's got his sights on you, and I'm asking you to drop your hangups and conventions and live a little bit. You won't be sorry."

Celeste left the restaurant in a daze. She felt anger, mistrust, and apprehension, but also a tingling sense of wonder about this mythical man. "Who did he think he was?" she thought. When she went to the club a few days later, the first person she ran into was Mick. When she saw him in person again, she realized that Sam might not be exaggerating about anything. He was so gorgeous, and the way he was smiling at her made her feel like she too might do anything he asked. Tapping into a vein of courage and adventurous curiosity, she struck up a conversation with him for the first time.

Over the next week or so, she began to discover that he was more than just a pretty face and sculpted body. He had a rare combination of personality, charisma, magnetism and intelligence that almost made her feel like she might be falling in love. He was supporting himself as a personal trainer while working on a degree in business at NYU. He was comfortable talking with Celeste about his personal relationships and his love of women, and she soon found herself opening up about her loveless marriage and what she felt she was missing in her life. It didn't take long for Celeste to reconcile herself with the truth that she would not hold power in any kind of relationship with this man. This was a man who was worshiped by dozens, perhaps hundreds of women. He knew his power, and she now counted herself as a follower. By the second week and after few dinners, the cautious interest was giving was to a strong desire. Before long the desire was becoming obsession, and the obsession started to drive her to a near maddening distraction. But she still couldn't bring herself to make a grab for the pleasure she so desperately wanted, until that night.

She was finishing up her workout at the club, and he was spotting her. He was standing behind her holding her arms as she lifted weights. His mere touch was feeding her fantasies of all the perverse things she would do to him if no one else was in the gym. That's when she decided that she would stop daydreaming and do those things to him this night, tonight. Fed by a pure streak of selfish lust for the man standing behind her, she stopped lifting and put down the weights. She turned to him and reached out to grab his hands. She actually managed to take him by surprise. She was filled with an emboldened rush of purpose, and didn't even care if anyone was watching.

"I want you. TONIGHT", she said with a commanding edge on the last word. As she said the words, she led his strong hands to fall on her bare waist, just above her hips. She was shaking a bit now, and her stomach was doing flip-flops. 

He leaned closer to her and whispered, "Tell me what you want me for."

Gathering herself, she spoke with words of hot steel. "I want to fuck you. I want you to fuck me the way you fucked Sam."

"That's not what I had in mind," he answered calmly. Seeing the look of perplexity rising in her eyes, he continued, "Sam and I just had a few recreational evenings together. We didn't go nearly as far as I'll take you." His hands slid down to her spandexed hips.

"I see," Celeste smiled. "So you're promising me that you're going to fuck my brains out for six hours instead of three, is that it?"

"My philosophy is that every new fuck is a rich life experience. I live for twisting beautiful women around my dick and seeing what they do when I let go, and I don't take that experience casually. I only have two rules: I don't fuck any woman who isn't prepared to go the distance, and any woman I take will submit to me completely. I took Sam to the edge of her limits, but she did have her limits. And as I'm sure you know, I dominated her completely. I've had many women, and I know what women want and how to give it to them. I know you too. You're a deeply passionate but repressed woman with a soul like mine, yearning for new experiences of debauchery and abandon." He paused for a moment, then, looking intently in her eyes, he again whispered, "What I'm saying is that you're a dirty whore whose limits it would be thoroughly my pleasure to test. And if I think fucking you raw can push you past your limits then I'll put my dick into you like a fucking freight train." 

Celeste stood for a moment, a little weak in the knees and a bit bewildered by her unconditional surrender to this man whose intention was to have her as a piece of meat for his dinner. 

He smiled with a knowing look at Celeste. "I want you Celeste. I want your beautiful body and I want to dominate you to show you my power, but I also want your passion. I'm demanding it. I want to show you everything you've missed and for you to feel the exhilaration that comes from letting all your inhibitions go. Are you ready?"

Abandoning who she thought she was, she nodded eagerly her answer.

So here she was, with this Casanova who had already fucked her best friend senseless and was preparing to give her the same treatment. She was still nervous, but as she thought of her disappointment of a husband and of her yearning for the fulfillment promised by this man, she also realized that this man-god wanted HER and was most probably going to be able to uncover all the hidden base, carnal secrets inside her that she didn't even know about. Now a feeling of confidence began to rush through her. She felt her own power as she realized he had chosen her. She was being given a chance to be his equal, to take as much pleasure from the pure, raw sexual use of his body as he would surely take from hers. Was she lucky? Yes, but so was he, and she was going to show him just how lucky.

She slies off the bed onto her knees and reaches up to caress his stomach with her delicate fingers. She kisses him just above the waist, barely able to contain her urge to rip off the last piece of clothing between them. Her fingers hook his waistband and gently pull down. Inch after inch of his beautiful cock is unveiled. She let out a gasp when it finally pops out from the last bit of elastic constraint. She has never seen a cock this size before; it has to be nine inches long and the girth is impressive. She looks up and meets his eyes commanding her to proceed. She will obey without question, for she wis his woman now, all his. She confidently leans forward and gently kisses the head of his beautiful weapon. She licks her lips, and realizes that she is going to have the night of her life.

Not wasting any more time, she grasps the heavy, dangling instrument of her soon to be torture and ecstasy with her tiny hand and with a coy glance upward, slips the end of the pink rod of flesh into her mouth. Sucking his cock is thrilling. It gives her a heady sensation she has never known with another man. The more excited she becomes, the harder she envelopes the thick meat with her greedy lips and the harder she strokes. His cock is gigantic now, and rock hard. Her mouth is stretched open to engulf the growing circumference. Any lingering inhibitions are gone now, and she is working in a frenzy. Licking and sucking his dick and balls, she finally makes him moan. "You just bought your ticket," he grinned. "Your turn."

He picks her up, lays her on the bed and pushes her legs apart. She closes her eyes and waits. Then she feels it: his warm, wet tongue as it strokes her clit for the first time. Heaven. She opens her eyes to watch him as he seems to eat her pussy in slow motion, devouring it with his mouth and then licking up the wet reward. He is a connoisseur of pussy, and he is savoring every mouthful of hers. Now it's her turn to moan. His tongue, like everything else, is perfect for this kind of work. He is relentless in his attack, working her anatomy in expert ways that she would have thought only another woman could know. With her fingers running through his hair and his large hands palming her breasts, the pace is frenetic now and she has started to convulse. He works her harder still, eliciting whimpers and finally screams as her entire body seems to be quaking. "I'm cumming," she strains between fast breaths. And in a transcendent moment, she erupts. To her surprise and delight she squirts four or five jets of her cunt juice right on him. He greedily licks her pussy, hunting down every trace of her sweet nectar. He licks her clean as she lays writhing in pleasure, the convulsions ebbing as she regains her breath.

Not content to let her recover, he spreads her pussy with his fingers to make way for his engorged prick glistening with precum.. But she stops him, turns over and pushes him down. "Your turn," she lets him know emphatically. Now she is working his cock again, harder than before. With fierce tenacity she sucks him until he can stand it no longer. She has never tasted cum before. She really never had a desire to dabble in what she has always considered a distasteful side of sex. But now it's different. She is overcome with an uncontrollable urge to taste his raw power on her own lips. There is a hint of that girlish fear again, but her animal desire to feel his manly essence on her tongue is overpowering. It is her turn to feed. He sits up as she kneels beside the bed and strokes him to a explosion of hot creamy cum that shoots right into her mouth. There is so much that it fills her mouth and runs down her chin. She savors his salty taste and swallows, then goes back for more. Like an addict who can't satiate her hunger, she can't resist him. She nibbles and sucks the end of his cock like a voracious vacuum, coaxing the shots of jizz that are still in his shaft. When she's licked him clean, she looks him in the eyes as she wipes her chin and licks her fingers clean. 

Now she feels like the animal Sam talked about, free and hungry and unrestrained to do anything to feed the growing flames of lust that are consuming her. She jumps on top of him and rubs her slick pussy up against his more than receptive cock. It's only been about five minutes since this stranger spewed that wonderful, sinful load in her mouth, and he's already as hard as iron again. He smiles at her, seeming to know her very thought. "There's plenty more where that came from," he promises. She knows he's not boasting. But she also knows now that she just might be the woman to take him to his limit. She resolves that she will plumb the depths of her physical, mental, and emotional wells to make him go further than he has ever gone with any other woman.

She rises slightly until her delicate pussy lips are poised to kiss the head of the pulsing flesh below. Moving forward, she slowly puts her weight on his tip and lets out a groan of evil pleasure as his incredible, throbbing cock penetrates the tight, wet opening inside. His size makes her feel the brief pain of a virgin who is being invaded the first time, and in so many ways she never could have conceived, she really was a virgin, until now. Sliding deep within, he begins to slowly work the steel piston of this finely tuned engine the two of them have built. Her immaculate ass shakes beautifully as it bounces against him on each down stroke. The cycle is inexorable. On each up stroke, a well-greased rod reveals itself, only to disappear sooner and sooner each time into her depths. Like a muscle car ramping up the rpms, the rhythm gets faster and more determined as they both lose themselves in the motion. The minutes go by as they move in synchronicity, and neither one shows the slightest sign of surrender. Her fingernails are digging into his chest, and her breasts are bouncing wildly up and down as the beat goes on. She is being subjected to a maddening series of undulating sensations that she knows will lead to something she wants with the greed of a whore without conscience. Every time she starts to drive him faster, he only pushes back harder and faster still. 
