 I am a cock. Honestly, I am a normal, usually flaccid, sometimes erect male cock. Hmm... considering the female anatomy, perhaps mentioning I am a male cock is redundant, but what the hell. As I said, I am a cock, a cock in heaven. A cock in heaven, or more precisely, a cock in the mouth of an expert.

How I got here is a bit of a mystery, especially considering my owner. Mind you, since I have no ears and I am kept pretty much in the dark about these things, I really don't know much about his seduction style, but either he's pretty lazy or just inept with women. Hell, I can't remember the last time I was touched by anything softer than his sweaty palm.

Of course, anyone can get lucky if they are lucky and well, from the feel of it, my schmuck owner has hit the jackpot. Yeah, from the moment I felt the soft caress through the material of his jockeys and pants I knew something special was about to happen. When I felt my world open up to the fresh air I wished I had eyes to see the stunning beauty that was about to gently take me between her lips.

Ah, but no, she was too good to jump right in like that, no, she hovered a bit, her warm, moist breath doting over me, moving my entire length. Then, the feather touch of her tongue began at the hilt, just above the balls and came up the underside of my shaft, fluttering just beneath my head. The sensation had me twitching, lifting up off her bottom lip and then flapping back down on it, raising a slight giggle from her.

It must be a woman thing, enjoying when they make us twitch. Well I twitched until she dropped back down and slid her tongue back up again, this time sliding up onto the head and dipping into the tiny pool of pre-cum that had come from deep inside me. I felt her breath quicken a bit as she tasted my nectar and I knew this was good, it was right, I was tasty and she wanted more.

Oh my, then it started, as she took my head between her lips and while gently sucking, her tongue rolled over my most sensitive parts, making me tingle down into the balls. She'd then tease me a bit, her teeth lightly brushing my tender skin, not really hurting, but making me jump a bit. Yes, I was completely in her control, she knew it and I loved it.

Suddenly, she sucked hard and plunged her mouth down over me, clamping hard while moving up and down. The suction increased and then decreased as her head moved, her delicious wet mouth caressed all of me, pulling me deeper and deeper into her mouth while the tongue rolled all over me. Sensation overwhelmed me as she cupped the balls and gently squeezed in unison with her heavy suction.

I was throbbing, my blue vein bulging with the pounding of the heart, the balls swelling in her hands, my head and shaft, hell the entire length of me growing larger and larger into her mouth. Electricity fueled me as my owner began thrusting his pelvis back and forth, shoving me into her willing mouth.

Just as I was about to pop, she slows, lets me fall from her dark warmth and she sucks one of the balls into her mouth. Another sensation then curls through me as I descend from nearly coming to an easy, gentle pleasure. She takes the other ball in and continues, the sensation shifting over me. I calm a bit, but know that as soon as she returns I'll be ready.

Her sucking stops and I wait, twitching slightly with each gush of blood from the heart, my vein pulsing deep blue. Her tongue travels up the vein, curving and undulating over the swollen flesh. Pausing at the head, the tongue circles me, just beneath the head until I twitch wildly. My cock lifts up and falls back to her lip. Once, twice and then, oh God, she devours me, her tongue squeezes on me, and she sucks... she sucks so hard.

I am overcome as she slurps me in, the suction drawing me, drawing everything I have in me. Suddenly with one great uproar of sheer ecstasy I am filled entirely and I convulse again and again, each time spurting my hot, sticky cum into her mouth. 

She swallows, gasps for breath and then swallows again. The suction continues as I drain myself into her, no longer spurting, simply oozing the last ounce of me for her. I relax, slowly going flaccid as she draws the last of my fluid and then releases me to the cool, naked air. I'll miss her, but all I can do is drift downward, leaning on my friends, the balls.

I try my best to thank her, but all I can manage is a limp twitch good bye. Ah, she noticed! I feel her lean in to kiss me goodnight. Oh goodnight sweet woman, goodnight.