 I thought of you as I drifted in and out of sleep today. So when you read this at your computer, beware... 

I was rock hard as my hand was sweeping gently over the length of my cock. My mind immediately thought of taking you on and sliding myself into you... 

I have thought of many situations of course, where we fuck, but this one was new to me, about you. Remember I am an inventor of a sex toy/positioning device, so I was thinking about certain positions that I could get you strapped into, so we could try some erotic new sweaty sex. 

I would love to place you into the leg straps and have your back supported by the seat strap so you are suspended above the bed, floating. I would then slowly caress and kiss you, hard, all over. I would press myself into you so my tongue would stimulate your inner thigh, then I would slide myself lower so that your pussy aches for my tongue to slide inside of you. I might flick you a bit, but I can only tease you while I, respectfully, manipulate several other sensual parts of your ever increasing, stimulated body. My fingers will be massaging your clit and your lips while my mouth, my very heated, heavy breathing mouth, will be slowly kissing and mouthing your inner thigh. 

Right now you might want to touch yourself, but be careful you are at work... what would the others say? Read on...carefully... 

At this point I choose to kiss you hard on the mouth and rub my hard cock against your clit. This makes you moan and you feel how wet I have got you. Your pussy is engorged and is aching. You are almost widening at the touch, fully available to accept. Now you just want penetration, you can't wait any longer, but I make you wait. You have to wait because I am only just beginning and you are restrained by the straps, you cannot move but wait patiently suspended and comfortable to my very electric touch. 

I tease your nipples, further enhancing your stimulation. I tease and bite them and suck them so your focus pulls away from your burning pussy. I climb under you, since you are above the bed, I mouth your pussy again. You arch your back in desire as I slowly rub your shoulders and pull your beautiful long hair with one hand and slide my fingers into your pussy with the other. You moan loudly with exhalation, and profess out load that you are my slave. Whatever I want-take it...I climb up behind you and bite your neck, I slide my mouth around your face and kiss you hard on the mouth, hair still in hand, I have your head and control the kiss and intensely press my mouth against yours. My other hand caresses your breasts, your stomach, and your pussy melts. 

This is when you ache and whimper. I fall to the bed and adjust you on top of my cock. I slowly slide it in and you whelp, you feel the joy in your legs and they twitch, your toes curl and your inner thigh moans. Your heart skips a beat and you giggle, I am inside you. I rub your back and pull your hair and head back for me to kiss. I hold your thighs and slide you up and down, back and forth, around and around. Together we moan and the electric butterfly feelings begin to boil. 

I pull out to spin around, now I am on my back, facing you suspended, my cock slides in for a whole different sensation and our fucking commences. I take your legs in my hands and slide you back and forth, around and around. You are so wet. I enjoy watching you and seeing your eyes close and open in ecstasy. I pull out to get on my knees and embrace you. My weight is now on top of you, I am kissing you hard and I slide myself into you again. Together we fuck and I pound into you as we kiss. Oh god it feel so good, I feel I am boiling inside. I feel that you are too. I pull out to momentarily cool off and I mount my mouth on your clit, breathing hard I want all heat on your quivering pussy. 

I quickly flicker and tongue your clit and you cum in multiple waves, I pull off the straps and lay you on the bed. I again kiss your nipples and then kiss you hard on the mouth, I then slide myself into your satisfied pussy. Together we moan and ache and bounce and play and I hold your legs above my shoulders as I repeatedly push and pull myself into you. Harder and harder I fuck you, your pussy wetter than it has ever been, is waiting on my explosion. You feel my heart beat, your breathing matches mine, and all of a sudden you realize you are cumming again. I see what is happening and that sends me into a frenzy of a bucking bronco and fuck you hard until I let out a loud moan and we cum together in unison, exhausted, sweaty, satisfied, relaxed. We pause a moment to catch our breath and cool off in the fans ever-droning, monotonous bath of cool air. 

I dress you slowly, kissing you all the time, and we go downstairs to eat something quickly. 

We laugh and you tell me you have to get back to work. I tell you, this is work! 

and I awake from my dream, a very good dream...