 It was mid-morning when Jennifer woke up. It had been a late night at work and she was taking some extra "sleep-in" time this morning. She was planning on getting back to the office early afternoon to finish up some loose ends on a big project. Her client was going to be ecstatic. She came in before deadline and under budget. Another feather in her cap.

"Goddamn cap was pretty full these days," she thought to herself.

Her commitment to her work almost cost her her marriage. Everything came to a head about 4mos ago and Nicolas almost left. He was right, she lost sight of what was important. "WE" lost sight of what was important. Nick realized his role in letting things get so far outside of "us". She was just happy he knew there was still an "us".

They didn't go to counseling, they just talked honestly with each other. Talked like friends. The way they used to.

She yawned off the mid-morning sunrise and stumbled bleary eyed into the bathroom. She brushed her teeth and started the shower. She removed her lace camisole and as she pushed her panties past her knees she realized she really needed to shave. But not too much. She remembered a time when Nick moved his hand up her thigh as he kissed her deeply. He ran his fingers through her sparse bush. She apologized for not being shaved. That's when Nick said, "I like this, I'd like to see more." Nick liked the feel of her pubic hair in his hands. He also mentioned how nice it was to feel her soft mound in his nostrils when he went down on her. 

She stepped in the shower and the water was perfect. One of the shower jets caught her left nipple and instantly she was aroused. "It would be nice of Nick would open the door and join me," she thought. Nick was at work today, made kind of a big deal about having to go into the office today, he often works from home but not today. "Damnit!"

The soap, the caressing hot water on her body, her perfectly sculpted pubis. As she finished rinsing her hair, her hand moved down her breasts, her flat belly, and found its way to her soft spot. She touched herself gently, moaning with pleasure and frustration, knowing that Nick wasn't here to share this with her. She was feeling randy and she really could have gone for a good pounding. "That big cock between my legs, " she thought and her mind went back to 2 nights ago. Nick came up behind her and caressed her arms lightly, causing goose bumps to raise up on her skin and her nipples to harden, showing through her soft cotton nightgown. She grabbed his right hand and placed it between her legs as she stood at the sink, his hand easily worked it's way down the front of her panties where he stretched his middle finger down the length of her wet opening. His left hand grabbed her breast and played her nipple between his index and middle finger.

He led her to the table and gently pushed her face down. He was inside her before she acclimated to the position. Her hips pressed hard against the table. He fucked her good, taking long steady strokes nearly all the way out then pushing all the way back in, filling her completely. She reached back and gabbed his hands that were firmly pushing and pulling her hips on and off his hard cock. She squeezed his hands tightly as she screamed, "Fuck, you make me cum so hard, baby, shit!" Just then he had exploded inside her. She loved the feel of his hot cum filling her up.

"Damn," she said frustrated. She resigned herself to waiting until Nick came home. Maybe they could hook up some time this evening. She turned off the water and reached for her towel. She ruffled the towel through her hair and as she was drying off her breasts, she noticed a set of folded clothes on the cabinet with note that simply said, "PUT THIS ON." These weren't there before her shower, how had she missed Nick coming in? Her heart was a flutter, "Nick? If you only knew how horny I am, baby. You better give it to me good." "What the hell is this?" It was a shin length baggy denim skirt that buttoned up the front, a large button up loose fitting dress shirt, and a pair of glasses. "Ok, this is weird, " she said.

She was looking down as she opened the bathroom door, tugging at the dress shirt as it was tucked into her skirt. "What's this abou.....?" She looked up, covering her mouth with her hand as to contain a scream. The shock was too much to contain. She instantly felt fear, fear for her life but she kept herself together, knowing that this was her husband. Or was it. She really looked at him. 

He was wearing a blue one-piece work coverall with small white stripes. It was dirty, greasy looking and unbuttoned to reveal a type A undershirt with the sleeves rolled halfway up his forearm revealing tattoos. "Nick doesn't have tattoos. Those look real," she began to panic inside. She was searching for any sign that this was her husband. He had black leather gloves on his hands and a black ski mask covering his head. The eye holes looked like they were cut with a knife. Uneven, jagged strands of material that made seeing his eyes impossible.

She took all of this in in a split second. She stared at him. Unable to move. Trembling.

He moved his head upward slowly. She was now terrified.

He couldn't believe this was actually working. She was scared. He almost said something but the tension was delicious.

"Nick? Say something honey." she said cautiously. 

No response. He just stood there looking at her. 

She decided she had to find out. She rushed him, grabbing at the mask. He grabbed her arms at the wrists. She was close enough to smell him, it kind of smelled like Nick but she wasn't sure, there was something strange, something "not Nick".

He threw her on the bed and jumped on top of her. She was squirming now out of instinct. Still not sure what was going on. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife. She heard it click and instantly froze. He showed it to her. Placing the blade between their faces. He ran the backside of the blade down her lips. She feared for her life, now. But still, something inside her knew this was Nick. One thing she couldn't hide.........she was aroused. She mentioned a rape fantasy to Nick a couple of months ago but it wasn't detailed and she didn't really thing he was listening.

"If this is fantasy, he's playing it very well," she thought, the terror still residing in her trembling arms.

He took the knife and ran it down her shirt, slowly cutting the buttons off. She caught a glimpse of long hair coming out of the bottom of the mask. "Nick doesn't have long hair." The terror was becoming overwhelming. "Would he really go this far?" Her doubts spread their terrible roots into her psyche. "My God! I don't know what to do," her mind raced but still she was aroused. "What's wrong with me? Why is this turning me on?" She struggled to make sense of it.

She took a chance as he cut the last button of the shirt that was showing and pushed him back trying to lunge off the bed toward the door. He grabbed her quick by the shoulder and threw her back down on the bed. As soon as she was on her back he ripped open the shirt exposing her breasts. He put his hand over her eyes and forced her head back into the bed. He held her there, both of her hands struggling with the glove that held her down. 

He lifted up his mask and tasted her sweet nipples. A whimper of pleasure came from her mouth. He knew she was liking this although he thought he might have been too rough. He resigned himself to playing the part.

As he continued to suck on her stiff nipples, she took her hand off his and ran her fingers through her hair. For a moment, she allowed herself to enjoy this. She snapped back to her senses and pushed his head off her. He brought the mask down before she could see his lips. "God! I just want to know," her mind reeled.

He pulled off of her, reached for the end of her skirt and ripped upward. All of the buttons flew off, exposing the purple panties she wore, the ones he wanted to see on her. They were thin cotton with a white ruffle at the legs and a small white bow at the front panty line.

He slowly moved back over her. She tried to grab at the mask again, this time he pulled her hair forcing her back down on the bed as he clutched her crotch with the other hand. Moving his fingers wildly. Like a man possessed. She felt his middle finger push her panties into her. She was wet. He quickly flipped her over on her stomach, still grasping her hair. He pushed her face into the bed with one hand and ripped her panties off of her with the other. "Oh, my god," she said and a delicious feeling of abandon came over her. She had to trust that this was her Nick. She had to.

She heard his zipper and felt him penetrate her hard and rough. "SHIT!" she screamed into the bedding and he pulled her hair back to lift her head up. "Goddamnit!, say something," she screamed. He kept plowing into her hard. Fucking her like a piece of meat. Every thrust of his big cock jolted her forward. Nick had never fucked her so hard. He was caught up in the moment, the character. This is how a man would act if all he wanted was a pussy to pound his dick into. 

He continued to driving it hard into her and she was vocalizing his every thrust. He couldn't tell if she was going to cum or not, actually, he didn't care, not this time, not in this moment. All he wanted to do was violate her. He was surprised at this feeling, but too caught up to care.

Jennifer too was caught up in this moment. "Fuck me!", "Fuck me harder!" she screamed. It was primal and she was caught off guard at her own intensity.

Just then, she felt his cock leave her and he pulled her hair back forcing her to move backward to the ground at the foot of the bed. Before she could gasp, he shoved his cock into her mouth, forcing her to take it all. She gagged hard and Nick came to his senses. He hadn't meant to be this rough. He slowed down a bit but held his grasp on her hair forcing his cock in and out of her mouth. Her hands pushed on his hips, trying to control the rhythm, the violation.

This was the first time she had taken a man into her mouth after he had been inside her. Her juices dripped from his cock and the taste wasn't unpleasant. 

She looked up and caught the tell-tale signs. He threw his head back and stopped his thrusting. His cock laying still in her mouth. "Is he going to force me to take his cum in my mouth?" she thought fearfully. She really didn't like the taste of a man's semen. The fear once again came over her, "Is this really my Nick?" She could see the tattoos up close now and they looked real.

"God, he's going to cum in my mouth!"

He started again, moving in and out of her mouth. More slowly this time. She could feel him building up but he had a grip on her hair. She couldn't stop him.

He gave a quick moan, "Oh!". That was all she needed, she knew it was her Nick. "God, this is so fucking hot!" her mind let go with wild abandon. 

Nick pulled out of her mouth, knowing that she didn't like the taste of a man's cum. He loved her, and while this was a big risky fantasy, he didn't want to go too far. 

He could feel his ejaculate mounting. He was going to cum on her face, but pointed his bursting cock a little lower. He would cum on her tits.

Jennifer looked at him, she could tell where he was going to shoot his load. She loved him for his compassion and for pulling off this erotic fuck. 

Just then, Nick gave out a yell and she felt the first squirt of cum hit hard on her chin. She moved her hands around, grabbed his ass and pulled his cock into her mouth. "Oh, SHIT! Sweatheart!" he yelled. His hand still on the back of her head but not pushing. She sucked hard as he unloaded wave after wave into her warm wanting mouth. She swallowed quickly with every jet of hot cum. He took his hand off her head. She kept sucking until every drop was swallowed.

Nick pulled the cap off his head along with the wig he was also wearing. He pulled out of her mouth and joined her on the floor. He kissed her deeply, tasting his residual juices on her tongue. "Shit babe, I wasn't going to cum in your mouth.....I" she placed a finger on his lips. "I know, that's why I did it. You just fucking blew my mind and I wanted to blow yours. Pun intended." Nick exhaled deeply and kissed her again.

They moved up to the bed and he held her in his arms for a short while. Then he made sweet, tender love to her.