 A few days ago, I called on Julia, who emigrated from England a few years ago, and still retains her English accent. I admire the way she talks and think of her as my English lady friend. I have known other women named Julia, and they usually went by the name "Julie" but I have never heard my English lady friend called anything but Julia. Personally, I never think of her by any other name.

The last time I went to her house, we were very glad to be getting together again. Our hugs and kisses, just affectionate at first, quickly turned passionate. "Ducks, why are we out here in the hallway when we have a perfectly good bed just a few feet away?" Julia asked.

"That's a good question," I said. Actually it wasn't because there was really no answer for it and less than a minute later, it was a moot question because we were standing by that perfectly good bed undressing each other. Both of us had kicked our shoes off earlier, and while I unbuttoned her blouse, she was doing the same for my shirt. I finished first and when she turned around for me to remove her blouse I also unhooked her bra. The bra came off when she turned around, and she finished my shirt and removed it. 

We were both naked from the waist up but Julia was more naked than I because she has really beautiful breasts. Besides that, she has a cute, round belly and a lovely, voluptuous ass. I bent over and started licking her nipples and Julia, who is justifiably proud, enjoyed the attention so much that she cupped her hands under her breasts so I could lick them better. It was very pleasant but we still weren't on that perfectly good bed so Julia unfastened my pants and pulled them and my underwear down. She knelt in front of me and pulled them off as I lifted my feet. Before she stood up, she looked at my cock, which was stiff and ready, and said "It's nice to be appreciated."

When she stood back up, I unbuttoned her skirt and let it drop to the floor. Her panties were next and I knelt in front of her, my face right in front of her pussy and enjoyed the aroma of the juices that were already staining her panties. When I pulled them off, the splendid fragrance of her fresh juices was even more enticing. "Yes, I said. I like to be appreciated too." With both of us naked, Julia turned down the coverlet and sat on the edge of the bed. When I stood up to join her, she moved into the middle, lay back and held out her arms. Eagerly, I got onto the bed with her where we held each other closely and kissed, our naked bodies fully in contact with each other.

One more kiss on her warm and welcoming mouth with its agile tongue and I started kissing and nuzzling my way down her throat. Julia rolled onto her back and cupped her breasts for me again and my mouth went from her throat to licking one of her erect nipples. From one to the other of the lovely twins I went, as Julia thrust one then the other into my mouth. They were so luscious that I drew one of them into my mouth and sucked, while my tongue traced the areola and caressed the nipple. Julia continued to present her succulent globes to me and my mouth continued to give pleasure and receive pleasure.

The delectable juices were flowing even more heavily from Julia's adorable pussy and, as much fun as we were already having, I knew there was even greater pleasure there. Down her soft, round belly I licked, stopping to thrust my tongue into her navel. Julia giggled. "Now, now, you know what I like and you like it too. Get on with you." I knew, of course, so my mouth resumed its trek down Julia's sexy body until I reached her pubic hair. I got off the bed and went around to the foot and climbed back on so I was kneeling between Julia's legs. A pillow under her comely ass raised her pussy to the right level for good eating, and I wrapped my arms around her thighs and leaned forward.

Before actually beginning my feast, I breathed deeply of the delightful aroma, and admired her pussy as a thing of beauty, with its juices running and dripping all over, with the swollen lips and the precious clit, sheltering under her hood but peeking out at me. Julia's pussy was already humping slowly into the air and I could hear her cooing happily, expressing her enjoyment at what I had already done and what I was about to start doing. I sucked the juices from her pussy, relishing their exquisite flavor and started licking along Julia's pussy lips, with my tongue enjoying the soft moistness. As I knew it would be, eating Julia's pussy was already a delight for all my senses.

I continued delighting her and me, starting my tongue along an outer lip at its origin and licking between it and its inner mate. At the point where the two lips are close together, I probed the seam and licked the surfaces of both labia. "Oh, George, I love what you are doing. It feels so good; keep eating my pussy," were the appreciative words of Julia and she also expressed her pleasure by fucking her pussy stronger into my face and producing more of her delicious juices. Julia had no need to fear that I might stop because I was enjoying myself as much as she was enjoying what I was doing.

Right at that time, that was licking the top of Julia's clit hood, and after licking her there, I curled my tongue underneath and caressed her swollen love toy. Contact with that sweetest of sweet spots started Julia's pussy fucking harder into my face and producing more fragrant juices. When I removed my tongue from her clit and brought it back to Julia's dripping love hole, I proved what I already knew. Fresh juices taste even better than they smell and after enjoying all of them, my tongue started on the labia on the other side of Julia's pussy, licking them the same as I had licked the first pair.

This time, my tongue spent more time caressing Julia's precious clit. I looked up over her belly and saw her head and upper body thrashing around on the bed while she had her right arm under her breasts, her fingers fondling her nipples. When she saw me looking, she smiled and said, "George, my clit just loves your tongue. Keep licking me there; I'm almost ready to cum." I knew she was close to cumming because of the strong way her pussy was fucking into my face and the way her cooing had turned to moans of pleasure.

There were still some areas of her pussy for my mouth to pleasure so, after sucking all the fresh juices from her love hole, I starting probing my tongue into the bottom edge of that lovely pink place. As I moved my tongue up one side and then the other of her vagina, Julia's thighs turned out, presenting herself fully to my pleasuring mouth. Her pussy was ramming harder than ever into my face and her moans were ending in whimpers. "I want to cum, George. I'm ready. Suck my clit. I need to cum." Even in the throes of passion, Julia enunciated properly.

I knew she was ready but first my tongue probed the upper edge of her love hole, indirectly stimulating her clit and producing a fresh spurt of juices from her pussy. My tongue burrowed under Julia's clit hood again, and I wrapped my lips over her swollen love toy and started sucking. While I sucked, my tongue caressed the top and sides of her engorged clit, and I could feel Julia's pussy fucking stronger than ever into my face. For several minutes, I continued sucking and licking until I heard "Yes! I'm cumming, George! Suck my clit! Suck my clit!"

Julia's legs squeezed my temples and her hands pushed on the back of my head, while her pussy kept jamming into my face. Her ass rocked from side to side; my head was happily imprisoned and my face was forced into her pussy. For as long as Julia continued cumming, I kept sucking and licking her clit. When she climaxed, her pussy gave one last strong thrust into my face and her legs gave one last squeeze of my head. Julia completely relaxed after her orgasm with her arms flopping to her sides and her legs remaining loosely draped over my shoulders. I moved my mouth from her clit and relished the taste of her fresh cum juices. Everything from her pussy lips and outside her love hole pleasured my taste buds but most of the juices inside her would be needed as lubrication. I expected that, within minutes, my cock would be plunging in and out of Julia's lovely pussy. Because I also expected to be kissing her face, I used a corner of the sheet and wiped most of her juices off my face

After a minute, while still between her legs, I started moving up on her body. Julia saw me, smiled and said "Good show, Ducks. I hope your cock can do me as well as your mouth did." She spread her legs and, with the fingers of one hand, spread her pussy lips and with the other hand she guided my cock into the place where we both wanted it to be. The first two inches entered easily and with a few gentle thrusts, my whole cock was imbedded in Julia's dripping pussy and hew legs were wrapped around mine

My favorite is the missionary position because, when I curled my arms under hers, I brought our faces close together with my weight supported by my elbows and knees. Julia puckered up her lips so I kissed her gently there, drew my cock back and slowly thrust it forward. "Oh, Ducks, that is so good, Julia murmured. Now, give it to me, nice and deep and slow."

Nice and deep and slow was what I wanted too, and I drew my cock back and stroked it forward again. This time, Julia squeezed my legs with hers, flexed her thighs and thrust her pussy back to meet me. Over and over, I plunged my cock into her pussy and Julia fucked back to meet me, both of us moaning in pleasure and, in between kisses, telling the other how great it was. 

With all my weight on my elbows and knees, Julia was able to move freely under me, and she made the most of her freedom. For the first ten minutes or so of our slow stroking, she just fucked her pussy back to meet me, but then she changed her movements. With her arms and legs around me holding most of her weight, Julia moved her hips under me in a clockwise motion. I timed her, and started thrusting my cock into her pussy when she was at the 3:00 o'clock position, achieving maximum contact with her clit, and withdrawing when she reached 9:00 o'clock. This is a very tiring technique for Julia and she only continued for a few minutes before returning to the original motion.

For several minutes we continued, me stroking forward and Julia fucking back, making an erotic squishing noise with all the juices in her pussy. She was so wet that her juices were running out of her love hole and down her ass or down her belly, around her breasts and onto the bed. The squishing and the delightful aroma of her juices added to my pleasure, but they were almost nothing compared to the incredible pleasure Julia's pussy was giving to my cock. At every stroke, I was close to ecstasy.

Julia was close to ecstasy too and we both wanted to stay in that marvelous state. Again, she changed her movements, this time rocking from side to side under me so when my cock surged into her pussy it caressed first one side of her vagina and then the other. We both relished the variety and continued with this stroke for a long time, both of us whispering erotic compliments on how good the other was at fucking. We moaned and sighed and grunted and otherwise expressed our pleasure.

After a long time, Julia whispered, "I'm going to cum, Ducks. Give it to my clit really well." Since I had felt my own climax building for some time, I was glad to do as she asked. Julia changed her motion to fucking straight back to meet me and I moved forward on her so my cock was fucking more down, dragging it more strongly along her clit. "Oooo, yes. That's it. Faster now, and make me cum," was her response.

That was my intention, her cumming and then me. Julia hugged me with her arms and legs while I plunged my cock into her, as deep but faster, and Julia thrust her pussy back just as fast. "Give it to me! Give it to me!" she urged me on, and I gave it to her. Over and over, my cock plowed into her pussy, scraping against her clit. My climax was rapidly approaching but Julia got there first.

"Yes! I'm cumming! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she cried out ecstatically, and fuck her hard was what I did, slamming my cock into her. Julia fucked just as hard, her ass rocking from side to side on the bed while ramming her pussy back to meet every thrust that I made. Her fingernails dug into my back and her legs squeezed me extra hard and Julia thrust her pussy into me one last time, as she climaxed. She relaxed after her orgasm, her arms loosely around my shoulders and her legs slipping away from mine. A few more strokes and I ejaculated into my condom.

We lay together with me on top, still supporting most of my weight on my arms and knees. After a few minutes, Julia made one more request that I was glad to fulfill. "Ducks, you gave me a really great fucking. My pussy feels good but it is a bit sore. Do you have some kind of miracle drug to take away the soreness but to leave it feeling good?"

"Yes, I do. I will begin the treatment right now." I moved down between Julia's legs and began applying the miracle drug, my saliva, and the applicator, of course, was my tongue. After sucking the fresh cum juice from her love hole and licking off her labia and every other place I could find, I started therapeutically licking the soreness from her pussy. 

Julia sighed happily. "I say, old chap, that is a bit of all right." Sometimes she lays the dialect on a bit thickly but as long as her pussy is hot and juicy for me to eat and we can fuck the way we just did, she can talk any way she wants to.

Thank you for reading this story. I would appreciate having your opinion, either good or bad, either posted publicly or emailed to me. I have found that feedback helps and encourages me to write more and better, and I always reply when I receive it.