 Heidi is a beautiful 30 year old divorced woman with a very curvaceous figure. Despite her Germanic-sounding name, she is Hispanic, with silky light brown skin and dark hair and eyes. She really enjoys making love with me, especially when I eat her pussy, which is something I really enjoy doing.

I went to her apartment last week and she was waiting for me in the living room, with the shades drawn, the lighting low and soft music playing. We kissed passionately and, after I removed my shoes and socks, we did so again, our tongues also saying hello. She was barefoot and wearing a bathrobe and I could tell she was naked under the robe. We continued kissing and moved sideways until we sat together on a sofa. I kissed my way down her throat and Heidi raised her chin to give me better access to the erogenous places there. Her bathrobe fell open and her large, beautiful breasts appeared so I fondled them gently and bent over and licked her nipples. Heidi gently pushed me away. "Let me go first," she murmured.

She began unbuttoning my shirt. I tried to help her but she pushed my hands away so I leaned back and relaxed on the sofa. Once my shirt was off she licked and kissed my chest, concentrating briefly on my nipples before starting to work her way down the front of my body. While her lips and tongue were busy on my body, her hands were busy too, unfastening my belt and pants and hooking onto the waistband of my undershorts. When her mouth reached my beltline she stopped, knelt on the floor in front of me and started to pull off my pants and underwear. I lifted myself off the sofa and she pulled my clothes all the way off and tossed them aside. She slipped out of her robe and tossed that on the pile and we were equally naked.

Thoroughly aroused by Heidi's kisses and the sight of her beautiful, sexy body, I scooted forward on the sofa with my legs spread while she was kneeling in front of me. Heidi rested one elbow on my thigh and gently held my cock in her other hand to kiss its tip and lick the slit in the end. She told me to slide forward some more because she wanted to lick my crotch and balls. I did as I was told; I wanted Heidi to do whatever she wanted with her mouth because I know how good she is. 

Starting just in front of my ass, she licked my crotch in broad strokes, her nose bumping against my scrotum. Her tongue meandered lovingly up around either side of the base of my balls, my rigid cock rubbing against both of her lovely brown cheeks. One at a time, she took my testicles between her lips, and fondled them with her tongue. Not until her mouth had thoroughly caressed my crotch and my balls it again touch my cock, and then it was a single slow lick from the base to the tip. When she reached the tip, she licked the head and under the ridge until she stopped, holding the head of my cock in her lips and smiling around it.

Still smiling, Heidi slowly took my cock into her mouth, her tongue caressing the shaft while she enveloped it, until her lips were at the base being tickled by my pubic hair. Slowly, she backed her mouth away, her tongue still busy, until only the tip was still enclosed, and then she raised her head. "Your cock sure feels good in my mouth", she told me. "I know your cum is really good too, but I'm not in any hurry to taste it." 

Once more, Heidi slowly enveloped my cock in her warm, wet mouth, and equally slowly backed off. Again and again her head bobbed down and back up while her tongue massaged my entire shaft and I moaned my pleasure. Having my cock sucked by Heidi is a pleasure to most of my senses. First and foremost, it feels incredibly good but watching my cock going slowly in and out of her beautiful mouth is a treat to my eyes as well. My ears are serenaded by the delightful slurping sounds of her mouth as it pleasures both of us and to her murmurs of enjoyment as well because Heidi truly enjoys sucking my cock. She knows also that slow strokes mean a lot of strokes and the more times my cock slides into her mouth, the more both of us like it. Eventually, I would cum, and Heidi was happily anticipating the taste and the texture of the semen she would get to swallow but neither of us was in a hurry for that to happen.

In order to delay my climax even more, Heidi stopped sucking my cock and licked my balls again. After that interlude, she put my cock back in her mouth, where both cock and mouth were happiest, licking and kissing the head before gently and slowly taking the entire length into her warm moistness. Once again I enjoyed watching her head bob down and up. My delight in Heidi's ministrations was so great that I couldn't speak, except to moan and even whimper from the pleasure. She was enjoying herself too much to talk about it also, except for her happy murmurs. The only other sounds were the wet, slurping noises she made while my cock slid in and out between her lips.

Occasionally, because she so much loves what my cock does for her and to her, Heidi took it out of her mouth and licked it and nuzzled it against her face. Once she rubbed the head against her adorable nipples, and once she enclosed the shaft between her succulent breasts while she licked the head, but she always returned my cock to her mouth where we both derived the most enjoyment.

Even with the slow strokes of Heidi's skilled mouth and the times my cock was out of her chamber of pleasure, I could feel my climax building and I knew I could no longer delay it. "I'm ready to cum", I told her. She tightened her lips around my cock and increased the speed of her strokes. 

Her tongue continued to caress my shaft, but the contact was stronger. "Oh! Oh! I'm cumming," I told her. Heidi's lips held my cock just inside her mouth and when my cum spurted, she let it land her tongue where she could fully savor it. After she had gotten the full taste of every gob, she swallowed it. When I was through ejaculating, her lips tightened even more on my cock so she could milk all the semen out of it. Even after it had become flaccid, Heidi kept it in her mouth and when she finally took it out, she licked the head and all around the ridge.

"I really love your cum, the taste of it and the way it feels, so hot on my tongue", she told me. "And I really, really love sucking your cock until you cum into my mouth." I, of course, really, really, really love having her suck me off and cumming into her mouth, and I told her so.

Sucking me off had gotten Heidi fully aroused, of course. Her pussy was lubricating so heavily the juices were running down her legs. I hated to see it wasted but I knew she could produce an almost inexhaustible supply and I would be feasting on it in a little while. She knelt on the sofa beside me in her glorious nakedness and we hugged again. We kissed each other full on the lips and again, and again. The third time, we both opened our mouths to let our tongues, both of them very agile, have their own embrace. Heidi had swallowed all my cum and the faint lingering taste of it was not enough to prevent me from enjoying kissing her mouth or any other part of her beautiful face. 

Much as my mouth was enjoying itself kissing Heidi, I knew there were even better places to kiss and suck and lick. The first two places were her adorable dark brown nipples, and I lowered my head and began to nuzzle one of them with my lips and to lick it. I moved over to nuzzle and lick the other. Her nipples had felt really great on my cock a little earlier and they felt even better to my mouth. They were fully erect and my tongue could feel the tiny ridges on them and the surrounding areolas. Heidi expressed her pleasure at the way my mouth felt on her nipples and urged me to continue. I wanted more than anything to do exactly that.

Gently, I cupped either of these luscious treasures in my hands and licked one of them harder, flicking the nipple with my tongue. "Suck them, George. Put them in your mouth", Heidi murmured. 

Gladly, I took one of the gorgeous twins into my mouth, clamped my lips on the soft brown skin and applied gentle suction. My tongue continued to caress the nipple and the surrounding area. I switched my attentions from one of her succulent globes to the other, and then back again, continuing to alternate sucking and licking her wonderful breasts. 

This was fun but it was basically foreplay, and Heidi's pussy was still lubricating copiously and waiting patiently for my mouth. My cock was soft after being drained by her mouth but it would be hard again by the time I had finished eating her pussy, especially since I intended to bring her to two climaxes. I believed the time had come to move on and start eating that marvelous pussy. Heidi thought so too and she was pushing on my shoulders to get me to go lower.

I got off the sofa and got on my knees in front of her. Eagerly, she scooted forward to present her pussy to my mouth, spread her legs and slung them over my shoulders. I wrapped my arms around those pretty legs and feasted on the juices that had collected in Heidi's precious love hole. There were a lot them and they were delicious. After relishing them all, I started probing with my tongue around the edges of that same lovely hole because I know she has some sweet spots there and I wanted to feast on more of her nectar. My reward was a sudden spurt of those delightful juices, which I devoured. I started licking her pussy lips, holding the outer side of one of her outer labia against my lower lip and caressing the inner side with my tongue. Next, my tongue probed the inner lip, which is more sensitive. The more I licked and probed, the more aroused Heidi became and her pussy started squirming under my face.

The lips on the other got the same gentle treatment and Heidi started thrusting her pussy against my face, while her juices flowed even more heavily. I licked the nectar from her love hole and once again probed the seam between her first inner and outer lips, this time using considerable pressure. My tongue caressed along the entire length of the seam but passed her clit. Once again, the other pair of lips got the same probing, but again I avoided the clit.

Heidi's body was writhing above me and her thighs had rotated outward, fully presenting her pussy to my mouth. Her pussy was so active she seemed to be trying to wrap it around my face. "My clit! My clit! Do my clit!" she gasped. 

I clamped my lips around that engorged love button and applied strong suction, while my tongue massaged that most sensitive of sweet spots. After a few minutes of this, Heidi started cumming. "Ahhhhh", she crooned and her hands went to the back of my head to press my face tightly against her pussy. 

Her legs scissored against my temples, alternately squeezing and releasing my head and her heels drummed against my back. Heidi continued crooning for as long as she was cumming, until she climaxed. This was an abrupt spasm that lifted her ass off the sofa, and her thighs strongly squeezed my head. After her orgasm, she relaxed against the back of the sofa and her hands and legs released my head. There was an ocean of fresh juices in her pussy to please my taste buds so I licked them all up and waited for her to be ready for more. Heidi truly loves having me eat her pussy and I truly love eating her pussy, which is why we normally do it twice.

After a few minutes she was almost ready for more. "George, I hope you want to eat my pussy some more. But I like to spread out and there isn't room here. I want you to put your finger in my ass too, so let's go into the bedroom." I wanted nothing more than to eat Heidi's pussy some more, and not just a little, but a lot more. She was still a bit weak, so I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom where our love-making would continue.

The bed had two pillows; one would go under her head and the other would go under her ass to present her lovely pussy to me. Heidi lay on her back with her legs spread and a big smile on her pretty face. The smile was partly showing affection for me, partly in enjoyment of what we had been doing and partly in anticipation of what we would be doing again momentarily. I knelt beside her and kissed her warm lips and her throat and licked her adorable nipples. Her pussy was already wet and eager to be eaten but her nipples were so rigid and inviting that I had to lick and suck on them first. After a few minutes, I got up, knelt between her legs and adjusted the pillow so her ass and pussy were presented even better to my fingers and mouth. 

Heidi raised her legs and reached down and spread her ass cheeks. Saliva made a good lubricant for my middle finger and I leaned in between her upraised legs, placed one shoulder against the underside of her thigh and slowly slipped the middle finger of my other hand into her waiting ass. "Oooooh, that feels gooood", she murmured. 

I pumped my finger in and out of her ass a few times then leaned farther forward and licked around the edge of her beautiful love hole, then into that delightful place to get all the delicious juices she had already produced since cumming the first time. By far, my favorite kind of oral sex is eating a hot, juicy pussy like Heidi's, and I really love to suck and lick and kiss and nibble the whole thing. Rather than go directly to her clit so a woman will cum quickly, I like to take a long time, and give both her and myself as much pleasure as I can before her climax. Most women prefer that also, unless they are under time constraints, although sometimes a woman will be so horny that she wants to cum right away and then have me take my time in bringing her to her second climax. That day, I had tried to take my time but Heidi had needed a quick orgasm on the sofa, and then to relax and have a long, slow session with my finger in her ass and my mouth on her pussy until we both enjoyed her cumming the second time.

I started on an outer pussy lip again, slowly licking and nibbling with my lips only, gently kissing the edge of the outer lip. I licked and nibbled and kissed the entire lip, all the way to above her clit. Heidi's eyes were closed and she was murmuring in pleasure but she knew I had just started. The other outer pussy lip got my attention next and I licked it to above her clit, again moving slowly and covering all the surface area many times over. Heidi was luxuriously nestling her head into the pillow and her pussy was squirming under my face. 

After licking up the small trickle of juice that had accumulated, my mouth got busy on one of her inner pussy lips, probing into the seam between inner and outer labia, and curling my tongue up to put more pressure on the surface of the inner lip. I probed and licked to the end of the seam, and brushed the edge of my tongue gently against her clit. Heidi cooed blissfully at this touch to her sensitive love button, but I was careful to keep the contact at a minimum. The juices were flowing more freely, and her pussy had started slowly humping up to meet my face. After licking up the delicious juices that were available, I started probing between the other two labia, again curling my tongue to greater stimulate the inner lip. This time, when I reached her clit, the contact was not so minimal. I licked all around that sweet charmer, and when I moved my tongue away, Heidi's cooing had turned to moaning from the pleasure. "I love it! I love it, George. Keep eating my pussy," was her reaction. But I didn't, at least not for a few minutes. While my mouth was reveling in her lovely pussy, I had been thrusting my middle finger in and out of her ass. Heidi enjoyed this immensely, both as a complement to the way I was eating her out and as a pleasure in itself. When I twined my index and middle fingers together and the combination started plunging in and out of her ass all the way to the knuckles, she responded as expected. 

"Ohhhhhhh, God, that's good," she exclaimed and when I started twisting the fingers back and forth while thrusting them into the sensuous place they had found, her reaction was even more pronounced. She pushed her ass toward me as if trying to get my fingers in even deeper, which they couldn't do. Besides those movements, her ass was almost lifting off the bed, her pussy was fucking into the air so strongly. I knew it would soon be time for her to cum.

My fingers continued going in and out of her ass and my mouth returned to Heidi's pussy. The outer surface of her inner lips had been thoroughly covered by my tongue so it was the turn of the other side of those same lips. I started licking beside her pink love hole, probing under the inner lip, first on one side and then on the other. Heidi's moans of pleasure were ending in whimpers and there was a steady stream of fragrant juices flowing from her pussy. Every time my tongue crossed over the source of this ambrosia, I dipped it in to savor the taste. After licking and probing the sides of her pink love hole, I reached the top edge. 

Heidi's thighs had rotated outward again so her pussy was once again fully presented to me, and I sluiced up all the fresh juices from her love hole. After I had devoured them, I thrust my tongue in as far as it would go and brought it slowly back out, pressing hard against the top of that delightful place, to massage the underside of her clit. After I drew my tongue back out, I licked all around the edges again. Under my face, Heidi's hips were swiveling; her legs were thrusting out over my shoulders like two pistons and she was panting, almost crying, and begging me to suck her clit.

That would be the next place on my tour of her incredible pussy. After licking all around the engorged love button, to be sure the hood was out of the way, I clamped my lips on the warm flesh surrounding it and started sucking, while my tongue continued to flick and tantalize Heidi's adorable clit. Even though she wouldn't cum for a few minutes, she held on to the back of my head with her hands to keep my mouth where she wanted it to stay. That was fine with me because I wanted it to be there too. 

Wordlessly, Heidi started cumming, but no announcement was necessary. One leg hooked around my neck and the other continued thrusting outward, with her foot thumping against my back. Her hands pressing on my head and her leg around my neck kept Heidi's pussy plastered so tightly to my face that, as her ass bounced up and down off the mattress, she carried me with her. 

Heidi's cumming took much longer this time. For every immensely enjoyable second, I concentrated on keeping my lips clamped around her clit while my tongue lovingly caressed the sides and top of the sweet love toy. When Heidi climaxed, she arched her back, lifting her ass high off the bed, with both her legs locked around my head for leverage. After her orgasm, she collapsed, her hands slipped off my head and her legs also released the grip. I lifted my face from her clit and licked all the cum juices off her pussy lips and her thighs and almost everywhere else. Some had dripped down her legs and soaked into the bed and I regretted the loss. The juices inside her sweet love hole were exceptionally tempting but l left them there because I knew they would be needed for lubrication when my cock replaced my tongue. 

I gazed, enraptured, at Heidi's beautiful brown body. Her long hair was spread out fetchingly on the pillow and a blissful smile was across her pretty face. Even though she was sprawled on the bed her large breasts were firm and jutting. Best of all was her pussy with her black pubic hair matted with a combination of my saliva and her juices. All in all, Heidi is one of the most beautiful and womanly looking women I know. The sight of her gorgeous, serene nakedness, the thought of the fucking we were soon going to be doing and the dose of Viagra I had taken that morning made my cock stiff and ready.

I went to the bathroom to wash the leftover juices from my face, and my hands, especially the fingers that had been in her ass, and went back to the bedroom carrying a washcloth and warm water. Heidi was lying languorously in the bed. 
