 *** I wrote this little ditty as a graduation present for my long-term girlfriend. She was sad that this summer will be the end of our relationship. Most of her friends are leaving for college in September, but she is stuck working alone until January. ***

*

Darkness surrounded the McDonalds, rain splattering a machine gun rhythm against the window panes. The wind howled, cold and lonely, outside. A young girl stood at the register in the empty fast-food joint, staring forlornly from her post into the sheets of water cascading down the glass. Her name was Sarah. At that moment, little could be guessed about what lay underneath her baggy, androgynous mass of a uniform, custom assembled to fit even the most awkwardly shaped body. A hat covered her long silky brown hair, and her heavy pants reduced any curves to a state of prepubescent flatness. 

Sarah looked down at a newspaper, idly flipping through the funnies for an hour or more, daydreaming of brighter days and more interesting times. Chief in her daydreams this night was her old flame, Kyle. But he had gone off to college, along with all of her friends, leaving her to mind the empty register for a whole semester. 

It was midnight when her shift finally ended, after having served only 4 people the entire night, one of them her coworker. She would normally have changed out of her uniform at the first opportunity, but her sandals and light t-shirt would hardly do for the freak storm that had begun with her shift and then decided to sit on the puget sound throughout the night, and, radio said, through the next few days. Just as she was locking the doors to leave, however, a final customer walked up to her in the dark, asking her if he could sneak a quick snack before she left. He was a tall guy, but Sarah kept her back turned to him as she finished with the stubborn lock, "sorry, but we're closed. The drive through is open 24-7, you can get your munchies there." She jimmied the lock again, but it refused to turn. Suddenly his arms reached around her, his big hands covering hers, forcing the key to turn. She pulled her arms back to her body and spun around to face the man, jumping away from him as she did. As she did so he moved forward, pressing her body against the door. She was face to face with a heavy sweatshirt and looked up, into the blue eyes of a face she could barely recognize. He was a tall guy, with surfer-length blonde hair, and a good sized beard. He smiled, and the goofy grin gave it away, it was Kyle, albeit a tad older and hairier than she had last seen him. A light came to her eyes when she recognized him, and she wrapped her arms around him, laughing. He chuckled and wrapped her up in a bear hug, enjoying the feeling of her head on his chest. 

"Hi."

"Hello yourself, you know how much you scared me?"

"I can guess," he replied, before pushing her away from him and looking long and hard at her face, which promptly blushed. She tried to turn her head away from the inspection, and he pulled her back in, apparently meeting with approval, his lips meeting hers with a shock of electricity. "Ow! My first day back and this is the thanks I get?" He tried to look angry and serious. Sarah just kissed him again. 

 * * *