 My first time to ever tell this story. This is absolutely true, from start to finish. Hope you enjoy, I know I did!

*****

Tina was always a lady that I would catch myself staring at. There were a couple of occasions that I would catch her staring back, but I didn't think much of it. I was in college, single, and she was married in her early 30's. 

I am the athletic type, about 6'2" tall, not overly muscular though. I played basketball in college, so I was always in good shape and fit. I was a good kid growing up, never drank, never smoked, never did drugs, never had sex... That's right, I was a 20 year old virgin, and I was really shy around the ladies. Tina was about 5'4" tall and has an amazing body. I loved staring at her ass as she walked by me at church or in the grocery store. 

When I was a sophomore in college, I went on a cross country trip with some adults to Michigan. We all stayed in a dorm type facility while we did some work in the area. One night, Tina and I had been talking a little bit. She was trying to set me up with a girl that she worked with, so we were discussing my love life a little bit. Her husband didn't make the trip, and she was a little flirty as we talked, but I didn't think anything of it at the time. She left for a little bit to use the restroom, so I went to take a shower and digest a little of the conversation that we had been having about this friend she had. When I came back, I found her in some really short shorts and a t-shirt. I was fairly certain she was not wearing a bra. I could see her nipples poking through the thin t-shirt material. 

That's when she caught me staring for the first time. She didn't say anything, just smiled and looked away for a second. I looked down to make sure my fully erect cock wasn't sticking out of my gym shorts, and that's when I looked up and caught her checking me out as well. I kept thinking to myself, 'she is married, there is no way she would be remotely interested in me'. I couldn't take it anymore, I had to go somewhere and take care of myself so I would be able to sleep that night. The next night was more of the same, a little flirting, but she was very discrete about it. The other adults we were with knew she was married, so she didn't want it to get back to her husband that she was flirting with this younger guy while away on this trip. Funny thing was that we never once talked about sex or anything that could happen between us, it was mostly about this girl she was trying to set me up with.

We get back from this trip, and I ended up dating this girl, Julie, for a few months. Julie had moved in with Tina and her husband because of a falling out with her roommate. I ended up spending a lot of time and Tina's house because I was there to see Julie. We would go to her bedroom and make out, play a little. I never could get the nerve to have sex with her. We even sat there naked together just making out. She was a hot little redhead, perky breasts, and a rocking body. I loved getting her naked. I could tell that she wanted me, but she knew that I was a virgin and she wanted to make sure that I was ready. I can remember Tina yelling at us down the hall to turn the lights back on or to open the door. Julie and I joked that she probably just wanted to watch us anyway. 

A few months went by and Julie and I broke up. She moved out of Tina's house that same week and I never really heard from her again. Tina caught me one day and asked what had happened, I told her that I wasn't sure, but something just didn't feel right. I asked if I could come over to her house and talk to her again sometime. She told me that she would call me the next day and we could talk. 

The next morning, I get a call from Tina. It was 6:30 in the morning, fortunately I was already awake even though I was on Spring Break. I answered the phone:

"Hello? A little earlier than I was expecting, you alright?"

"Oh, I am fine, I didn't wake you up did I?" She said.

"No, I was already awake, just about to get dressed."

She said, "well, my husband just left for work, you want to come over and talk for a little bit? I have to leave at about 8:30 to get to work."

I wasn't sure how to respond... I wanted to go see her, but I was nervous about going to her house so early in the morning. 

"I'll be there in about 15 minutes." I nervously answered.

I pull up into her drive way and knocked on her door. She opened the door and invited me in. She was wearing a t-shirt and some pajama pants, nothing overly sexy. This calmed my nerves a little bit as I was not sure what to expect when I walked in. It wasn't like I was getting a "come fuck me" vibe or anything, but I knew how I felt about her, and I had no idea how she felt or what she thought about me at the time. 

She sat on one side of her living room, and I sat on the couch on the opposite side of the room. We talked for about 30 minutes about Julie and about life in general. I knew I was going to need to leave pretty soon because she had to get to work eventually. She flirted a little bit, and I flirted right back without hesitation. There was a little break in the conversation and she made a flirty comment "well, I need to take a shower... and unless you are going to get in with me, you better get going." 

Without even hesitating, I replied, "well, I know you are bluffing, but you know I would totally join you!" I was attempting to call her bluff. No way she would take it that far even after all that flirting!

Her face lit up, her eyes got big, and she shot me a look as she said "you better not tease a married woman like that. She might call your bluff!" 

I don't know if it was the frightened look on my face or the nervousness in my voice that prompted that comment, but I was certain that she was mad that I had said that. I started to apologize, but she cut me off. She stood up and said "you know I love my husband, but I have needs that just don't always get met. I don't want to do anything in my house, but I can show you what you are missing out on."

She walked to the doorway of her bedroom, was out of sight for a few seconds, then came back in nothing but her panties. Her breasts were perky, nipples hard, and she rubbed her hands on them, perking her nipples. She turned away from me and slid her panties down. As she stepped out of them, she turned and looked me in the eyes and said "I know you want me, don't you? I have seen the way you look at me. Do you like what you see?"

I couldn't say anything. I was trying to take in the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. She had just a tiny patch of pubic hair on her mons. She rubbed her hands all the way down to her hips, and slid her fingers toward her clit and spread her pussy lips open. I was so turned on, I was about to lose my load right there in front of her and she hadn't even touched me. 

She slid her pajama pants on and put her t-shirt back on as she took my hand while I stood up. I started to walk toward the door and she took her hand and grabbed my cock through my jeans and said "too bad he can't come out and play right now". She knew that I liked what I had seen. She told me to think about her and maybe next time she would let me touch her. She opened the door, and I left so she could get ready for work. 

I was kicking myself for the next couple of days. I knew I wouldn't see her again for at least a few days because I had to work. I kept thinking about what might have happened if I had let her unzip my pants, or if I had gotten up the nerve to help her slide her clothes off. I instantly got hard at just thinking about her.

A few days later, I ran into Tina. Her husband was with her, so of course we couldn't talk about our experience from a few days ago. I had to run to the restroom at one point, and she was at the door as I came out. She didn't say much, just handed me a note to meet her at the park at 8:00. I instantly started sweating. I knew she wanted to see what I had thought about over the last few days. 

I met her at the park and I jumped into her jeep. We drove up the road a little bit to the high school parking lot. She turned the car off as we started talking. She asked me if I liked what I had seen. I told her that I had never seen anything that turned me on as much as she did that day. She got out of her seat, crawled on top of me and started kissing me. I couldn't believe what was happening, my greatest fantasy was unfolding right then and there. She grabbed my cock and asked if anyone had ever given me a blow job. I told her that Julie had teased me a little, but no, I had never gotten a blow job before. She was shocked at my innocence. She pulled my hard cock out of my pants, started teasing it with her tongue. She told me to relax, but how could I? I had a married woman between my legs starting to suck on my cock! I looked up and see a police officer driving into the parking lot. I told her to get up, because the last thing we needed was for a cop to bust us in this position! 

I knew of a dirt road not far from there, so we pulled into an area that we knew there would not be any traffic. She turned off the car and climbed back into position and started stroking and licking my cock. I could tell that she was playing with herself with her free hand, she was just as turned on as I was! Tina took off her jeans and panties and climbed on top of me. She took my cock in her hand and started rubbing her pussy with my cock. She was moaning and so wet. She stopped for a second and asked me what I wanted to do. She was being so genuine and soft with me. She said, "I can finish you off with an amazing blow job, or I can let you fuck me, it is totally up to you and nobody has to know."

She started stroking her clit again with my cock, and I knew what she wanted. I thrust my cock inside her! She gasped and said "Oh my God, fuck! You are so much bigger than my husband." 

She started riding me harder and harder. I knew I wasn't going to last long since it was my first time, but she was prepared. She had a towel sitting on the console. She told me to pull out when I was close and she would finish me off. She felt so amazing, and a few minutes later I could feel an orgasm coming. I pulled out, and she stroked my cock with her hands until I exploded onto her stomach. She wiped it off with the towel, but she kept stroking my cock as we talked. My erection wasn't going away so I told her to climb back on. She gave me a smile and jumped right back on and I slid inside her again. We made love in the front seat of her jeep for a second time. I could not believe what was happening, the woman of my dreams was bouncing on my dick somewhere in the woods while her husband was at home. I told her I was about to cum again expecting her to pull me out, this time she sat all the way down on my cock as my juices filled her up. This turned her on even more! She got off of me and said it was her turn to finish. She sat up on the dash and started rubbing her clit. I was in heaven, watching my fantasy woman finger herself right in front of me. I wanted to stick my face in there, but she wouldn't let me. She wanted me to watch. 

We finished up with a long good night kiss. She told me that I better call her next time I was in town... And that's a story for another time.