 Lorna is a very sexy woman, although when I tell her that, she coyly disagrees, and describes herself as being overweight. The US Public Health Service issues charts that describe the perfect weight for individuals, using only height as the criteria, and by their standards, Lorna is a little overweight because she weighs more than their ideal. This "ideal" would be Ally McBeal, or someone built like her, and nobody would ever accuse Lorna of being built like Ally McBeal. She is a little over five feet tall and has what she calls “some extra padding” and I call “just the right amount of padding”. Above her sexy body sits a very pretty face, with short, curly auburn hair, with her most striking features being her big, sexy brown eyes. All in all, a really beautiful woman.

The last time I went to her apartment, Lorna let me in, locked the door and put on the security lock. She is rather cautious but once satisfied about our privacy, she held open her arms for me. We embraced and I kissed her lips, her teeth and her tongue. Lorna was glad to see me, and she showed it, sharing a series of erotic kisses. After temporarily separating our mouths, she took my hand and led me into the bedroom. 

Lorna is a big fan of the late Barry White and the first thing she did in the bedroom was to turn on her CD player. There were five extra-length discs of his rumbling voice, and they would keep playing over and over until the player was turned off. Lorna and I expected to spend several hours making love, and our pleasure would be enhanced by the sexy voice of big Barry. The first song to be played was I’m gonna Love You Just a Little More, Baby; Lorna danced sexily to that, and removed her dress at the end, leaving herself wearing bra and panties. The next number was Love Serenade, and when Barry got to the part that went I don’t wanna feel no clothes / I don’t wanna see no panties, Lorna pulled the offending garment down and stepped out of it and when the crooner followed that line with Take off that brassiere, my dear, Lorna reached behind her back, unhooked her bra and tossed it aside. Totally naked, when that song ended, she lay on her back, juices running profusely from her pussy and her legs raised in welcome. Not waiting for a more formal invitation, I joined her, shedding my shirt.

As Barry started crooning It’s Getting Hotter All the Time, I slipped a pillow under Lorna’s ass, braced my shoulders against the backs of her legs and wrapped my arms around her thighs. My face was inches from her pussy, and I breathed deeply of the delectably fragrant juices, then buried my face and feasted on those juices. They tasted even more delightful than they had smelled. The rumbling voice of Barry White went on about how it is getting hotter while Lorna got more aroused as I slowly licked the small area between one of her inner and outer pussy lips, starting below her pink love hole. When I reached the place where the labia are close together, I probed my tongue between them and licked both surfaces. Just as the song ended, “I don’t know about you, George, but I’m sure getting hotter,” Lorna murmured happily. Her pussy was already humping into my face and I could smell more of her delectable fresh juices.

I continued slowly licking Lorna’s soft, smooth pussy lips to the accompaniment of Barry’s sexy voice. Change and Come on started and finished while I licked my way between her labia. The next song started and Lorna hummed along, even singing some of the lines but her accompaniment to the song was interrupted by her delighted cooing as my tongue slowly licked its way past her clit hood, where the two inner pussy lips join. I licked to the end of the outer lip and then returned to caress the top of the hood, indirectly stimulating the adorable love button sheltering there. Lorna’s pussy was fucking harder than ever into my face and I thought I had better enjoy the fresh juices before they all soaked into the sheets.

“That’s you; you’re the super lover. I really love the way you eat my pussy.” Lorna was referring to Barry White’s rendition of Super Lover, as it started undulating from the CD player. I had just devoured all the fresh juices from Lorna’s pussy and I was licking my way up her other lips, while her pussy fucked still stronger into my face. With her voice broken by her sighing and moaning, it was hard to understand what Lorna was saying but I understood that much. The melodious voice of Barry White continued through more songs as I licked my way along the second pair of pussy lips, all the way to the end of the outer lip again.

This time, I reached her clit hood, just as Barry was finishing How Did You Know It Was Me, and licked her there, gently, indirectly stimulating the adorable love toy sheltering under its protection. “I knew it was you, George. Nobody eats my pussy like you do. I want to cum but not too soon because your mouth feels so good,” was Lorna’s wish, and mine too. 

Just as I slipped my tongue under the protective hood to caress Lorna’s clit, Barry started on There It Is. “Yes! Yes! There it is. Lick me there, George, it feels so good. It’s wonderful,” was Lorna’s entreaty. I licked her there and it was wonderful for me too. We both enjoyed it immensely, but I licked gently and not for too long a time. My mouth and her pussy had more pleasuring to do for each other before it would be time for Lorna to cum.

As Barry sang Oh, What a Night for Dancing, my tongue started dancing along the edge of Lorna’s wet love hole, squeezing her delicious juices into my mouth. Her pussy was fucking even stronger into my face as I Wanna Do It to You started. Lorna interrupted her moans of pleasure to say “I want you to do it to me. I want it. Give it to me.” What I was giving to her then were stiff probes of my tongue into the inner surface of her inner pussy lips, moving back and forth over her wet love hole, dipping my tongue in to enjoy the delicious taste. Lorna was almost ready to cum and one or two more songs, with my tongue accompanying the singer would do it.

As I started licking the top edge of her love hole, Barry started on Love Serenade and Lorna was serenading me with her moans of pleasure while jamming her pussy against my face. When I probed my tongue between her vagina and her clit, I was indirectly caressing her clit again. Lorna was ready to cum and her thigh muscles had rotated outward, presenting her pussy fully to my mouth. I sucked her adorable clit into my mouth, and caressed the engorged sides and top of her love button.

Lorna started cumming just as the strains of Put me in Your Mix started emanating from the CD player and Lorna put me in her mix, squeezing my temples with her thighs and oscillating her legs while her ass almost lifted off the bed, she was driving her crotch into my face so hard. Her hands held the back of my head and pressed my face into her pussy, where we both wanted it to be, with her clit held securely in my mouth and my tongue continuing its caressing. Lorna kept cumming almost as long as the song continued playing, finally climaxing with her back arching and her pussy making one last thrust into my face. After enjoying her orgasm, Lorna relaxed back on the bed, her arms spread out at her side and her legs still draped over my shoulders. There were plenty of fresh cum juices to please my palate but I made sure to leave enough for lubrication because I knew that in a few minutes, my cock would be in Lorna’s pussy.

My face was covered with Lorna’s juices and I licked off what I could and scraped most of it off with my fingers, and then licked my fingers. The rest, I wiped off with a corner of the sheet and when I was through with that, I undressed the rest of the way and put on my condom. When I returned to the bed between Lorna’s legs, she was smilingly ready for me. 

I’m Qualified to Satisfy You was the song being played when I moved up on the bed, my cock stiff and ready for Lorna’s pussy. “Your tongue and lips are really qualified to eat my pussy, George, and I know you can satisfy me with your cock too,” was what she said, as she spread her pussy lips to aid my penetration. Lorna murmured happily as I first made entry and, as I slowly thrust forward, wedging my cock into where we both wanted it, she was cooing with pleasure. With my cock all the way in, I curled my arms under Lorna’s and she reached up to pull me to her. Our lips and our tongues shared a long, deep kiss while I drew my cock back and made the first thrust into her pussy. 

Lorna sighed happily as my cock slid all the way in and I kissed her again just before the second stroke of my cock. This time she fucked her pussy back to meet me. All my weight was on my knees and elbows so Lorna was free to move under me any way she wanted. For the first few strokes of my cock she thrust straight back to meet me enjoying the feel of my cock all the way in her pussy. “That’s so good, George,” she murmured. “I love making love with you.”

Just then, the next song on the CD started, I Love Making Love” and Lorna giggled and fucked her pussy back even stronger to meet the thrust of my cock. “I think Barry White is listening to us,” she said. He may have been and if he were also watching us, he would have seen me plunging my cock slowly into Lorna’s pussy over and over, and her fucking back to meet me. Her legs were around my hips and her arms were around my neck and she pulled herself almost off the bed just as Barry started singing I’ve Got So Much to Give”. I want everything you’ve got to give, George,” she whispered.

While I was supporting most of her weight, Lorna changed her motion. Instead of thrusting straight back, she started moving clockwise in a circular motion, timing it so my cock was driving forward when she was at the three o’clock position and drawing back when she was at the nine o’clock position. My cock massaged the inside of her love hole from different angles, providing ever changing stimulation. This is a good position to use but tiring for both of us so we only continued it for a few minutes. Lorna loosened her holds on my neck and hips and relaxed back on the bed as the last strains of Love Ain’t Easy came from the CD player. “That wasn’t easy but it was fun” she said as she resumed thrusting her pussy straight back to meet the strokes of my cock. 

Besides being fun, it had brought Lorna close to cumming. As her body writhed on the bed under me, she told me “I’m getting ready to cum, George. I need more on my clit.” Before I could respond, For Your Love, I’ll Do Most Anything started to pour from the CD player.

“For your love, I’ll do most anything,” I answered her, and I also answered her by moving forward on top of her so my cock was plunging more down into her pussy, producing more contact with her clit. Lorna murmured her appreciation, both of Barry White and of what my cock was doing for her. She tightened her legs around my hips and we continued to fuck in this new position. 

After many strokes and more songs, Lorna said to me, “I’m ready to cum. I feel the passion; I need to fuck faster.” As if on cue, the deep voice of Barry White singing Passion billowed from the CD player as I started fucking faster. I was glad that Lorna was ready to cum because I was also and I had been holding off and waiting for her. I increased the speed of my strokes and Lorna fucked back just as fast.

After a few minutes of driving my cock hard into Lorna’s pussy and heavily massaging her clit, we enjoyed the mellow voice of Barry White in What Am I Gonna Do with You. “Do? What are you gonna do with me, George? You’re gonna make me cum. Now. I’m cumming now!” was Lorna’s answer to her own question. Her arms squeezed my shoulders and her legs squeezed my hips and, as I plowed my cock into her pussy, she rammed back to meet me, stronger and harder than ever. You’re the First, the Last, My Everything started its turn on the CD player. 

As the song that I think of as Barry White’s signature song oozed from the speakers, Lorna continued cumming, rocking back and forth, bouncing up and down and digging her fingernails into my shoulders. We fucked each other as hard and as fast as we could until Lorna, arching her back and thrusting her pussy into me, reached her climax just as Barry reached the climax of his song with “You’re the first; you’re the last; you’re my everything”. As the music from that song faded, I climaxed too, ejaculating into my condom. There was a short delay as the player changed to another disk while Lorna and I relaxed on the bed. Spent and content, we lay in each other’s arms.

As we lay on the bed in what is usually described as an afterglow, Barry White started singing Your Sweetness Is My Weakness. “I really like Barry White,” Lorna whispered to me. “I like his voice and the way he sells a song, but the thing I like the most is that he always seems to know what to sing.”