 It was late Saturday night, Brook trudged into the loud sports bar around the corner from her house and threw her arms on the bar as she plopped herself on the stool across from where Kate was mixing drinks.

Kate was a wild card, always care free and spontaneous with a smile on her face. She kept life fun and she knew how to keep secrets, which is why she made the perfect best friend, roommate and bar tender. 

"I have a confession to make." Brook yelled over the crowd.

A smile burst across Kate's face as she leaned forward, "This ought to be good, what did you do this time?"

"I'm the creepy person at the gym." Brook said pointing to herself. Her smile belied her serious tone.

"WHAT? What are you talking about?" Kate asked chuckling at her friend while she wiped down the counter.

Brook's head fell back as she groaned toward the ceiling. "You know the creepy person that stares at you while you work out? I'm that person!" Brook leaned her head back down and stared at her friend in the eye with a small smile teasing her lips. "I'm totally the creepy stalker, staring at you nonstop, person at the gym and I can't stop!"

"Um, is it everyone you are staring at like this, is it a few people, or a special someone?" Kate asked with a quirked brow. "Do I need to be worried?"

"It's one person; I can't take my eyes off of him. I've tried... seriously. There's just something about him, he's not a pretty boy or some huge meathead. He's just..." Brook trailed off.

"He's just..." Kate prodded

"Hot! He's around 5ft 11, 190lbs and he's bald, like bic bald, but he always has a 5'oclock shadow on his face and head. When he's lifting he grits his teeth and he looks so freaking sexy. I wonder if he gets that look when he's about to cum." 

Kate busts up laughing again. "Brook, hun I think you're obsessed. This is fun! I've never seen you like this."

"I'm a little obsessed." Brook confessed,"... and I may or may not have burned and extra 128 calories at the gym today, because of him."

"How is that even possible? What he's just so hot you burn calories looking at him?"

"Pretty much!" Brook giggled. "I was on the elliptical and he was on the chest press machine, which is right across from the cardio equipment. He was staring at himself in the mirror and I could see him doing that teeth clenching thing I was telling you about. Sweat was lightly covering his bald head and I swear I just wanted to go over there and straddle him on that damn machine and lick the sweat off his beautiful bald head! I couldn't stop thinking about all the things I wanted to do to him. I couldn't stop imagining him naked sitting back with me on his lap holding the bars as I rode him. I was so freaking turned on; I kept going faster and faster on the elliptical. It was a total rush, my heart was pounding, but I wasn't tired at all! My whole work out today was like that. I just kept staring at him and pushing myself harder."

"I think I may have to go to the gym with you tomorrow." Kate said as she laughed her ass off.

"Tomorrow's his rest day, but come with me Monday! You can distract me so I don't make an ass of myself or you could point out something that's wrong with him so I can get over this crazy obsession." 

"It's a little scary you know his rest day... I'm just saying." Kate snickered as she slid a shot over to her. 

"Exactly!" Brook shouted before throwing back the shot. 

"So, is this all one sided? Does he know you are staring at him? Does he stare back?" Kate started unloading questions on Brook. 

"Oh, he's caught me staring and we've made eye contact a few times, but to be honest I am usually so caught up in staring at and lusting after the other parts of his body I'm not too concerned with what his eyes are doing." Brook laughed. 

"Maybe you should be; he's probably eye fucking you right back!" 

That night Brook lay in her messy bed tossing back and forth, her scissoring legs tearing at her crumbled sheets. Every time she closed her eyes she would imagine herself back at the gym staring across the room at the sexy stranger. Lust curled through her entire body; her limbs twitched, her swollen nipples scratched against her tight cami and her pussy was drenched and achy. 

Exhausted, she gave up trying to fight the intense urges and reached down into her white lace panties. Her clit was erect and juice covered the inside of her legs. Brook closed her eyes and imagined, as she had earlier at the gym, walking over to the chest press where her sexy stranger was working out. 

In her fantasy he sat there covered in sweat wearing a T shirt with the arms cut off and a pair of basketball shorts. His eyes ran the length of her as she stood in front of him wearing her black capri running tights and tank top with no bra. 

"Do you want to work in with me?" she imagined him saying.

"No, I want to fuck you." She saw herself leaning down and bluntly whispering into his ear as she took hold of his shorts and pulled them down his toned hairless legs. She envisioned him grabbing her wrists as she stood then instantly returning the favor, pulling down her pants and yanking her onto his lap.

Slowly Brook massaged her outer lips with her fingertips occasionally dipping into her moist hole teasing herself. Her clit throbbed and she moaned as her palm brushed lightly against it. She imagined it was his straining cock, teasing her. Unable to stand the pressure any more she sank two fingers deep inside her and pressed her palm hard against her tender clit. 

The image in her mind of him beneath her, filling her with his hard cock, had her teetering on the edge of her orgasm. Brook bucked her curvy hips as she worked her fingers in and out of her soaking pussy never letting up on the pressure of her hand. She could almost feel his hands on her hips lifting her up and down over his massive erection. 

Brook worked her hand as fast as she could and imagined looking up at his rugged face grimacing in pleasure. That sole image sent her over the top and juice poured from her pussy as it contracted around her fingers. 

Exhausted Brook passed out her hand still resting inside her soaked panties. 

Sunday seemed to drag on forever and on Monday morning Brook was so excited to get to the gym that she dragged Kate in 20 minutes early. By the time the sexy stranger showed up they were both well into their cardio workout and covered in sweat. Kate was watching the television and Brook pretended to watch between bouts of staring at the door. 

"Kate!" Brook hissed softly as she turned to her friend and shook her head towards the door.

Kate's head snapped over and she stopped moving on the elliptical to look over her friend's head to see the object of Brook's obsession walking over to the leg section of the gym. 

"Yeah, he's pretty hot! I think he's looking over here." 

"Crap! Stop looking! Can you try not to be so damn obvious?" Brook said burying her head against the machine for a moment before composing herself. 

"Sorry, but yeah he is hot. You should go talk to him." Kate urged.

Brook looked over at Kate like she had lost her damn mind. "I'm not going to talk to him. This isn't a bar, people don't come here to hook up they come here to work out. Besides, I've never hit on a guy before; I've always let them come up to me and I doubt I could form two words if I spoke to him. You are supposed to be talking me out of this. You're supposed to be helping me get over this weird creeper thing I have going on." 

"Hey" Kate said nudging Brook in the arm. "Look!" Kate tossed her chin to the left and Brooks head turned.

"He's checking you out!" Kate sang with a laughing voice. 

Brook faltered on the machine as her gaze suddenly met his. "Oh shit." Brook whispered. 

There he sat with his legs extended on the leg press, eyes locked on her. Her breath caught in her chest as her mouth opened in a gasp. God he was so sexy. Her gait slowed on the elliptical machine, until he started moving his legs back into a crouched position; as he moved she began to move faster. Her heart hammered in her chest and she gripped the handles on the machine until her knuckles turned white. 

Minutes seemed to pass with neither of them looking away from each other. His legs kept pumping rhythmically away at the machine and Brook had a vague thought that he had gone way over the normal 12 to 15 reps. A light sheen broke out across his sexy bald head and Brook's tongue brushed across her lips at the thought of going over and tasting his salty skin. 

The sound of his weights crashing down as his legs finally gave out snapped both of them out their lustfully charged moment. He dropped his head and looked down wiping his forehead on the side of his sleeve. 

Brook looked over at Kate. "I'm totally fucked!"

"Yep!" Kate nodded matter-of-factly. 

Brook spent the rest of their workout trying to avoid looking over at the sexy stranger. The few times she "casually" scanned the room his eyes were trained toward her and a ghost of a smile lit his lips.

Brook racked her weights in order to leave and started towards the ladies room. "I'm going to wash my hands and grab my bag out of the locker." Brook looked back." You coming?"

"Actually I think I'm going to do a few more reps and then grab a drink. You go ahead and I will meet you in there." Kate replied 

She watched as Brook walked into the ladies room making sure she waited a few seconds before walking over to Brook's sexy stranger, who was now working his calves. He looked up surprised and gently lowered the weights looking at her expectantly.

"I saw you looking at my friend Brook while we were working out." Kate paused, trying to quickly work a plan out in her head. He sat on the machine staring at her waiting for her to go on.

"I know this is a bit juvenile, but Brook's mentioned you before and has quite the crush. She's not the type to ask a guy out and she would kill me if she knew I came over here so I have to be quick about this. Would you be willing to go out on a sort of blind date with her, maybe this Friday?" 

"I'm busy this Friday, but I'll be free Saturday if she's available." His tone was clipped and stern. 

"Perfect!" Kate said with enthusiasm. "Do you know the sports bar over off of Bryant Street?" 

"I do." He said still showing no emotion. 

"How does eight o'clock sound?" 

Suspicion tensed the corners of his eyes. "That's fine, but why the blind date? I could just walk over there and ask her out." 

Kate's face lit up and she laughed musically, "Because it's so much more fun this way! She will be surprised. Eight o'clock Saturday?"

"I'll be there." Finally a small smile began to curve the edge of his lips and he turned his head away going back to his work out. 

Kate walked into the bathroom and jumped up to sit on the sink counter where Brook was washing her hands.

"I need a favor." Kate said as she tried hard to keep a straight face.

"NO!" Brook teasingly shot back.

Kate ignored her still focusing on not laughing. "I need you to go on a blind date for me."

"HELL NO!" All the humor left Brook's voice and she shot Kate a dirty look.

"It would really help me out. I promised Lisa I would go out with her friend on Saturday, but no one is able to cover for me at the bar. He's supposedly pretty good looking. It will be fun."

Brook looked back at herself in the mirror. "Nope!"

"It's just one date and it will help get your mind off of gym guy out there." Kate could go all day with the rebuttals. She often scared even herself with how well she could adlib conversations and she apparently was on a role today.

Brook pursed her full lips and searched her friends face. "OK, but that innocent face doesn't fool me. I know you are always up to some sneaky shit and if this guy ends up to be a total tool you are going to owe me."

"I don't doubt that a bit." Kate smirked.

Tuesday was another rest day at the gym. Brook's usual schedule was Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, which incidentally happened to match her sexy stranger's schedule. When Wednesday came Brook bounded out of her room sporting a huge smile, her black running tights, sports bra and a skin tight tank top that showed off every inch of her feminine curves. The white tank made her luscious tan breasts look hypnotizingly pronounced. In her rush she almost ran Kate over. 

"HEY!! What's your deal?" Kate questioned.

"Today's arms and chest baby!" Brook gleefully shouted over her shoulder as she slammed the door and rushed to the gym. 

Brook once again found herself staring at the mirror and into the eyes of the man that seemed to occupy most of her daily and all of her nightly thoughts. Her breath heaved in her chest and her legs pumped harder on her machine. She watched as the lean muscles rippled in his arms and the vein in his neck began to stick out. It took all she had to not walk over and suck that vein into her mouth. She wanted to trace it with her tongue all the way up his neck.

Brook's nipples were painfully hard and she knew they were showing through her tight top. She could feel the wetness of her horny pussy soaking through her pants and she gave herself a brief mental pat on the back for at least wearing the black ones so no one would notice. With every lift of the weights his mouth moved between that beautiful gritting of teeth and his lips closing in an exhale. His eyes bore into her like she was a piece of meat he was about to devour. 

Brook had never in her life been this aroused, especially without having actually been touched. With every step she took her pants brushed across her sensitive clit. He pushed the weights forward on his last rep and slightly thrust his hips drawing Brook's attention to his waist. She could barely make out the outline of his erection in his loose gym shorts. Her eyes flew to his and he mouthed what she could swear was "I want you!" 

Brooks pussy clenched violently and she gripped the machine as a small orgasm over took her. Her sexy stranger's lips turned up in a knowing grin and as soon as she could walk she rushed to get her stuff and ran out the doors.

Brook tried as hard as she could to focus on her upcoming blind date, but thoughts of her sexy stranger continued to occupy her mind constantly. She was so embarrassed by what had happened that day at the gym that she decided to skip Friday's work out. She tried to convince herself that she was skipping just so she could go shopping for a new outfit for her date, but deep down she knew it was because she was mortified. 

Luckily her time avoiding the gym was well spent and she found an amazing short casual blue dress that matched her eyes perfectly as well as a sexy pair of sling back peek toed heels that showed off her toned legs. 

The outfit seemed to bring back a little of her confidence so Saturday morning she found herself back in the gym. She promised herself she wouldn't look for him that day and was successful in keeping her head down and focused through her warm up and her weight lifting. She knew he was there though and could feel his fervent stare on her the entire time. 

She was five minutes into her cardio when she had to look up. It was the song, "Stranger Ways" by Anberlin. She had been listening to it on repeat for the last two weeks, because for some reason it reminded her of him. As soon as the opening notes of it came through the gym speakers her gaze flew to him. 

His acute stare bore into her. The all too familiar feeling of need and lust infused her body as soon as their eyes met and her knees briefly weakened. How much longer were they going to play this game she wondered? Her eyes stayed locked on his until the last verse then she bowed her head, closed her eye and just listened as the song played out. When she eventually looked back up he was gone. Brook stepped off the machine grabbed her stuff out of the locker room and headed home. 

Brook spent the day primping and when it was time to leave she slid on her shoes and studied herself in her full length mirror. Her long dark hair flowed nicely down her back in loose curls, her dress clung to her accentuating her lush curves. Her makeup was soft and natural with the exception of her light smokey eyes. She walked out to meet Kate so that they could walk together to the bar.

"Holy shit Little Miss if I didn't have to work tonight I'd be taking you out myself or at least back into my bed room." Kate exclaimed her mouth open wide in awe as she walked around her friend.

"I really did need something to distract me and shopping seemed to be the only thing I could do. Do you really think I look ok?"

"Hell yes now let's go! I don't want to be late." Kate said dragging Brook out of the door.

The bar was packed with UFC fans there to watch the fight. Loud cheers from the men screaming at the TV echoed off the walls. Kate pulled Brook to a stool and then went around to the swinging doors to take her place behind the bar.

"I can't believe I am doing this for you!" Brook screamed over the crowd. "You tell me nothing about this guy, you don't know his name. How are we even going to know who he is when he shows up?"

Kate looked at the clock on the wall behind her. 

"He should be here in three minutes."

"That answered exactly none of my questions smart ass." Brook quipped

Kate held up a finger to wait a minute, she quickly made a vodka redbull and slid it over to Brook. 

"You're going to need that." Kate snickered.

Brook looked down at the drink. "Fuck!" she grimaced and watch Kate walk off to take orders. 

She had barely finished the last drop when two strong hands circled her waist and she felt lips press into her hair right beside her ear and a slightly accented voice say, "I've been looking forward to this all week. I almost lost it today at the gym, but seeing you now... you were definitely worth the wait. You look absolutely stunning in this dress!" 

Her head snapped to the side and her eyes collided with the one set she had been futilely trying all week long to forget. Jaw gapping she looked over every inch of his smooth attractive face taking it all in. Fighting her desire to reach up and touch him, she forced her mouth to close and sat there wide eyed and head reeling. 

"This isn't exactly the reaction I was hoping to receive." He muttered looking over towards Kate who was doing a horrible job of trying to look occupied.

"I'm... I'm just shocked it's you. I can't believe it's you!" Her eyes scanned the length of his body and holy shit... she thought he was hot before. The man was absolutely gorgeous in a white dress shirt, the first couple buttons undone to show off a hint of his muscled chest. His legs were covered in a pair of dark relaxed jeans. "Did... did Kate put you up to this?" Brook words were stilted as she glanced back and forth between Kate and the man standing before her.

"She did." He said looking back at her pulling her chin closer to his face and looking deep into her eyes. "I wanted you long before your friend decided to play match maker though." He let go of her chin and took her hand. "I'm Derek by the way."

"It's nice to finally meet you Derek."

A shy smile crept across Brooks face as Derek leaned in closer to her again speaking into her ear; his soft lips brushing her skin as he spoke. "I was hoping we could go somewhere quieter, where we could talk and get to know each other." 

For the last two months all Brook had thought about was getting this delicious man into her bed. Turning her head and looking him right in the eye she spoke the first words that popped into her mind. 

"My house is right around the corner." Her voice was low, but confident. The lust and desire in her gaze erased any doubt as to what she was offering. Seconds passed by as they sat there silently communicating their intentions to each other. It was like every eye fucking minute they spent in the gym condensed into one moment. 
