 Hey! So this is a bonus chapter, not technically part of my main story, just something fun I decided to write. It's a look into what Suzie went through that made her feel like she had to go see Jack in part 3. All fiction in this story is just that, so if you feel like I'm retelling something that happened to you or someone you know, that's completely coincidental. If you want more of these side-chapters or you want me to keep to the main narrative just let me know in the comments below. Happy fapping! 

SoftlyPressingOnward 

***** 

It was hot. It was so fucking hot in the coffee shop where Suzie worked, even though she'd never had a problem with the store's temperature before that morning. Beads of sweat were noticeably running down her forehead and, hidden from everyone, down her back and her chest. The bra she'd only had on for a couple of hours was feeling so uncomfortably warm and wet. It was torture. 

Standing there, taking customers' orders, listening to them yammer on about low-fat this and foam-free that was doing nothing to distract her from her discomfort. Suzie was thinking about something else, something far more interesting. 

Every time Suzie closed her eyes she was whisked away to the night before. How she'd been rewarded for finally making a move. How her desire had finally pushed her to overcome her hesitation. 

So she kept taking orders and filling them. Her co-worker noticed something was off, however. Lia was quick to pick up on how flustered Suzie looked. Her hair wasn't carefully straightened like it usually was, her face was flush and she was undeniably distracted. 

Lia made a note to ask her friend what the deal was later, but in the meantime, offered to cover for her if she wanted a break. Suzie gratefully accepted and said she was just a little under the weather. 

Inside, Suzie was more turned on than she had ever been. Recalling the feeling of Jack sliding into her holes, and the fullness she enjoyed when he bottomed out inside of her was all her brain could picture at the moment. The sweat was being matched by the wetness her panties were struggling to contain. As she sat in the break room, her legs tightened and squirmed, as she chewed on her lower lip, thinking about the scent of the man she had in her bed last night. 

Every inch of her ached to be explored by him again. She wanted another chance to stifle her gasps and moans on his toned muscles, and to lick his abs on her way down to her prize. 

At this point, it was apparent to Suzie that something had to be done. Her panties were soaked through and she knew that this intense fire that Jack had lit under her wouldn't go away unless she could cum and relieve the tension. 

Suzie made her way to the employee bathroom, putting on an act of normalcy so as to not attract attention. Every moment counted and every moment she wasn't taking care of the the urge to suck and fuck just felt like hell. Each step she took, this girl felt like the world was watching her and knew all about what she was up to. Finally making it through the door, she looked at what she had to work with. 

An impeccably clean (thank goodness for Lia) toilet, sink and a bucket filled with semi-current magazines populated this small, white-tiled room. Beneath this mountain of celebrity gossip and juicy tabloids was something very important. Suzie lifted the pile to find what she was looking for. What was found was a marble rod, about 6 inches long, with both sides rounded off. The average person might think it was some weird weight to make sure the magazine bucket couldn't slide around. But in actuality, it was salvation. 

The rod was for the sole purpose of making the night shift at this coffee shop far more tolerable for the all-female baristas who worked there. It was part of the informal initiation that after 2 months of working at the shop, a co-worker would inform the new girl about The Helper and would tell her to keep it clean and ready for the next night-shift worker. 

Suzie had never used The Helper before. Her night-shifts were pretty busy, and she regularly found herself caught up in a "crisis" that she or her co-workers had unintentionally caused. By the time the thought would occur to her, she would be too tired to bother. But there and then, during a morning shift, in the middle of the coffee-rush, she was going to find out what all the fuss was about. 

Suzie pulled her pants down and removed them along with her shoes. Then she gingerly peeled off her light pink panties that were stained by a big, wet mark in the middle. She would have to decide what to do with those later, as even the process of getting half-naked was making her impatient. 

Sitting on the cold seat cover, she scooted back as best she could and then lifter her legs up onto it. Years of gymnastics and dance classes had given her the flexibility to comfortably lower her knees to the side, allowing her easy access to her glistening vagina. Splaying herself not only gave her an easy reach, but also filled the room with the smell of her sex. 

The cold, stone dildo felt heavy in her soft hands. Her blue colored nails slid against the rock as her finger ran against the length of the toy. She was excited, and only wished she could have Jack here to watch her do this. 

Suzie guided The Helper to her waiting hole, and as the tip pressed against her opening, she jolted from how cold it was. She should have anticipated that, but she hoped the heat exuding from her body would take care of the problem fairly quickly. She winced as The Helper found its way into her, burying deeper and deeper, slipping past incredible slick, tight walls. 

Her eyes closed as she imagined Jack. Gorgeous Jack. Big, strong, sexy Jack. 

In and out The Helper slid, gliding along the river of juices forming around it. Suzie's whole body was tensing from the feeling of finally getting what it wanted. Suzie knew she had to make it a quick one, but once she got going, she began to melt into the warm waves washing over her. 

The speed of the thrusting increased, and with it, so did the intensity. She grabbed tightly onto the seat, clinging for dear life. Her breath was getting deeper and faster. The marble of The Helper was now warm and wet, and the toy was getting harder to keep in her hands. 

Suzie pulled out The Helper and attempted to remove some of the lubrication. After covering it with her saliva by licking it up and down, the penis-shaped rock was then sucked clean by the horny teenager, and was then lowered back down, this time to her red, swollen clit. 

Shuddering with pleasure, the circles she made on her clit made Suzie let out a sigh. Her other hand had made its way down as well. Her index finger entered into her, and then once it could make enough room, the middle finger joined it. Pressing against her g-spot, she bent them and tickled her insides with a bit of force. Combined with the teasing of her clit, Suzie knew she wouldn't be able to keep this up for long without giving herself an orgasm. 

She continued, trying her best to keep quiet and stay balanced on the seat. Her ab muscles and asshole began to tense as the circles on her clit became wider and lightning fast. Her fingers sank deeper into her and dragged along the slippery pink texture she was so enthusiastically playing with. They were soon followed by a third finger, which easily joined the others in the slippery mess. She felt amazing. 

It wasn't long before her fantasizing and her rigorous masturbating caught up with her. The increased sensitivity and pleasure told her she was getting close, and she knew it would be a big one. She decided to put the thick piece of rock back inside of her. 

Suzie repeatedly plunged The Helper all the way into herself and pulled it out slowly, focusing on the sensation of getting filled up suddenly. Her fingers, now tightly together in a row and resting on her pubic bone, flicked and rubbed against her clit. She was so, so close. 

She thought of Jack on top of her, fucking her senseless while she went to town on her clit. The thought of it being something she could have now, whenever she wanted it, whenever she needed it, sent her over the edge. She came, and bucked, and stifled screams of pleasure and release. Her whole body felt like it was being rocked as electricity ran through it. With eyes shut she twisted on the seat, holding onto it, trying to find her way back to earth. 

Eventually, she slumped back onto the toilet. Sweaty, and looking as disheveled as she did blissful, Suzie settled on cleaning up and getting back to work. She ran The Helper under warm soapy water, cleaned it, and then added some hand sanitizer to it just to be safe. She then put it back in its hiding spot and got dressed, doing her best to make herself as presentable as she ever was. The pretty panties she had so generously drenched in her own lady-cum was rinsed, patted dry with towels, and put back on. 

Heading back out of the washroom, Suzie told Lia it was her turn to take a quickie, to which Lia replied only with a big smile and nod. Her grin told her that she knew something, but it didn't worry her. Lia was not a snitch and she generally got along great with her, so Suzie decided to let it go. 

It wasn't even an hour after she came back to the front counter that the shop started to feel hot again. She couldn't stop thinking about everything that had happened and now even the image of her own bathroom adventure was getting her turned on! This was getting ridiculous and she realized it was time to see Jack and take care of things. 

Her better judgement couldn't talk her out of letting the manager know she was going to have to take a sick day, but it could make her realize all this action would lead to a very sore pussy. Not one to give up due to circumstance, Suzie dedicated herself to a new plan. She though up a way she could have Jack take her again, without worrying about not being able to walk later. 

Finally, she would get what she wanted.