 See? I told you this part would be out by the end of August. This one is a bit more...involved in terms of getting down to the actual sex. Still just m/f, but luckily I've thrown in some masturbation, voyeurism, shower fun and butt-stuff, so enjoy that. Of course all fiction depicted here is just that. If this resembles you or anyone you know, that's purely coincidental. Same goes for part 2. 

I'm thinking of making a bonus part where we see Suzie's day at work. If you're interested, sound off in the comments below! Any other comments or criticism are welcome too, but play nice. Stay frosty. 

SoftlyPressingOnward 

***** 

Once, I was a 20-year-old man. I found myself standing next to a familiar kitchen table, feeling increasingly distressed. My best friend's mother and father were at either side of the table, and at the head of it was their daughter, Suzie. 

Suzie, the same girl I had spent the most incredible night of my life with just a few hours earlier. Suzie, the girl who had given me the best sex I could ever dream of. Suzie, who was giving me a look that could only mean "Jack, why the hell are you still here!?" 

That look would have been my primary concern if not for her father smiling and shaking his head at his breakfast. He'd just referred to me as Casanova, and was very entertained but his own little joke. It was clear by his demeanor that he knew something. Though after the shock had settled, I couldn't help but wonder why he'd be in any way happy about what his daughter and I had done. "Don't look so surprised, kid," he pointed to his neck, "I just noticed some vixen left her mark on you." All at once I was horrified and relieved. 

"James! Leave him alone, it's none of our business," she reprimanded, as she shot me a look of intrigue. Maybe she didn't know I had it in me. Maybe she had noticed Suzie's pupils shrink, a result of her recalling marking her prize while I was sleeping. Maybe she wasn't staring at my neck at all... 

"Ha ha...no," I was blushing, "I just have a pretty bad rash from some sunscreen I was trying." I remain to this day a poor liar, and that lie was particularly weak, but all that mattered was getting out of there. I darted up the stairs and when I got to Suzie's room, I spotted my phone with a notification for a new email. It was from Suzie. 

My eyes went wide as I opened a picture on my phone to reveal a shot of Suzie, dressed in half of her uniform, bottomless, sitting on the side of the tub. Her fingers were pulling her lower lips apart with her legs spread wide open. A full frontal view of her pink, wet, pussy was on display. 

I held the phone tightly in my hands, the world around me fading. On closer inspection, she was still leaking a bit of my cum from that morning's escapades. The green of her shirt contrasted the pink in the center of the image so perfectly, that my eye couldn't quite focus on anything else. 

I sat and admired this unexpected gift, but my appreciation was cut short by a fresh text from the same number, telling me to come downstairs so she could get me out of there. 

I ran down the stairs, preparing myself to suffer through some minutes of breakfast with two people whom I could not look in the eye. Suzie suddenly got up and said "Jack, could you walk me to work, I'll be bored if I walk by myself." 

I had to forcibly remove the smile of relief from my face as I nodded, trying not to seem too eager. I promised to grab breakfast there another time. Suzie and I were finally out the door. 

Once we were a suitable distance from her house, Suzie stopped walking and started laughing. I nervously chuckled and realized how ridiculous this whole thing had been. I started to have a good laugh too but stopped when I felt a pair of arms wrap around me. 

"Jack, I had a great time last night, and I hope it's obvious that I really like you" she said to my chest. My heart was pounding again. Hugging her close, I wanted to remove any doubt that she might have had about my intentions. 

"I meant everything that I said last night. You really are beautiful and I like almost everything about you." 

"Almost?" she asked, the reservation clear in her voice. 

"Mike and I are more like brothers than friends, I can't do this to him" I told her, wanting to seem earnest, but still make clear how disappointed that made me. My eyes were shut because I could not stand to see her beautiful, sad, puppy-dog eyes. 

Suzie took a deep, slow breath. She let go of me and took a step back. 

"No" she stated, resolute. 

"What do you mean, 'no'?" I asked. 

"I refuse your refusal," Suzie clarified. She circled around me and grabbed my ass. "At least, not until you've thought more about this" she explained, her firm grip making it hard to argue. 

I was amazed, somehow this girl managed to make all the guilt that I was channeling moments ago disappear. She had a hold on me, literally and figuratively, and clearly she was not going to let go unless my mind was absolutely made up. "I'll think about it, Suzie, but you have to respect my decision." 

She was seemingly satisfied with that and began walking away. I turned to look at her, her plump ass swaying, as if to purposefully tease me. She turned back and with a wink said "see you later, cutie." 

I returned to my suite, tired and contemplative. I was very thankful that Mike wasn't there to greet me. The last 12 hours had been unbelievable. Now, however, I was left alone in my bed with a very serious decision to make and options to weigh. 

Naturally, I decided to jerk off. 

I closed my eyes and pictures last night. Vivid in my mind's eye was Suzie, her head bobbing up and down as she struggled to get my entire girth into her mouth. Her tongue providing more and more saliva in a vain attempt to lube up the shaft of my cock to ease its entry into her throat. Her eyes, looking up at me as she watched my reaction to the gulping and moaning sounds she was making. 

My mind mixed memory with fantasy as I pictured a big, black dildo being placed in her free hand. She was rubbing its latex tip against her clit, letting it tease her and moisten her pretty pink pussy. Suzie moaned harder as the fat, 8 inch dildo pushed past her entrance, and hit against her tensing walls. Her only hope to get it deeper would be to pull it out and push it in with a touch more force. Each attempt to bottom out the dildo, fighting against her tightness, made her suck harder and louder around my aching cock. 

Imagining her moans, the coupled vibrations accentuating the sensations of tightness caused by her throat only served to intensify the fantasy. Combined with the image of her playing with herself I could feel myself get very close. I shot onto my stomach and my chest, my eyes still closed watching my dream girl bring herself to a finish as well. 

Somehow I felt like I had made my already difficult decision even harder. The thought of letting her go caused a churning sensation in my stomach. Mixed with the scent of my own sweat and cum, I decided to procrastinate making this choice until I could clean myself off in the shower. 

While I was mid-wash, a knock came on the door. I quickly dried myself off and ran to answer it on the off-chance someone has pulled the hall's fire alarm again. I hastily wrapped a towel to cover myself up. 

I opened the door to find Suzie standing in front of me, this time in her full work uniform and looking flushed and sweaty. She smelled like a coffee shop, yet the scent was mixed with something hard to put my finger on. 

"Is my brother here?" she asked, walking past me and motioning for me to shut the door. 

She didn't wait for an answer as she began to strip in front of me. 

"No he isn't he's in a class I think...why are you...?" my confused tone couldn't mask my obvious arousal. Who could start investigating something when there's a strip-down happening right in front of you? 

Even though I had seen the entirety of her naked, sexy body that same day, the scent of what I came to realize was her pussy juices made me just as flustered as if I were the first time. Suzie walked over to the bathroom, but not before tugging on my towel to let it drop to the floor. She looked back at me expectantly. 

My penis was at full mast and pointing right at where it wanted to go. So I followed her into the bathroom and into the still warm shower. 

"Jack, you're a naughty boy. Do you know that?" Suzie said, in a sultry way that sent shivers into me. Soaping me up from head to toe, she waited for her response once she got to me pointed cock. 

"Ya...I guess I am," I said, lost in her spell. 

"You guess?! Jack, you made me so bothered, so turned on at my work today that I had to masturbate in the stall just to stay focused!" Her eyes were twinkling with excitement as she got closer to me. "So don't tell me you guess you are, when I know you are." 

I gulped. The steam of the shower was making me lightheaded. The redirected blood flow wasn't helping. I was at this girl's mercy, and even though I had cum twenty minutes before, my whole body wanted another go. 

"So you came here, leaving work early, just to tell me that?" I teased. 

"No, honey. I came here and took the rest of the day off to get some revenge. Making me go through all that and you're not even mine...yet." Her wicked smile was in full-force and she turned around to show me her perfect ass. She grabbed me by my cock and rubbed the head up and down along her pussy lips, pausing at the top of her slit to tease her clit. Rubbing the tip in circles and then up and down her little nub, she got into a rhythm that was evidently hard to quit. 

Suzie looked at me and said "Now how about you start making it up to me by cleaning up the mess you made?" Soaping my cock up, she bit her lip and looked back at me. 

I began to line myself up for a repeat of that morning's fun. She stopped me with her hand gripped tightly around the base of her toy and giggled. 

"Woah there tiger, only very good, responsible boys get to do that. No, you have to go around the back to show me you're sorry." 

The pre-cum leaking from the tip of my cock and the grip she had on me was enough to drive me crazy, but the thought that Suzie wanted me to fill her ass up in my shower was almost too much. 

Suzie lined me up perfectly against her asshole and made sure the soap was ample enough to ease my entry. I pushed against the puckered, tight hole that I was being told was my repentance. She grunted and began to sigh. I'd never done anything like this before but figured slow and steady would be my best bet. Her hand was keeping me from going in too far or too fast. 

I felt pressure and warmth, all of it lubricated by the soap Suzie had applied. "I can't believe how tight your asshole is Suze," I gasped. 

She was concentrating on taking my whole length inside of her. I felt like she was trying to make an impression because she wouldn't stop until every last inch was stuffing her. "Please make sure you get me nice and clean, okay?" Suzie asked once her soft, soapy ass reached my pubic bone. 

I began to pull out and thrust back in, each time watching her lovely face tense up with a mix of pain and pleasure. Soon that pain melted into a look of release. "You feel so good filling me up, oh...baby it feels good!" 

It was my turn to play. "Ya Suzie? It bet it does." I sped up. "You come into my shower, out of the blue, use me as a fuck toy and you're surprised that I know how to make you feel good!?" A rush of adrenaline and lust overcame me and made me want to show this enchantress that I could also run the show. 

Her hand went right to her pussy as she began rubbing her swollen clit furiously. Clearly my change in pace had done something to her because she was getting wild. 

"Fuck me Jack, make me feel good. Only you Jack, I only want you to do this to me baby. You make me so fucking horny I don't know what to do!!" she said, bouncing onto me. Her asshole was puckering around me and the scent of her pussy's lubrication was easily overpowering the smell of soap the more she rubbed herself. 

The whole situation had me so rock hard, so desperate to fill this new hole up with soap and cum that I began to tear into her, forcing her to brace herself against the shower wall. One hand was still doing its work, pushing her to the brink. 

"You want me to fill you up with cum!? You obviously need this, but are you ready for it!?" I was getting very close. "If we do this, then I don't want this tight ass out of my sight ever again!" 

Suzie was loudly moaning and, as she was panting, she shouted "I'm yours, do whatever you want to me, I need this so bad...I'm fucking...oh...I'm coming!" She came, her pussy pulsating on the other side of the wall I had been rubbing against. I could feel my own cum about to shoot out. 

I pulled my cock out of her just enough so that the head was still inside of her. I gripped myself and stroked until all of the built- up pressure released into Suzie ass, my other arm wrapping around her to hold myself up as my legs began to quiver and shake. 

Shot after shot jetted out into her and I knew my balls were just about as emptied as they could be. Pulling out of her completely, I watched as white cum continuously leaked from Suzie in spurts. I watched into fall onto the shower white ceramic, proud, satisfied, and exhausted. From the looks of it, so was she. 

I spun her around, slowly, standing her under the running water and said words I repeat until today. "I don't want to be without you, Suzie." I kissed her gently and ran my hands through her wet hair. 

Suzie pulled back but was visibly excited. "So we're doing this?" she asked. 

"Ya," I began embracing her in the steamy shower, "looks like it."