 A male friend once suggested that women should come with instruction manuals so that men could understand them better. Maybe in ways he's right. I'm a complex woman with simple needs and desires. 

You will get further with me if you treat me as if I was the only woman in a crowded room than if you forget dates with me and forget to call me when you say you will. I like the good things in life but I'm not asking you to buy them for me. I can do that myself. If you want to do something for me to win my affections, do something for me so I don't have to do it myself and free me up to spend more time with you. Wash my car or pick up a pizza when I've been working from sunrise to sundown. If you buy me flowers, remember that I don't like red roses. Pink or purple ones will score you points with me. Tulips are my favorite flower and Reese's minis are my favorite candy. 

Don't lie to me. I'd rather be hurt by the truth than catch you in a lie. Don't cheat on me. It's been done enough and I don't want to go through that again. Don't abuse me. I'm not a ball for you to kick or a target for you to hit. 

If you want to get me in bed, it usually is as simple as getting me in the mood. Come up behind me, wrap your arms around me and kiss my neck. That usually works wonders for me. Take your fingers and gently run them across my throat and the tops of my breasts as if you're barely touching me. 

If you want to get lucky, the best time is in the morning right as I'm waking up. If you want to take me to bed at night, set the mood. Dim the lights and get me to relax with some soft music or take me in the shower with you and help the hot water ease the tensions of the day. Take one of my nipples and roll it between your fingers gently or play with my nipple rings. Maybe you don't like them but I do. Flick them gently with your tongue while making small circles with your finger over my clit. If you're doing it right, you'll hear me moaning softly and feel me reaching for you so I can stroke you hard. Kiss me. I need to be kissed. I deserve to be kissed. 

If you get me warmed up enough, I will gladly show you my gratitude by sucking you off. I love giving oral sex. I love the way you feel in my mouth and how soft it feels against my lips. Let me lick your balls and gently suck them. I like to be the one who gives the pleasure more than receiving. I want to make you happy more than I want you to make me happy. It's just the way I am. Accept it and be thankful you have a woman that likes it when you cum in her mouth and who loves to roll her tongue across your head when you're supersensitive. Enjoy the fact that she fantasizes about sucking you off during her day and if she's lost in thought and smiling, it's probably because she's thinking about putting your cock in her mouth. 

I love it when you take me from behind. See if you can make me put my feet behind my head. I have trust issues so it takes a lot for me to relax enough to let you eat me. Some times I need some help in the orgasm department, so don't take it personally if I bring toys to bed. I'm sure that I can teach you to like them just as much as I do. I like it when I play with my clit with one of my toys as you fuck me hard. I cum so hard that I'll tighten around your cock like a vice and you'll know for sure that I'm not faking it with you. I can promise you that the gentle vibrations against your balls will make you cum hard for me. 

Make me cum for you. Feel me convulsing with pleasure under you than roll me over fuck my ass hard. Feel how tight it is while I gently massage your balls. Let me feel you cum hard inside me. When you've had enough, let's collapse in a heap on the bed and hold each other until either we fall asleep or the alarm clock says we have to get out of bed and start the day.