 I drove home singing along with the radio and smiling at my good fortune. Not only did my eye exam result in my hottest encounter in years, I was having my new glasses personally delivered by Dr. Benson, Ophthalmologist and Chief Orgasm Facilitator. 

When I arrived home, I immediately picked up all the laundry and ran the dishwasher. I knew that the eye center closed at seven, and expected Dr. Benson would be at my house around eight. Looking at my clock through cracked, duct-taped glasses, I realized there was no time for fancy dinner preparations. I figured I would just wing it, and dashed up the stairs to my bedroom.

Once I ensured that my best sheets were on the bed, I decided to shower off the afternoon's activities and sweaty, sticky goodness. The hot water made clouds of steam all around me as I gently lathered myself all over, enjoying how slippery my soapy skin felt. The soft scent of my lather mixed with the smell of Benson's frantic fucking. Remembering how slutty I had behaved caused my nipples to become hard and tight, and I felt a delicious throbbing deep in my pussy. 

I couldn't believe how easily I was aroused, considering how I had been fucked mere hours ago. What the hell, I thought to myself, may as well top myself off. 

I ran my hands tightly up my torso to the soft fullness of my 36DD breasts. My hands slid over my nipples, giving me chills despite the hot water. I could feel a deep, pulsing wetness between my thighs and gently pinched my bronze nipples and sighed a soft breath as my right hand slid between my legs, to the tender aching spot between the moist folds of my skin.

I grazed the opening of my pussy with my fingers, feeling the soreness from Dr. Benson's crashing thrusts. Sliding two fingers of my left hand deep inside, my right hand began to rub my hard little clit. I felt the familiar feelings like a roller coaster climbing slowly. 

Squatting down on the shower floor, I buried my fingers as deep as they would go, as my clit got harder and harder. In a shuddering blast, I saw stars as I came hard and continued to rock it hard as the spasms subsided. Then I took a deep breath as I slid my fingers out of my pussy and into my mouth, sucking my sweet flavor as I rinsed off the soap under the hot spray of water. Wow, I thought, that was quick! 

Toweling off and putting my broken glasses back on my face, I saw it was only 7:00, so I had plenty of time to slip into a lacy pink peignoir and laze around. I had just curled up on the couch when the doorbell rang. Frantically I realized he must have left the office early. I had planned to blow dry my hair and put on makeup! Well, crap.

I opened up the door since I was too short to see out the peephole. Squinting through my broken glasses, I saw a fuzzy but familiar outline in my doorway and heard Dr. Benson's soft, rich voice say hello. I smiled and opened the door fully. Benson slowly whistled an appreciative sound as he saw me my sheer slip, then closed and locked the door.

He said in a teasing voice, "I have a package for you." I tried to quickly come up with an appropriately smart-ass answer as I felt him slide my new glasses onto my face. Fuzziness gone, I saw him clearly for the first time. My eyes traveled from his light brown hair to his deep-set hazel eyes and down to his smiling mouth. I saw the snappy suit with a hint of tummy bulge peeping over his belt and down to his shiny shoes. No wonder he was easy to kiss; he couldn't be over five-five. Since I'm barely five feet, it was a perfect fit, in more ways than one. 

I invited him inside and made him a drink. We sat on the couch for a while, while my hair dried into its natural messy waves. Then I just had to know, so I blurted out, "Dr. Benson, what's your first name? I mean, you obviously know mine is Rachel from my patient record, but I'd kinda like to know the name of the man who nearly fucked me unconscious this afternoon!"

He laughed and said, "I wondered how long until you asked; it's Ward." I rolled the name around in my head for a few seconds before softly saying that it was a perfect name and fit him well. "I know something else that fits well," he said, sliding a hand up my leg and bringing his face to mine as I felt my insides turn to mush. I pulled his mouth down onto mine, and savored his deep kisses. 

Sliding my head down, I laid a trail of kisses from behind his ear down his neck. I reached up with my left hand and loosened his tie and released the first few buttons on his shirt. I could feel his warm breath on my neck as I pushed him upright and straddled his lap. 

His hands were on my breasts under my sheer slip as I finally freed him from his starched white shirt and covered his chest in kisses, my still-damp hair caressing him lightly all over his chest as I led him to the couch.

Ward softly moaned as I licked his left nipple gently and wrapped my soft lips around it, offering a tender suck as my fingernails lightly grazed his right nipple and felt it, a hard little pebble. I also felt throbbing between my own legs, and saw his pants stretched tight over his erection. I smiled and slid lower and saw, to my dismay, that I had left a trail of wetness down his pants as I slithered down. His eyes followed mine and he laughed. "You're too transparent to play hard-to-get, aren't you?"

I looked up at him as I unzipped his pants, and said, "I don't play, Ward, and I was unusually easy for you to get, wasn't I?" I pulled off his underpants and his smart answer was silenced by the shock of my hot, wet mouth wrapped around his rod. I could tell he had showered; he smelled of soap and a hint of cologne. I pressed my tongue firmly on the head of his cock and tilted back my head. Looking up into his eyes, my mouth slid down the full length of his shaft. 

I felt my lips graze his balls and gently sucked. Our eyes met again as I pulled back, savoring his tastes in my mouth; he smiled softly and slid his hips down on the sofa. Sucking in earnest, I began to find a rhythm and Ward began to match it, lifting his hips to meet my waiting mouth.

Tasting his first salty sweetness, I began to touch myself as I stroked his cock and sucked on his balls. I could see Ward watching my right hand as I pinched my nipples and gave them gentle tugs between my fingers. I missed his throbbing cock, and taking it back into the hot wetness of my mouth, I began to lightly scratch his balls with my fingernails. 

Ward groaned loudly and lifted his hips hard into my mouth. "Not like this," he said in a husky voice, "I want to cum inside you." I gave an encouraging smile as Ward lifted my sheer pink slip over my head and tossed it on the couch. 

He took my hand and walked me around to the back of the couch, and kissed me so deeply I lost my breath. His lips on mine were so hot, so perfect. I smiled inwardly with gratitude that he wasn't too tall: No neck pain! His tongue twisted with mine as he slowly turned me around. Feeling his hardness in my back, I moaned softly as he took my tits in his hands and gently squeezed them, and then lowered his lips to my neck. 

Ward slid one of his feet between mine and spread them farther apart, sliding his hand between my legs to the hot wetness of my pussy. His fingers were magic; it was incredible to feel him softly rubbing my clit. I was yearning for more, so I bent over the back of the couch. I heard him quickly go to his knees and immediately felt his wet tongue exploring every fold of my cunt. 

Ward's tongue found my clit, hard as a rock and pumping furiously, and he moved it firmly with his whole tongue. I could feel my legs turning to jelly...but oh, how perfect he felt.

I began to make that whimpering sound that gives me away every time, and Ward kept his mouth firmly sealed over my cunt as I started to moan and tremble. I was panting and getting dizzy when I felt him stand behind me and tease my pussy with the head of his cock. 

Ward was sliding it in bit by bit, and I just couldn't take it anymore. I backed into him hard and started fucking him. He laughed and picked up my legs so I wouldn't have any traction, the bastard! He leaned over and said he wanted to fuck me nice and slow. I told him he was taking advantage of my height issues and he gave a nasty giggle and wrapped my legs around his back.

So, teetering on my stomach like some stranded, flipped-over turtle, I gave into the feeling. Ward rocked me slowly; I'd never tried this position before and was amazed by the friction in new and exciting places. The curve of his cock (a pronounced left-turn) was an exact match to my recently discovered G-spot, which had been hiding for years behind the refrigerator. (Yes, I'm kidding; it's actually up and in and sneaking a bit off to the side.) In any event, Ward's cock was slowly fucking in rhythm and I could feel the swelling in my spot, which, if stimulated at just the right angle...

I was breathing hard, getting dizzy and grasping the sofa when I felt a soft "pop" inside me. I heard Ward gasp behind me and he pulled out. He looked at me with a completely shocked face, and said, "I think you just squirted!" At my slightly sheepish nod, he said, "That is so fucking HOT! I thought it only happened in bad porn where they shoot it across the room"

I laughed and walked on shaking legs to the couch. He hopped over the back and sat down next to me. "The difference between porn and real life," I said, straddling him and wrapping my legs around his waist, "Is that real life feels a hell of a lot better, doesn't usually include your ten best friends or a barely-legal silicone princess in platform heels." I angled myself and pulled him deep into me. He matched the thrusting, and wrapped his arms tightly around me. My tits were smashed against his chest as he gently bit my neck. 

"Real life does feel a hell of a lot better, Rachel," he said in a husky voice, and started pumping into me with fresh energy. I pulled my legs from around his waist and planted them firmly on the outside of his legs. My hands on his shoulders, I began fucking him hard in a squatting position. He felt like a rock-hard piston inside me and I was fucking him so hard that my ass was making a very satisfying slapping sound against his thighs.

"Oh, yeah, oh yeah," he kept repeating as his breath grew ragged. He suddenly threw back his head as spasms gripped his body and I felt his heat inside me. I slowed my rhythm and again wrapped my legs around his waist, rocking into him softly as he continued to shake. He closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened them again he looked dazed but returned my soft kiss.

I don't know how long we stayed like that, wrapped up in each other, but it was so amazing that neither of us wanted it to end. I said as much to Ward, who looked at me with soft eyes as he gently bit my left nipple as he said, "Who says it has to end?"