 *Squeezes your hand tentatively, whispers...*

Babe? ...I can't sleep. 

*Smiles sheepishly as you rub your eyes, your consciousness returning to the darkened bedroom* 

Sorry. I know it's late. Hmmm? It's 2am... *snuggles a little closer..*

No, no, I'm okay. Nothing's wrong.

But... *looks up at you, sighing in embarrassment* I could use a little help?

I envy you so much. Once you're in bed, you sleep so soundly...but when I get like this, the way that I feel right now...I've been tossing and turning all night... 

I mean, I close my eyes. I try to follow you into dreams...try to breathe deep; and evenly. To settle down and relax.

But I'm so distracted, Babe. I keep thinking... about the way that you loved me over the weekend...

You were so tender...so eager. You've always been that way, lover, you consume me, immerse all my senses...the way that you held me, the way that you touched me. And it's like...all I can think about is having your hands all over me. Stroking me up and down across my soft skin...your fingers creating a web of sensation, opening me up...making me shiver...and I can almost feel the press of your lips...kissing my shoulders...kissing my neck.

When I think of that, I...I simply can't breathe evenly. I feel my skin heating up. I feel as if my desire, my yearning for you, were coursing through my veins; setting fire to my limbs, making me restless. My back keeps wanting to stretch. 

I think about...just...maybe taking care of it myself. Just rubbing... *sigh* there, between my legs, where it throbs. Where it aches...getting rid of my need, quickly, efficiently. So that I can finally sleep.

But then, when I start to reach down with my fingers, I think...what if he wants me, too? 

What if he's dreaming about me right now -- what if, in the morning, he'd say he'd wished I'd woken him up, so that we could savor this together? Me touching myself...it's nothing. It's nothing at all, compared to what you do to me when we're together...it's the difference between a thimble of muddy water, and a glass of wine.

I feel...I'm just... 

I'm so horny. So horny for you, Babe...I want you so badly... *steadies herself with a deep breath, but can't help but blink back tears of frustration* I'm exhausted with want, and I just know...I'll be awake all night at this rate--

*Draws in a long, slow intake of air, like a gasp in slow motion, as she feels your arms go around her waist, your eyes looking deep into hers...

Being held like this, after hours of intense longing...it makes her light-headed. She cups your cheek, holding your gaze. Her eyes glazing over, a soft moan of pleasure escapes her as your lips meet hers. Her body, tense as a bow-string, melts into you as you slowly, eagerly share kiss after infinitely tender kiss. Her arms go around your neck and you press together, delighting in the comforting warmth of each other's embrace...*

Mmmmmmmmm....ohhh, I didn't even know my shoulders were up like that... *She giggles, grins, releasing a breath. Relaxing fully against you skin to skin, she runs her fingers through your hair. You smile, slipping your tongue into her mouth, losing yourself in a series of extended french kisses. *

*Her hands rub along your shoulders...your back...your hips...and you can feel her trembling as you draw your fingertips over her form, exploring...squeezing...stroking her naked body...drinking in the feel of curves, lines and crevices...a tantalizing landscape enjoyed by feel.

Her leg slides up over yours, pulling the lengths of your bodies even closer, and you hungrily become aware...of the heat pulsing between her hips. She gasps gently as your hand strokes down her back, to cup her bottom, gripping her towards you so that your hardening cock presses tightly against her plush, moist lips. She holds you even tighter as you whisper the question into her ear, kissing the lobe; her neck...*

*She shivers, whispers.* Ohhhhhhh...how long? *Sigh* I've. I've been wet for a while now...maybe since midnight?

*Her head lolls back and she moans as you begin grinding yourself against her...the motion brushes and opens her lips, and you can feel her warm, wet honey welling out, coating your dick with each circle, each swivel, each push; releasing the delicate scent of her. You can feel her breasts bouncing with your rhythm, pressed against your chest...her heart beating against yours, matching the throbbing between her legs... and when you bring the fingers of your other hand up to tease a nipple, stiff and sensitive, she cries out, back stretching, making the shaft of you slip lengthwise between her lower lips.

When her head moves forward again your mouths catch each other, you tongue her, savoring the taste of her mouth...kissing and tasting, going a little more...and a little more, and a little more deeply, until it is as if you're trying to lick the back of her throat. 

You push bedclothes aside, getting on your knees to position yourself over her -- grasping for her legs, kissing your way down her neck and breasts in earnest. Her hands are all over you, and she helps slide herself beneath you, stroking your chest...the place she calls her 'playground'. She strokes your sides, kissing your arms, your hands, kissing where your heart beats, gazing at you with a dreamy look in her eyes, panting with desire. You bend to savor her lips again, tasting the top lip, sucking on her bottom lip, slipping your tongue again inside. Her palm and fingers tease and stroke and circle around the head of your cock, squeezing, petting your frenulum lovingly. You hover, positioned between her legs, trying to hold back juuuust a little while longer.

You dip your head again to lavish her nipples with licks, wrapping your mouth around them, one at a time, to suck them...teasing the tips of them with your tongue...using your other hand to grope and caress her other breast at the same time...when she can, she reaches, rubs your stomach, your shaft, your balls, the end of her thumb focusing a concentric tease against the underside of your head...your hardness just makes her even more excited, if that were possible. She wants you inside her now...

You kiss your way down her stomach, down her legs...lick your way up her thighs, gripping them in each hand...your mouth tastes her pussy and she mooooans, arching her back, pushing you deeper...your tongue searches greedily for her clit and finds it quickly. 

It's stiff, awake, alive, nearly drowning in delicious juices, and you enjoy the feel of her writhing, the sound of her helpless, breathless whimpering as you play with it. 

You lick her clithood, suck on her stiff button, thrust your tongue deep into her clenching tightness, face glazed in the scent and wet of her...

It's just too much.*

OH!!!

*She stuffs a pillow beneath her as you lift her legs so that she can wrap them around you, and you hold her eyes with yours...as you firmly grip her hips and slowly, slowly, push your rock-hard cock, inch-by-twitching-inch, into her pulsing cunt, listening with satisfaction to the sounds she makes as you fill her.

She's sooo tight...dripping wet, and so warm. The muscles, the walls of her pussy clench and rub and pull at your cock as if trying to suck you all the way in. You whisper your delight to her ravenously, and she gasps, whispering excitedly back; rolls her hips, meets your every push -- a look of bliss, of relief, on her face.

You know her body; she knows yours. Thrusting and swiveling, you trade motions with her... slow, faster, faster, slower, shallower, angled one way, angled another, deeper, groaning and panting, grinding her close, stirring yourself within her...exchanging those little, little touches that push each other over the line to the next height before you repeat pleasures. 

At last, it's all you can do but to suddenly tighten your embrace, forcing her still. Feeling her desperate grip on your shoulders, you drive that merciless, familiar, singular rhythm that entrances you both — deep sensations building their way steadily towards ecstasy.

Writhing and arching at the feel of you, she explodes her cum all over your plunging member -- eyes rolled back, jaw dropped open in silent scream. Her voice returns in a loud moan that slowly fades with the feel of your hot semen shooting deep, coating her insides -- and, whispering your name over and over, her legs hold you tightly for that last minute or two of your delicious, passionate thrusts.

You cuddle up close, her arms embracing you adoringly, and you trade kiss after tender kiss...she barely lasts, and, between one kiss and another, finally eased, she falls asleep against you.*

...

...

...

...*She groggily opens her eyes. The clock says 4am. Her deep breath is languid, happy.*

Hmmm? Hey. Are you okay, honey?

*She trails a hand along your shoulder, looks up into mischievous eyes, her breath catching as you press close, squeezing her waist.*

"Oh... *giggles* More? Mmmmmm. Yes, please."