 This story is dedicated to Azriel15 for all his contributions on Facial Forum, and for being supportive of my writing. 

*

Lucia was frustrated as she paced back and forth at the optometrist's office. Despite new glasses, not reading at night, and getting plenty of vitamins, her eyesight had been rapidly degrading; to the point that she needed to get a new prescription every 3-4 months. Though not legally blind or anything, she came to realize that she really did require her glasses at all times. She crossed her fingers as she waited for the doctor to come back and let her know what was happening, and if she would be a good candidate for laser eye surgery.

Dr. Matthew Azriel smiled widely to disarm the nervous young woman in his office as he walked through the door. While he certainly didn't revel in a patient's discomfort, Dr. Azriel was beginning to enjoy his visits from young Lucia May every couple of months. Aside from being delightful and pleasant, Lucia always seemed to be dressed to impress, and this day was no exception. She wore a simple black pencil skirt, white collared blouse which showed a classy 3 inches of cleavage, simple but elegant jewelry, and of course the 3-inch heels that never failed to accentuate her curvaceous backside. He suppressed the urge to pull change from his pocket to bounce off of her full-figured ass, and instead contented himself with taking it all in briefly before opening his file folder.

"Well Lucia," he began without much introduction. "There's no easy way to say this, so I'll come right out with it. Your eyes are continuing to degenerate, and you are not a good candidate for laser surgery at this time."

Lucia's hand came up to cover her mouth. Her eyes welled slightly with tears, but she stayed silent as he went on.

"Unfortunately your eyes are just too damaged at the moment for laser surgery to take properly. I wish you had come in to check with me sooner, before it went on this long..."

"Is there anything we can do to help them heal enough for surgery?" She asked, on bated breath. Dr. Azriel hesitated before going on, pondering his answer. Finally he nodded his head as if giving himself the go ahead to speak. "There is one thing, an experimental study I have been working on which has shown some significant positive effects."

"What is it?" Lucia asked quickly, then seeing the hesitation return to his face, "Is it expensive?"

"No." he replied. "It's not that. In fact I provide the service free to people who agree to join the trial. It's just... very unorthodox, and frankly I'm not sure it's your kind of thing at all."

"But I really want to!" Lucia exclaimed, her eyes welling up anew. "I'll take the risks, I don't care, I just want my eyes back."

"No, no." he replied, hand rubbing his chin as if deep in thought. He shook his head again. "There are other treatments we can try first; their success rate isn't very high, but we should exhaust those options before trying something more radical..."

"Dr. Azriel..." she began, cutting him off. "Please, call me Matthew." He replied.

"Matthew." She looked into his eyes, making the puppy dog face every woman masters as a teen. "Please. I am really scared about my eyes getting worse. I am desperate to have them at least stop getting worse, so I can start the road to recovery!"

"Lucia..." he sighed. "I can't, in good conscience..."

"Stop!" she said, cutting him off again. "I'm a grown woman. I can make my own decisions about my own body. At least tell me what it entails, and then I can make an informed decision."

Dr. Azriel sighed, and began to explain. "Well based on some creative theories, I have found a treatment that often help rejuvenate the eye. It involves a topical protein being applied directly to the eyeball." He paused before going on.

"Well that doesn't sound so bad..." Lucia said.

"Well it's the method of application and type of protein that is rather unorthodox." He replied. "Its going to sound a bit out there, but my studies have indicated that human semen contains precisely the right type of protein, and that the amino acids actually also help it to penetrate the eye's protective membrane."

"I'm sorry, did you say semen?" Lucia asked in shock.

"Yes. Human male semen. I know it sounds crazy, but the trial I am running has shown some significant benefits and looks very promising!"

"Oh my god." Lucia said, covering her mouth. "How do you... get access to... do you use sperm banks?"

"No actually that isn't a good option. When stored, semen loses much of the potency which the treatment relies upon, and sperm banks generally keep only very small samples anyway, so it wouldn't really be enough for a serious regimen of treatments."

"So then where do you get it from?"

"Well in most cases I suggest my patients discuss the matter with their partner, and come to an arrangement that matches the treatment needs." He explained.

Lucia looked astounded, and then suddenly disappointed as her situation came into her mind. "What about single patients?" she asked. "How are they supposed to..." She blushed, unable to continue.

"Well in that case I generally ask the patient if they have a friend who might help them out." Lucia blushed again. "I could never ask a friend for help with something like this."

"Well then don't worry about it," the doctor said. "As I mentioned there are a few other options we can try out as well rather than going to experimental route..."

Lucia pouted, and then blurted out, blushing as she did: "Is there any way... I mean I really want to find a way to take advantage of this treatment. Is there any chance you could 'supply' the necessary... fluids?"

"I'm sorry Lucia. That would not only be unethical, but would also invalidate the trial results."

"What if we did it outside of the experiment?" She begged. "Please! I'm desperate!"

Dr. Azriel looked her in the eyes, and couldn't help but feel moved by her passionate plea, not to mention feeling tempted to take advantage of her offer for more physical reasons. Making up his mind, he strode to the door, and locked it.

"If I do this..." he began "Then you have to swear not to tell a soul. I could lose my job, or worse, get arrested."

Lucia's face lit up with excitement. "I promise! I won't breathe a word!"

"Alright then." He said, pulling his dress shirt out of his pants and beginning to unbutton it. "I'll need you to lay back on the bed please."

Lucia, startled at the pace at which events were unfolding, averted her eyes from his undressing, and obeyed his instructions, climbing up on the bed and laying down tentatively. She closed her eyes as the doctor continued to disrobe.

"Lucia." He said, causing her eyes to open and glance at him as he undid his belt. "Your eyes have to be open so I can apply it directly to them."

Lucia looked at the ceiling trying to avoid staring as his pants came down. "Won't that sting?" she asked.

"It will, but that just means the acids are doing their work to let the protein penetrate. Besides, you will get used to it pretty quickly."

"How often... do I need treatment?" She asked glancing at him. She immediately looked away, blushing, embarrassed as she saw his soft, fat cock in his hands.

From the corner of her eye, she saw his hand reach up to his face and heard him spit on it quietly before reaching back down and moving his hand rhythmically. She wrinkled her nose as the distinct smell of saliva and penis reached her nostrils.

"I recommend treatment at a minimum of twice every week." The doctor said. "More if possible, but twice a week should be enough to give you positive results."

Lucia continued to stare at the ceiling, but perceived that Dr. Azriel was inching closer to her, putting him almost within her peripheral vision.

"Will I be able to get appointments that often?" She asked.

"Probably not. I'm very booked up." He replied, accompanied by the wet and squishy sounds of a cock being stroked, slowly and gently. "We may be able to arrange for some home visits in the evening if you like."

Lucia blushed at the thought of having the doctor over to her home to cum in her eyes, and said nothing. While here, in the crisp and professional confines of his clinical office the 'procedure' still had a veneer of being medical treatment, the thought of doing it at home felt much more tawdry and sexual in nature. Unconsciously, her gaze wandered as she thought, till she suddenly found herself staring at the doctor's half-hard member, now only inches from her face. She watched for a moment, of curiosity, and saw him begin to harden slightly before her eyes. She let her gaze drift upwards to his face, and saw a glimmer of a smile on his lips as he watched her eyes.

"It actually helps when you watch." He said, rather huskily.

"Okay." Lucia said, demurely while meeting his gaze.

She allowed her eyes to wander back down his naked chest, and examined his penis closely for the first time. Dr. Azriel's clean-shaven cock was thick and heavy looking, his foreskin gliding back and forth over the head as he stroked himself. It's length was in her opinion ideal -- long enough to hit all the right spots when fucking, but not so long as to be uncomfortable. Unexpectedly, Lucia felt a familiar heat growing in her loins as she watched Dz. Azriel stroke himself so near to her. Though quite large, she could tell he was still not quite fully hard, and that he was struggling to maintain his erection in the absence of greater stimulation.

As if reading her mind, he suddenly asked: "Do you mind if I touch your tits a little bit?" Lucia was almost too shocked to answer. The doctor had always been a consummate professional in the past, though she had caught him checking her out on a couple occasions. His tone was different now, however, as he lost himself within the erotic fantasy of the moment.

"Okay." She answered again, her voice nearly cracking with nerves.

Slowly and gently, Lucia felt his hand slide up her side to cup her right breast over her blouse. She suppressed a small moan of pleasure as he skillfully cupped and kneaded the flesh beneath her clothing, and felt her nipples harden in response, becoming just barely visible through the thin material of the frilly white bra and blouse she wore. She smiled slightly to herself as she saw his penis pulse and continue to grow still more, becoming rigid and venous in his hand. Lucia was very proud of her breasts, and had seen many partners succumb to their charms.

"Oh yeah. I have wanted to touch these ever since the first time I saw you, Lucia." He groaned as his hands wandered back and forth between her tits, pinching her nipples slightly.

Lucia had to bit her lower lip to cut off a telltale sharp inhale of breath that she knew would reveal her secret reveling in the attention she was receiving. She was flattered by his attraction to her, and it had been several months since her last sexual encounter. Though she regularly took matters into her own hands, Lucia had almost forgotten how much she enjoyed the firm, strong hands of a confident and experienced man touching her. As if on instinct, she found her own hand furthest from the doctor maneuvering down between her legs. She clamped her thighs tightly together to block out her own hand, and accidentally triggered a long, low moan of pleasure from the pressure and blood flow that the squeezing brought to her pussy. Embarrassed, she clamped a hand over her mouth, and looked up at the doctor's eyes again to see if he had noticed.

From the grinning leer on his face, it was obvious that he had. "It's okay Lucia. Being turned on is perfectly natural. Just go with it, it will help me to deliver your treatment faster and in larger quantity."

Lucia blushed, tears of embarrassment welling up in her eyes before she shook them away. She had masturbated in front of guys she had dated before, and in fact thoroughly enjoyed the act -- deep down, she knew she was a secret voyeur. Deciding on her course of action, she made up her mind to give him a proper show. She stared at his face and saw him lick his lips in anticipation as she began to slowly unbutton her blouse, letting it fall open to reveal her heaving mounds, encased in a frilly white bra through which her pink nipples were just barely visible. She made no effort to contain her moan this time as he began to feel her up more vigorously. Reaching down with both hands, and lifting her bum off the bed, she shimmied herself out of her thong panties beneath her black skirt, and then let the skirt ride up high so she could access her pussy. As her middle finger of her left hand grazed her clit for the first time, she moaned again, louder this time, tossing back her head and closing her eyes, unable to contain herself.

Lucia pressed her hand tightly against herself, her middle finger pushed his barely inside her, and her palm pressed tightly to her clit. Rhythmically, she began to rock her hips up and down, fucking her own hand, grinding against it. She clapped her other hand over her mouth as she tried to restrain herself from screaming out loud from sheer pleasure. Her breath came in desperate and loud gasps through her nose, nostrils flaring as she tried to maintain some level of discretion in the quiet office complex. She was barely even aware as the doctor deftly undid the clasps on the front of her bra, opening it to reveal the fullness of her breasts before returning to stroking himself. Lucia looked down at herself now, watching as he played with her bare breasts. She closed her eyes in ecstasy, and moments later reopened them when she felt his warm, moist mouth envelop one of her nipples, using gentle suction and tongue lashing to drive her to new heights. Unable to restrain herself, she began fucking herself with wild abandon, writhing around on the table against her hand while she enjoyed his skillful lips.

And with that, she suddenly found herself in the throes of a massive orgasm, pulsing and grinding her hips against her hand and stifling her own screams. It seemed to last forever before she finally came down, and she was forced to remove her hand from her mouth as she gasped for air, recovering from the most intense climax she could remember in ages. As she lay there, eyes closed in recovery, she felt and heard a wet slapping hitting lightly against her cheek and gaping lips. With effort she forced herself to open her eyes -- still narrow with a post-orgasmic squint -- to find Dr. Azriel holding his turgid tool by the base and slapping it against her face. Before she could respond, she felt a bead of precum enter her mouth, filling it with the familiar flavor of cock. Lucia moaned again, involuntarily.

Taking her moan as an invitation, the doctor thrust his hips forward, and began fucking the underside of his cock against her wet, and open lips. He reached down, grasping her by the chin and the top of the head, and held her steady while he ran his shaft along her lips, back and forth. Lucia allowed her tongue to snake out, lashing at him willingly. Although it had never been her favorite sexual act, Lucia had sucked her past boyfriends willingly and with enthusiasm, and was used to how insistent and beyond reason an incredibly horny man could become. She used her thick, full lips to full effect, licking them to keep them moist, and tasting his precum on them. She heard him growl as he turned her head to face him, and began thrusting in and out of her mouth, feeding her only a couple inches at a time. The awkward angle was uncomfortable on her neck, and she felt saliva begin to run out of the corner of her mouth as he fucked her face.

"Lucia you beautiful cocksucker." Dr. Azriel breathed, almost whispered to her. "You have no idea how badly I have wanted to fuck your hot mouth."

Lucia shivered with delight at his words, overcome with her own horniness. She was overcome with the desire to make him cum, for more reasons now than just her medical treatment. Swiveling on the bed, she swung her legs over the edge towards him. He let go of her head, and let her drop down in front of him on the floor. Unsteady on her high heels, she leaned back against the bed, feeling the cold steel of the cabinet doors through her hair. Squatting with her legs opened wide to let him stand close, her tits bounding free and naked, she looked up at him and opened her mouth wide in clear invitation. Towering over her, he needed little as he stepped forward, stroking her hair gently before sliding his cock into her velvety mouth. With a better angle now, he fucked deeper, stopping just short of gagging her, one hand on either side of her head. Hands free, Lucia massaged her own breasts with one, and played with her clit with the other. The feeling was intense and gloriously pleasurable. She moaned around his meat as it pumped in and out of her oral cavity, sending vibrations up his shaft and making him groan in return. He grunted in time with his thrusts, breath now coming in ragged gasps.

"I'm getting close." He said.

Lucia moaned loudly in response, involuntarily sounding like a slut in heat. "I want to feel your cum so badly."

"Tell me you want it." He said, pulling out of her mouth, and stroking his sticky wet cock quickly right above her forehead.

"God I want it so badly." Lucia said between gasps as she worked her pussy. She looked directly into his eyes opening them as wide as she could muster. "I want you to cum in my eyes. Please Dr. Azriel."

That was all he needed to push him over the edge. With a growing and gravelly moan of his own, the doctor unleashed a thick torrent of milky-white semen onto her upturned face. In blasts that seemed to go on forever, and with an almost uncanny aim, he plastered first one, and then the other eye. Lucia focused on keeping them open as long as possible, until the burning was too much and she was forced to close them. She felt his warm sticky cum running down her face, and dripping onto her tits and thighs in heavy droplets. She licked her lips, tasting his salty seed on them, and moaned, driven over the top into her own second orgasm, which thankfully distracted from the discomfort of her eyes. Perhaps through Pavlovian training, she thought to herself, she would learn to associate cum on her eyes and face with the wonderful pleasure of an orgasm.

As she came down, she felt a warm, moist, soothing cloth on her face as the doctor cleaned her up. She waited patiently as he tidied her chest, tummy, and legs, policing up stray drops of cum. She sighed contentedly as he planted a few deep, sucking kisses on her nipples, and shivered as he pressed the palm of his hand against her pussy to feel how hot and wet she was. Almost comatose from pleasure, and with the pain in her eyes subsiding quickly, she knew should would not think twice about seeing Dr. Azriel for further treatments. Lucia smiled to herself and wondered if he would be willing to fuck her properly next time at her apartment.