 I stared out the window at the rain gently tapping, inviting me to play as the muffled sound of Aaron's nagging oddly comforted me. My eyelids began to droop and the sound of his low, sexy voice began to fade into the background, replaced with nothingness.

"Callie! Wake up, lazy girl!" he barked, slamming his hand on the study room table, rattling the history book and jolting me awake. I snapped out of my trance and noticed that he trapped me between his lean but firm arms. I turned around and his handsome, chiseled face was inches away from mine and his emerald green eyes filled with irritation. He began to speak again but my mind wandered again, concentrating on his smooth, tan skin and alluring lips slowly parting and closing again, a little glisten of light bouncing off his cupid's bow. 

"What! I was listening!" I mumbled, snapping out of my trance again and turning back around, flipping my raven-black ponytail in his face. "I was just thinking about the question is all. You know, getting all deep and stuff."

"Sure thing, Cal. Look, I'm just trying to help you so you don't fail the final. I don't want you to lose your college scholarship and I know that you've been struggling with history since freshman year," Aaron sighed, lifting one of his hands and putting on my head. I began to slowly close my eyes, lean back, and nestle into his abs. 

"Hey, wake up! Don't even think about sleeping. I don't know what to do to get you to study! It's so frustrating! We've been at the library for so long everybody's left," Aaron growled, taking his hand off my head and running it through his beautiful, soft, milk chocolate brown hair. He sat down in the chair next to me, his face as serious as I've ever seen it. The cloudy weather with the combination of low lamp lighting created a graceful outline of his body, making him look godlike. I bit my lip, my mind spacing out to of Aaron suddenly ripping off his shirt, putting me on the table and fucking me. I imagine his strong arms rippling as he clutched my hips, his thick, erect cock plowing into my wet pussy... How he would stick his tongue down my throat, hungrily tasting every inch of my mouth... God, I wish it would happen so bad. My core ached and quivered with the thought of him laying me on the table... 

"What are you even thinking about right now? Probably nothing because all you have in your head is air?" he scoffed. 

"Sex-I mean nothing. You're right. Just hair. I mean air. Air," I blurted, pushing my hair back behind my ears and blushing a bright, bright tomato red. I totally wasn't thinking, it just slipped out. Of course Aaron would never do something like that. He was a golden boy at school and way out of my league with his looks and brains. The only reason why he was even helping me was because his sister, my best friend, begged him to help.

I've known Aaron since high school and he's always been popular, with a gaggle of girls at his heels, ogling him. At first, I didn't think much of him because he always had girls clinging onto him and he dangled himself in front of them. However, after I entered the same college as him, he seemed to change. He no longer hung out with a harem of girls but instead with piles of books and papers. When his sister first asked him to help me, he agreed, only to torture me during our sessions. He always snapped at me when I answered questions wrong and hissed when I dozed off. However, the more time I spent with him, I caught little glimpses of his sweet side too. He would have a goofy smile when I answered a question right and his eyes were soft and beautiful when he explained things, and I swear, sometimes I caught glimpses of him staring at me sweetly. Slowly, with all of the sessions we've had, his big, athlete frame leaning over me, our fingers brushing accidentally, his sweet breath heating my already hot ears, I became aware that he was a guy and my body and mind took over, wanting him and making up weird scenarios, usually all taking place in this very room.

"Oh? Little Miss Innocent just blurted out her true feelings to me," he cackled, pushing back his chair and trapping me between his arms again. This time, he leaned in close, his face right behind my neck, his hot breath sending tingles through my ears down to my stirring core. I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat as my heartbeat quickened. "Who knew such a girl could be thinking about such d-i-r-t-y things," he continued. I gasped as he leaned in closer, stuck out his tongue, and slowly licked the nape of my neck from my sweatshirt collar up to my hairline. The warmth of his tongue made me shiver with anticipation and all the hairs on my body stood up straight, legs ready to just swing themselves open and let him in. 

"How about we play a little game, Callie? You get a question right and I take off a piece of clothing. You get it wrong, you take a piece off. Fair enough?" he taunted, sitting back down in the chair, facing me with a smirk. The light that made him look godlike before suddenly made him look like a devil. A sexy devil. 

"Uh... Yes. We can do that," I choked out, barely above a whisper. I closed my eyes for a second and prayed to get every answer right so I could see his body in its full glory. Who cared if we were at the library. He said it himself, everybody had left. I pulled the history book close to my body and with quivering hands, began to skim the chapter, my full focus on the content, ready to conquer all the questions.

...

30 minutes later, I set the book down, perked up in my chair, determination oozing from my face. I knew everything that I had to know about ancient history and I was dying to see Aaron naked. "I'm ready!"

"Good," Aaron replied, pulling my chair closer to his so our legs were touching, my skin tingling where we made contact. Quietness filled the air as we stared into each other's eyes for what seemed like eternity. Finally, he reached up and cupped the side of my jaw, his fingers just touching my ear. He leaned in really close, his lips resting on my ear. "Callie, first question... How did the Hellenistic age emerge?" he murmured, his voice low and husky, sending vibrations throughout my body. I swallowed the lump that had formed in my throat and my pink tongue shyly poked out of my mouth, licking my dry lips, dazed at the intimacy. My eyes met his and he smiled sweetly, awaiting an answer like an expecting puppy. Too bad all those history terms I etched into my brain for the last 30 minutes flew right out of my other ear as soon as soon as his leg touched mine.

"Um. Um... A war?" I choked out, unable to look at him in the eye.

"Callie..." he began. I glanced up expecting to see his eyes narrowed in irritation but instead, he leaned back, a smug smile on his face, his fingers laced together on his lap. "Not what I was looking for. Take something off," he finished, his smile now in an ear-to-ear grin. 

I opened my mouth to object but closed it. I had to play this right if I wanted to see him naked. So what, I got one question wrong. There were six more questions so all I had to do was get the rest right. Maybe he started out hard? I didn't want to reveal too much in the beginning either, thinking about what to take off. I only wore a sweatshirt, shorts, sandals, and undergarments. I pulled a lock of hair from my ponytail and twisted it... I smirked, my eyes bouncing from one green emerald to another.

"Okay." I wrapped a finger around my ponytail holder and pulled it through my sleek hair, releasing it from its tight grasp. My hair fell around my face, softening the harshness of my high cheekbones and accentuating my jaw line. "There it is."

Aaron scoffed, annoyance flashed in his eyes. "What the hell is that?!"

"A piece of clothing. You made up the rules." I flicked the hair tie at Aaron and giggled a little bit. Yeah, even though I'd gotten the first question wrong, I could get the rest right. All I had to do was clear my mind... 

Five questions later, I sat shivering in just my plain bra and mismatched polka dot panties while Aaron sat fully clothed, smirking with amusement. I pressed my hands into my thighs and I couldn't look at him without dying with embarrassment. I thought I could answer at least one question right but with every new question, he upped his intimacy: touching my leg gently with his large hands, stroking my bare back, brushing a piece of loose hair from my face and tucking it behind my ear, lips brushing my cheek. Each little action made my brain fog; unable to function and my body yearn, pushing closer and closer to his body for more of his touch. 

"Is... Is it Rome?" I whispered. 

"No, it's not Rome. Take another piece off, Callie. Wow, I thought that the wager would motivate you but it really just... wow. I got to say though, you've got a nice body. You shouldn't be hiding it in these baggy sweatshirts," he said, picking up my sweatshirt I loved to wear and tossing it across the room, close to the door. 

"I... uh... can't take anything else off," I replied, the blood rushing to my face. Although I was extremely embarrassed, I was also extremely turned on and I didn't want him to see it. My nipples were erect, pressing against the cotton of my bra and my pussy was so wet, I was sure my arousal soaked through my underwear and the mesh fabric chairs. "We're in a public place," I choked out.

Aaron leaned in, placing an arm on the table in front of me and the other on the back of my chair, gently brushing my bare back, right above my bra hook, making me blush even more and sending an electric shock down to my core. "What do you mean you can't take anything else off, Cal? You made the deal. You got to take something off. Besides, nobody's here," he coaxed. I stole a look at his face and the irritation in his eyes was replaced fully with desire and his lips curled in a playful, sly smile. 

"Do... do it for me," I whispered, blood rushing to my cheeks. 

"As you wish."

The hand that was on the back of the chair swiftly came into action, unhooking my bra expertly and letting my B cup breasts pop out. I removed my hands from my thighs and set my head down, blocking Aaron from seeing my erect nipples. The cool wooden table was a nice relief from the rest of my flaming hot body. Peeking a little bit, Aaron stared at me stunned as his arm automatically threw my bra on top of my sweatshirt perfectly. I gulped, thinking about what he would do next as I didn't want him to discover my wetness I was sitting on. 

"We can, uh, end here now if you want," he stammered, turning around to stare out the window.

Heart pounding from the embarrassment, my mind swam about how he started this game and now he wanted to just end on his terms. Here I was, in just my panties, wet as the rain outside and he just wanted to end? I don't know how I thought this would end but now was possibly the only chance to make my little fantasy before into a reality. With a shaky heart and all the courage I could muster, I draped by body over him, my exposed breasts gently grazing his back, nipples pressing into the soft fabric, making him shift in his seat. "Wha... what do you mean stop," I whispered unevenly into his ear. "Don't you want to keep playing and see how this goes?" I expected him to flinch, push back the chair, and run out of the room but instead, he turned whirled around and pushed me down on the table, locking down both my arms, and knocking back both the chairs. 

Aaron's eyes glowed with lust and greed, his breath rough and shallow. "Ever since you came here, all I can think about is you. You never look at me. I could have any girls' eyes except for yours and it drives me nuts," he growled. "You grew up to be so fucking cute. When Kendall asked me to tutor you, I thought it was my chance but no, it still seemed like you had no interest, no desire. Do you really want to see what happens, Callie?" Aaron lifted one his hand from my arms and gently stroked my pussy slit over my underwear. I sucked in cool air at his hand's warm touch. My groin pushed out, wanting more of his touch and my knee knocked against his bulge, feeling his fully erect penis through his shorts. There was no denying that I was wet down there and his fingers confirmed it as he slowly rubbing up and down my region, the distinct sound of my arousal being teased echoing in the air.

"Aaaaron—" 

He quickly pushed his body onto mine, his lips pressed up against mine and hot tongue snaking its way into my mouth. I closed my eyes and moaned into his mouth as his hand on my core pressed my hard pearl over my panties. As his tongue retreated from my mouth, I sucked in his lower lip, nibbling on it, a low groan escaping from his mouth. 

"I kept myself under control for the longest time but after seeing you today, babe, it was really hard. I tried but when you wanted it too, I couldn't hold back anymore," Aaron admitted, leaving explosive pecks on my face and neck. "Last question, Cal... what do you want me to do?"

"I... I... I... I want you to do you know," I mumbled, blush spreading through my body and eyes unable to meet his gaze. 

"Wow, Cal... Wrong answer. Again. Your panties are gonna have to come off But first..." 

The corners of his mouth curled into a devilish smile and he leaned in, his rough lips meeting my neck. His tongue peeked out and swirled on my skin before sucking a little nub of skin into his mouth. "You taste sweet... Just how I imagined you would," he whispered, biting into my neck for a second mark. 

His hands cupped my perky breasts and he pinched my nipples, rolling them gently between his thumb and pointer finger. After he finished suckling on my neck, his lips trailed down to my bosom, leaving hot kisses burning in my skin. He flicked one of my nipples with his tongue and sucked while his hand hungrily groped my other breast. 

"Ah...Ah... Aaron...please" I breathed out involuntarily as my back arched on its own, little strokes of ecstasy dancing down my back and hotness swelling between my legs, wetness leaking out from my pussy as he kept stroking through my panties. I wrapped my arms around his neck for a second, buried my head in the crook, and breathed in deep, the smell of his salty skin mixed with a hint of men's body wash intoxicating me and making me whine for more. "I... I... I can't stop thinking about you now. I haven't been able to for a while... Since you've started to tutor me," I confessed, blushing deeper red and taking a little nick of his neck before collapsing back down. 

"Have you been thinking about this all along, Little Miss Innocent? Have you thought about how I'm going to fuck you right now, right here? You've been so dirty, Cal." He fondled my breasts, his hand that was playing with my groin found the edge of my panties. Aaron slowly peeled it off, revealing a trail of wet stickiness that clung. He released my breasts from his deliciously hot prison and threw the panties on the ground, pushing my legs apart, forcing me to reveal my cunt to him. My body became even hotter and my hands instantly reached down to block his view. "You were already so wet, weren't you, Callie. That's so fucking hot."

"I haven't shaved in a little bit," I said, looking away. He gently lifted my hands away to reveal the short, prickly hairs curving around my labia. Aaron leaned towards my body, one of his hands caressing my slit and the other reaching up and cupping my breast again. He gently squeezed, gripping my whole breast easily in his hand. My hands found their way to his hair and they acted on their own, running through his soft, sweet hair and twirling little locks as he hit my pleasure points. His fingers pinched my clit, gently rubbing and pulling, hotness from my pussy now oozing out. Noticing the new accumulation, Aaron expertly dragged his finger from my clit to teasing my opening, drenching his digit in my juices. He lifted his fingers and pushed them onto my lips, the smell of my own saltiness gently wafting in my nostrils.

"Taste yourself, Cal," he growled, his emerald eyes intensely staring at my lips. I opened my mouth cautiously and he slipped his finger into my mouth, my tongue instantly picking up the foreign taste in my mouth: salty, primal, hot, with a hint of a metallic taste. 

"You're teasing me too good," I moaned. He slipped his finger from my mouth and cupped my other breast, squeezing both of the them roughly now. His thumbs pushed into my erect nipples and released, my nipples slowly popping out more erect than before. My body quivered and bucked forwards on its own, begging for not just his fingers while my mind envisioned him pumping his cock into my pussy fast and hard. 

"I can do more than just tease," Aaron replied. He pulled forward one of the knocked back chairs, sat down, and pushed my legs apart, exposing my pussy to him even more as he leaned in, his face now inches away from it. He dove in, his tongue splitting my lips apart and lapping up my juices.

"Mmmm... Ahhh... Ahhh... It feels so good," I groaned. My back rounded up once more with anticipation. A shudder rippled through my body with just his licks and my hands instinctively found my breasts, my fingers pinching and rolling my nipples with the rhythm of his tongue. He swirled it over my clit, building up my orgasm, making me moan louder and raspier.

"Shhh! Be quiet, Callie!" Aaron snapped, lifting his head from my groin and shooting me emerald daggers. "Be quiet or I'll make you," he continued, before going back in, rhythmically licking my enlarged clit with his tongue and finally inserting two fingers into my vagina, stroking the special spot on my walls.

I cried out again, the pressure of his fingers filling me and the stroking creating another hot pleasure storm I couldn't help but keep crying out, moaning raspier and quicker, my throat becoming incredibly dry. My hands found his head once again and pushed it harder into my clit, as my hips grinded against his soft tongue. He slowly built anticipation at first, but now it piled up fast, each stroke and lick collecting endless amounts of craving and bolts of uncollected desire through my body, making my back arch, my butt flex, and my hands push harder.

"Callie!" Aaron abruptly snapped again. "Since you can't even be quiet, I've got to keep you quiet." He retracted his fingers and tongue quickly, cutting my body off of its sweet supply and making me whimper. He reached into his backpack and produced a tie. Aaron leaned over me, his clothes touching my exposed cunt, the soft fabric and extruding body heat making my stomach churn for more. Without saying a word, he tied it tightly around my mouth, making me unable to speak. "Since you can't' be quiet by yourself, this will help you be a good girl."

He smiled at his handiwork and pulled off his t-shirt, revealing his broad, tan chest and shallow abs from years of playing sports. In one swift movement he flipped me over onto my knees. I turned around and saw him unzip his pants and drop them onto the ground. As his erect penis bounced up from his boxers, I couldn't help but stare. It stood slightly above average, leaned a little to the left, and had healthy, thick blue veins. His area was neatly trimmed and when he took it in his hand, stroking so gingerly with a little dollop of clear juice at the tip, I couldn't help but imagine him masturbating to this exact scenario making my ears go red and a muffled moan escaping my mouth, eagerly waiting for it to go in.

"You want this, Callie?" he taunted, taking the tip and slowly rimming my vagina and quickly moving up and down the slit, putting thick pressure on my clit in the process. I let out another stifled moan, backing my ass slowly, signaling to him that I wanted him in me as soon as possible.

After a few minutes of teasing with his member, he plunged it into my pussy, sending thousands of pleasure ripples through my body as his whole cock pushed against my edging walls, making them squeeze it even tighter. I screamed into the tie and saliva flooded my mouth, drenching it. I closed my eyes and my hips began to move on their own, hungrily gobbling his cock until it couldn't fit it anymore and slowly releasing it, the ripples turning into tidal waves pounding through my body with each time my vagina fully sheathed his penis.
