 This story takes place in the fall after Catherine and I got married, during the months of September, October and November. 

It is not a hard core sex story but a transitional story of what I found out about my in-laws and my wife's ex husband after I got married to her. 

Enjoy it for what it is and thanks for viewing and voting on my other stories. 

****

Following an end of summer visit to Los Angeles to scope out the living and job situation, in early September my soon to be in laws closed up their lake house north of Quebec, crossed the border and relocated to California.

Tom and Isabella moved into my house. 

Catherine and I did not live together before we got married as we wanted to set a good example for the girls so I stayed in the cottage in the backyard of my house and Catherine and the girls stayed at their house.

I was a visitor in my own house for only a few nights. 

Catherine, Marie, Natalie and I all moved into our new house together after our brief honeymoon in Santa Barbara. 

You can read more about how our marriage started in my story "One Wild Night in Beverly Hills."

****

In my story "The Second Time is Twice as Nice" I tell about how I reconnected with Eva, a very hot lady that had worked for one of my clients. 

But before you read that story about the second time I slept with Eva, you should read about the first time I slept with her (and another young lady who is in many of my stories, Kayla) in "I Get Rewarded for a Job Well Done." 

It describes in detail one of the more outstanding nights in my life. 

Anyway, back in the summer, after sleeping with Eva, while I was in California, on a quick trip from Canada, I met with Catherine's ex husband Rick and we reached agreement on some family issues like child support, vacation, etc. 

Basically, I paid him a lot of money with the goal of trying to get his life in a better place with two goals. The first, more immediate goal was to help him be a better dad for Marie and Natalie, his daughters (my stepdaughters). 

The second was to repair the damage he had done to his relationships with Catherine (his ex, now my wife) and her parents, Tom and Isabella.

I knew that someday Rick was going to walk his girls down the aisle to get married and I wanted those wedding days to be filled with love and fun, not anger and hate. 

Maybe I was naïve but I was willing to give it a shot with not much to lose but some money. 

I promised after we got married that I would have the alimony order removed and I did. 

I also had told Rick that if he paid Catherine her child support by the tenth day of each month, I would fully reimburse him by the 15th; so in essence, he was not out of pocket anything.

I told Rick I would help find him a better job if he was interested and also introduce him to some ladies I knew.

Rick was also going to move back into the family house where he and Catherine lived before they got divorced when we moved into the rental in the gated community.

It goes without saying that my in laws thought that Rick was a total loser and Catherine didn't care much for him anyway, but they all appreciated what I was trying to do for Marie and Natalie. 

It turns out Rick was a fuck up. Big time. 

Maybe he was an adult that never grew up, or maybe he was in a bad spot mentally because of Catherine remarrying, or perhaps he was predisposed to loving the demon brew, but Rick was arrested for two drunken driving (DUI) arrests within two months of returning from his vacation in Canada. 

The first one was in September just before we got married and the second arrest was in October, right after we got married. 

The second arrest was worse because he was driving under a suspended California Driver's License. 

Unlike Catherine, who became a US citizen, Rick was a legal immigrant operating (living) under a Green Card. The problem was that when you do stupid things like get arrested for a DUI, the US government doesn't like it very much and they moved to have Rick deported. 

I was on Rick's side, to a point. I paid for not only a criminal defense attorney (The Lincoln Lawyer wasn't available (great book and movie, BTW)) I also paid for an immigration attorney (the same lady I used to try to keep Monica (the Maid) in the country earlier in the year).

We were able to get Rick out on bail but he had to wear an ankle GPS tracking device. 

The money didn't matter, the government soon decided that Rick wasn't someone they wanted in the country and so he turned himself in and ICE took him to Canada, never to return to the US.

As you can imagine, it was shattering to two little girls who only understood that their father was moving away and would not be able to come back to America to see them or be with them.

We packed up his gear and sent it to his folk's house in Quebec. 

Rick's November departure from the US made it hard for Marie and Natalie, but it made it easier for Catherine and me. 

For one thing the whole being arrested and immigration drama was behind us. 

For another, we no longer had to deal with joint custody and all that. 

We had them full time, which made scheduling everything so much easier. 

Catherine had wanted me to be their fulltime dad from the first moment she knew I was her "one" and now she had the opportunity.

It was kind of funny, both Marie and Natalie started calling me Dad and they dropped the "D2" (as in Dad Number 2) as soon as Rick left. 

This made it easier for them too; they did not have to explain the dad / stepdad thing to their friends and it just made it simpler for everyone. 

We promised Rick that we would work out an arrangement for the girls to travel to see their dad, regularly, and to make it easier and less anxious for them, Catherine and I would travel with them to and from. 

I asked both Marie and Natalie every night at the dinner table when I got home if they had talked to their dad.

I thought it was important for them to remain in close touch with him and they soon learned that I would let them out of kitchen duty (we did the dishes and cleaned the kitchen every night after dinner together) so they could FaceTime their dad.

Within a couple of days they started calling their dad before I got home because they liked doing the dishes with me. 

****

I had suggested to Rick that if he wanted a change of pace, he might want to consider moving to Vancouver. 

(It was closer and easier to fly to for us than Quebec). 

In my story "I Take a Short Trip to Mexico" I outlined how I could get Monica (the Maid) to be closer to her daughters by moving to the west coast of Canada. 

I funded a business for her to satisfy the immigration folks and Monica had moved north about the same time as Rick got arrested for the first time. 

Once Rick got his stuff back to Quebec I paid for him to fly out to Vancouver and had him meet Monica to see if there was something he could do for a living. 

He and Monica put their heads together and they worked on a business plan for taking CYNSUITS into Canada. 

I figured out they were soon MFEO (Made for Each Other; movie reference Sleepless in Seattle) because Monica texted me that they were sleeping together and that she had Rick in AA. 

With that chapter closed, I thought I could move on with my life. 

But that was not the case.

****

I had offered a job to Tom, my future father in law at the time when I realized how smart he was and how bored he was in a forced retirement. 

I wanted him to come to work at the aftermarket automotive parts factory I was part owner of. Tom had the skills needed to improve the financial metrics as the CFO and within two weeks of starting he was able to find efficiencies and savings in many areas. 

The problem was that Tom was like a management consultant, he was good at pointing out problems and offering solutions but he was not good at executing his ideas. 

He was a thinker not a doer. 

Actually, he could have been a doer, and probably had been a doer at one time, but for some reason he didn't want to do that anymore. Maybe he thought he was beyond that, at his age. 

Fortunately, if you recall in one of my early stories "I Become a Therapeutic Instructor" I met a management accountant named Sharon. 

She was working in room service at the hotel I was staying at with Lisa, my MILF girlfriend. To be accurate Lisa wasn't my girlfriend at that time (we had just fucked for the first time that weekend) but things heated up quickly that weekend and stayed that way for several months.

Sharon got a non sexual massage from me and help finding an accounting job with one of my clients. In fact, I massaged her on Sunday night and she was working in a new job on Tuesday morning. 

Over the summer I coached Sharon via phone and while I couldn't say anything specific I did tell her, in confidence, that whatever happened at the company she was working at, I'd have a new job for her and she'd be working in less than a week. 

Sharon had not been there all that long when her company was sold. I had considered her for the dealership finance position but her experience was in manufacturing so the day the deal closed and my responsibilities to the owner who sold his company ended I moved quickly and Sharon had a new job and a substantial pay increase.

So Sharon became the number two finance person at the car parts manufacturing plant and responsible for implementing Tom's plan. I coached her that it was going to be a stretch assignment for her and I held out the carrot of her being the CFO if she pulled it off. 

Within a week Sharon had Tom's confidence and within just weeks of joining us he started to leave early every day. Tom was an early riser, 5am, and was at the factory by 6:15, and started leaving at 1pm and not returning until the next morning. 

The problem with this is he didn't tell anyone what he was doing, where he was going or when he would be back. He had people relying on him and he was letting them down. 

Now, to be fair, Isabella had told me in Canada that Tom had a heart condition and she would hold me responsible if he died at his desk. Isabella made it clear, no stress for Tom. 

But we still had a factory to run and metrics to achieve. 

This gets tricky because I wasn't technically Tom's boss but we didn't have a CEO in place but I was the go to guy at the company as the Chairman of the Board. 

When I questioned Tom he said he left to work out at the gym and then went to play golf. 

I was fine with that and then we made arrangements so that Sharon was in charge when Tom wasn't present. 

Two weeks later Tom emailed me and said since no one was handling either sales or dealing with the suppliers he would handle that. 

It was a matter of fact kind of email, as in, this is my job now. 

Tom started traveling every week and he was always out for three nights. 

He'd leave on Monday and came back so he was in the office by noon on Thursday.

One of my selling points on this job was that we worked a four day week. But ten hours a day which gave everyone a three day weekend every week. 

Tom was out of the office most of all four days, on the road, so to speak, on the company dime. 

This was not my intent when I hired him. 

Right after Tom started traveling Isabella changed her schedule too.

I had thought that with Tom out of town she would spend more time with us. 

What happened was she pretty much disappeared on those days and nights when Tom was out of town. 

Catherine had lived away from her parents for years so she didn't notice this change but I did.

She was just happy that they were around. Seeing them on Friday nights on at dinner on Sunday was fifty times more than what she had been seeing them when they lived in Canada. 

I thought the whole reason for moving to California was for them to be close to family but apparently not. 

Now, I did not know Tom all that long, but from every indication he came across as an honest man, a straight shooter, one to be trusted and respected. 

One of my jobs was to review all expense reports, not that we had all that many and to manage the budget (expenses) so we could hit our profit goals.

Tom's expense reports seemed to be okay, reasonable, nothing out of line or extraordinary but I noticed a few things that I kept to myself because they didn't sit right with me.

The first was that Tom changed hotels every trip, even if he was in the same area. Say he was in San Diego. He'd check into a hotel downtown for two nights and the third night he would be in a hotel on Mission Bay. If he was in San Francisco, he would stay at the Wharf for one night, and then two nights at the Mark Hopkins on Union Square. And every trip he chose different hotels. 

Second, he never put anything after lunch on his expense report. No dinners. No drinks. Nothing. This was odd. Most people who travel on the company dime expense as much as they can get away with. 

Third, the results of his trips didn't yield anything. No new business. No improvement in the terms and conditions that are suppliers were giving us. Tom did find some new suppliers, which was nice, but they weren't giving us anything extra, better or different than what our current suppliers were providing. 

I didn't think he was stealing but something wasn't feeling right and so, without telling anyone, I hired a former FBI agent who had his own private investigations company to follow Tom for a few weeks and report back to me. 

While I wanted to know what was going on during his weekly business trips when the PI asked if I wanted to know about Tom's weekends, I said sure. What the hell. 

During that same conversation with the PI I engaged him to track Isabella to find out where the hell she was going and what she was doing when Tom was out of town. 

About four days later the PI called me and asked "How deep do you want to go?"

I said "Explain what you mean."

His response was "The guy has two girlfriends that we know of. We think he has more. Perhaps many more. He is doing some work for your company when he is on the road, but we think there are some significant issues there too. Do you want me to do a deep dive, which means getting video and photographic evidence?"

This was a gray area for me, but I had to say yes because some of the work we were doing in the plant was going to the US Army through a chain of suppliers above us, and I could not risk blackmail, etc. 

I know it sounds farfetched but I couldn't put the company or its employee at risk because one guy was doing all his thinking with his little head. 

I said "I need to know everything, so do what you need to do."

He replied "That may cost a lot of money Jack."

I told him "We've got millions at stake; this is an investment in protecting assets. Do it. Get all of the details."

****

The PI hadn't asked me about his assignment on Isabella but I wasn't concerned.

I should have been.

On Friday morning the PI called and wanted to know if I could see him that afternoon.

To talk about Isabella.

Catherine and the girls came over each Friday to start their weekend by having lunch with me, so I scheduled for him to come over at 4pm, which would give us privacy and time. We got in my car and drove to a deserted restaurant. 

It was the same place I had taken Susan in my story "Hot & Sexy Business Opportunities." Once again, giving the waitress a $100 bill gave us total privacy and no interruptions. 

I had told no one of my concerns or about the investigation, not even Catherine.

The PI laid it out to me: the woman was a lush, and fucking around like she was an 18 year old heiress with the last name of Hilton. Or Kardashian. It was only a matter of time before she killed someone driving drunk or got a sexually transmitted disease that could kill her. Like AIDS. 

She's been tailed since getting the assignment from me and I got the hour by hour, day by day detail on what she had been doing, who she had been spending time with and how much she had spent.

When she first moved to California, Isabella was at our house at 6am Monday through Friday, helping us get the girls up and going and then taking them to school. 

After that she'd play tennis and then after lunch come over to the dealership and work on the company books for a couple hours and then go spend the later afternoon with Catherine and the girls. 

Then it abruptly changed so that she only came over to the house on Monday and Friday mornings (when Tom was home). She stopped coming to work. And the time after work wasn't spent with family. 

What the PI discovered was that Isabella was a big hit at the tennis club and the country club.

She hadn't been living in California for six weeks and Isabella had already taken a liking to the backyard cottage, hot tub and pool I had built in the spring. 

Isabella was already fucking two of the pros from the tennis club. Apparently these guys didn't know about one another.

My gut feeling was that they wouldn't care if they knew about the other poking Isabella, in fact they would likely tag team her and roast her on a spit. I trust you know what that is. 

She was having one or the other come over at 6:00 each morning when Tom was out of town (Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday) and they would fuck until about 8am. 

After the tennis pro left, she would get a massage (and another pounding) from one of several masseuses she had found online. She had a different one for each day Tom was out of town. They were servicing her each week and none knew about the others. 

Before noon, Isabella would sometimes have a tennis lesson, but more often than not, she would head over to the country club and have a liquid lunch (many drinks) with some of the ladies, her friends, from the tennis club. 

They were her friends because she always picked up the tab. Well, my company did. 

When lunch was over she'd stay in the bar, flirting with the afternoon bar tender. 

When his shift was over at 4pm, they'd go back to the cottage and they'd fuck until about 7pm.

At 8, her new "pool girl" showed up and she'd be there until about ten, then she would head home. 

So, Isabella was getting plowed by who knows how many different guys and the PI was convinced that more would surface if I let the investigation run for a couple more weeks. 

He said that as far as he could tell, she wasn't having any of her partners wear condoms. 

He had gone through the trash and hadn't found any used condoms but he had found a number of boxes for douching and enemas. 

And the recycling bin was filled with bottles and cans because Isabella and her male friends drank a lot. And they smoked a lot of weed. 

He said based on what he could see, Isabella was an alcoholic, with other addictions as well. 

I asked him if he could video all this and he said he could with the permission of the property owner. I showed him the deed to the house and he said that he just needed two hours when he knew the house would be empty and to share the alarm pass code with him. 

That weekend, Tom and Isabella took the girls to San Diego and I got the house wired. 

If there was something worth watching, there would be some money to be made and I was just the guy to profit from Isabella's indiscretions. 

In the meantime, I had to figure out how to keep Isabella from killing someone. Or herself. 

****

I called my former fling Diana (I had met her in the story "The Affair Continues in Las Vegas" but I didn't elaborate on her until the story "That Was the Weekend That Was.") to see if she knew someone who could edit film.

Diana was working for my web guy in San Diego and had done a lot of work for the various company websites and social media. 

She was a good egg and knew when to keep her mouth shut. I appreciated that she treated our conversations confidentially. 
