 My wife recently posted a story about a relationship we had with a young guy this past summer. We kind of stumbled on this site and thought it would be fun to write about it. We were overwhelmed by the response. Lots of people asking for more info on the relationship etc. We thought it might be fun to relate my experience of that first time with Mark.

I won't bore you with the details of our marriage and predilections. You can read that in my wife's post. However, as a reminder: we are in out 50's, very fit, and have always been adventurous (nothing crazy or super kinky just like to have fun and keep it interesting) and I am bi.

Ok, to my side of the story. My wife had heard about the kid, Mark, and his cock from a friend of ours. This turned my wife on tremendously. We fantasized about it in bed for a few weeks but never really considered pursuing it. After all, this was an 18-year old kid we had known since he was an 8-year old. 

Fast forward to the party where we ran into him again. My wife came to me flush with excitement and said she had been talking to him. I asked if she were going to fuck him. I asked more as a tease and a joke. I didn't think anything would come of it.  

She said, "Probably."

That was a huge turn on. She knew I would be ok with it but she also knew I didn't think she would really do it. 

I said I was ok but asked if I could watch.

She replied, "you can but are you sure it won't be too humiliating to watch me being taken by a kid with a horse cock?"

She added, "You can watch if you will be submissive to Mark and me. I understand he is a little dominant."

If you read my wife's post you may remember that, although we have role played different scenes, I am mainly a top/dom when it comes to most bi play. This was turning me on a lot though. I agreed. 

She told me to give her and Mark a head start, 10-15 minutes. I watched her go over to him. He went upstairs shortly after. A couple of minutes later she went up the stairs.

It was amazing watching my very hot wife, lean, well-muscled legs, with high heels and a short skirt walking up the stairs to meet her young well hung lover. It was all I could to keep from sprinting up after her. 

I grabbed another drink and waited. I had a conversation with a friend. If you held a gun to my head I couldn't remember what we talked about. I just wanted to go upstairs. After about 15 minutes I went up after them.

We are very familiar with the house we were in. I guessed they would be in the guest suite. The door was closed. I quietly opened it and walked in. I got such a rush when I saw my wife on her knees in front of Mark. His legs were spread and his erect cock was in my wife's mouth. She had used the term "horse cock". She was right. It was huge. He was as big as anything I had ever seen in a porn video. Long, extremely thick and heavily veined. His balls were big as well. I could see her and could not reach all the way around. 

He was surprised to see me. He looked scared. As my wife mentioned, we are both very fit. He is an ok looking kid. He actually is a nice guy. He is also smaller than me. Not in bad shape but clearly not an athlete's body. I am sure he thought I was going to kick his ass. 

My wife just said something like, "Don't worry. He likes to watch me. He will do as he is told."

I said, "Yes Mistress". We had role played some dom/sub, on both sides, before so I kind of took her cue.

He said that he liked it when the husbands were like that. We talked later wondering if he had been with anyone else we knew. We found out later in the relationship that he had been with another couple we knew. Very hot.

He told me to strip and get on my knees. This was just a role play for us but there was something exciting about submitting to a kid who I had known since he was 8-years old. It was also humiliating doing this in front of my wife. But also a tremendous turn on.

I watched my wife continue to suck him. She was a mess. Her hair was in disarray, her pants were undone, and her shirt was open and bra off. Her tits were free. Her mouth was on him and she stroked him with both hands. He ordered me to crawl over. He asked if I wanted it in my mouth. I have sucked cock before. I wanted this massive piece in my mouth. I said yes. He told her to feed it to me. We were both on it. Hungrily licking up and down the shaft, sucking it in, licking and sucking his huge balls. 

Mark pulled her up and told her to take her clothes off. She did as asked and sat down with him. Here I was on my knees with my wife's lover's huge cock in my mouth as she sat there kissing him and having him stroke her breasts, fingering her clit. It was, again, humiliating looking her in the eyes as I sucked.

He was very turned on and asked her if she wanted to see him cum in my mouth. I had never had a guy cum in my mouth before. I had tasted cum on my wife's lips, on her body, in her pussy. However it was all part of a larger scene, never such a direct thing. I was nervous but I wanted it. I had never had that desire before but now all I could think about was taking his load. My wife said she wanted to see it.

Soon I could feel him swell in my mouth, he started fucking my mouth. I was nervous. Didn't know what to expect. He started to moan as he came. I felt my mouth fill. I guess I had expected a salty taste but I really didn't taste anything. I just had a mouth full of cum. I swallowed. He kept cumming. I swallowed again. I felt like I couldn't take anymore. He pulled out and jerked the rest on my face. I don't know exactly what I felt, humiliation, shame, excitement.

My wife knelt down and kissed me, licked his cum off of my face. She hugged me and whispered to ask if I was ok. I said it was ok. Afterwards we talked. She said she was worried that it was too much. If I hadn't been ok with it she would have stopped then. I assured her it was ok.

I feel like I may have taken up too much space here. If warranted, I may continue in another post.