 Atmosphere is everything. The world's best food, smartest waiters, and most expensive menus are nothing if the lighting is too bright, the music too loud, or there are stains on the tablecloths.

He'd brought her to her favourite restaurant for dinner. They sat quietly talking, sipping white wine, their waiter appearing and disappearing unobtrusively at intervals. They held hands under the table.

Suddenly he noticed a wicked gleam in her eye as she shifted restively in her chair. Her hand guided his, letting his fingers rest on her thigh. His eyes widened as he caught her intention. She leaned towards him, and he kissed her. She rested her cool cheek against his hot one, whispering huskily into his ear: "I dare you." He remained silent, though his fingers on her thigh tightened. She murmured again, "I dare you," adding, "I dare you… to make me cum."

His breath caught in his throat. He felt his own excitement stirring and knew that she must have known, must have guessed what effect her words would have on him. Silently he cursed her for the control she held over him. He slid his fingers down towards her knee until he reached the hem of her skirt, then began moving back up.

As his fingers glided up the nylon of her stockings, she reached for her wineglass and sipped from it. She smiled over the rim of her glass as his fingers made the discovery that her stocking came only to mid-thigh - and then that she wore no panties.

As his fingers slipped easily against her wet lips, she set her glass down on the table and folded her hands on the tablecloth. She drew in a deep breath that stuck heavily in her throat as his index finger slipped deeply into her pussy. Her thighs spread slightly, instinctively, her body opening to his touch. She slid slightly forward in her seat, allowing his fingers better access.

Looking around the restaurant, he saw that they were unobserved. Without removing his fingers from between her legs, he slipped silently from his seat and crouched beneath the table, the long cloth hiding him from view. He pressed his lips to the inside of her thigh just above her knee, and her hands came down to rest on his head, slipping through his hair. She pushed herself still further forward, and the sweet smell of her arousal reached his nose as he leaned in closer, his tongue flicking out against the stocking covering her thigh.

She bit her lip tightly to keep from making too much noise, but as his lips moved further up her thigh, his fingers curled inside her, brushing her inner walls and sending shivers of pleasure up and down her spine, and she gripped his head tightly with her fingers in his hair.

His lips moved ever closer to her pussy, the intoxicating smell of her juices driving him insane, and his cock strained against his pants as he worked another finger into her tight opening. Her thighs spread even further apart as his lips drew closer, and finally his tongue flicked out to rasp across her clit. Her hands tightened in his hair as she shuddered in pleasure, and he quickly sucked her clit into his mouth. The taste of her filled his senses, and he released her clit to drag his tongue up and down her slit, trying to taste more and more of her sweet juices. He drew his fingers from her pussy and sucked the wetness from them, then pushed them back into her wet hole, three fingers this time, twisting and curling as they entered her. He watched her pussy lips stretch around him, and felt his cock throb as it ached to take their place. Instead he contented himself with sucking at her pussy - his mouth closing around her wet, silky lips, around her hard, throbbing clit, pushing into her wet hole alongside his fingers. The smallest finger of his right hand dipped briefly into her pussy and moved around to her ass, brushing so lightly across her tight opening as he sucked harder on her clit.

Serious now, needing her to cum, he sucked at her clit, his fingers curling against her pussy's inner walls and brushing against her ass, as she writhed beneath his ministrations. He felt her pussy clenching his fingers and her hips pushing up into his mouth, and he moved faster, harder, knowing exactly what she wanted with every stroke and every suck. Finally he felt her pussy spasming even harder, heard her whimpers and moans growing slightly louder, felt her body tensing and preparing for its release - and then suddenly it exploded over her, her body shaking and shuddering as she clutched him tightly with her hands and with her thighs and with her pussy. She came and came, holding him in a vice-like grip, refusing to let him go. Finally her thighs relaxed, her hands stroked his hair gently, her pussy still clenching and releasing his fingers softly.

He licked his lips, then her pussy, lapping up all the juices that had escaped. He sucked his fingers clean as he pulled them out of her wetness. Finally he pulled himself back up into his chair, his rock-hard cock throbbing in protest. He leaned towards her and she kissed him, licking his lips and sucking his tongue into her mouth, tasting herself. Finally he pulled back and smiled, taking a sip from his wineglass, then leaning to her once more and whispering in her ear… "My turn again."