 All of my stories are true. Many happened during the 70's when sex was still carefree and easy.

Back in the seventies I had the best roommate. Eric was in a successful band so he was on the road at least 75% of the time. I met him because I was head of security at the high rise luxury apartment complex where his girlfriend lived. I often worked the midnight to 8 shift. He'd come back from a gig and still be hyped up and unable to sleep so he'd come down to the lobby and we'd talk. I had a 2 bedroom apartment that came with the job in the same building and when Eric and his girlfriend Barbara broke up he was a natural choice as a roommate. 

Shortly after he moved in I got news that his old girlfriend was moving out of the building. One night when I was just hanging around watching TV Barbara showed up at my door. I had always found her to be very attractive. About 5'5" tall, thin with small boobs and a hot little ass, she also had long black curly hair and really beautiful dark eyes. She was a nice Jewish girl from Long Island going to college in Boston. Eric was gone for several days on an out of state gig. Barbara knew that but told me that Eric had told her she could stop by and pick up a few things that he still had of hers.

I let her in and asked if she wanted to smoke a joint with me and she smiled and accepted the offer. I always had killer weed in those days and this proved to be no exception. We were both totally zonked out and just watched some television and giggled at stupid jokes. At one point Barbara asked me if it was OK if she just crashed in Eric's room that night because she was too zonked to make her way back to her apartment. I told her that was fine and she went into his room to change into something more comfortable than the jeans and blouse she was wearing. I ordered a pizza to be delivered. Munchies you know...

Barbara came back in the living room dressed in a silk robe that she found in Eric's room and lay on the sofa while I was in a stuffed chair watching the tube. I rolled another one and we shared it. I couldn't help notice that Barbara seemed naked under that robe. Just the way that it clung to her body and I didn't see a hint of clothing either at the neck or below the knees. I figured that she was just getting comfortable and stoned but the evil part of my mind began to wonder if there wasn't something else going on. But I pushed those evil thoughts out of my mind because Eric was my buddy and my roommate and I wasn't about to do his recently ex girlfriend. That just wasn't my style.

The pizza showed up and we watched TV and finished off the pizza washed down with a bottle of Chianti I had in the house. Barbara lay back on the sofa and we both just zoned out on the TV. Every once in a while I would glance over at her but she seemed caught up in what ever was on the tube. The next glance got my full attention however. Her black curly hair was spread over her shoulders, the robe had "slipped" open and Barbara's left breast was clearly visible. And although she was no more than a B cup it was a very hot looking breast. It was obviously firm and perky. Her areola was a dark pink and covered most of the tip. Her nipple jutted proudly and was about the size of a dime. She still stared at the TV but I had at least momentarily lost interest as I looked at that gorgeous tit. There was a battle going on in my mind, "Don't look, its Eric's girlfriend!" said one side, "You ought to suck on that nipple as soon as you can because she's Eric's EX girlfriend." Finally I had sense to pull my eyes away and back to the TV. The mental struggle continued and my eyes just couldn't resist another peek. 

Oh crap! The other tit was out now! Her eyes were still glued to the TV but her left hand was casually brushing her right nipple! This could not be an accident. I watched as she caressed herself and began to feel no small amount of tightness in my groin. When I glanced up at her face she was looking right into my eyes. She stared right into my eyes as she continued to caress that nipple that looked like it might burst at any second. A similar sensation was occurring in my pants.

I finally got up enough courage to speak, "Barbara, I don't know what you are thinking but Eric is my friend and there can't possibly be anything between us." She simply smiled and her lower body shifted. My eyes trailed down her body and I could see that the robe was now open below her waist too Her stomach was flat and hairless but ended with the sight of her thick black bush. I could just make out the beginning of her slit through the hair. OMG! The battle was really raging now! Just before I was sure that I was going to get up out of that chair and tell her to get the hell out her right hand made its way down her body, fingers trailed through that black public hair and her middle finger slipped between her cunt lips. Her inner lips were swollen and bright pink! Her finger moved in a slow circular motion around her clit. I couldn't see it yet but I knew right where she was rubbing. Her woman scent suddenly filled my nostrils. God, it smelled heavenly. I watched as she spread her lips farther and this time I could she her swollen clit peeking through its hood. The pressure in my groin was unbearable.

"Barbara," I half stuttered, "we can't do this. I don't want to do this." Again she smiled but this time she spoke "Look, I'm leaving this place. I probably won't ever see you or Eric again. But I've wanted to be with you since the first time I saw you." I licked my lips, still mentally struggling with the situation. She continued, "Eric will never know." My resistance suddenly crumbled. I got up from the sofa and approached the sofa. Barbara continued to pleasure herself as I moved to her. When I got to the sofa I moved my hands down to my bulging crotch and purposively unzipped my pants. With a brief struggle I managed to free my engorged cock. Barbara's eyes lit up and she licked her lips as the swollen purple cock head appeared. Without hesitation I leaned forward and pushed my cock toward her mouth. Barbara's head lifted up and her lips opened to take me inside. 

My cock was treated to a hot, wet, relentless sucking sensation as she hungrily suckled my cock. My hands moved down so t hat I could caress those gorgeous little tits. I tweaked the already swollen nipples and cupped her soft flesh and began to fuck slowly in and out of her mouth. All resistance was over at this point, pure lust had won the argument. The intoxicating smell of Barbara's pussy was strong in my nostrils and I decided that I really needed to taste her. I pulled my cock from her mouth, ignored her whimpered protest and paused long enough to remove my jeans, underwear and tee shirt. Fully naked I had her sit up and kissed her hotly. Our tongues wrestled and our breath was hot and fast. I broke the kiss and fell to my knees before her. I stopped long enough to feed upon her nipples and breasts. Her hands pulled my face closer into her bosom as I confirmed that those breasts were indeed sweet. I pulled away and pushed Barbara back and knelt between her legs. I pulled her legs up and open so that I had ready access to her hot cunt. I started by softly kissing her thighs. My lips and tongue worked against that incredible soft flesh as I worked toward that hot pussy. Slowly and sensuously I took my time tasting her flesh and sending pleasure through her. Her back was arched as I finally reached her pussy.

I started by just running my tongue over her wet cunt lips, avoiding her clit. I parted the lips and slowly sunk my tongue inside that wet pussy to get a good taste. After tongue fucking that sweet pussy I finally made my way to her swollen clit that was standing proudly from its hood. And softly flicked it with the tip of my tongue and was rewarded with a deep moan from Barbara. Slowly I inserted a finger into her wet slit and finger fucked her as I teased her clit. I increased the speed and pressure of my tongue and in only moments I started to feel her pussy tightening around my finger. She was getting close to cumming so I stopped all contact with her clit and moved back to kissing her thighs. She let out a disappointed moan that indicated that she was a little frustrated at having been so close to release but I slipped another finger inside her cunt to let her know that I hadn't forgotten about her.  Once I sensed that her clit had calmed down a bit I made my way back in that direction and applied some more licking in conjunction to my finger fucking. At this point her juices covered most of my hand and pooling under her ass on my sofa (not the first time that sofa had been so blessed.) 

Once again I worked her close to orgasm and then abruptly pulled away. This time she let out a "You bastard!" comment and I just chuckled as my fingers continued the exploration of the inside of her hot pussy. Her pussy walls were slick but tight as they squeezed against my fingers. I was going to enjoy getting my cock in there! Once again when I sensed that she had calmed down enough I went back to stimulating her clit with my mouth. She had wised up a bit by now and I felt both of her hands grab my head and pull me tighter against her pussy. I licked and sucked gently at that stiff little button, varying the speed, direction and intensity of my tongue motions. Ah, she was getting close again and her hands had a death grip on my head. I started to softly suck at the clit and this was enough to take her over the top. Her hips rose up from the sofa, her cunt spasmed and gushed juice around my fingers and I heard her guttural "Oh, my God!" as she began to cum. I kept the sucking up for a few more seconds and then stopped so that she wouldn't become too sensitive. My face was totally covered in her juice as she finally collapsed back on the sofa. 

Barbara lay on the sofa quivering with half opened eyes. A sex flush covered her upper chest. She was basking in the after glow. I let her have a few minutes and then moved up from between her legs. I straddled her upper body and then fed her my cock. "Suck me!' I said, "Suck my cock1" She wrestled a hand from between us and grabbed my cock so she could pump me as she sucked the tip. "Look at me!" I croaked. And her eyes opened so that she could look up in my eyes as she sucked my cock. I moved my hips forward forcing myself deeper into her mouth and saw the intensified look of lust in her eyes. I pulled out after a few minutes and moved to rub my cocked over her nipples bringing them back to a state of erection and then moved back up to reenter her mouth. She was definitely a good little cock sucker. She sucked and licked and seemed happy to do it. After about 15 minutes of that great head I wanted to fuck her. I contemplated how I wanted to start and decided that first thing I wanted to do was get her into my bed. 

I lifted off of her and reached down to pull her into a standing position. The robe slipped all the way off and I admired her slim sexy body. I led her into my bedroom and over to my waterbed. She asked for something to drink and I ran to the kitchen to fetch her glass of orange juice. When I returned with the juice she was propped up on the pillows and gratefully accepted the juice. After she had satisfied her thirst I got into bed beside her. Her arms enfolded me as we kissed. And we kissed with naked hungry tongues. My hand moved to feel those hot little tits and once they were brought to attention I moved down and slid my finger into the cleft of her cunt. Her hand grasped my cock and caressed it softly. I moved kisses against her throat and left saliva there as my tongue danced across and then back to her mouth where she greedily sucked me back into her mouth. 

Wordlessly I worked my body on top of hers as we continued to kiss. Her legs spread to bracket my body. My hard cock brushed her cunt lips which felt wet, smooth and hot. I felt her hand move down and grab me and then pull me forward. With a groan I sunk myself slowly into that tight pussy. Our lips never parted as I sunk all the way inside her and then began to slowly fuck that heavenly pussy. My balls were already soaked from her juices. The rest was a blurred as we remained lip locked and I just fucked her faster and deeper, her hips rising with each thrust to get as much of my cock flesh as she could. She finally broke the kissing to whisper "Oh my God I'm cumming again!" and I quickened my thrusting. Her cunt muscles spasmed around my cock and more juice splashed my balls as she went over the edge. I was in the zone now, frantic, hard as a rock, loving every minute of fucking that pussy but far from cumming. I just kept fucking her and fucking her. She seemed to just keep cumming. I was getting a little tired and knew I'd need to switch positions soon.

I slowed my motions and rolled brining her body with me. My cock never left her cunt as we shifted to her being on top. I lay back and let her do some work. Barbara fucked up and down on my cock. I watched her lovely tits bounce up and down and couldn't resist touching them. I could see my cock, shining with her slick juices as it sawed in and out of her pussy. Her pace got quicker and quicker as she looked into my eyes. Her ass moved side to side, up and down in its relentless dance. Her cunt muscles sucked and pulled at me. I felt the stirring in my balls and my hips lifted off the bed to try and get even further inside her pussy. An involuntary groan escaped from my throat and I felt my orgasm begin. As soon as she sensed it Barbara pulled up off of my cock and quickly bent to take me in her mouth. She sucked and pumped me and swallowed as I emptied myself into her mouth. Finally I was spent and pushed her away as my cock became too sensitive.

Barbara and I fucked and sucked all night. In fact she stayed the next day and in between some exhausted naps and quick meals we fucked and sucked the next day and night. 

Finally she had to go and after that I never saw her again. I tried to do the right thing by my roommate. I really didn't want to fuck his ex girlfriend but what I didn't realize was that it wasn't really my choice. A beautiful woman had made her mind up to fuck me and I never had a chance after that. Eric never found out but it's many years later and we are still friends. If he should happen to read this story, I'm sure I'll have some explaining to do. But maybe if he reads this story he'll just understand