 Later that night, just after my shower, I sat in bed with my silky lavender nightgown pulled up around my hips...applying cream to my legs from my toes up to my thighs. Jim was in his office checking email and I knew he would be coming upstairs any minute...and we'd be alone...and he'd wanna talk. I didn't know what I was going to say to him. Of course he didn't suspect a thing about what'd happened between Tom and I, but I was finding it hard to look him in the eye...it wouldn't be long before I'd have explaining to do. Sure, I felt guilty about fucking Tom while I was married to Jim, but on the other hand, I'd had the best sex of my entire life today and I wasn't going to give that up just yet.  If I confessed tonight, I knew things would have to end with Tom. Let's face it, I wasn't quite ready for that. I couldn't just give up the best sex ever without experiencing it another time or two...or five...ten if I got real lucky. 

As I began rubbing lotion onto my arms, I heard Jim coming up the stairs. He appeared in the doorway to our bedroom, leaned against the frame with a smug look on his face, and said, "Glad I checked my email before bed...I got one from Mr. Parisi."

My heart skipped a beat. "Oh? What'd he want?" I asked nonchalantly.

"Just to tell me what a valuable asset I am to the company and thank me for all my hard work."  He then swaggered towards the bed.

"That's nice, dear," I replied, continuing to rub lotion onto myself, inwardly breathing a sigh of relief.

"He also mentioned you," Jim stated as he removed his robe, pulled back the covers, and slipped into bed, naked. 

Oh fuck, I thought. "Me?"

"Yeah he said you, too, were an asset to the company, blah blah blah...anyway, he wants to get me a promotion! Can you believe it? I haven't even been there a year yet and already I'll be department head!"

I breathed another sigh of relief and gave another stardard, "That's nice, dear." I set my lotion bottle down on my nightstand, then crawled underneath the covers. I was barely lying flat on my back when Jim mounted me. He rolled his body onto mine and didn't say a word as he fumbled to find his hardening cock. His very average body, his pasty skin, his plain brown hair, his shallow brown eyes...I couldn't help but lay there and notice how average he was, especially compared to Tom. Finally, he slipped his below average, slighly misshapen cock inside me. I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to connect with him. It felt wrong to be fucking my own husband...or should I say, to get fucked by my own husband since I just laid there. 

With his arms holding up his body weight over me and his cock the only part of his body touching mine, Jim began pounding away at my cunt. In, out. In, out. Every now and then, he'd utter, "Ya like that, donchya?" or "I'm fuckin' you good now." My stomach began to lurch.

Finally, to my relief, Jim unloaded his cock inside me and abruptly rolled back over to his side of the bed. "You masturbate today?"

"What??" I asked, looking over at him.

"Did you use that big dildo I bought you or what? You felt really loose."

"Oh, ummm, yeah. I used it in the shower tonight."

"Oh, okay," he said, giving me a quick peck on my lips, then rolling away from me. "G'night honey." 

Within minutes, he was snoring. I, then, reached underneath the covers, my hand snaking downward past my belly, between my thighs. I spread my legs wide and shoved a finger inside myself, pulling some of my wetness mixed with Jim's cum upward towards my clit. I used both thumbs to spread my pussy lips wide. I began rubbing in hard, fast circles over my clit with my index finger. It quickly swelled. I'd been left to get myself off like this without Jim's help for over a year now, but at least tonight I had someone very tangible to fantasize about. I thought about Tom, about our encounter in that alleyway and I came within seconds...almost too fast, really. As I rolled my hips upward against my hands, my cum flowed from my body...dripped down my thighs and onto the sheets. I let out a deep sigh as I rolled over and felt my thigh hit the wet spot I'd just made. What had I gotten myself into?

****

The next morning, I met Sara for coffee before work. I'd already gotten my coffee and found a table when she arrived. She nodded to me, got her coffee, then, as she sat down with me, she asked, "Fuck anybody on the way here today?"

"Har-dee-har-har," I laughed begrudgingly, rolling my eyes.

"Seriously, Lore, what're you gonna do?"

"What do you mean?"

"How long are you gonna let this go on? More importantly, when are you leaving Jim?"

"Who said anything about leaving Jim?"

"C'mon, it's overdue. He's so wrong for you. He's a kissass workaholic who you're not even attracted to. Besides, what kinda man gives up on making his own wife cum?" 

"Tell me whatchya really think why don't ya!" I laughed. Sara was always so brash...and so right.

"You should go for Tom. You two would be hot together."

"Do I hafta remind you that he's our BOSS?"

"Didn't stop you yesterday afternoon!"

"Yeah, but--" Before I could finish making an excuse for myself, my cell phone rang. "One sec," I told her as I answered it...Jim's cell number had popped up on my screen. "Hi, honey, what's up?"

"Lore, hey, we need to talk."

"Jim, what's going on? Is everything ok?"

"Ummm, yeah, I need to talk to you, though. Dinner tonight ok? At Silvio's?"

"Sounds good. About 6 p.m.?"

"Perfect. See you there."

I snapped my phone closed and Sara immediately asked, "What was that all about?"

"Jim just said he wanted to talk tonight."

"What do you think that's all about? Do you think he knows?"

"About Tom and I? No way. Jim's always such a drama queen. He always takes me to Silvio's when he wants to buy a new car or something."

Sara laughed. "Yeah, you DEFINITELY need a new man. One who'll pay more attention to your clit than to his car."

"Are you done yet? Can we go?"

"Depends."

"On?"

"If you fuck a guy on our way to work this morning, can I watch this time?"

"Oh for fuck's sake, Sara!" I laughed as I got up out of the booth and marched towards the door.

****

Sara and I walked into the office a few minutes later, coffee in hand, to discover Valerie putting some of the personal items from her desk into a box. She was crying. I didn't even think Valerie was capable of emotion, especially one that displayed such...vulnerability. "Val, what's wrong?" Sara asked.

"I've been fired," she said matter-of-factly as she quickly wiped away her tears. 

"What for?" I asked.

"Well, I THOUGHT I was doing what I was supposed to...being a good secretary. I'm the best damn executive secretary in this town!" she yelled, displaying more emotion than I'd ever seen out of her.

"What do you mean? What's going on?" Sara inquired.

"Mr. Tinsdale...I kinda...well...I helped him."

"What do you mean you helped him? You stole, too?!"

"No! Don't you dare try to damage my reputation, you little twits! I didn't see a dime of that money! I just did as I was told!"

Tom walked out of his office a few feet away. "Keep your voice down, Valerie. Your severance check is ready for you downstairs...you can pick it up on your way out."

Valerie huffed, grabbed her box and her coat, then pushed past Sara and I on her way to the elevator. "Fuck all of you!"

The three of us just watched her leave. Sara and I turned back around and looked at Tom. "I knew she was trouble from the minute I met her," he said, shaking his head.

"Bitch and a half," Sara added. We all just kind of stood there in an uncomfortable silence for several seconds. Finally, Sara spoke again. "Anywho, I'ma go get started."

"I'll be right behind you," I told her. I wanted a moment alone with Tom, though I wasn't sure what I was going to say.

"Actually, no LoreLai, you won't."

"What??" Sara and I asked in unison.

Tom realized what we thought he was saying. "No, no, no, of course I'm not firing you, Lore. I was hoping you'd be my new executive secretary. More pay...more responsibility...more...benefits." He said "benefits" very slowly, very smoothly. I knew JUST what he was referring to. "Come into my office so we can discuss it," he said, walking inside. 

Sara gave me a wink as I followed him in, shutting the door behind me. He and I had a lot to talk about besides the executive secretary position. As much as I wanted the "benefits" he had to offer, I knew I couldn't keep doing this. I was feeling more and more guilty since I'd woken up that morning. I kept thinking about Jim. He might not be perfect, but he was still my husband. Until he and I decided to split up, I had to try to be faithful to him. I owed him that much. 

Tom took a seat behind his desk. "Sit down," he said. I walked across his office and quickly sat in one of the two modern black leather chairs positioned in front of his sturdy, oak desk...the very desk he'd fucked me on yesterday. "So? Are you interested?"

"That's a generous offer, but--"

He cut me off before I could start. "No buts, LoreLai...." Tom stood up and came around to the front of the desk. He leaned against it and crossed his arms over his broad chest. "You're organized, intelligent, punctual."

"Punctual?! I was 45 minutes late to work yesterday!" I laughed.

"You weren't late...we were...in a meeting," he said with a wink.

I felt myself blush. "So when you say 'benefits'...you mean what? 401K?" I asked with a laugh.

"Yeah, that too," he answered, smiling.

"Tom, I can't."

"Of course you can be my secretary. You're perfect for the job."

"No, I mean...the benefits."

"Yesterday wasn't hot enough for you?"

"God no, it's not that. It's just that...well...I'm married."

Without hesitation, Tom said, "And?"

"And I can't cheat on my husband...again."

"LoreLai, please," Tom said, kneeling in front of me. His hands travelled up my legs. I was ready to give into him, I so wanted to, but I stopped myself. I grabbed his hands just before they went up my skirt.

"Stop."

"LoreLai...."

"I can't."

"I'm not asking...I'm TELLING you. You're going to be my new secretary."

"Fine, but sans certain benefits."

Tom sprung up from the floor and grabbed my arm roughly, jerking me out of the chair. He turned me around promptly and bent me over the desk, pinning me to it with his strong arm and kicking my legs out with his own, forcing them wider. I felt as though I were being arrested, not having a discussion about a job offer. The first emotion that rose within me was anger...I'd never before been treated this way. "Let go of me!" I yelled.

Suddenly, though, I felt my skirt get pushed up around my waist. Before I could scream again for him to stop, Tom planted his hand over my mouth. "Quiet," he demanded, but then he suddenly softened. "Lore, baby, I understand you have morals...I honestly like that about you...." He began fumbling with his belt, then I heard his pants drop to the floor as he continued. "...but, you see, I need you. I need you as my secretary because I know I can trust you and I need you as my lover...." he bent down and whispered against my ear, "...because you're the sexiest woman I've ever met. I always get what I want LoreLai, honey, and what I want...what I NEED is you." 

And with that, he pushed my panties to one side and shoved his perfect cock inside me in one swift motion. I moaned loudly against his hand. For fuck's sake, it was like his cock was made for my cunt. Just feeling the way he filled me made me wanna cum. He didn't move at first, though...he just stayed inside me, letting his cock swell against the walls of my cunt. Finally, he took some of his body weight off of me and removed his hand from my mouth...he knew I wouldn't protest at this point. He put his hands on either side of my body, palms flat on his desk, and slowly pulled his cock out of me. I arched my body up a bit...just as I made it up to my elbows, though, he SLAMMED his dick back inside me really hard making me fall flat back onto the desk. He then grabbed a handful of my hair, forcing me to arch back against him. He brought my ear up towards his mouth and whispered, "You love me fucking you as much as I love doin' it? Hmmm?"

"Yes," I answered breathlessly.

"Mmmmm," he moaned. He quickly unbuttoned my blouse and reached into my bra with his large hands, pulling my tits out over the top of the cups. He manhandled them...pinching the nipples and mauling them as he continued slamming his dick in and out of my wetter than wet pussy. He held me there against his chest as he fucked me. The way he was abusing my breasts, the way he forced my body into a deep arch, the way his cock pistoned through my cunt with every thrust...it was the most painful pleasure I'd ever felt in my entire life. Just when I didn't think I could get any more turned on, Tom's hand left my right nipple and found my clit. He spread my pussy lips slightly and put two fingers over my clit...rubbing it hard and fast as he bit my neck. My body immediately began to shake. "Give yourself to me," he whispered, but it didn't matter...I already had. I shook and moaned as my cum overtook my body. I could feel my cum pouring out of me, coating his fingers as well as his cock. "That's it, baby, that's it," he said as he slowed his thrusting. His tone changed from aggressive to sensitive in a heartbeat. He held me tight against him until the last shiver left my body.

"Did you cum good, sweetheart?" he asked.

"God, yes," I purred.

"Good...my turn!" Just as he'd gone from aggressive to sensitive only moments beforehand, he went back to aggressive just as expeditiously. He ripped his cock from within my body, grabbed a handful of my hair, and forced me onto my knees at his feet. Before I could protest, Tom shoved his cock into my mouth and down my throat. He held tight onto my hair with both hands, not allowing me to move as he fucked my mouth. I held my lips tight around his cock, licked all around his shaft as he moved in and out of my mouth swift and rough. I gagged as I felt his cock repeatedly slam against the back of my throat. He boorishly forced my head to bob up and down on his cock. I'd never been used like this...it turned me the fuck on. 

"Show me those tits...pinch your nipples as hard as I was earlier...do it, bitch," he growled. Immediately, even more turned on than before, I lifted my heavy breasts in my hands and held them up so he could see them. "That's it," he moaned. He watched intently as I took my nipples between my thumb and forefinger and pinched them, forcing them hard. "Harder," he demanded. I pinched them harder until they truly hurt...my cunt had never been so wet. 

Tom, still holding a huge handful of my hair, held my head still as he face fucked me as hard as he could. His cock slammed into the back of my throat over and over again. He was staring at my mouth as I looked up at him...then our eyes locked. "Oh godddddddddd," he moaned just as I felt the first bit of a huge load of cum slide onto my tongue. I could taste him as he flooded my mouth and I, in turn, swallowed as fast as I could. I kept swallowing as his hips began to slow. We never took our eyes off each other as I milked him dry. 

Finally, Tom let his softening cock fall from my lips and let go of his grip on my hair. His hand moved down and brushed my cheek. I was surprised when he subsequently kneeled down onto the floor with me. His hands went to my face and he looked straight into my eyes, suddenly very serious. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"

I shook my head "no". 

"Did you enjoy me getting rough with you?" he asked, smiling.

I smiled back, shaking my head "yes".

"So does that mean you'll take the job...with benefits?"

Again, I shook my head "yes".

"You, Ms. LoreLai, are by far the sexiest, most amazing woman I've ever met as long as I've lived," he said, kissing me tenderly on the forehead. He then got up off his knees, helping me up to stand beside him. This time he kissed me gently on the lips.


We promptly gathered ourselves together, redressing, doing our best to appear presentable to the rest of the office. Tom went and sat behind his desk once more as I used his mirror to reapply my lipstick. "So, you go ahead and get settled in Val's old desk, sweetie, and I'll show you which projects I'd like you to concentrate on later."

"Yes sir, Mr. Parisi," I said, smiling at him.

He winked at me. "Oh, hey, I've gotta work late tonight so how about dinner? Italian maybe?"

"Sorry, Jim asked me to dinner tonight already...he says he needs to talk to me."

"Oh, ok," Tom said, sounding downright disappointed. 

I walked over to his desk and bent down to whisper in his ear. "I'd much rather be dining with you than my own husband, I assure you."

"Lore?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm crazy about you." 

I was shocked. I didn't expect such of show of interest from him. I answered in the most honest way I could. "I'm crazy about you, too," I told him, kissing him lightly on the lips before going back into business mode. "Ok, Mr. Parisi, sir, I'll be out here if you need me."

"One more thing...."

"Yes?"

"You tell that husband of yours to enjoy dinner tonight because this new position requires you to work a LOT of late nights," Tom said with a wink.

I laughed out loud. "Will do...sir."

****

I arrived at Silvio's promptly at 6 p.m. to find Jim already there. He was sitting off to the side, waving at me frantically which was quite unnecessary since the restaurant wasn't too busy. It wasn't, afterall, a Friday or a Saturday night. I kissed his cheek, then sat down in the booth across from him, wondering to myself how I was going to get through this dinner without looking him in the eye. Maybe I could talk directly to his ear and he wouldn't notice. 

The waiter came over and took our order, then disappeared leisurely into the kitchen. I looked over at Jim, who was fiddling with his napkin. He looked nervous. How fucking expensive was this new car he wanted anyhow?

"So...what's up?" I asked, bluntly, ready to hear "what a good deal" this car was going to be.

You could've knocked me over with a feather after what came next. Here I was expecting Jim to ask permission for a new car. This is what I got instead:

"I'm in love."

"Excuse me?"

"I'm having an affair...and I love her."

"Her? Her who?!" I asked, raising my voice.

"Her name's Monica...she works in the legal department."

I racked my brain, trying to picture her. "The new chick that came in a couple months ago? Monica Tendesky? The blonde with the small tits?"

"I like her tits!" he blurted, defending his mistress from his wife. 

I'd spent the last couple of days fucking another man...nonetheless, I felt my eyes welling up. I hadn't wrapped my mind around the concept of divorce quite yet...and I certainly didn't expect this. I quickly wiped my eyes, but the tears began rolling down my cheeks. 

"Lore, I'm sorry," he said, softly. 

"Whatever, Jim," I sniffled. Then I thought about Tom and how he was going to be working at the office late tonight alone. I had the biggest urge to run to him and tell him what was happening, even though it was probably not a good idea. 

"She and I want to move in together once she tells her husband that it's over, so I will probably move out pretty soon."

I gave my eyes one more quick wipe, then scooted out of the booth and stood up. "Good riddance," I said, then marched out of the restaurant and got in my car. I sat in silence for a few minutes and absorbed the shock of it all. Then, I did what any sensible woman would do...I called a locksmith and had the locks changed at the house. After giving him my address, credit card number, and telling him where to find a key, I suddenly felt better. A weight had been lifted off my shoulders. I then hung up the phone and drove towards the office.
