 I stripped off my usual professional clothing and stood before the full-length hotel mirror in my bikini panties and spikes. It felt great to get that damn bra off and let my tits loose. I was 36-D and as I looked at myself in the mirror there were the usual red marks on my shoulders, the badge of a hard days work for my bra, holding those heavy things up. I tried to go bra-less whenever I could get away with it.

I had a good body for twenty-eight – narrow waist, no fat on my hips or thighs, nice ass, very good legs, and absolutely fabulous tits. My tits were head turners. They had been head turners since high school. 

I slipped on a T-shirt and shorts, but if I didn't want people to see my tits bounce and jiggle I was gonna have to wear a jacket. It was warm outside but I didn't care, I was not gonna imprison my boobs again as they had been all day long, as I sat in the conference center listening to those lectures.

It had been a long day in a strange hotel sitting patiently and listening to lectures and looking at slides. But I had to get my CME credits and this course was an easy drive from home. It was a good two-day course and this was the last day. Time to relax. 

Tonight I had plans to see a movie. It was a movie I hadn't seen and all my friends were talking about, so I left my hotel and followed my GPS map to the address. I parked in the lot and headed for the theatre – one of those big complexes showing a half dozen movies. The one I wanted to see had been playing for a while so the audience would probably be small.

I stopped at the goody bar and ordered a diet coke. The guy behind me also ordered a diet coke. He was looking at my tits just like guys had been looking at my tits since high school. I had unzipped my jacket because I was getting warm and looking down I realized that with my jacket open it was obvious I was not wearing a bra. When I moved there was that jiggle that guys liked.

What the hell, I thought. Strange town, strange guy, let him look! This guy had to be six or seven years younger than me, but very nice to look at. Give the kid a thrill, I thought. Why not? My nipples got hard as I let him look at my tits. He could see them through my T-shirt. I've got big nipples and guys love 'em. When I made no effort to cover up, the guy made no effort to conceal his staring at my tits.

I headed into the theatre of my choice, walked down the aisle about half way, and went over to the last seat next to the wall. The theatre was almost empty. As I looked around I saw the guy who had looked at my tits sit down in the same row in the seat on the aisle.

The usual stuff was playing on the screen before the main movie started. The guy kept looking over at me. So what else was new – guys liked to fuck and they were always lookin for easy pussy. But I was here to watch a movie. I sat there sipping my coke and he kept glancing at me.

I don't know why it happened, but my pussy started to tingle. She was sending me an urgent message. Maybe it's pheromones, but if I could patent it I would get rich. Now I had to decide whether I wanted to watch a movie or fuck this kid. And I hadn't been fucked in two months.

That guy was still glancing over at me. Oh what the hell, I thought, look back at him, so I did. It took only a couple of eye contacts for him to stand up move over and sit beside me. He said not a word, but he slowly moved his knee over against mine. I didn't move my knee and in that moment I made up my mind. I was gonna feed my peter-hungry pussy! She sure as hell needed it!

Looking around it was clear that there were very few people in the theatre and no one close enough to see us very well. There were two couples making out. I felt like a teenager again – messing around in a movie.

He put his left arm around my shoulder and I leaned closer to him. Then I felt his right hand creep up under my T-shirt and begin exploring my tits. Five minutes after he first saw 'em jiggle, they were naked in his hand and he was playing with 'em. My tits were big and full and firm. This kid – I guessed he was twenty or twenty-one – maybe never felt tits as good as mine.

The main movie had started now, but my mind was on other things. Sitting there in the dark getting my tits played with felt really good. He played with 'em for maybe ten minutes – jiggling them, working on my nipples and squeezing them. He was having fun. So was I.

Then he moved his hand down. The top of my shorts was elastic so his hand slipped into my shorts easily. He rubbed my belly for a while then moved under my bikini panties and down towards my pussy. 

He began tickling my mons – I shaved my beaver because a lot of guys at the university liked to get a good look at a gal's labia and clit and they liked to play with naked pussy. Some guys wouldn't eat 'em if they were hairy. His fingers felt good working on my mons. Then I felt a finger start stroking my clit. It was as hard as a rock by now and my pussy was starting to get wet.

His finger moved down and slipped easily into my vagina between my wet lips and I spread my legs, so he could get inside me better. If this kid had had any doubts about whether I wanted to fuck, he knew when he felt the dripping wetness of my vagina that he was gonna score – my pussy was getting ready for him. I was gonna spread my legs wide for his pleasure – and he knew it! He'd found exactly what guys are always looking for – easy pussy!

Damn! That felt so good after a long hard day listening to lectures. This takes me back to high school and college - sit in lectures all day taking notes, then sit in a car at night and get your pussy played with.

I hope he takes his time, I thought, this is so damned relaxing. I love it! This guy may be a lot younger than me but he was not inexperienced – he knew how to handle a wet pussy. And he took his time. He was getting me ready to fuck!

He kept working on me till I was ready. Then he kept on working until I was MORE than ready. He really had me! And he knew it! I was hoping he'd make his move sooner rather than later.

Finally, and when you're as horny as I was getting it seemed like an eternity, he made his move. Not a word, but he removed his right hand from my pussy and put his left hand under my elbow to help me stand up.

I followed him, like a bitch in heat following a hound dog. I was ready to fuck! He walked to the aisle, and up the aisle, and out of the theatre. I followed him, with my pussy dripping - helpless with desire. He was leading me to his car! I started praying silently - Oh please Lord, don't let it be a Toyota.

I'd been fucked in little Japanese cars all through high school and college. And I can tell you from personal experience that fuckin is not much fun if you can't spread your legs wide enough to give the guy a fair target to pound. I had learned in high school that if you want that pussy pounded you gotta spread those legs wide.

He stopped at his car. It wasn't a Toyota! It was one of those big white SUVs – the kind you see everywhere. I was gonna have room to spread my legs – spread 'em wide like I could never do when I got fucked in a little car.

The windows were tinted so you couldn't see in. That's good I thought - it's distracting, when you're trying to fuck, to have people walk by and look in the window. There were a lot of teenagers walking around in small groups talking and laughing.

He pushed the keypad several times and lights flashed and beepers beeped. Then he opened the back door. The back seats were all folded up and the space seemed enormous – more than enough room to fuck. I crawled in and he followed. I started to strip down for him right away. I think he could see I was really eager to fuck.

The light was low but there was enough for him to enjoy looking at my naked body. When a man looks at me naked it always makes me glad that I strap on that damn athletic bra real tight and go jogging. When I get tired jogging, I imagine a man looking at me naked – it's an incentive to work harder and sweat more. He looked me over carefully. I could tell he liked what he saw. Then he started to undress.

He had a hard on when his shorts came off. I reached over and played with it. He was circumcised, which I like. Some uncircumcised guys get dirty under their foreskin and I don't like that taste, although I'm well aware that fags love it. In fact, San Francisco is trying to pass a law against circumcision! His cock was a nice size – about six or seven inches I'd say – and my hand fit around it nicely.

I reached down and felt his balls. Big but not too big – more than one load in these babies I thought. Shit! Why do I still think that way? Semen in not stored in balls! It's stored in seminal vesicles. I didn't learn that till my course in anatomy, but everybody thinks testicles are where the semen is.

Maybe it's sexier to think that. I played with that idea in my head as I played with his testicles in my hand – yeah, it is sexier to think that cum is stored in a guy's balls. When you're getting fucked you can feel 'em lift up out of your hand, high in a guy's scrotum just before he pumps his load. In my head, ever since high school, I always imagined those balls were unloading their thick, creamy, wonderful stuff deep inside of me.

This guy was great! Most guys just want to ram it in once they get you naked. But he was very patient. He knew I was gonna spread my legs for him! He knew he had me! And he was taking his own sweet time feeling me up. He was teasing me and enjoying my body. He knew the hornier he got me, the better fuck I'd be – and he was right. I was gonna work hard be the best fuck this kid ever had. I was grateful to him for ending my two-month dry spell.

He played with my body rubbing his hands over every inch of me – tits and ass and shaved pussy and all. And I played with him too. Damn! Muscles feel so much better than soft flesh, although as his hands explored my body I knew he didn't feel the same way I did about muscles and soft flesh – and what a good thing that was!

As I had that thought another bunch of teenagers walked past the car laughing and joking. Thank God for tinted windows.

I was getting so horny I was starting to tremble. And just like back at the theatre, I was starting to hope he'd move faster. I didn't want to beg this kid for it, but if he didn't make his move pretty soon I just might have to. I needed to feel that hard thing inside me. Now!

At last he put his hand on the back of my head and guided me down to his dick to get him ready. One reason I liked dicks his size was that they were easier to suck than the monsters. Of course I'd had to suck a few monsters – all gals do – and big ones are a real pain in the ass to suck off. It's work! Just getting the monsters slippery with spit is work. But you gotta suck guys' cocks – they expect it. They wanna look down and see a bitch on her knees working hard enough to make her tits jiggle.

I took well over half of his dick in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it until it was slippery with my saliva. He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up, then laid me down on my back. He was rough but he didn't hurt me. It was real nice touch – I had the image of a caveman dragging his bitch into a cave by her hair to fuck her. And I was certainly his bitch and he was certainly gonna fuck me - I was eager to fuck and the bastard knew it.

I could spread my legs as wide as I wanted to. And I did! This was no Toyota! He crawled between my legs and I reached down and guided his cock into me. Damn that cock felt good. I tightened my pussy a couple of times to give that strange dick a user-friendly hello. If my pussy could talk she'd be saying, "Glad to see you! Have your fun with me!"

When you fuck a new guy, there's always a minute or so where you both figure out how your bodies are gonna fit together and who likes what. How high does he want my ass? How high do I lift my knees to get my clit in the right place to rub his pubis? And so on.

He's trying to figure out other stuff - how hard does the bitch want me to fuck her? Is she a gal who likes a gentle fuck or does she want that pussy pounded? Where does she want her legs? Should I lift her knees up to her shoulders so the bitch can take it really deep or does she want her feet on the floor so she can pump her ass harder?

Of course new lovers don't negotiate these adjustments – their bodies just make 'em till everything feels right. It didn't take long before our bodies got it all sorted out and then he starts to pound me and I'm matching his every thrust lifting my ass up to meet him. Oh yeah baby – pound that pussy hard! It's all yours! Have your fun!

Our bodies are making a slapping sound as we bang together. My clit's getting what she needs – what she has needed for the past two months. And my pussy will get what she needs – something hard to grab hold of when my clit sends her that signal. Vibrators work of course but your pussy needs something to clamp down on when you cum. That's why the good Lord made peckers.

Once we got our rhythm settled and we were both comfortable I reached down with my left hand and took hold of his balls. Some of my girlfriends talked a lot about how big their guy's balls were. What I wanted was a pair that I could depend on and that fit neatly into my hand because I enjoyed massaging them. Usually guys liked that feeling – fucking a bitch while she played with his balls.

I could almost hear him telling his buddies about me – easy pussy he was gonna say – spread her legs to make that dripping cunt available for my fingers in the movie theatre, he'd say - and she played with my balls while she fucked. And you should have seen those tits! She was one horny bitch.

I could never figure out why some of my girlfriends always talked about how long a guy could last. I just wanted him to last long enough to bring me off – after that he was a nuisance.

And my young man was good. I felt it coming like I always do – building gradually – more and more until my pussy just exploded and I trembled all over in helpless ecstasy. When a guy can do that to a pussy on a regular basis, he owns that pussy! It's his property to use whenever he wants it! This guy was that good and I was sorry I was never gonna see him again!

After my orgasm, I lay there thinking those thoughts as my young man grunted and pumped his load. I lifted my ass up to take it deep because in my experience most guys like to pump it there.

He collapsed on my body panting for air and I stroked his sweating back and kissed his neck. I loved the taste of a man's sweat – especially sweat he made servicing my needs. Another bunch of teenagers walked past the car laughing and joking.

He rolled off of me and we lay resting in silence for perhaps five minutes. Then he rolled back and began playing with my tits and stroking my body. I loved the smell and feel of a sweating male body close to me and I began to play with him.

It was my turn to work up a sweat now – fair's fair. I sat up and leaned over and took his semi-hard cock in my mouth. I didn't mind the taste of semen and vaginal secretions. I had long ago learned to appreciate that I had a role to play if I expected a man to please me - and suckin a recently used dick was part of that role. I took that cock deep with my lips in his pubic hair and sucked and swirled my tongue around it as it grew larger.

After a minute or so he got nice and hard and the head of his dick was tickling my tonsils. I climbed on and mounted that beautiful thing to do him cowboy. I liked cowboy because I was in control – I could rub my clit against him exactly the way I wanted to – exactly the way I liked. I could set the rhythm to whatever I wanted. He had fucked me properly, now it was my turn to do him.

I liked having my tits admired and played with and there was no better position than cowboy for that, because they were hanging right down jiggling over his face. I feel sorry for gals with little tits. Silicone might change the way they looked, but it made 'em feel like plastic! I was supporting my weight on my arms and my tits hung down inches from his face.

I often laughed when I did a guy cowboy because it felt so damn good. Tonight I had a big smile on my face and there was enough light for me to see his expression too. It always turns me on to watch a guy work for his orgasm when he's underneath me and I'm in control. I was sweating as I worked and sweat was running down my tits to my nipples and dripping off.

I saw him staring at the sweat on my jiggling tits and at the drops of sweat dripping off my nipples. It was turning him on big time. He was strong and when he pumped his hips he just slammed into my pussy and lifted my whole body up. Watching his expression and feeling his body move I could see him getting closer and closer and as he did I felt myself do the same – excited by watching him get excited. 

Then suddenly his body trembled as he started to pump his load up into me and I dropped down onto his sweaty chest and rubbed my clit hard and fast against his pubic symphysis. My orgasm began just after his was complete. It was good and long. I felt my pussy grab on to that cock and squeeze it hard. Good Kegels make strong pussies.

I lay astride his sweating body as sweat ran off of my own – my tits pressed flat against his muscular chest. My body was now thoroughly relaxed. I just lay on top of him, panting and resting.

Damn! I thought. I love to fuck and I never get enough. The last time was two months ago. I had to watch my behavior now that I had finished training and started working. It was not like being at the university – I was just another student there and nobody cared that students fucked.

This was enough to make a girl think about marriage! I had thought about it, but the crop of eligible bachelors was small in that little town. When a guy found out how much money I made he was history – no guy wants to earn less than his wife. When I saw how old a lot of eligible guys were, I ruled them out – my reason to get married was to fuck and they were too old to do it right for very long.

I didn't want to steal another gal's husband – what the hell could I do? I had been over this many times before and laying on top of the young stud I'd just fucked was neither the time nor the place to go through it all again.

I kissed my young man and dismounted. He lay there quietly as I got dressed, his satisfied and flaccid penis lying on his belly. I leaned over and kissed him lightly on the lips, then gave his soft penis a gentle thank-you kiss and looking around to make sure no one was close, I opened the door and got out.

My SLK was parked nearby and I unzipped my jacket pocket and got my key. I threw a towel on the seat because I could feel that big double load I'd taken oozing out of my pussy and running down my leg. I didn't want it to drip off on the seat and stain the leather. Damn! That was a good fuck!

I had to use GPS to get back to my hotel and, as I drove along listening to the less than mellifluous voice of the computer giving me directions, I started thinking again about how I was gonna get fucked when I got back home. With my new job I had to be careful. That small town with all those nosey wives was nothing at all like the university town, where I could get fucked as much as I needed to.

Finding a reliable dick in my new town would be difficult. Fucking some broad's husband would be too dangerous. I couldn't be seen alone in bars looking for guys and anyway single guys my age were scarce.

I wasn't gonna try to steal a husband although if I did, it would be the doc with those soft hands who did my physical exam – those hands really turned me on. He saw everything I had, felt of my tits, put his fingers in my pussy, even checked out my Kegels, and he had no interest in me at all. Jesus! Am I losing it?
