 October is the most beautiful time of year in Dallas. The temperature has started to drop to somewhere between needing a jacket and not, just depending on your preference. About a week before Halloween, there is a scent in the air in the evening that only lingers for about two days, and then it's gone for another year.

Two young women stepped out of their apartment.

Amalea took a deep breath, filling her lungs with her favorite smell. It smelled like the earth, leaves, must, happiness, and the official end of summer. The only way she could describe it was "harvest."

"Do you smell that?" Amalea asked her roommate.

Serena withdrew her key from the lock, and then inhaled deeply. "Oh yes," she replied with a smile. 

"I love that smell," Amalea said. "I wish it would smell like this every day."

The ladies shared a warm smile.

The pair headed to Serena's beat up, white automobile. She started it up, and then they drove to a bar on the outskirts of downtown. Serena sped down the highway, weaving in and out of lanes for no apparent reason.

Amalea ran her fingers through her shoulder length curly brown locks, tussling them around. 

Her roommate smiled over at her.

Amalea saw her out of the corner of her eye. "What is it?"

"Nothing, I just love your hair. You make me so jealous," Serena said.

"Why?" Amalea asked with a chuckle. 

"It's just pretty," her roommate shrugged. "It's brown, but you have that slight tint of red. It's shiny and it's just pretty."

Amalea blushed softly. "Well, thanks. Yours is pretty too."

Serena laughed and shook her purple tipped black mane, "This rat's nest?" 

Amalea reached over and stroked her hair. "It's not a rat's nest. Though, it may be softer if you weren't always dyeing it all the time." She pulled her hand away, and then settled it on her thigh over her dark blue jeans.

"I like variety," Serena said with a grin. "Not as much as you, though."

"Hey!" Amalea shouted. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"I think you know what I mean," her roommate winked with her sea foam green eyes.

"Maybe I do." Amalea smirked. She settled back in her seat and closed her hazel eyes for a few moments. 

They arrived at their destination several minutes later. Amalea smoothed out her bunched up soft pink t-shirt and pulled it down over her hips while she waited for her friend to meet her on the sidewalk. She fully checked out her roommate's new slinky black dress for the first time. 

"Damn girl, you look hot," Amalea commented, still watching her friend's modest breasts bounce.

Serena winked, and then pulled her long dark hair over one shoulder, showing off the dragon back piece tattoo she recently had finished. "Thanks girl, you look good too. Though, a bit too innocent for my taste. You should show off your breasts more."

Amalea looked down at herself, checking out the hint of cleavage the low neckline of her shirt provided. She called her breasts a perfect handful. "I like to leave things to the imagination," she said with a smile.

The women chuckled as they took a few strides to the bar. 

Their IDs were checked at the door, and then they headed inside. The music was unpleasantly loud. The friends looked at each other and shared a knowing nod before heading for the patio and escaping the concussive blasts into their ear drums.

The waitress arrived several long minutes later to take their drink orders. They understood she was busy, but they knew they could run circles around her. Eventually, she returned with a greyhound for Amalea and a coconut rum and Coke for Serena.

The friends chatted. The first part of the conversation consisted of their days at work and the rude customers they had. They worked at a very family friendly themed restaurant. They made damn good money on most days, but the assholes they waited on made it almost not worth it. 

Amalea was squirted with ketchup by a bratty child. Serena got stiffed on a tab of over one-hundred dollars, an all too common occurrence amongst the wait staff.

The chat moved on to their adventures from the previous weekend. Both women met men at a bar and took them home. That was standard fare for the two.

Amalea took her time drinking, pacing herself because she had to work early. The restaurant was hell with a hangover. Serena didn't have to work tomorrow. She was quickly ahead of her friend in alcohol intake. 

Amalea mentally grimaced, knowing that she may not be able to take them home. Serena's car was a standard and Amalea did not want to make tonight her first attempt at driving one.

Serena disappeared for a few minutes to the restroom. When she returned, she had a man with her. 

Amalea quickly looked him over as they approached. He was just a few inches taller than her shorter roommate with tanned skin, dark hair and eyes. She assumed he was of Latin descent.

Serena smiled brightly as she introduced her friend. "This is Victor. We dated a couple of years back. Victor, this is my roommate and best friend, Amalea."

Amalea rose from her seat to shake his hand. She held his grip firmly. "Nice to meet you."

He leaned into her. "I'm sorry, what was your name again? I didn't quite catch it."

"Amalea," she replied with a smile as she withdrew her hand from his.

"That's beautiful," he said as he joined the ladies at the table. "I've never heard it before."

"Thank you, it's Italian. School wasn't easy sometimes. You know, usually teachers had problems pronouncing some kid's last names at the beginning of the year. It was both for me," she finished with a gentle sigh, and then sipped her drink.

Victor smiled. "As I said, it's beautiful. Fuck teachers and kids who can't pronounce names." He turned to the woman he used to date. "And of course, I love the name Serena as well."

Serena smiled with a cocktail straw between her lips.

The threesome shared lively conversation for a few hours. Victor bought the women drinks for the rest of the evening. Serena was quickly becoming inebriated. Amalea didn't try to stop her. They could take a cab if they needed to.

Victor and Serena flirted, lightly touching each other on their arms and legs. She pecked his lips a handful of times. 

Serena rose from her seat. "I'm gonna use the ladies room before we go," she said with slurred speech, and then disappeared from the table.

"She's way too drunk. There's no way she's driving home," Amalea muttered to herself. "Guess it's a cab night."

Victor overheard her almost silent thoughts. "No, she's definitely not driving. You can come to my place if you like. I'll take you back to her car in the morning so you can get home."

Amalea raised her eyes to his. "Are you sure? I don't want to be a bother. I have to open tomorrow morning, so it might be a little early for you."

"I don't mind. And I doubt Serena will either," he said with a devilish grin. 

She lightly shook her head with a chuckle. "I'm sure she won't mind one bit."

Serena went back to the table and nearly tripped over a chair on the patio. She paused for a moment of laughter before continuing her strides.

Victor easily talked her into coming back to his apartment. Then, he paid the tab and escorted the ladies to his Mercedes.

Amalea slid into the backseat and Serena in front of her. Victor drove them to his high-rise apartment in the ritzy Turtle Creek neighborhood.

"He lives here? Damn," Amalea thought as he drove into the underground parking garage of the massive building. 

Victor parked the car, and then opened both passenger side doors for the women. Serena wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned on him for support as the group walked inside. They passed by the doorman and Victor waved to him.

After an elevator ride to nearly the top floor, the doors opened up. He let the ladies into his home.

"Wow, your place is incredible," Amalea gasped, complimenting his more than humble abode. "I don't think I want to know how much your rent is."

He chuckled and rubbed his hand on Serena's upper arm. "No, you definitely don't."

"I wasn't going ask anyway, that's a bit rude," Amalea said with a smile. 

She continued looking around his massive apartment. You could easily fit four of her and Serena's places into it. The light brown walls complemented the hardwood floors. He owned a fine, luxurious leather living room set. Amalea made an approving nod as she glanced at her bed for the evening. 

Serena didn't seem too impressed. She had seen it all before, and her intoxication level caused her to glaze over the surroundings.

Victor retrieved two beers from the fridge and made Serena a glass of water. Then, he took the women to the balcony. 

Amalea gasped again as she stepped outside, admiring the perfect view of the lit up Dallas skyline. "It's amazing up here."

He handed her a Shiner Bock. "You like the scenery?" he asked with a smile and a woman hanging on to him.

"Oh yes, it's gorgeous." She took the bottle, and then leaned against the railing.

"I love this view. I knew I had to have this one," he commented, and then took a swig of his beer. "Also, my roommate at the time was dead set on this one, as well."

Serena nuzzled into his chest. She kept quiet, just holding on to him.

"He has amazing taste, as well," Amalea said with a smile, and then sipped her brew. 

"Yes he did." Victor said.

"Did?" she asked, raising a brow.

"I live with a different guy now."

"Oh," she sighed with relief. "Of course. I thought you meant he died or something."

Victor took a gulp of beer. "No, we just went separate ways. Well, he went somewhere else and I stayed here."

Amalea nodded.

Victor and Amalea continued talking about random topics as they drank their beers. Serena chimed in occasionally, but mostly stayed silent and snuggled.

"You ready to go to bed?" he asked, kissing her forehead.

"Yes please," Serena replied softly.

The threesome went back inside. Victor took Serena to his room, but promptly returned with a blanket for her friend. 

"Thanks for letting us stay here tonight," Amalea said as she took the blanket from him.

"No problem. What time do you need to be at work tomorrow?" he asked.

"Nine-thirty, so we should get back to Serena's car by eight," she replied.

"I'll set an alarm. Have sweet dreams," Victor said with a genuine smile.

"Have some hot sex." Amalea winked.

They shared a salacious grin, and then he retreated to his bedroom.

Amalea slipped out of her shoes before taking her jeans off. She pulled her arms inside of her shirt, and then brought it up to her neck so she could take off her bra. She pulled her shirt back down, and then placed her clothes in a neat pile next to the sofa. 

She found the light switch on the wall, and then turned the light off. She left the kitchen light on, dimming the main room so she wouldn't trip over anything if she had to use the restroom in the middle of the night.

Amalea returned to the couch, and then laid down wearing baby blue silk panties and a t-shirt. She pulled the blanket over her.

A few moments later she heard a very soft moan coming from Serena through the wall.

"Oh goody," Amalea whispered to herself with a wicked grin. She had heard her friend having sex several times before, and she had listened in on her as well.

She closed her eyes and focused on the gentle sounds of fucking. She lightly teased herself beneath her panties, but quickly became frustrated because they were practically silent.

"Come on, be louder," she quietly willed them.

The noise from the bed creaking wasn't enough to satisfy her. He groaned occasionally, but was as quiet as his lover.

"What's wrong with you, Serena? I know you don't scream, but damn, are you passed out and he's just fucking you?"

She continued lightly teasing herself and grew damp. But, without much help from her friend and Victor it was hard to appease her appetite for an orgasm.

"Oh well," she sighed as she withdrew her hand from between her thighs. "There's always next time," she said as she focused on her damp fingers. She brought them to her lips and sucked off her juices.

Amalea closed her eyes and to attempted sleep, though she wasn't near tired. 

She sat up and looked around for the remote to the television, but couldn't find it. Also, his set up looked like an electronics paradise. She didn't want to mess with it. She laid back down under the blanket.

About fifteen minutes later, the front door opened.

She lifted her head from the pillow to see a tall, blonde male who appeared to be in his early thirties coming inside. He locked up the door, and then went into the kitchen.

Amalea stayed silent until he noticed her. 

The roommate gave her a curious look, cocking his head slightly as he noticed the woman on the sofa. 

"Hi?" he questioned his greeting.

"Hey," Amalea replied. "Sorry, Victor is with my friend. She was drunk and couldn't take us home. He said we could stay the night here."

He gave her an understanding nod, and then disappeared into his room, closing the door behind him.

She rested her head back on the pillow. She was undeniably warm between her thighs and took several minutes to contemplate the situation.

"I can at least try," she thought. "If it goes wrong, I'll tell him I wanted some water and couldn't find the glasses in the kitchen."

Amalea peeled herself off the sofa, and lightly stepped over to the roommate's door. She knocked softly.

"Yes?" he replied from the other side.

She opened his door, and then slid inside. She closed the door behind her. 

He was reading in his bed, the light from the nightstand dimming the light in the room. She could see his bare shoulders.

His eyes went wide as Amalea cautiously walked over to his bed. 

She kept silent and her heart pounded in her throat. She was worried this could go terribly wrong and would result in her and Serena getting kicked out. 

She watched his eyes, trying to read his face. He didn't seem like he was going to say no, but she still had the worry.

He was shocked, seeing a beautiful creature nearing him wearing minimal clothing. He could see her erect nipples pressing hard against the thin fabric of her pink shirt and the taste of her stomach above her baby blue panties.

Amalea didn't say a word as she gently pulled his dark blue comforter back. She smiled inwardly when she noticed his member beginning to swell beneath his boxers. She knew that showing her glee would ruin the moment.

She gently climbed into his bed, and then mounted his lap. She took the book from his hands, and then placed the bookmark inside before closing it up. She placed the novel on the nightstand to her left.

He stared up at her with wide eyes and parted lips as he watched her move. "What are... What is..." he stuttered.

She leaned into him, pressing her concealed breasts against his chest. His hands stayed at his side as her mouth met his neck. She gently kissed his skin and lightly dragged her tongue over it. Her hips rocked softly, feeling him harden beneath her.

"What are you doing?" he moaned softly.

Amalea kissed up to his ear, and then whispered, "Nothing you don't want me to."

His eyes closed and he shivered, feeling her tongue snake along his earlobe.

"But, we don't know each other," he mumbled.

She whispered directly into his ear, "That's what makes it hot."

Her hand slid in-between them and she lifted her hips from his. She ran her palm over his confined erection. She trailed her kisses back down his neck and to his shoulder.

The stranger moaned for her and she grinned as she pressed her lips into his skin. Her pussy rapidly became soaking wet and her juices oozed into her panties. 

Amalea sat up on his lap, and then pulled her shirt off, tossing it to the floor.

He stared, in awe of her gorgeous full breasts and rigid light brown nipples. She bit her lip as a man she didn't know drank her in.

She pushed his boxers down to his thighs, and then wrapped her hand around his erection. Her fist closed, and then softly stroked him. He groaned instantly from her touch.

He seemed too terrified to move, as if doing so would cause him to wake up from this dream.

She kept her palm closed around his shaft as she lifted, and then worked her panties off of her legs. The garment fell to the floor.

Amalea settled back down on him. The neat strip of pubic hair tickled the underside of his shaft. 

She used a flat hand on the other side of his cock to press it against her slit. She gently rocked her body, looking down into his wide, icy blue eyes as her flowing fluids smeared onto his hard flesh.

"Don't be shy," she said softly, "you can touch me."

The stranger cautiously lifted his hands to her breasts. Her lush tits filled his palms and they moaned in unison.

"I don't even know your name," he said with heavy breath, carefully groping the mounds of flesh on her chest.

"Do you want to know it?" Amalea asked in a whimper as she stimulated her clitoris with his rod.

He nodded.

"My name is Amalea," she said, positioning her dripping hole over his cock.

The tip of his organ pressed against her entrance as he spoke, "I'm Jacob."

"Nice to meet you," she moaned as she lowered her hips, filling her cunt with his shaft.

"You too," he groaned deeply.

Her velvety walls fully engulfed his length, spreading like a tight glove and her heat seeped into his loins. She settled down on him, rubbing her smooth pussy lips into his pelvis as she rolled her hips, digging his rod inside of her.

"This feels good doesn't it?" she asked with a grunt, feeling him bottom out in her tunnel.

"Uh huh," he groaned. His hands squeezed her breasts. 

Amalea lifted her hips, and then filled herself completely again. She established a rhythm, bouncing on his lap. Her nectar leaked out of her, soaking into his public hair. Her curly hair danced on her shoulders and her tits jiggled in his hands.

He continued staring, still in shock. He groaned as she pleasured herself and him, grinding his cock inside of her soft, slick cunt. He had never been with a woman as wet as she was. He relished in the sensations her suckling tunnel provided him. 

Jacob kneaded her soft breasts, feeling her nipples scrape against his palms. His mouth was dry and his heart beat was rapid.

"Do you like being inside of a woman you don't know?" Amalea moaned.

She leaned forward slightly, placing her hands on his chest, bringing her face closer to his so she could look deep into his eyes.

He looked back into her hazel eyes. "Yes, yes I do," he grunted.

Amalea picked up her pace. Her hips rolled with every thrust, smearing his erection into every crevice of her hot cunt. Her ass slapped against his thighs. 

She made sure his eyes never left hers. Looking into a stranger's eyes as she fucked him heightened her arousal even more.

"Are you glad I came in here?" she asked.

"Very much so," Jacob panted. "Pinch me so I know this is real. I can't believe this is happening."

Amalea giggled, and then pinched both of his nipples as hard as she could. 

He yelped and she let up on the pinch. 

She continued to caress his nipples. "I'm very much real, and very much here."

"You're incredible." Jacob squeezed the flesh in his hands, and then rolled her nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He loved how she did all of the work to bring them both pleasure.

"That's because I'm a slut. I'm a filthy, nasty slut," she groaned. She began slamming her body onto his as hard as she could.

"Your pussy is so tight," he gasped, tugging on her nipples. "You're so wet, it's like you're leaking."

"I am leaking. I'm leaking for your thick cock and you feel so good inside of me," she howled

Her sloppy cunt squelched as she pounded him, roughly cramming his cock inside of her. Strands of her mane stuck to her sweaty face. 
