 Every year I take a trip up the coast in early summer. I use this time for rest, recreation, and renewal by the sea. If I am in a relationship I will bring my partner, sometimes I am accompanied by a buddy or fuck-buddy.

This year the drive up was uneventful. I stopped at a couple of small wineries along the way, made some purchases and had them shipped home. For lunch I stopped at a gas station/deli/general store. By nightfall I had arrived at my destination and settled in.

After a quick dinner I went by the small gym at the resort to work out and use the hot tub. When I entered there was only one guest, using a Stairmaster. He looked to be about eighteen, with dark blonde hair. His torn tee shirt and jean shorts hung fairly loose on his skinny frame.

He looked up at me as I entered and we exchanged smiles. I started up a treadmill next to him and started running. “Hello,” I said to him, breaking the ice.

“Hey. I’m Josh.”

“I’m Joe, nice to meet you.”

We kept up our workouts, each of us upping the setting on our machines as if in a silent competition. Through conversation I learned that he was 18, had just graduated high school and was going to be going to my old university. He was staying here with his parents and twin sister as a last family vacation before he and his sister left home for school.

After about thirty minutes we powered down our machines. Each of us was covered in sweat and I joked that we smelled like a barnyard.

“Let’s grab a shower,” I suggested. He nodded and we headed out. As I walked behind him I took note of his tight, muscular little ass. I couldn’t wait to shower with this young stud, knowing from past visits that the gym had a large communal shower.

We got into the locker room and started peeling off our clothes. Without inhibition I took off my shirt, shorts and jockstrap, but I could tell Josh was a little shy. When he got down to his jock, he turned away from me and removed it.

We each grabbed a towel and went in. Once we had the water going he seemed to open up a bit and I got my first look at him. Like a Greek statue his body was hairless except for a sparse bush of dark blonde pubes. He had tiny pink nipples and hard, young muscles. I didn’t want to spook him so I limited myself to quick glances.

Not wanting to miss an opportunity, I stretched my back and, in the process, thrust my own cock in his direction. I could tell he was transfixed by my man-meat, and I made a big show of soaping my cock. 

“Josh, I can’t reach my back. Would you mind washing it for me?”

He grabbed the soap and started rubbing it on my back. Between his soft hands and the soap it created an incredible feeling. In slow circles he rubbed, loosening my muscles and making me relax.

“My chest is dirty, would you mind?” With that I turned around and faced him. By now his penis was coming to life, and what a sight! It was long and thin, probably about seven inches and peeked out from that beautiful bush of dark blonde. I looked up at him, now certain of what was going to happen.

I took one of his hands from my chest and placed it on my now turgid member. He grasped it without having to be told, animal instinct now ruling the day, and gently stroked it. Our eyes met, locked together with lust and desire.

He now made a bold move and took my hand and placed it on his cock and I returned the favor by stroking his hard, young meat. We built up a rhythm, jerking each other off like it was the most normal thing in the world. I moved my head toward his and gently kissed this young man. He responded tentatively, but soon our tongues were rubbing against each other.

I broke the kiss and put my hands on his shoulders, guiding him to his knees. He looked up at me, quizzically, and I just nodded. He continued stroking my cock, looking it over, impressed when it reached its full, fat nine inches. At first he just licked it a couple of times, then started running his tongue down its length. Gently he took each of my balls in his mouth and sucked on it.

I took one hand and put it behind his head, and with the other put my shaft in his mouth. I never expected anyone to get the full nine inches down their throat, so I fisted my cock about four inches down from the head. Soon he was sucking my cock like he’d been doing it from birth. I guided one of his hands to rub my balls and the other to finger my asshole, all the while his mouth worked on my cock.

He started moaning as he took my manhood and, before long, his efforts were rewarded when I shot a huge load of semen into his willing throat. The first stream grossed him out a bit so he backed off and let it drip onto his face and chest.

“You did pretty good, my little man. Pretty damn good.”

“Thanks. That was fun.”

“First time?”

“Yeah. With a guy, I mean.”

I wiped my sperm from his face and took him in my arms. “I don’t want this night to end yet. Will you come back to my cottage?”

He glanced at his watch. “Sure, but my parents are expecting me back by ten.”

I looked at my own timepiece. “Two hours? That’s perfect!”

*  *  *  *  *

We took a back path through the resort, as he seemed nervous to be spotted with me. I played along but, in some of the darker spots, I would rub his crotch or grab his ass. 

Once inside the door I took him roughly and kissed him hard. He responded with equal passion and, shedding clothes along the way, we made it to the bedroom. I reached into my bag and pulled out condoms and lube.

“Josh, I really want to fuck that beautiful ass of yours. Are you game?”

He looked like a doe caught in headlights. He glanced down at my stiff penis with a little fear, just like many others had, wondering if my pole would fit in their bodily orifices.

“Don’t worry. I’ve done this a lot. I’ll go nice and slow until you get used to it.”

He nodded. In order to warm him up I took his cock in my mouth. He laid back and enjoyed the blowjob, moaning as I brought him close to spurting several times, backing off just before cumming. I started rubbing his bunghole, lightly stimulating that sensitive area.

After getting him riled I turned him over on his stomach and grabbed a rubber. I handed it to him and he unrolled it down the length of my cock. I took the tube of lube and put a generous amount on the condom, the slowly worked a slimy finger into his rectum. He tensed at the intrusion, but slowly began to relax and go for it.

Without warning I brought my steely member to his opening and slowly started to push it in. After a couple of minutes of inserting and withdrawing the head, I started to push more and more of my cock into his back passage. After about twenty minutes of this easy in-and-out, I had planted all nine inches of my manhood into him.

I leaned over and put my mouth to his ear. “Now Josh, get ready to be fucked for real.”

Like a clap of lightning I thrust myself into him, taking his breath away. With quick hard strokes I reamed his tight little boy-pussy, eliciting all sorts of noises from the young man, from moans of pain to grunts of pleasure. My balls slammed into his as both our sacks swayed with our combined motion.

I started and stopped, going fast and slow, varying my tempo. His virgin ass gripped my cock like a vise, and I didn’t want to shoot too quickly. Before long Josh was moving his ass back to meet my thrusts, trying to coax the semen from my body.

I reached around and grabbed his cock, which was fully erect. With quick strokes I brought him to the orgasm I had denied him earlier. He shot a huge, youthful load all over the bed.

“You like this, Josh? You like getting fucked up the ass by my big dick?

“Yes!” He cried out.

“I love fucking your ass. Thanks for letting me be the first.”

With that I started pounding again, taking my cock all the way out and shoving it back in. I built up speed as I felt the sperm boiling up from by balls. 

“I’m gonna cum! Oh God!”

“Do it!” He shouted.

“AAAHHHH! It’s happening!” I shot that latex cover full of my juice. When my orgasm subsided I withdrew, pulled the condom off and threw it away. I grabbed a cigarette and lit it, offering them to him. Josh took one, but I could tell he didn’t usually smoke.

“Damn,” he said. “That was too much.”

“Glad you liked it. How does it compare to fucking girls?”

“It’s different, I’ll say that.”

“That it is. You fuck a lot of girls?”

“Not really. A few.”

“How old were you the first time?”

“Sixteen. Class slut. If you don’t mind me asking, do you fuck girls?”

I smiled. “All the time.”

“But…what about…”

“Fucking guys? I like that too. Depends on my mood.”

I put out my cigarette and handed him the ashtray. With my now free hand I started stroking his cock.

“Such a nice young cock. You really are a hot guy.”

“Thanks Joe. You aren’t exactly ugly yourself.”

I had to kiss him for that. A gentle, romantic kiss. His hand found its way to my cock, then my balls, and finally my ass.

“Joe?”

“Yeah, Josh?”

“Could I fuck your ass now?”

“Sure. You ever fuck a girl in the ass?”

He shook his head.

“Well, I’m used to it so don’t worry too much.” I handed him a condom and the lube and watched his hands shake as he put it on. I lubed up his cock and my own asshole.

“Josh, lay down on your back. I’m going to ride you.” He obeyed and I then squatted over him. With my right hand I guided his cock to my opening and slowly sat back, letting it penetrate me.

“Feels…so…good..”

“Yeah, it sure does.” Slowly I bounced up and down on his rod, just like riding a horse. I tried to take it slow, since I figured, being a young inexperienced guy he was probably prone to the quick draw. I changed my angle as I rode, giving our joined bodies different stimulations, my own dick back to full-staff.

“Rub my cock, Josh. Jack me off while you fuck me.” I slowed down so he could keep his grip, slowly stroking my hardness. This young stud was driving me wild, turning me on even more was the fact that I was responsible for so many firsts in his young life.

When he started thrusting upwards, I knew he was getting close so I hopped off of him and lay down so he could fuck me missionary style. He flipped over and reinserted his penis in me as if his life depended on it.

“Pound me hard, Josh. Don’t be afraid.” He took no urging and he thrust himself in and out with wild abandon. I reached up and rubbed his balls as best I could. Within two minutes he started grunting loudly and emptying himself into the rubber sheath. He collapsed onto and I could feel his cock start to deflate and slip out of me. I stroked his head as he rested it on my shoulder, my tired young stallion.

“How did you like that, tiger?”

“Fantastic,” he said, out of breath.

I glanced at the clock and it read 9:20. You gotta get going, kid. Let’s get cleaned up first. I lead him into the bathroom and we took a shower, all the while rubbing each other. After we were clean we got dressed and shared a final kiss.

“I’m gonna grab a late dinner, so I can walk part of the way with you.”

We went up the path to the main lodge, not quite together. He said goodbye and thanks when he spotted his family waiting for him.

And what a beautiful family it was!

His parents looked very young for having two eighteen year-old children. The father was well over six-feet, with black hair and no signed of gray. Like Josh, he was muscular but not stocky, as if he played world-class tennis daily.

Mom was gorgeous, and it was easy to see how she had pumped out two such beautiful creatures. About five-and-a-half feet tall, also muscular, very sexy if small tits and ass. Her blonde hair and bronzed skin said California beach goddess, but not to such excess that the skin looked like leather.

Josh’s sister was beyond gorgeous. A slightly larger version of her mother except in one respect.

She had tits that defied gravity. Both of the mother’s times two would barely make as much breast mass as one of Josh’s twin sister’s boobs.

They looked like such a wonderful, happy family. 

I’d just spent three hours sodomizing and otherwise violating the son, showing him things he never knew he wanted but had accepted nonetheless.

I had to have them all.

*  *  *  *  *

Since I come to this resort so much, it was easy to get the staff to tell me all I needed to know about Josh and his family. They were the Baltons, Robert, Susan, Josh, and Jamie. He was a doctor, she an accountant and they lived in a town not twenty minutes from my own home. They were staying three cottages away from mine and would be there for another two weeks. The parents played golf daily, the daughter was a tennis player and Josh was a runner. 

I took what information I had and planned my seduction and corruption of this family with care. I decided to work on mom next, then dad, and leave young Jamie for dessert. Something about the way they looked told me sexual adventurism was not a foreign concept. I made side bets with myself over difficulty and proclivity of each of them.

Again consulting my staff contacts, I learned that dad was taking the kids to the next town for some lunch and shopping while mom stayed behind and got a full beauty treatment. I bribed the masseuse to let me take his place, and decided that would be my angle.

I was a grandmaster of the erotic massage.

Susan came in wearing only a towel. I smiled and pointed to the table. While I got out the oil she lay down. I pulled the towel down and got to work.

I started with lavender oil and worked the muscles of her shoulders, then traced her spine to her lower back. Her ass welled under the towel, which I gently moved aside. She moaned softly as I worked her muscles, nearly falling asleep as I worked.

I moved up to her ribcage, noting her small breasts mashed into the table. Slowly I moved my hands lower with each stroke until my fingers made contact with her breasts. Since she didn’t stir at the intrusion, I got bolder until I was practically tweaking her nipples.

I gently turned her over and began working on her feet. Her body was incredible for a woman in her early forties, no sign of childbearing or age apparent to me. 

Working my way up her legs I took note of her sparse bush of soft blonde hair. Thin pubic hair must be a family trait, remembering Josh. Below I saw the pussy lips where my newest love and passed through eighteen years before.

In order to work her inner thighs I parted her legs, which she did willingly. My strong hands gripped her muscles, first the calves, then thighs. My hands were inches from her holy-of-holies when I made my move.

Trying to make it look accidentally, I quickly brushed my fingers on her clitoris. Her hips arched suddenly, reacting to the unexpected stimulation. Our eyes met, and I saw no anger, so I lowered my face to her exposed genitals. She placed her hands on my head as I began my oral assault on her pussy.

Susan squirmed as I used my tongue on her sex. I alternated between her clit and those beautiful lips, using slow and fast lapping speeds. My efforts were rewarded with a hard orgasm from her, as she thrust her pelvis into my face.

I stood up and brought my lips, covered in her juices, to her mouth and kissed her hard. Her tongue came out like a snake as I moved my hand to her breast, paying extra attention to her nipple. She reached down to my shorts and found my very erect cock waiting for her. Without missing a beat I brought the head to her opening and, with one thrust, went balls deep into her dripping hole.

“Fuck me, you bastard. Fuck me hard!”

“Yes, ma’am!”

I held nothing back, giving her the deep-dicking of her life. She wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling me into her and fucking back like a drunken sorority girl. My balls slapped against her ass as I drove myself into her with great gusto.

“Do you like fucking the help?”

“Yes, you bastard. Give me that cock!”

“What would hubby think, hearing you talk like that?”

“He’d probably get off on it.”

I leaned down and sucked in one of her nipples, slowing down the pace a bit. The added feeling sent her over the edge to another orgasm, making her grunt with pleasure.

Looking down I got turned on by the sight of my huge cock splitting her tiny little pussy. My thick, black pubic hair mingling with her sparse blonde curls was a beautiful sight. 

The sperm started boiling in my balls, so I slowed down a little more. I brought my fingers to her clit, wanting to bring her off one more time. It didn’t take long before she screamed out with another climax.

“Cum inside me! Fill me with your sperm!”

Not one to let a lady down, I started driving my cock into her even harder. My orgasm came hard, and I filled her little pussy with my cream.

Once I had stopped cumming she slid out from under me and took my cock in her mouth. With tongue and mouth she cleaned our combined juices off of me, clearly loving the taste.

“That was hot,” she told me.

“Thank you, ma’am.”

“Almost as good as my husband.”

“If you don’t mind me asking, if he’s so good why’d you fuck me?”

She laughed. “Variety is the spice of life. He has his flings, I have mine.”

I nodded. I felt my cock start to stir. “Got time for one more?”

“Well, I did pay for an hour and I believe in value.” With that she took my cock in her hand and started licking the head, stroking the shaft as she went. She chowed down on me like she hadn’t eaten in a week, a real master at cocksucking. I ran my fingers through her hair.

“Turn over,” I instructed. She lay down on the massage table as I grabbed some of the oil. I rubbed some on my cock and worked some into her tight little bung. Her ass was tight, just like her son’s.

“Okay Susan, I’m going to fuck your ass now.” Before she could protest or approve I slid all nine inches of cock into her butt. I held nothing back as I pounded her, sliding my man meat in and out of her back passage. She clenched her muscles, squeezing me hard as I thrust.

“You like that, don’t you?” I asked, taunting her. 

“Yeah,” she gasped.

“Bet your husband doesn’t give you this much cock, huh?”

“No, baby.”

I could feel the sperm boiling up from my testicles, so I slowed down the pace a bit. I reached around and started a manual assault on her clit. Her sparse bush tickled by fingers as I rubbed her joy button.

“Fuck!” she cried out. “You’re making me come!” Her sphincter clamped down on my cock as her body reeled with pleasure. The juices literally spilled from her excited pussy as I kept up the pressure.

I began pounding again just as she reached her peak, her hips thrusting up to meet me. I waited for one more wave of orgasm to hit her before I emptied my man cream into her bowels.

I pulled out of her and collapsed onto the floor, fully spent. Susan didn’t move from the massage table, her breathing quick and steady, recovering from our bout. I offered her a cigarette and lit one for myself.

“That was incredible, Joe. Thank you.”

“Anytime, ma’am.”

“I’ve never seen you around before. Did you just start?”

“You could say that. You know, I hope you’re on the pill or something. I have been known to be quite potent.”

She smiled. “You like to knock up the old ladies, Joe?”

I laughed. “Just a side effect, you might say.”

“Well, don’t worry. My baby-making days are over.” With that she gave me a kiss, grabbed her things, and left.

Two down. Two to go.

*  *  *  *  *

Dad was going to be the toughest nut to crack. I watched him over a couple of days and I didn’t see much of an opening. He didn’t linger in the showers checking out the other guys cocks or anything. But he would be sucking my cock nonetheless.

I noticed that he liked to drink, so I made that my plan of attack. He went to the lounge every night for a couple of drinks, and I set about being there too. On the second night, I struck up a conversation with him and, as the drinks flowed, he gradually started opening up to me.
