 18 year old Dani discovers a phone with sexting photos on it.

*****

Dani lay on her bed palming the phone she had found. She had trouble believing that anyone careless to leave their phone at a food court table in the mall would also not have the device password protected. But then again, maybe that's exactly the kind of person this was. As she thumbed through the contact list trying to locate the owner, she also reflected that maybe the person wanted to be sure that the phone could be returned if a honest person ever found it.

Realizing that she would have better luck looking at the text messages first, she thumbed the icon and then started looking at some of the texts. Attached to two messages were pictures of a very fit man naked from the neck down. In one of the pictures, the man was fully erect; large and thick. Dani turned the camera to the side and began looking at the picture more intently. He was probably between seven and eight inches long and thicker than any man she had seen.

She began to through more of the texts but couldn't find anything else of interest or any clue of who the phone belonged to. She returned to the sexting photo again and touched herself under her skirt. 

"If I wanted to return this phone before, I really want to meet the owner even more now," she joked in her own mind.

She picked up her own phone and called Tracy, her former babysitter and sometimes mentor. Even though they were four years apart in ages, they had managed to maintain a close relationship. Tracy was now a junior in college and Dani would be a freshman next year at the same school.

"Hello?" came the response at the other end. 

Dani replied, "Don't you ever check the caller ID? It is me Dani. Do you have a minute?"

Tracy was sitting at her desk finishing up some homework. "Yeah, sure. How have you been?"

"What's the biggest guy you ever had?" Dani blurted out, wanting to get right to the point.

"Do you mean like in weight?" Tracy inquired taken aback.

"No, like in bed. The biggest guy you ever slept with."

Tracy scowled and then replied in a bitter voice. "You know Brian is the only guy I have ever had and we are still together. I would be better to ask you that question Dani. You have had...what? Three guys since you were 16?"

Dani knew that Tracy was trying to scorn her, but blew it off. "OK, right. So how big is Brian?"

She heard an exasperated sigh at the other end. "He's average, I guess. Probably six inches. I never bothered to measure. Why are we talking about this?" Tracy demanded.

Dani explained how she came to find the phone at the mall and of the amazing picture she had found. Tracy said, "Send the picture to me, then I can tell you the phone number associated with it. You should be able to punch that in the contact list and hopefully the owner's name will show up."

"Oh yeah, why didn't I think of that?" exclaimed Dani.

"Because you are more fascinated with this guy's big cock than returning his phone is my guess," said Tracy as Dani began to forward the text picture. 

It occurred to Dani that she hadn't checked the phone's gallery section yet and she began to do so, hoping to find another gem when Tracy spoke up again. "Yeah, he's huge. Much bigger than Brian." Tracy read off the phone number and Dani wrote it down. "Are you going to call him?"

"It is the least I can do, right?" Dani replied sweetly. She didn't find any more pictures.

"I am guessing you have a lot more planned that that, Dani. Whatever you do, be careful." Tracy warned and then concluded, "And call me with the details afterward."

Dani laughed and hung up then returned her attention back to the missing phone. She turned on the contact list and began punching in the numbers. Sure enough, there was the owner; Thomas Tank. But there was no other phone number, only an email. She clicked on the email address and began to compose a message: "Hi Thomas, I found your phone at the mall. Give me a call on your number and let's talk about getting this back to you. Dani."

Satisfied with her good deed, she went back to the picture and then rolled over onto her stomach. She sandwiched her hand between her legs and began to gyrate her hips, mashing her clit between with her panties and finger tips. She wiggled her legs and stared into the phone screen, fantasizing about having sex with this endowed stranger until she climaxed, then rolled over again and set the phone aside before smelling her fingers. After a minute, she sat up and went to the bathroom to wash her hands and get ready for dinner.

Later that evening, as she sat in her room, Thomas' phone rang, and it startled her. She quickly grabbed the phone and nearly whispered, "Hello?" 

"Hey, uh, is this Dani? I got an email saying I should call." said the voice.

"Yes, hi! Are you Thomas?"

"Yes, right. Man, I am glad you sent me that message. I just thought I had left my phone in my car." Thomas exhaled in a relieved manner.

Dani smiled to herself thinking he must not be using the phone enough to notice. Maybe he is unattached, she hoped. "So how would you like to meet? If you give me your address, maybe I can come over soon and hand it off to you."

"Uh, sure, I guess. Um, are you free tomorrow, on Saturday?"

Dani's heart fluttered. Telling her parents she would be going out in the afternoon wouldn't be questioned. "Oh yes, definitely. That wouldn't be a problem at all."

Thomas provided the address and said that around three o'clock would be good. She smiled and promised to be on time. The rest of the evening was spent picking out something special and texting Tracy about her conversation with Thomas.

The next day, Dani put on a very nice fitting pair of jeans and a black mid-riff shirt that had no collar or shoulders and concealed it with a black cover-up so as not to draw the attention of her parents. Her long red hair glowed against the dark fabric and she spent a little time curling the ends to give her normally straight hair a little bounce. A little purple eye makeup and matching purple bangles on her wrists and very dark mascara completed the transformation. She didn't look 18 anymore, even though her bust line was small. She modeled for herself in the mirror and then decided to add a push up bra to further the seductive effect.

Dani hollered out to her mom as she walked out the door, saying she was going out and started up her Escort ZX2. She smiled at herself as she looked into the mirror and backed out of the drive. Fifteen minutes later, she was parking in front the townhouse that belonged to Thomas. She parted and then pushed her legs together in anticipation before stepping out of the car and approaching the door. She fumbled with her clutch purse with the phone inside as she waited for the door to open.

Thomas opened the door wearing basketball shorts and a tank top. She recognized his muscular chest underneath the tight fitting shirt but quickly shifted her gaze into his eyes. "Hi" she said warmly as she extended her hand. "I am Dani."

Thomas thrust his hand out quickly and shook her hand and at the same time pulled her gently across the threshold. "Dani, I can't tell you how relieved I am that you found that. Do you know how many times I have had to replace that already?"

Dani suppressed a snicker as she thought about how many sexting photos he might have also lost. "Well, you are lucky I am an honest person, I guess." She stood in his hallway and looked around. The decorating lacked a female's touch and that relieved her.

He started to walk away. "You, uh, want to have a drink or something? Unless you need to be going?" he asked as he turned the corner into the kitchen.

Dani had no intention of leaving yet. "Yes, whatever you have is fine" She sauntered down the hallway to join Thomas in the kitchen. He was filling two cups with ice from the automatic ice maker. "Do you live here alone?"

"Uh, yeah, yeah I do. How about you?" he answered as he poured 7 Up into the two glasses. 

Dani smiled weakly and lied, "I live on campus." Thomas handed her the soda and picked up his phone and began thumbing through the apps and call logs. Dani watched him as she sipped her drink, admiring again how his broad chest filled out his shirt when Thomas chuckled.

"Who did you send this message to, Dani?" he said with a curious smile. Dani nearly choked.

"I was trying to see if my friend might have recognized you." she stammered and then realizing how stupid that sounded.

Thomas laughed. "From the waist down? This is embarrassing. I hope you didn't do anything else with that picture, Dani. That wasn't very nice." His toned changed slightly and he was somewhat scowling at her.

Dani was beet red. "Oh my gosh, I am so sorry. I am the one who should be embarrassed! Thomas...I am really sorry." 

Thomas's lips curled slightly at the edges. "Was it another girl? You aren't going to post that online are you, cause that would piss me off."

"Shit!" thought Dani, "Why didn't I delete that message?" "No, no, I just, uh, just wanted to show that off to my friend. It is, uh, impressive" she meekly trailed off the last sentence.

Thomas sized up the girl again before speaking again. "You think so, huh?"

Trying to take the attention off of the message itself, she spoke more excitedly. "Oh yeah, definitely so. I mean, whoever you sent that to, must have thought so too, right?"

He put the phone down and took a deep drink of the 7-Up. An awkward pause followed. "You want to go upstairs?"

Dani couldn't believe it, this was going to be easier than she had hoped. "Yeah...you going to show it to me?" 

Thomas was walking around the bar now and was waiting for her to get down from the bar stool. "Sure, if that's all you want." He led the way upstairs to the bedroom at the top of the stairs and opened the door. The room was a large master with an attached master bathroom and a closet that bordered against the wall with the door. The queen sized poster bed was neatly made with ornate pillows. Dani entered and cautiously surveyed the room as Thomas quietly closed the door. "Feel free to sit on the bed, it is comfortable." Dani did so and placed her hands on the comforter and rubbed the fabric.

She looked up from the bed and started to remark about the decorating but stopped. Thomas was removing his shirt and then began to push down his basketball shorts. His penis stood upright in his briefs and his tip was visibly prying his waistband away from his body. Dani could feel her heart in her throat and wanted nothing more than to shove it back into place with the help of his big cock.

Thomas confidently strode over the where she was sitting and reached for her right arm, holding the arm with one hand and her hand with his other. "If you really want to see it, here is your chance." He moved her hand over the outline in his underwear and held it there for a second, then brushed her fingertips along the outline before releasing her to move as she pleased.

Although Dani wasn't new to this situation or what she knew, no, wanted to happen, she stared at the inviting man meat with some trepidation. This was by far the biggest dick she had ever experienced first hand and this was still a guy she didn't even know. But every girl has a one night stand once in her life, right? she rationalized as she pulled down at the waist band and watched the python spring forth. Geesh! It was certainly closer to eight inches than seven, maybe eight and a half. She moved her hands around to his hips and began pushing the underwear from off of his hips and ass. He lifted his legs as the briefs reached his ankles and stepped out of them. She leaned forward and cupped his balls with one hand and took hold at the base of the shaft with the other. She opened her mouth wide and invited the member in.

Without any hesitation now, she began working over the cock with her mouth and hand. Oh god, how big and strong it felt. Her panties were getting moist just thinking about how this would feel inside her. The rocking of her head caused her hair to move in time around her face and she found herself pausing to push it back or shake it away from her eyes and cheeks. 

"Let me help with that, baby" Thomas said and he gripped the hair together at the base of her skull like a makeshift ponytail. He tilted his head to the side to watch her work diligently. "Yeah, that's real good, oooooo." he hissed. Soon though, he began rocking his hips slightly and she could feel his grip tightening on her hair. She knew what that meant, he was now taking control and wasn't getting a blow job. He was fucking her face. And so, more of him was going deeper into her mouth and throat and that was making things sloppy. Drool was now gathering at the corners of her mouth and her throat was convulsing some as the gag reflex began to kick in. She coughed and wheezed as she pushed herself off the impaler.

"Sorry about that, I got a little carried away, didn't I? Hey, let's try to make this a little easier and enjoyable for both of us." Thomas raised her to her feet as she finished wiping her mouth off against her arm, then lifted her shirt up and over her head. She complacently lifted her arms. As the garment cleared her face, he leaned in and gave her a kiss, putting his hands on the back pockets of her jeans and pulling her next to him. She could feel his hot and saliva covered cock against her exposed stomach. "Lie on your back, facing me." He whispered and stroked her face.

Dani wasn't sure what was happening and sat on the bed again. Thomas picked her feet up from the floor and turned her to the side as he lifted them onto the bed. "Get all the way around and lie back, let your head fall off the bed" he said. She was now looking at him upside down. He had stepped back and had his penis in hand, approaching her. "This will stop the gagging." He pushed his tip past her lips and into her mouth again. He could see her throat expand as his cock went deep into it. "Oh yeah, just like that." he encouraged her.

Dani was stunned. "So this is how you deep throat a guy this big" she surmised. Thomas began fucking her mouth and throat, pulling all of the way out so that she could breath and then pushing nearly all the way back in. She could feel his pubic hair tickling her nose. Thomas had bent over slightly and was now massaging her breasts through her padded bra.

"I love small breasted women, Dani" he spoke to her reassuringly as he flipped up her cups to reveal her aroused nipples. He tweaked and twisted each one carefully then massaged the small mounds around them again. His hands felt as large and equally strong as his cock. The action also aroused him and Dani could feel his cock flexing in her mouth. She wondered if she could drown if he were to come like this . But that isn't what Thomas had in mind at all. He hands moved down to her jeans and were now working on the button and zipper. Once they were unfastened, Thomas pulled away from her and went around the bed to finish removing her sneakers and pants.

He didn't say anything, but pulled the pants off from under her butt and down her thighs. The action started the removal of her panties as well and Dani lifted her hips and started to remove those as well, but Thomas took them from her at the knees and finished the job. Then, placing his hands under her knees, he pulled her across the bed closer to him and raised her legs up against his shoulders, her butt was hanging just a few inches off of the bed. He used one hand to guide his dick between her legs and the other hand was combing through her red bush, looking for her clit. "God, I love natural red heads. You are blessed, you know that, Dani?" She giggled nervously as she looked at his massive cock head sliding over and around her slit, then removed her ponytail holder and let her hair down for more comfort.

"I...I want you to fuck me, just...take it a little slow, ok? That can't be the first time you have heard that, am I right?" she asked apprehensively. 

He was now thumbing around the little hot button of her clit. "I am way ahead of you baby, don't worry, you are going to like this." He began to slide his thumb around the area and then down the moistened and now opening slit of her vagina. Soon he had parted the petals that held the prized pussy closed and was moving and massaging his digit inside her. 

"Oh yes, yes" she said softly and closed her eyes.

Thomas softly swirled his thumb until she was thoroughly moistened. He moved his hand under her butt and lifted her slightly to his massive cock, then leaned forward and pierced her opening womanhood with it. Dani winced initially, but she was so into it that the pain subsided quickly. Thomas , still on his knees, gently pulled at her while thrusting his own hips forward slightly. "I love looking at all of you when we fuck," he said. She opened her eyes and watched him drink her in with his eyes. In her mind, he appeared like a god towering over her and she was the sacrifice to him, pleasing to his eyes.

Each thrust pushed a little deeper than before and soon she could feel him deeper than any boy she had ever been with. The sensation was different too, as if he had discovered something new she had never felt before. Her lips parted and a sound escaped that nearly embarrassed her. 

The expressions and sounds she made pleased Thomas, and he wanted more of it. He pushed a little deeper and stronger than before. "Yeah, is it like you imagined, Dani?" he asked, watching her writhe around below him.

"Better." she smiled.

Thomas let her legs drop to the bed and leaned down to kiss her. His hands moved to her wrists and pushed them above her head as he kissed her gently and then stopped to watch her as he suddenly fucked her faster. Her eyes opened wide and she moaned. It was a bit frightening, as if she were being forcibly taken, but when Thomas kissed her again, the pleasure returned greater than before. She arched her head backwards and groaned as he filled her with himself and sensations not felt before.

The deep fucking continued until she finally came, gritting her teeth tightly then exhaling all of the air and emotion that was inside her. The pleasure was so intense that she had to push him away as the orgasm peaked. Thomas pushed off and watched her quiver, then kissed her pert nipples again as the wave subsided. His cock's dark purple head leaked slightly over her red bush.

He stood up and reached into a nightstand and pulled out a chain of connected condoms, removing one of the links and then tearing the package open, he rolled the magnum sized prophylactic over his member and then stood towards the back of the bed. He gently slapped at her hip, indicating his desire to have her roll over. She flipped her head and her body followed, and then tucked her knees, raising her hind end up. She reached for a pillow, then rested her arms on it, tossing her long red hair to the side and looking back at Thomas. 

He pinched her ass cheek and she yelped. "Get those knees apart, Dani, then brace yourself real well. This is going to get a little rough." She curled her lower lip into her mouth and did as he told her. He placed is right hand on her stomach and used his left hand to handle his love stick into her gaping gash. He was no longer gentle about it, pushing in all the way and then thrusting hard immediately.

"Ohhh, ohhhh, ohhhhhh!" she cried out with each penetration. Thomas gripped her firmly around her bosoms with both hands, and slapped her buttocks repeatedly with his thighs as he rapidly fucked her. It didn't take long for him to issue into the condom. 

"Damn that is a nice, tight pussy, Dani," he said as he rolled onto his back next to her. "I think I might like to tap that again sometime."

Dani collapsed on the bed atop the pillow, her hair cascading into her face. She brought her thumb to her mouth and gently bit into her nail. She thought she might like that too, but didn't say so. Instead she coyly replied, "We will just have to wait and see, won't we?" Her hand moved across his stomach and down to the base of his still plump cock. She squeezed him near the bottom of the condom gently pushing out any remaining seminal fluid inside. Thomas pushed the hair up out of her eyes and then kissed her forehead before rising up to go remove the condom and flush it away. Dani took the opportunity to get dressed quickly. She was grateful she didn't need to clean up, although she suddenly felt a little dirty. It was then that she noticed the little bit of his cum seeping from her hair into the front of her panties.
