 Mom and Dad were high school sweethearts and got married right out of school. A year later I was born. Mom has always been a shy rather uptight woman, or that is the way I saw her. When I was 18 (and mom 37) dad was killed in an auto accident. She took it real hard. I moved back in from college to help take care of the house and her.

Late at night I would hear mom moaning and crying and it would break my heart. I knew what she needed was to get out and meet people. Maybe even start another relationship.

So I started to be a match maker for my own up tight conservative dressed and meek mother. Not exactly the material to get a man interested, but I sat down with her one morning after hearing those sad moans again.

"Mom, you have to get out and meet people. You can't stay around the house all the time."

"I'm all right. It's just...."

"I know you miss dad."

"Ohhhh, you don't know how much. I think of him late at night."

"Yea, I know. I hear you crying and moaning sometimes late at night."

She suddenly blushed and looked down, her long black hair that is usually in some sort of bun falls across her shoulders and breast. For some reason I took note of her breast and realized how well ..... stacked she was. For a few seconds the conversation ended and then she looked up.

"You heard me? I'm so sorry. I ..... well a woman...."

"It's okay mom I know you still cry over dad."

"Cry? Yes. I do."

"Now back to what I was saying. Look I know a couple of nice guys at the place I work and one of them, Jack was asking about you. You remember him?"

Her eyes seem to look off into the distance before she answered. "He's the tall light haired guy that works in the office?"

"Yes. Not that I would know of course (and I give a little laugh) but he is pretty good looking, makes a good living and I think he might enjoy meeting you."

"Oh, I couldn't. I mean...."

"Yes you could. I'll set it up. You just go out and buy a pretty dress and get your hair done and let your little boy take care of setting up his lovely mom."

This got a smile on her and for the first tie in a long time I could see the beautiful woman that made dad so happy.

It was a little awkward, but once I got the subject open Jack smiled and said he would be happy to take my mom out to dinner and I gave him our phone number. I mean I wasn't going to do all the work.

Two days later mom was walking on air when I came home from class. "Well what's got into you?"

"Nothing ye..... Nothing. Jack called and we are going out tomorrow night for dinner. You got to see the dress I just bought. Wait here and I'll go put it on.

I fixed me some coffee and sat down and turned the TV on in the living room when she came in to the room. It wasn't the same woman. Her hair was down to her shoulders, flowing over her bare shoulders. The dress was a little, well little to me since I've never seen her in anything like that before. Blue, with thin straps and it hugged her waist and flared out and came just above her knees. Dark stocking covered her lovely legs. Did I say lovely? Yea, mom's got legs. Her shoes were matching and showed her cute feet. Was I getting a thing for feet? I gave a wolf whistle and said "Lady, you are hot."

"Why thank you sir. You aren't bad yourself." Then she turned around in it and when facing me again, put her hand on her hip and gave a little wiggle as she walked across the room. "Do you really think this is OK? I mean I haven't worn anything like this in a long time. You don't think he will...well think I'm...you know?"

"Think you are one beautiful woman? I think he will or I'll have his head examined. Where is he taking you?"

"To St. Marie's. It's really a lovely place, good food, dancing."

"Maybe I better have a little talk with him about not getting fresh and having you home on time."

"Yes and maybe I'll have your head examined after I hit it with a frying pan. Don't wait up for you mom."

The next night I had late classes so it was a night off work. I had told mom I was going out also and most likely see her in the morning and we can exchange notes on our dates. But as it turned out, my girl friend had to cancel as her mom was feeling well so I just had a little phone sex with her that night. I was laying in my bed on my back, a picture of my girl at the beach with out her top, one hand moving up and down my shaft while I held the phone to my ear with the other. I was horny as hell and I could hear her moaning. It wouldn't take long for the two of us to get off when I heard the down stairs door open with a bang. I told my girl I would call her back.

Still in just my boxers, my cock semi hard I stole down the hall way to the stairs and slowly made my way down. I saw a light in the living room. I made it part way when I heard my mom's voice. At first I felt a sigh of relieve and started to call out when I realized what she was saying.

"Ohhh Jack. I've had nothing but my fingers to please my pussy with for so long. Please, I need you. Fuck me. Ram that sweet prick I've had my hands on all night into me."

"Damn Nancy, you almost sucked it right off me in the car. But I think I can take care of that moist cunt of yours. Damn you have lovely tits. Strip for me. Give me a little lap dance and be my whore for the night. I'll fuck you in every hole and you won't need your fingers anymore late at night. Hey, wait are you sure your son won't be home?"

"He's out fucking his slut girl friend tonight. So you like these boobs of mine? You make me blush."

"Yea, I can see your cute little nipples getting all red. Now come here and let me suck on those lovely tits."

I moved to the entrance of the room. One part of me wanted to toss him out, yet I couldn't. I put myself in a position where I could see them on the couch, my mom with her dress half off, her big and yes they are bit tits exposed and Jack with he mouth sucking on one like a baby whose is half starved. I couldn't see what mom was doing with her hand but I got a good idea when Jack moaned.

"Ohhh, baby, yea jack that cock. You tits taste great. I would love to cum all over them."

"Honey, you can cum on me or in me any way you wish. I loved getting a mouth full of your man juice (Man Juice? Mom!!) in the car. Now I want it up my pussy. Fuck me. Here on the floor. Take me you fucker."

Mom got up and let her dress fall to her feet. Her panties were black, french cut with lace (hey I like sexy panties on my girls). She slid her hand into her panties and there was no question as what she was doing. I watched and my cock got bigger as she played with her cunt with one hand and pulled on one of her nipples with the other. Sliding the hand out of her pussy she brings it to her lips. 

"Ummm, my juices are nice and sweet. Don't you want a taste?"

Jack is up and stripping his clothes off. When naked he goes to her and gets on his knees before her. As my hand grabs my throbbing cock his face gets filled with her lovely pussy. I watch as mom puts her hands on the back of his head and tilts her head back. "Ohhh, yea. Eat me. Fuck my pussy with that tongue of yours. Ohhhh, fuck. My clit baby. Work on my clit. Make mommy cum."

When she said mommy I nearly came. Damn I never thought of her as a woman. Well, you know what I mean. And here she was, my sweet little mom, a sexual animal getting her cunt eaten out and me wishing I was the one with my face in it.

Suddenly she pushed him away. "I need your cock in me now. Take me like a bitch dog. Fuck me from behind and ram it in me honey. Ohhhh, God I need it bad."

Mom got on all four in front of Jack and looking back over her shoulder, her big mounds of tit flesh swaying and she wiggles her ass. "Come and get some nookie honey. Fuck me like a dog."

I almost laugh when she said nookie, but my hand was moving a mile a minute. I wasn't going to be able to hold out and knew I would be shooting all over the carpet.

Jack got behind her and aimed his cock at her hole. He tried to be slow and enjoy the feel of his prick invading her velvet cunt, but my slutty little mom pushed back and cried out, "Damn it fucker. Stick it in me. FUCK ME!"

He put his hands on her hips and began thrusting in and out of her wet box. I could almost hear his balls slapping against her ass. Her moans filled the room as my sweet innocent mom got her cunt fucked.

He reached up and grabbed here hair and pulled her head back, her mouth open and fucked her hard. I couldn't hold back any more and my cock exploded, cum shooting on the wall and the carpet. (I'll worry about that later). My cock stayed hard even with my seed dripping out of it as I watch him fuck her. My mom.

In a high pitched voice she cried out "I'M CUMMMINGGGGG. OH GOD, AHHHHH.."

He keeps ramming it into her with his upper body now laying on her and his hands under her pulling and pinching her tits. Her head is down, hair covering her face so I can't see it. His hips moving a mile a minute as he drives his cock in and out of her pussy. Suddenly he arches his back and throws back his head and pushes hard. I know his cock is inside her, expanding and flooding her with his cum.

I keep rubbing my own cock as I watch them. Both slide to the floor, he on top of her. For a long time they both just lay there, trying to get their breath. I decide to get back up stairs and quickly dress. 

I wait behind my closed door like a thief till I hear the two of them laughing and talking. I can't make out what they are saying, but I hear the door to her bedroom close. I pick up my cell phone and my keys and sneak out. Once outside I find my car is blocked in the garage by his car. I call up Tammy and she is a little upset by my not calling her back.

"Baby, I need you. Can you make an excuse to leave for a bit and come and pick me up?"

"Sure, but why can't you drive?"

"It's a long story and I will tell you every hot bit of it when I see you. But right now my cock is killing me for that hot pussy of yours. If you don't get over here I'm coming there and rape you right in front of your folks."

"Ohhh baby. I'll be right there."

I smile. If I play my cards right who knows. Maybe I'll have two hot pussies to enjoy in the days to come. Yea, I will. It's wrong to feel this way about your own mother, but damn what a hot fuck that lady is.