 I walked Liz to her car and kissed her.  “I’m gonna miss you this weekend.”

“I’m gonna miss you, too.”  She replied, starting her car.  “Take care of yourself, I’ll be back Sunday night.”

I kissed her again and she drove off.  I started to walk home, but then realized I had left my jacket at her place.  I knocked on the door and Liz’s roommate, Susan, answered.

“Hey John,” she said, “did Liz get on her way safely?”

“Yeah, I just forgot my jacket when I walked her to the car.”

I grabbed the coat off of the kitchen chair where I had left it.  I thanked Susan and started toward the door.

“You and Liz have been spending a lot of time together,” Susan said as I neared the door, “are you guys serious?”

I hesitated.  I wasn’t sure how serious I was about Liz.  We had only been seeing each other a couple of months but were spending an increasing amount of time together.  I sometimes wondered if I was in love or simply staying with Liz out of convenience.  She was a steady sex partner, something a twenty-year-old college male had a definite need for.  Susan’s question hadn’t brought these thoughts to the surface, I’d been thinking about them a lot lately.

“I think so.”  I lied.  It really wasn’t the kind of thing you discussed with your girlfriend’s roommate.

“She’s a great girl.”  Susan replied.  “It’s so great to see her having fun.  You two do a lot together.”

“Yeah, well I’ve gotta find something to do tonight.”  I sighed.  “I haven’t even decided what to have for dinner.”

“Me either.  Why don’t we grab a bite together somewhere?”

“I’m a little short this week, Susan.”  It was the one drawback of being a student.

“I’ve got some chicken in the fridge.  Why don’t we have dinner here?”

It beat a night home alone with a can of Spam.  “That sounds good, Susan.  Can I bring anything?”

“I think I have everything.”  She replied.  “Just bring your fine self.  How about seven o’clock?”

I arrived at Susan’s a little before seven.  Susan answered the door looking wonderful in a short gray skirt and pink sweater.  She was a popular girl so I assumed she had a date later that evening.  In fact, I was surprised she had any time for me on a Friday night.  The smell of chicken baking hit my nose as I entered her apartment.

The chicken wasn’t quite done, so we sat at the kitchen table making small talk.  She offered me some wine and I opened the bottle while she got up to get a couple of glasses.  The wine glasses were on the top shelf in a cabinet over the stove.  Susan was a short girl, a shade below five feet tall, and wonderfully proportioned.  Curvy would be the perfect description, her breasts and bottom probably very average in size, but looking ample on her smallish frame.  Her short blonde hair and oval face coupled with her lack of height created a cute, girlish look that she had cultivated extremely well.

That lack of height was now causing her problems.  Try as she might, she couldn’t reach the wine glasses above the stove.  As she stretched upward, her skirt rode up ever so slightly and I caught a glimpse of lacy stocking tops.

She peeked back at me.  “Can you give me a hand here?”

I got up and stood behind her.  At just over six feet tall, I could easily reach the glasses, even reaching over Susan I had no problem.  She backed into me as I grabbed two glasses, her bottom pressing into my thighs.  I assumed it was accidental, but coupled with my earlier view of those sexy stocking tops, my brain began to consider other possibilities.

Susan poured a couple of glasses then removed the chicken from the oven.  Dinner was excellent, the food, the wine, the conversation.  Susan was a bright girl, an honor student with a wonderfully quirky sense of humor.

Finished, I offered to help with the dishes.  Susan told me she would just leave them for tomorrow and offered dessert.  I accepted.  She poured me a cup of coffee and told me to wait in the living room, that she’d bring dessert to me.

I sat in an arm chair and sipped my coffee.  

“I’ve got a two choices for dessert.”  She entered the living room empty handed, standing in front of me.

“What are my choices?”  I took another sip of my coffee.

Susan hooked her thumbs under her sweater and in one fluid, practiced motion pulled it off over her head revealing more lacy undergarments.  Dropping the sweater behind her, she cupped a breast in each hand.

“You can have the right one or the left one.”

She crawled onto my lap and gently pushed my head down to her cleavage.  I started kissing the top of her left breast.  Susan pulled a strap down, freeing her left breast.  She let out a soft moan as I took her nipple in my mouth.  She began to rock, grinding herself into my lap as her nipple became hard in my mouth.

Her skirt had ridden up to her waist now and it was apparent that Susan was wearing a sexy pink teddy to go with her stockings.  Seeing this sexy woman in exotic lingerie was an amazing turn on for me.

“My dessert is wonderful!”  I smiled up at her.  “Where’s yours?”

“I’m sitting on it.”  She ground herself into me, harder this time.

I moaned in satisfaction, placed both hands on her rump and lowered my mouth once more to her tit.  We ground into each other viciously as I squeezed her bottom.

“Ooh that makes me so hot!”  Susan squealed.  “Can I have my dessert now?  I want it.”

She crawled off of my lap and got on her knees in front of me.  She had my pants around my ankles.  I stroked my cock for her a few times.

“Dessert is served.”  I push my cock toward her open mouth.  She devoured it, seemingly hungry for cock.  I leaned back and enjoyed myself for the next ten minutes or so.  Now I knew why Susan was so popular.

“Let’s go to the bedroom.”  Susan was sat up on her knees, taking me by the hand.

“Oh, Susan, I can’t think of anything….”  She placed her finger on my lips.

“Shhh.”  She whispered.  “I’m Susie.”

“What?”

“Guys I fuck call me Susie.”  She smiled.  “You are going to fuck me, aren’t you?”

I stood up and helped Susan - make that Susie - to her feet.  She grabbed me by the cock and led me to the bedroom.  Once we reached the bedroom she pulled back the covers on her bed.  Bent over, I admired her luscious ass.  I grabbed the crotch of her teddy, unsnapped it and stuck my dick in her.

“Take it Susie!”  I groaned as I pushed into her.

“Yeah, that’s it, give it to me!”

Our difference in heights required me to bend my knees severely to stay inside of her.  It was extremely uncomfortable for my knees, though my dick was happy in her tight cunt.  I began to pump her frantically, hands on her waist.  Each thrust pushed her upwards, bringing her off of the floor as my intensity increased.  Eventually I gave her a hard thrust, straightened my knees and lifted her onto the bed. 

Susie groaned loudly as she landed on her hands and knees on the bed.  Her pussy now at the perfect level, I hammered away, mercilessly pounding her cunt.  I watched her ass cheeks jiggle with each thrust.  I couldn’t believe how good she looked in this position.

She fell forward, face down on the bed then rolled over onto her back.  I pulled off her skirt, took of my shirt and mounted her.  Her legs instinctively wrapped around me, stockinged feet locked around my waist.  Her cunt grabbed my cock with an intensity I had never felt before.

“You’re so tight, Susie”

“Shut up and fuck me.”

She continued to grip me as I fucked her, her cunt tighter than a virgin’s untouched hole.  My face buried in her shoulder I hammered away with all my might, Susie’s moans driving me crazy.

“You can’t come in me.”  She said suddenly.  “I’m not on anything.”

Close to my ejaculation, I sat up on my knees and stroked my cock for Susie as she rubbed her beautiful tits.  My cock jerked in my hand then shot come like a geyser all over Susie’s gorgeous round tits.  I collapsed on top of her.  We held each other for a few minutes before I fell asleep.  

We spent the next two days fucking as I spent the whole weekend there.  Liz returned on Sunday night, just a few minutes after Susie had finished giving me a mind rattling blowjob.  She never figured it out what was going on between Susie and I.  We broke up a few weeks later anyway.  Susie lost interest in me after that.

I talked to a lot of guys who knew Susan over the next couple of months.  It was interesting to find out who called her Susan and who called her Susie.  I was always sure to let them know what I called her.