 I just don't like you very much," Beth said, with her eyes glowering at mine across the candle-lit table of the Italian restaurant. 

"Well, at least the food was good" I replied, thinking I had never had better cannelloni, or sat through a dinner with someone more disagreeable.

"Sometimes, Thomas, I like to imagine different kinds of hell. Tantalus under the burning sun, forever snatching at goblets of cool fresh water only to have them dissolve into sand before they touch his parched lips."

"I like your take on Tantalus" I replied. "Tell me another hell."

"Spending 24 hours in a locked-room with you."

I looked at Beth a bit dismayed, but mostly curious. We had been bumping heads all semester in our Victorian lit class. I would make a comment and she would chortle. She would make a comment and it would seem so off-point I would want to lay my head in my hands in despair. 

When your delving into George Eliot or Melville, week-after-week, with the same group of people it gets pretty intimate. And, for the most part, I felt a real bond with my classmates. But from Beth it was scowls and scoffs and enough public words of disdain it was obvious to everyone she thought I was a prick. Probably the whole class thought we once had an affair that had ended terribly. The funny thing is Beth and I had no history at all. This mistake of an Italian dinner together was a well-intentioned dare to us both from a fellow classmate.

"24 hours. It would be interesting" I replied.

"I would die of boredom."

"I'm sure you would find ways to entertain yourself."

"Only if I could do anything I wanted and that's not going to happen." 

I looked at her face with intensified interest as she said these words. But Beth had no tell at all; no twinkling eyes, no flash of a smile. The very absence of expected emotion somehow drew me in. I stared hard at her a moment feeling an utterly unexpected wave of warmth towards her growing inside me. But Beth didn't even return my gaze.

"You could," I replied slowly, deliberately, "for 24 hours do anything you wanted."

"Oh, fuck off" she almost hissed.

"Carpe Diem Beth," I said, almost pleading.

"The cheesiest line pick-up line of all for at least two thousand years" Beth shot back.

"Yes Beth, but Horace continues 'Quam minimum credula posturo.' Class will be over. School will be over. This will all be memory. I want to know what your 'anything' is, Beth.

"You couldn't handle my 'anything'."

I stared at her.

"Yes, I could." 

The candles guttered low, their flickering light glistening on the cut-crystal. Now it was time for her to stare at me a bit. Then she glanced around. All the diners close to us had departed. Our waiter was occupied with patrons on the other side of the room.

"Give me your hand Thomas" she said.

Taking my large and quite powerful hand in her own, as I reached across the table, she examined it and then turned the palm upward leaving my wrist exposed.

"Wrists are especially sensitive to heat. That's why you test an infant's formula on your wrist."

Still holding my hand wrist-upward, she reached for one of the low burning candles. 

"Candle wax is particular," she continued in detached, and almost clinical, voice. "Drip wax from two feet and it's just like little hot kisses. Drip from a foot and there are stinging waves of pain. But drip from two inches or less, and you are in a different world"

I looked at her with a measure of tenderness and curiosity and amazement as she held the candle over my wrist and then stared back at me as she tipped it to a 90-degree angle holding it just an inch from my skin. I wanted to cry-out as a rivulet of wax flowed over my wrist. Then she moved the candle slowly up the length of my forearm covering it with a line of raw stinging pain. I didn't utter a sound or word or even flinch. When she was done she replaced the candle in its holder and we both looked around the room. No one had seen a thing.

"You could do anything you wanted" I said to her.

"I hate you"

"Yes, but we will do this"

"Yes," She said. "Yes."

The following day we agreed to meet at her apartment after Friday class. Thursday or Saturday would have worked much better for me but she insisted on Friday. Then, For the next 24 hours, I would do her bidding no matter what. That was our agreement. 

I thought I should be nervous about it because she obviously had issues, and I wasn't sure how far she would push things. But, in truth, the unknowing was very exciting. Beyond this, I felt strangely drawn to her and was hungry to know what lay beneath her layers of coldness.

The drive to her apartment, three days later, was uneventful and we passed the fifteen minutes with small-talk about class with no real change in her cool, dispassionate demeanor. But stepping through her apartment door was another thing entirely. Her walls were adorned with home-made enlargements of Francesca Woodman's photographs and Egon Schiele prints. She had three large bookshelves, one of them entirely devoted to art and photography books. I was very intrigued. 

She took Stephen Mitchell's translation of Rilke's poetry from a shelf and handing me the book said: 

"Read to me" 

Beth turned and headed into her bedroom and flung herself face-up upon her bed. Sitting on the side of the bed I read her four or five of my favorite Rilke poems, and a couple from where the leaves were turned down. I kept glancing at her face and it seemed, surprisingly, like a study in contentment.

"Ok, that's enough" she abruptly said.

Thomas, there's a high-lumen LED shop-light on its stand by the closet. Bring it to the foot of the bed and turn the lights so they face the door and then turn them on. I did as she instructed and soon an extremely bright light flooded the doorway.

"Now, Thomas, stand in the doorway and strip for me slowly."

I couldn't see Beth at all in the glare which made stripping a bit awkward at first. I was reasonably proud of my body and sometimes worked out, but I'd been putting a lot into school work lately and was a bit off my game. In the glare, there were no shadows to hide behind. Still, it was kind of exciting to be under Beth's command and I was resolved to give this whole experience my best. I felt strangely thrilled by the absoluteness of her quiet commands. In fact, I felt, as I removed the last articles of clothing, strangely free.

"You can just stand there for a while" came the voice through the glare as I heard her fumbling with her clothes. Then, a minute later, I heard the click and a buzzing sound I recognized as a Hitachi Magic Wand.

I stood there a bit awkwardly at first, then lifted my arms above my head with my two hands against the doorframe. 

"That's good Thomas, now spread your legs a bit as well."

And I did as I was told. I could hear the vibrator changing tone a bit as she seemed to be pressing it harder against her labia.

"Now turn around and spread your legs again and bend over."

Instead of feeling exposed and vulnerable I felt worlds of stress dropping from me as life was the simplest it had been in years. I was the object of her voice, her desire, her whim for the next 24 hours and nothing more. How astonishingly freeing. I liked the rawness of having even my ass exposed to her eyes and subject to her will.

"Spread your ass cheeks" came the invisible voice, now a bit breathy.

And to my pleasure I heard the magic wand give the distinctive sound it makes when pressed against sloshy wetness. 

"Thomas, turn off the light. My ass needs attention from your mouth"

As I complied I saw Beth had removed all her clothes and lay naked with legs drawn up and the Hitachi Magic Wand held with both hands and pressed against her labia. As I moved toward her she turned over pushing a pillow under her loins so her ass was pushed up toward me.

I took her ass cheeks in my hands, gently but firmly spreading them, exposing her rectum to my gaze. Her ass wasn't particularly clean and I could smell a combination of sweat, the delicious fragrance of her excitement, and the more piercing smell of a trace of shit. I loved having no choice inhaled deeply. Savoring her scent, I felt my cock surging to erectness as waves of excitement flooded through me. 

I liked the feel of the soft mounds of her ample ass in my large hands. Spreading her cheeks just a bit wider I stuck my tongue out and ever-so-softly, and extremely slowly, licked her in one broad sweep from the bottom of her labia to the top of her crack. 

"I still don't like you" she said softly moaning as she raised her ass up further pressing against my mouth and sliding the Magic Wand under her loins. 

I began to use my whole mouth suckle and open her rectum. It was clear my only responsibility in the world at the moment was to give her ass all the pleasure I could, and I was determined to do my best. I began to slowly open her rectum with working my tongue ever deeper as I softly suckled with my lips at the same time. Little-by-little I could feel her asshole relax and open as my tongue moved ever-deeper into the fragrant and sloshy wet depths her ass.

"You're an arrogant prick in class you know" she said through her quiet moaning. "Thomas, use your fingers as well as your mouth."

I raised my right hand to my mouth covering my index finger with saliva and returned to sucking and plunging my tongue into her rectum. Then, continuing with my mouth, began to press into Beth's rectum with my finger. I loved how soaked, relaxed and loose her asshole had become and my finger slid in effortlessly. 

I began moving my finger in slow circles inside her anal canal pausing to caress her vaginal wall with each circuit, all the while continuing to tongue and suck her ass. As Beth moaned deeply I focused more attention on that magical place, where I could press the against her g-spot through her anal / vaginal wall. Beth's low moaning, gentle rocking and subtle slow waves of constricting and relaxing caused my already erect cock to throb until I could the feel the pleasant wet warmth of precum seeping through my cock.

Then, slowing the pace of my caress, she began bucking upward toward my mouth and finger. I withdrew my index finger and now placed my middle three fingers into my mouth. The taste from my index finger was tangy and bitter but delicious. When the three fingers were soaked with saliva I pushed them slowly into Beth's relaxed and wet rectum. With limited space for my mouth now, I began to concentrate on fingering her ass, spreading the tips to open even her deeper parts. Then I began plunging again and again with all three fingers hard and deep into her depths while applying pressure downward against her g-spot. 

All the while Beth continued to press the head of the magic wand against her labia moving it up and down. As her low moaning turned into a pant and the rhythm of her caresses began to match the rhythm of my fingers. I began to gather saliva in my mouth and every so often would spit on her rectum and my plunging fingers. Her panting became short and quick, a raw, primal sound that drove me wild. Her whole ass started convulsing a bit as each plunge caressed her anal / vaginal wall and hitting her g-spot on the way in and out. Suddenly she started thrashing and her panting stopped altogether, before breaking into a yelping cry as she thrashed and contracted, and then with a cry of joy began to squirt in rhythmic gushes of ejaculate all over the bed.

For perhaps three minutes Beth lay face down upon her bed as her breathing slowly returned to near normal. At last she removed the pillow and turned-over, facing me, then leaned up on an elbow.

"Today is my twenty-eighth birthday, asshole" she said in a softer voice than she had ever used toward me before. "What are you going to do about it?" 

Now this was unexpected and different. It was not only a question but a challenge. I could feel my body chemistry changing as I began to tumble out of the state of serving and into a state something altogether different.

I sat down on the bed beside Beth, admiring her body. I was already smitten by her ample and deliciously-soft ass but now I luxuriated in the rest of her as she sat upon the bed. The soft plumpness of her flesh made my cock stir. Beth was "zoftig" as the German's would say admiringly. She had somewhat droopy breasts but with large areolas and larger nipples. I loved them and could feel the beauty of her nipples in the hunger of my mouth. But that had to wait. There was a softer expression in her face now and her deep brown eyes shone with curious hunger. 

I quietly insisted "Beth, I want you over my knees," and immediately, and with the first real smile I had ever seen on her face, she complied.

It is hard to explain the sea of hungers I felt as I gazed down on Beth's soft and pale and ample ass-cheeks thrust upward as she lay draped over my thighs, as I sat upon the edge of the bed. I glanced from her ass to my hands because I swear I could feel real hunger in their palms.

"Twenty-eight is a beautiful age" I said, pausing for a moment before the open palm of my right hand came down hard on her pale soft ass cheek. Smack.

"Beth, you keep the count"

"One" she moaned as she squirmed.

Smack

"Two" Beth cried out as the stinging hot wave shot through her whole body from toe to scalp.

My hand had come down harder this time on her other ass cheek. Already the first cheek had changed from pale to pink, with the imprint of my hand clearly visible.

I noticed, to my surprise, my cock would surge and throb a bit with each blow. Beth's writhing beneath the smacks and the changing color of her ass cheeks were deeply pleasurable to me. I thought for a moment about the whole strange mind-fuck of this experience. This was interesting. She was interesting.

Smack. My hand came down on the first cheek much harder this time. Beth cried out, but as much in pleasure and relief as in pain. I didn't hold back at all. as three became, four became five, became six. Beth's ass cheeks, pale-as-can-be just minutes before, now turned from pink to nearly scarlet, and the imprint of my hand gave way to a general welting. I backed-off a little on intensity but increased the speed just a bit shifting from one cheek to another with Beth gasping each time, and then uttering low moans. 

Her scent started changing into the stuff of raw primal heated arousal that made my cock start leaking precum. 

"Fourteen"

"Fifteen"

"Sixteen" she gasped in a cross between a moan and a whisper. 

"Seven..." She couldn't even finish the word. "Oh God, fuck, fuck, fuck Thomas, fuck me with your hand, please"

"Do we need to start again at Seven, Beth?" I asked a bit coolly, though my whole being was inflamed and raw with hunger. Smack.

"Eighteen," she whimpered. Smack.

"Nineteen"

By this time her whole body was writhing, and the numbers were panted out in a raw and primal whisper I had never heard before. Smack. My hand came down the hardest it had. I felt a stream of Beth's hot piss spurt out onto my lap.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to" Beth pleaded.

I found the flood of her involuntary release on my lap so intensely arousing I could barely speak for a moment. 

"It's alright, I think you are beautiful," I said as three of my fingers found their way deep inside her drenched and hot and open pussy. 

A moment later the three fingers of my other hand started fucking her rectum as well. Beth was moaning crazily, and I knew she could climax at any moment. But I wasn't quite ready to take her there. 

To get a better angle I lifted her back up upon the bed turning her face up and started using the fingers of both hands to fuck both pussy and ass furiously sliding one hand in as the other slid out and pressing against her g-spot from both holes and with every thrust. Her hand began to caress her clit as her moans again changed into some dark and primal groaning. Suddenly she was crying out again, and this time the flood that erupted from between her thrashing legs was like a baptizing spray soaking my torso and splashing my face. 

"Now I fuck you" I said smiling as my cock slid into the depths of her pussy, driving hard till she would splash a bit with every thrust. 

I had been fiercely aroused and hard for an hour. Long, slow fucking could wait. I looked into her eyes that felt hungry and almost oceanic as I pounded into her. Her eyes broke from my gaze and began to roll back a bit. I felt her vagina contracting in spasms around my cock as waves of rapture poured through my entire body. Finally, all sensations coalesced into a climax so raw and intense I felt like the whole of my whole being was exploding into Beth.

I collapsed onto her as her arms encircled me and mine encircled her.

"I fucking hate, hate, hate, hate" Beth repeated as she began to cry, "I fucking hate that I love you, Thomas, so fucking much."

It didn't really matter that her spanking hadn't reached twenty-eight. And it didn't really matter that things during our twenty-four hours together drifted quite far afield from our original plan. It did matter though, as it turned out later, that I had reminded Beth in so many ways of her father it had driven her nuts in class. But that was ok. Desire in everyone has to start somewhere, and the similarity between her father and me gave us a lot to build upon. When I finally met her Father, a year later, and just a week before Beth and I became engaged, I liked and admired him immensely. 

As for Beth, she smiles a lot these days. We explore lots of worlds together. Art, books, and travel. And our sex is varied and often deliciously kinky. We had to buy top-quality rubber sheets along with other toys. On occasion. I Dom her pretty hard. Other times she's my Goddess, and serving her every desire is a kind of paradise. 

Occasionally, Beth still tells me she hates me, but it's almost always with a soft smile on her face and pleading upturned eyes. Then, I know she needs me to turn her yummy pale soft ass to pink and then to scarlet. I'm always happy to oblige.