 I run a small-but-very-lucrative commercial real estate company in an upscale Midwestern town. I say small because it's a two person operation - just me and my secretary/office manager.

Her name is Donna, and she might be the best secretary in the Midwest. First of all, she's extremely smart, incredibly organized, and a very hard worker. Secondly, she's a flat-out beautiful and sexy single women: 26 years old, blonde hair, blue eyes, angel face, big, full, firm, perfect 38-D breasts, a nice ass, and a killer body. Thirdly, she likes to flaunt her looks and she has an outgoing, flirty personality that draws men to her like moths to a bright light - which is a valuable commodity because most of my clients are men.

And lastly - and best of all - she fucking loves sex. I wouldn't say that she's a nymphomaniac, but she's damn close. And she was often willing to engage in sex in exchange for what we called "special performance bonuses", which was basically money for sex.

Like my regular Monday morning $200 blow jobs for instance (which are so good they're a bargain). Or fucking the landlord for discounts on rent (which we split). Or "entertaining" big money clients and developers over dinner and drinks and...whatever happens. Or "sealing the deal" with a reluctant buyer of a 7 figure warehouse building.

In other words, she was a terrific asset to the company. And she was handsomely rewarded for her work. I paid her $75K a year, plus use of a company-paid-for Lexus, and an apartment in a ritzy high rise. Plus all the sex she wanted. So it was truly a "win-win" proposition.

But getting back to the "special performance bonuses", one of the regular ones was doing the landlord for $500 off the rent. He was a lonely, 46 year old, never-been-married, CPA who lived by himself. And he was absolutely infatuated with Donna. So she'd visit him - after business hours - at his office once a month. And he always wanted the same thing. 

He'd sit on his office couch fully clothed, and Donna would get naked and sit on his lap. Then she'd dry fuck him through his pants while he squeezed, and fondled, and licked, and sucked her big gorgeous tits for about fifteen minutes until his dick got real hard. Then she'd kneel down between his legs, unzip his pants, pull out his stiff, blood-engorged cock, and suck the living shit out of it until he came. And he insisted that she swallow his load, so she always did, of course. And she always ended by letting some of his gizz ooze out the sides of her mouth and drip down her chin - which he loved to see. And that was it. He never asked to fuck her. Just play with her tits and get his dick sucked. And he took $500 off the rent every month. 

Another example was last month. I called her into my office and asked if she was interested in a big number "special performance bonus" the next morning.

"Sure," she said. "What is it and what do you mean by "big number"?

"Two grand," I said.

"Okay, You've got my attention. Tell me more."

"Do you remember Mr. Tanaka? The Chinese guy who came in town last week to look at that 20 acre condo site on the East side?"

"Yeah. The Moore property. That's a big deal. Is he still interested?"

"Well. That's where the special performance bonus comes in. He called me this morning, and he wants to meet at 9 AM tomorrow to MAYBE finalize the deal."

"Great."

"Yeah. But half the conversation was about you. He seems very smitten with you. He referred to you as "your sexy secretary with the big, wonderful breasts". And he came right out and said that if I'd "share you with him" he'd buy the land."

"Really? What exactly does "share you with him" mean?"

"He was very specific about that. He wants to watch you and me fuck, and then he wants to join in and fuck you together."

"Well hell. That seems doable for 2 Grand. Money up front?"

"Yeah. And I'm guessing that once it's over he'll be an appreciative tipper."

"Let's do it. I'll be here at 8:30."

"Great. And wear something sexy that shows off your tits."

"No problem," she said.

Donna showed up the next morning wearing a very short blue skirt and a tight, thin, white, bare-shoulder, low cut, peasant dress with no bra underneath it. And my dick got hard just looking at her. Every curve and swell of her tits was visible through the thin fabric of the blouse, and it looked like her stiff nipples were going to burst through the material.

"Damn, Donna," I said.

She gave me an ornery grin. "I thought you'd like it, Joe." 

"I do. I like it a lot. And I'm sure Mr. Tanaka will too. You look great."

Tanaka showed up about 20 minutes later, and as soon as he walked in his eyes locked onto her boobs. Then he sat on my couch and said, "Very nice. Shall we proceed?"

We did. Donna walked around my desk, knelt down in front of me, unzipped my fly, pulled out my

still-limp dick, and started sucking it.

"Oh shit, Donna,"

"Mmmm"

And as usual, she sucked me real good and fast. For about three minutes. Then she stood up and walked over to Mr. Tanaka, and puled her blouse down and let her big, full, firm tits jiggle free on her chest. Then she pushed them into his face, and he immediately reached up and started squeezing and fondling them. 

And after about five minutes she knelt down, and got his dick out, and started sucking him. First just the head. Then lower. And lower down his shaft until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. Then she started sliding her lips up and down on his cock real fast. From the bottom to the top, then back down again until his dick was buried in her mouth and throat. And he started moaning. And his body started squirming beneath her.

Then she suddenly stopped, and stood up, and came back over to me.

"Now fuck me good, Joe," she whispered in my ear. "Let's give Mr. Tanaka a show,"

I did. I pulled her blouse off, and took off her skirt and panties, and pushed her on her back on my desk, Then I pushed her legs up until her knees were around her ears, and slid my rock-hard cock in her pussy, and started fucking her fast and hard. And deep.

"Oh yes, Joe," she whimpered. "Fuck me."

"Is that good, baby?"

"Yes. Yes."

And as I fucked her, her gorgeous tits jiggled and quivered seductively on her chest. And she looked up at me with a look of pure pleasure on her face, And she started pushing her hips up to meet my thrusts. Until we were moving together like a machine.

"Oh fuck, Donna."

"Uh huh! Uh huh! Oh God YES!"

"Shit, baby!"

"YES! Don't stop! Don't. Stop!"

I didn't. And having Tanaka watching us made it a lot more pleasurable. And exciting. And I 

remember thinking that it was the best fuck of my life. And Donna was moaning and gasping, and she seemed to be feeling the same thing. 

And I was so consumed with the pleasure of the moment that I didn't notice when Tanaka stood up, and walked over, and pulled Donna's head head towards him until it was hanging over the edge of my desk. Then he moved forward and slid the bulbous head of his cock between her lips and started fucking her mouth. And he wasn't shy about it. He pushed his dick deeper and deeper into her mouth until she started choking and gagging.

"ACH! ACH! UNGH!"

And she took it all. In fact, she grabbed his ass and pulled his crotch tighter against her face. And I could see the bulge from the head of his cock sliding up and down in her throat.

And it was such an incredible turn on to see another man fucking her face while I fucked her pussy that I almost came right then and there. But I didn't. I just started fucking her harder. And so did Tanaka. And she was writhing and trembling in between us. And then all of a sudden her body stiffened up, and started jerking, and she came like I've never seen a woman come before. Real hard and long. Then she came AGAIN harder and stronger this time. 

And just as I let go and came - in one of the best orgasms I've ever experienced - I looked up and saw Tanaka's body jerking as he came in her mouth. And Donna came AGAIN! And when we both pulled out she was laying on my desk quivering and trembling.

Tanaka zipped up, handed me 3 thousand dollars, said he'd be back in the morning to sign the purchase contract, and walked out the door.

"Are you alright, Donna?

"Oh God yes," she said. "That was fucking fantastic!"

"Yeah. Me too," I said. 

We were still so amped up that we sucked and fucked each others brains out for another two hours. And it was terrific.