 I have a secret, a secret spot, a secret desire. I never venture toward that spot on my own, nor do I tell a lover of its whereabouts. I do however prompt him toward it and beg him softly to tease me there. My promptings are nothing more then a mere whisper so if he hears me then it is to my delight. I'm not bold enough to tell him louder nor twice. 

Let me tell you about my secret spot.

My favorite act is kissing. I love the feel and the effects from such a simple act. The feel of his lips against mine, his tongue searching mine out, the hand to the back of my head drawing me closer to him and keeping me there. All this and more drives me wild with desire. Kissing is an act that builds that desire of lust, feeds the fires of passion and urges one on to go further. It's not long before I feel my lover's hand rubbing my inner thigh and then my soft shaven pussy. His fingers slightly brush against the swollen lips and one or even maybe two of them will slip between feeling the heat of my body and the clit hidden sweetly awaiting his touch. 

The fire deep inside me starts grow stronger with just the flick of his fingers. My kiss grows more intense, sucking lightly on his tongue and nipping at his lips not wanting it to stop but for him to carry on. 

He reads my body and continues his rubbing, very softly and gently as if he knows exactly how to arouse me even more. He feeds my yearning with just a finger, or even two that slip into my wet hot pussy. A soft moan escapes my lips. He toys with my g-spot pressing his manhood, which is now very hard, firmly against my leg, the whole while not letting up from kissing me. 

Finally, the thrusting of his fingers deep in my pussy and kissing seize and he pulls away. I know his intent, I've longed for it since the first of our kiss. He spreads my legs wide apart, wide and looks down at my pink pussy now glistening in the light. The cool air chills my heated wet spot and the anticipation stirs inside me. 

"Beautiful." He says as he dives in to lap up my juices. 

At first the feel of his tongue flicking across my clit sends a shudder of delight through my body. My body tenses and I enjoy the sensation. Hungrily he licks more, pressing his nose deep into me. The sound of his wet tongue enjoying my taste arouses me immensely. I close my eyes as my hand finds the back his head helping him at what he is looking for. His touch is so surreal to me I find myself taking a deep breath trying to relax my body, trying hard to bring myself to that climax of intense pleasure.

His tongue runs down one side of clit then down the other. He softly sucks on my clit for our pleasure. Over and over this continues sending me almost on the verge of climax. Each time he changes the rhythm it pulls me back down again prolonging the orgasm. I don't know if he does it to make me cum even harder or if he is simply enjoying the richness of my body. 

He ventures more, exploring more intimate parts. Spreading my pussy lips wide apart, he plunges with his tongue deep into my hole, fucking it mercilessly. I moan. Slowly he licks around the hole coming close to my ass, the whole time pressing his hands firmly into my thighs. 

"More." I encourage him and he complies, fucking my pussy deep with his tongue again. In and out I feel his wet tongue glide back and forth. The wetness sends cool shudders up my body and I enjoy the feeling. His fingers play dangerously close to my ass and I moan to show my approval. 

Back to my clit he goes, furiously flicking it as if he was starved for the feeling. I'm close when I feel his finger slip into my sopping wet pussy and start to massage my g-spot once again. I close my eyes longing for another place to be toyed with. 

"Finger my ass, babe." I ask softly. 

Wet from my juices he toys with my ass. Slowly and very carefully he slips his finger in. The entrance slowly expands and new sensations shoot through my body. I tense at first, sucking in my breath between my teeth. Immense pleasure floods my body and gives me that instant sense of relaxation as he continues to flick my clit mercilessly. Once his finger is deeply in me slowly he starts to move his finger back and forth. 

Ahhh... he's hit my secret spot, my secret desire. This feels so good, his wet tongue teasing my clit and finger fucking my ass. I feel myself start to slip into paradise as my body starts to tense, my thighs enclose around his head and then I feel it. The spasm of my pussy as it starts to contract. My body releases into a climax. He has found my secret desire that makes me cum 

This doesn't stop him. I'm sure he can feel my body react and hear me moan loudly showing him the effects of his touch. Yet he continues. He licks more and when I don't think I can bare another flick to my extremely sensitive clit with one long stroke of his tongue he finds my pussy hole and starts to drink of its richness. 

I can still feel his finger lodged deep in my ass and I take in the sensuous feeling of what it has brought me. Finally, I feel my body starting to relax and the spasm has calmed. I feel the cool air rush over my clit. I enjoy this moment as I run my hands through his hair, pondering what I'm about to do to him to return the orgasm. His face is still buried deep between my legs, fucking my pussy with his tongue. 

Suddenly, he licks my clit and wiggles his finger in my ass one last time and I jump. My responsive clit instantly sends another wave of pleasure through my body and I tense. Another climax, more intense then the first and I scream out my gratification. He truly knows where my secret spot is, what my secret desire is, what I long for from a man.