 Some time ago, my wife and I decided that once a month we would have a special night out. It didn't have to be much, dinner and a movie, something other than a night at home watching TV. I look forward to those nights. We seem to get to know each other again. Appreciate each other again.

It was our planned day out. As I left in the morning, I kissed my wife and told her to pamper herself as she had the entire day off.

"We'll see," she replied as I headed out the door.

****************************

I headed home after work and grabbed a quick shower before we headed out. We had made plans to go to one of our favorite local restaurants and take in a show at the theater afterwards. The restaurant was busy, but we were seated quickly.

Shortly after ordering, she excused herself and headed to the restroom. After a short time, she returned, tossing something into my lap as she sat back down across from me. I was taken off guard by what had been tossed at me. It took me a minute to realize what it was. She had removed her panties when she was in the restroom! I was mesmerized; all I could do was stare. They crotch of her panties was soaked with her juices. God how I wanted to taste it! Reality hit when I noticed the waiter returning with our drinks. I quickly stuffed the damp panties into my pocket. I must have turned a hundred shades of red. Did he see?

"Is everything alright here?" the waiter asked.

"Yes, thank you. Everything is fine," I responded. 

As the waiter disappeared I glared across the table at my wife who was now running her stocking covered foot up and down my leg as she sipped her drink. I was still in shock from her little surprise. 

"What are you doing!?"

"They were bothering me. I need to get rid of them," she said as she smiled coyly, gently stroking my cock through my pants with her foot.

My cock with ready to explode with excitement. I need to stop this torture before it was too late. I reached down and started to rub her foot. That's when I noticed her perfect French pedicure. Little hints of pink and white peeking through her sheer black stockings. It was too much. I excused myself and went the restroom to splash some cold water on my face. When I returned, the waiter was just leaving the table from delivering our food.

We sat quietly and ate, my wife playfully rubbing my leg and bulging crotch with her foot. I tried not to think of what was to come as I knew there was a long night ahead of me before we could head home.

****************************

We made the short walk from the restaurant to the theater. All I could think about was getting my sexy wife home. I could have cared less about the show we were going to see. I wanted a private show!

The theater was crowded. We made our way to our seats and settled in. The walk down the street gave my raging hard on time to calm down. I tried to think of other things to keep it from coming back as we waited for the show to begin. Suddenly the lights dimmed, the show was starting. My wife seized the opportunity of total darkness and took my hand which was absent mindedly caressing her leg and shoved it under her skirt. I noticed two things, one, she was dripping wet; two she was bare! She leaned over and whispered "The pedicure wasn't the only thing I had done today. You told me to pamper myself." My cock immediately stiffened and strained against my pants. Thank God the lights are dim I thought to myself.

The night continued with her teasing me throughout the show. Seizing total darkness opportunities between acts to shove my fingers under her short skirt and into her wet pussy, occasionally licking her juices off them before the lights would come back up.

As the show ended, we hurriedly fought our way through the crowd. When we made it outside we practically ran back to our vehicle. The short fifteen minute drive home seemed more like five. We stumbled up the stairs and into the bedroom locked in a feverish embrace the entire way.

"Let me undress you," my wife whispered in my ear.

"God I want to fuck you so bad!"

"Let me undress you," she repeated.

I gave in. Slowly she unbuttoned and removed my shirt. My pants followed but were a bit of a struggle. She kissed every inch of my body stopping briefly to nibble on my cock which was still straining against my boxers. She continued upwards and we locked in a long passionate embrace once again.

She gently pushed me back on the bed. "Don't move," she instructed.

Puzzled, I did as she asked as she opened the bed stand drawer and removed two silk scarves.

"What are those for?" I asked.

"This," she said as she tied me to the bed.

"What are you up to?"

"Just relax and enjoy," she said as she struggled to remove my boxers. I arched my back as she slid them down my legs.

Without saying another word, she devoured my throbbing cock. She worked her magic, slowly taking the entire length into her mouth. Slowly she kissed the entire shaft, nibbling gently on the head as she caressed my balls. I could feel a huge load of cum welling up, getting ready to explode into her waiting mouth. She must have sensed this as my balls tightened and my breathing quickened. She released my cock from her mouth with a loud pop. 

"Not yet," she exclaimed as she straddled over me. "You haven't gotten your treat yet."

As she lowered her pussy to my waiting mouth I could see her sweet as honey juices dripping from her smooth, bald pussy. After one lick, she lifted herself off me. I struggled against my restraints, wanting to pull her back to me. She giggled, "You like that, do you?"

"Baby, give me more of that pussy. You've been teasing me all night! I want you to cum in my mouth! I want to taste more of that sweetness!"

Before she lowered herself back down, she reached into the night stand a pulled out her favorite vibrator. With the flick of a switch, the vibe sprang to life. She once again lowered herself onto my waiting mouth. After a few seconds of my licking and the vibrator buzzing directly on her most sensitive spot she was cumming. A flood of juices covered me as she ground her shaking pussy on my mouth. Without stopping, she continued to pleasure herself with her vibrator as I cleaned up her sweet honey.

"Baby, let me fuck you now!"

She let out a quiet moan as she lifted off me and moved down to my throbbing cock. The positioned the head of it at the entrance of her pussy. I tried to thrust deep into her tight hole, but she moved forward as I tried. Again I struggled against my restraints.

"Just relax," she whispered again.

I did as instructed, letting her have her way with me.

Again, she positioned the head of my cock at the entrance of her pussy. She slowly lowered herself so only the head of my cock was in her pussy. She grabbed her vibrator and positioned it just right on her clit. Within seconds her pussy was contracting violently on the head of my cock. As the last wave of her massive orgasm subsided, she thrust herself down, burying my cock inside her. She leaned forward and kissed me, tasting her pussy on my mouth.

"Fuck, that tastes good," she said as she slowly started to raise and lower herself on my cock.

"Baby, I sorry, but I'm not going to last long," I said as I struggled not to cum right then and there.

"I know, that was my plan," she replied. "Fill me now!"

She reached back and gently caressed my balls as she slowly continued to ride my cock. It was only a matter of seconds before I unleashed a huge load of cum deep in her pussy. I came for what felt like an eternity. I could feel our combined juices leaking out around my still buried cock. She continued to caress my balls and ride my overly sensitive cock after my orgasm subsided.

"Baby, please stop!" I begged as she continued to ride me, my erection not going down.

"Not until you give me another load!"

She knew exactly which buttons to push and when. In a matter of minutes she had me cumming again. Jet after jet of hot cum shot from my cock into her overflowing pussy. She moaned in pure ecstasy as my orgasm ceased and my cock finally began to soften.

We kissed as we both started to come down from the high of what just happened.

"Baby, please untie me now," I begged.

"Not yet. I want to taste...us."

As I gave her a puzzled look, she removed my now limp cock from her swollen overflowing pussy and made her way back up to my mouth. She gently lowered her pussy to me, being carefully not to lose any of cum I had just deposited so deeply into her. Again, the vibrator buzzed to life. I hesitantly began to lick her pussy. I was turned off at first, but as I continued to lick her pussy clean, I began to 'taste us'. It was sweeter than anything I had ever tasted before. She came two more times, each time, a little more of 'us' came out of her pussy. I greedily took it all. When she finally had enough, she lifted herself off me.

"How do we taste," she asked.

"Exquisite!"

She leaned down to try for herself. "Um, you're right...Exquisite!"

She collapsed beside me and snuggled in tight.

"Baby, now with you untie me?" I asked

"No, I think I may want to make some more of 'us' later," she said with a devilish smile.

She reached down and lazily stroked my semi-erect cock. I relaxed, enjoying the sensation and the thoughts of what was to come.

Totally exhausted, we both drifted off to sleep. I was awakened a few hours later by a well fucked pussy being lowered onto my mouth. I started to reach for her but quickly realized I was still tied.

"I'm ready for some more 'us'. Are you?"