 Finally, finally, I was out of high school. I had yearned for this for so many years. Now it was college and on to real life. A career, a steady, serious girlfriend, marriage, children, the whole thing. No more being a kid.

For a month before starting college I visited my sister, Lily, and her husband, Luke, staying with them at their house in Madison.

Lily is my older sister, I'm eighteen, she's twenty-one, her husband is twenty-four. He works the second shift, so Lily and I have our evenings together which is really nice because just as my life is changing so much right now, so is hers, she's five, almost six, months pregnant.

We've always gotten along really well, just the perfect kind of brother and sister, never fought, never really even disagreed on anything.

So, with all these changes going on in our lives, we had lots to talk about.

After dinner, we were sitting at the kitchen table and she was telling me about her pregnancy.

"Well, I'm getting bigger for sure, I think maybe Luke is losing interest in me, you know, physically, it's been a while since, well, you know, any sex."

"Yeah, Sis, I'm old enough to know about that kind of stuff," I said kiddingly. "I might have even done a bit of it myself, you know."

"I wouldn't be surprised, Brenden, you're a nice looking guy. Plenty of girls would want you. You're not starting to resemble a whale like I am."

"Oh, come on, Lily, you are a very pretty woman. Sure your stomach is making room for the baby but come on, you look good."

"Well, Luke says he doesn't want to risk hurting the baby but, I don't know. My doctor says it's fine to have sex, even good for me, really, she did say that, with a wink, if you can believe it. But, Luke doesn't want to. I wonder if he's just turned off."

"I can't imagine that, you're prettier than you've ever been."

"Oh, come on, Brenden, I'm looking rather round in front, hardly Playboy material any more."

"I think you're beautiful pregnant and really sexy."

"Me, sexy, come on, look," and she stands up and pulls up her top and shows me her stomach bulging out but also her bra overflowing with her large breasts.

"If I owned Playboy, you'd be the centerfold."

"Well, if you saw me naked you'd change your mind."

"You're crazy, you're the sexiest you've ever been and that would be pretty sexy, Sis."

"You think I'm sexy? I'm your sister, Brenden, sisters aren't supposed to be sexy."

"Lily, to me, right now, you are the most sexy woman on earth."

"And you would have me in the centerfold of your dreams?"

"I would."

My sister smiled and pulled off her top, reached back and undid her bra, letting it slide off her arms, standing there with the most beautiful breasts I'd ever seen. Magnificent and a bulge underneath that was being revealed as she pulled down her pants and stood there in her panties.

"Might as well, see it all, here's your Playmate of the Month," and she dragged her panties to the floor and kicked them toward me. I picked them up and put them on the table in front of me.

She was glorious. Wavy blond hair to just below her shoulders, light blue eyes, pink lips, smooth, white skin all over her, breasts, well, her breasts were perfect, large, round, even wider than her chest, tipped with large, pink, very erect nipples, her breasts shadowed onto her pregnant stomach below by the lights overhead, a dark brown, curly bush below between her legs.

"Still think so?" she asked.

"Oh, more than ever, Sis. More than ever, god, are you so sexy."

"Well, I must say, you're making me feel desirable, something I haven't felt in a while. I am so horny, Brenden, I just have to ask you something."

"What?"

"Will you fuck me?"

"You really mean that? Me, with you?"

"Yes, don't make me cry, Brenden, please say you will. I am so lonely, I want a man so much. Why not you? We already love and trust each other. Look at me, you say I turn you on? Please?"

I stood up and put my arms around her and kissed my sister in a way unlike I ever had before, like she was my lover. Her hand was down on the front of my pants rubbing me as we kissed and tongued.

I raised back, "We'll have to think of ourselves as lovers not brother and sister. Okay?"

"Why not both, Brenden? I love you and you love me?"

"Yes, yes, you're right," and she led me back to their bedroom and took my clothes off and as she pulled down my briefs, she leaned forward and I watched her pretty lips encircle my cock and begin softly, ever so softly sucking my cock. Oh, it was ecstasy. Her hand was under my balls feeling them gently as she slowly pulled on me with her mouth.

"Oh, Lily, oh, that just feels so good. Just incredible."

She looked up lovingly at me, pulled back, my cock falling slightly as it left her mouth, then bending back toward me and kissing right on the tip.

She then stood up and said, "I really want your cum in my pussy, but, don't worry, I'll suck you off. I do love doing it and I like the feel and taste of your cock in my mouth. But, now, I want you right here," and she took my hand from her breast where I'd been feeling her, down to her pussy and pressed it to her.

She moved onto the bed and spread wide, her pussy so inviting, I just couldn't believe I was about to make love to my sister, my pregnant sister.

"At least we don't have to worry about me getting pregnant," she joked as I crawled up between her legs, my hard cock headed toward my sister's pussy for the first time ever.

I pushed my cock right up to her slit as she moaned, "Mmm, oh, Bren, I am so ready. Put it in, just go ahead, you can't hurt me or the baby, go ahead, I really want you to fuck me," and I pushed my cock right into her all the way up to the base.

"Omigod, oh, is that good. Oh, I can't believe how much I've missed this. Mmm, go nice and slow, ooh, mmm, so good. Oh, my pussy feels so good, mmm, I hope it's good for you, Brenden, I want you to enjoy it, too."

"You were so wet, I just went right in, oh, it feels good to me, too. Wow, my own sister. Why didn't we do this years ago, Sis? God, I was so horny when I was twelve, thirteen, oh, could I have used this back then."

"But you just had a little dick back then, right. Now, oh, now I love it."

"Yeah, why look back, this is wonderful. Really so good."

"And, we have all evening, every evening to be together. I hope you want to, I'll fuck you any time you want. I've missed it so much. It feels so wonderful."

"If you're sure it's not hurting you or the baby, then, sure, I love this, you are so sexy, Lily. I never thought I'd be turned on by a pregnant woman, especially my sister, but it makes me hard as a rock."

"Yes, I can feel just how hard you are, little brother. And, it feels wonderful, so wonderful, I think the baby is going to be shaken around a bit by its mommy's orgasm. Mmm, yeah, oh, just keep doing that, yes, mmm."

I could feel my sister contract around my cock as she began to hump up at me.

"UUUH, UUUH, oh, oh, Brenden, mmm, oh, just keep going, keep fucking me, please, mmm, oh, it's been so long, mmm, oh, oh, cum in me Brenden, give your sister your cum, I want your cum, my brother's cum, oh, I want it so bad."

My sister was so wet and slippery and smooth inside that fucking her felt better than any sex I'd ever had. And, when she pushed her hips up and started circling them around and around, it was all I could handle.

"UHHM, UHHM, UUHM, oh, Lily, oh, I feel so good, you've made me feel so good. Mmm, I still feel hard, do you want me to keep going?"

"Yes, yes, I'm close again, please don't stop now, I'm gonna cum again, just, oooh, oooh, AAAH, AAAH, mmm, mmm, oh, Brenden, you've made me so happy, so very happy. I do love you so much. And in a new way, a wonderful new way. I hope you like it, too."

I kept fucking her, I was still hard, it still felt wonderful, so warm and smooth inside, fitting around my cock so snug and perfect. And, after a while, I gave her more of my cum.

I didn't want to collapse down on her but I did want to keep my dick moving in and out, it just felt so good.

"I love you Brenden, and I want you to know you've made me very, very happy. Come here, so we can snuggle, I want to feel your naked body next to mine."

I reluctantly pulled out of Lily's pussy and moved up into her arms where we kissed in a new way. Her hand was down holding my cock, rubbing it and making me hard again.

"You're getting me hard again, Lily, you know that, right?"

"Better to suck you with my dear," she snickered and she sat up and moved down on her hands and knees as I felt her soft, warm lips surround the tip of my cock and began to gently suck.

Her beautiful butt was up in the air as she sucked me, her pussy tucked between her thighs, glistening with the juices of our recent lovemaking. I reached over and wiped through the wetness as Lily jumped a bit. I ran my fingers up and down along her slit, spreading the moisture, then licking it to see what our combined juices might taste like. Nice.

Then, wanting to keep her company inside, I slipped two fingers inside her and felt around softly rubbing the walls of her vagina.

I was sure learning one thing about my sister, though. She sure knew how to suck a guy's cock. But, with her kneeling on the bed, I really wanted to get up behind her and do her doggie-style. My last girlfriend just loved it that way and it quickly became a favorite of mine as well.

"Can I fuck you again, Lily? You're not too sore are you?"

"I'd love you to fuck me again."

"Well how about doggie-style?"

"Oh, I love you, Brenden, it's my favorite. Just let me rest my head on a pillow. There," and I moved up behind her beautiful butt with her sopping-wet pussy lips just underneath and pressed right into her.

"Uuuuuuuh, oh, Brenden. Mmmm, wonderful."

She knelt on the bed with her head down as I slowly stroked in and out of her, my hands on her butt, each thumb gliding up and down along her pussy lips as my cock went sliding by.

"Oh that rubbing you're doing, god, Brenden, that is so hot, I've just never had that done to my pussy before. Please do it more, it's so wonderful. Incredible."

I continued slowly fucking her from behind and rubbing my thumbs up and down along her swollen labia.

"Just stop fucking me for a minute, Bren, and just rub my pussy lips like you were doing. Mmm, oh, yes. That is so nice. Mmm, I could have you do that forever. It's so sexy and relaxing. And your cock feels good inside me, too. This is just what I need."

I could feel her tensing her pussy muscles around my cock as I rubbed my thumbs alongside her pussy in all the wetness she was making. Then, she started moving her butt around in a circle as I held still inside her.

"Mmm, nice. Feel good to you, Bren?"

"Really good, like I'm about to cum in a minute."

"I'm close, too, it's just so calm but I can tell that I'm really close."

Then, I felt my sister begin to tremble as her moans became almost continuous.

"Oh, oh, it's so good, so good, my pussy feels so good, just nice and slow, Bren, oh, yes, mmm, mmm," then she began jerking and thrusting back at me as I arched forward and my body drained into hers. I kept slowly fucking her even as I felt my cock soften a bit, after such a busy time.

"Mmm, Brenden, will you do this to me every day while you're here?"

"I'd love nothing better, Sis, you are so beautiful and I love you so much."

"Mmm, I love you too, come and kiss me," she asked so I slowly pulled out of her, feeling a bit lonely the second I left the delicious warmth of her body, then got up beside her where we kissed and felt each other happily until we each went to bed separately.

I lay awake thinking of the events of the evening. I couldn't say that I had never looked at my older sister in a sexual way. Sure when I was twelve, thirteen, when she was three years older, come on, I'd be lying if I said I never had dreamed of her naked.

But, never seriously. No, she always had boyfriends and it just never occurred to me that I might stand a chance to ever have sex with her. Until this evening. This evening when she spread her legs open for me for the first time. I lay there in bed, in the guest room afterward, rubbing my dick, thinking of fucking Lily, of her sucking my cock, of me eating her pussy. Especially licking her, oh, the orgasms that gave her, one after the other.

I was hoping that we would continue our sex together. I did love her, of course, I did. And she was beautiful, her womanly curves even more curvy now that her pregnancy shows. Just the thought made me hard. She was gorgeous naked. I never thought that pregnancy would make a woman even more beautiful but it does. And does she crave sex. Unbelievable, more than any girl I've ever been with. 

Would she even acknowledge what we had done when we saw each other in the morning, I wondered? Maybe she regrets everything, just wants to wipe it out of her mind. It could have been just an overwhelming thing on her part, something she just couldn't resist at the time. Maybe in the light of tomorrow, she might regret it all.

I knew I didn't regret it, though. It was the best sex I'd ever had. My own sister. I lay awake reliving every kiss, every suck, every thrust of the evening past. Finally sleep came.

The next morning, Lily and I were more or less back to normal, Luke, her husband, was in bed and it was only after he again left for work in the late afternoon that Lily made any mention of our sex the night before.

"We're alone, now, Brenden. I hope we can take up where we left off yesterday?"

"I'd love it," I said and she was already taking her clothes off and was soon standing there in front of me, reminding me of a statue of Venus but pregnant. She was all sex.

"Well, Brenden? Your clothes?"

"Oh, sorry, just...well, you look so wonderful," and I practically shredded my clothes getting naked to embrace and kiss and feel my sister's voluptuous body standing before me, ready for our bodies to rejoin in love.

"Hurry, Brenden, I've been waiting all day, I want you so bad," and she grabbed my hand and pulled me down the hall to her bedroom and got up on the bed, spreading her legs wide, welcoming me into her.

"Would you like me to give you oral sex first, you really liked that yesterday?"

"Oh, Brenden, I liked everything yesterday. Yes, just don't wait, I'm so ready," and I climbed up between her legs and began to lick the abundant wetness she had for me.

"Yes, oh, that's wonderful, oh, you make me feel so sexy, so wanted. Mmm, oh, that's so good, just keep doing it."

I licked and tongued her until she erupted into a wonderful release, just thrusting her pussy at my mouth over and over, telling me how good it felt and how much she loved me.

"Are you ready to make love or do you want to rest a bit," I asked her.

"Oh, I can't wait, just fuck me, I've got to have you inside me," and she pulled me up between her legs, then stopped me.

"No, no, I want to be on top, I just want to fuck you wild," and she had me take her place on the bed and got up over me as I held my dick up for her to slide down on.

"Mmm, that's what I want, a good, hard cock," and she began cycling up and down over me as I rubbed her breasts.

"It's all I want to do, just fuck and fuck and fuck. I guess it's my hormones but I'm just super-horny all the time. Am I glad you're here, Brenden, with your nice, hard cock. You're sure making your sister happy."

"I'm happy, too, I just never thought we'd ever be doing something like this."

"Well, we are, just don't ever tell Mom and Dad," and we both laughed but we kept fucking and enjoying every second of it.

Lily and I fucked every day until I finally had to leave to go to school. It was the happiest I've ever been and since then, we e-mail and text some stuff that we sure wouldn't want our parents to see.

I do visit my sister more than I used to, we've developed a new closeness as I'm sure you can imagine. We're so close that we actually become physically connected as much as we can.

The baby was a boy, she named it Brenden and has asked me to be the father of her next. We try every time I visit. Lots and lots.