 It was a Thursday night and my mind was tired. I had spent the day teaching back-to-back lecture courses and I was looking forward to a quiet night of reading at the coffee house around the corner from my loft. I looked at the stack of books and articles I needed to get through for my research, but instead grabbed a novel I was two-thirds through. Research can wait until tomorrow. 

It was my first year as a professor and I was new in town. With some inheritance money I had enough for a down payment on a loft in a gentrifying downtown neighborhood. The neighborhood had several upscale bars, decent restaurants and cozy coffee houses that didn't seem to mind if you parked there for an entire day or evening. It was a nice life. I taught classes on topics that I found interesting and was able to enjoy a decent nightlife.

The coffee house I went to roasted its own beans and was open late. The evening crowd was a combination of downtown hipsters, a few students semi-productively studying, and regulars who lived in the growing collection of apartments, condos and lofts that were sprouting up throughout the neighborhood.

I walked in and it was fairly empty. Dan was working behind the counter and he immediately poured me a cup of decaf before I could even reach the counter. I laughed. It was good to know I was recognized, even if it was by the barista that I see three to four times a week. I grabbed the coffee and headed to my favorite quiet corner that was thankfully free. I sat down and started to read.

Non-descript jazz was playing on the stereo, muting the conversations around me. One group, sitting on the other side of a planter, was having a heated debate about some office politics. I couldn't quite make out what it was about exactly, but the blonde woman still in business attire had obviously felt aggrieved. I tried to go back to my reading, but was easily distracted as customers came and went.

The CD changed and some strange Icelandic electronica music started to play. The door opened and Julia walked in. Julia was a student of mine. She was enrolled in my Tuesday afternoon senior seminar. We were only four weeks into the semester, but she had already made a strong impression on me. She was from a coal mining town in West Virginia and her experience watching her town struggle through continuous bouts of environmental destruction had pushed her to be an outspoken advocate against mountain top removal. She was tall and thin with a strong jaw and she often wore a beat up cowboy hat to class. She was the type of student that makes an impression. She was also smart. Her understanding of the readings far outpaced her fellow students and the written work that I had seen was well crafted and insightful.

Tonight she wore her cowboy hat with her dark hair pulled back into a short pony tail. The rest of her attire seemed haphazardly put together—some yoga pants, a pair of worn running shoes, and a white v-neck t-shirt. You could see the pink outline of her bra underneath the material. She ordered a coffee, grabbed it and started to walk over toward my corner. Without noticing me she sat down in the chair adjacent to me and pulled out the reading for next week's class. It was then that she noticed me smiling at her. She gave a startled look and then broke into a big grin.

"Professor Speck!"

"I was wondering if you were going to notice me." I said.

"Oh my god," she said, "I was going to spend the night here reading for next week's class."

"Don't let me stop you."

Noticing my book she asked, "What are you reading?"

I held up the cover, "Trying to stay current on today's culture."

She smiled and there was a brief awkward silence. Then the conversation began to flow. We talked about reading in my class, possible topics for her paper, my research. Eventually the conversation started to get more personal. How I liked the university. Her experiences in West Virginia. Why she chose her major. Whether I was dating anyone. Where I lived. Neither of us got any reading done and eventually chairs were being put on tables and it was clear they were nudging us out the door. We packed up our things and walked out together.

"It was nice talking to you," I said within earshot of Dan, "I will see you in class on Tuesday?"

"Yes," she said. "It was great talking to you too. It is nice to see the person behind the professor."

We awkwardly shook hands and walked off in opposite directions.

When I got to my place my hand was physically shaking as I tried to hold the key to unlock the door. I just had the best conversation I've had since arriving here and I knew that I could do nothing about it. I had had a professor crush on Julia since the first day of the semester and tonight we were practically on a date. It was an impromptu encounter, but everything about it felt like a first date. I walked inside and tossed the book down on the front table. The doorbell rang and my heart froze.

I opened the door and Julia was standing there, looking behind her shoulder nervously.

"I'm sorry, you were talking about where you lived and I always wondered what it was like inside these places and was wondering if I could come in," she rambled. I hadn't noticed her thick red lipstick in the coffee shop. 

"Sure." 

She stepped inside and I closed the door behind her. Neither of us really knew what to do next.

"This is the foyer," I began and she threw her arms around my neck pressed her lips against mine. The kiss was clumsy and when we pulled away from each other I half expected to see a look of shock on her face. I knew I hadn't initiated the kiss, but in the moment it is never clear how things are going to be interpreted. Instead I was greeted with her deep brown eyes and her impish grin before she grabbed the back of my head, pulled me to her and kissed me with aggressive abandon, her tongue reaching toward my back molars. Her body pressed against mine and I could feel her firm breast against my chest. I pulled her further into my loft. 

We stumbled toward the couch, our lips and tongues not separating, our arms locked tightly around each other. I sat back and pulled her on top of me. The pressure of her crotch was pressing against my hardening cock. Feeling it she began to grind her hips against me.

She pulled up and looked at me, "I've been wanting to do this since the day I heard they had hired you. Did you know I was at your job talk?"

"I don't remember that much from that day," and I went back in for another kiss, knocking her cowboy hat off.

Julia was a fabulous kisser. Her tongue was playful in how it darted in and out of my mouth. She took time to suck on my lower lip and would occasionally wander to my earlobes where she would meticulously lick and suck. I wondered if this would stay a makeout session when I felt her hand move down toward my cock. 

"Mmm, feels big. May I see it?" she asked with an innocent smile. Before I could answer she was undoing my belt and unbuttoning my jeans. My dick cooperated by popping through the fly in my boxers. "He looks happy to see me!"

She reached down and grabbed it and began giving my cock long deliberate strokes. I thrust my hips in approval. Next her lips joined her hands and she began working on my dick with her tongue and mouth with the same enthusiasm as she had my mouth and ears earlier. She pulled my pants and boxers off completely, took me into her mouth and then slowly swallowed my shaft down to the base. Her right hand cupped my balls. I could feel my tip pressing up against the back of her throat. She slowly pulled her head up and then pushed back down to the base. I pulled my shirt off over my head.

She began running her tongue up and down the shaft, circling and flicking the tip and then working back down. Her tongue moved to my balls where she slowly ran her tongue over my shaved sack. 

"Mmm, nice and smooth," she said between licks. She could thank my last girlfriend who insisted on proper manscaping.

Her hands reached around and cupped my ass as I ground my hips in approval. She playfully continued to suck and lick and stroke moving from the base of my balls up to my dripping tip and back down again. As she sucked I moaned in pleasure. She pulled up and looked at me. The only clothing she had shed was her cowboy hat and there I was sprawled completely naked in front of her. 

"Look at you. Totally naked and me still clothed," she said.

"It hardly seems fair."

"No." She stood up and reached down to pull her shirt over her head. Her breasts held firmly in place in a padded cotton bra that was clearly designed to accentuate the cleavage. She reached down pulled down her yoga pants revealing a matching thong to go along with her bra. The wet fabric of her panty clinging to the outline of her cunt's lips. Her body was tanned and fit.

She began to move toward me, reaching back and unsnapping her bra on the way. She pushed me back down onto the couch and threw her leg over my torso, straddling my abdomen as I lay flat on my chest. Her left hand reached back to grab my cock while her right steadied herself on my chest.

"I've been wanting to do this since the beginning of the semester," she said. "I think the reason I participate so much in class is because when I don't my mind wanders off into some deprived fantasy."

"Seriously?"

"Oh yeah. And don't think I'm the only one. I can see it on some of the other girls' faces and a couple of the guys too." She winked.

I couldn't hold back and I reached for her ass and pulled her crotch toward my mouth. Her hand let go of my dick to pull the fabric away from her pussy, revealing a nicely trimmed landing strip. Her clit protruded from between her lips and I hungrily smothered it with my tongue. She re-positioned herself to fully position herself over my mouth and tongue, steadying herself on the armrests of the couch. I circled her clit with my tongue and then pushed it as deep into her as possible. Julia let out a long moan as she ground her hips onto my face. Looking up I could see her massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples, awash in ecstasy. My hands clinched each one of her ass cheeks, helping her hit the right rhythm. 

Julia tasted great. Her juices, now amply running down my chin, were almost sweet. I continued to lick and suck and she continued to moan and grind. Her body started to clinch as she pressed her cunt hard onto my mouth, the stubble of her pubic hair scratching my nose. Soon I could feel the inner walls of her pussy vibrate as her orgasm overtook her. She let out a high pitched scream. The orgasm subsided and she collapsed over the couch's armrest. 

"Wow," Julia said with her body strewn over me. She wiggled herself down so that her whole body was pressed against mine. My dick pressed against the fabric of her panties, which had snapped back over pussy. She bent her head toward me and kissed me, my mouth still covered with her juices. Her tongue slowly licked around my mouth and chin, lapping up her taste. I could feel her breasts pressed against my chest as her hips started to grind against my throbbing hard dick.

"When I followed you I promised myself I wouldn't fuck you," Julia said quietly. "Maybe a kiss, maybe a hand job. But when I saw your dick I just had to suck it and now I just need you inside me." She lifted her hips up and I reached down and pulled her panties down. She pulled herself up onto her knees and pushed them down to her ankles and onto the floor. Totally naked she reached down for my dick with her right hand and then lowered herself onto me. With one thrust I was inside her.

She placed her hands on my chest and began to slowly fuck me pulling herself up to my tip and then pushing herself down to my base. I reached behind her with a hand on each ass cheek. She leaned down giving me her left breast to suck. I sucked it as far into my mouth as it would go. Looking up at her I could see she was totally lost in sexual ecstasy. We continued in a slow rhythm and again I could feel the walls of her pussy clinch, this time around my dick, and she began to cum again. The high pitch scream once again accompanied her orgasm. 

"God, I've cum twice and you are still going," Julia exclaimed. "I really need to get away from college guys." I laughed and sat up, my dick still engulfed in her wet cunt and her legs wrapped tightly around me. 

"Well, how have you fantasized about making me cum?"

"Mmm, in class I always think about sucking your cock and swallowing your cum. I think about doing it just before class and your taste in my mouth the whole session."

While she was talking she was grinding and while she was grinding and telling me how much she wanted my taste in my mouth I could feel my resistance weakening.

"Well, now is your chance." She smiled and climbed off of me getting down on her knees while I sat naked on the couch, my dick protruding out toward her. She quickly took it into her mouth and swallowed it to the base. Her hands reached around and grabbed my ass as her head bobbed up and down. Her hand kept reaching and next I felt her finger pressing down on my asshole. I couldn't hold back and my cum started to drain into her mouth. I could feel her throat contract as she was swallowing it down. I collapsed back and she climbed up next to me, her hand on my softening dick. A slight drip of my cum was on the corner of her mouth. She reached over and kissed me. Her tongue was salty and to show her how hot I thought this all was I licked the drip of semen off her mouth. 

"As good as the fantasy?' I asked.

"Better." She said with a big smile. We sat there for awhile until she said, "Well, I have some homework to do. I have a professor that assigns way too much reading."

She gathered her clothes, got dressed, and headed out the door. I sat there on the couch, still naked, thinking about what possibilities of other encounters might be in my future.