 I knew we would end up here. From the moment we laid eyes on each other at the bar. I once read that you can tell in the first 5 minutes of meeting someone whether or not you want to sleep with them. I never gave it much thought but with him I knew it in the first 5 seconds.

We sat in silence in the cab. We did not touch, nor look at each other, and now as he follows me into the kitchen and I offer him a drink the air is electric. He leans against the bench and pulls me to him, his hands caressing my waist. My eyes are on his lips, full and soft and I can see he is watching mine, aching to kiss me. 

My hands move up his firm stomach, over his chest and around his neck, my fingers running through his hair. I slowly part my lips with my tongue and hear a groan escape from his throat. I pull him into me and gently suck on his bottom lip, softly grazing it with my teeth. I pull away and cheekily look up at him before going back for more. I trace my tongue over his lips and he groans, pulling me in tighter. I lose my breath as he crushes his lips against mine, our tongues hungrily exploring each other’s mouths. His hands move down to cradle my ass, lifting me off the ground and grinding me against him. He is rock hard and it turns me on seeing how much he wants me.

I unbutton his shirt exposing his beautiful soft chest and then remove my own top. He looks at my breasts as though he has never seen anything like them and his hands cannot get to them fast enough. He kneads them with his palms and rubs my nipples which stand up quickly under his touch. I whisper for him to squeeze harder as he buries his head in my neck and kisses it, his teeth nipping at the sensitive flesh.

I rub his hard cock through his pants and feel myself getting wet as I picture it sliding into me. He reaches down to lift my skirt and is surprised to find I have no underwear on, pleased about the easy access. His hands cradle my ass, lifting me slightly and grinding me against him. ”Oh fuck “, He swears under his breath as he feels my wetness. I ask him if he likes what he feels and he cannot talk but answers by pushing his hot , urgent tongue in my mouth and sliding a finger inside me. The heat is rushes through my body and I have to pull away before I completely lose control.

I take his hands and place them either side of him on the bench. Slowly I remove the rest of my clothes and then his, our eyes locked together. He is proud of his erection looking down at it then back to me, as if to show me how big it is. I hold his hands to the bench so he can concentrate only on what I am doing to him. My lips move down his neck to his chest, detouring only to bite his firm nipples. With my hot breath on his stomach and my breasts brushing against his hardness I feel him try to reach for me but I hold his hands tight. I run my tongue up and down his shaft before taking his smooth head in my mouth and sucking it like a lollipop, flicking my tongue under its ridge. I let go of his hands and they intertwine through my hair as I take him further into my mouth. He gently guides my head as I suck him, harder and faster. He lets me suck him until he ready to come then pulls me up to him and spins me around, leaning me over the bench. He kisses my back as he rubs his cock against my clit and it feels so good I can hardly breath. He tries to tease me by inserting just the head of his dick into me and massaging my swollen clit but it is too much to bear I buck against him, forcing him deep inside me. He is taken by surprise as he feels his orgasm rising but knows I am ready as I whisper “Go baby “. He thrusts hard inside, never letting go of my clit and we both cry out as we come hard and fast, clinging to each other.

He pulls out and tells me as I turn around that he wished he could have held on longer, that he could have fucked me forever. “Honey the night has only just begun” I whisper in his ear as I take his hand and lead him upstairs.

He follows me into the bathroom and sits on the little chair by the door. I lean across the bath and turn on the taps aware that my pussy is poking out towards him. I don’t need to turn around to see that he is staring at it hungrily. I sit on the edge of the bath facing him. My feel in the hot water gives me goose bumps all over and my nipples stiffen. I open my legs wide as he watches me finger my clit, feeling myself getting wet again. I close my eyes as I put on my little show for him opening them again to see him climbing into the hot bath. I take my hand away and open my legs wider for him as he says, “Baby I need to taste you”. He lifts his hands and trickles hot water over my thighs and down my pussy making me squirm and grip onto the sides of the bath. As his head comes nearer I see his tongue come out and lap at my clit sending heat waves through my body. His tongue pushes inside me and he grabs my hips forcing me onto his face as he probes it in and out. My moans echo in the bathroom and the water lapes at my calves as I rock in pleasure. He lays back in the water and motions for me to straddle his face. The contrast of his hot tongue on my pussy, the water around my legs and the cold tiles against my nipples is exquisite and I come, quivering into his mouth. “Did you like that baby?” he asks with a knowing smile as I lie back into the water. “Come here. I haven’t finished with you” he orders and pulls me on top of him. I feel his erection flat against his stomach and I rub it with my pussy as he slides a finger into my ass. I pay him back by slamming down onto his rock hard cock and gripping him hard with my muscles, riding him up and down. 

“Fuck you are so sexy”, He says into my mouth as I kiss him and scrape my fingernails down his back. The water slows us down as we try to fuck harder and faster so he lifts us out of the bath, still inside me and puts me down on the edge of the basin. He thrusts deep into me, then pulls right out and slams back in again. I put my hand between us so I can feel him, hard and wet from my juices. I touch myself with one hand and stroke him with the other as he dives in and out then I lean back against the wall and lift my legs, resting them on his shoulders. This allows him to push deeper inside me and he groans in ecstasy. “ I love fucking you, he says as he looks down at himself sliding into me. He uses his thumb to play with my clit, and I feel the waves hit me, bringing me to a screaming orgasm. He stops to watch me writhing from his touch, my legs pulling him in to me. As my body calms he pulls out and I see his big gleaming cock standing straight up. “I want to see you stoke it”, I tell him and lead him into my bedroom.

I lie back against the soft pillows and spread my legs as he kneels before me. He takes some juice from my glistening pussy and moistens his cock before curling his fingers around it and stroking slowly from the base all the way over the head. My eyes widen as I see him masturbate. He is so big and hard and seeing him touch himself is so sexy. He knows exactly what he is doing and I tell by his breathing he is close to coming. I turn around on all fours and push my pussy towards his face. He sucks on my clit and I reach under me to take over pumping his cock. He thrusts into my hand just long enough for the come to rise from his balls then pulls me down on to him, exploding inside me, biting down on the back of my neck. We lie down with him still inside me, cradling me from behind. I can tell he is spent but I am not yet done so I stroke myself slowly, right on my aching clit. “That’s right baby”, he whispers in my ear, “Come for me”. I start to shudder from my own touch and he helps me by sliding a finger in my ass. The feeling is incredible, his cock in my pussy, his finger working my ass and me stoking my clit. I come violently, bucking against him, crying out in pleasure.

When I am done I roll onto my back and he lies on top of me, kissing me slowly then laying his head on my chest. I think again of that five minute rule and smile to myself, promising to remember it for next time. “Believe all that you read”, I whisper to myself as I once again feel him stiffen beneath me.