 "Do you want to fuck my mouth?" I ask you looking up at you with wide eyes and wet lips, your cock trembles against my open mouth.

"Oh, yeah," you say thrusting forward as I wrap my lips like a sheath around your hardness. And I know you, in this moment, intimately. 

But when I met you, it was your hands I knew first. 

I was vacationing alone, in Mexico and after a breakfast of melons, kiwi and hot tea; I walked down to the beach. A little ways down from my hotel there were horses you could pay to ride. I wanted to ride, but I'd been thrown from a horse a few years earlier and hadn't gotten over my fear. But the sand was so pretty, and the ocean's blues and greens were rushing and crashing over my bare feet, and the horses looked so strong and friendly, that I walked over to them and to you. I was standing on the edge, leaning on the little fence, wanting to ride, but still afraid. 

Then you were there before me. "Do you want to ride, beautiful lady?" you asked. I noticed your hands holding the reins to a fine brown mare, strong hands gripping the reins, hands that were sure and experienced. I wanted to know those hands.

I smiled. "I do, but I'm afraid," I admitted. I reached out to pet the horse. She nickered at me, a warm greeting. I laughed.

"She likes you," you said, "I can tell." your free hand caught mine up. Your hand gripping mine, sure and capable. "I could ride with you," you said, it was an offering. 

"Yes," I said. "I'd like that." I was excited in that dizzy kind of fearful way. 

You helped me up onto her; your hands grazed my bare legs. Mmm. Calming me. "Her name is Dulce," you said. "It means 'sweet'." Then you climbed up behind me, wrapped your arms around me and you grasped the reins. You led Dulce down the beach and away from the crowds. 

We went slowly at first. The sun was falling across the air and glistening on all the sand. My hair was blowing in front of my face, blonde streaks and waves cutting through my vision. The ocean breeze was fresh and cool on my sun-warmed skin. I felt my nipples growing hard beneath my cotton t-shirt. I noticed my white gauzy skirt was hitched up quite high on my thighs. The saddle was hard beneath me and as we bounced along, the hard leather pushed against me in just the right places. I could feel my clit rubbing against the front of the saddle where my hands gripped the horn. You shook the reins a little and Dulce increased her pace. "Oh," I exclaimed, falling back against you, gripping the horn tighter, trying to adjust to the new cadence. We were past most of the people now, and the beach felt like it was becoming my beach or maybe ours. I hadn't felt so carefree, so lost in the moment, in a long time. 

You urged me to take the reins with your hands. I wasn't sure, but somehow I trusted you and I took them anyway. I felt your hands move to my waist, holding me steadily until you felt me relax beneath your grip. I felt your breath behind my ear, your mouth, lips in my hair, whispering to me- the voice of Apollo. 

"Like that," you said, "relax, yes, that's it." Your masculine voice soothed me. 

Your body was strong and hard behind me, I leaned back on you. One of your arms wrapped around my waist. Your other hand traced my tanned thigh. Your calloused fingertips sent shocks through my body like tiny earthquakes. Fingertips tracing down to my knee and then back up closer and closer to my wet cunt. Oh, God, I was getting so hot. I'd closed myself off from these feelings for so long; I now craved their delicious grasp more than anything. "Keep going," I thought. Your fingers were filled with music and as you touched me it traveled into my blood coaxing me along. I leaned back further into you, into your rhapsody.

"That's it," you whispered. 

I felt you growing hard behind me. Your cock pushing into my ass and my back. Oh, God, you felt so good, so hard, so big. I was wet like the oceans. Your hand slid under my skirt and into my wet panties. I heard you groan. 

"Oh, yes," you whisper in my ear. "So, soft, and wet." your fingertip grazed my clit and I pushed back into you, moaning. You knew what to do. Circling my clit with one finger, you slid another into my wet swollen cunt. Oh, God, the desire lifts me up and crashes through me. 

Your other arm is around my waist. That hand sliding under my t-shirt and pushing my bra up over my tits, then cupping my breast and squeezing, then playing with my hard nipple between your thumb and forefinger. Oh, fuck. This is my heaven. 

I cum for the first time with you like that, on that beach, with your finger up my cunt and one caressing my clit, and your other hand kneading my breast. Riding down the beach, in the sun, with the waves crashing in, like my climax crashes through me with you behind me so hard and strong and sure. Whispering in my ear, "this is just the beginning." and I am wanting more, needing more. 

You turn Dulce away from the beach and we ride over some large dunes and into others until we are secluded from the rest of the world. Dulce stops. Your finger wet with my juices is in my mouth. I lick it and my tongue swirls around you. 

I'm thinking about my mouth being on another part of you. The part that's pushed hard against my ass and back. You climb down smoothly and reach up to help me off. I pull my leg over Dulce and with one of your hands cupping my cunt, you help me down. I pull off my shirt and bra, slide off my skirt and panties. You stare at me. Admire me. I reach for your hands. I love those hands. I take them in mine and put them in my hair. Then I lower myself down to my knees, unzipping your shorts, letting them fall to the sand, your naked beneath, and your big cock is waving and pumping before my face, gorgeous in the sun. Your hands are edging my mouth forward toward your beautiful cock. I grip it with one hand; my other resting on your ass, there is pre-cum on the tip. I stick out my tongue and lick it up. Flicking it, just there at the tip. You moan and grip my hair tighter. 

Slowly, I wrap my lips around your big cock, slowly twirling my tongue around the head as I take you in my mouth. You taste salty and sweet like the ocean. I like it. Slowly taking you in until your cock head hits the back of my throat, I hum, feeling the vibrations shooting through you, slow and steady, my song to you. You like it. I can tell. You thrust forward, pushing your cock further back down my throat. I'm gagging, but I hold on. I pull my mouth off of you trying to catch my breath. You're hard and wet and glistening in the sun. You look grand. I slide my tongue up and down the underside of your cock and pump you, then tease your handsome purple head. 

"Do you want me to suck your cock?" I ask you. I know the answer but the question is for your benefit. You smooth my hair back from my face. 

You groan. "God, yes." 

"Do you want to fuck my mouth?" I ask you looking up at you with wide eyes and wet lips, your cock trembles against my open mouth. 

"Oh, yeah," you say thrusting forward as I wrap my lips like a sheath around your hardness. And I know you, in this moment, intimately. 

You start plunging in and out of my mouth. Hands in my hair. Thrusting hard. You pull out and hit my face with your cock. I like it. I will let you take me. I silently wish for you to do more. This dance. This rapture. It is getting me off too. You push your cock back into my mouth, fucking me, making me gag, hitting the back of my throat, pushing my head down, then out again, smacking my face, I'm looking up at you, pleading "more, more," back in my mouth again, sliding, smooth, tight, sucking, pulling, wet, pressure, vibration, you're so hard, every muscle on your body tight, your ass is clenching now, you are about to cum, I fall into you fucking my mouth, I'm your slut, yes, fuck me like that, baby, do it, please, your fucking me like that is making me so wet, I'm going to cum too, you arch up on your feet, cock thrusting back down my throat, then exploding there, cum shooting down my throat, I'm swallowing, oh, God, and then I'm over the edge, cumming too, fuck, yeah, oh, shit, yes, now, I'm swallowing your load and cumming and cumming, getting off like the little whore I am free to be, here in this place with you. 

Your beautiful hands release my hair, resting gently on my head now. I feel you growing softer in my mouth but still I don't move, not until you're ready. After a few minutes, you pull out from me and I lick you clean. We are part of nature, the sand and the wind, and the ocean, and there is no one else but us. You sit down beside me. Your beautiful hand takes mine. You pull me back down on the sand with you. I'm resting my head on your bronzed shoulder. The sun slides beneath some wispy clouds. I shiver. Your hand cups my breast and rubs my nipple making it hard again. A moan escapes my lips.

I'm thinking of how I'm going to cum with you the next time. I'm thinking of how your hands knew me like I was a part of you. I pull the fingers of your other hand to my mouth and slowly suck on them. Pleasure. Sweet. Sweet. These hands, your hands, have touched me in ways that will forever grace my memories, and I vow that they will touch me again, soon.