 Continues the story of my time with Molly in "I Love It When They Come Back Part 1.

***

School in my town ends in June-usually the third week, depending on snow days. The last five days are final exams-half days with time for the students to study in the afternoon and for the teachers to grade and finish things up for the year. Some days, I don't have exams, and attendance is not mandatory. Usually, that means extra time fishing...

On the last full day of school, however, I got a series of texts from Molly that brought an immediate smile to my face and an immediate stiffening to my cock. The first was a shot of the Starbucks where we had met before. The second was an iced coffee glistening with condensation on a table. The third was a wider shot of the same thing, but I recognized the scene-the bluestone patio at her father's house. The patio where she swallowed my sperm without hesitation. The patio where I licked her clit until she exploded. She patio where she wrapped her legs around me and urged me to cum inside her...yeah, that patio!

The final text had no image-just the words "do you have any days with no exams?"

A quick look at the calendar said I had two different choices: Wednesday or Friday. A quick look at the Weather Channel app told me that Friday would be blistering hot, but Wednesday was supposed to be sunny and in the 70's. Easy choice! Sadly, consulting my conscience was not part of my thinking process any more than it had been the month before. 

My fingers quickly tapped out "Wednesday looks clear...does that work for you?"

Her answer was quick-"Starbucks 10:00 am" with a winking emoji.

"Perfect" was my response. My heart pounding with excitement, I smiled, plugged my phone into its charger and got back to work.

The next day crawled by. I gave exams. I graded exams. I drove home and acted normally. Tuesday night, I had a hard time falling asleep-images of Molly's nude body in the sunlight flashed across my mind. On Wednesday morning, I showered most carefully, shaved my chin smooth, and put on teacher clothes. I left at my usual time (5:45) to beat the traffic-just another day, right?

At work, though, my thoughts were entirely scattered. I stayed for part of the morning to make my presence known, but I had no real obligations, which was good because I couldn't hold a single thought besides getting Molly alone on that patio again! At 9:30, I quietly grabbed my phone and left without a word-other people were giving exams, grading, or just chatting. My cock was hard in my pants as I drove away from school and headed to Starbucks just a few miles away.

At 9:40, my phone dinged. At the next light, I opened the text. "Never mind Starbucks. Come to the house!" with a smiling devil emoji. God, that made me horny! With a few quick turns, I was headed for her father's house on the shore.

Ding. Another text. No words this time-just a selfie of Molly on that same couch on the patio. Her lips were parted and smiling, her eyes were intense, and her breasts...holy shit! She was nude as far as I could see, and there was an iced coffee nestled between her full, beautiful, tits! My foot went down harder on the accelerator as I drove the twisty roads toward the house.

I parked outside the garage, crossed to the door, and knocked quietly, almost breathless with anticipation. Molly peeked around the door as she opened it a crack, her auburn hair falling to her bare shoulder. She smiled and reached out to pull me quickly inside. There, in the cool darkness of the hallway, she kissed me passionately without a word, her luscious bare breasts pressed against me, her belly warm against mine. My hands caressed the smooth, firm skin of this 19-year old former student from her arms to her thighs, traveling every curve of her back, hips, sides, and ass as our tongues played flickering games.

Finally, she broke the kiss, leaned back a little bit, and smirked. "Damn...you'll do anything for an iced coffee, won't you?"

"Yup. Looks like you caught me again...what are you going to do with me this time?"

She didn't answer. Instead, she took my hand and led me through to the back of the house. The french doors were open, and the sheer curtains waved in the breeze of the doorway. She took me to the table, grabbed the iced coffee, and put it once again between her breasts, posing a step away from me. "Want some?" she asked with that same smirk.

"You know I do!"

With that, I grabbed the iced coffee, took a big sip, put it down, and then clamped my lips around her nipple. The icy cold made her gasp, but when I switched to the other one, she grabbed my head and pulled me into herself. After another moment, she pulled away from me again.

"You are wearing entirely too many clothes right now-is that any way to treat a sexy naked woman who bought you an iced coffee?" 

"You're right, Molly," I said, happy to play along. "You caught me fair and square, and I should be more respectful." With fingers that trembled with excitement, I stripped off my shirt, shoes, and socks, then unbuckled my belt and dropped pants and boxers in one swift movement. As I stood up, my cock slapped against my belly, "Is that better?" I asked, returning her smirk.

"Much better. Last time, I was showing you how much I appreciated all the things that you did for me when I was in high school. This time, I want to show you what I've learned since then!"

Molly kissed me once, then moved to stand behind me. Her lips nuzzled my neck, and her hands roamed from my chest down across my abs, then down to my thighs as far as she could reach. Her breasts were soft against my back. When her hands started to rise, one stopped to gently cup my balls, and the other wrapped around my shaft with her thumb on top. With a firm grip, she tugged on my cock, milking a few drops of precum and then spreading it evenly to let her hand slide up and down. While she did this, I was savoring the feeling of her body against mine as much as what her hands were doing.

"Let's go inside this time," Molly whispered in my ear. 

I nodded agreement, and she released my cock and grabbed my hand. We padded on bare feet across the cool hardwood floors, down the hall to the master bedroom. It, too, had french doors and waving sheer curtains, and it looked down toward the water. Dominating the room was a king-sized bed with tall, curving head and foot boards. The covers were pulled down to expose crisp white sheets and rumpled pillows. 

"I slept here last night," said Molly. "I was in that bed, touching myself and thinking about everything that I wanted to do with you when you got here."

"I wish I'd been there!" I told her with a smile.

"You're here now. Sit over there," she said, pointing to the foot of the bed. I leaned back against the smooth grain of the footboard. She scooted up to the head of the bed, propped some pillows behind her, and looked right at me. Leaning back, she cupped her breasts, her thumb and forefinger centered on each nipple. 

"I started thinking about how you sucked my nipples," she said. "I pinched them, I pulled them like you did, and I squeezed my whole boob the way you did when I was on top of you." Her hands matched her words, and I watched her nipples tighten up under the attention.

"I wanted you here with me last night...I knew you were coming over today, but I was so fucking horny thinking about you that I had to do something...I play with my boobs until I started to get wet, just like I am now. I even licked my own nipples!" She demonstrated that move as well.

She went on: "When I couldn't stand it any more, I spread my legs really wide like this, and I rubbed up and down my pussy until my fingers were slippery. I kept sucking them too, because I like the way I tasted when we kissed after you made me cum..."

My attention was riveted on her fingers and on her voice. My hand traveled to my cock mindlessly, stroking easily to the incredible sight before me. She sucked those two fingers deeply into her mouth, tongue swirling, and then returned to her pussy.

"Then I started thinking about how you fucked me with your fingers, and I started going like this," she said, curling her digits inside herself in a steady rhythm. "I did that for a long time, and then I started rubbing my clit a little, too." Her fingertips made gentle circles at the base of her mound. 

"I was remembering how you sucked my clit right before I came, and I was getting hotter and hotter, and I started rubbing my clit harder and pushing my fingers all the way inside, and I was so fucking wet and my clit felt so good and I was thinking about you fucking me and cumming inside me and kissing me and holding me and I just kept going until I was so wet and so horny that I could fit three fingers into my pussy, and I fucked myself like you did and I came...so...fucking...hard..." 

All this was said breathlessly and her speech grew faster and faster as she pleasured herself until she gasped out those final words, her hips arching up off the bed to meet her driving fingers, three of them now in a tight bundle, pushing full length into her bare pussy with every gasped group of words. Her eyes were closed tightly.

When she said "hard..." she jammed her fingers in as deeply as she could, holding her breath while her hand flew across her clit and then froze, every muscle rigid with pleasure. I could almost see the waves of orgasm washing over her. Her thighs and stomach trembled. Her chest flushed, and her back arched in time to the unstoppable contractions of her core.

After almost 30 seconds, she collapsed back on the pillows. She pulled her fingers from her pussy and licked them carefully, looking at me all the while. 

"Just like that!" she said.

My cock was drooling precum-I couldn't remember ever being so turned on! 

"Fuck, Molly-that was so hot!" I said, stroking my cock some more.

"Don't waste that," she said. "I have more to show you! Move down to the middle."

I complied, lying full length in the middle of the bed. Molly turned herself around, grabbed my cock, and swirled her tongue around the head over and over. All the while, she was sucking as hard as she could. Her slippery fingers slid lightly up and down my shaft.

My eyes were closing in bliss, but opened again when I felt her move toward me. I thought for a moment she was going to straddle me and get into a 69 position, but she stopped short of that, kneeling beside me. She kissed me deeply, licked my lips, and then turned to face my feet. 

"I can take you a lot deeper this way," she said huskily. Her mouth went back to my cock, and she sank all the way down until her nose was touching my balls. The heat and tightness of her mouth was incredible, and words can't describe the feeling when my cock slipped past her tonsils and into the constriction of her throat. She held me there for a moment, moving her head from side to side, and then came up for air. 

"Oh, God, Molly...that feels sooooo good!"

"Good," she said. "Now let's see how long you can last!"

Over and over, she sank my cock deep into her mouth. Every few strokes, she would pause and lash the head with her tongue, bobbing up and down while sucking hard. I could feel my load rising, so to divert myself, I put my right hand on her head and reached up to her ass with my left. After admiring the smooth, taut curve of her hips, I let my fingers explore further. I ran them along her slippery pussy, getting each one lubricated. I dipped each one in turn inside her, even my thumb, trying to keep my thoughts away from what she was doing to my cock.

She groaned and spread her legs a bit more when I strummed my fingertips across her clit. 

"You're trying to distract me," she said accusingly at the top of a stroke.

"No, I'm trying to distract myself!" I told her with some force. "I don't want to cum yet!"

She went back to work, and I went back to playing with her. My hand was curled around her butt cheek, and once my fingers were slick with her juices, I let them move higher. I trace the line of her crack all the way, squeezed firmly, and then returned all the way down to her mound, twisting my wrist to cup her fully and press my palm against her pussy. 

Her mouth never stopped its voracious journey up and down my cock. I was definitely losing this contest, so I upped the ante a little bit. I remembered how she reacted when I played with her ass the last time I was here-she loved it! On my next trip up her ass, I let each fingertip bump experimentally along her tight little opening. Another groan deep in her throat.

After spreading her juices around and getting the whole area primed, I zoomed in on her ass fully. My middle finger circled and then nudged into her just a bit, then pulled back. When I pushed it back in, she pulled her mouth off my cock.

"Oh, fuck-keep doing that!"

She gripped me tighter and started sucking harder, taking only the first four inches in her mouth, but trying her best to make me explode. I pumped my finger in and out of her ass repeatedly, each time sinking a little deeper. When it was all the way in, I twisted and turned my hand, teasing every nerve ending. In doing so, my thumb fell along her pussy lips, and I sank it into her without hesitation. My own hips started rising involuntarily, plunging upward toward her mouth, eager to feed her the sperm she so clearly wanted. She let me have my way then, and I fucked her mouth full length, bumping into her throat with every thrust. She squeezed the base of my shaft tightly and played with my testicles, rolling them carefully.

My hand was rocking back and forth, fucking her ass and pussy at the same time. I could feel her starting to push back against its intrusions, but I couldn't hold off any longer. The hand that was loosely resting on her head before became more forceful. My fingers wrapped in her hair, and with a wordless cry, I arched up one last time, cock buried in her throat, and started to cum, each throb sending a stream directly into her gullet. After three or four, she gagged a bit and pulled up to hold just the head of my cock in her mouth, sucking greedily still. Every drop disappeared as soon as I gave it to her, and she stroked me then, milking the last drops out.

My fingers came loose from her hair, and my left hand rested, finger and thumb still buried in their respective holes. Molly licked me clean, then turned toward me again, which pulled my fingers from her. She lay full length beside me, sweaty and happy, and rested her head on my chest, listening to my heart pounding.

"Molly...that was..."

"What? Better than last time? I know. I just wanted to taste you last time you were here, to make you feel good. After what you did to me, though, I knew I had to give you my best ever!"

"I hope that was it...anything better might kill me!"

She snorted. That's all the reaction that kind of bullshit chivalry deserves, anyway.

"Seriously...best blowjob ever. Thank you!"

"My pleasure," she murmured against me. "Especially with your fingers in my ass and in my pussy at the same time!"

Our breathing slowed, and for a little while, we lay there drowsing while the breeze moved the curtains into the cool, dim bedroom.