 Part of a summer day with Molly...

School was over now. As the usual rounds of summer work began, though, I couldn't stop thinking about that final day with Molly. The phenomenal blowjob that left me in a stupor on her father's bed. The feeling of her body in the pool. The sensuous gyrations of her hips as she rode me. Most recently, the explosive throbbing of my orgasm as I pumped myself into her from behind. Every moment had been spectacular, and I had left exhausted, impressed, and immensely happy.

The problem was, I wanted more. When I was fixing things around the house, I thought of Molly. When I went out with friends on the boat, I imagined Molly sunbathing on the deck. When I made love to my wife, I closed my eyes and imagined it was my former student underneath me. Like any middle-aged man lucky enough to be having sex with a 19-year old woman, it was all I could think about! 

What's more, I knew Molly wanted more as well. We had gone long past Molly expressing her gratitude for my support during high school, or my brilliant teaching. Over the course of two visits, we had developed an intensely satisfying sexual dynamic, and Molly wanted it to continue as much as I did. She had kissed me in the doorway of her father's house a few weeks before. Standing in front of me wrapped only in a bedsheet, she told me her father would be gone until August, the house would be empty, and she only worked four days a week. Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays were wide open. 

As she nestled against my chest for one last kiss, she pulled back for a moment. "I want you to come back...is that bad? I still don't want you to leave your wife and marry me or anything, but I feel so good when I'm with you, and I want to keep feeling that way."

"No, it's not a bad thing," I reassured her. "I feel the same...we'll figure it out." 

With that thought and a final peck, I drove home ruminating on the possibilities.

For the next two weeks, life was the usual rounds of summer. The kids went to camp, the wife went to work, and I tackled a series of home repair and renovation projects. In between, I spent some time fishing or running errands.

It was one of these errands that led to my inspiration. I had been looking for a new anchor, and the local marine store was happy to sell me one, but for $240. I was grinding my teeth over spending that kind of money for a lump of metal, so I looked on Craigslist. Lo and behold, there was the answer to both my issues! Forty miles down the coast-only 10 past Molly's house-was the perfect anchor for $60. My heart started pounding, and I realized how much I was wanting to see her again, to feel her young body against mine.

Quickly, I arranged the sale online. I said I could be there in two days-a Tuesday, so Molly would be free as well. He said any time was fine, so I said mid-afternoon, figuring that would give me the most time down there. After dinner, I told my wife I was going to stop by school for a meeting, then pick up the anchor. She nodded absently and went back to her reading. She even agreed to leave early and pick the kids up, then take them over to the beach for a while. I thanked her gratefully, wondering why my conscience was so easy to ignore.

Late that night, I texted Molly one of the pictures she had sent me weeks before: the patio of her father's house. I included the word "Tuesday?" and a grinning smiley face. Her answer came quickly-a single emoji that looked excited. That was followed by an even more exciting response-she said she would be spending Monday night there, and that I could just show up and wake her up. With a smile, I deleted the thread and went to bed.

Monday crawled by. Tuesday morning, I shaved most carefully and dressed for school in my finest business casual. Explaining that I wanted to beat the traffic, I left as early as possible for my "meeting." As I made my way south along the coast, my mind was filled with the idea of crawling into bed beside a sleeping Molly, nestling into her warmth, and waking her up to make love over and over again. 

It was strange to open the door all alone. I closed it quietly behind me. It was even stranger to walk quietly down the hallway to the master bedroom in another man's house. This door was open, and enough sunlight filtered through the curtains that I could see Molly asleep under a thick comforter. I quietly stepped out of my shoes, then stripped off the rest of my clothes. Trembling with anticipation, I tiptoed to the side of the bed. Then, just as I had imagined, I lifted the edge of the covers and sat gently on the edge. Molly's deep, slow breathing never changed. 

As I slid my legs under the covers, I was captivated by the sight stretched out beside me. The swelling curves of Molly's shoulders and hips, the long lines of her back and thighs, and the peaceful profile of her face against the pillow were enough to make me stop and stare even as I was getting into bed with her. My heart pounding, I stretched my six feet out behind her and settled the comforter over me.

Once I was fully in bed, I did what came naturally. With minimal movements, I eased up close behind Molly's warm, sleeping body. My cock nestled up against her ass, and my arm slipped over her waist as I reached up to cup her full breast. With a sigh, I laid my head on the pillow behind hers and nuzzled her neck. Paradise.

As I settled against her, Molly stirred. At first, it was instinctive-she was asleep and reacting to the warmth and closeness of a body behind her. She moved back a tiny bit, bringing every inch of our bodies into contact. For a timeless moment, we were locked in a warm and loving embrace. I smiled with satisfaction in the dim light of morning. As my swelling cock pressed against her, my hand surrounded her breast, and my lips found her neck, though, she started to wake up. I felt her wiggle her hips against me lasciviously, and with a deep sigh, she stroked my arm as it lay across her waist.

"Mmmmm...hello..." she said thickly.

"Hello yourself," I replied softly.

Molly turned then, rolling toward me. Her thigh draped itself across mine. Her breasts pushed warmly against my chest, and she lifted her arm over me, trailing her hand up to my shoulder. Her soft lips parted in a sleepy smile, then she tilted her head up and kissed me softly.

"Good morning," she whispered against my lips. "That's a really nice way to wake up!"

Kissing her back, all I could manage was, "I agree" before returning to what I was doing. Our tongues teased each other, and I bit gently on her lower lip. For a sweet and measureless time, we lay entwined under the covers, sharing our breath back and forth, close to each other in a new and tender way. 

All the while, however, my body was reacting to the thrill of holding a warm, young and beautiful woman. I had lost track of it during our embrace, but my cock was rigid against her belly, and my heart was pounding with excitement. Molly seemed to have the same reaction to the situation; even as her lips were locked against mine, her leg was tightening behind me, and her hips moved toward me enticingly. I could feel her mound against the base of my shaft, and as she moved and the angle changed, I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy as she woke up and became increasingly aroused. 

Before I could make up my mind to do anything about the intense horniness that was rising in both of us, Molly took control of the moment. Deftly, she slipped her hand between us and pushed down on my cock, drawing herself back just enough to lodge it against her opening. A quick push from both of us, and I sank into her halfway, drawing a gasp of pleasure from both of us. We both pulled back, and then with a lingering thrust, we came together fully, my cock buried deep in her incredible wetness.

There in her father's bed, Molly and I made love slowly as the morning brightened. She rocked her hips against me, holding me close. My hand traveled from her shoulder down along her back. Our lips stayed together in a series of soft kisses. When I moved lower to trail my fingers along the cleft of her buttocks, Molly moaned into the kiss and her tongue darted into my mouth. Instead of giving her what she wanted, though, I returned to caressing her back, then her hip, then her thigh where it lay across my body. I didn't want to heat things up-I wanted them to stay the same. I was caught in a loving spell that I wanted to last forever.

I can't remember how long we stayed like that, but at some point, my body became restless for a more active role. Without breaking our kiss, I guided Molly onto her back. My hips lifted to keep myself buried inside her, and her thighs fell easily apart to make room for me. Leaning on my elbows to keep my weight off of her, I lay full-length on top of my former student and rotated my hips, my cock deep inside her but moving in slow circles, stimulating every millimeter for each of us. Molly moaned at the fullness she was feeling, and her arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders at the same time her ankles crossed behind my knees. 

We fell into a gentle rhythm then. Periodically, I changed from kissing her lips to exploring the soft curve of her neck. Molly moaned happily as my deep thrusting stimulated her, and when my pubic bone grazed across her clit, she bumped her hips up into me to increase the feeling. When I began doing that in a regular pattern, her body responded eagerly. As the tempo of her body increased, her lips caught mine in a more passionate kiss, her tongue keeping pace with the rise of her body against me. 

I wasn't immune either. The tight grasp of her pussy, the full-length stimulation of my shaft, and the feeling of her increasing excitement were getting to me as well. As I felt both of us getting close, I pushed harder, keeping my strokes short to stay deep inside her, but bumping both her clit and her cervix with each movement. Her knees came up and her ankles locked behind my thighs, pulling me into her. 

Just when I couldn't hold back another second, Molly grabbed me tightly, crushing herself up against me, frozen in pleasure. I felt the pulsing of her orgasm all over her body, but the sudden tightening of her inner walls pushed me over the edge as well. My legs straightened and by back arched, lifting Molly even higher. My cock exploded deep inside her, sending waves of cum into her already slick pussy. By the time I was spent, my arms were shaking with the strain of holding both of us up, and I collapsed gratefully onto her, continuing our kiss more gently as our breathing returned to normal. 

When we had come back to Earth, so to speak, I rolled onto my side. My softening cock slipped out of Molly's body, and she draped her thigh and her arm across me as she snuggled into my side with her head resting on my shoulder. I stroked her hair with one hand and held her waist with the other. We didn't speak, but we were both smiling. As our bodies cooled, Molly reached down and tugged the comforter back over us. We kissed tenderly a few more times, but then the relaxation that so often follows love-making claimed us and we fell asleep.