 I love Thailand. Being on holiday there is like being in a warm bath. It's relaxing, comfortable, and you can spend a lot of time almost naked. I love taking a week, going to one of the smaller islands and spending my days lying on the sand, reading trashy novels. When you start to get too uncomfortably hot, you just wander off to the ocean for a dip to cool down. When you start to get a little thirsty, that's exactly when, it seems, the drink seller comes buy with cold juices and water. When you start to feel a little hungry, why, then there's the fruit seller wandering over with fresh mango and pineapple, and it doesn't matter if you get juice all over you as you eat; you just dive back into the ocean again and clean off. And later, towards the end of the day, the older Thai women come around, offering hour long massages under the shade of a tree. Their hands are hard and strong, yet smooth from all the oil they've massaged into countless bodies over their years. Feels so good. 

It was just after one of these perfect days on the beach. I had picked up a cold beer from the little store in the hotel, and gone back to my hut on the beach to shower off the salt and sand from my day on the beach. Now I was relaxing on the porch, watching the waves and sipping the cold beer. Though the sun was setting, the air was still warm, and I was dressed in a thin cotton tank top and wore a sarong as a skirt. I felt relaxed and content. 

The hut next door to me had been empty the night before, but now I noticed damp towels hanging out to dry on the railing of the porch, and two pairs of trunks. New neighbors, obviously, though no one was in sight. I decided it was time for dinner, and wandered off to the hotel's restaurant, also on the beach, to enjoy fresh fish and coconut curry. As I walked to my table, I noticed two men sitting a few tables over. They were both attractive, one dark, one fair, well-built and both were watching me appreciatively as I walked to a table. I smiled over at them, feeling rather sexy in my thin sarong skirt and skimpy tank, the breeze gently caressing my skin. 

After a delicious dinner, I bought another beer at the little store and wandered back to my hut. Once again I sat on the porch, listening to the waves and looking up at the stars. Soon I heard the low murmur of male voices. The two men I had seen at dinner wandered up the path beside my hut. 

"Hi there," the dark one said, as he noticed me. 

"Hey."

"I guess we're your neighbors," said the blonde. 

"Welcome." 

"Have you been here long?" the dark one asked.

"A couple of days. I'm here till the weekend." I replied.

"We've been trekking up in Chiang Mai," he volunteered. "Now we're in the need of some serious down time."

"Well, you've come to the right island," I told them. "No midnight raves here; it's very peaceful."

"Perfect," he said, grinning up at me. "We'll leave you to the peace of the evening, then."

"See you tomorrow, probably," I smiled back. "Good night"

"Good night." And they walked on past, to their hut. I watched them go, admiring the view of broad shoulders and nice legs. They both wore rather baggy shorts, so sadly, I couldn't really check out their asses...

I continued to sip my beer and gaze up at the stars. I squirmed a little restlessly... Warm nights and beaches and wearing scanty clothes always make me a little bit horny. Having two rather delicious neighbors was making all kinds of salacious thoughts drift through my mind. I'd never had two men at once but it was a fantasy of mine. Just the idea of being sandwiched between those big, muscular bodies, four hands roaming my body, two mouths kissing and licking and sucking various parts of me and two cocks.....

"Hey"

I jumped visibly; I hadn't even heard him approach. It was the dark haired guy from next door. 

"Sorry!! I didn't mean to scare you."

"No, it's okay, I was miles away." Well, not really miles.... more like yards... in bed, with him, and his friend...

"My buddy's tired and is heading for bed, but I was thinking I wouldn't mind another drink. Would you mind if I joined you?"

"No, not at all." 

"Can I get you another?"

"No, I'm good, thanks. But you go ahead."

With a grin he loped down the path to the little store. I quickly used the opportunity to dart inside and use the bathroom. No question I was already wet and mildly aroused from my fantasizing. I looked at myself in the mirror as I washed my hands, and licked my lips. 

He was back in a few minutes, and settled down in the chair beside me. His eyes ran over me, again with appreciation, as he leaned back and took a sip of his beer. My dark chestnut hair was hanging free, long waves swirling around my shoulders. Though I usually need to wear a bra, because I was on vacation I had done without and my tank had a bit of spandex, for support. My breasts moved freely though, as I leaned forward to reach for my drink. I saw his eyes drift down my chest before they snapped back to my face. I smiled knowingly, and leaned back, aware that my nipples were poking visibly through the thin material. 

"So, I'm Jake," he said. 

"Caroline." I replied. 

"Nice to meet you. What brings you to Thailand?"

We chatted for a long while, about our jobs and hometowns, and favorite vacation spots. We both kept silently flirting with each other, though. His eyes would drop down to gaze at my tits, I'd arch my back just a little more, and squirm just a bit in my chair. I'd play with my hair, gazing up at him through my lashes, smiling as he'd adjust his shorts and lick his lips. 

"It's so beautiful here," he breathed. "Feel like walking down to the water, checking out the waves?"

"Sure," I said, and slid my feet into my flip flops. 

We wandered down the sand, past all the huts towards a more secluded spot. His arm brushed mine occasionally, sending little sparks of lust through my veins. We both knew what was going to happen. 

When we got past all the huts, he sat down in the sand and, reaching up for my hand, pulled me down next to him. He leaned in to kiss me, and I melted. He was a gooood kisser; his lips firm yet soft and his tongue gently teasing mine. We slowly sank backwards onto the sand, his mouth never leaving mine. His hands moved down my arms and raised them up, over my head. He broke off the kiss then, and raised his head to look down at me. His lips curved in a smile as his gaze slid down to my tits, blatantly now. He released my arms, and lowered his head again, tongue grazing my clavicle, his lips tracing over the tops of my breasts, then down and around to my belly, avoiding my hard nipples as I bit my lip. 

"Please," I whispered, as he continued his caresses.

"Please, what?" he asked. "What do you want? This?" And then his mouth closed over one nipple, through my tank top, while his fingers slid up under my tank on the other side, and began toying with my other nipple. I moaned and twisted my hips beneath him, feeling his hard cock pressing against my belly, the heat of his mouth on one nipple and his fingers on the other driving me wild.

He raised his head and grinned down at me. "I want to take your top off," he said, fingers still teasing my nipple. I sat up, and in one quick motion pulled my tank over my head and off, my large breasts bouncing freely as I did. My hands almost involuntarily found their way to my tits, and I sat there, playing with my own nipples while he watched me, his eyes darkening with lust. 

"I need to get a condom. Yes?" he asked thickly. 

"Yes," I answered, and watched as he walked rather stiffly but quickly over to his hut. He was back in an instant, to find me still sitting up, hair fluttering in the breeze, and my hands still caressing my tits. I dropped my hands as he walked up, and leaned back, bending my arms a bit. My tits were thrust up and out, and he dropped down beside me and quickly lowered his head, as I collapsed onto the ground and his tongue found my nipple. He sucked on it, and very gently used his teeth. I put two fingers in my mouth, and then onto my other nipple, my own saliva allowing my fingers to slide easily over the hard, pink nub. He grinned, watching me, then lowered his mouth yet again, and trailed his tongue down my belly, while his hand reached down to my calf and began trailing up my leg, moving the fabric of my sarong out of the way. When his mouth reached the top of my sarong around my hips, he gave it a tug with his teeth and pulled it loose, and brushed it out of the way. 

His hands were now on the insides of my knees and he pushed my legs apart, drinking in the sight and smell of my pussy. His lips lowered to graze the inside of my thigh, his tongue tracing its way up towards the juncture of my thigh and hip, his slight stubble scratching provocatively against my soft skin. It felt so good, and I grew wetter and wetter, as I continued to play with my tits and nipples. 

My hips began to squirm, as I mindlessly moved my body against his. I wanted his mouth on my clit and his tongue in my cunt, but he continued to tease me, holding my legs apart, and moving his lips and tongue and teeth up and down the insides of my thighs. Every time he moved upwards, he came slightly closer to my wet pussy, brushing against my labia with his chin, or blowing softly on my damp curls. 

"Pleeeeease" I moaned. "Please touch me." I raised my hips towards his mouth as he grinned at me.

"This is what I like to see: a woman all hot and wet and wanting and begging me to touch her."

"Shut up, you bastard" I ground out. "Just shut up and make me cum."

Without another word he lowered his head. When his tongue brushed my clit I screamed. Encouraged, he applied more pressure and soon was lapping and sucking and slipping one, then two, then three fingers up into my sopping wet cunt. He knit them together and the sensation of this rather knobbly shape inside me was mind blowing. I arched my back, bucked up against his mouth and came with a great, shuddering moan. He slowed his fingers as my spasms passed, and continued to gently lick and kiss my clit and inner thighs. 

I flung out my arms to either side of me and stretched luxuriously beneath him. "That was amazing" I told him. "It seems only fair that I return the favor." 

He lifted himself up my body until he was lying on top of me, chest to breasts, again pinning my hands above my head. His mouth found mine and I could taste myself on his tongue.

Raising his head, he considered my mouth thoughtfully. "While there is nothing I'd like better than to see those lips wrapped round my cock," he said, "I don't think I'd last more than a second and baby, I need to sink myself into your tight cunt first." And with that he nudged his cock against my clit, sending a frisson of excitement along my nerve endings. He reared back suddenly, and reached for his shorts, grabbing the condom from his pocket. He deftly unwrapped it and, kneeling between my spread legs, rolled it down onto his jutting cock. I licked my lips as I watched; I couldn't help it. His cock was beautiful, thick and veined and so, so hard. I wanted more than anything to feel its weight in my hands, but when I made to reach for him, he shook his head and pushed me back down onto the sand. "I won't last if you do that," he warned, and then he pulled my legs up onto his thighs, leaned forward and positioned his cock at the entrance to my pussy. He paused for a moment, the tip just inside me. I began to squirm again, and he groaned and pushed forward, sinking into me. 

I was sopping wet from cumming earlier and he slid in easily. "Oh, god" he moaned, and we again paused, letting the sensations of his cock in my cunt wash over both of us. I squeezed my pussy muscles and his eyes flew open. "Holy fuck!" he gasped. "Baby, this is going to be much quicker than I wanted." 

I smiled and squeezed again. "We're just getting started, aren't we?" I asked innocently. He groaned again and began to thrust in and out of my slippery cunt. "Yes," he grunted. "I'm going to fuck you all night. I'm going to fuck you now and then later you're going to suck my cock and you'll ride me I'll eat you out again and I haven't even begun to explore your ass yet...." 

I felt myself getting even wetter as he continued to tell me what he was going to do to me over the coming hours, thrusting harder and faster and even deeper into me. I could feel another orgasm beginning to spiral through my body, and raised my hips to meet his thrusts, my toes curling involuntarily. He was hitting some amazing spots in my pussy, and his pubic bone was nudging my clit with every thrust. 

"Oh, please," I gasped. "I can't, I'm cumming, I'm...." and I writhed beneath him as another orgasm washed over me. 

"Fucking hell!" he panted, feeling my pussy contracting around his cock. "Can't.. last..." I pulled him even tighter into me, my hands raking his back, sliding down to his ass. I toyed a little bit with the rim of his asshole and that was it -- he pushed into me one last time, his face grimacing as he came with a shout. "Oh, god, babe" he muttered, and collapsed on top of me. I smiled, feeling him soften inside me, and he reached down to pull out and take off the condom. 

"How many of those did you get?" I asked curiously. 

"Stupid me, just the one," he replied, looking sheepish. 

"One?" I raised an eyebrow. "I guess we'll just have to be rather more inventive about where you cum for the rest of the night then."

He grinned, and rolled over, pulling me with him. We lay looking up at the stars for a few moments, our breathing and heart rates returning to normal. 

"Well," he said, "I did say I wanted your lips round my cock."

"Yes, yes, you did. And wasn't there something about my ass?" I asked.

He laughed and pulled me on top of me. "This," he said, "is going to be an amazing vacation..."