 I was retired and had been on social security for several years. My health insurance company provides me with a free membership to the local YMCA. They have a water aerobics class that meets three days per week (M, W, and F) for an hour. Although not restricted to, the class is attended by women almost exclusively. There are rarely more than one or two men besides myself in the class. The class is ideal for my age and physical condition, which due to the class is pretty good. I can easily pass for 10 years or more younger than my actual age. This is very fortunate since my tongue and dick have refused to look at my birth certificate.

For the past several weeks I have been especially noticing (actually lusting over) one of the ladies. She is a real redhead. I am absolutely certain of that just by observing her coloring and her freckles. To me there is nothing sexier than a real redhead's peaches and cream complexion. I am addicted to eating pussy, and to me there is nothing sweeter, pinker than or as tasty as a redheaded pussy. I even love the word pussy. When one says it your mouth and lips move just like a pussy's lips when it is enticing a tongue or a mushroom shaped cockhead to enter its velvety folds. I knew that I had to have my fill of this gourmet dish.

For the next several meetings, I made sure that I was close to her in the pool. I took every opportunity to smile at her and indicate my interest. I didn't know and didn't care if she was married, divorced or had a boyfriend/girlfriend. Finally after one session, I asked her if we could go somewhere to have a milkshake to help us recover from the exertion. 

She smiled and said "That would be nice but don't you think that after all this time that you have spent flirting with me that I should at least know your name? Mine is Peggy"

Embarrassed I said "I'm sorry my name is Dave. I have been so mesmerized by your red hair that I forgot my manners."

"I guess that I can forgive you but please tell me about more this effect I have on men. I probably need to use it more often."

"I don't know about other men but I find redheads extremely sexy. I hope I haven't offended you by saying this"

"Don't be silly, every woman I know loves to be told she is sexy. Now, let's go get that milkshake"

We went to the locker rooms to change out of our suits. I was waiting outside the women's locker room when she came out. I wasn't prepared for her appearance. Her hair was down (it had been in a pony tail in the pool); her lips glistened with a hot pink lip color that emphasized her coloring. For a redhead lover like me, this was very close to sensory overload.

I did manage to say "Peggy, you are one very hot sexy lady"

"Oh Dave you're making me blush" she replied almost in a whisper. 

"Peggy your blushing like that only makes it worse"

We drove separate cars to the nearby McDonalds, had our milkshakes and a pleasant conversation. I don't think I remember a word said. I do remember being very aroused and aware that my tongue and my dick were yearning to taste and feel her pussy's lips. 

We left after agreeing that meeting like this after our exercise was an enjoyable way to finish up the morning. We made a date to meet after our next session.

This had happened on a Monday and Wednesday couldn't come soon enough. 

Wednesday came and I was probably hard for the whole hour in the pool. I exercised as close to Peggy as possible without being too obvious. I suggested that rather than drive two cars to McDonalds we take only one since it was very close by.

We had our drinks and friendly conservation and I drove us back to the Y so Peggy could pick up her car. I walked her to her car, hugged her and kissed her on the cheek resulting in another of her sexy blushes.

Friday went much the same as Wednesday except that Perry offered to drive to McDonalds. When we were about to leave she said "Dave it's lunch time, I live close to here, nobody will be at my house until at least 5 PM. Why don't you come home with me and I'll fix us some lunch. To tell the truth since you kissed me on the cheek on Wednesday, I've had some interesting thoughts concerning you. Let's see if this flirtation we've been having wants to go any further"

I was momentarily speechless, finally managing to say "Peggy I would like nothing more than that."

The short drive to her house was very tense. We arrived at her place, parked the car and I followed her to her front door. 

Once inside I was still behind her in a perfect position to place some soft wet kisses on her neck. I slowly worked my way around to the front kissing behind her cute ears and finally her lovely cheeks. At this point we both knew that lunch was going to have to wait until we had dealt with some unfinished business.

With just the tip of my tongue I traced her luscious lips teasing her to open her mouth letting her tongue out and mine in. We kissed gently at first, slowly building up to more and more passion. 

Since we were barely inside the front door, Peggy came up for air, took both my hands and said "Dave baby, we need to move this to my bedroom, come with me."

I followed her into the bedroom and we resumed our embrace. I began to caress underneath her breasts, feeling their fullness and weight. 

"Dave please take my blouse and bra off, I want to feel bare hands on my tits."

I slowly removed her blouse and her lacy pink bra, freeing her lovely breasts. Her breasts had silver dollar sized areolas with pink nipples in their center. I took her nipples between my thumb and forefinger and gently rolled them between my fingers. Her nipples were soon the size of the tip of my little finger and just begging to be sucked.

I sucked on first one and then the other, alternating between them. I noticed that Peggy was breathing very fast. Breathlessly she said "Oh baby that feels so good. I just love having my tits played with and their nipples sucked. It makes me so hot."

Needless to say this was making me very hot also. My cock was becoming very big and hard and running down my leg.

Moving my hands down to her waist I began removing her shorts until she was naked except for her brief pink panties. They were pulled tightly on her luscious body creating a beautiful cameltoe. My hands moved to her hips and her beautiful ass. As I continued to caress her hips and inner thighs I noticed her panties starting to show a noticeable wet spot.

Gradually I moved my hands closer and closer to her prominent outer lips which were now covered by a very wet pair of panties. Gently laying my hand directly upon her outer labia, I squeezed them together as I rubbed my hand up and down. It was time for her to be completely naked.

I placed my hands under her buttocks and raised her up so that I could slide her panties off. Once removed, they went directly to my face so that I could smell and taste her essence. All of this action had Peggy breathing rapidly and uttering little oohs and ahs. 

"Peggy your pussy is absolutely beautiful. The way you have shaved away all but a little patch of your gorgeous red hair makes it so very sexy and inviting."

"Dave, I don't know what you are doing down there but please don't stop. Most guys (there haven't been that many) only want to put their thing in me and pound me until they cum."

"Don't worry I am a long way from stopping. We're just getting started!!"

My hand was now directly in contact with this lovely pussy. I continued massaging her outer lips. I gently pinched them together as I stoked them. I moved my face down between her legs for an up close view. I flicked out my tongue to just lightly tease her inner lips, encouraging them to let me in. As they slowly opened I was able to probe with my tongue licking and sucking as I went.

I moved up slightly to find her hooded clit. I enticed it to come out to play and was soon rewarded with her 'little dick' that was almost an inch long. I eagerly and greedily sucked it causing Peggy to exclaim "I didn't know anything could feel this good". As I continued sucking it wasn't long before Peggy shouted out "Oh fuck you are making me cum and it feels so good!!"

I let her rest briefly before inserting my middle finger gently into her sopping wet pussy. I curled my finger upward searching for her g-spot. I knew I had found it when she said "What are you doing to me? I am cuming again and it feels like I'm never going to stop" After several orgasms in succession she collapsed with a whimper.

We lay there for a few minutes on our backs. After about ten minutes she propped herself up on her elbows and said "Dave, that was absolutely mind blowing. I have never ever cum so many times in such a short space of time. I feel very selfish, you have satisfied me like I can't remember when and I haven't even played with your dick. I know you have a nice one because I saw you trying to hide your hard on those times we went to McDonalds."

"Peggy be quiet, kiss me and if you ask me very nice I'll let you have your way with me."

We kissed with lots of tongue action and my cock was soon reaching down my leg. Peggy began rubbing my prick that she could see outlined by my shorts. 

"Dave, I must have asked nicely because I see a definite invitation to continue. Let's get those shorts and your briefs off so it can breathe."

She helped me remove my clothes until I was as naked as she still was.

I was almost completely hard which she quickly remedied by lightly stroking my cock. 

"Dave, I love your cock's big mushroom shaped head. It looks so fat and yet feels so soft." 

She brought her lovely lips right up next to it and flicked out her tongue lightly licking the head. Several small drops of pre-cum soon appeared and were quickly lapped up by her tongue. She licked all around the ultra sensitive underside of the head. I knew that I would soon cum if she kept this up.

My dilemma was solved when she said "Dave please fuck me now. I need to feel your hard dick inside me. I want you to pump your hot cum deep into my hot cunt."

I knew there would be another chance to cum in her luscious mouth as this was definitely not a one time thing. Also, my tongue had tasted and felt her hot pussy so it was my dick's turn.

She laid back, drew her legs up exposing her waiting pussy to me. I knelt between her legs, took my cock in one hand and rubbed the head between her inner lips. They slowly opened to accept the coming invasion. Peggy reached down between us and parted her lips to allow me to enter. 

I pushed forward until just the head of my dick was inside being clutched by her lips. I stopped the insertion at the point and we waited not moving for several minutes enjoying the feeling. Slowly I pushed into her until I bottomed out.

We built up a pattern of pulling almost all way out before pushing back in to the hilt. It was really slow motion fucking where each of us could feel every inch of the other on every stroke.

"Peggy I want to cum when the head of my cock is just inside you so that you can fell the hot liquid jetting into you pussy. As I am cuming I will thrust forward into you."

"Oh Dave, that is exactly how I want to feel you. I am sure my pussy will try to suck very drop out of your cock."

"Dave baby, now baby let it go. Fuck me. I can feel just the head inside me and you're starting to squirt. Now you are pushing into me as I am cuming and cuming and cuming. Oh Fuck!!!!"

The water aerobics class at the Y will never be the same now that I have a sex-ercise partner. Physical fitness and fantastic sex, who could ask for any thing more.