 I was just about to leave work, when I heard my cell phone ring. When I looked at the Caller I.D., I saw that it was my husband. Oh it felt so good to say that. We got married just three months ago and we are going along beautifully. We got married on January 25, 2007. When I answered I heard his sexy low voice answer the phone,

"Hey baby," he said.

"Hi babe," I said back.

"Well I just got off of work and I wanted to tell you to go shopping before you come home, because tomorrow's your big day."

"Big day?" I asked confused.

"Yes baby, it's your birthday tomorrow."

"Oh I forgot I was so busy with these burglary cases that it just slipped my mind. What do you want me to pick up?"

"Well, something that will give me the chills just looking at you like I always do, because I already bought something for you to wear tonight for your preparation for tomorrow's celebrations, and when I say tomorrow I mean the whole tomorrow not just tomorrow night."

"Ok, your making me wet already", I said in a sexy voice.

"Just what I like to hear" he said in a very sensual tone.

"I'll be home in about an hour" I said happily.

"Ok, baby. Be careful on the road and I love you baby"

"I love you too baby" I said as I hung up the phone, happily.

When I walked into the Victoria Secret, on 34th street, the smell of exotic and peaceful scents hit me. I walked straight to the lingerie section to get something sexy for my man. As soon as I stepped into the aisle, my eye got caught on a lavender two-piece lace bra and panty set. I walked straight to it and picked up a size 5, because I know I got a lot of junk in my trunk if you know what I mean. I paid quickly then went back in to the car. My phone rang again,

"Yes, baby" I said playfully.

"I just wanted to make sure you were ok."

"Yes I'm fine babe, I'm driving back home right now ok so I'll see you when I get home."

"Ok" he said anxiously.

"I love you." 

"I love you too."

I pulled up to the house about twenty minutes later, with my briefcase and pink and white Victoria's Secret bag. As soon as I opened the door, I found all lights off and only candles lit, with Luther Vandross playing softly from the living room. I dropped my bags at the door and I walked to the living room, where I saw a tall masculine body on the couch, looking up at me smiling. I walked over to him, and then he took my hand and led me to his lap. I leaned in and inhaled his very masculine scent that smelled so very good. Just then my thoughts were stopped with warm, full lips sucking on mine. I instantly came back to earth and kissed back with a burning passion. His strong hands went under my blazer and removed it. I nibbled on his neck and heard his breath quicken. He raised me up and walked with me to the bedroom, but on the way I grabbed the bag, and followed the man I loved so dearly. When we got into the room it looked like something straight out of a magazine. It had candles all around, the carpet felt like fur under my toes, and there was a red box on the bed. He took my hand then said,

"Go ahead babe, open it."

I walked over to the box and opened it; it was a gorgeous red bra and tong set. I looked at it and started to cry, just because this man loves me so much. He saw my tears and came behind me and held me close. He asked what was wrong, but I could not find any words. I picked up the box, kissed him, and then headed off to the bathroom to change. I changed and watched myself in the mirror and felt confident with what I saw. I let my long flowing dark brown hair down and slightly wet it, just the way he likes it. I walked out and stood in the doorway, and I saw you lying on the bed in his birthday suit (naked). I walked over to him and straddled him. I felt his breathing quicken. He held my waist and grounded himself unto me. I could feel his rigid dick teasing my clit through the thin material of the thong. In one swift move he, put me onto my back and slowly started kissing every inch of my face. He slowly worked his way down my long body kissing, sucking and licking every nock and cranny. I moaned when I felt his warm mouth reach my bellybutton. He knew exactly what I wanted; he pulled down the thong with his teeth and bit the inside of my thigh. 

"Just relax, and enjoy" he said so calmly that I could only just whimper and let him take full control me. He licked around on the outer lips of my pussy, and suddenly, I felt a gush of my fluids flow down. He spread my pussy lips and began flicking at my clit. It immediately rose at attention. He took over my body with such control that I had no need to think about what I was doing.

"I want to hear you moan!" he said, willing to know that he was satisfying me. I began moaning uncontrollably. My head thrashed to and fro and I took short sharp breaths. He pushed harder against my clit until I felt a hard mass of god thankful flesh enter my tight wet pussy. I screamed with pleasure. I could feel my orgasm close, and I pulled his body atop mine and held him close while digging into his back with my nails from his strong manly thrusts. We both felt a fire spark within ourselves and we both went over the edge with pleasure. We climaxed with loud, "AWWW YES BABY, RIGHT THERE, OOOO YES BABYYYY!!!!"

After we both laid there spent tightly in each others arms, I finally said,

"Oh my god Darnell that was great, just wait till your birthday comes around, ohhhhh I'll have you waking up neighbors, baby." He looked at me and laughed a deep throaty laugh, and then he brought my face to his, and kissed me deeply. I melted in his arms then said,

"I love you baby."

"I love you too hon."