 "Don't worry, I'll take care of everything," you tell me on the phone.

"Perfect," I purr into your ear. "I can't wait to see you, it's been so long."

"And it was completely worth the wait for me. I'll see you soon, sweetheart. I hope you're ready."

"I don't know how much more ready I could be! I'll be there baby, don't worry," I coo.

==========

A few hours later, I pull my car off the highway in an unfamiliar area and start looking for the address you gave me. As the numbers get smaller, I see the little grimy motel that you've booked for our tryst. Instead of being disgusted like I should be, I catch myself with a little grin on my face and a little gush between my legs.

I park my car in front of Room 127, as you instructed. Standing in front of the door with my hand up to knock, I take a steadying breath to try to calm down my heart. It's been so long since we've been together like this, and I've missed you so much.

Knock, knock.

As you pull the door open, we each see the smile on the other's face. I start to say hello, but you grab my hand to yank me into the room and swiftly close the door behind me. You push me up against the closed door and begin kissing me long and deep. Our tongues meet and intertwine, mutually expressing our heat and desire.

After a few minutes, you pull away roughly, your breath ragged and nearly coming in gasps. I take the quick opportunity to push us away from the door, into the center of the tiny room at the foot of the filthy bed. I hit my knees and dive for your zipper, quickly pulling your stiff cock out of your pants. A shiny drop of precum greets me at the tip, and it instantly drives me crazy; I have to taste it right now! I bury your hard cock deep in my throat, all the way to the balls, in one smooth motion and you groan. I stay there for a moment, letting my throat get used to the size of you, swallowing and contracting my muscles all around you. I look up at you, and you're looking back down at me with a wondrous look on your face, and I know just how you feel. You nearly pass out from the sheer pleasure when I smile up at you from around your dick.

I pull your cock all the way out of my mouth slowly, using light teeth. I can feel you shiver. In a slow but steady pace, I bob up and down on your hot prick for a few minutes. You keep up a steady crescendo of moans, groans, and mumblings about "fucking hot" and "my god". You start fucking my face, making me choke and sputter some, but you don't seem to care. Honestly, neither do I. I like it when you take control of me. Sucking your cock has always been such a turn-on for me, so even without stimulation I could feel my dripping pussy soaking my pants. 

Abruptly, you pull your cock out of my mouth and pull me to my feet. "Oh baby, that's fucking incredible, but I'm not ready to finish yet. Why don't you take your clothes off?" You sit on the end of the bed to watch.

I smile kind of shyly, and unbutton my jeans. I tug them down to my thighs, then turn around and push my ass out at you, showing you that I wasn't wearing any panties. I bend all the way over the finish removing the jeans, and I can hear you growl from behind me which puts a little grin on my lips. Now facing you again, I pull my shirt over my head in what I hope is a sensuous move. I reach behind me and unhook my bra, slowly letting the straps slide down my arms, exposing my breasts to your lustful gaze. 

"Beautiful," you sigh. "Absolutely beautiful. Now come here."

I close the short distance between us in three steps, but I stop just short of you and say, "Wait just a second. There's something I want to do for you." I pull the dirty chair by the window over to the foot of the bed. "Take off your clothes and sit in the chair." As you're complying, I climb onto the bed, and lean my back against the headboard. "We're going to play a little game. It's called, Can You Keep Your Hands Off? I'm going to play with my pretty pussy for you while you watch. You have to go as long as you can without touching either yourself or me. Luckily, even when you lose, we're both still winning, which is the sign of a good game if you ask me!" I wink at you and you groan again.

I pull my heels up near my ass and spread my legs as wide as I can. From your position, you can see the juices freely flowing out of my slit. I use both hands to open myself fully to you, and then I leisurely use one finger to slide up and down and around my clit. While I start frigging myself in more earnest, I catch your eye. Your hard cock is standing at full attention, and I can see you straining with yourself to not touch it. That just fuels me more! 

My own breathing is beginning to become a little ragged, and I close my eyes for a moment to savor the sensations, both the hot waves of pleasure in my pussy and the intense feeling of having you watch me in such a private activity. But I realize at that moment that I want to give myself over to you fully, and the realization makes me moan loudly.

I open my eyes quickly when I feel the end of the bed dip down from your weight as you start to crawl toward me. "I guess I lose," you say huskily, "So why don't we get down to both of us winning, huh baby?" I moan uncontrollably as you quickly replace my hand with your hot mouth. Your tongue is in so many places at once, I'd swear there were three of you. How in the world can you be lapping at my clit while also fucking my pussy with your tongue at the same time that you're running the flat of your tongue up and down the entire length of my dripping slit? You're incredible, that's the only explanation I can come up with.

I can feel a light sheen of sweat on my forehead, and my thighs are beginning to quiver beyond my control. "Yeah baby, eat that pussy. Oh my god, that's it, right there," I moan again and again. I feel you shift a bit, but I'm so enveloped in my own world of ecstasy that I have no idea why. Until a moment later, that is, when I feel you jam two fingers deep in my saturated pussy, which makes me howl repeatedly. I sure hope we don't have neighbors! I can feel your fingers curl up to find my g-spot and rub it frantically. Combined with your insistent tongue lapping all around my turgid clit, I just can't take it anymore. On my fourth howl in a row, we can both feel my entire pelvic region tense up and then release. You're smart enough to get your head and hand out of the way just as a small river of girl juice flows from my contracting cunt. The top of my head feels like it's trying to float away and my pussy is absolutely humming with electricity.

You sit up, watching me intently as I'm trying to gather myself. "Oh my god baby, that was SO HOT. I loved watching your pussy come all over me," you said with a loving grin on your face.

"Now. I need you to fuck me NOW! And HARD!" I countered, harsh need in my voice.

When you hear that, I see the fire smoldering in your eyes. "Get on your hands and knees, then. If you want it hard and fast, doggy is the way to go," you say.

I quickly assume the position, anticipating this more than anything ever before, and you move in behind me. Within seconds, I feel the head of your big, hard cock at the entrance to my dripping pussy. In one fluid motion, you're in me completely. I can feel it when your balls slap against my aching, straining clit. You hold still to get your bearings, just for a split-second. And then you're off and fucking me. Hard and fast might have been a bit of an understatement. Between my gasps and moans and grunts, I have to glance back to make sure you don't have an actual jackhammer back there. But no, it's all you. "I love this, baby. I love fucking you like this. I wish we'd never stopped. This is so hot, baby. Oh my god." I love your running commentary, because knowing how much you like what's happening only serves to make me hotter and wetter. You kind of have me pinned down, but I do my best to thrust my hips backward to meet your hard fucking cock. 

I don't think I've ever felt anything like this before. I never knew it could be this good between us. I know now that we were practically children before, but there's no doubt that we're mature adults tonight. On that thought, I start to feel the pressure building up in my center again. "I'm going to come, baby. Keep fucking me, and come with me," I moaned. Wordlessly, you obliged my request. I didn't think it was humanly possible, but you start fucking me even harder. You begin to feel the tightening and churning in your balls that signals the arrival of your impending load. Thrust, thrust, churn, churn. "Yeah baby, that's fucking incredible. Oh my god. Your pussy feels so fucking good around my hard cock." 

As you feel your hot load moving up through your balls and into your dick, I feel you start to pull away from me. In my animalistic state, that is the worst possible thing that can happen right now. As I feel my come start to overtake me, I scream, "NO! Come back! Dump it in me! Fill me up! Oh my god I'm COMING!" You pause for about an eighth of a second, and mentally say Fuck it! You bury your hard cock as deep in my pussy as it will go, and let your spunk fly against my cervix. Your whole body is tense and pulsing above me as your fingers dig into my hips, which you're holding for leverage. I can feel the gushes as my pussy is still contracting in my own orgasm, and each gush makes me scream again.

Slowly, we both come back down to earth, and your softening cock slips from my cum-filled pussy with a little pop! noise, which makes me giggle a little. You plop down on the bed with a huge, satisfied sigh, and I stretch out next to you in the crook of your arm with my head on your shoulder. We're still trying to catch our breath.

"I can feel your cum dripping down my legs," I giggle again.

You raise one eyebrow down at me. "Yeah, what was up with that? I mean, is that okay to do?" you ask me kind of warily.

"Yep, no problem at all. Trust me. Didn't you like it?" I ask, in a pouty kind of way.

"Hell yeah, it's hot as hell!" you exclaim.

"Well, when will you be ready to do it again?" I ask, grinning at you slyly.

"My god, you're trying to kill me, woman!" you groan, but I can see your cock already starting to re-inflate. 

"I thought you said you wanted me?" I ask as I place my mouth on your hardening cock once again.

"I always want you, baby."

"That's what I wanted to hear."

Oh yes, I missed you.