 I was at the airport, stalking through the baggage claim area wondering what the hell happened to my luggage, when a stranger walked up to me and asked if I knew anything about where his luggage had gone. Frustrated, I shook my head; it seemed that half of the passengers from our flight had lost their luggage. I looked at him for a second longer, wondering for a brief moment if I could remember him from the plane, decided I couldn't because I'd slept for too much of the flight, and then headed over to the luggage office with about fifty other people. 

He was out of my mind until we were on the curb and cabs were few and far between. I suddenly became aware of a presence behind me...and jumped when a voice said in my ear, "Looks like we might have to share a cab." 

I whirled and found myself staring into eyes that I couldn't quite put the name of a color to. Funny how I hadn't noticed that before...in the airport... I had trouble tearing my gaze away from his, and stammered out, "L-looks like." Damn! I was SO awkward around men! My mother said I was a terrible flirt when I was in high school but I didn't, and still don't, believe her. I forced a smile to cover the awkwardness and turned to face the street again. A cab was coming and we both flagged it down, threw what luggage we had into the trunk and climbed inside, sitting on either end of the seat. 

We headed to his hotel first, where he offered to walk me to my condo from there. I accepted, feeling inexplicably drawn to him. We made small talk for the rest of the cab ride, and after dropping his stuff off at the hotel, we walked slowly back to my place, my hand on his elbow.  

When we got close, I asked, "Would you like to come up and see the view?"

He hesitated. I stopped walking and looked at him expectantly. His face was serious as he said, "I'm not exactly single."

I nodded. "Neither am I, I'm married. The invitation's open anyway." 

"I shouldn't, it's not right. What if your husband should come home and find us there?"

I glanced at my watch. Tom wouldn't be home for hours yet, especially since it was a weekend. "He won't be home for a long time. By the time he does get home, you'll be long gone, I'm sure." 

He shook his head and said, "I really shouldn't...I- oh what the hell. Lead on." He seemed very nervous.

We walked the rest of the way in silence. I was afraid he'd change his mind at the door, but he didn't. He did seem...reluctant? I hoped he didn't feel like he was being pushed into something he didn't want to do. When we got inside my condo, I asked him if I could fix him a drink. 

"Water's fine," he said distractedly. 

I wondered what was going on inside his head. I got him a glass of ice water and fixed myself a soda, and we stared out at my floor-to-ceiling view of the lake, not speaking. I was getting both nervous and frustrated; it seemed like he was placating me by coming up and I wondered if he was going to bolt the minute he was done with his water. I hate it when people do that, I really really hate it. Especially when I want to get to know someone who doesn't want to get to know me.

When he finished his water he set the glass on the floor and moved behind me. I kept staring out over the lake, hoping he wasn't making his exit but trying to make it clear that if he wanted to leave, I wasn't going to stop him. So I was surprised when I felt him put his arms around my waist and pull me tight against him. 

My heart was pounding, and I felt his breath on my shoulder as he whispered, "You smell so good." 

I shivered with excitement and wrapped my fingers around his, squeezing and leaning into him. He placed a couple of light kisses on my shoulder and asked, "Where's the bedroom?"

Suddenly nervous to the point of near fear, I slowly turned and said, "Why do you ask?"

Without hesitation, he said in a low voice, "Because I want you. I want you bad. Please say you want me too." His face was very close to mine, his eyes were intense.

I started to say, "Why-" but he cut me off.

"Because you're beautiful. Because you're sexy. " He put his hands on my arms, and rested his forehead against mine. "I don't think I can get you out of my mind. Please tell me you feel the same way..." He trailed off.

I didn't know what to say...I hadn't expected a confession from him. I nodded and whispered, "Yes, I want you." 

That was all the invitation he needed. He kissed me, softly, sweetly, hesitant at first. I kissed him back, hoping he could feel how badly I wanted this.

When we broke apart, he asked again, "Where is your bedroom?" Again I hesitated, and, sensing my hesitation, he said, "We don't have to do anything if you're not comfortable."

I didn't realize I'd been holding my breath, and I let it out slowly and said, "I'm okay. C'mon, the bedroom's this way," and I led him down a short hallway to the bed I sort of, but not really, shared with my husband. We lay down on the bed, spooning, and he kissed the back of my neck and shoulders. I had never really before associated passion with slow and sensual, but he most definitely knew how to mix the two. As his lips traveled in little trails over my upper back, his hand moved slowly up and down my stomach, his thumb occasionally brushing my breast. I pushed my butt back into his crotch and felt his already rock-hard cock against me. He gripped my hip for a moment, pulling me into him, and thrust his dick against my ass...then released me and turned me over to face him. He kissed me deeply, making my lips burn and my body tingle; it had been forever and a day since I'd been kissed like that. 

He pulled back for a moment and we studied each other, and then his arms tightened around me again. He kissed me hard, his kiss full of need, and I kissed him back in the same manner. His cock swelled even more against me, and I could feel it throbbing against my stomach. I swung one leg over his body and pulled myself up so I could feel his massive hard-on against my wet and tingling pussy. Even with our clothes on, he felt so good between my legs that I almost came right then. 

Swiftly, we sat up and tore off each others' shirts in the heat of the moment. He pulled off my bra, and then we tackled each others' pants and underwear. His underwear was damp with precum, and mine was soaked with my own arousal. His fingers found their way down along my clit and I shuddered with pleasure, and then inside me, where he fingered me in little thrusts. I wrapped my hands around his swollen member and stroked hard and fast, using his increasing droplets of precum as a lubricant. 

What seemed like only a moment later, he pulled his hands away from my now dripping wet pussy and lay on his back, pulling me on top of him. He held his visibly throbbing cock still as I sat down on top of him, effectively shoving him inside of my tingling abyss. He reached up for my breasts as I rode him, and rubbed them, massaged them, cupped them in his hands. He pulled me down far enough for him to lean up and suck each of my erect nipples, which had been dying to feel the heat of his tongue on them. As he did so, the tautness of his abdominal muscles sent me over the edge, and I cried out in ecstasy. At the same time, he thrust deep inside of me and threw his head back, engulfed in the sensations of his own orgasm. He filled me up with shot after shot of creamy cum, and we both writhed against each other in ecstasy. 

But we weren't finished. We turned over, without his pulling out, and he began thrusting hard in and out of me, barely losing any of his wonderful hardness. I moaned, softly, at first, but more loudly as I became sensitive again. I thrust my hips up in time with his movement, rubbing my aching clit along his pelvic bone, feeling the most exquisite sensations. He kissed my lips, my neck, my collarbone, and I gently bit his earlobe, which was a hotspot for him; he sucked in a sharp breath and shuddered slightly, which made me nibble more. 

"Oh my god..." he whispered hoarsely. "You feel amazing..." He buried his face in my shoulder, his movements getting more frantic as he hurtled towards a second orgasm. 

I wasn't too far off myself, and I couldn't tell if the wetness on the bedspread was me, him, or both of us. My juices were pouring out of me, making him slide easily in and out, in and out. And then I couldn't hold back any more. I dug my nails into his back when I came again, and he moaned, "Scream for me, oh god, scream for me..." And I did. He didn't have to ask me to, my orgasm was so intense that I couldn't keep from screaming. My whole body contracted around the spasm, and I convulsed in his arms. The sensation of my cumming was so intense for him that it pushed him over his own edge and he came too, hard, and he buried his sweet, rock-hard dick inside of me as deep as he could. 

As each of our orgasms subsided, we slowly separated and lay down together. Suddenly, I jolted awake, not even realizing that I'd fallen asleep. I glanced at the clock and realized that if I didn't want to get caught, he had to leave now. Near panic, I shook him awake and said, "He'll be back any time now. You must go." He stood up and dressed quickly, then gave me a quick kiss goodbye and left, not even leaving me a way to get in touch with him. I felt overwhelmingly sad and lonely, and I cried myself to sleep.

When I woke up, it was light, and my husband still wasn't home. The feeling of emptiness in my heart got worse, making it so I couldn't get back to sleep, so I put on my robe and wandered listlessly out to the kitchen. There was a small piece of paper folded up on the counter that hadn't been there the night before. Curious, I opened it up. 

"Never before has a woman made me feel so complete. Here's my main email address, please write me. Jason."