 Frank was a bit above average guy in every department, looks, fitness, dress, manners and so on. At 29, almost six feet, 175 lbs, he was recently divorced, his wife having had a fling with his (ex) best mate.

He was taking a break from the necessary reorganisation of his life on a ten day cruise.

Having just left the departure port, Frank was circumnavigating the promenade deck to stretch his legs and inhale some sea air. He was chatting to a brand new acquaintance, Bill.

They stopped at a framed poster and studied the international maritime signal flags.

"I have a favorite," Jack explained to Bill, "Z for Zulu in the alphabet or I need a tug."? Have you seen Billy Connelly on his TV show about the North West Passage looking at a similar poster and saying, 'I need a tug, I know that feeling, I know it well'?"

Bill said, "They were tugs that pulled us out of the harbour," not quite getting the point of the story.

Frank had been staring at the wall chart but when he turned to continue the conversation with Bill he was ten feet away and he had been replaced by a small, tubby, blonde lady about 20 years his senior.

"Couldn't help hearing the joke, I have seen that show. That guy is so funny except I have trouble with his Glaswegian accent."

The first thing Frank noticed about his latest acquaintance was that her immaculate T shirt and shorts had come from a high end shop and her jewellery was worth a fortune.

"My name is Christina, with an 'a' don't even think of shortening it to Chris, Christine or anything else. I think you'll do. My tugs are the best ever, be in my cabin in 40 minutes. Deck 12, aft end past the sign that says 'no passengers'. Just walk in when you get there. Aft is the opposite to the pointed end of the ship."

Frank was stunned and stood on the spot staring at her.

She continued, "I'll repeat, my hand jobs are exquisite. Have one and you will be begging for more."

"You are quite forward, a bit pushy perhaps, but what's to lose?"

"I'm very forward, very pushy, very opinionated, very lots of things including very wealthy so I get my own way more often than not."

Frank walked in to her cabin 40 minutes later and she called out from the bathroom for him to join her. She was in a giant bath tub almost submerged under the foam and drinking champagne which had been set out for two.

Frank's first words were, "You have closets bigger than my cabin."

"It's called the owners' suite. We use it for board members, top executives and celebrities. My husband is chairman of the shipping company's board of directors and we own a good chunk of the shares. He is joining me at our destination for the trip back. Now get your clothes off and get in."

Frank stripped and got in to the tub, Christina poured him a glass of champagne. 

She laid down few rules, "This is not going to be a relationship, by the time I get to the end of the gangplank at the final port I will have forgotten your name. All activities will be at my discretion, I call the shots. I can assure you will not be sorry and you can quit at any time."

Frank just sat and stared at her, mostly at her large breasts that he was able to study every time she moved or picked up her glass as they bobbed above the suds.

"Time for the main event," Christina said as she caused the water level to fall to the point where she could see and handle Frank.

The hand job was beyond exquisite. Time and time again she took him to the brink and back. The variety of her strokes and the timing was amazing and left Frank desperate for the ending and desperate for it not to stop.

Finally, Christina released what was left of the bath water and they dried themselves.

She took Frank by the arm and steered him towards the bedroom. 

"I want you too bring me to orgasm with your hands. Nothing else at this point. Let me see your nails, you might need a manicure?"

Frank passed inspection 'for now' and Christina dropped spreadeagle on the bed.

Frank sat on the edge of the bed and surveyed the goods. She was a classic camel toe, as expected for her body weight, and also what he would call a 'hamburger' with two nicely protruding 'slices of meat' guiding incoming traffic. The area was as hairless as a billiard ball and gave no clue as to her real hair colour.

Frank ran his fingers up and down the inner and upper lips and then found a fairly substantial clitorus. He checked with her constantly to make sure that the pressure was right but she seemed easily pleased. 

The best bit and the part that brought her to climax involved inserting two fingers from one hand and twiddling her clit between the thumb and forefinger of the other. He quickly learned how to make her almost levitate off the bed with this technique.

An hour or so after Frank's arrival Christine sent him off, "This is a working trip for me and I have reports to submit. Go away and come back at ten tonight. Do not fuck any other females on the ship, I don't want their germs and don't want you to come back weary."

When Frank returned, Christine had some more instruction, "I'm good for about 30 minutes of activity. You will sleep here with me but if at any time during the night you talk in your sleep, make too much movement or snore you will immediately go back to your own cabin. Stinky farts will have the same result."

Christina gave Frank another exquisite tug and included a short session of oral too. 

Then she said, "Same for me, hand relief and a little oral."

"I haven't kissed you on the lips yet, I mean the face lips."

"I call the shots but thanks for reminding me. Give me a big hug and a few kisses before you dive below."

As soon as Christina felt satisfied she rolled over and went to sleep. Apparently, Frank's sleeping habits were up to standard because he didn't get evicted during the night.

Christina ordered room service breakfast and told Frank to take the all day excursion off the ship as she was busy.

"It is booked out, too late, and it is too expensive."

Christina picked up a phone and brusquely demanded to have the Purser put on the line.

Frank caught most of the conversation.

"The young man in D45. He will be on the tour today, no excuses. He will not be charged for any extras on this cruise. If he has a shipboard credit, reverse it back to his credit card. That will do for now."

Christina sent Frank off with an invitation for dinner that night in her suite, "The Captain will be eating with us too. I will send him off when he starts to bore us but I have to pretend to enjoy his company."

Frank had a couple of hours rest between the shore excursion and returning to Christina's suite. He got there just before the Captain. Christina was wearing a long gown and dripping with gold and jewels.

When the Captain was almost within hearing range, Christina whispered to Frank, "I have no underwear on under this lot. If you get a chance to cop a feel when the Captain is distracted I would appreciate it."

Frank didn't have much luck at first but when the Captain was in the middle of one of his stories about saving a big ship or overrunning a small country Jack pretended to drop something under the table and succeeding in placing an ice cube between Christina's upper thighs.

As luck would have it, Christina's shock and excitement coincided exactly with the climax of the Captain's story and he was thrilled that the wife of the Chairman had enjoyed his epic tale so much.

"You were so naughty, I might have knocked the table over, but we got away with it," Christina said later, "You are so much more than a sexy plaything, I'm glad I found you."

They showered together and repeated the previous night's activities, only this time Christina instigated the kissing and cuddling.

The following day they were in port again after steaming overnight but Frank didn't care for a shore run. Christina arranged for him to visit the ship's bridge, go out on a lifeboat training exercise and see places on board that passengers do not normally visit. He spent the afternoon sleeping, swimming and walking on the promenade deck.

That evening they had the first officer to dinner and this time Frank tucked a handwritten note in Christina's camel toe. She half expected it when Frank dropped a fork and went under the table but it surprised her nonetheless. He was amused when she recovered the note without the first officer noticing and even more amused when she was asked to explain why she couldn't stop laughing for no apparent reason. Frank had drawn a Zulu flag (I need a tug).

After the first officer had gone, they took coffee to a pair of armchairs and relaxed.

Christina looked thoughtfully at Frank and he wondered if he was about to be sent on his way. She might be bored with him or there might be better pickings on the ship.

"You have probably guessed that you are not the first younger male to be recruited in this fashion. Actually, sometimes I go for crew members, depends on what's available. I never have intercourse with anyone other than my husband. I think you are going to be an exception. Let's go to bed - from now on you can call the shots and I am going to try not to be so bossy."

As the end of the cruise and the end of their relationship was closing in, Christina announced that she had made a special arrangement for their final night. 

"I am borrowing two lovely 20 year old Philippine girls from the galley cleaning crew. One each but we will all be in the same bed so there will be opportunities for swapping. I've told them that if they stay all night they will get up to five hundred each and I will get my husband to sign off on favourable comments on their personnel files. He doesn't need to know exactly what personal services they provided."

"That should be incentive enough for a very special time," laughed Frank.

Frank and Christina swapped phone numbers and plan to be on the same ship once a year. The ex galley hands were promoted to the owners' suite as the shipping line's first female butlers. There is always the possibility of a repeat of the four in a bed finale.