 As I approach my 60th birthday, I have finally taken a few steps to live a healthier lifestyle. My doctor told me there would be many benefits.

As Mickey Mantle once said, "If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself."

In addition to eating healthier foods, I've done a lot of walking. Maybe I'll work up to jogging, but so far walking has been great.

One night I got started a little late, on a cool night in the early fall. It was a little after 10 o'clock and I was walking past an apartment complex. There was a loud party going on and as I went by, a couple of girls in their early twenties staggered down the steps from the second story apartment and into the parking lot. Now, I don't know what phrases they use nowadays to describe "drunk as a skunk," but I'll just say these girls were smashed! They were both barefoot, carrying their shoes. Both were wearing miniskirts and loose fitting tops. One was tall and slender, with long blonde hair down to her waist. The other was about 5 foot 3 inches, not fat, but a little heavy set with black hair. She was fumbling with her keys, dropping them twice, and swearing up a storm because she couldn't unlock her car.

I was close enough to enjoy the view of her bending over to pick up her keys and also to speak to them without raising my voice.

"Don't you think you should find someone to drive you home?" I asked.

I was prepared for a rude, combative response and wasn't disappointed. She was already pissed and I became a target for her anger. Let's just say that she said they were fine.

But they weren't fine. While I didn't want them get get into any trouble, I also didn't want them getting behind the wheel. I was able to diffuse the situation and Shorty suddenly said, "Fine. You drive us home then. Then she threw the keys at me. My wife thinks it's sexy when I nonchalantly catch the keys or whatever she throws my way, so I naturally caught them as casually as I could, considering I wasn't expecting this development. I figured they would call one of their friends or something, and now here I was with the keys in my hand."

I thought they probably lived just a few miles away, but that turned out not to be the case. The two girls climbed into the car, shorty in the back and the tall one in front. After I started the car, the blonde told me where they lived. It was about 45 minutes away. On the bright side, the car was a model I had owned many years ago - a 1966 Dodge Polara. Big and roomy with nice bench seats.

Before I even got to the street, Shorty in the back had passed out. not two minutes later, the other one had done the same, only she had her head in my lap. Her face rested directly on my quickly stiffening cock. In my mind, I pictured her sucking me dry as we drove through the night. I don't know what she was dreaming about.

The harder I got, the more uncomfortable I became. I tried shifting around, but it was no use. I accidentally woke her up with my moving around and she moved her hand under her face, palm down. As I drove, her hand began to grip my cock through my pants. I think she was still asleep. I thought I was going to come in my pants and kept moving to try and get comfortable. 

At one point she lifted her head, noticing the bulge in my pants that she had a good tight grip on, and said, "Oh, wow." 

I'm not sure she knew where she was or how she got there, but I was afraid she was going to freak out. Without looking up at me, she looked around, stroked my cock a couple of times, and asked, "Can I suck you?"

I tried to answer, I really did, but no words came out. Fortunately she didn't wait for an answer. In no time, she had my pants unzipped, unbuttoned, and she wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. Finally I was able to speak. I said, "Aaaaaahh, oooooaaaah, ooooooooh!"

She took that as approval and slid her mouth down my shaft. I almost came right then. Her warm, soft, sweet mouth felt like heaven. There was nothing subtle about her sucking skills. She just bobbed up and down quickly. She had her back to the seat and her head on my stomach and was sucking greedily. I reached down with my right hand and quickly found her right breast, which was a little smaller than average with a large and very hard nipple. As I squeezed it, she moaned and continued sucking. I was getting close and moaned loudly. That was the best warning I could give her as I thrust my hips erupted in her mouth. She gagged and coughed a bit, but never released my dick from her mouth, continuing sucking and then taking me deep into her mouth as my orgasm subsided. 

She held me like that for another five minutes or so. When she slowly let me out of her mouth, "she said, "You can drive me home anytime."

Speaking of home, when she sat back up we were about five minutes away from her home. When we got there, she kissed me on the neck and thanked me for the ride. Then she opened the back door and woke up Shorty, whom I'd forgotten about.

She climbed into the front seat. Apparently she lived another twenty minutes away . She was still pretty out of it, and after a few minutes she fumbled around in her purse asking what she could pay me. I told her that was not at all necessary.

Apparently she felt something was necessary and practically dove into my lap and pulled out my limp cock. I couldn't remember the last time I had come twice in one night, let alone in less than a half an hour, but I wasn't about to tell her to stop. When my dick only slightly responded to her licking and sucking, she said, "Don't worry, I'm really good at this." And good she was. She had her head in my lap so I could watch her take me into her mouth. As I began to harden, she said, "I told you I was good at this. How long has it been since you had a blowjob, mister?" I think she though I took a while to get hard because of my age. I didn't have the heart to tell her it had only been about 15 minutes.

I think I said she was good. She was REALLY good. It wasn't long before I was fully erect, but still a long ways from spilling my load in her mouth. She was much slower than her friend, clearly enjoying having me in her mouth and sucking, kissing, licking with equal enthusiasm. I started rubbing here tits with my right hand which made me more excited. She then surprised me by grabbing my wrist and putting my hand on the back of her head and pushing her head farther down my shaft. I took the hint and pushed hard which was all I needed to explode in her mouth. I pulled back a little so she could taste my juices and then forced her head back down so my cock was down her throat. When I let her back up, she was breathing heavily as she said, "I told you I was good!"

She was VERY good!

"You were great, honey," I told her.

When she sat back up, we found we had gone too far, and after looking at my watch, I think she had been blowing me for 45 minutes! Finally I got her home and she invited me inside. I had to tell her if I didn't get home soon, my wife was going to kill me.

I helped her into her apartment and told her I would bring her car back tomorrow. On the way home, I tried to make up a story about where I'd been. I got home about 2 o'clock and my wife woke up because the dog was yapping. Stupid dog. So instead of having all night to make something up, I had to tell her what happened right then.

I decided the best course of action was to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. which I did, except for the two blowjobs and the fantastic firm breasts I was able to fondle. I felt it was best to leave that out.

"That's so sweet!" my wife said, licking her lips, "I think you deserve a nice reward." now my wife didn't blow me often, and I couldn't turn her down. I can't remember the last time I cam three times in one night, but wait, that's a lie. I remember every detail about that night. It was spring break in Cabo San Lucas, and ... well, that's a story for another time!