 My husband and I bought a house in downtown Huntington, WV close to the Marshall University campus. He renovated it and converted it into three apartments that we rented out to college students. One of our tenants had graduated the previous semester and we had yet to post the apartment. Therefore, I would use it on occasion whenever I would spend a long evening in the library following my night class. Or, whenever I would go out with some friends after class and was in no shape to drive home. 

Last Thursday night was a perfect example. I had been pouring over journals in the Drinko Library when my friend Lori called my cell. She had just got out of her night class and wanted to do something. I told her that I needed to finish up a few things, but that I would meet her at ICON in about an hour. With finals approaching, not to mention being a full-time wife and mother, a part-time student, and a substitute teacher life was beginning to get frustrating. I could use a good night out, I thought. So, I called my husband and told him that I would be staying at the apartment. I told him that I loved him, and then said good night. 

When I arrived at ICON, I was not surprised to find that Lori had already made two friends. She is twenty-six, twelve years younger than me, about 5'2" and 135 lbs, straight auburn shoulder length hair, a very pretty face, a lot of personality, and she usually wears low cut tops that really show off her large round breasts. 

As I made my way to their table, I could tell both young men were checking me out. It felt good, a little odd; maybe even a little exciting having guys so much younger find me attractive. Although, I'm 38 years old, I still find myself getting shy around new people. I mean, I still don't look my age by any means. Being petite and weighing a little over 100 lbs. with long brown hair. Most people still think I'm in my mid to late twenties. 

As I arrived at the table, the young man on the left stood up and introduced himself as Rick. He was tall, good looking, maybe 6'2" and in very good shape. He wore blue jeans and an off-white t-shirt with some hunting logo on his chest. He had short dark hair, a dark complexion, and brown eyes. Lori then leaned forward and said, nearly yelling over the music, "This is Chris. We met in class a couple weeks ago." 

I extended my hand and Chris rose slightly and took it, he shook it and said, "You must be Ellen. Lori has told us all about you." I just smiled and looked toward Lori, who was very focused on her friend. 

I looked back at Rick as he pulled a chair out from the table for me to sit. I sat in the chair beside Rick and gazed around the bar. It was full of college students blowing off steam after a long week of winter classes. Rick leaned over to me and said, "Can I ask you a question?" 

"Sure." 

"Lori told me that you are married." 

"Yes" taking annoyed glance in Lori's direction, wondering what else Lori had told him about me.

"But, you go out and your husband, he doesn't mind?" 

"That's right." 

"Ok." He gave me a curious look, and then leaned over and said, "I'll be honest, if I had a wife that looked as good as you, I would never let her go out in a college town." 

I felt the blood rushing to my face as I thanked him for his compliment.

A waitress came by and took our drink order. He ordered a Budweiser for himself and a Lynchburg Lemonade for me. Apparently, Lori did tell him a lot about me, I thought to myself. 

Rick and I continued to talk over the loud music. I found out that he was originally from somewhere outside of Pittsburg, PA, that he was the oldest of three boys, and that he had played football for Marshall for two years before he tore his MCL or something. We talked and got to know each other a little better. A couple more drinks and I was starting to loosen up. He asked me to dance, and held out his hand. I took it and he led me to the dance floor. 

The music was loud and powerful and my body moved sensuously in time to the beat. From the corner of my eye I noticed that Lori was really into Chris, she had moved onto his lap, she would laugh and throw her head back flipping her hair, and move in to give him kisses. I grinned to myself and turned my attention back to Rick. 

Moving in time to the music my body pressed against his. The music pulsed in my veins as I ran my hands over his firm arms and shoulders. I felt his hands explore my back as he pulled my body tightly against his. I put my arms around his shoulders and rested my head on his muscular chest. The first song ended and second began. We continued to sway to the music, pressing our bodies tightly together. I then pulled my head off his chest, moved my right arm up behind his head and pulled his head down to mine. Our lips met. His breath was hot in my mouth. His tongue parted my lips. As my body moved against his, our lips locked passionately, our tongues playfully darting against the other, I felt a bulge forming in his pants. Instinctively I moved my body, rubbing against it, feeling it grow. 

A tap on my shoulder, our kiss released, I turned to see Lori's coy smile, as she said that she and Chris were leaving and asked if I would be alright. I smiled and said, "I'll be fine. Have fun." 

"Oh, we will, you too." Lori responded with a wink and a mischievous grin. She turned and walked away hand in hand with Chris. Looking back she gave me a wave as she walked out the door. Then I turned back to Rick. 

We danced for a bit more. With my back to him I wriggled my ass suggestively against his crotch. Rick's hands were on my hips, pulling me tighter against him. I spun round and kissed him again. As my tongue explored his mouth I let my hands drop to his muscular chest. I began rubbing his chest, feeling muscles flex between my fingers, marveling at his physical prowess and imagining what more my young friend had to offer. His left hand continued to rub my back slowly as his right found my ass. His strong grasp sent chills throughout my body, increasing my already growing wetness. As the song ended, we parted; I smiled at him looking into his gorgeous brown eyes. A new song had begun with a fast tempo and thunderous beat. The dance floor quickly filled with several people, the air was hot from their bodies and smelled like a mixture of sweat, alcohol, and perfume. As Rick gave my ass a little squeeze we made our way off the dance floor and back to our table. I sat down and he sat facing me.

As we finished our drinks; Rick rested his hand on my leg. He began softly massaging my leg, gradually inching his way up my thigh. Growing anticipation crept over me, my wetness continued to grow. I then leaned forward, gave him another kiss and placed my hand on his crotch. I rubbed it under my palm and fingers feeling its size. He jerked slightly, but his cock responded, growing beneath my fingers. I then leaned to his ear and said, "I want this inside me!" giving it a slight squeeze to make my point clear. He nodded, we gathered our things, and we were soon making our way to the door.

Once outside, Rick said that he had a car parked on 3rd Avenue. I informed him that I had an apartment just a couple of blocks up 8th Street. "Fine," he replied, "your place it is." We took the short walk, hand in hand. Small talk was a thing of the past as we hurried our pace. As we approached the house, I stopped at the foot of the porch steps. I took one step up, turned, and gave Rick another passionate kiss, at his own height, my hands behind his head, his hands grasping my ass. As we continued our passionate embrace, his right moved up my back and around my body, his firm hand grazed the side of my breast. I let his hand settle in as he gradually began massaging my chest. My pussy was hot with anticipation; I could feel the moisture in my jeans. A car drove down 7th Avenue, its lights flashed upon us, however, we did not move. The car turned at the corner and disappeared down the street. I slowly pulled back, taking Rick's hand I backed up the steps guiding him up onto the porch. The light was out and the house cast a shadow over the entrance way, I kissed him again. My hand ran down his chest, across his well muscled abdomen, and again into his crotch. I was not surprised to find him already hard. "I can't wait." I whispered hoarsely as my hands tugged at his jeans. "I want you now!" 

Suddenly Rick's hands were all over me. He tugged at my top, pulling it up over my breasts. My bra was quickly pushed aside and I felt his hot tongue flick over my nipples. I had to stop myself from crying out, as he began sucking them warmly into his mouth. Although, the thought of somebody watching has always excited me, I didn't want any of the neighbors, or our tenants, looking outside to investigate any strange noises. I pushed him back against the front door, and took a deep breath. I reached down and unfastened his pants. I released his cock from its confinement. "I want it now," I demanded I was so turned on. 

I knelt down in front of him, my back to the street. I opened my mouth and took him in between my lips. His cock was nice, just right, nearly 7 inches long, not too thick, with a strong flavor of salty pre-cum. I sucked hard, my lips sliding up and down his shaft, my hands stroking him rapidly. Occasionally, I would look up at Rick as his hands gently ran through my hair. Our eyes would meet and I could see the pleasure in his face. His head threw back, and he continued to moan. Cars periodically passed by on the street below. His moans gradually became stronger as I sucked harder, his hands grasping my hair tightly, and his hips starting to thrust. Finally, I was taking him full in, with my hand massaging his balls, rolling them between my fingers, squeezing them firmly. "Oh fuck, I can't hold on. Here it comes!" he groaned. 

His cock twitched violently sending a surge of hot sperm into my mouth. I swallowed reflexively as jet after jet of cum shot down my throat. "Oooooh... God... yes!!!" he exclaimed as he emptied himself. Finally his climax subsided. I sucked the last few drops from his rapidly diminishing cock. I wiped my lips with the back of my hand as I stood up, and adjusted my clothes. I smiled as Rick pulled up his pants, tucked himself back inside and zipped his jeans. 

"Right," I said with a hungry smile on my face, "shall we go upstairs now?"

Dumbstruck, all Rick could do was nod. :) 

I fumbled through my purse looking for the keys, my hands still trembling. I found the key, inserted it into the lock, turned the knob, and pushed open the door. I walked up the stairs, Rick following behind. The apartment was basically bare, except for a couch and chair, an older floor model television, some kitchen appliances, a bed, and a dresser with a few of my things in there for my occasional overnights. Our former renter had even left a few of her posters on the wall. 

As we entered the apartment, I turned and saw Rick giving the place the once over. I let him look, and then said, "The room I think you are looking for is right through that door." I said with a smile. 

He walked forward through the door into the bedroom, "Exactly," he said in a hushed tone. He turned on the light, and walked toward the bed. He sat down on the edge, as I watched him from the doorway. He looked at me like a hopeful puppy wanting to play. I walked slowly toward the bed and he rose up to meet me. I stopped, put one finger in the air, and he submissively sat back down. As I walked, I kicked off my shoes and unfastened my pants, letting my hands linger over the button, and then slowly pulling my zipper down. Rick's eyes were transfixed. I put my thumbs inside of my loosened waistline and slowly pushed the pants down over my hips. Bending over I pushed the pants past my knees and slowly stepped out of them. I stood back up and again looked at Rick. He seemed absorbed in the moment. I smiled, and crossed my arms at my waist and pinched the hem of my top lifting it seductively up and over my torso, past my breasts, and over my head. I then tossed it to the floor. Clad in only my black Victoria's Secret bra and panties, wet with anticipation, I stood in front of Rick. 

"Beautiful," he said as he stood from the bed. "You are beautiful." 

"Thank you," I sighed as he approached. 

He took me in his strong arms, his hands against the bare flesh of my back was almost too much. With a single sweep, his fingers unfastened my bra, allowing it to fall loose. He kissed me, his tongue again slipping past my lips. He turned me around and gently lowered me to the bed. He stood in front of me and now it was his turn to teasingly undressed. I watched intently as he slipped out of his clothes. Wearing only his boxers, the silence was broken when he said, "I think I owe you something now." 

"Y-Yes, Yes," I stammered, returning to the moment. 

I slipped off my drenched panties as Rick lay down on the bed. He laid back, his head on the pillow; I climbed on top of him and slowly lowered myself on to his face. "Oooooh!" I cried as his tongue flicked over my tender clit. His tongue softly licked and probed my pussy, sending chills throughout my entire body. I reached behind, leaned back slightly, and touched his gradually inflating cock with my hand. Wrapping my fingers around his shaft, I felt it thicken to my touch.

His tongue continued to lap at my clit with great expertise. He would suck it into his mouth, roll it around his tongue, then release and continue the flicking motion. Rick's tongue darted inside me and then his mouth fastened itself onto my clit once more. His hands reached up for my tits and began to squeeze them as his tongue flicked over my clit, sending bolts of pleasure throughout my body. I ground myself harder against his face as he pressed my tits together and began to roll my nipples between his thumb and fingers. I could feel my pussy begin to contract. I surrendered myself to the sensations down below. I came violently. The sensations in my womb were so intense they were almost painful. "Aaahh,,, yesssss!" I cried out as his tongue still flicked lightly against my clit. "Fuck!" I pushed myself harder against his mouth, feeling my own warm cum flowing into his mouth. "Yesss! Yesss! Yesss!" Each lash of his tongue sent another shudder of pleasure through me. My pussy was on fire and I simply had to have his cock inside of me. 

"I want you now! Fuck me now!" I demanded. 

Unable to take any more, I began to move down his body. His chest was smooth, muscular, and slick with sweat. Each breath made his chest rise quickly with anticipation. I reached back between my legs and grasped his cock, positioning it where I could engulf it within me. I pushed my hips back and felt it easily slide, inch by delicious inch, into my hot cunt. I leaned forward, giving Rick a perfect view of his cock being devoured by my hungry pussy. I rocked back and forward, sliding up and down the length of his shaft. As I did, I felt his fingers tracing around the point where our bodies became one. He ran his fingers softly through my neatly trimmed pubic hairs, before reaching around and grasping firmly to my ass. 

I became aware of a pressure against my other entrance. I pushed my hips back on the way to engulf his cock once more when I felt his finger press slowly into the confines of my ass. Penetrating me there as his cock penetrated my pussy. I moved slowly, savoring the strange feeling of having both holes filled at the same time. This was not something that I was used to, but the lust in me wanted more. "Oooooh!" I cried out again, my tight rear hole stretched to accommodate his plunging finger. In and out his finger thrust as I slipped up and down on his cock. "God, Yesss..." I squealed. 

"Aaahh... God!" Rick sighed. 

My pace quickened, now lowering myself down until his cock was buried inside of me. His cock felt huge inside the limits of my womb as I again slid along its length. 

"Fuck Ellen! That feels so good," Rick moaned. 

I smiled to myself and began to move my hips even faster. Up and down, back and forward. Supporting my body with my hands pressed against Rick's muscular chest. The feelings were so intense; I was cumming in no time. 

"Oh yes! Oh yess!" I cried as the first wave of orgasmic bliss broke over me. Rick's breathing was also getting labored. The contractions of my orgasm were proving too much for him. 

"Christ, Ellen, I can't hold on," he groaned. 

"Fuck!" I screamed in total and complete pleasure. Gasping for air, as another wave of ecstasy overtook me. 

Lost, within my own orgasmic world, I replied, in the heat of the moment, "Do it! Give me your cum. Fuck me baby!!! Cum inside my pussy!!!" He withdrew his finger from my ass, clutched the cheeks of my ass firmly, and began thrusting his cock deeper inside of me, an untamed rhythm. With a groan and a shudder Rick came.

"Aaahhhh." I groaned. As his cock sent out its load of hot sperm deep inside of me as I too covered him with my own gushing juices. 

I continued to ride Rick's deflating cock until I finally collapsed onto his chest, breathing hard, as we both tried to catch our breath. We lay there for a while, recovering, unable to move. 

Finally, I got up and made my way to the bathroom for a quick shower. The water pulsated against my weary body, but my mind continued to race. I knew Rick would probably tell Chris, and Chris would tell Lori. But I didn't care. I had just had an amazing sexual encounter and I didn't care who knew. Plus, I was sure that it would happen again. I had been with a couple of other guys during my time in graduate school, but none compared to Rick.

Returning to the bedroom, wrapped only in a towel, Rick was still laying on the bed. The room still smelled of sex. I smiled at Rick as I walked past the bed toward the dresser. He sat up slowly and turned his body toward the edge of the bed. He stood, and out of the corner of my eye, I noticed him stagger slightly as he made his way toward me. I laughed to myself. 

Moving in behind me, he wrapped his arms around my waist. "That was incredible." He said. 

"Yeah, it was," I responded, leaning my body back against his. 

"Do you think we can get together again?" He asked.

"Definitely!" I sighed as I turned and gave him another kiss.

But that will be a story for another time.