 It's been three weeks my dear, that you have been securely locked in your chastity cage, unable to touch yourself. You go to work with it on under your clothes, squirming ever so slightly during those long meetings and business lunches. At home you do household chores with it clamped securely around your cock, heavy in your underwear as you move about, a reminder of your servitude to me. At night you sleep with it on, unable to even experience morning wood as it keeps your cock snug and unable to swell. Mmmmmm! Just the thought. We go out on the weekends together shopping, to the movies and even over to a friend's house for dinner. No one has a clue that you are sitting there talking and having wine with your cock under lock and key, contained within a sturdy stainless-steel confine.

But then, why would they? This is our secret, the result of you being unable one night to satisfy me. 

See, I discovered you had jerked off earlier that evening and did not save yourself for me. You were unable to get hard when I needed it, and that is completely unacceptable. Your duty is to me first and foremost, rather than your own desires. I needed a big hard cock inside of me that night and you let me down. 

Once you confessed to me what you had done, I enacted swift discipline training. You knew you deserved it and with a bowed head, said nothing as I made you stand up. I went over to my drawer, opened it and pulled out a black box. Inside, laying in a bed of purple satin was a shiny new cock cage. It was actually a very handsome device that I had looked forward to using.

"I figured I might need this one day..." I said with a little smile. "Now is our chance to make good use of it."

The sight of it made your eyes go wide. It consisted of a series of stainless-steel rings designed to encompass your shaft, and a metal head with a slot in the tip to pee out of. The base was a thick ring that attached under your balls secured with a small padlock.

You groaned as I approached you, kneeling down in front of you. 

"No please..." you begged, imagining the agony of being locked up for as long as I see fit. "I'm sorry I wasn't able to satisfy you...I was so tired and..."

"Tired...yes, from all of that jacking off!" I said contemptuously. "You were so horny you decided to watch porn and squirt out all of your cum before I got home. So we're going to remedy that temptation so that the next time I need you you will be more than ready for me. Now spread your legs."

Reluctantly, you spread your legs apart so I could get to your cock and balls. I unlocked the thick ball ring and opened it up. Then I took your cock and slid it thru the several rings of the cage and snugly fit your cock head into the metal cap. Your pee hole lined up perfectly with the slot in the tip. Once I saw it was secure I slipped the ring around your ball sack where it meets your body and pushed the ends together, then snapped the padlock closed.

There! That takes care of that. Perfect!

You started to pout when I locked it tight, and how cute you look when you pout! But you did this to yourself, after all. And you needed to be taught a lesson. Your cock is mine. It needs to be big and hard and standing at attention for me only. Understand? And by locking you up, you are forced to think about this, every day, every minute, every second.

But tonight I need you. Yes, after three weeks I too am feeling the pangs of deprivation. I think after three weeks, you've been punished long enough, your every erection denied as it strains against its metal cage. Oh yes, it's been hard for me but sheer agony for you, so tonight you will be allowed to serve me...I think you have learned your lesson. I certainly hope so, at least. But this night is going to involve more than just a release from your cage so I can bounce on that cock...there is one more thing I have in store for you so that you will never forget who owns that cock.

I lead you to the bedroom and make you face the wall with your hands braced against it. I position you there so that your ass is jutting out towards me, then leave you there for a moment to wonder what is going to happen. I make you wait as I slip on my strapon, a nice big thick black one. I buckle it around my thighs and around my waist, then grab a bottle of lube and squeeze some on, and work it all over my cock until its nice and slick and ready.

You jump a bit when I return to you and touch your back, your muscles tense, not knowing what to expect. I rub up against your warm skin, reaching around to feel your cock encased in its metal cage. You moan softly as I inspect your imprisonment. Then suddenly, you let out a sharp cry as you feel the tip of my cock beginning to push its way between your ass cheeks. This you did not expect! Caged up...and fucked! First you endure delicious denial and humiliation, making your poor bound up cock throb desperately against its confines...and now this!!

Mmmmmm...look at how you love it!

I find your tight, puckered hole and position my fat cock head into it...I hold it in place as you whimper helplessly, your face pressed against the wall. Then slowly, ever so slowly, I begin to enter your ass. You moan and wriggle like a little bitch, like a virgin girl taking a cock for the first time. Which is exactly what you are! And you love it...oh, how you love it...but your cock can't express itself with its normal upright salute, it is locked up tight, keeping you in a desperate agony of pleasure and frustration.

I slip my cock all the way into your ass, your tight hole squeezing and clenching it like a pussy. I think about how good that would feel if I really had a cock! Your ass would be massaging and milking it and making it throb, making it tingle! Yes, your ass would bring me so much pleasure. But this is just as good, isn't it? I love being in control. 

I begin to thrust, my big rubber cock so full and thick and hard, making you cry and moan with gritted teeth as you take me deep inside over and over. It is a moment of truly surrendering and being used. You cannot pleasure your cock and here you are, bracing yourself against the wall, being taken over and over.

I suddenly stop thrusting and keep my cock stuffed deep up your ass. I reach around to your cock cage. Between my fingers is the key, and I insert it into the lock, feeling around until I twist the key and the lock pops open. You sigh softly as you begin to feel me slip the cage down over your cock, freeing it at long last. Red marks are left where the rings held securely over your shaft. Your new found freedom makes your butthole clench, squeezing my cock. It would not take long for your cock to begin to swell as it has wanted to do for three long weeks. 

You sigh again as you feel my soft, strong hand wrap around that shaft as I stand behind you. It's been so constrained for so long, that just a few flutters of my fingertips begin its journey to a big, firm erection. Your eyes are closed tightly, your ass stuffed with my fat dildo as I stroke you slowly, teasingly, up and down your growing cock.

My...my...that didn't take long...feel how thick and hard it is already! I murmur into your ear as I lean over your shoulder, filling your head with deliciously dirty thoughts, making you moan and shiver as I continue to tease that highly sensitive cock.

I then set the rhythm, pulling my cock slowly out of your ass, then slowly slipping it back deep inside, then all the way out until the just head of it remained gripped by your tight little hole, then pushing it deep inside again. I began to steadily milk your cock until you began to emit little cries of helpless abandon. The freedom your cock has to grow thicker and thicker is as exciting as my firm, filling strokes. It is now standing erect, thick and throbbing as I hold it captive in my grip. Yes, it is all mine and absolutely desperate after so many weeks contained in your cruel constraints.

Your breathing picks up, and I can't blame you. You're about ready to explode, aren't you. I think it's time to get from behind you and try a new position...something that will allow me to take a good look at that big hard cock and enjoy it for the lovely toy that it is, all mine, waiting and wanting to please only me. 

I kiss the back of your neck as I ease my cock out of your asshole. I then take each of your hands, which were still braced against the wall and put them behind your back. Then I march you over to the bed where I lay you down on your back. I tuck a pillow under your ass so it is sticking up towards me, making access easier. 

You close your eyes and moan softly as you part your legs as wide as you can. I look at your cock, full and engorged, laying against your belly. Your big balls are loaded with cum and have already begun to rise up as your erection throbs and jumps into the air. No pun intended, but you know what is coming...

I get on my knees and get into position between your legs. I lift your feet up and rest them on my shoulders so that now you are completely vulnerable, ready to receive. I lube up my cock again and begin to press the head of my big cock against your tight hole. 

"Spread your ass for me," I tell you. I could use the help, while you're just lying there. You reach around and grasp your butt cheeks, spreading them open for me like the horny, submissive bitch you are. I slowly enter as I hear your intake of breath. I watch your cock respond as I begin to penetrate you. You twist and squirm, writhing around as you surrender to the delicious pleasure of your newly released cock bouncing about in full erection while your hungry ass eagerly swallows up my huge cock.

I start to fuck you in earnest, thrusting with great effort and making you yowl in decadent abandonment as I completely possess you. What a glorious, liberating feeling, to finally be released, to be erect and wet like the man-dog you are, getting your ass fucked by your dominating lover. Faster I go, pounding you hard now, getting hungrier and hungrier for what we have both been deprived of for weeks...

You are so turned on that at any moment I can see if I keep pounding you're going to have an orgasm without even touching yourself. Strings of pre-cum cling to your bare stomach as I fuck you deep, eyes tightly shut, riding on wave after wave of pleasure and fulfillment.

Suddenly without warning I withdraw my cock, and you give a moan of frustration. But before you can open your eyes I move up on top of you and squat over your fat cock. I firmly grab your shaft and point your cock upwards and snuggle the head right between my pussy lips. You gasp with amazement as your cock is poised at the warm, wet entrance. I hold it there until I am ready. Then slowly...deliciously, agonizingly slowly...I begin to ease down on it, clenching my pussy as tight as I can.

You let out a long and loud grown, arching your back as the indescribable pleasure goes coursing through out your cock, down your legs, thru your nipples and out your arms like a body wide electric shock, awaking your very soul. You feel every slow, luscious inch of my pussy gripping you so very tightly as it slides...slides...slides all the way down until I am sitting right on top of your loaded balls.

"Now I'm going to take what is mine," I tell you, gazing into your desperate eyes. 

I start to bounce on you, riding that cock, relishing its girth and length penetrating me, stretching me wide open...using you for the cock slave you are. My big black dildo waves around as I bounce. You lay there, trapped beneath me, eyes closed and mouth open, helplessly whimpering as your cock is milked and massaged by my tight, wet pussy. I bring you to the edge over and over, stopping every time as you squirm and try to thrust deep inside, to no avail. I am controlling this show. You denied me, so I now deny you, until I allow you to release weeks of pent up passion and your huge load. 

Mmmmmm!

I continue the delicious torture of bouncing on your fat, straining cock, squeezing it with my pussy until I feel your entire body stiffening. There is no turning back now. Your breath comes in quick pants, your eyes are tightly shut, as if you are about ready to launch into the sky. 

Then suddenly, with a loud cry that comes from your very soul, you surrender to the overwhelming need to orgasm. Thick spurts of cum begin to gush deep into my pussy as it holds your cock tightly as you squirt and squirt. You writhe and moan and shudder as your cock pumps that massive load inside of me. You are completely without control. I keep steady as you buck and shake, coaxing every last drop out of those big balls. Your huge orgasm, the work of squirting out all of that cum and the brain rush from the blissful release has completely exhausted you beyond measure. You lay under me, still jerking and bucking involuntarily, as I mercilessly drain every last drop from you.

Ahhh...yes...that was good. That was very good. My pussy is full of your cum, a huge load that had been building for such a long time, squirted deep inside of me. And now it is time for you to clean up after yourself. 

I move up over your face and position my pussy over your mouth, squatting so that as I part my pussy lips with my fingers, you are ready to receive back all of the cum you pumped into me.

"Open your mouth," I command.

You moan and obey immediately, and I begin to feed you a steady, thick stream of your warm cum. Eagerly you gobble it all up, straining with your tongue to lap up all of it from my pussy as it all drains out.

Good boy.

Mmmm...and now that I am all cleaned up, I turn around and look you in the eyes...your expression is that of a man lost in a beautiful dream. Your eyes are closed with deep satisfaction. You are utterly at peace, complete and suspended in perfection. 

I begin to speak, quietly but firmly.

"Don't forget," I remind you. "This is MY cock and MY cum. Unless you want to be punished by being locked up again, you are not to waste either of them on porn ever again. Have I made myself more than clear?

You nod sleepily, a little smile on your face, still drifting in the delicious headspace of release and contentment. I'm not sure you actually are hearing me...and I wonder if it won't take long before you back at it, jerking off to your porn and forcing me to lock you up again in your cock cage. 

That little smile you still sport makes me wonder if you will disobey me on purpose, relishing the punishment of your big cock locked snug inside those metal rings, your balls swollen with yet another huge load destined for my hot, wet pussy.

I'll be waiting with my lock and key. Mmmmmmmmmm...