 I've always thought that my weakness when it came to sleep was a payment for my other strengths, my high tolerance for pain and emotional fortitude. Most people probably thought of me as a cross between an ice queen and a battle axe. I could probably withstand all sorts of torture but if they applied sleep torture, I'd fold like a soggy house of cards.

Well, last night I hadn't gotten much sleep. We'd received fresh intelligence from the southern border and stayed up late analyzing it and coming up with new plans and contingencies. Jonah had gotten as much sleep as me, but he took it look it in stride, his squinty expression and gruff voice only serving to soften his usually formidable appearance. Me, I turned into an owl-eyed shrew. 

He was shuffling through some papers. "Baby, where's the ..."

I sighed loudly, "The what?"

More shuffling. "The ... uh ... "

I turned to glare at him. He felt it through his sleepy fog and looked up. "The defense plans for the western border," he enunciated.

"No idea." I snapped, and stormed out of the room.

Knowing you're a being a bitch doesn't actually help you stop, especially when your head is throbbing. I kept this up all morning, taking a small perverse pleasure in provoking a response. So far I'd only earned a few narrow eyed looks and stern tones, but I knew he'd revolt soon enough. One of the things I loved about him was that he didn't take any shit, despite my penchant for giving it to him.

It was early afternoon when that wave crested. Jonah was organizing some of the men in some fighting exercises. We didn't anticipate a clash anytime too soon but Jonah always kept us at the ready. I had heading out away from the huts towards my herb gardens.

"Liza, hold up a sec." 

I stopped walking but didn't turn towards him, to express my displeasure.

"Listen, I know you're tired. How about you take a nap now?"

"I don't need a nap," I snapped, disproving my own point. "I'm not a baby" 

"You're not a baby, but you're acting like one" he grated.

"You know what? Screw you," I fumed. "I don't need you following me around telling me what to do." Right in front of everyone, too. Maybe I was PMSing. 

I stormed off around the copse of trees, coming up with other mean and totally undeserved things to say in my head. I'd made it almost to the herb gardens when I heard long strides crunching behind me. Time's up.

I glanced behind me but that was a mistake. His scowl was seriously scary and his walk was totally predatory. All of a sudden I wanted to wimp out. I sped up, but his longer legs easily kept pace with mine. We continued forward in this strange but age old dance of predator and prey, keeping our distance.

Then in a burst, I ran for it. I headed towards the cabin that I knew was nearby. I hadn't thought through how that was going to help me, but the draw of shelter was pretty instinctual.

The branches snapped at my arms and face but I didn't slow down or look back. I didn't need to; I knew he would follow. I broke through the clearing and sprinted the last few yards into the cottage and slammed the door. 

There was no lock. I spotted the table and chairs in the corner and dashed over, intending to use a chair under the doorknob as a barrier. But as I reached the corner the door slammed open, bringing a rush of angry wind.

I froze. Then turned.

He stepped inside the cabin, looking incredibly focused and furious.

"So, you're in a pissy mood today." His calm tone was eerie in wake of our chase.

I, on the other hand, was breathless. "Go away."

"No, I don't think so. There's something else I'd like to do."

"Leave me alone."

"Hmm, are you going to tell me no?" he inquired mildly, shutting the cabin door and advancing towards me.

"I'm serious," I quavered. "Get out!"

At that he jumped me, literally jumped me. I found myself in the air and then just braced myself for impact. Next thing I knew I was on the ground getting mauled and mauling right back, but I wasn't hurt, not seriously. 

Jonah's hands were on my breasts then under my shirt and pulling my ass up against his erection and behind my neck holding my head still for his harsh kisses and bites and licks and I was completely surrounded. I fought him though. I wasn't ready to surrender.

I know I managed a good few kicks in and a bunch to his arm. I wasn't some weakling little girl who fought him slaps and tickles either. I packed real force, he had trained me after all, and I didn't pull my punches. I knew he was, though, holding himself back, but it didn't feel like it in the moment. It felt like a real fight.

"Say no." he gasped out. "Tell me no."

"Fuck off," I snarled, and twisted his fingers off of my breast.

He snarled right back and forced his leg between my legs and grabbed one of my wrists above my head, the other was trapped beneath his weight on the floor. A few wriggles proved my struggles were more of an erotic show than effective refusal and I stilled.

Jonah's eyes were glittering with excitement and arousal and I wanted to jump his bones but I was completely pinned. He lowered his head slowly to mine and his tongue licked my lips. It wasn't a soothing lick or even a tasting one, it was a vulgar rubbing of his tongue on my lips and I bit him on his lip in return.

His knee that was between my legs pushed obscenely into my crotch, pushing my whole body up, and that small shift was enough to get my hand free. I attacked him then, like a fucking lunatic, because that was the game and I was completely in it at that moment. I'm pretty sure I hurt him and probably hurt myself too, bucking and yanking and biting.

He grabbed a hold of my wrist again and I turned my body to try and twist out of his grasp. But he took advantage at that moment and pushed me onto my stomach with my arm twisted behind him. There was no way out for me now, until he let me go.

His knee was pressing into my back and I could still breathe but it was difficult. A panic started to rise in me. I'm not sure if it was just a normal human response to being trapped, then, or my past nightmares come to haunt me, but I felt real fear then.

"No," I breathed.

"Wh - what?" he asked.

"No," I repeated.

There was a pause, just a beat, and then he sprung up and away from me. Dammit, I hated that this still happened, but thank god for Jonah.

He backed up a few steps and stood, breathing heavily. His hair was wild and his arms dangled uselessly down at his sides by his heaving chest, reminding me of an ape. But I wasn't scared anymore, because animals didn't stop when you told them no. 

"Did I hurt you?"

I drew in a breath but didn't move from my face down position on the floor. "Just checking," I glanced at him over my shoulder. "Come back here."

"Are you sure?"

I just wanted him back, holding me, filling me. "What? Can't stand the heat?" 

I had taunts to get him back but he hauled me up off the floor from behind and pushed me down on the table, bent over. He pushed my pants down to my knees before I was aware. Then he slammed into me from behind, as deep and as hard as he could go. My body surged forward from the force, leaving my breathless.

He held deep inside, "Okay?"

It was suffocatingly perfect. "Try to keep up, will you?" I managed to get out.

He pulled back, settled his hands on both of my shoulders, and then slammed into me again. Holy shit. With my body held immobile he managed to go even deeper, jabbing me painfully deep. I made a sound, an involuntary sort of squeak, and sucked in a breath.

His hips ground into my ass, "Up, enough?"

"Yes," I breathed in surrender. My upper body firmly down between his body and the table, my legs were completely useless and I was getting deliciously rammed from behind. I couldn't have moved if I wanted to but of course I didn't want to.

He pulled back again and began a steady thrusting motion, rocking me into the table. The table was pressing into me, close to my clit but not close enough. I strained my body trying to get it to reach but I couldn't move - but that was exciting too. Between my submission and the friction of his cock inside me I could feel my orgasm building.

There's something scary about a really good orgasm because you completely lose control. A small orgasm, like the kind I can make with my own hands in bed alone, are safe. You just close your eyes and maybe shudder and it's pleasure but you're always in control of it. Mind blowing orgasms are another type of submission, in addition to being held down and fucked, I was going to lose it.

And I did. My orgasm hit me like a sledgehammer and all I could do was cry out and shake and take his cock again and again. I'm pretty sure I stopped breathing. I knew I was flooding his cock with and making animal noises but I didn't have control over my body then. It was so fucking sweet.

As my body tried to restore some semblance of order, I felt Jonah speed up behind me. The force of his passion and his grunts were almost enough to get me aroused again, even in my hypersensitive post orgasmic state. Then his whole body tensed behind me and his hands tightened around my arms painfully as he came and came.

He collapsed on top of me, crushing me while he caught his breath. "Breathe?" he asked.

"No," I gasped out. "But ... don't ... move."

He puffed out a laugh. His right hand gingerly released my arm and reached up to tuck my hair behind my ear. He pressed a light kiss on my temple and then stood up and slid out of me. 

He pulled me down to the floor with him which was good because I was pretty much glued to the table at that point. He lay down spread eagle on the floor and I rested my head on the flesh of his forearm as a pillow. We were both still breathing a little heavily and dazed.

"I'm sorry," I mumbled. "I'm sorry."

"Shhh," he said and brushed my lips with his fore finger in a quieting motion.

But I was already undone. The magic orgasm chemicals had quieted the pounding in my head and here he was being sweet when he should hate me. I leaned my body into his and rubbed him like a cat, marking him and asking for love.

He moaned softly and then rolled up onto his forearms, bracing himself around my head as he began to kiss me tenderly. He stroked me like a cat, too, long soft strokes down my body. I arched up into his touch.

He whispered love words to me, it's okay, baby, don't worry, I love you, just relax, let me love you as he trailed kisses down my jaw and across my shoulder. I wasn't trying to be sexual now but as his soft touch aroused me my hips began undulating, begging.

He entered me slowly this time, slipping in like a thief, and kissing me deeply. He made love to me this time, so incredibly gently and I had to bite my lip to keep from crying right then.

My orgasm was quieter this time and less intense, but exactly what I wanted. It was just love and pleasure and perfection. I just closed my eyes and saw white and breathed in his skin. 

After he came over me, he rolled off and pulled him with him, so that my leg was flung over his thigh and my arm over his chest, my head resting in his shoulder. 

"I didn't know you could do gentle." I teased softly.

"What, you don't like gentle?" he teased back.

"I liked it okay, but I prefer it rough." I lied. Actually they weren't really comparable even though they were both sex. I loved them both but for totally different things. One made me feel safe and the other made me feel loved and both are important.

He just chuckled, though, and said, "You'll take what I give you and you'll love it." He was mostly teasing but I couldn't argue because it was true.

I started to drift away but I felt him press another kiss to me forehead and felt his breath puff warm on my skin as he whispered, "Sleep now, baby. I've got you."