 God, I need a man. I need you!

I'm so horny I can't stand it. My cunt is wet and aching, and that big fake cock just won't do it any more. I push it in and out of me time after time and sure, it can finally make me cum, but I desperately need to be fucked by a big, sweaty, unshaven man, one with a real cock, one that shoots jitsm deep in my pussy, one that I can suck on, one that retains the flavor of my pussy juice and his cum mixed together.

Think about this, I can lay on my back with my legs spread wide. If I raise my legs and grab my heels, my slippery wet pussy hole is wide open, waiting for you. You don't have to go anything except unzip your pants, take your cock out, stick it in me and start fucking, plunging it as deep into me as you can. You don't even have to touch me anywhere else. You can even leave all your clothes on with just your dick sticking out.

This Goddamned dildo just isn't doing it! No matter how many times I slide it in and out of my pussy I still need more. I can't move it fast enough to do any good and, no matter what they say, it's not warm like you would be and I know it isn't real. The vibrator is not much better. I just get it set on my clit and on the verge of an orgasm and it slips away from the 'G' spot. Your big, real cock wouldn't do that. Every time I think about you fucking me I get even hornier. I dream about feeling your big cock teasing my clit and finally easing inside to let my warm box milk your juice from you, the same as my mouth would if you will give me a chance.

My mouth even misses the taste of cum, the smooth feeling of the head of a cock under my tongue. How I would love to outline the ridge around the top and feel the soft flesh under the shaft. I think that the musty smell of a man's crouch while his dick was jamming against the back of my throat could cause me to climax right now.

My hands ach to massage somebody's balls, to jerk his dick up and down until he shoots semen all over me. I want to rub his cum into my face, my tits and taste it's sweet flavor in my mouth. I want to put my cheek against his manhood and kiss it, make love to it. I want to sit on your hard tool and ride it like a horse, letting it plunge in and out of me. I want to feel your seed shoot deep in my belly, feel it dripping down my leg when I turn around and start to suck your cock in the sixty-nine position.

I know that your dick, crammed against the back of my mouth would make me cum when you did. If you didn't like it that way, I could kneel in front of you and give you a world-class blowjob while you just stand there and hold onto my hair while you fuck my mouth.

On my hand and knees, my greasy ass-hole would welcome your hard cock, waiting for it to be plugged in and delight in the feel of your balls slapping, time after time, against my legs. My pussy would be right there so you could swap back and forth, fucking me in two holes one after the other. From behind, you could hold on to my tits, already slimy with your cum while you feel the muscles of my pussy clenching your solid piece of meat. I could reach between my legs and massage your balls and my clit while you were fucking me.

OH, God! Please help me! Its not too much to ask!

Please Guard, unlock the cell door and fuck me!

* * * * *

Copyright © 04-22-2002 by Dinghy5(Jo). All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author. 

For comments on this story contact me at the address in my profile.