 He stood over her, fully dressed, coat and all, the chill of the early morning on his clothes. He touched her naked arm, running his hand down it lightly, curving upward to pinch the very tip of her breast. Usually a very sound sleeper, she gasped at the cold of his touch and was instantly awake, with a very hard pebble of a nipple. 

"What are you doing?" she asked him. She couldn't make out his features in the darkness, but knew when he started to talk he'd be smiling to himself, feeling her reaction to his touch. "Do you need anything that's in your car for later?" he asked her, avoiding her previous question. 

It took her a minute to remember that he was going to take her car today, and she was taking his. It was this trading of vehicles that led up to the very intense round of lovemaking the night before- and her body recalled it vividly. Her throat was sort of scratchy, but didn't really hurt. "Oh, uh, yes, I do. I need everything that is in the back of it." 

"Well, I'm running a little late since someone kept me up all night. I really don't have time to move it all, so I'll just take mine then." This wasn't the deal, and he knew it. She made a bargain for it last night, and he was reneging on it. "Why don't I just get it all out of it when you get back home later? Won't you be back here before I have to leave tonight?" 

"No, I'll be home late. I'm going to the gym after work. I probably won't make it back in time," he told her.

"Okay then, give me a kiss before you go," she reluctantly replied. He bent down to kiss her a quick peck on the lips, his own seeming ice cold to her, and giving her a slight chill. She knew full well that he was smiling when he told her, "okay then, I'll see you later, cock-breath." She recalled their recent past activities, and this time it was her turn to smile. He didn't ever call her a name like that, and she knew this was in reference to what they were doing last night. 

"Hey," she called after him, "I'll have you know I brushed my teeth!" With that, she let out a little giggle, he called out his goodbye, and then left for the day. She wondered to herself how she was going to make it through the day and most of the night before she would see him again. She pulled up her covers and snuggled up under them enjoying the warmth. She slid the palm of her hand over the arm he had touched to warm it up, and remembered back to last night and the fun they had. 

It had been nearly 10 years since they were married, and she loved him more now than ever. She told him constantly, to the point of his sometimes irritation, she thought. Would he ever really know just how much? She lived for the little things her did for her. Most days she couldn't wait to get home from work, so he would take her in his arms and squeeze her into a bear hug that was hard enough to crack her back and relieve the stress of the day. She looked forward to it, and the anticipation of it got her through the rush hour traffic everyday. She couldn't wait to be in his grasp, not able to get out if she tried. He was so much stronger than her, and they both knew it. 

He would run his hands down over her back and hips, down to her butt, and cop a feel most of the time. If he didn't, he'd wait until she backed away and quickly pinch her nipples which were always hard afterwards. She'd smack his hands lightly, and just as quickly he'd try it again, just to see if he could do it before she got away. It would be close to ten o'clock tonight when she'd see him, and get the hug she was already wanting now. It was with those thoughts that she drifted back to sleep, and into a replay of the night before.

* * * * *

They were in his car on the way to a late dinner when she turned to him and asked, "Can I take your car in the morning?" His car was the newer of the two, and pristinely clean compared to hers. He was meticulous about the interior, and she couldn't care less about the scraps of papers, dried plant leaves, and bits of potting soil that littered hers.

He returned a look with a grin and said, "It's gonna cost you."

"How much?" she asked, knowing he wasn't talking in dollars and cents.

"You know what I want, just say it."

"You know I'm not going to say it, so why do you ask?"

"I keep thinking one of these days you are going to surprise me and do something out of character," he said to her with a chuckle. He always teased her that she was prissy, and much too prim and proper. She knew he thought she was uptight. She didn't care that he said that, or even thought that, she knew it was true. She secretly wanted to be more daring, but could never admit it to him. Having been a "good girl" for 36 years was a tough thing to change.

"Back to the matter at hand," she stated, "can I take your car or not?"

"You know I don't want your hand in the matter," he told her.

She gave him a light punch in the arm. She sat there for a minute and then quietly asked, "Does it involve you squirting or me swallowing something?"

He laughed out loud. "You know what I want, does it?"

"I think it does, and it is not gonna happen, and you know it." She sat there smiling, as he came up with a reply.

"Well, you are the one who wants something from me, so I think you better come up with a fair trade."

Hmmmmm..... this is going to be tougher to get out of than she thought. He sat there driving silently as she contemplated what to say next. 

She never said the things she knew he wanted to hear her say. She only said "dick" when she was taking about someone from work being more than a jerk, and only referred to his anatomy as a "pee-pee" which was to his great disdain. He had once told her that he didn't like that term and to quit saying it, that it made it seem small. She laughed at that and said she had only meant it in the biggest possible way. 

"Oh, I see, it's a pee-pee to the 10th power," he said and they both roared in laughter. This was still a private joke and when he was fully erect one day after that, she commented on it maybe being to the 11th power. He liked the thought of that. She wondered why guys always were sensitive to comments on their manhood, and why they always felt it necessary to comment on large breasts. It wasn't like a girl could hide big ones, even though most of the time she tried.

"Hello..." he said to her. "Are you still there?"

"Yeah, I'm thinking." 

"What do you need to think about? It's not that hard."

She grinned, and reached over to feel for herself. He smiled and added, "Yet."

"I know what you want, and I need your car, so I just might agree," she replied coyly, then glanced in his direction to see if it would register on his face.

"Don't tease me," he said, and waited for her to respond. 

"You want me to lick your pee-pee until you squirt it all over my boobs, or have me swallow. There, I said it. Now can I have your car tomorrow?"

"I don't know why you can't just call it a dick. And you haven't done anything yet." He knew better than to say yes, after all of the times she promised him something sexual, and didn't follow through. There was probably only a 1% chance of him actually getting a sexual favor granted and he knew it, and yet he would still request them, let her have her way, then not get what he wanted in return. 

"I promise that I will tonight. Okay?" she asked as she rubbed his thigh.

He was stopping at a red light now, and turned to her to say, "I've heard that story before. What's so different about it now?"

"Well, today I was planning on paying up, but if you don't want to..." she said pulling her hand away.

"Okay, we'll see, it's up to you whether you get the car or not." They pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant, and went inside for dinner and left it at that. 

After the check arrived at the table, she reached for it at the same time he did, and she grazed the top of his fingers. She pulled back and asked him, "Why do you do that?"

"Do what?" he asked, thinking she meant something about the check.

"Bite your cuticles like that," she said.

"I don't know. Just a habit," he told her as he reached for his drink to finish it.

"You know that scratches when you play with me," she said matter-of-factly, like it was a normal comment coming from her, knowing the complete opposite was true. She thought he was going to choke on his drink, and secretly smiled to herself. She caught him off guard, and it would only be the first time that night, with much more to come. She thought she was going to like this kind of talking after all.

Later that night she sat at her computer, and he at his. Both were involved in what they were doing independently, passing the time until the tv show they wanted to watch would be on. They were both content to be together like this, but still separate. He was playing an online "shoot 'em up" game, as she referred to them, and she was reading a story on the Literotica site, hoping he wouldn't turn around and see what she was doing. 

It wasn't like he would mind, hell, he'd probably encourage it! She remembered them in their early days of sexual activities, and his patience with her. He took his time, and never pressured her, and let her proceed most of the time. She was new to everything, having never even dated another man. She thought this might be one of the things that he liked about her. He once said that he had boldly gone where no man had before. He was such a science nerd sometimes, but she loved it. No description was more accurate than the new show that they had just come across. Although he looked nothing like the character, the personality similarities and odd hobbies they had in common were uncanny. He now joked to her that, "It's time, do you want a Big Bang?" She laughed out loud as he made a joke relating to the show. "I don't know, is that what you want?" she asked him back.

"You know what I want, and I'll be collecting later. Remember, you promised." With that he got up and walked past her, rubbing her shoulder on the way out of the computer room to go to their bedroom. He turned on the tv and waited for her. She finished the story she was reading quickly (not forgetting to vote, of course) and then went in to join him. She sat beside him on the bed as they waited for the commercials to end and the show to start. She absent mindedly laced her fingers through his hand and felt the roughness again as she had earlier. Without saying anything, she got up and went into the bathroom to get her nail kit and then returned. 

The show was just starting, so she hadn't missed any of it yet, and he was so tuned into it, he didn't even realize that she had gone and come back. She still said nothing, but dug into the bag to retrieve the nail clippers, file, and cuticle cream, then zipped up the bag. He was so into the show that he never heard it. With the writer's strike, it was a repeat, but they both liked the story, so they continued watching it.

They both laughed at something Sheldon was spouting off to Leonard, it being totally ridiculous as usual. He had his own perception of reality, and it defied normal logic. My God, the characters were so believable, she knew they had to be based on real people. She picked up his right hand and began clipping his fingernail. He turned to her, startled, and asked what she was doing. She replied, "I told you earlier that the jagged skin on your fingers scratches when you play with me, and I have plans for playing tonight." She was feeling kind of naughty, and he tilted his head back with an audible soft growl. Her insides started to tingle as she thought ahead to the things she had planned. 

The show returned from commercials, and she got to work. She first clipped, then filed and buffed each and every nail. He let her, enjoying a bit of pampering from her. She rubbed his hands and felt their strength as she went, marveling at how much bigger they are than hers. She loved that he was strong and muscular from going to the gym regularly, even if she herself never did. She squeezed his hand, then started applying the cuticle cream. The scent was subtle, like a sweet vanilla. He looked at her, noticing she was doing something he hadn't had before. "Is that necessary?" he asked her with one eyebrow raised. 

"Just sit here and let me take care of your hands. It's not just for girls, you know. Plenty of men get manicures where I go to get mine done. This will make your hands nice and soft... and I want them soft for later..." At that, he shrugged his shoulders and turned back to the tv. After she finished, she rubbed his hands and wrists thinking how nice they were going to feel when they worked their magic on her. She was anticipating a big "O" and knew she wouldn't be disappointed. He always made sure she was taken care of in that aspect.

The show ended, and he got up to go to the bathroom. She could hear the water running while he washed his face and brushed his teeth. She took this opportunity to moisturize herself with the almond scented oil that she knew he liked. She worked it into her feet and ankles, then her knees, and finally elbows. She had gotten a little too much of the oil, and used the last little bit to rub her inner thighs where they met her pussy, smiling inwardly to herself. She wondered if he would notice it or not. 

He came into the room and sat down on the end of the bed next to her. He sniffed the air then looked at her questioningly. He knew this wasn't the cuticle cream, and that he had smelled the scent before, but couldn't place what it was. She held up the bottle and he instantly recognized it. Yes, it sure did a great job as a lubricant when she used it on his cock a time or two, and he had been content just to let her play like that until he came. That was a long time ago, she thought, and time for a repeat performance in the near future. But not tonight.

He sat at the foot of the bed. She stood up from where she had been, stretching her arms upward. She was aware of how the bottom of the satin pajama top raised up to show her butt, and that he was looking. She hurriedly put her arms back down to cover herself again, then thought better of it, and in a swift motion pulled the top off over her head and let it drop to the floor. This was some thing new, she usually didn't let him see very much of her naked, even after 12 years of being together. She didn't have another stitch of clothing on, and it didn't go unnoticed by him. She sat back down beside him, leaning into his arm and wrapping herself around him. He stole sideways glances at her while the light from the tv flickered. She saw it, but pretended to be oblivious to it. She hugged him, then scooted up behind him to massage his neck and shoulders, and heard him sigh softly. She leaned her head against his back, hearing his heartbeat quicken. 

"Mmmmmmm...," he said as she continued to rub his back and neck. She smiled to herself, loving any sort of audible reaction from him. He was always so quiet during any intimate times, just as she was the opposite in that category. She couldn't wait for him to have her squirming and pleading for him to put his fingers inside her, or bite her nipple, or any one of the things he did that drove her completely mad, and hoped that he would be doing them all very soon. 

The next half hour time slot passed by quickly, and he stood up to undress to get ready for bed. Both slept nude, so this was a regular nightly routine. She admired his backside and gave it a playful slap as he finally appeared undressed to her. She sat there just looking up at him when he turned and asked, "Wasn't there something that you needed to do tonight? Oh, yes, I think it involved my dick and your mouth. Do you remember that you said you "promised" that it would be tonight?" 

As he approached her, she backed onto her side of the bed to make room for him and said, "Yes, I remember, and you are going to collect." He still didn't believe her, and if she didn't go through with it, it wouldn't be anything new. He watched her breasts jiggle as she moved, pausing at the foot of the bed until she was still. He settled into his side of the bed, laying face up and waited for her to snuggle into his side like she did every night. She moved over to him, taking her favorite position with her back to his side, and wrapped his arm around herself toward her breasts. He held onto one of them, not moving otherwise. 

She reached around him, making slow circles with her fingers in a crazy eight pattern up and down his thigh, across the top of his groin, and over to the other thigh. She intermittingly brought the palm of her hand across to massage the underside of his nuts ever so lightly, purposely avoiding it, but knowing his dick would soon be up at attention if it wasn't there already. She continued at a leisurely pace, up and down, back and forth, then added in a graze of his very erect penis with her hand. She could hear his breathing change, and asked, "Are you going to sleep?" 

"Um, no, not with you doing that. I'm just enjoying it. Did you want to go to sleep now?" he asked, figuring that she would say yes.

"Nope, not tonight," she answered. "Are you ready to collect?"

"I'm always ready," he said, and she had to admit that it was true. His dick seemed to have an agenda of its own most of the time, not that she minded at all. With that, he playfully pinched her nipple, hearing a soft moan from her as he did. He continued with her breasts as she turned her attention to his cock. She wrapped her small warm hand around it and felt it pulse in her hand. She liked when he purposely did this, and squeezed back lightly. He continued his play with her boobs, while she attended to his dick. 

After a few minutes, she changed her position, turning toward him and sliding down his side to rest her head on his hip, her leg wrapped around his. She heard him suck in a breath of air, then felt it in his belly. He knew what was coming, as did she. She drew out the anticipation, while she knew he was more than ready for it. 

She reached over and took his length into her hand, drawing it to her mouth and licked the entire length form the bottom to the tip, then back down the other side. Next, she repeated just using her lips along the same path, pausing and spending a little more time on the most sensitive areas. She heard him breathing, a little quicker now. She knew he would be pleased that she really was doing it for once. She stroked him a little using the moisture her mouth had created. A slow up and down, up and down, twisting her wrist at the tip every now and again with no real pattern so he wouldn't be able to know when to expect it. She felt a little tremor in his hips and knew he was enjoying it. 

She sat up on her knees, her back towards him while she continued to play. She only continued a few seconds before going down on him completely in one fast swoop, engulfing as much as she could comfortably, and was rewarded with a growl and his hand now grabbing her ass cheek and squeezing it. She loved sucking him into her mouth like this, but never told him as much, and wondered if he would think she was sluttish if she did let him know. Well, she might tell him afterwards, but there were better things to do at the minute.

She sucked as she slowly ascended toward the top of his dick, swirling her tongue around the sensitive tip. He now rubbed her ass and lower back, further encouraging her. The mere touch of his hand on her naked flesh started to make her wet, as it always did. She had really wanted, no, scratch that, needed sex tonight, and wondered how long he would make her wait for it. She continued her motions on his cock, with him gasping at the attention she was giving him now and then.

He started to tremble as she really got into it, working much faster now, bringing one hand to the base of his dick to make up for the area she couldn't get into her mouth. She massaged his nuts with the other hand causing him to groan and quiver involuntarily. She relished this, and could feel the wetness at her pussy starting to spread to her thighs. 
