 This story follows A MILF Neighbor Plays All Night. 

This is an adult sex story.

Although children's names are mentioned, the children are not in any way involved in anything sexually related.

Please enjoy and thanks for the views and the votes. 

****

It was the second Sunday morning of January, at 6:40am, in Scottsdale, Arizona.

I was in the workout room of the hotel.

My underwear and shorts were on the floor.

I still had on my tee shirt, drenched wet with sweat, along with my socks and gym shoes.

A woman was kneeling in front of me.

She was not only a gorgeous young lady, she was very, very talented.

Her tongue was doing wonderful things to my rock hard erection.

Delightful things, very pleasurable things.

Oh, so very pleasurable.

She didn't mind at all that I was still sweating from my just finished morning workout.

Her snakelike tongue flicked at and licked my love muscle and shaved balls; sensually removing the slightly salty dew of my warm perspiration.

Her manicured fingernails were lightly scratching and teasing my tight sack, stimulating production of my swimmers.

I loved it when my female friends paid attention to my entire package: cock, sack and crack.

She commented, her head still between my thighs "I miss you Jack. You know how much I love you. And I think you know how much I missed your man meat but just in case let me show you."

She smiled up at me and I smiled back.

I did love her.

I loved her very much.

Gently lifting my full sack, her tongue licked the two crevices between my legs and my balls; something she knew I really liked.

In response I grew harder and I felt like I was longer too.

My once pink tip was turning a purple red combination as a result of her efforts.

She licked at my balls, slowly, sensually, and I moaned at the pleasurable feeling.

I gave her positive reinforcement to the work of her tongue; I leaned my head back and closed my eyes in bliss, telling her, begging her "Don't stop, please don't stop."

Between licks she said smiled and said "I won't. I want to see how big and hard I can get you and how much spunk you can give me."

My legs were fully spread and I was hoping that she would probe my starfish with one of those fingers.

Or her tongue.

I wouldn't complain if she used either one.

Although I think most men were like me and preferred a female tongue on their starfish.

If she didn't do something on her own accord in a few more seconds I would direct her but she already knew what I liked and if there was one thing I could count on her to do, it was to please me.

She actually did most everything for me without being told.

It's called initiative and I admire it in life, business and sex.

I didn't know how much more of this oral pleasure I could take.

I was getting ready to explode and she knew it -- as she licked and sucked and kissed, she smiled at my cock and her eyes sparkled as they locked onto mine.

"Do you like this Jack? Do you like it when I suck you?"

I could only nod and groan in near ecstasy.

She knew before she asked just how much I loved her sucking my cock.

She was one of the best.

Perhaps The Best.

Oh My God was she good.

Plus, she was a knockout, beautiful, a traffic stopper, a head turner.

A young firm body to fall in love with.

The face, the body, the tits, the ass, the legs.

Smart. Articulate. Educated. Competent.

She had the complete package.

In a previous life she swallowed my load at least once a day, often more, and I loved it.

She loved the power it gave her; to take my cock from a shriveled noodle to a large, hard male organ ready for sex.

Our sessions always began when she started running her tongue around her lips.

I could see that hunger; that need; that desire; for my cock in her eyes.

My eyes saw what she had in mind, the brainwaves translated it into pleasure vibes and my dick always started to stiffen.

She would lower her head and let her mouth do all the work.

Her lips, her tongue, her teeth, her tight throat.

It never took long for her to get me large.

And, very hard.

And, with her tongue, she got me wet.

She knew I didn't like hand jobs.

If I wanted one of those I could do it myself, although, having said that, some of the ladies I had sexual relations with gave me some great hand jobs but I always finished in their mouth, their pussy or their ass except for when they wanted me to come on them, marking them as my territory as I splashed them with my spunk.

This one already knew I wanted her to swallow every drop of my seed.

She never disappointed me as she showed me the load on her tongue before she gulped it down.

That was if I didn't actually blast into her tight throat, which was an exquisite pleasure category all of its own.

I thought about all those times we fucked and it made me even harder.

My backyard was our special place; in the hot tub, on the chaise lounges under the outdoor ceiling fans and misters, in the cottage, in the pool, under the outdoor shower.

It was almost as if I designed the backyard as an adult playground for the two of us.

I used to come in her pussy, her ass and her mouth.

I also used to come on her and she would rub my salty seed all over her nude, fit, firm and tanned body.

Once in a three way the other girl licked my sperm off her. I got harder than a diamond cutter.

Nothing had changed since those days and nights in the early summer; Dana still loved me, but she may have actually loved my dick more.

But I wasn't complaining.

The sex with her was simply outstanding.

I did my best to hold off exploding into her warm mouth that I swear was created just for sucking my cock.

But, I'm getting ahead of myself.

****

It was our last night of our early January vacation and we were back at the Royal Palms in Scottsdale, Arizona, having arrived from Sedona at mid afternoon.

That Saturday night Catherine and I got into bed relatively early after putting the girls (her daughters) to bed and our guests soon followed, heading back to their rooms.

We were all leaving in the morning, back to the real world of school and jobs.

Catherine was tired.

It was not going to be a difficult pregnancy but having a baby after a decade or so after her second daughter was born made it almost a new experience for my wife.

I massaged her neck, shoulders, back, butt and legs, her feet and then, after she rolled over, I avoided her tender bare breasts and focused on massaging her belly and growing womb.

Catherine purred at this loving attention.

We kissed often, out tongues saying hello to each other.

I avoided her hairy pussy for the time being, telling her "I'll massage this later honey."

Finishing up, I helped her put one of my large tee shirts on her, then I kissed her good night.

She was asleep in minutes.

Leaving Catherine lightly snoring, I left the suite and went down the hall and, with my wife's full permission, I spent some time with Dorrie.

Dorrie met me at the door with only a black silk thong on.

The cloth was tiny, barely hiding her goodies and exposing a lot of her smooth, young skin, which I liked.

She pranced around me in her joy to have me alone --- we hadn't been alone or fucked since the Beverly Hotels / Las Vegas weekend in November.

If you want the background on my relationship with Dorrie please read "One Wild Night in Beverly Hills" and "An Interesting Evening in Las Vegas."

Dorrie said that she couldn't wait to show me that she had kept her pussy fully shaved for me.

I love bare pussy.

Good to eat and good to fuck.

We kissed deeply and I cupped that young firm ass, first kneading and then separating her cheeks, pulling the tiny string out of her ass in search of that tight rosebud.

When I found her back button and I started pushing on it, Dorrie groaned into my mouth.

She knew what I wanted and I think she wanted it too.

Dorrie had surrendered her panties to me that first evening in Beverly Hills at dinner in front of Catherine and later that night, with just the two of us doing the late night naked dance of lustful sex, I started calling her The Slut.

I told her no respectable woman would surrender her panties to a man unless they were a wanton hussy; a trollop; a tramp; hence Dorrie was a Slut (with a capital S) until I was persuaded otherwise.

Catherine and I sent her to a finishing school for two weeks right after that and we turned her into a lady.

She had the foundation to be refined and ladylike and we built upon it.

A lady in public but a whore in the bedroom.

Dorrie had been in a bad marriage and we got her out of it.

In tears, she had shared with Catherine that every morning her husband would wake up, drag her by her hair to the shower where he would proceed to take his morning pee by whizzing all over her.

This was degrading to say the least and when Catherine heard this she made up her mind to get Dorrie out of this abusive relationship as soon as possible.

Dorrie was now living in Las Vegas and would be going to school at UNLV to get her degree.

Classes started on Monday and Dorrie was both nervous and excited about her future.

I had spoken to her about going to law school after earning her business degree and coming to work for me.

That was down the road a bit but I wanted her to think about it.

Dorrie kissed me and told me how much she had missed me.

We kissed for a long time as my hands roved all over her young flawless body.

Dorrie was extremely hungry to be touched, to be kissed, to be fucked.

Our lips parted as I ended our kiss and I asked her turnaround so I could look at her back and butt for any residual marks from when her husband would beat her.

Fortunately, those bruises and marks were gone.

There were no scars on her body, but there were some inside of her head I was certain.

Between our kisses Dorrie undressed me.

As she took off a piece of my clothing she would kiss me and dance away, hanging my clothing up in the closet.

When she finally peeled down my underwear she found herself kneeling as my hard cock bobbed in front of her mouth.

Using only her tongue, her hands behind her back, she began to lick my erection from bottom to top.

I put my hands on her head to guide her, to encourage her because it felt fucking great.

Between licks she asked me to spread my legs and I complied.

Dorrie lowered her head and began licking my balls.

I spread my legs wider apart and lowered my torso to improve her access.

I was delighted that she remembered what I liked her doing to me.

Now large and hard, I ended up in the middle of the big bed, laying down, facing each other.

She still had her thong on, although I could smell her and as she started humping my bare cock with her covered pussy, I could feel moisture.

In the dark room Dorrie whispered to me "Jack, I am so grateful for all you have done for me, my son and my mother. What can I do to repay you and Catherine?"

I laughed and replied "Catherine loves to have her pussy licked but you can't do that until she is in Las Vegas. On the other hand, maybe I can have you come down to LA for a weekend and we can stay at a hotel. As for me, I just need for you to be available."

"Like tonight?"

"Yes, just like tonight."

"So we can play?"

"Yes honey, so we can play."

She kissed me.

"I like playing with you Jack. You're the kindest, most considerate lover a woman could want."

"Even when I am fucking your ass?"

"Especially then."

****

We kissed a little longer and Dorrie had her hands all over my cock, then she scooted down the bed and started in with her mouth.

I was already hard but she giggled and told me she needed me wet.

"First, I want to taste you then I want you to fuck my ass Jack. Until that night in Beverly Hills I had no idea how good it would feel."

When she was ready, I had Dorrie generously lube my already very wet and hard cock and then, I directed her face down on the sheets with a pillow under her belly, ass up.

"Do you want me to take your panties off Dorrie?" I asked her.

"Yes Master."

"Ask me to take them off."

"Master, please take my panties off. I want to be bare for you."

I pulled them about half way down her thighs, revealing her rosebud and her shaved pussy.

I ran my hand over her cheeks, commenting "You have a great ass Dorrie."

She whispered back "I work out for you everyday Master. I want you to enjoy my body."

Patting her ass, I then reached in between her legs and ran my hand over her bare cunt.

It was warm and well shaved; I could not feel a hair.

Dorrie responded with a bucking movement and a gasp of satisfaction.

"Did you get your pussy waxed?" I asked her.

"No, Julie shaves me really close once a week. And I shave her."

"Are you and Julie a couple?" I asked.

"No, she is my trainer Master, and my friend, not my lover."

Her pussy was wet, it was hot and she tried to spread her legs because she liked what I was doing to her.

However, the thong restricted her movements, just like I planned.

"Master?"

"Yes?"

"You are the only person who has touched me since November. Do you mind playing with my bare pussy for a little while? It feels really good when you do it. Please Master. I am so horny."

What do you say to a young lady who works out for you everyday, shaves her pussy for you and wants you to play with her?

I gently teased her pussy with my fingers, stopping from time to time, getting her frustrated and begging me. Soon, the already worked up Dorrie came on my fingers as I teased her hard nub.

I reached around her and put my hand near her mouth.

"Clean my fingers Dorrie."

She went after my hand like a dog goes after a bone.

Her ex husband was an asshole, that was for sure, but I appreciated that he initiated Dorrie into enjoying the female sex.

Dorrie had no issue tasting her own juices or those of other women.

When she finished I said to her "Ask me to lick your pussy Dorrie."

I could hear the smile in her voice when she asked "Master, will you please, pretty please, lick my pussy. My pussy is only for you Master."

I pulled down that thong off her legs and threw it on the floor, pushed her legs apart, rolled over on my back and got my mouth under that wet pussy and I went to town.

I started by chewing on her long lips which I knew she enjoyed.

While my tongue was on her steaming cunt, my hands were playing with her ass.

Without using any lube, while I licked, I got first one, then a second finger into her bung hole.

It was only to the first knuckle, but I was trying to spread the hole to make it easier to penetrate with my dick.

Dorrie liked the dual finger / tongue action and she came twice in rapid succession.

I pulled her down and on top of me and we kissed.

I wanted her to taste her own juices off of my lips.

She was so grateful!

Getting her back up with her belly on the pillow, I lubed her rosebud lightly.

She was trembling as I got up behind her.

I had turned off all the lights but one small lamp in the living room so we were almost in a completely dark room.

"Are you ready sweetie?" I asked her.

"I think so Jack, just go slow, okay?"

"I will."

As the tip of my cock touched her rosebud, she flinched.

She laughed nervously.

"Dorrie, honey, relax" I whispered to her. "You've done this before babe, so just relax and soon you'll be enjoying it. Spread your cheeks for me now. Spread them wide."

"Okay Jack" Dorrie said, as she reached back with both hands and pulled her very firm butt cheeks apart for me.

"That's a good girl."

I smelled ass and I was fine with that.

Butt sex can be smelly and messy.

So what?

She screamed into her pillow and her tiny hands gripped the sheets as I slowly entered her with my very hard cock and pushed my way in past the tight ring.

I knew Dorrie didn't enjoy anal but she was willing to accept my baseball bat into her bowels when I wanted it as the price to pay for being one of my princesses.

I was paying for her college education after all.

A little butt sex was not too much to ask, every now and then.

The screaming stopped when I stopped pushing in; I was in about two inches and she was shaking.

"Jack, it hurts."

I could see some tears running down the side of her face.

"I know sweetie, I need for you to breathe -- don't hold your breath" and she replied "Okay."

In a few seconds I saw that her hands loosened their grip on the sheets.

I followed that with "I want you to push back against me as I go in. Pretend you're taking a shit and push back that way."

"Okay Jack. Thanks for the tips."

Dorrie was a tiny thing so I reached under her and found those fantastic tits of hers.

I rubbed them for a second and she whispered "I like it when you touch me Jack."

By now the screaming was a somewhat distant memory and I had gently pushed in another two inches, generously adding more lube to the mix to help us both get to where I wanted my dick to be.

I wanted to be balls deep.

Now past the pain I asked "Do you like my cock in your ass?"

"Yes" she replied, in a low, soft voice.

Her head was still down, somewhat reluctantly accepting my cock.

I could see a shy smile coming across her face as I asked her "Did you come the last time I was in your ass?"

"Oh my God Jack, it was so fucking amazing. I have never come that hard before. It was incredible. That's why I wanted to start our little session like this."

With my slow pushing in and Dorrie pushing out, I was in more than half way and there had been no more screaming.

Some gasps.

Once she put her hand on my thigh to slow my advancement down while she adjusted to the alien invasion but she never wanted me to pull out once I got past the tipping point of tolerance.

Maybe it was the additional lube; maybe it was that she was pushing against my intrusion; maybe it was because I was trying to get her mind in a better place.

"Jack?"

"Yes honey?"

"I do like it when you fuck me in the ass. I just forgot how big your cock was."

I chuckled at that; I am not a big man in the dick department. I have a normal sized penis but it is appropriate for my size and I'm 6 feet, one inch tall.

She cried out as I pushed further into her.

"My God you're big."

"The more beautiful the woman, the bigger my dick gets."

I followed that with "I like being in you. Your mouth, your pussy and your ass."

By now I was nearly all the way in her bat cave.

My balls ended up rubbing against the bottom of her wet pussy.

I pulled back and started thrusting and Dorrie responded immediately by pushing back.

In seconds she was again in the primitive, familiar sexual humping rhythm in search of a satisfying orgasm.

Dorrie reached her hand underneath to play with her pussy lips and clit.

Her sexual engine quickly went from idle to sixty as my thrusting and her fucking me back got in sync.

In no time I was pounding her with full strokes, and every so often I would pull all the way out and look at her winking hole.

She was moaning as I entered her, again and again, going deep and then even deeper on alternating strokes, opening up that shit lined cavity that had been dormant since that Sunday night Beverly Hills.

As I fucked her ass with unrelenting strokes, I asked Dorrie if she was my slut and she replied between the mix of painful and pleasurable groans "Yes, Master, I am your anal slut."

"Only anal?" I teased her.

"No Master, every hole I have is for you."

"Will you lick pussy for me Slut?" I asked, my hands holding her impaled hips on my stiff erection as I drilled deep into her.
