 I have been thinking about you all day today. My cock is throbbing at the anticipation of arriving home to you after a literally hard day at work. You greet me at the door and you look totally stunning in your sheer see-through dressing gown, stockings and high heels. You look gorgeous and have the widest grin obviously thinking about what's to cum. 

We kiss deeply and passionately. Our hands are all over each other. Mine are cupping your breasts, caressing your already hard nipples. Your hands are pulling at my clothes and it's not long until I am standing before you totally naked, my cock standing upright and aching for your touch. As always you do not disappoint and your lovely soft hands are working my thick shaft, firmly yet slowly. 

Our tongues entwine and my hands are running through your hair, then down your neck, over your breasts and one hand carries on down, eventually resting on your hot keen pussy. 

I run my fingers up and down your damp slit. I tease your clit feeling it harden as your expert hands continue working my cock. You lower your head to my shoulder, biting down slightly onto my skin as your legs start feeling weak with your clit having the attention it was waiting for all day. I bend down, picking you up saying "let's take this to the bedroom". 

I carry you through to our king size bed and after I lie you down, you open your dressing gown wide and part your legs, holding your now wet pussy lips open for me to explore inside and as always, I never pass up a chance to do that delicious deed. I kneel over you and start kissing your face, your cheeks then your lips, allowing my tongue to trace round the tips of your lips, teasing you. You moan out with anticipation as you imagine my tongue inside your pussy. 

With that you grasp my hard thick shaft and guide my cock head to your pussy. You love teasing me and you raise your hips, allowing my cock to press against your tight hole. One movement later and you moan out as you feel my cock eagerly push into your pussy but then you withdraw again and grasp my shaft, running my cock up and down your slit, now and again hitting your clit with the very tip of my cock head.

I lean down and start kissing and nibbling your nipples then my lips work their way down your body, enjoying every bit of flesh, but stop just above your pussy. Your hands are in my hair and you start pulling as you feel the tip of my tongue flick across your clit sending shivers around your hot and sexy body. 

My tongue circles around your clit teasing it then suddenly I take it between the tips of my lips and suck gently at first. Your hands are now gripping my shoulders and your nails dig in hard as my I suck more firmly. Your moaning is lovely and loud as I introduce my fingers to your wet pussy. Still working your clit with my mouth, I trace my fingers to your hole and then enter one followed by a second then third finger as I feel your body wriggle as I hold you firmly in place and keep working you up to your first of many orgasms tonight. 

My fingers work expertly caressing the area up and behind your clit deep inside you, moving in and out, your wet pussy lips seemingly sucking on them as once again your nails dig into my shoulders. My fingers are moving faster, my tongue working your clit rhythmically, your moans are getting louder. My face around my lips is covered with your warm pussy juices and I just absolutely love the taste of you. 

I take your clit between the tips of my lips again and that sends you over the edge! An orgasm rips through your pussy and around your body. Your pussy clenches tightly on my fingers. Your nails dig deep into me and you scream out loud. When you catch your breath, you pull me off of your sensitive throbbing clit and lean up, kissing me deeply, tasting your pussy juice in and around my mouth, my fingers easing out of your lovely pussy, my hand totally soaked. 

You stroke my aching cock with that wicked smile of yours and say "right. . . Time for you to shoot that cum of yours deep inside me". I keenly move and you know instinctively to get on all fours with that gorgeous ass of yours pointing in my direction while throwing your nightgown to the side. Doggy is my favourite position with me on my back and you doing a cowgirl riding yourself on my cock a very close second. 

I run my hand down your nylon clad legs to your high heels then back up your thighs again, my hands eventually resting on your hips. You let out a playful moan indicating that a good hard doggie session is upon us. My cock presses against your pussy lips which are still soaking from our earlier exploits. You take a handful of the bed sheet, bracing yourself for my entry. 

I ask if you are ready but before I give you a chance to answer, I push myself forward, pulling your hips hard back against me and you scream out in delight as my cock plunges hard and firmly past your lips, your tight hole and oh so deep inside your hot inviting pussy. I take a moment to let you catch your breath then slowly withdraw my firm rod, feeling your wet lips dragging tightly along my shaft. 

You look round towards me just at the moment I fuck hard back inside you and another scream escapes from you. This time I don't pause and quickly pull my cock back to just inside your hole then force myself forward as deep as I can go. To and fro, forward and backwards I fuck you. Your pussy is throbbing as is my cock and you know you'll be aching tomorrow.

I grab on to your ass cheeks guiding them apart exposing your asshole. One finger teases at your hole heightening your enjoyment as once again your pussy has to clench on to my thick shaft as it plunges deep into you, my thighs hitting against your thighs and lower ass. You are screaming out now ready to cum all over my cock and you shout "give me your cum! Shoot it deep inside me now!" 

I fuck you as hard and as fast as I can. My balls tighten. My cock starts to jerk. Your pussy tightens further. I reach round and rub your clit with one hand pulling your hips hard towards me with the other. I can't hold on any longer and neither of us wants me to either. You scream out that you're cumming and I fuck you oh so deep one more time as my cum shoots hard and fast up my shaft and deep into you, your pussy delighting in the feeling of being totally cum-filled.

I resume slow deep fucking movements as my cock jerks more cum inside of you time and time again. You have your head down against the mattress, breathing hard, keeping your thighs tight together, holding in as much cum as you can. I stop fucking and lean forward onto your back but taking the weight on one hand on the mattress while the other caresses one of your breasts.

It feels so very good to be inside your cum soaked pussy, it throbbing against my shaft as we both try to recover. Eventually I ease myself out of you and fall onto my back on the bed. You lie beside me and we kiss deeply again and caress each others body, stopping only to taste our mixed juices from each others fingers mmmmmm. 

What next I wonder..?