 Hi, I'm Amy. I'm a twenty six year old brunette. I think I am attractive, least ways that's what I've been told and have a pretty good figure but I just cannot seem to hold on to a boyfriend for much longer than a couple of months.

As soon as we get into the sack and have romped our way through several orgasms either he or I lose interest with each other. To be honest it's me who loses interest for one reason or another. No that's not exactly true either, I suppose in my heart of hearts I know why I lose interest. I don't feel satisfied.

Don't get me wrong now I've had some great lovers. My last partner had an eight inch cock and a massive pair of balls that filled my pussy to overflowing when he cum and my climaxes went through the roof but there was always something missing, until recently.

I've always liked looking at porn right from an early age when I accidentally found it on my computer whilst researching about reproduction in human beings for our biology lessons at school. I was hooked on the subject immediately and many a time had soaked knickers as I scrolled through the massive amount of hot bodies available on line.

Sitting there watching two or three people having sex was indescribable and in no time at all my hand was inside my knickers and playing with my pussy until the inevitable happened. My underwear used to get so wet my mother thought I was having full blown unprotected sex which caused many an argument between us until I told her I was just an over enthusiastic masturbator!

I live in a very large detached house with a swimming pool in the rear and surrounded by trees. My parents retired early after making a mint on the stock markets and now spend their time travelling every corner of the world leaving me here to fend for myself. I don't mind though, they would only be in the way if they were here and it's like the home is all mine with no one to tell me what to do or where to go etc.

Next door is a house very similar to ours with its own pool and tennis courts. A new family recently purchased it but to date I hadn't seen any children around just an adult couple who, by the look of their cars were well healed. She was a long legged slim blonde, bimbo looking if you ask me and he was a tall dark haired good looking guy whose family could well have originated from Italy.

You can tell by my description that I was taken by the guy who made my stomach flutter every time I saw him smile and flash those pearly white teeth at me.

Anyway, having money was a Godsend that allowed me to not have full time employment and as such I worked part time in an up market art studio selling over rated paintings and prints to ill informed rich people. I made a lot of spare cash with the bonuses that mounted up and of course had a lot of spare time to myself which I spent on my favourite past time, sunbathing.

One such day I woke late and drank fresh orange juice on the rear veranda soaking up the morning sun that had beat away the early morning mist. Our elderly housemaid, Dora made me a light breakfast of scrambled egg and smoke salmon after which I took a quick shower before deciding to spend the day by our pool.

I applied a thin coat of sun tan cream to my complete body before adorning a small bikini. Outside I put on my sunglasses, closed my eyes then stretched out on a sun lounger and let the sun's rays caress my body. After a short while I opened my eyes and noticed a movement to my right I glanced sideways and saw the guy from next door sitting on a garden chair and looking my way as he smoked his cigarette.

My stomach twisted immediately and my pussy began to throb as I felt his eyes burning into my flesh. I acted nonchantly not letting him know that I had seen him staring at me and decided to give him a show.

I raised myself up and took hold of the sun lotion then poured some in my palm. I swept my hands up and down my smooth legs spreading the lotion evenly across my skin all the while glancing across to my admirer.

I took more lotion and spread it across the mounds of my ample breasts slipping the bikini straps off my shoulders as I did so. He was still looking. I unclipped my top and dropped it to one side then applied more lotion to my complete breasts moulding them in my slippery hands. My nipples rose quickly to stiff peaks and my clit throbbed as my excitement grew.

My neighbour was almost off his seat now and his cigarette hung from his open mouth as he watched this enthralling show. I stood at the side of my lounger and looked across at the guy who quickly turned his head and looked away as he realised I had seen what he was doing. I smiled and turned my back to him as I hooked my thumbs in my bikini bottoms, bent over straight legged and wiggled them down my thighs and off my feet.

My heart was thumping as I knew the neighbour would have a full view of my naked pussy and puckered hole nestling between the top of my thighs. I caressed my buttocks and slid my fingers along the crease of my bottom hoping my naked body would excite him as much as it did me.

I turned slowly round still moulding my breasts. I pinched my hard nipples and looked up with an expectant smile which disappeared quickly when I noticed he was gone. His cigarette lay smouldering in the ashtray but he was nowhere to be seen.

I lay back down on the lounger furious that I'd exposed my body and soul to this almost anonymous person for nothing less than self satisfaction. On the other hand it had had the peculiar effect of me wanting him more, to feel his hard flesh inside me, probing me forcing his cum to flow deep inside me.

I was getting hot, too hot in one way or another. I dampened my ardour with a swim in the pool. After six or so lengths I was suitably tired and relaxed enough to make my way indoors to watch a film or two before retiring to bed.

I didn't see my neighbour for several days which was no real problem but I still got all hot under the collar when I thought of the situation I had put myself in that day and wanted a repeat performance, if not with him then some other accommodating soul. 

I got home from work one evening and felt absolutely shattered. For once in my life I was on my feet for almost eight hours because the owner of the studio put on a show for a new up and coming artist. Personally I thought he was pants!

I reached my bedroom and fell backward on the thick soft mattress closed my eyes and drifted away to a hot sunny climate with palm trees and warm breezes that caressed my skin as I lay sprawled out on the golden beach!

Argh wouldn't that just be fun? I stirred myself and swung my feet to the thick carpet and instantly had a sharp pain go through the ball of my foot. I yelped and looked down and saw a silver screw laying there nestled in the thick carpet pile. I picked it up and wondered where on earth it may have come from.

I looked around the room and my eye caught the site of the air conditioning vent just above my bedroom door. It looked out of shape so I pulled a chair across and inspected it and sure enough there was the hole where the screw had come from. Not only that I could see a camera lens hidden behind the vent!

God someone is spying on me in my bedroom but who, who has access to the house when I'm not there? The gardener it must be the gardener he's the only other person with a key so he can water and tend to the indoor plants when Im at work. Luckily he was still outside so I rushed downstairs and out the front door to confront him.

"Jim, have you been in my room today?"

"No Miss Berringer I"ve no need to you haven't any plants in there."

"Well someone has."

"Well it wasn't me Miss Berringer but I did see the guy from next door come out of the back door when I arrived he said he had to drop something off for you then left."

"Do you mean the tall guy with dark hair?"

"Yes that's him; he didn't hang about though once I turned up."

"Oh er okay Jim thanks."

I went back to my room and had another look at the hidden camera. Could this be my neighbour, is he getting off at watching me thinking I don't know about it? God this is so horny, I'm so wet already just by thinking of it.

My hand wandered down to my pussy and I rubbed myself through my skirt. I need to cum real bad but do I do it here on the bed, will he be watching, can I actually do something like that? There was only one way to find out!

I took off my skirt and slipped my wet thong off my legs then lay on my bed with my legs open wide and my pussy on full show. I slid my fingers through the folds of my cunny and delved into its warm slippery interior, I almost cum on the spot!

I moaned constantly as I fingered my pussy with one hand and squeezed my boobs with the other and within minutes my head exploded as my climax ripped through my body.

I lay there panting and stroking my pussy until the heady feelings subsided. I felt relaxed and naughty after putting on the show and decided at that moment I would continue as though my nameless neighbour knew nothing about my discovery which I was sure would give us both the greatest amount of pleasure!

As I got into bed that night and rose in the morning I tried to carry on as normal but all the time I felt I was being watched and my pussy would not stop seeping.

That evening I showered and shaved as normal then dressed as seductively as I could. Sheer black stockings with lacy underwear, a black flowing knee length dress and complimentary jewellery. I checked myself in the mirror and liked what I saw, I was ready to pull.

A taxi took me to a local up class bar where all the wannabe's hang out. I sat on a bar stool and ordered my drink. A cursory look round the room showed there were not many handsome guys in there but it was early and I was sure things would improve in time.

I was right, an hour later and in walked a group of three men one of whom was just up my street. Tall dark and handsome and displaying a bulge to the front of his trousers that could only mean one thing, a nice size cock.

Within minutes our eyes met and I flashed him a smile with my pearly whites. He acknowledged me, spoke to his two friends and sidled over. He leant on the bar and spoke.

"Hi I'm Brad and you are?"

"Horny." I replied and waited for his reaction.

"Just my kind of girl but what do I call you, horny is a fact not a name?"

"Amy, my name's Amy."

He held out his hand which I loosely took hold off.

"Nice to meet you Amy." He said and kissed the back of my hand whilst watching me eye to eye.

"Likewise Brad."

"So what brings you into this den of iniquity?"

"The same as you I suspect, a drink and a chance to get laid." I replied and sipped my cocktail.

Brads eyebrows raised and a wry smile crossed his lips.

"I see well you have definitely got the drink and I'd certainly like to help you out with the other part of your evening."

I looked at him from head to toe and thought this person was well worth the risk of a one night stand and I was sure my nameless neighbour would also enjoy it as well.

"Okay Brad, shall we go back to mine?"

"Fine with me." He replied and helped me from my stool.

As we past his friends on the way out we endured cheers, jeers and taunts.

"Are your friends always this rowdy?"

"No, only when there's a chance of one of us getting sex."

"Well let me tell you now, there is not a chance you'll get sex with me, it's a definite and before you ask no I'm not a hooker just a horny single girl who needs some cock tonight okay?"

"Okay yeah no problem I would never ask such a question anyway." He replied.

We took a taxi back to mine and his hands were all over me. His fingers reached my wet panties before the car had hardly moved off. For sure he wasn't going to be a thoughtful lover but he would serve a purpose tonight.

Once in my room we wasted no time in getting our clothes off, I was right he did indeed have a nice cock. It must have been eight inches long and pretty thick. He obviously worked out as his body was chiselled lean and well tanned.

I lay back on the bed and opened my legs to show him and my spy my very wet pussy. I turned at an angle so my spy could see every detail of us both fucking.

"You going to suck my cock first?" Brad asked as he slowly stroked it.

"What about you stop talking and just get on here and fuck me?" I replied and pulled my pussy apart for all to see.

"Hey sounds good to me." He replied and got between my legs.

His cock looked threatening, thick, full of veins and rock hard. He pointed his cockhead at my wet hole and pushed forwards impaling me on his thick shaft in one go forcing the wind from my lungs.

"God oh God!" I uttered.

"Yeah that's what all the girls say when I start to fuck them!" He bragged but I could well believe him.

Brad leaned across me and began to fuck my pussy hard and fast. I was so wet my juices squelched out and trickled down my crack to my bottom.

"That's it Brad, fuck me baby fuck me hard I like it hard." I urged him on.

I took the opportunity when I could to look up at the camera and imagined my spy to be jerking himself off as we fucked. I wondered how big his cock was and how hard he would be at this moment. My thought got the better of me and I started to cum.

"Oh Jesus Brad I'm cumming your cock has made me cum baby, squirt your cum inside me Brad please cum inside me please!" I pleaded.

"It's...my...pleasure fuck yeah here it comes Amy oh yeah fuck yeah!"

Brad threw his head back and squirted his load deep inside me. I could feel his throbbing cock on the walls of my pussy as we cum together. Within minutes it was over and Brad slipped off me to one side.

"Thanks Brad but you'd better get dressed and make a move."

Brad sat up quickly.

"What, you want me to go so soon?"

"Yeah I do, I've got what I wanted so you can go." I replied.

"What no chance of a rematch later or a bit of fooling around?"

"No, no chance just get dressed and go."

"You callous bitch!" He spat out then got from the bed, dressed and was gone in five minutes flat.

Brad dressed quickly and slammed the door hard on his way out. I lay where I was, right opposite the camera. I opened my legs as wide as I could and slid my hands to my hot pussy. I dipped my fingers into my open hole and scooped out Brads cum then licked it from my fingers slowly and deliberately. I hoped my spy would still be there and that this show would satisfy him until the next time. I know I had enjoyed it immensely and looked forward to the next one in a few days.

I walked out on to my terrace the next morning feeling somewhat bleary eyed but content after the show last night. I stood there in my flimsy night attire and stretched my muscles in the hot morning sun relishing what Mother Nature adorned me with.

I looked to my right and out walked my friendly unnamed neighbour who sat in a chair and stared directly in my direction. I waved a hand in acknowledgement at him and he smiled and nodded. Contact at last. I was dying to know whether he had watched me getting fucked last night but of course that would have given the game away and this game was a long way off from being finished yet. My dribbling pussy told me that!

I gently squeezed my boobs and ran my hands down my body finishing at my pussy which I slowly caressed for a few moments before I turned round and walked back indoors. I hoped this would keep my spy's interest going as I knew it had mine. It was time to plan for my next partner.

Two days later I was at the gallery when I met my next suitor. His name was Scott and an avid collector of up and coming artists. It was obvious that money was never going to be an issue for him going by the amount he has spent over the past twelve months!

He was a good looking guy of that there was no mistake and he knew it! Rumour had it that he was very fit and well hung so it looked as though a good night was in the making for me in any rate.

"Good afternoon Miss Berringer, so nice to meet you again." Scott said and gently shook my hand.

"Nice to see you as well Mr. Hungerford."

"Scott please, call me Scott Mr. Hungerford is so formal don't you think?"

"As you wish Scott in which case please call me Amy."

"Okay Amy, a nice name it suits you."

"Thank you Scott. What can we do for you today?"

"I've heard that Tom Chancer has another abstract painting for sale. Do you know about it Amy?"

"I'm told that he is thinking about letting another of his works go yes. Would you like me to make enquiries for you?"

"Yes, please that's very kind of you."

"No problem Scott, is there anything else I can do for you." I replied with a wicked grin.

"I was wondering Amy, would you consider updating me on any information you can muster over dinner with me this evening?"

"My pleasure Scott that would be most welcome."

"Good well I'll have a car sent over for you at eight."

"Okay thanks."

"See you tonight." He replied and left the gallery with me standing there wearing wet panties.

This couldn't have worked out any better for me as I have always fancied getting laid by Scott and to do it on camera will be awesome!

That evening I prepared myself as normal but took extra care making sure my anus was hairless as well. It's not that I was expecting anal sex because I've only tried it once and it hurt too much to continue but I thought I may get the chance to get rimmed which is a whole different feeling altogether and one that I truly adore.

Makeup and hair complete I dressed in a black wrap-over knee length dress held together by a hook and belt at the front. It showed a lot of cleavage and with a bit of luck a flash of my sheer black holdups as I walked. I did consider going commando but I think a tiny pair of panties adds some spice so I wore a translucent black pair of bikini briefs that did little to hide my generous labia.

The car arrived on the dot of eight and whisked me off to a fabulous restaurant in the heart of the city. I was shown to my table where Scott was waiting.

"Oh my God Amy you are more beautiful than ever." He said and kissed the back of my hand.

"Thank you Scott but I'm sure your vision is blurred." I replied sat opposite him.

"I know what I know and see what I see and you are truly exquisite!"

"Okay Scott enough already let's agree to disagree." I replied.

Scott nodded and the small talk continued as we ate the superb food.

"So Amy do you have a partner?"

"No not at the moment Scott I just pick up people for sex when I feel the need." I replied and watched his face for a reaction but one never came.

He was very cool indeed.

"Well how do you feel this evening?"

"The need." I replied, smiled and sipped my glass of champagne. No reaction at all. This man should play poker.

The small talk continued until the meal was over.

"Shall we take our drinks on to the terrace Amy?"

"Yes why not?" I replied. We collected our glasses and left the table.

We sat down on a bench next to each other bumping hips. It was a balmy evening and the moon and stars shone brightly giving it an almost Halloween feel. My dress had parted at the front and exposed a large portion of my legs which I hoped had not gone unnoticed by Scott.

"It's been a pleasure having your company this evening Amy."

"Thank you Scott but the evening hasn't finished yet, has it?" I asked and put his hand on my thigh parting my legs slightly.

He looked across at me and smiled. His hand wandered from my knee to a millimetre below my panties.

"I hope not Amy I sincerely hope not."

"Let me make this plain for you Scott. I like you. I'm feeling extremely horny right now and would love nothing more than to get you into bed. I am a sure thing for you tonight so you have an option. Either we can sit here, drink and take in this gorgeous evening or we can go back to my place and act as demented rabbits, your call."
