 From her living room window, Polly spied the Baron. He wasn't called 'the Baron', but his first name was Baron and he lived across the street from her. Every morning she watched him leave his house to go to work (what did he do, exactly?) and every morning she let out a sigh of frustration.

My God, he is so sexy, she breathed, gazing out at him at him as he climbed into his car. He was dressed in a black t-shirt with light blue jeans and big, chunky brown boots. With his shaved head, goatee and black tattoos spread along both arms, Polly imagined them scooping her up and carrying her into bed, where he would ravage her until she came screaming his name.

Baron ...

Kneeling on the couch, she peered out at him, wondering if he could see her, and what would he say if he could? She was dressed in a tight green t-shirt that held her two glorious orbs within, as well as a frilly red thong. On her feet she wore a pair of wooden clogs. How would the Baron react to know that she lived to spy on him every morning, and that her pussy tingled with wonting pleasure at the mere sight of him?

They only knew each other to wave and smile and say hello, he having introduced himself the day she moved in. She had recently moved into the area and didn't know a lot of people so far. In time that would change, but for now she was content to lust after the devilishly handsome fellow from behind a curtained window. 

Polly worked at home and so, unlike others, didn't have to rush to off and join the traffic of thousands battling their way to offices or factories. Once her laptop and coffee-maker were in working order, she was all set. But she did like her morning thrill, and so, sipping now lukewarm coffee stared out the curtained window at her Baron.

From where she knelt, with her free hand she reached between her legs and, through the fabric of her thong touched her sensitive slit. It felt warm and moist, and she closed her eyes dreamily at the thought of the Baron's tongue probing her there.

Behind her, Kitty meowed. Kitty wanted its morning milk. Polly turned round to face her fluffy white cat, moving from the couch onto a cushioned foot-rest. From there, she knelt down, pursing her lips as she gently rubbed Kitty's soft head. The cat purred in contentment, knowing its milk wouldn't be long in coming.

"You like that, don't you Kitty?" Polly said, her fingers swirling the soft hair on her cat's head. 

And then, there was a tap on her window!

Polly spun round to see, of all people, the Baron peering in at her! He had his hands pressed to the window as he looked in through the curtain, my God, he must have seen her bent over petting the cat – her ass was in full view!

He pointed to her front door, indicating he wanted to talk with her. What could he want?

Polly felt flustered. She was sure her face reddened with embarrassment. Jeez, her ass raised high in the air, leaving nothing to the imagination, and the Baron spying on her! She looked round for her nightgown, anything. She certainly wasn't going to greet him as is. And her full-length, see-through negligee – as much as she used to fantasize about answering the door wearing nothing but that, not today, mister!

She found her very un-sexy nightgown thrown over the back of one of the kitchen table chairs and, slipping it on tied the belt tightly around her before making her way to the door.

Adjusting her hair, she straightened herself out, opening her nightgown to reveal just a smidgen of cleavage. Don't want to scare him off, she thought.

Polly saw the silhouette of the Baron through the glass of the front door. Her heart thumping in her chest, she let out a sigh before opening the door.

Up close, he was just as gorgeous. He had hazel eyes, a well-kept goatee, and full, kissable lips. She noticed that he had shaved this morning, and that he smelled really, really nice. Was it aftershave or deodorant?

"Hullo, Polly," he said, smiling. 

"Hi!" she said, returning the smile. "Um, what can I do for you?"

"I was just passing and I noticed that there's a dead cat in your front garden," he said.

Not what she was expecting! "A dead cat?" she exclaimed. "Where?"

The Baron led her out onto Polly's front lawn. Behind one of the knee-height bushes was, indeed, a dead cat. Its head was mangled. She didn't recognize the poor animal; thankfully it wasn't one of the neighbor's cats. 

"I can only imagine someone ran over it last night," he said, "and that it managed to crawl in here to die."

"Oh no," she sighed. "That's terrible."

"I'll dispose of it for you, if you'd like?" Baron offered.

"Would you?" Polly said. "I don't think I could ... y'know ..."

"Sure," he said, backing away, making his way towards his house. Polly saw him disappear inside. Meantime, she tried not to look the ghastly dead creature in its squashed eye.

Baron reappeared, a shovel, gloves and black garbage bag in tow. Polly stepped away as the Baron slipped on the gloves before carefully lifting the carcass with the shovel, sliding the dead animal into the plastic sack. He then tied a knot with the two edges, the lump in the bag swinging morbidly.

"Thank you," Polly said. "That's one chore this morning I wouldn't have fancied doing."

"No worries," he said. "I'll bring it to my back yard and bury it there."

"Sure, um," she began, aware that she was speaking before her brain had time to stop her, "would you fancy a coffee? That's if you're not in a hurry?"

Baron smiled, surprised. "Sure, that'd be great. I'll wash up at home and be over in a couple of minutes."

"I'll leave the door open – just knock and come in," Polly said.

"Ok," Baron said. "See you then."

*  *  *

Back inside her home, Polly raced around picking up items off the floor that had no business being there. Looking in the mirror, she adjusted her hair, and became aware that she looked liked Mrs. Frump in her frumpy nightgown. She dashed into her bedroom and, throwing the nightgown onto her bed pulled on a short black skirt. Sexy, but not slutty. In her green t-shirt, short skirt and brown wooden clogs she thought she'd catch his eye, if anything.

There was a knock on the front door, the Baron's voice calling out to her. 

"C'mon in!" she called, reaching for her bottle of perfume and spraying her throat and cleavage before making her way out of her bedroom. She spied him closing the door, and saw a look of incredulity in his eyes as he gazed upon her.

"Hullo again," he said, grinning, "you look ... different!"

"Well, I thought it was time I got dressed," she said, blushing.

"Well, you look great," he commented.

"Thanks," she replied. Then; "Coffee?"

"Yeah, great, thanks," the Baron said, making his way towards the couch He settled down and crossed his legs.

As Polly busied herself with pouring two coffees, she said, "That poor cat. I wonder who ran over it?"

"Could have been anybody," the Baron said. "Anyway, that's – oh, hello," he said, bending down to pat Polly's cat as it rubbed itself against his legs.

"I see you've found yourself a new friend," Polly said. "Cream and sugar?"

"Just a drop of cream, please," he said. "I'm sweet enough," he joked. Kitty purred in contentment before wandering off, a soft, warm bed waiting somewhere.

Too right you are, Polly thought. "Here you go," she said, handing him a cup of coffee. He took it graciously, Polly sitting opposite him on the foot-rest.

Sipping the hot liquid, he said, "Perfect, just the way I like it."

"Thanks. I'm known for my coffee-making skills."

"So what do you think of the area?" he asked her.

"It's not bad," she said. "Pretty quiet, but it suits me just fine." 

"Hey," he said, "there's been something I've been meaning to ask you."

This was auspicious. "Yes?"

"Do you live alone?"

"Yes, why?"

"Well, every morning I see someone through the corner of my eye spying on me as I leave my house."

Polly's heart skipped a beat. Oh shit!

"I thought maybe you had a kid or someone."

"Um, no," Polly said. 

"Ah," he said, the penny dropping. "It was you?"

"Yeah," Polly said, feeling her face reddening.

"I see," he said. 

"Yeah, well ..." Polly began, stammering. In fact, she didn't know what to say.

"Can you tell me why you spy on me every morning?"

Polly was mortified. What could she say? Tell him the truth? No, not the truth - of course not. The bastard; how dare he put her in this position! "Well, what about you," she retorted, "you spied on me this morning. And I dare imagine you saw more of me than I would have liked!"

Baron chortled. "Yes, I did, didn't I?" he said. "Thanks for that, by the way."

Polly couldn't help but laugh. "Yeah, right," she smirked. "I bet you got an eyeful, too."

"Red was always my favorite color," he said, referring to her red panties.

"Ha, ha," she said dryly. "May we change the subject, please?"

"Sure." He sipped his coffee and looked at her cheekily.

"I've noticed your tattoos –"

"From spying on me?"

Polly curled her bottom lip playfully. "I ... noticed ... your tattoos," she began again. "How far up your arm do they go?"

"Well," Baron carefully put his coffee cup onto the floor, before Polly reached for it. 

"Coffee stains are a bitch to remove from carpets." Her skirt rose, revealing more of her shapely thighs and another hint of red underwear. She then put the cup onto a side table near the window.

"Yeah, sorry," he said, before pulling at his black t-shirt sleeve. Several tentacles climbed up his arm and, what from Polly could see, onto his shoulder. 

"Oh, so it carries on onto your body?" she asked.

"Yeah, um ..." he said, indicating that he wanted to remove his shirt, "would you mind if ..?"

Cool, thought Polly. "No, not at all. It'll save me from spying on you later."

Baron grinned, and then pulled his t-shirt over his shaved head. He placed the shirt to one side, feeling Polly's eyes boring into him. 

Polly was quite impressed. The tattoo, a black and white mish-mash of tentacles, wriggled and squirmed from his shoulder onto his smooth chest, down his flat tummy and disappeared underneath his jeans.

"Wow," was all Polly could say.

"Thanks. " Baron said. "The cool thing about it is that if you run your fingertips down the tentacles you can feel the outline of the suckers."

"Really?" Polly asked. She instinctively raised herself off the foot-rest, before catching herself. "Would you mind?"

Baron shrugged. "Not at all. Help yourself."

Polly sprang up from the foot-stool and pounced upon him. She crossed her legs on the couch, not caring what he saw or not. He did see most of her anyway.

"Run your fingers from here," he said, taking hold of her hand and gently placing them onto his shoulder. "Close your eyes," he told her.

Polly did as she was told, and slowly began running her fingertips along the ridges of the tattoo. She could indeed feel the contours of the suckers on the tattooed tentacles. She could also feel his flesh. Hot to her touch, his body was firm and muscular. Her fingertips fell off the path of his tattoo and grazed along his smooth body, they running down his taut stomach, down towards his belt, onto his jeans and onto the rigid bulge within –

With a jolt she opened her eyes, she seeing Baron wearing a sheepish grin on his lips. "Yes," she said, composing herself. "I can, um, certainly feel it, I mean, them."

"Enjoy your self?" he asked her.

"Not as much as you did," she replied, motioning with her head towards his evident erection. "How far does that tattoo go down anyway?"

"Wanna find out?" he asked.

"Why Baron," she said, reaching for his cock. "You save me from a dead cat, let me feel your tattoos – are you trying to tell me something?" Her fingers gently squeezed the creature within.

"Me thinks your fingers are doing all the talking here," he replied, as she bent her head forward to kiss him. Their tongues entwined.

"Lemme see ... "Polly said, tearing her self away from him as she fumbled with his flies. He lifted his hips off the couch to assist her, she struggling with his belt, his button, and then his zipper. Underneath he wore briefs – gray, skin tight. Something beautiful throbbed inside.

As Polly pulled Baron's jeans off his muscular thighs, she saw that his tattoo did indeed reach under his pants. It slithered underneath his briefs, down his right thigh, the tentacle curving at the tip. She stepped off the couch and helped Baron kick off his jeans. Within seconds she sank to her knees between his thighs, her face reaching for his bulging briefs.

"I don't know how the hell this happened," she said, fingering his erection through his briefs.

"What, my hard-on? I thought that was pretty evident." he asked.

"No, stupid," Polly said, bending down to gently bite his cock. "You ending up here on my couch."

"I trust this is a good thing?" he said.

"Oh, fuck, yes," Polly said, reaching underneath his briefs to pull his big, circumcised cock into the light. It was hot and hard as iron in her grasp. "Just as I imagined ..." she murmured, lowering her head, her tongue flicking out at his mushroomed shaped dome.

"Oh yeah," Baron sighed, watching on as Polly ran her tongue along the length of his erection, circling his knob, kissing the purple tip. Her wrist softly pulled upon his shaft as she sucked him into her mouth, using her tongue as a soft, wet cushion. Her lips pressed hard down upon him, sucking his thick cock deep into mouth.

"Nice," Baron commented, his hands reaching for her head as she now bobbed up and down on his erection. She sucked noisily, salvia spilling from her mouth. She held him in her hand and smacked the tip of his cock off her out-stretched tongue. She then spat upon him, licking her spit off his glistening shaft before scooping him into her mouth once more.

"Goddamn, you can suck cock good," Baron commented, his fingertips clawing the couch in pleasure. 

"You know it, Stud," she returned, stabbing his cock-eye with her tongue, lapping at the pre-cum that oozed there.

"Up, up!" he told her, lifting her to her feet. Polly stood above him, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. Baron slipped out of his briefs, kicking them to one side before wriggling to the floor in front of her.

"C'mere," he said, clasping her hips and positioning her onto the foot-stool, bending her over so that her curvaceous ass poked out from beneath her skirt. "Just like I remember you," he grinned, lifting her skirt over her waist. He then ran his fingers over her exposed red thong, along the frilly lace, onto her warm, smooth flesh. Baron noticed that she was wet. Naughty Slut.

Parting her thong to one side, Baron lowered his head to Polly's rear, his fingers running over her wet slit. She trembled with desire as he parted her lips, then shuddered as she felt his tongue there, lapping at her dripping pussy.

"Oh yeah," she moaned, feeling his tongue enter her, part her, poke her. His nose brushed off her neatly trimmed pubic hair as he tongue-fucked her, his fingertips gripping her smooth ass. She gasped as she felt his tongue strike out at her asshole, licking her there. Polly couldn't help herself – she reached under to finger her clit as Baron continued to eat her anus.

"Goddamn," she hissed, his tongue lapping her engorged clit, tickling her fingers that played with her sopping cunt. Her moans were loud and gratuitous; Polly was living her fantasy and fucking enjoying it too.

"Fuck me," she groaned. "Fuck me, please."

Leaving her rear with a pinch between his finger and thumb, she felt Baron position himself behind her, pressing the tip of his circumcised cock to her wet slit. With a simple push he penetrated her, his cock filling her completely, his balls nestling underneath her ass. Polly let out a cry of pleasure as Baron withdrew before thrusting deep into her once more, and then repeated.

"You want my cock?" Baron asked her, without the slightest hint of decorum. 

"Yeah, oh fuck me, yeah, I want it so bad!" she cooed, backing into him. She felt his hands on her ass as he thrust deep into her, building up a steady rhythm, his cock now pounding into her, hard and full. He rested one of his feet on the foot-stool as he slammed his fat length deep into her hot, wet pussy.

"God, you're fucking tight!" Baron hissed through gritted teeth.

"Yeah, oh fuck, it's like being fucked by a horse!" she cried, her cunt stuffed with big, thick Baron cock. Her words obviously spurned him on, for soon she felt the hot sting of his palm on her ass cheeks – SLAP!

"Oh fuck!" Polly cried, how did he know she adored to be spanked?

SLAP! Again, the Baron brought his hand down hard on her ass, leaving a red mark. Polly squirmed on the foot-stool, it actually moving along the carpeted floor due to his glorious fucking.

Then, he pulled out, he falling back onto the couch, his erection glistening and long and stabbing the air. He beckoned towards Polly with his finger. "Come sit on me," he invited her.

As she climbed off the foot-stool, her pussy achingly empty, she climbed out of her thong and short skirt. Polly decided to suck him once more before she impaled herself on his fucking monster cock again. She bent forward and swallowed him into her mouth, tasting her honey off his fabulous member. Baron took hold of her hands and helped her onto him, she climbing over his thighs as she lowered herself down onto his cock, the tip of his mushroomed dome nudging easily between her dripping lips.

"Oh fuck, yeah!" Polly cried, sitting on his lap, her cunt crammed tight with his cock that seemingly swelled within her. Immediately she began bouncing up and down upon him, his hands now roaming over her waist, up to her breasts, where he tugged and pulled upon her t-shirt. Without missing a single bounce she slipped the t-shirt off her body, exposing her magnificent breasts spilling from a lacy white bra. Within seconds his hands grasped them, squeezing them, kneading their fullness. 

"Fucking gorgeous," Baron grunted, plucking round, warm breast and nipple from a bra cup and tweaking on the engorged teat. 

And then, a sexual epiphany. As Polly fucked the Baron, she peered out over him to stare out her window, and realized that this is where she spied him every morning. It was in this exact same position that she fingered her wet pussy as she gazed lustfully out at him, wanting him so bad. Now, this morning, before 10am, he was fucking her silly. It was enough to make Polly cum there and then, squeezing her pussy around Baron's twitching cock as her body shook with orgasmic pleasure. Through half-closed eyes she raised her arms in the air as she let her climax sweep over her, feeling the Baron's cock somewhere deep in her pussy, his hands clasping her firm breasts.

"Oh yeah, I'm gonna ..." Baron groaned, Polly peering down upon him and seeing him with clenched eyes and gritted teeth. She also felt his cock swell within her, and knew that he was going to cum.

Climbing off him, Polly fell to the right side of the couch and took his sticky cock in her hand, pulling frantically upon him. 

"Oh fuck, baby, oh fuck!" he cried, his voice surprisingly higher as his orgasm approached. 

"Cum, baby, cum for me!" Polly purred, and then lowered her head onto the tip of his cock, feeling the first, salty spurts of his climax on her tongue. She opened her mouth, clasping her lips around his jerking cock as suddenly, whoosh, her mouth was filled with his creamy orgasm, he spurting and continuing to spurt hot, thick cum deep down her throat. Throughout it all she heard his groans of pleasure, felt his hands on her head, and savored his syrupy climax.

"Yummy," she said, lifting her head from his lap when he finally stopped shooting. Her mouth and lips were coated with cum. 
