 On warm summer evenings I like to go swimming in one of the many secluded places just outside of town. The highway winds along by the ocean and I can pull my pickup truck off into the brush where it is concealed from sight and walk a few hundred yards to any of dozens of small coves. They have small areas next to the water that are grassy or sandy and are sheltered from the highway and on the other sides by trees and brush. People using these small coves are only visible from the ocean, and just barely from there because of the dark backdrop of trees and bushes. A few days ago, when the moon was full, I went swimming in one of these isolated spots.

My swimming companion was Anna, a beautiful young woman, in her early 20's, married with three children. Anna was married at 18 to the man she had lived with for two years and, until recently, this was the only man she had known, in the biblical sense. Although she loves her family, she feels caged, and somehow deprived because of her lack of dating and sexual experience. She and her husband are frequently apart because of commitments and have a hard time getting together. Because of these problems, he has given her permission to have brief affairs as long as they are discreet and she takes care of herself. Anna does not abuse this permission but she does take advantage of it sometimes to make love with me, and this was to be one of those times.

Shortly after dark, I pulled my truck off the highway and parked in a concealed spot. I was carrying a blanket and some pillows and Anna was carrying towels. We walked about 200 yards to a small, grassy area at the edge of the water, and stopped and embraced. I bent over and kissed Anna firmly on her sweet lips. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down to her level and kissed me back. Then she started unbuttoning my shirt. I reciprocated by unbuttoning her blouse, and then pullling it off her and unhooking her bra in the back. She pulled off my shirt and bent down and unfastened and pulled down my shorts and underwear, while I pulled her bra off over her head. After I scuffed my shoes off and stepped out of my other clothes, I unfastened her pants and pulled them and her panties down to her feet. Anna stepped out of her pants and panties and kicked off her shoes and whirled around to pose naked for me in the moonlight.

She is a delight to look at, with her long, light brown hair and her very sexy body. Anna is about five and a half feet tall, with a great figure. She came back to me and we embraced, both of us naked and not ashamed of it. As I hugged her and kissed her, I ran my hands along her shapely waist, hips and ass, and thought of her body as being almost perfect. When I think of Anna or women with bodies like hers, the phrase, "Womanly curves" comes to mind and I wonder how men can possibly even look at women who are built like Ally McBeal. Although I couldn't see her face clearly, I was sure Anna was smiling because we were enjoying ourselves and because she is always smiling.

We knelt together on the blanket that I had spread, still hugging and kissing and then we lay down. I moved my mouth to kiss her eyes and ears and then down her throat, and I cupped one of her gorgeous titties in my hand and licked on the adorable nipple. Besides being beautiful to look at and delightful to touch, Anna's titties are highly sensitive and just the touch of my tongue on the nipple caused her to start breathing hard. I gently fondled both the gorgeous twins and alternated licking the large, erect nipples. Anna leaned back with her head on one of the pillows, smiled, and purred in appreciation and pleasure at the attention I was paying to her mammaries.

I continued to fondle and lick her delectable mounds and then took one into my mouth and started to suck on it. My lips formed a tight seal on the succulent globe and as I sucked on it, my tongue continued to caress her areola and her nipple, which seemed to have gotten larger and firmer since I put it in my mouth. The twin of the first globe had its turn next and I sucked on it and my tongue caressed its nipple while Anna was murmuring her pleasure, partly at what I was doing and partly at what she anticipated I would be doing soon. But before I did anything else, I sucked on Anna's luscious titties and licked her precious nipples until I could smell her pussy secreting its fragrant juices. Holding one of the twin beauties against either cheek, I licked the channel between them and licked and kissed my way down her delightful belly to her soft pubic hair, which I licked also because it is so pleasurable to my mouth.

My tongue painted broad strokes on the downy hair until I reached her mons, and then I moved over to kneel between Anna's legs. I slipped a pillow under her ass and leaned forward, with her legs over my shoulders and my arms around her thighs, I prepared to feast on her fragrant pussy. Sometimes Anna smells like a newborn baby and tastes like cotton candy but at a time like that, all I could smell was the delightful aroma of the juices in her beautiful pussy. They tasted even better than they smelled and I devoured everything in Anna's precious love hole, and continued to lick its delicious, pink moistness because it tastes so good and feels so good to my tongue.

Her whole pussy tastes good and feels good to my tongue, and her whole pussy enjoys being licked and sucked. My tongue first went to the inner surface of one of her outer pussy lips where I licked slowly, using some pressure because this area is less sensitive than some others, although Anna's whole pussy is highly sensitive. Taking my time, I covered the whole inner surface of this lip, from her love hole to her mons, which I licked and kissed, relishing the feel of her soft pubic hair. The inner surface of the other outer pussy lip was my next object, and I licked this the same way, firmly and slowly, licking to her sweet mons, and licking there too, and kissing it. I looked at Anna's face in the moonlight. She had her eyes closed and was smiling even more than usual, and I could hear her purring contentedly.

Anna has a pretty face and I like looking at it but right now, I was more interested in eating her lovely pussy. Some juices had collected in her love hole and I devoured them, then started probing my tongue into the lower edge of that delightful hole. Anna's purring had become louder and her pussy was slowly humping into my face as I probed both the lower edge and then the two side edges. Her very sensitive inner pussy lip was the next place to pleasure and be pleasured by my tongue. I slowly and gently licked the outer surface of that lip, probing in to where it joins the outer lip and licking all the way from Anna's wet, fragrant love hole to her clit. There, I touched that precious love button delicately with my tongue, then licked gently under the clit hood. This contact of my tongue with her sensitive snd engorged clit caused Anna's pussy to hump more strongly into my face but I wanted both of us to enjoy ourselves a lot more before she reached her climax.

I moved my tongue over to start licking the other inner pussy lip, again starting below Anna's adorable love hole and caressing the outer surface of that lip with my tongue. Slowly and gently, I licked all the way to her clit hood again, and this time, when my tongue went under the clit hood, I probed her love button, still gently but with more force. The additional stimulation caused Anna's pussy to hump more strongly into my face, and her purring changed to pleasurable moans. I licked all the delicious juices from her pussy, and then inserted my tongue into her love hole and caressed the top of that marvelous place, stimulating the underside of Anna's clit. Her hips started to swivel under her, causing her legs to thrust back and forth over my shoulders and she was sighing and moaning and begging me to suck her clit.

I took just a few more strokes with my tongue in Anna's pink love hole, then sucked her lovely clit into my mouth. With my lips clamped around the base, I sucked on that precious love button while my tongue alternately probed it with force and caressed it gently. I continued this action while Anna's legs moved more strongly and her moans turned to sighs, then she started to cum. Although her hips continued to swivel, her thighs were clamped onto my head, jerking me back and forth while her pussy humped so strongly into my face that her ass almost left the ground. My hands went around her thighs and held on, keeping her clit in my mouth, where I continued to suck on it and caress it with my tongue, for as long as she continued cumming. Anna climaxed with a jerk of her hips, then relaxed her grip on my head and her ass sagged back to the ground. I happily licked all the fresh cum juices from her pussy and looked at her face. Anna's usual happy smile had changed to a smile of bliss.

After a few minutes, Anna, still smiling blissfully, suggested we take a short dip, since we were both sweaty from the warmth and the exertion. I agreed that it was a good idea so we waded into the water up to our waists and then submerged. Anna had put on a bathing cap because she didn't want to get her pretty hair full of ocean water. I don't have that much hair anyhow, and what I have is short so I didn't care. We splashed happily around in the cool, shallow water until, much refreshed, we returned to the blanket for more of what we had come here for in the first place.

Once we were back on our blanket, we dried each other off, then hugged, and I kissed Anna's sweet lips. I could taste the saltwater and I knew I would soon be tasting saltwater on her other lips. "George," she said with that same infectious smile still on her face. "Can we 69?"

A 69 is not the same to Anna as it is to most people. She would like to perform oral sex to completion but her mouth is small and she has a very strong gag reflex so she is not able to take a cock far enough into her mouth to suck on it. All she can do is lick and kiss my cock and take the head of it into her mouth and run her tongue around the rim. This is a very pleasant sensation but not enough to make me cum. "Sure," I said, and lay down on my back with my head on a pillow.

My cock had been hard when I was eating Anna's pussy but the dip in the cool water had caused it to soften. Anna liked this because she was able to take the whole thing into her mouth and roll it around with her tongue and cheeks and feel it get hard. This treatment, of course quickly caused it to stiffen so she had to remove it from her mouth, and satisfy herself with licking it or holding the tip with her lips, which she enjoyed doing. Another reason my cock got hard in Anna's mouth was that my tongue had been in her love hole, licking out any juices that might have accumulated. Even without juices, this sweet, pink hole feels good to my tongue and it tasted good, also, seasoned by the salty ocean water.

Anna was gently holding my scrotum in one hand and licking under and around that wrinkled ball sack. Her other hand held my cock, now completely hard, gently against her sweet face, until she moved her head around to lick my scrotum from the other side, and her other hand held my cock against her other cheek. Then she very gently took one of my testicles and held it with her lips and caressed it with her tongue. The other testicle had its turn next, and then she started licking the base of my cock.

While Anna's tongue was caressing my balls and cock, my tongue was gently licking the outer surface of one of her inner pussy lips. I licked slowly, starting from below her love hole and covering the entire surface of the lip several times over until I reached her clit hood. This time, I did not lick the clit but started my tongue over, licking the same surface of the other inner pussy lip from her love hole to the clit hood. While licking the inner pussy lips, I probed my tongue into the seam between the inner and outer labia, enjoying the taste and the texture of her sweet lips. Anna's pussy was already humping down on my face but I wanted to take a long time eating her pussy and I wanted us both to enjoy it to the maximum.

There was considerable fresh pussy juice in Anna's love hole so I licked it out, and then my tongue started probing the lower edge of that precious place. As I licked the side edges, Anna's pussy was humping even stronger into my face. The top edge would be saved for later. I probed my tongue gently under one of her inner pussy lips, and licked slowly toward her adorable clit.

Anna had been purring contentedly, first, because of what my mouth was doing to her pussy, causing her pussy to hump my face and, second because the head of my cock was in her mouth and she was running her tongue along the ridge. She likes performing oral sex to the degree she can, and this was as far as she could take my cock into her mouth. The combination of my tongue in her pussy and my cock in her lips had now changed her purring to moans of pleasure.

My tongue very slowly licked the very sensitive place under Anna'a inner pussy lip, from her precious love hole until the tip of my tongue brushed softly against her adorable clit. Even this minimal contact with that sweetest of sweet spots caused Anna to hump her pussy more strongly into my face. I left my tongue where it was and enjoyed the sensation of this very lovely pussy fucking my face, and then I moved my tongue to the underside of Anna's other pussy lip. Her moaning was louder as she enjoyed what my tongue and my lips were doing to her pussy and she continued to make love to my cock with her mouth.

I slowly and gently licked the underside of Anna's pussy lip, once again from her pink, wet love hole to her clit. Again, I brushed only the tip of my tongue against that adorable love button. Anna's marvelous pussy was jamming into my face now, and her hips were swiveling above me, causing her legs to thrust alternately like pistons. Her moans of delight were rising and falling and I knew she was ready to cum.

After enjoying all the fresh pussy juice that accumulated in her sweet love hole, I pressed my tongue against the top of that delightful place and massaged it firmly, stimulating the underside of Anna's clit. A minute of this and her pussy and her legs were thrashing about above me and she was calling on me to suck on her clit. Before I did that, I probed the upper edge of her pink love hole, and then I took her clit into my mouth, clamping my lips on that adorable love button and sucking on it while caressing its engorged sides and top. a few minutes of this and Anna got her wish and started cumming. Her pussy was smashed against my face and her legs squeezed my head as best she could. I held on to the cheeks of Anna's beautiful ass and kept her clit firmly in my mouth, and my lips continued to suck on it and my tongue continued to lick and probe it for as long as Anna continued cumming. With a last jerk of her hips, she climaxed and sprawled on top of me. I eagerly licked all the fresh cum juice out of her pussy and lay beneath her, enjoying the feel of her beautiful, naked body on mine.

After a few minutes, Anna moved off me and fondled and kissed my cock. "Your mouth was absolutely great on my pussy tonight, George" she said to me. "I hope your cock is as good.

Anna has a favorite position that she refers to as her "cowgirl" position and that was the position that we were going to use. I knelt before her with a pillow behind my legs for more support. Anna was to lower herself onto my cock but before she did that, she lay in front of me and licked my balls and licked and kissed my cock, and held the head of it in her lips. She enjoyed doing this and it helped her pussy lubricate. When she was ready, she rolled my condom onto my cock. Then she stood straddling me with her hands on my shoulders, and slowly lowered herself into position, moving her feet forward till they were beside my ankles. All her weight was supported by her hands on my shoulders and on her feet. I held my cock steady for her and when she made contact, I guided her until the tip penetrated her pussy. She slowly lowered herself some more while I held my cock steady and after about two more inches were inside, she leaned forward with all her weight on my shoulders. My hands were on her delightful ass to guide her to full penetration. Her feet slid forward past me as she slowly lowered herself until her pussy was entirely impaled on my cock. When she was completely in position, her arms were tightly around my neck, squashing her luscious titties against the top of my chest and my hands were spreading the cheeks of her ass. Anna's knees were bent and her feet were on the ground beside mine and she could control the strokes by flexing her legs or pulling with her arms.

Anna likes this position because she has control over the depth of penetration and the angle and speed ot the strokes and the amount of contact between her clit and my cock. We both like the intimacy of the position because we hold each other so closely and we like to whisper erotic things to each other. "I really love the feel of your cock in my pussy," Anna whispered as she slowly pushed herself away, using her leg muscles, then brought herself forward to again imbed my cock where she loved the feel of it. Again and again she pushed herself away and then brought herself back. By stroking outward like this, Anna was dragging the top of her love hole against the top of my cock, massaging the underside of her clit and causing herself to lubricate most heavily. She wanted to enjoy our fucking and was in no hurry to cum so she would only use this stroke a few times now, and later when she was ready to cum. Anna was in control of our love-making and that was fine with me. Almost all her weight was being supported by her arms on my shoulders, and the rest was on her feet. My hands were on her ass to direct, but not control, her strokes and because I like to fondle her soft, smooth ass.

Anna moved closer to me and changed her stroke. Her arms were supporting her weight and she flexed them to lift herself more straight up, rather than out. This gave her greater penetration when she lowered herself back, although less contact between my cock and her clit, and we could fuck slowly like this for a long time. "Lick my titties," she said, and leaned farther out as she stroked up and down. I cupped my hands under the gorgeous twins and licked first one nipple, then the other. They were as big and as firm and as delectable to lick as I had ever known them to be, and I continued to lick on them until, "Play with my ass," she said, and pressed against my chest again. I reached around and spread her asscheeks and then reached even further with my right arm and pushed the middle finger into her ass to the first knuckle while my left arm was around her waist. 

"Ooooo," she murmured and turned her body slightly so I was able to slide my whole finger into her ass. Anna continued fucking up and down on my cock while my finger fucked in and out of her ass.

Anna's pussy was so wet we made a squishing sound when she lowered herself onto my cock. As she stroked up and down and my finger stroked in and out, we whispered to each other how much we were enjoying ourselves, and giggled about the erotic noise we were making. There was nobody around to hear us but we were whispering because our faces were so close together. From time to time, we would kiss because, besides being lovers, we really like each other.

Anna changed her method of stroking again, swinging back and forth, so my cock started pressing firmly first on one side of her love hole then the other and I had to take my finger out of her ass. She likes her entire pussy to be caressed by my cock and I like the idea too, because Anna's entire pussy feels so good. Most of the motion was controlled by her except I would thrust at the start of each swing in order to achieve maximum penetration. Our strokes were slow because we were enjoying ourselves so much and we wanted it to last. We continued fucking and kissing and giggling and pleasuring ourselves immensely, and then Anna whispered to me "I'm going to cum."
