 "Babe, we haven't had sex in forever. We've been married for 3 years, and we still haven't had a baby. Our friends look at us like we're weird, or i'm a prude, or something." She put her hands on the back of his chair by his shoulders. He was facing his computer, away from her, and was completely silent. Not even the clicking of his mouse or keyboard. "I haven't had an orgasm in months. Touching myself doesn't make me feel the way you do. Do you not love me any-".

Turning his swivvel chair around to face her, he grabbed her thin hips and forcefully pulled her onto his lap. She giggled in a nervous way as she saw the hunger in his eyes. He tangled the fingers of his right hand in her messy, chestnut brown, shoulder length hair and pulled her head closer to his, running the tip of his tongue lightly over her bottom lip. She smiled and looked over his shoulder at what he had been doing before he started kissing her passionately. 

"No wonder," she thought. He was watching porn of young asian girls being dominated by large white men. Trying not to be bothered by the fact that he was getting horny off on something that disturbing to her, or the fact that he wanted to watch porn more than have sex with her, she focused on kissing him back.

She put her hands under his t-shirt, running her hands over his 8 pack. He took this as initiative to grab her small ass with his gigantic hands and pull her harder onto his semi-hard dick. She gasped, and she felt him open her lips further with his tongue, and kiss her even more deeply, if possible.

"Take me to our room" were the first words she said.

He stood up from his desk chair, and with his hands still on her ass, and her legs wrapped around him, carried her to their room. Her lips swollen and her eyes closed from the kissing, she was surprised when he threw her on the bed. When she opened her eyes completely, his shirt was coming off. She smiled her flirty smile at him as he started un-buttoning his levi's.

"Undress" he told her.

"Do it for me".

His jeans were still on, but there was a gigantic bulge tenting the front, his dick now as hard as humanly possible. He narrowed his eyes, put his knee on the bed and moved to lay over her. He grabbed the hem on her low cut Hollister top and pulled it over her head. She giggled again at the forcefulness and quickness of his undressing of her. Her white lace bra was gone next. He was an expert at quickly unclasping all of her bras. He then tried to unbutton her jeans, but it was a hard task due to the fact that the jeans were super tight and hip hugging. She laughed, unbuttoned, and pulled off her own jeans before throwing them on the floor.

She immediately moaned when she felt his hot mouth close around her left nipple and pull. His right hand grabbed and kneaded her right boob, pinching and rolling the small circular pink flesh. She moaned louder when he licked and bit lightly at her left nipple, and he moaned.

"Why are your pants still on?"

He grinned around her boob, and shrugged. His jeans were already undone, so she only had to push them down, as well as his briefs. She forgot how big his dick was and her eyes widened. At least 8 inches was pointing hard at her. She knew what he wanted, that was for sure.

He kicked them off when they reached his ankles, and she wrapped her small hand around the head of his cock. 

"Now".

He took his mouth and hands away from her breasts, and looked up her with his adorable puppy dog chestnut brown eyes, glazed over with hunger and lust. He moved up her body, his own hand stroking up and down his hard member. 

She closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip, knowing it would hurt. They hadn't had sex in three months with how much he had been working. 7 am - 9 pm. Then working on his computer the rest of the time. She was beginning to feel like he didn't have love for her anymore, and she forgot the way he felt inside of her. 

Her depressing thoughts were broken as one hard thrust buried his entire 8 inches inside of her. She almost screamed. He noticed she was in pain, and stopped moving inside of her.

After a few seconds, she narrowed her eyes at him. 

"Keep going, baby. I want you so bad. Take me hard and fast. PLEASE".

He began moving. Slowly at first, and then picking up speed. His balls were slapping against her ass, and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He groaned as the position allowed him deeper into her pussy, and he began going even faster. He circled her clit with two of his fingers before pinching it and pulling. She groaned loud, and her breath quickened. She could tell he was about to come because of the way he was moving and groaning, and she told him to roll over onto his back.

He stopped banging into her, and gave her a weird look, but did as he was told. She climbed into his lap again, grabbed his dick, and pushed it into her. It was easy and painless, because of how her juices for spilling out of her like a waterfall. His eyes widened and before she even got to start moving up and down, he grabbed her ass with one hand, her hip with the other, and started thrusting into her faster than ever before. Her toes curled and she screamed as her orgasm rushed over her within ten seconds of him pounding into her. He had a grimace on his face and his own toes were curling. She knew he was about to come as well, and she was well on her way to her second orgasm. 

"I'm about to come babe. I have to come." He started to pull out."Come inside me baby, please. Please." He thrusted back in, and she reached behind her and grabbed his balls.

Within five seconds, at least 10 heavy jets of his cum were spurting inside of her, making her insides warm. She came directly after, screaming into his mouth as they were kissing passionately, tongues entertwining, and lips crushing against eachother.

She was out of breath as his softening dick slid out of her, their combined juices and cum spilling out of her. She fell over onto her back next to him. They smiled lovingly at eachother and she cuddled in his arms.

"I'm staying home from work tomorrow. There's a few new things I want to try with you", her amazing husband told her.