 It was a beautiful Saturday summer morning, and I had the house all to myself! My parents had gone away for the weekend, and my older brother was spending the day with his girlfriend. I had no plans for the day, except that I wanted to spend it alone. My brother and I both were in college, and spent the summers at home. We both had friends coming in and out of the house all of the time, which was fun, but it made me cherish those times I had alone all the more.

After a quick breakfast, I checked my e-mail, and took a long, luxurious shower. I towelled off, blow dried my hair, and wrapped myself up in my soft midnight blue terrycloth robe. Back in my room, I was getting ready to pick out some clothes to put on. But instead, I got the urge to spend most of the day in the nude. Walking around stark naked was one of my favorite things to do on those rare occasions when I was home alone. I mean, it is so sensual, so freeing! I would just do my normal routine, but it would feel better in my birthday suit. I smiled, thinking how whenever I happened to catch myself in the mirror during these times, I liked to do provocative poses, pretending I was posing for Playboy,  Hustler, or Penthouse. 

Still in my robe, I walked around the house to make sure all of the blinds, curtains, and shutters were closed. Sure, I liked being nude, but I didn't want an audience. I had flashed my breasts to a few guys on our last family vacation, but it was only because I was sure I was never going to see them again! I was about to close the blinds in front of the big glass door in the back of our house that opened to the patio when the phone rang. It was my friend Mike.



I had been doing a lot of flirting with Mike lately, and it must have paid off, because he called! I got a chair and pulled it in front of the door and took a seat, enjoying the scenery while I we chatted. It was a playful, sexy conversation, and when we said goodbye, I was on cloud nine. There was a buzz going through my whole body. As I thought of Mike's tall frame, his dark, searching brown eyes, and his taught, chiseled body, my groin started to ache sweetly. I had to touch myself.

I opened my robe. Naked underneath, I let my hands flow all over my body, starting with my breasts. One of the sides of my breats is very sensitive, and I began to rub it gently. That made my nipples taut, and I ran my fingers gently over them, around and around. I started pulling and tugging, on my nipples and kneading on my breasts. That sent currents down to my vagina, and I knew I had to move my hands further down.

I enjoyed the heat of the summer sun on my body coming through the glass door. My hands flowed over all over the skin of my soft thighs, teasing. I opened my legs further, and lightly rubbed the now hot skin of my shaved pussy. This felt good, and I wanted, needed more. Imagining Mike was touching me, I opened the lips at the top of my pubic area with one hand, my clit fully exposed. With the other hand, I gently rubbed my clitoris until it was fully aroused. I wanted to hold off my orgasm, to tease myself more, to prolong this pleasure, so I just kept playing with my clit. But I couldn't take it much longer. My cunt was creaming, throbbing. My back arched, and I closed my eyes and threw my head back, still rubbing. I was about to push in the engored, twitching button that was my clitoris and send myself over the top when I thought I heard a noise. I didn't think much of it, because it was probably our dog, Snowy. Kneading and rubbing still, I put my head up, opened my eyes. On the other side of the glass, there was a man, staring straight at me! I jumped, screamed, removed my hands and closed my legs. I realized it was Danny, my brother's best friend!

He was bug eyed, and his mouth was open! He had been staring at my exposed, wet pussy. I was caught! Danny always came to the back door when he wanted to visit my brother Kyle. But this time, he had caught me in my most private moments, doing things to myself that I only wanted a lover to see!

I quickly wrapped my robe back around me, and tied it tight. Through the glass, I could hear Danny saying, "Katie, I'm sorry, I just wanted to see Kyle. I, I, I didn't mean..." But he stopped talking when I stood up and closed the blinds right in his face. I was in shock. I didn't know what else to do. As I backed away from the door, I head him knock once, then twice on the door. I was mortied, and I certainly couldn't face Danny now. Running on auto pilot, I ran up the stairs to my room, shut and locked the door. 

My room was at the front of the house, and I went straight to the window and peeked out. I saw Danny walking out from the back yard, his hands in his pockets. He leaned with his back against the driver side door of his car, and looked out in the distance. I looked at his face, and he had a pensive look. Yes, there was definite concern on his face. He wasn't having a laugh at me. I was grateful for that. He got in has car, sat in there for about a full minute, started up the ignition and drove away. Good, I wanted him gone. 

I thought about what he had seen, and embarrassment spread over me. I couldn't ever face Danny again. I couldn't face my brother when Danny told him everything! They had been best friends since diapers, and I knew, just knew Danny would spill it all! And if Kyle told my parents, I couldn't face them either. Not knowing what else to do, I got in bed, pulled the covers up right under my chin, and closed my eyes. I tried to block out what had just happened. How I wished, oh how I wished I could turn back time. Kyle and I attended a school about an hour away from home, but now, I was seriously considering enrolling at a school clear on the other side of the country!


Please vote on my story. Part 2 coming soon!!