 "I am very oral and I swallow," Liz said as my wife Jenna and I sat across from Liz and her husband John in a local restaurant, "but I won't do anything anal."

It wasn't especially strange that the conversation had turned to sex, especially after sharing a few bottles of wine. Ever since we met Liz and John through our kids' sports teams, we've enjoyed frank and at-ease conversation. Over the years, we'd become good friends, but not close or best friends, and we worked to keep the friendship current by going out without the kids from time to time. So here we were, a couples' night out, in a booth at a very nice restaurant.

It wasn't what Liz said, but rather how Liz phrased it that got my imagination going. She said, "I swallow" not "I like to give John head" or "I like to give John blowjobs" or anything that related directly to John. "I swallow" sounded more general, more inclusive. After that, I hung on her every word.

"It's hard for me to give Tony a blow job," my wife interjected. "I have a small mouth and my jaw gets cramped, but I have to admit I like it when he plays with my ass." I turned and looked at my wife with a broad smile and raised eyebrows. We are not a swinging couple and I am sure that she wouldn't handle well the morning after a swing encounter. But, when she gets a little wine in her she does loosen up and in her words "does a little too much sharing".

"I love it when Jenna shaves herself between her legs," I offered wanting to push the topic further. My normal voice is very deep and sexy and it only became deeper as I tried to keep my volume down. "It really drives me nuts. I love the feel of her smooth skin in my hands, how it feels when we make love, and I love to go down on her when she's just taken a bath and shaved smooth." 

I could tell Liz was getting turned on. She leaned in towards the center of the table and following her lead the rest of us leaned in with her, "I always keep myself completely shaved smooth and bare all the time," this time glancing directly at me unnoticeably for just a second. "I love the feeling of skin-on-skin and tongue-on-skin." We all leaned back and laughed and we eventually moved on to a different subject.

"Smooth and bare", "I'm very oral and I swallow". These phrases kept swirling around in my head and as I stole glances at Liz that night, I started imagining what her smooth, soft, bare pussy looked like; felt like wet and puffy in my hand, slick and warm around my cock or being traced by my tongue. At this point, I was really getting hot under the collar and tight in my pants.

Liz is what I would describe as a uniquely attractive and sharp looking woman. She has small and delicate facial features and kinky blonde shoulder length hair. She has a thin, small-breasted build that doesn't hold and distribute extra weight evenly and the little extra padding she has resides at her butt and thighs. She really looks great in a tight pair of jeans and a snug fitting top. She often wears small, rectangular, black-rimmed glasses, which give her a classic "naughty secretary" look. Liz is obviously conscious of her appearance and rarely goes out of the house without taking at least some time to make herself up. 

But what is most exhilarating about Liz is her intellect. She is a very sharp cookie and it is fairly obvious that she has the brains in her marriage. She is funny, and fast witted. I am likewise and when she and I get going, I can really feel not only the physical energy between us, but also our minds playing off each other in our own private tango.

We finished our evening together "normally" by going to a local club, listening to a band, and going our separate ways. But for days afterwards, I kept envisioning Liz's smooth and soft pussy and imagining what it would be like with that sharp mind focused on giving me pleasure with her mouth and body.

A couple of weeks went by. Saturday was a beautiful, warm spring day so I decided to take a bicycle ride. At 42 years, 6'1 and 170 pounds, I am fit, lean and modestly muscular and the biking and other exercises keep my ass and legs in particularly good shape. I'm a fairly avid cyclist and when I ride I wear the typical Lycra bike shorts and a tight, Lycra shirt. I feel handsome and sexy when I am dressed like this. I love the feeling of the tight slick fabric stretched across my body and I enjoy the turned heads and smiles from ladies driving by.

My route took me by Liz and John's house and I found her outside washing the BMW. She was barefoot and wearing a nice pair of shorts and a sleeveless shirt. I coasted into her driveway and we started talking. We hadn't seen each other since our couples' night out so we had plenty to idly chitchat about.

I was still perspiring and breathing heavily, not only from the 25 mile ride, but also from my fantasies about Liz that were streaming back into my head. As I stood there straddling my bike, I noticed her looking me up and down and once I think I caught her daydreaming and distracted from our conversation. She asked me if I was thirsty and invited me inside.

As we entered I saw her young son walk by. He knew me from the team and we exchanged the typical grown-up to kid "Hi." He went down stairs to their basement and we headed toward their kitchen. We all live in an upper middle class area in Maryland, situated between Baltimore, Washington, Annapolis and the Chesapeake Bay. As one would expect, her house was beautiful inside and out, being tastefully decorated and well kept. We sat around the kitchen table and talked.

I inquired where John was and she said that with all the kids' sports, she got some "alone-time" nearly every Saturday afternoon. John, Jr. was home that day because he had been sick and missed school on Friday. I tried to move the conversation slowly and carefully to our night out. I had to find a way to verify my instincts. Was she trying to send me signals the other night? Was she testing the waters? This was tricky. If I was wrong, and this was just harmless fun, then I could be firmly planting my foot into a steaming, heaping pile and threatening our friendship. What I said and how I said it would make all the difference.

"Jenna and I really had a great time with you guys the other night," I said. "And to be honest with you, I thought it was all pretty hot. Some of the stuff you said in particular really got my motor running. When we got home, I convinced Jenna to take a warm bath and freshly shave and we ended up having quite the evening." I gave her a big grin. I thought weaving my wife in there at the end provided me just enough cover.

She leaned back and looked directly into my eyes for a moment. I sensed she was sizing me up and thinking hard about what to say in reply. As she spoke, she looked directly into my eyes and slowly leaned forward.

"Tony, you and I 'get' each other and so I'm going to take a risk and say something flat out. I know I can trust you, right?" I simply nodded. My heart was beating a mile a minute as she paused and took a deep determined breath. 

"John and I have been together since High School and I've played a couple times very discretely outside of our marriage. The things you said the other night excited me too and ever since then I've been thinking what it would be like to be with you. And seeing you in that tight cycling gear has only made those feelings worse."

'Oh shit,' I thought to myself. I felt my face go flush, my heart was racing and my dick was straining against my bike pants. My excitement was impossible to hide.

"Liz, I have been imagining making love to you too ever since that night. I can't seem to get the image out of my head," I said softly.

After a moment, she broke her gaze from my eyes and looked down toward the table. She started speaking through the table as if to someone unseen. "OK then, well NOW obviously isn't a good time with John, Jr. downstairs. Next week at Noon could work. The house should be empty." She didn't wait for my response. Her speech became excited, breathy and a little rushed as she looked back up to me. "I could leave the garage door open. You could ride your bike right in and close it quickly behind you. If the garage door is open and the door leading into the house is ajar, that could be the signal that the coast is clear. Would next Saturday work? Could you wear that outfit again?"

I reached under the table and lightly touched her exposed right inner thigh with my hand and started tracing circles from the inside of her knee to just up and under the bottom of her shorts. This seemed to calm her slightly. She closed her eyes and took in a couple slow, deep breaths and regained her composure. Then suddenly, she shook her head, opened her eyes and removed my hand from her leg.

"Shit. No. Stop. Not now. Save it for next week," she said.

We both stood up. My cock had worked its way to the left where it could expand more freely. In my tight bike pants, it was plain to see as it pointed toward my left hip. She stepped toward me and with her right hand; she stroked me gently with her palm thru the slick, tight material.

"Mmmm," she said and looked up at me with a smile. "Now you get out of here, before we do something stupid." And with that, she gave me a good grab and a little shake.

I took in a deep breath and let out a sigh followed by, "OK. All right. Noon Saturday." I turned and walked out. I hopped on my bike and took the long way home, giving my hard-on time to subside.

I made love to Jenna that night and another time early in the week. We had hot sessions that were being secretly driven by my fantasies of Liz during the day. After Tuesday, I left Jenna alone, which was just fine with her. I wanted to make sure I was "fully charged" for Liz on Saturday. Jenna has nowhere near the sexual energy and drive that I do, and she was satisfied to just go to sleep the rest of the week.

What would Liz wear? I know what I wanted her to wear, what I'd fantasized she'd wear. What would she have planned for us? Planned for me? Knowing her, I knew she would think it through and fantasize about it just like I was doing.

Saturday morning came. I put on my tight silk, male-dancer type briefs followed by my Lycra bike shorts, just as requested. On top, I wore a skin-tight, yellow Under Armor shirt directly against my skin. I jumped on my bike and headed for Liz's.

When I arrived at noon, the garage door was open and only her car was on one side. Checking that the coast was clear, I rode straight into it. I saw that the door to the house was ajar, so I dismounted my bike and closed the garage door behind me.

I walked directly into the kitchen where I was just one week earlier. I could hear soft instrumental jazz coming from the family room, which was one step down and to the left from the kitchen. As I turned the corner, I saw her standing in the middle of the room, smiling at me. She was wearing a teal blue silk robe, which fell to mid thigh and was tied at the waist with a matching silk sash. It had wide, shinny lapels and the front was embroidered with a Chinese bird scene. She wore high-healed shoes and stockings. Their living room and kitchen faced a wooded park area, which was protected from development and provided both openness and privacy. The entire back side of the house was all windows and the midday sun flooded the family room with daylight which backlit her silhouette.

Without moving my gaze from her, I slipped out of my shoes. I removed my bike helmet and gloves and placed them on the kitchen table. I stepped down into the family room.

"You look fabulous," I said as I walked slowly towards her.

"Thank you, you look great too," she replied.

When I reached her, I cupped her face with my right hand. She leaned her head into my hand and brought her left hand to the outside of mine. We kept ourselves far enough apart so that we could enjoy the full vision of each other as we stood there. I moved my hand back into her mane of hair, arching my fingers and scratching her scalp past her neck and ear as she let her hand fall and trace my forearm and bicep. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back and around in time with my movements. 

While doing this, I look my left hand and starting at her right shoulder, I let my hand drag along the outside of her right arm and down to her hand. On the way back up, I moved my hand to her waist and gently started rubbing her hip and side, enjoying the feeling of her womanly curve thru the silky fabric.

I pulled her to me and for the first time our bodies touched. We looked into each other's eyes as we brought our lips together and started a series of slow and sensual kisses. Soon we were involving our tongues, first just a little but then deeper and deeper. Our tongues began to dance in each other's mouths as the kisses and our breathing grew more and more intense.

At this point our hands were roaming and exploring each other's bodies. I was softly massaging her ass and waist and she was doing the same to me. I pulled away from her and took a step back, leaving us both softly panting for breath. I moved around behind her and started kissing her neck. She tilted her head back and to the side to give me full access to her neck and shoulder. Now my hands had more to play with as they started to trace the soft curve of her belly and chest thru the silky robe.

Taking the ends of the sash in each hand, a gentle tug was all that was needed to have the robe fall open and unceremoniously drop to the floor. To my delight and surprise, she was wearing a full body stocking with an open crotch. It was of fine weave so her entire body was sheathed in silky smooth material. In the opening at the crotch, I saw what I'd been imagining. She was completely shaved and the milky white skin of her lower belly transitioned uninterrupted to form the mounds of her pussy. She looked tight and her lips weren't very pronounced. It was one of the prettiest pussies I had ever seen, and this is on a 40-year-old mother of 3!

She quickly turned to me and pushed me backwards until my back hit the closest solid wall next to a bank of full-length windows. She turned again with her back now to me. She arched her back and with both hands she reached back and brought my head back to her neck. At the same time, she started slowly grinding her ass into restrained bulge. The smooth material of my bike shorts rubbing against the slippery hose stretched across her ass seemed almost frictionless. The simultaneous sensations and visions were incredible; her hands raking through my hair, my lips nibbling on her neck and ears, the subtle smell of peppermint from her shampoo, my hands tracing from her nipples down to the lower curve of her belly and then back up along her sides along the delicate arch in her back, and her ass gyrating against my cock.

I took this opportunity to finally get my hands on her silky pussy. I ran my right hand down the center of her stomach and reached down between her legs. My middle finger rotated around her clit and along her slit as my other fingers light touched her smooth, puffy skin on either side. The feeling was unbelievable. She was so soft and smooth. My fingers felt alive, like they had minds of their own. As I teased her clit and pussy, she matched my motions with her own gyrations back into me.

My aching cock was trapped downward between my legs like it was encased in a Lycra straight jacket. As I started to reach down to let it free to the side, she noticed what I was doing and stopped me by grabbing my wrist. She turned to face me and said, "Allow me."

With that, she untied the drawstring of the bike shorts and literally peeled them off me inside out, revealing the little silk, mini briefs I had on beneath. She was now down on her knees and she looked up at me. She flipped me a smile then turned her gaze to the bulge in my shorts. She started teasing my cock thru the cloth with her fingernails, slowly tracing the length from the tip to the base and then under my balls then back again. She then quickened the pace and employed more and more of her hand until she was using her fingers and palm in long controlled strokes. All awhile, I was raking the fingers of both my hands through her scalp.

She started to trace the elastic band in the front of my briefs, allowing her fingers to reach down behind the material and periodically glance my dick. She pulled the shorts off in one quick, deliberate motion. My cock sprang out and up, pointing to the sky (when I'm highly aroused, my cock almost touches my belly even when I'm standing.)

She just stayed kneeling there for a few moments, staring at my cock and slowly tracing its length with her fingernails.

"Tony," she said, never taking her eyes from watching her fingers tracing my cock, "we've known each other for quite a while and it's been a pretty long time since I've been with anyone other than John. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I know I am clean. Have you had any unprotected sex with anyone other than Jenna recently?"

"No, I haven't," I replied. "It's been over a year since I'd been with anyone else in any way, and it was completely safe stuff. I know I'm clean too."

"OK then, listen. I don't want to put anything in the way of us feeling and experiencing each other. I don't want to use condoms with you. I want to suck your dick and enjoy the feeling of your skin against my tongue and your cum filling my mouth. I want you to tell me when you're about to cum, because it really turns me on and I want to be prepared to take your load. Then later, I want to feel you inside me and I want to feel you cum inside me too."

Oh, my god, I could barely believe this was all happening. I was so excited I almost came right there. It had been so long since I'd felt another woman's lips around me or felt the warm wetness of another woman's pussy around my dick or tasted another woman's pussy. I hadn't done anything unprotected with anyone except my wife in 20 years. If it were anyone else, I would have said "no", but I'd gotten to know and trust her and we both knew we'd be safe.

Though I had a thousand thoughts in my head, a stammering, "OK," was all I could muster.

With that she went straight to work. She started by licking my cock from my balls to the tip. She covered every inch of my member with her tongue and when complete, she stood up and led me, with dick in hand, to the couch. She sat me back on the large leather sofa, and then crawled up on hands and knees next to me. She took my entire length in three successively deeper thrusts. Each time just prior to pulling back, she locked her lips around me and sucked hard. The combination of her sucking and the natural suction caused by locking her lips as she pulled back was absolutely amazing. I could feel her engulf and surround me as her caved-in cheeks, tongue and roof of her mouth squeezed tightly together around me. Never in my life had I ever had such a fantastic blowjob.

She continued this for a several minutes, taking me completely in her mouth, locking down and then twisting her head as she withdrew up my shaft. When I didn't think the sensation could be any better, she took her right hand and started to follow her mouth with her clenched, twisting fist while her left hand was gently squeezing my smoothly shaved balls. I have a small silky section on the bottom my sack, which is very sensitive. Instinctively, she found it and focused a couple of her fingernails on that area. By my reaction, she could tell she was hitting gold.

This was all I could take and I started to climax. When I told her, she started to moan slightly and slurp and quickened the pace. I started matching her moans and motion with my hips and I started repeating over and over again, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming". I came harder than I had in years and as I did, she slowed her pace slightly but continued to suck as I filled her mouth with my juice. I could feel the back of her throat clenching as she swallowed all that I gave her. The head of my cock gets very sensitive after I cum and her continued action caused such an intense sensation, it literally brought my entire body into uncontrollable spasms of pleasure. 
