 The next day I awoke with a bit of a hangover to the sound of knocking. I rolled out of bed slipped on a pair of jeans and went to get the door.

When I opened it I found Mellisa standing in my doorway crying a little and looking at me for support. I opened the door the rest of the way and folded Mellisa into my arms and ushered her to the couch I got her a box of Kleenex and asked her what had happened to her while I went to make some coffee.

While the pot was brewing Mellisa told me that she and glen had broken up. I tried to console her as best I could and asked her why. She told me that glen had found her weed and got mad. She said she was crying because he punched her in the stomach and she didn't really care that he had broken up with her. 

I told her to sit tight and grabbed a shirt and went to teach glen a lesson. I stalked over opened the front door and grabbed him. He started whining at me and so I hauled back and decked him he stood up again and I pulled a swift roundhouse that caught him in the jaw. I then I kicked him in the groin and said "If I ever catch you near Mellisa again I'll cut your balls off and make you eat them!" I stormed back to my apartment feeling a little better and hoping Mellisa was alright.

When I got back she was very happy to see me and even happier to find out that I beat the shit out of glen. I took her down to the park and spent the rest of the day walking and trying to make her feel better.

That evening I took her to a nice restaurant and then brought her to my apartment. I sat down on the couch and was getting ready to flip on the television when Mellisa sat down beside me. She snatched the remote and threw it on the floor.

She leaned in and placed her lips on mine and It was like no other kiss I'd ever had. She opened her mouth so I snaked my tongue around and she responded. We stayed like that for about fifteen minutes. Finally She broke the kiss and sat back I was about to ask what was wrong when she said she loved me I sat there stunned for a minute and finally snapped out of it I couldn't believe it I realized that I was falling in Love with her too and said "I love you too Mellisa." 

Mellisa stood up and pushed down the straps on her dress and let it fall to the floor. After that she unclasped her bra and threw it behind her and then pushed her panties down. All of the sudden I found myself scrambling to get my clothes off.

As soon as I was undressed Mellisa was on her knees in front of me. She wrapped her small hands around my throbbing cock and then proceeded to wrap her lips around it. The warmth of her mouth felt amazing but it wasn't enough. I pushed her back and laid her down on the soft carpet and then moved into a 69 position above her and started lapping her pussy with my tongue. I pushed my tongue between the folds of her pussy and licked her clitoris which elicited a small squeal of pleasure form her. She put my dick in her mouth again and stuffed it all the way back. Soon we were both panting and moaning and as she climaxed I couldn't hold out any longer I erupted sending torrents of hot cum down her throat which she greedily swallowed.

I licked her to another orgasm while trying to regain my momentum and then moved her beneath me. I sank my dick into her pussy slowly and on the second thrust she groaned from another orgasm. I pumped my cock in and out slowly and took my time fucking her. I then rolled of and moved her on top so I could suckle on her massive breasts I took her nipple into my mouth and she moaned an affirmation of pleasure. She started to clench her pussy and by now was having multiple orgasms. The sound of her screaming and the feeling of her tight wet pussy sliding up and down my cock eventually became to much and I blasted my cum deep in her cunt cumming so hard my toes curled and I had to bite back a yell.

That night I went to her apartment and got her things and she's been with me ever since.