 Somehow, I managed to get on with life. I was still terribly embarrassed and humiliated, but there was nothing much I could do about it. I stayed out of the house as much as I could, and skipped meals to avoid seeing my parents and brother. I was still scared that Kyle had told Danny what happened, and then Danny had told my parents. On the times when I couldn’t avoid seeing my family, and when I got the nerve to look them in the face, I searched for signs that they knew what happened. But they acted just as normal.

About 3 days after the incident, I was walking in the mall, when I saw Danny! I tried to get away without being seen, but Danny spotted me. He walked toward me, but I turned and quickly walked out of the nearest exit I could find. Out in my car, I breathed a sigh of relief that I had got out of talking to Danny. What in the world did he want anyway? He had been a witness to the most embarrassing event in my life. What in the world did he want anyway?

*****

The next day, after a swim in our pool, I was on my way to take a shower, when the phone rang. 

“Hello?” I said.

“Hello Katie. It’s Danny.”

My heart beat, fast, remembering his eyes all over my body while I got myself off. 

“Hi Danny. Kyle is here. Let me put him on the phone.”

“Whoa Katie, hold on. I didn’t call to talk to Kyle, I called to talk to you.”

“Danny, what could we possibly have to talk about?”

“I think we should talk about what happened last Saturday,” Danny said.

I paused for a moment.

“Listen Danny. You caught me in a private moment. That was the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to me. There is nothing else to say about it. I just want to forget it ever happened.”

“Katie, I need to tell you something. I don’t want to talk about it over the phone. And I don’t want to talk at your house, because I don’t want an audience. Can you come over to my apartment?”

He had some nerve!

“Katie, please don’t argue with me. Just say yes, okay,” he said gently.

I couldn’t be mad at him. He was being really nice. And I was hella curious about what he wanted with me.

“Okay. What time?”

“Come over in about an hour, if you’re free then.”

“That’s fine, I’ll be there. Bye.”

I didn’t know what the hell Danny wanted to see me about. But I was sure going to find out. I ran upstairs to get in the shower.

*****

At Danny’s apartment, I knocked on his door.

He opened it, and I looked up at him. “Hi Kate,” he said, using another one of my nicknames (my real name is Katherine, but only my parents call me that when I am in trouble). It was a combination of his looks and what he had seen me do, but I was starting to feel a little shy. All other things aside, he was truly handsome. He was tall, with dark hair that matched my own. He had big brown, expressive eyes that crinkled at the sides when he laughed. He was barefoot, and had on jeans and a white T-shirt. His hair was wet, indicating he had just gotten out of the shower. I blushed and just said “Hey.”

I am very modest, but to myself I could admit I looked good. I was dressed very casually, in jeans and a pink tank top with a built in bra. But I really didn’t need a bra, because my full 34C breasts stood at attention. I was blessed with flawless skin, and I never had to wear much makeup, only a little mascara and some lipstick. I was athletic and in great shape, and tight all over. My long, dark hair flowed wild and freely. Danny looked me up and down, and I could tell he liked what he saw.

He led me inside, and I sat down on a chair. “Can I get you something to drink?” he said.

“No thanks Danny. But what you can do is tell me why you had me come over here.”

He sat down on the couch.

“Okay, I’ll get right to it. Katie, I am so sorry about what happened. It hurt you, and that is the last thing that I would ever do in this world. But see the thing is, you shouldn’t be embarrassed. Because once I got over the shock, I knew I had to do something. You see, I have wanted you for a long time. You’ve always been beautiful, but a few years ago, you began to blossom, and believe me, I took full notice. I have had a secret crush on you for a few years. But I didn’t let on at all, because I didn’t think it would go over well with Kyle.”

He paused for a second.

“Then when I caught you on Saturday, I was surprised, but my desire for you grew even greater. I mean, I know you were to shocked to notice, all you wanted to do was get away from me. But if you had looked down at my crotch for a second, you would have noticed that you made my cock rock hard. I wanted to come inside and finish you off with my mouth. After I left, I knew I had to tell you how I felt about you, and fast, because if I didn’t, I would lose my chance with you, before I even had it. I want to be with you Katie, and not just physically. I can’t keep going on without letting you know how I feel about you, just because you’re my best friend’s little sister. ”

Wow. I didn’t say anything. This was a lot to take in all at once. All this time, he had been interested in me. But, I needed more convincing. “Danny, I didn’t know you felt this way about me. And it is very, very flattering. But, I don’t know. You might just think I’m a hot chick that you want to sleep with. You might just think that I’m an easy lay. I still feel like I can’t be comfortable around you. And listen, I know you are an honest person, I’m not trying to call you’re a liar. But maybe, you’re just taking pity on me.” 

He came over to me and, took my chin in his hands and said, “Katie, you have nothing to be ashamed of. You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. Don’t ever be afraid to look me look me in the eye. I had a feeling that no matter what I said, you still would be apprehensive about being around me. And I think I have the solution to that.”

He walked back over to the couch, and started taking his clothes off. Was he crazy? “Danny, what the fuck are you doing? Are you out of your mind?”

“I’m going to even the score,” he said, stripping off his clothes until he was naked as the day he was born. My eyes went to his penis, which was about seven inches. I turned my head away and covered my eyes. 

“Look at me Katie, look at me.”

Slowly, I took my hands off of my face and turned to look at him. He was sitting down on the couch, stroking his cock. As he stroked and stroked, he was panting and moaning. His cock got bigger and bigger, throbbing and red. As I looked on in horror, my body began to betray me. My mouth began to water, and my pussy was getting wet and hot. I longed to reach down and rub my clitoris through my jeans, to tend to that sweet ache. But I wasn’t giving him the satisfaction of knowing he was turning me on. I crossed my legs, hoping that would stop what was happening down below.

He began to stroke faster and faster, his cock turgid and glistening with precum. He didn’t take his eyes off of me the whole time. I began to realize that him watching me watching him was getting him off all the more Then he came and came hard, turning his body so the cum would shoot on the floor and not on he. He grabbed a towel that was on the back of his couch (it was obvious now that he had planned this) and cleaned himself off. Then, spent, he laid down on the couch. He cock began to shrink back down to its normal size.

As he lay there recovering, I looked at him. I began to see him through different eyes. I saw that he risked embarrassing himself, letting me see him masturbate, to easy my embarrassment. I saw him as a kind, caring, considerate person, who would never do anything to hurt me. I trusted him completely. Going over all his qualities, I could see he why my brother chose him as a best friend. 

But most importantly, I realized that what I was feeling was desire. I wanted him too. I felt like a weight had been lifted off of my shoulders. I was so, so happy. 

I went over to him, not caring that he was completely naked, and sat down on the floor. I ran my fingers through his hair, and he opened his eyes.

“Danny, I can’t believe you did this for me.”

“Katie, I care about you. It was the only way I knew how to level the playing field again, so you could be yourself around me. I just hope that I didn’t offend you or embarrass you any further. I want you so badly. I want to make love to you right now. But I am willing to take things as slowly as you want. Heck, what am I saying, I don’t even know if you want to go out with me.”

I didn’t answer. My actions said it all as I pulled him in for a kiss, our first kiss. I felt a stirring inside of me. My panties began to dampen. I had kissed a few guys in my time, and most of them had left me cold. But kissing Danny made me weak. This was real.

“Danny, I want you too. Please make love to me.”

He didn’t have to be told twice. He stood up and easily pulled me to my feet. Taking my hand his, he led me silently to his bedroom.

We stood at the end of his bed. He pulled me close, just staring into my eyes, and stroking my hair. Danny is tall, about 6’3” to my 5’5”, and I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him. He put his arms around me bent down to meet my lips. We kissed deeply, and I began to feel light as a feather. I could feel his arousal against my body. In his arms, I felt so small, so safe and protected, so feminine. 

He then began to take off my clothes and shoes, piece by piece until I was left only in my panties. I wanted him to take those wet things off me too, but I was too caught up in the moment to speak. He lifted me up so prettily and laid me on the bed. He got and top of me, and put gentle kisses over my body, from my neck on down. When he got to my breasts, he stopped there for a long time, sucking and licking my nipples. I squirmed happily, my head moving side to side, almost not being able to take how good it felt. Then he kept going down further and further. He was going so slowly, I thought I would lose my mind. He finally got down between my legs, where it really counted, but then all of a sudden, he started kissing and sucking the insides of my thighs. I dug my nails so hard into the mattress that I thought I would puncture it. 

“Please, Danny, please,” was all I could manage to say. 

He said, “Katie, take off your panties for me. And look me in the eyes while you do it. I want to know that you are taking them off just for me.” Electricity shot through my body. Excited, my eyes fixed on his the whole time, I pushed my panties down as far as I could. He pulled them off the rest of the way.

He moved his head between my legs, and finally hit pay dirt. His tongue moved in and out of my wet pussy, on and around my clit. I moaned and wiggled so much, it was a surprise that he could get anything done, but he met the challenge. Juices were coming out of me freely, and Danny lapped them up like he hadn’t eaten in days. “You’re delicious,” he managed to say, then went back to work. Then, without any warning, I was up on a cloud. I couldn’t feel the bed, Danny, or anything else, but the wonderful sensation all inside my body from my head down to my pussy, from my pussy to the tips of my toes. 

Knowing I had come, Danny moved back up to my mouth. He kissed me again. I felt a little weird about being kissed right after he had eaten me out, but I was feeling so high I just let him. It felt so good to have the weight of a man on top of me. Then, I felt his cock move gently inside of me. I gasped, not out of pain, but out of pleasure. There wasn’t one moment of pain. Both of us made noises of delight. As he moved back and forth in me, I was mesmerized. I had slept with only one guy before, and he had never made me feel like this. I raised my pelvis to him, trying to get him as deeply inside me as I could. Then, he hit a certain spot, and it was like a light switch flipped on inside my body. I felt like someone was tickling me inside with a thousand feathers. I moaned. Not soon after, Danny came inside of me. I moaned again. 

Then, both of us spent, we just laid there together, breathing in perfect unison. He started stroking my hair and giving me gently kisses.

After we had gained some composure, I said, “Danny, I didn’t know it could be like that.”

“It can, when you’re with the right person. And we’re right for each other.”

“Danny, I just realized, I didn’t go down on you. I’ve never gone down on a guy before, but I want you to feel as good as you made me feel.”

“Shh, it’s okay. I felt good when I was inside you. I had an orgasm. But I know what you mean, I didn’t get that extra special attention. Well, it’s okay, because we have all the time in the world, and plenty more things to try. I have lots of things I want to teach you.” He had a wicked smile on his face, and then he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.

I laughed. “Well, I hope I make the grade,” I said, and hit him playfully.

We lay on the bed, Danny spooning me, when he said, “Katie, my feelings are still the same for you, but stronger now that we made love. I felt a real connection. I want us to be together.”

I felt the say way. I turned to face him and breathlessly said, “Yes.” And we kissed. 

“Danny, I know how best friends tell each other everything. Are you going to tell Kyle that you seeing me masturbate brought us together?”

“No, definitely not. I mean, maybe if you were someone else. Because we talk about our sex lives sometimes. But it’s different, since it’s you. He is your brother, and he doesn’t need to know about our intimate life. He probably doesn't even want to know. I’ll just tell him that I have wanted you for a long time, but held back because you were his sister. But my feelings got stronger, and I couldn’t deny them any longer. I told you how I felt, and by some awesome miracle, you felt the same. And that is the truth.”

I smiled and said, “That sounds perfect.”

He whispered in my ear, “Stay the night with me. We’ll make love, followed my making some more love, then we’ll take a break and eat, then make more love till the morning. Then we’ll shower together, I’ll make you breakfast, and we’ll make love again.”

“Mmm, that sounds great. But I don’t have any clothes, or a toothbrush.”

He said, “Well, I have an extra toothbrush. For what I’ve got planned, you’re not going to need any clothes for the rest of the night. And you’re definitely not going to need anything to sleep in.” He smiled suggestively. “Then tomorrow, when you’re ready to leave, you can wear your clothes home. I’ll follow you home, and together, we can tell Kyle that we’re boyfriend and girlfriend.”

I thought how if I stayed overnight at Danny’s house, my brother, and my parents would probably suspect that we had been fucking our brains out. But fucking my brains out is what I wanted to do, and at 18 and a half, I wasn’t a little girl anymore.

I rolled over on top of him, and cradled his head in my hands, giving him a long, slow kiss. I broke the kiss and said, “Does that answer your question?”

“Yes, and very well,” he said.

“Oh, I can’t wait to see Kyle’s face when we tell him,” I squeaked out. “Me neither,” said Danny. Then grabbed my ass with one hand, and with the other he pulled me in for a kiss. 

“Kat, I just want to make you happy. That is all I want.”

“I want to make you happy too. But why in the world did you just call me Kat?” I said.

“Well, it’s short for Katie, and anyone else would think that when they hear me call you Kat. But you and I will know that it means that you’re my little pussy cat.”

We laughed, and I said, “Okay, I like it, I like it.”

I thought for a moment. I decided to be a smart ass. I put on a mock serious look and said, “Danny, do you think I can call you Dick? I mean, it starts with a D, like your name, but people won’t know that it means you have a big--”

He cut me off before I could finish and said, “Why you little!”

We broke down laughing, for a long time. When we finally stopped, he grabbed me and held me in his arms. As we lay there, just holding each other, a warm, content feeling spread over my body. My most embarrassing moment didn’t exist anymore, and I was falling in love. Life was sweet.