 I grinded my boxer clad crotch into her slimy and soaking wet snatch, instantly causing my underwear to absorb her juices. I was trying to tease her and have her beg for my cock like I'd done with several other girls in the past. But I forgot Kelly was different. She wanted no part of these games. At least not now anyway. I felt her toes hook into my boxer briefs and tug them down, at first just enough to reveal my throbbing cockhead. I heard her let out a moan at she tugged them further and further down to reveal every inch of my thick and stiff cock, all the way down to the hairy base and my hanging balls.

''Fuck! If I had known that gorgeous fuck stick was only a few feet down the hall all this time I would have had you give it to me sooner,'' cried Kelly.

I replied, "Give it to you? What makes you think I'd have given it to you?"

With that she propped up both her tits with her hands and squeezed them together with a wry grin on her face.

"Seriously? Look at these.''

Watching her hold the heaviness of each of her two globes in her hands was such a turn on, and I felt the tip of my cock head just barely coming into contact with her dripping snatch. I used my hand to yank off the shorts, positioned myself at her waiting hole, and that's when Kelly's thick thighs wrapped themselves around my waist, forcing my dick all the way into her overweight body.

Again, I normally like to put it inside a girl just a little, maybe pull it back out, and do this a few times before letting it slide in inch by inch. Kelly was proving that what she wanted, I mean NEEDED, was cock. Pure and simple. All of my cock, now!

Her vagina was surprisingly tight considering she was not the skinniest of girls, and for some reason I equated that with meaning she couldn't have a tight cunt. Plus with this appetite for cock, I would have assumed she'd been fucked enough and would have been looser. Nonetheless, her vice grip on my cock felt fantastic. I began to thrust in and out, her legs remaining wrapped around my waist, not leaving me any chance to pull all the way out even if I wanted to, which I did not. Looking at her average face or her belly or her big thighs weren't keeping me turned on the way some of my past and even current girlfriends did with their hotter bodies, so I focused on what did turn me on. And that was her heavy melons and her huge nipples, which seemed to be fully erect as my cock plowed in and out of her blonde hole. 

I was mesmerized by watching them, their fullness and heaviness, and I found myself wondering how she possibly kept them somewhat contained when fully clothed. By now I had quite a fast rhythm going so Kelly's breasts were swaying all over and were beginning to sweat. My hands rested on her hips and I continued to plow away as fast as I could. 

"Harder!''

I pumped her even faster.

"Not faster, HARDER!"

So I pulled my dick out as far as her big legs would allow me and I slammed it back into her as hard as I could. She screamed so I knew I got it right that time. I did it again, and again, and again, pulling mostly out and thrusting back in. Her screams of pleasure validated me.

I could feel that familiar tingling in my balls. I was not going to last much longer and I was about to be very embarrassed, as we had not been going at it very long. But I was so fucking turned on, not only by the physical feeling but also how wrong this was and how much of a cock loving whore Kelly was. Kelly's room reeked of our fucking and our sweat, and I geared myself up for my pending cum. Where should I shoot it? What's going to happen after? Will we fuck again? All of these thoughts were flying through my mind at once.

My thick tool was coated with Kelly's creamy pussy and with sweat and I gripped the base of it as I pumped her one last time and suddenly was scared to death as I thought I was going to explode inside of her. To be honest I think she was well aware of this and didn't seem to care. She had to know the feeling of a man primed for cumming. Either way, I got my cock out of her just in time to aim toward her giant tits and erupt, spurts of my white cum shooting all over the place including one or two spurts onto her tits but then a few into her hair, her face, and her blanket. 

I pumped what felt like endless loads of hot white jizz landing all over until I finally collapsed next to her on her bed, completely drained of cum. I was afraid to look over at my roommate because I didn't know what she was thinking or what we were supposed to do next. But I had little choice so I turned to look at her face and that's when I saw her feeding herself my cum right off her own oversized tits. She had each tit held up to her mouth and was tonguing whatever cum she could into her mouth. I couldn't even see her face thanks to those fucking tits but I suddenly felt my softening and drained cock inflate with blood again at the sight of Kelly eating my cum off her tits. 

I realized after all of this, I'd yet to actually get those massive mams into my mouth and they looked so damn good in hers so I rolled myself on top of her sweaty, just fucked body and buried my face in her cleavage as she let go of them from her mouth. There was so much tit meat and I was lost in it but I grabbed one in each hand as I licked any part of her chest I could. They spilled out of my hands as I squeezed them and alternated licking each of her nipples. I liked liking the outer bumpy circle around her actual nipple and then moving in and sliding the nipple into my mouth. Her nipples were hard as rocks and I alternated my sucking between Kelly's tits.

I was doing so much slobbering over her chest that I hadn't even realized that a foot or two south my cock had hardened and lengthened to full prominence again. But someone did notice...