 Writers note, I have shared all my stories with Lauren. I must say that she really enjoys them. I write them for her, but with her permission I share them with you. 

Lauren is a woman that dreams are made from. She is untamable, wild, sexy, and beautiful. Every man has dreamed of, or seen a women like this one in his life. I was lucky enough to find her. Most of all she is a great friend. “FUCK SHE IS FINE THE HOTTEST NAUGHTIEST WOMEN I EVER MET”

I thought, I saw you the other night in a crowded hazy bar. I stood and watched you dancing from a corner. I know who you are. I see a woman that I want so badly. I know you’re married but I want you. Lauren, I want you so very bad. I just need to think of a way to get you alone for a couple of hours. It is so hard to get you away from all those men that keep dancing with you. I just can’t get near you. I keep going back every night hoping to find you. The nights that I see you I want to talk to you but I don’t want to get rejected. You’re so fine all the guys won’t leave you alone for a minute. I am going to find away to talk to you the next time I see you.

I walked into the bar and found you dancing again. I just stand and watch you move. God Lauren you sure can dance. You dance so fucking hot, sexy, and very provocative. The way you move is awesome. I don’t know who the guy is that has been hanging all over you. I want you Lauren and tonight, I’m going to let you know who I am. 

I watch you go to the bar and lean over to order a drink and the guy goes to the rest room. I step behind you and you turn around and spill the drink down my shirt. You start to laugh and say how sorry you are. And I tell the girl behind the bar to make you another drink and I’ll pay for it because it was my fault. Then I look deep in your eyes and tell you that I did it just to talk to you. “I think your beautiful Lauren and I know who you are” I know you’re married and I have been watching you for a long time. I see all those men with you all the time. I’m sorry if I’m bothering you but I have been coming here and looking for a chance to meet you.

You look at me and tell me to chill that you’re just a regular girl. I reach inside my coat and take out a long stem rose and hand it to you. I have been dreaming of meeting you for a very long time and when I found you here. I thought I was going to die. You don’t know what I would do to have you for one night.

The guy comes back from the rest room and takes you back out on the dance floor. I walk back to the place I always stand and watch you dance. You look back over at me and I wink at you and smile I hold up the rose you dropped and you walk off the dance floor over to me to get it. The guy gets real pissed and wants to fight but the Bouncers get to him first. You look at me and smile. 

We go out on the dance floor and dance to a real slow song and it feels like it’s going to last forever. You feel me pressing hard against you. My hands slide over your sexy curves. I don’t want to miss a spot. I look into your eyes. Then, I smile at you and tell you that I’m getting married soon. I wish you would be my wedding gift for the night. You look at me and say lets go. 

When we get to my place you look around the living room and see all the candles lit and flowers all over. I tell you that I have been doing this every night that I went to the bar and hoped that I would get to bring you home just one time. Now a week before I get married I get to have you. I kiss you and take your top off as my hands press and rub all over you. I stop and go to the kitchen to get us a drink. I come back to the living room and your standing naked in front of me. I walk up and run my hands over you. I try not to miss a curve. I kiss down your neck and shoulders. I bring your hand to my lips and suck on each finger one at a time. I slide my hands down your long beautiful legs. I look down at your feet and they are in the sexiest high heeled sandal shoes. Then I run my tongue up the back of your legs. I stop and look at your perfect ass. Then I push you against a wall and push my tongue in your sweet bottom. I stand up and press my chest against your back and pin you to the wall. I start to suck on your neck wanting to leave my mark on you. I wish it would stay forever. You can feel my hard cock press between your ass cheeks.

Then you turn with fire in your eyes. You look crazy with lust. I tell you to please take my clothes off and tell me that you’re going to be my last fuck before I get married. Then you rip my shirt off and tell me to take my jeans off. I watch you reach down and grab my hard cock and squeeze it hard. Telling me you want me to fuck you long and slow. I pull you close and rub my hard cock between your legs as I suck on your perfect nipples. I turn you around and pull your back against my chest squeezing your tits in both hands. I feel you pull my hard cock between your legs and rub it back and forth with your sweet pussy soaking me with your juices. You’re so fucking hot Lauren.

I whisper to you that I can’t take it anymore. Then I walk you over to the couch and push you back so that you’re sitting. I put your feet up on the cushion and kneel down in front of you. I’m looking into the most on the perfect shaved wet pussy on earth. I inhale deep and all I can smell is the perfume you’re wearing. I look up into your eyes and ask you if you sprayed perfume down here on your tummy. You tell me yes, and I ask you why. You tell me you like to smell sweet and you planned on getting fucked tonight. Then you can feel my tongue press to your wet pussy as I kiss and lick your sweet juices. Your pussy is so clean and sweet it’s like spring water. Never in my life have I tasted a pussy so sweet and clean. Then I press my tongue on your tight little ass and move back to your pussy. You feel my tongue slide inside you as deep as I can push it. I pull back and look in your eyes. I want you Lauren your pussy tastes so sweet. I don’t ever want to stop eating you. I could lick your pussy for days. You hold me between your legs by my hair and grind your wet pussy against my face. Fuck my face sweet Lauren. I pull back and slide my hard cock inside you with one long slow stroke. You watch as I try to push it in as far as it will go. Your pussy is so fucking hot and wet! I want to taste it again. But you hold me inside you. I look into your eyes and tell you that I’ll remember this, for the rest of my life. When I’m married and I fuck my wife I’ll think of this. Your sweet hot, wet, pussy. It does things that I have never felt. It feels so fucking good. 

We fuck long and slow and I feel myself ready to cum. I push my cock as deep as it will go and start pleading with you not to make me cum. You look me in the eyes and know you can take it any time you want to. You know that you’re in control. Then you smile at me. I know you’re fucking me right now. Then I tell you. Wait till I cum. I’m going to do the fucking when I get control of myself. I’m going to fuck you. I can’t hold back anymore. You just take my cum from me. You keep milking me and milking me. I know you can feel me throb inside you as my cum starts to shoot. I try to wait to feel your hot rush flush over my hard cock. But it’s too late I can’t stop my self from shooting. Oh Lauren feel my heat. I hope you’re not in a hurry. I’m going to do the fucking this time and show you how your pussy should be treated. I’m going to make it good for you. You’re going to know that some married guy is fucking his wife thinking about you. I’m going to show you how your pussy should be fucked. You gave me the chance now I’m chasing a dream. You will remember the fucking I’m going to give you this time!

I lay you back on the couch and lick my cum from your wet pussy. My cock stayed hard and licking you made it throb even more. I slide back up your body and shove my hard cock in as deep as it will go. Then I pin your hands above your head and hold them there. I look down into your blue eyes and tell you that I’m in control now. I tell you not to move and that I’m going to keep you on the brink of orgasm and hold you there. I don’t want you to cum till I say. Then I’m going to take it. 

I start to fuck you with long slow strokes. Then I stop with just the tip of my dick inside you, I feel you contract around my hard dick. I push it in a little more and contract my stomach muscles you feel me shoot a little bit of cum. Then your eyes glaze over. I tell you that I want to fill you with my cum. I want it to run out of your sweet pussy when I’m done. “Fuck I’ve waited so long to do this,” Then you look at me and tell me to stop teasing you. I push all the way in and hold it there until I feel you contract again and shoot more cum. I start fucking you hard and fast, then slow down as I hold your arms above your head tighter. From the look on your face you like, I’m putting you through torture.

I need this, all the wanting, waiting and watching I have done. Now I’m going to pump you so full of my hot cum. Then I start to fuck you hard and deep again. I tell you you’re a dream girl. I don’t ever want to stop fucking you. Take all my hard cock Lauren. You feel like a glove squeezing me then I fell you open up around the tip of my dick. That’s where I’m going to shoot my hot cum. 

I know your getting ready to cum so I keep hitting that spot. You start to cum and I feel that hot rush all around the tip of my cock. God you’re so wet. I hear you say “oh fuck oh shit” as I keep hitting that spot. Your hot rush is all over me. I start shooting my cum in that deep spot. I can feel us mixing our cum in that hot spot. You lay there and keep taking it. I keep shooting and shooting it inside you. I can’t believe how much you like it. 

I tell you how naughty you are. You look up in my eyes and say. “You fucking like it."

I fall against you spent. Then you roll over on top of me and start to drag your nipples across my chest. Then you hand me your panties and tell me that they are a wedding present. You want me to remember this night. Then you ask me to come and find you after I get married and you will show me how naughty you really are.