 I can hear you in my head still, telling me how wet you are. My fingers itch to slide down your belly, through your hair and into your wetness. I want to feel your lips swell and darken, and smell that gorgeous musky warm bread and honey smell that is so special to you.

I want to stroke the skin on the inside of your forearms, and to watch the goose bumps rise, and take your hand in both of mine, to raise your finger tips to my mouth. I want to take your finger tips between my teeth and stroke them with my tongue - to taste each finger in turn, feeling the soft sensitive skin along the sides. I want to smell the scent of your hair, listen to your breath as it catches in your throat and to hear the tremor that tells me what's going on inside you.

I want run my fingertips over the smooth round curves of your shoulders, and the back of a fingernail lightly down your ribs - I want to watch your nipples slowly swell and darken as you feel my desire and respond with your own.

I want to look at you and see the slight darkness of your dampness on your knickers, and the way that the material has moulded itself around you - the way that they cling to you as I hook my fingers into the waist and slowly slide them down enough to kiss your belly beneath your belly button. I can still feel the curve of the front of your pelvis, and recall how it looked so long ago

You are completely breathtaking; I can feel my breath catch in my throat as I start to tell you how beautiful you are. My body responds to you and I can see you smile. Your desire lifts my spirit to the same plane as yours; I feel your pleasures through my finger tips and tongue, my skin as you feel your arousal mount inside you.

I want to see you relax in your nakedness, completely confident of my desire for you, and my appreciation of you - to know that every one of my nerve endings is tingling, and that I am trembling with the same excitement, my voice thickened by the same desire.

I want to ease your legs apart to look at your wonderful fluid arousal, and slowly run the very tip of my tongue along your thighs, watching the goose bumps spread across your skin. I remember how big and dark and your nipples are when you are aroused, how the pulse beats in the hollow of your throat and how your eyes widen with each touch. I can still hear the sound of your breathing as you slowly surrender to the sensations that you feel mounting in your belly. 

I want to run a finger tip along the crease between the base of your belly and your thigh and watch you slowly swell to fit into my hand as I cup you, and feel your wetness seep between my fingers - your nipples hard against my skin, transmitting the steady beat of your heart to my chest, and your breath soft and warm on my neck.

I want to feel your heat and slickness in my palm as I take my hand away to run my fingers up the outside of your lips to close them, so I can reach back to the tight little pink bud of your bottom, and feel how slippery you are where your copious lubrication has gathered, and then slowly run a single finger up between your lips parting them all the way up to your clitoris - to feel how hard it's become. I want to rub it in slow lazy circles, dipping down to rub gently around your urethra, and then back up to circle the hard eager little button. 

I want to cup your breast, feel its weight and stroke your nipple for the pleasure of listening to the tiny gasp as the sensations move - I want to feel you move your hips against me, silently asking me to touch you again. I want to dip my head to your belly and run my tongue around your belly button, tasting you, and enjoying teasing you, and then run my tongue slowly down the crease of your groin and to your thigh, put my hand under your bottom to lift you to my mouth when I'm ready for you.

I want to sense your urgency, to watch your thighs and then your lips part as you open yourself to me, and to look into your vagina to see the folds of shiny deep pink flesh pulsing. 

I want to lick slowly and gently along the top of each lip in turn, gathering the moisture that has collected, and then back down to your bottom to feel it against the tip of my tongue, touching the tight folds and feeling the little twitches as I flick across the sensitive centre, and then begin the slow journey up your deep hot slippery cunt. 

I want to feel the dip of the tiny tight opening where you pee, and then the hard button of your clitoris - to suck it slowly between my lips holding it and caressing the very tip with the tip of my tongue and to listen to your breathing getting ragged as I lap at your hot salty juices. 

I want to take the whole of you in my mouth so I can taste your moisture and drink in your arousal, and then, when I think you're about to explode, slow down, hold you and cuddle you, slowly, gently, stroking your belly and breasts, your legs and your bottom - feel your breathing steady and then deepen again as feather light touches explore all around the places that are most sensitive, your throat, around your mouth, under your arms, long raking strokes down your flanks to the soft hair at your belly 

I want to watch your lips darken and swell again, and see the moisture gather so that I can collect it on my finger tips and lick it off - when I think you can't bear anymore, I want to cup you again, and then slowly slide a finger either side of your fat, slippery wetness to the fold of skin at the top, gathering all your moisture into a slick fluid pool 

I want to see the area around your nipples darken, watch your nipples harden even more until I can see your pulse in them, and then when your are running with soft slippery arousal, reach down and softly, gently almost imperceptibly caress your clitoris again, to run my finger around it in slow lazy circles, and then over it - to dip down and scoop moisture up on my finger tips and back up to glide across it again - to rest it when it aches to burst by circling the little secret place below - to feel you twitch as you feel me skirt the opening of your vagina, and down to your bottom again - to spread your slippery fluids around it and slowly circle it, pressing lightly in the middle so you feel the slight sensation of pressure right up into core of your belly.

When I feel you lift your hips, greedy for my touch now, breathing ragged and gasping, I want to hold you very close so that you can bury your face, shut out everything but the feelings in your legs and belly, and muffle the little noises that you make against my chest - hold you so that you can feel my heart beating as hard as yours and then gently caress your clitoris until you reach the point where you orgasm.

I want to hold you as you do, stroking you, prolonging the sensation, and enveloping you as soar away so you are safe to relax into what you feel - to let all the want, all the desire come flooding through into raw sensual power. 

I want you to feel the power of what we have done together and soar on its' wings. When you are finally spent, I want to be there as your senses return.

When your hips and tummy are still, I want to cup you again, reaching far enough back between your legs to hold your buttocks and still keep your wetness in the palm of my hand whilst I cuddle you and quietly stilling you with little kisses, stroke your back and shoulders. 

I want to feel your arousal ease and feel you settle closer and comfortably in to me - and when you are ready, I want to see you slowly raise your head, and see that slow smile of pleasure and self consciousness when you realise how much you've abandoned yourself to the touch of my fingers - I want to hear that little laugh as you bury your face again, feel your breath warm on my chest, and nipples scraping against my skin, but softening slowly as your breathing slows and you press yourself tighter against the warmth of my body, and snuggle tighter into my arms.