 "I want to play a game," she breathes into my ear. Her perfume makes it hard for me to respond. She is so close and all I can think about is touching her.

"What do you want play?" I ask her with a wink. She is such a naughty plaything; I knew it was something kinky.

"I've been a bad girl, Daddy." She squirms as she says it in her best little girl voice. The light in her eyes is pure desire as she looks intently into my eyes.

"I don't really like that game, Bunny. You know I don't want to hurt you."

She climbs on my lap, I can feel the heat from her pussy radiating onto my crotch. The woman is always on fire. "Please try," she whimpers into my ear, and then she proceeds to slide her lips down the side of my neck. She giggles as I try to rearrange her on my aching groin. 

"Ok Bunny, I will try." I run my hand up her bare leg until I am touching her naked thigh. My mind races when I realize she isn't wearing any panties. "Such a naughty girl! " I growl in her ear. "Where are your panties?"

A sly sexy look crosses her face as she formulates her answer. "I lost them Daddy." She bites her thumb. She knows how much I love looking at her mouth.

"I can't believe you don't know where you left your panties, Bunny! What am I going to do with you?" I grasp her arms and look into her wanton face. She wriggles on my lap and I can feel the moisture seeping thru my pants. I groan with need, she is making me crazy and I haven't even touched her yet.

"I think you need a spanking to help you remember where you left those panties! I use my best Daddy voice and slide her off my lap. I catch a glimpse of her naked bottom as she slides off and stands up. All I can think about is grabbing that tush and breathing her in. I catch my breath and try to concentrate on the game.

"Over my lap young lady." I grab her hand and pull her to me. She resists a little, smiling impishly at me that thumb back in her kissable mouth. Her blonde hair is in her eyes and she brushes it away, her hungry look makes me want to crush her under me, kiss her till we can't breathe.

She is over my lap now, her skirt hiked up, that naked ass in the air. I enjoy the view for a few seconds until she starts squirming. I raise my hand and let it fall to her naked globe. A soft pop precedes the audible moan from the woman on my lap. I slide my hand over the spot and then lift my hand for another strike. A little harder this time, I smack her shimmering cheek. I can feel her grasping my pant leg, her back arching to invite me to continue. I spread her legs for a better view and take the opportunity to run a finger between those legs. She is hot, slick, and swollen with passion. I know my cock is throbbing against her stomach. She turns to look at me, "please, more, "

I smack her round ass again, pulling it so it pops. She cries out in pleasure, the sound rings in my ears. Again, I lift my hand and down it come. Faster now, up then down onto her reddening cheeks. Her cries are louder now, I can feel the pussy juice seeping into my pants, and I can smell her excitement. I can't resist sliding my fingers into her beckoning slit. She pushes against them, to get them deeper inside. I slap her quivering cheeks again, and then shove my fingers back inside her. She is nearly dancing on my lap; her body is shaking as I continue my assault. Finally she breaks, her passionate moans rising as she comes on my fingers.

I pull her up to sit on my lap, facing me. Her face is a mask of desire as I pull her to me and kiss her. She is clawing at my pants, fighting to free my throbbing cock. Her tongue is dancing with mine, her kisses wild and wet. Finally I am free of my pants and she shoves her feverish pussy onto my welcoming cock. I catch my breath as she slides onto me, so hot and slick. I arch my hips and she moans into my mouth. I can feel her pussy quivering around my cock as I begin to thrust into her. I am bouncing her on my lap, watching her face as she rides me. I grab her head and pull her back to me, hungry to kiss her passion flared lips. She is grinding into me, murmuring my name as I continue to drill her wanton slit. I lick her lips, nuzzle her ear, and bite her neck. I feel her stiffen and I know she is ready to explode. I thrust into her faster, harder. She screams as her climax hits and I feel the passion flood onto my swollen member. I arch into her once more come with her. I feel my insides melt into hers. Still kissing her, I slow the rhythm. I can hear her heart beating against my chest. I touch her face, brush her wild hair from her eyes and gaze into fire. She smiles at me, the desire for me written in her eyes. "Good game, yes?" She winks at me then pulls me closer.