 I want ...

I want to look over and see you smile.

I want to walk over and touch your cheek with the curve of my finger.

I want to smile down at you as you reflexively, comfortably lean against my hand.

I want to be able to kneel down in front of you and kiss you.

I want to taste you, to touch you, to have my tongue tease yours ... and be teased in return.

I want to pull you up to your feet and smile as our eyes meet.

I want to wrap my arms around you and squeeze you, hug you, prove to myself that you're really here with me.

I want to move with you to the wall and move you against it, so you can't get away.

I want to keep kissing you, feeling your soft lips kiss back as I slide my hands down your back.

I want to squeeze your ass and pull you against me.

I want to show you just how excited I am to be near you; I want to let you feel how excited I am.

I want to smile as I see the coherency in your look fade and the need, the desire ... the pure hunger sets in.

I want to feel your hands move over and around my body.

I want to slide my hands around and up your body, cupping your breasts before I slide my hands back against the wall.

I want to lose control and kiss you all over -- your lips, your chin, your neck ... everywhere I can find bare skin.

I want to do more.

I want to grind against you.

I want to pull you from the wall and follow you to the bed, your body in front of mine, my hands on your side, your hips, your ass.

I want to reach around you and undo your pants.

I want to feel you push your shoulders against me as I slide my hand inside your panties.

I want to hear you moan as I rub your clit.

I want to hear you gasp as I slide one finger, then another, inside you ... then back out.

I want to feel how wet you are.

I want to feel your hands reach for me, rub against me.

I want to grin as you undo the button, then give up because you just can't focus anymore.

I want to hear the faint cry that comes when your body shakes and your first orgasm hits you.

I want to hold you before letting you turn and sit, then lean back on the bed.

I want to watch the focus in your eyes return.

I want to be able to stand back and let your hands reach up to me and undo my pants.

I want to let you take my clothes off -- and I want to return the favor.

I want you to follow you up the bed as you slide backwards, your arms and hands pulling you closer to the headboard.

I want to have to chase you, steal kisses from you as you move away.

I want to catch you, hold you down, and kiss you hard.

I want to let go -- with one hand -- and I want to feel you breathe into me, against me, as I rub your clit again.

I want to feel you shake, to move, to try and pull away -- and I want to let you get away, but not for long.

I want to meet your eyes, I want to watch, I want to share with you that moment when I slide into you.

I want to start slow because I'm not in a hurry.

I want to push hard against you.

I want to eventually lose control ...

I want to feel your hands squeeze my arms, my skin.

I want to feel your fingers in my hair.

I want to feel your fingernails on my back.

I want to feel you ... against me, with me, around me.

I want to move into you. Again. Again. And another time.

I want to push my cock inside you and feel you around me, squeezing me.

I want to make love to you. I want to fuck you.

I want to feel that high that comes with someone special.

I want to lose my breath.

I want to be there for you when that happens to you.

I want to be able to dreamily smile down at you.

I want to be able to kiss you.

I want to be able to hold you.

And more importantly than all the rest ...

I want to be able to say out loud and forever more,

I want you.