 (Amateur writer, amateur in general, happy to receive comments good and bad, hope you like.) 

---

We both raced up stairs to his room, in a rush, a small giggle escaped my lips. As we entered his room I turned to face him, backing up towards the bed slowly. He smirked down at me and closed the door behind him without his eyes leaving mine. I felt my skin tingle, with anticipation, the atmosphere changed from playful to heated.

He stalked towards me slowly as the back of my knees bumped the bed and I stayed stood up, smiling as he advanced.

As he stood in front of me, his arms reached out and gently pulled me to his body, into his embrace, bringing me into a soft kiss. I let my hands trail up his arms and chest, to the back of his neck, into his hair, pulling him further into the kiss. I parted my lips, licking his lower lip tentatively almost shyly and heard him groan and pull me against his body more.

His tongue greeted mine and we kissed openly letting our tongues dance before meeting our lips more hungrily. His hand slid down my back, down to my ass down further hooking my leg up around his waist to give him more access to grind against me. I gasp at the heated sensations running through my body.

We suddenly fell back onto the bed still kissing, and I pushed myself back to lay my head on the pillows and he crawled over me, our lips connected the whole way. 

His knee pushed between both of my legs and he raised it up to push gently against me and I gasped a small moan, pushing back against his leg. I touched his abdomen down over his hip and his thigh, feeling for the tell-tale bulge and when I found it he grunted as I rubbed it through his jeans, his very tight jeans. When I wondered if they might be painful on him he backed off to pull off his jeans and his t-shirt and crawled over me again. He kissed my jaw, just under my jaw down my throat trailing butterfly kisses, but was stopped by my t-shirt. He growled and I sat up letting him help me take it off. As I threw the offending article away his hand trailed down my arms, breasts torso and to my back as he went back to kissing my throat, his knee pressing again into me making me moan.

I reached for him, finding the bulge straining on his boxer shorts and grabbed him gently, squeezing a little and pumping slowly, earning me a small groan from him in appreciation.

He began trailing kisses down my throat again, rubbing my back feather light, driving my senses wild, my back was so sensitive to the touches.

He expertly unsnapped my bra with one of those caresses on my back, making it feel as if it just melted away in his touch. At this point his kisses reached down between my breasts and as my bra fell away his hot breath made me stand at attention. He latched onto one nipple teasing it with his tongue and lips while the other was gently tweaked by his hand. He swapped the actions and laved attention with his tongue on the other nipple as I writhed on the bed almost in ecstasy.

Eventually he moved on from my breasts, moving his hand down my abdomen slowly, teasingly, over my jeans and into the crevice between my legs. His hand felt hot as he pressed it against me, and I was getting frustrated.

"I-" I started to say, what was I trying to say? "I- I wa-." I paused again and he lifted his lips by my ear breathing on it and I shivered bodily.

"Say it." He urged pressing his hand against me again.

"I- I want-" I moaned, "I- Please, I want- I want it" I begged half delirious, I hadn't a clue I was evening speaking.

He nipped my ear, "What do you want, baby?" He breathed, I could hear the smile in his voice. I squeezed a little more on his member and he grunted.

"Please, touch me. I want-" I moaned and he tore my jeans off of me, leaving us both in our underwear.

Before I could even think to recover, his hand was between my legs, his fingers rubbing gently through my panties and I gasped at the feeling, my panties were soaked so his touch felt slick and hot. I couldn't help it as my body bucked slightly up against his hand. His other hand grasped at my breast and my back arched, I was so close, yet so far.

"Please-" I began to moan, Oh god I want it so bad. 

He licked and sucked my ear lobe and breathed shakily on my ear and I shivered again with a moan, so many sensations driving me insane. "Tell me what you want me to do, Baby, all ya have to do is say." He encouraged, his fingers quickened, adding more pressure. I felt such a strong sense of hunger, lust, need.

"Just fuck me!" I cried out and tried to pull down his boxers. He kissed me hard on the lips and broke away to pull off his boxers and then my panties. I felt myself calm down a little and I looked over as he opened a foil packet, and pulled on a condom.

He climbed onto the bed, crawling towards me, staring at me from between my legs with a dark look in his eyes. I could feel his breath searing me, he smirked, lowering his face and my head shot back against the pillows and I cried out as his mouth did wonders on me. My eyes closed of their own volition and a low moan escaped my lips as he slipped in two fingers gently pumping inside me. My hips moved automatically, need growing, desperate feeling. 

"Fuck me, just fuck me already!" I said pulling his face to mine, tasting myself in his mouth on his lips. Oh god.

He plunged into me suddenly and we both groaned as we rocked hard against each other, the noise of slapping flesh filling the bedroom.

I moaned as he thrust to the hilt into me, again, and again and I thrust my hips to meet his grinding when I did.

He sucked on my throat kissing and biting me turning rough through the love-making as we both rushed to our end goals.

I felt a climbing sensation start in my toes, and like fire it tore through me, consuming me towards my core and when it hit me I saw white flashes behind my eyes and I felt my body tense as my hips bucked wildly against his driving him over the edge. The added sensation of him exploding and throbbing made me gasp and jolt as we slowly settled back down. 

He laid over me, still inside me and kissed me softly and smiled. I kissed his chin and he chuckled and rolled to his side next to me, the feeling of him sliding out of me left me a little cold and empty but he brought me into his arms and snuggled me close into his chest, entwining our legs together. 

He reached to the foot of the bed and brought the blanket over us as we calmed and chilled exposed as we were to the now cooling room.