 You were sat on the chair looking kinda tired from the long drive you've done today. I walk behind you, grab you hair and start kissing down your neck. I run my hands over your shoulders and down your chest. I slip my hands under your t-shirt and they feel cold against your hot skin. I slowly run my tongue up your neck as I listen to your low groans. I peel your t-shirt up over your head, throw it across the room, and move my mouth down to back, and kiss your shoulders. I wrap my hands right around your waist and pull at your button up jeans. 

I listen to breathing speed up in anticipation as I slowly move my hand closer to hard cock. I wrap my fingers you, right at the base and suddenly become aware of how wet I am. I quickly stand up, move in front of you and straddle you on the chair, all in a quick movement that you hardly register. I kiss you furiously on the lips, run my hands through your hair and grinding my hips against you. Your moaning and pulling me closer letting me know how much you want me. I'm so worked up now, but I know I'm gonna make this last. 

Suddenly I'm up and pushing you off the chair, stripping you of your jeans and boxers, but then staying down on my knees. I start to slowly run my hands up each of your legs, enjoying the feeling of your firm skin. as my finger get further up to your thighs I lift my head so that I'm looking right into your eyes and my lips are hoovering right in front of your swollen head. I don't break your gaze until the very second that I let you feel my lips against your cock. I feel a little wave of pleasure as I push you right into my mouth and hear you let out an uncontrollable groan of relief at the feeling of my wet mouth gripping you. I start off with a few long, slow, strokes but quickly build up the pace. I grip your hips and let you control the pace a little until you loose control and start fucking my mouth. Then I take back the control and slow it down a little, pulling my tongue right up your shaft, flicking the tip up over your throbbing head. Your being thrust into me slower now but I'm pushing you back deeper and deeper into my throat, feeling it contract ever so slightly around you. Your getting closer and closer to cumming and the sounds your making are getting more and more unrestrained. I can't take any more, I'm dripping wet and you haven't even had the chance to touch me yet. But the fact that I'm fully clothed and your completely naked, hot, sweaty and so close to cumming has gotten me so turned on. 

I pull myself up from my knees and push back down on to the chair. I just can't wait any longer, you watch me intently as I frantically pull my clothes off. I stand over you for a moment before swinging one leg over and straddling you. I start to kiss you forcefully on the lips again, pulling your chest right up close to me. I'm loosing myself to the feeling of our hot bodies rubbing against each other. Your cock is rock hard now and I can feel it getting wet against me as I rub you against my wet pussy. I want to feel you slide into me so badly but I make the feeling last my moving in a way that only allows you to rub your cock between my soaking wet lips. I wrap my arms around you neck and pull myself up slightly until I can feel the tip of your throbbing cock around the entrance to my pussy. I move my hips very slowly in a tiny figure of eight, letting my dripping wet hole cover your swollen head covering it in my cum. I look down into your eyes and enjoy the pure lust in your eyes and your trying to anticipate when I will thrust you deep into me. 

I move onto you but only a little so that you are inside me but only ever so slightly. I stop moving moving my hips and hold my body very still before quickly pushing down onto you completely so that are inside me fully. I start to deliberately contract my pussy walls illicting small deep groans of pleasure from you. Then I slowly rock back and forth on you, getting hot as I feel you cock rub against my g spot. I'm trying to stay in control and make this last as long as possible but as we fall into a natural rhythm I can't do it. Each thrust and grind of our hips is bringing me closer and I thrown my head back and start to moan and scream. I find myself calling out your name and telling you that your going to make me cum. The deliberate clenches of my pussy are now being replaced by involuntary spasms. I'm grabbing your hair and pushing myself as hard and as fast and as deep on to you as I possibly can. I feel you hands grab my ass and pull me closer, grinding against you and I can see how close you are to cumming. I can't hold back any longer and I start to have the biggest orgasm, making me scream and shake. The sensation is quickly followed by the feeling of you cumming inside me. You push your hips up filling me up as much as you can, shouting out and panting. We both slow down the pace until we stop and I feel you slipping out of me. 

I lean forward and rest my head on your shoulder, not able speak or move.