 I want you in a really strong way. I want you to lean over, grab my leg, and pull me onto your lap when I am next to you on the couch. Show me how much you want me, too. When I am straddling your lap on the couch, put your hands in my hair and pull my face to yours and kiss me, hard. Or use my hair to pull my head back so you can bite my neck. I like how my flesh feels between your teeth. 

Carry me to the bedroom, then have me undress you. I love it when you slowly peel off my clothes and wrap your arms around me... but first let me remove your pants and take you into my mouth. Once you have let my lips and tongue tickle the sensitive skin around your cock for a while, tell me what you want. Tell me that you want to feel my mouth close around your shaft and the head of your cock pushing into my throat. Then reach down and push my head onto you until I struggle for a breath.

Use my body for your pleasure. I love the way your hard body feels against my soft skin when you push me down on the bed and slam your body into mine, that overwhelming rush of sensations when your cock spreads me open for the first time. The sound of your hurried breath is as if you want me so bad you can't control yourself. Your strong, tanned hands squeezing the soft, pale, porcelain skin that covers my breast makes my head spin with heat.

Talk to me while you fuck me. Tell me how beautiful I look when I am flushed with need of you, and how you enjoy giving me what I want so badly. Tell me how it feels to slide inside my hot, wet pussy and that it pleases you to know you caused the heat and wetness. Play with my clit until I stiffen with orgasm and squirt my juices over you, and tell me that you love it when I flood you with my come. 

Allow me to ride you so that you can play with my pierced nipples. Alternately pinch and rub them until you hear me moaning your name. Spread your legs wide while I pump my pussy on your dick so that I can reach behind us and massage your testicles. 

When I climb off of you and slide down your body, remind me how much you like tasting us on my tongue. I can't help but to spend extra time licking those balls when you groan your approval. Let me feel your cock grow thicker and harder inside my mouth as I clean your cock with my mouth. I turn my body so you can play with my ass while I suck you off, bringing you closer to orgasm but not quite there.

When I sit up, tell me to get on all fours. Lightly spank me while you watch my pussy twitch for you, look over my ass and at my long blonde hair spread across my back. Slide yourself deep inside my pussy while you get a handful of my hair and pull my body back harder onto you. Grab my ass and push me off of you and use my hair to pull me back onto your cock. Then, pull your cock out of me and slide it into my ass. 

Slowly at first, not to injure, fill my ass with your meat. Tell me how you like to see your dark skin spread that tiny hole open, how it's yours to take any time you please. Pull at my nipples while I press myself back to you. 

Start rocking yourself in and out of my ass, getting stronger and harder with each thrust. Slap my ass and listen to me moan for you to fuck me harder. Hold my hips and slam into me recklessly, as if nothing matters at the moment other than our pleasure. Tell me how tight my asshole feels, and how it squeezes you each time I come for you. 

Pinch my nipples hard as you work yourself to orgasm. Permit me to tell you how much I want to feel your hot come fill my ass, how you feel so thick that my ass may split in two. 

Listen to my rushed breathing and soft moans combined with screams of orgasm as you fill my body with yours, faster and harder before you explode into your release. 

Feel my come rush down our legs and drip from your balls from my continuous orgasms and delight in the knowledge that you, only you, can make me produce this. You are the key that unlocks my passion.