 “I want you to come over.”

I want you to walk straight into my bedroom, where I’ll be waiting for you, close the door behind you, and not say a word. 
I want you to kiss me. On my mouth, my neck, my earlobes. I want to feel your tongue dancing all over my skin.
I want you to reach straight under my shirt and touch my breasts.
I want to feel your cool hands all over my chest before you pinch my nipples which you’ve made so hard.
I want you to roll my erect nipples between your fingers, and then give one last pinch, just a little too hard.
I want you to grab my hair and force a strong and urgent kiss on my mouth, as you pull my body closer to yours and press your now very hard cock up against me.
I want you to grab my ass and grind your cock against me.
I want you to take my hand and place it on top of the obvious bulge in your pants.
I want to see the look on your face that shows me how turned on you are.
I want you to unbutton your pants and let them fall to your ankles.
I want you to lean back on the bed as you take hold of my head in your hands and guide my mouth to your hard, waiting dick.
I want you to tell me how good it feels as I lathe my tongue over the purple head of your cock.
I want you to let out a deep groan of relief as I take you  into my mouth, gently sucking as I do.
I want you to grab hold of my hair and push your cock deeper into my mouth.
I want you to tell me that I’m unreal as you  thrust your cock in and out of my mouth.
I want you to tell me that I’m such a slut for you cock, and that I suck it the best.
I want you to tell me that you I always make you come so fast and that you don’t want to come yet.
I want you to pull me up onto the bed and quickly remove all of my clothes.
I want you to feel how wet you make me as you slip one finger deep inside of me.
I want you to hear the soft moans that I can’t keep inside as you rub my clit with your palm while inserting another finger inside of me.
I want you to tell me how wet my pussy is, and what a horny little slut I am for you.
I want you to finger fuck me faster now, make me moan and shudder.
I want you tell me how much you want to fuck me.
I want you to tell me that you’re going to fuck me hard because I’m a very dirty girl and I need to be fucked.
I want you to put on a condom without being asked, spread my legs open wider and place your cock just near my pussy.
I want you to tease me with your dick, rubbing my clit with the head.
I want to you to feel how wet I am as your cock glides over my lips, but does not enter me.
I want to thrust my hips toward you, trying to force you inside of me, but have you move away too quickly.
I want you to make me beg for it.
I want to tell you to fuck me until I’m almost delirious with desire.
I want you to finally plunge your cock, with one motion, so deep inside of me that I’m left speechless for a moment.
I want you to give it to me, your cock, all of it.
I want you to fuck me so hard.
I want you to push my arms back and grab my hands, and hold them down over my head.
I want to hear you breathing hard and grunting as you pump your cock in and out of my tight pussy.
I want you to pull my legs up and place my ankles on your shoulders and give it to me fast and hard.
I want you to fuck me like I’ve never been fucked before, or at least like you fucked me last week.
I want you to stop when you get close to coming, we’re not done yet.
I want you to roll over and tell me to get on top of you.
I want to straddle you and slide your cock, covered in my own wetness, inside my cunt.
I want to look down at your face as you stare, mesmerized, at my breasts.
I want you to reach for my breasts and kneed them as I start riding your cock rhythmically.
I want you to tell me to come.
I want you to tell me to fuck your cock, to use you, to come all over you.
I want you to call me a dirty little slut as I start to rub my clit with my fingers while I ride your hard cock.
I want you to grab my thighs as I lean backwards on top of you, angling your cock to stimulate a special place inside of me.
I want you to watch intently as I rub my clitoris faster and harder, getting closer to orgasm.
I want to tell you that I’m going to come.
I want you to yell for me to come, to fuck you harder, to fucking come you slut.
I want to soak you with my juices as I ride your cock to my own fulfillment, coming hard on top of you.
I want you to give me a moment to recover from my orgasm, sweaty and crumpled, lying on top of you.
I want you to turn me over and pull at my hips until I am on my knees with my ass in the air.
I want you to fuck me from behind, and I want you to do it now.
I want you to fuck me mercilessly as you smack my ass and ask me if I want you to come.
I want to tell you to come, to fuck me until you come.
I want you to pull out when you are ready, rip off the condom you’re wearing, and shoot your hot cum all over my ass, before you shove me over and finish by cumming all over my tits.
I want you to collapse next to me on the bed, satiated and spent.
I want to rub your hot cum all over my tits.

“I’ll be right there.”