 Author's Note: This is a story about a loving couple, husband and wife, who get very lost in their relationship -- neither knowing that the other has strayed. One of my recent anonymous critics said I'm writing "just porn, not Loving Wives". Another reader, Fishgetter, agreed, indicating 'Loving Wives' is only appropriate if the husband is aware the wife is getting it on with other men. Thank you, both, for clearing up my blatant misuse of the categories. I'm still rather new at this writing stuff. I've gotten some heat for changing categories in the past, but beg your tolerance through one last transition: future chapters will be filed in Erotic Couplings.

It's clear from the comments, quite a few of you are frustrated, even angry at Madeline's fall from grace. Some are desperately hoping Scott will walk in on her (and at least one of you has expressed hope that this will result in Scott going into a murderous rampage). I'm sorry to disappoint you, and that this story didn't go where you hoped it would. 

My thanks to those of you who sent me email, especially those of you pestering me for the next installment. I try to respond to every one of you -- your encouragement means a lot to me! And my thanks also to those of you who take the time to comment on my stories -- even the haters. Getting a reaction from readers, any reaction, is fuel and keeps me writing. I appreciate you all!!

There are a few more chapters to come. Things are going to get darker. If a cheating wife story angers you, please stop now! Life is short. Find the good stuff that interests you and read that!! 

-Yes

*****

Earlier that morning, as Scott was getting into his car, he noticed a small gift box resting on his car seat. It has a red ribbon tied around it. Scott had a good idea on who the box was from, but decided to not open it until he got to the office. 

As he drove past Shelly's house, he couldn't help but look up toward the second floor windows. She'd be sleeping now, after a rollicking night of dancing, drinking and girl talk. He had been tempted to pull in to her driveway, sneak up to her bedroom, and wake her -- just as he'd done the prior two mornings. Today would be his last chance to do so for a while because Shelly's husband, Bill, was returning from his business trip this afternoon.

He didn't, because for the first time since this crazy affair with his wife's best friend started, Scott was starting to experience some regret, guilt, even a bit of self-loathing. 

He was a husband. More importantly, he was a dad. This thing with Shelly was a trainwreck waiting to happen. The sex with the gorgeous blonde bombshell had been amazing, no doubt about it. She brought out an intensity in him that Madeline never could. It wasn't just her stunning good looks. It wasn't just her ravenous sexual appetite. He didn't know exactly what it was, but something about her kept him wanting for more. She was ... intoxicating.

So why the change of heart? Why this desire to suddenly end the affair with Shelly? That, too, Scott was uncertain about.

Last night, before leaving for the night club, his wife had come down the stairs in a dazzling new outfit. It was a ruffled, white mini-skirt, with a matching tube top. The top was extremely revealing, showing not only a generous expanse of her midriff, but also the curve of her breasts, both above and below the elastic band of fabric. 

He had very nearly told her to go back and change into something less revealing. He stopped himself because he knew Girls' Night Out was her one escape. For the rest of the week, she was cooped up in this house, playing maid to two extremely messy boys (he and Thomas), cooking for them, shopping for them, cleaning for them, and ferrying Thomas about to all his many activities.

Furthermore, Madeline never put up a stink when he expressed an interest to go out with the guys -- so why should he begrudge her this one night out with her best friend?

His wife was loving and devoted, a mother to their son. He knew she would do nothing indecent. He trusted her implicitly and completely. 

And yet he, Scott, had betrayed her. He had fucked her best friend, who herself was married -- putting not one, but two marriages at risk. And not just once: all day Saturday, a good chunk of Sunday afternoon, even sneaking into her bed the past few week days, before his morning commute to the office. What a complete ass he was.

When he awoke this morning, Madeline was curled up next to him. She looked so beautiful, so angelic in that moment. Guilt washed over him. How long had it been since the two of them had made love? Scott wasn't exactly sure -- a week, maybe longer. He hadn't been very attentive to her. He had been so consumed with Shelly, he simply didn't have any appetite left for Madeline.

Scott had kissed her forehead. His hands had roamed across her naked body. He had hoped to awaken her, but she didn't budge. She was exhausted, dead to the world. Poor thing.

Scott showered, got dress and continued his brooding all the way in to the office. He was the first to arrive that morning, having intentionally come in early. He felt like he had been shirking his work responsibilities, because he'd come in to work late the past two mornings. Again, thanks to those "morning quickies" at Shelly's house. He had come to learn things were never quick with Shelly Adams. That discovery had him rolling in to the office parking lot after 10:00am, both yesterday and the day prior. 

All these thoughts swirled through his head as he stared at the small black gift box on his otherwise empty desk. He shook his head, telling himself he should just ignore it -- perhaps even return it to Shelly unopened. Alas, he couldn't. The box might not even be from her. Perhaps Madeline had left it on the car seat for him to find.

Scott untied the red silk ribbon, then lifted the cover from the box. Immediately, Shelly was in the room with him. He could smell her presence so plainly, he actual looked up, expecting to see her in the open doorway. His office remained empty.

Scott lifted a folded slip of paper from the box. It covered the contents: a small electronic device with a single red button on it. 

Scott lifted the paper to his nose. It was scented with Shelly's perfume. He inhaled her, eyes closed, memories of their passionate interludes cascading through his memory in a series of freeze frame photo stills.

Scott opened the perfumed note.

========================================

Hubby's plane doesn't land until 4:00pm. Take a 

half day off from work and come play with me! I'll

make it worth your while. Anytime after 11:30am.

This is the garage door opener. Park your car in

Bob's spot. Then, once you have me naked in bed

you can park yourself in Bob's other spot. 

Love,

Shelly

P.S.-If you don't come over, I will be extremely

disappointed.

========================================

"Shit," Scott said, putting the note back in the box, and then putting the box in his top right drawer.

He tried to be productive for the rest of the morning, and for the most part was successful. His email and inbox were cleared before the other employees started filing in. His secretary was surprised to see him in so early. When he explained he was making up time for the last two late mornings, she nodded in understanding.

"Will you be staying late tonight, sir?" Alice asked. 

Something in her tone caught Scott's attention, and he looked up at her. He felt like he was truly looking at her for the first time, noticing things that had perhaps been apparent all along, but that he had suppressed. 

Alice Cavanaugh, his administrative assistant for the past year and a half, was quite attractive. She was dark-haired, her hair curled in large waves, held in place with hair spray. She wore appropriate office attire: a black pencil skirt, tight and curve fitting, along with a long-sleeved, collared white shirt. The top three buttons of her shirt were undone, which, while not scandalous, was perhaps one button too many. She was looking at him through her cat-eyed glasses, chewing on the tip of her pen.

No, not looking at him -- looking through him. It was as if, Scott realized, she was trying to peer through his shirt. Scott coughed.

Alice blinked, quickly stopped chewing on her pen, and collected herself. "I mean, that is to say, if you need me to stay late, as well, I could."

Scott chuckled, reminding himself that his secretary was twelve years younger than he was. Aside from that, the last thing he needed was yet another affair. Not when he was expecting to end his first one today. This morning.

"No, that's all right, Alice. I appreciate it. Only a half-day for me today anyway. After the boss's meeting, I'll be heading out for the rest of the day. Do you have the inventory analysis from April completed yet?"

"Yes, sir. Finished last night. Top right drawer."

Scott opened the drawer, noticed the manilla folder. The black box he had just placed in the drawer sat atop it. 

"Thank you," he said, sliding the drawer shut. "Can you hold my calls for the day? I need to get a few more things wrapped up before Jack's meeting."

Jack was the CEO, and a close friend of Scott's since college days. They had founded the company together, survived and then thrived the early start-up years, and gearing up to launch -- what analysts were projecting -- would be a very successful IPO. The company and been growing with double-digit revenue for the last three years. Business was good.

Scott completed a couple vendor calls, negotiated new price points on the panel mounting racks, which the company was now ordering in substantially higher volume, and participated on a few sales calls with Dan, their domestic sales VP. Dan was an excellent salesman, pulling Scott into some of the more challenging and larger deals -- letting Scott talk technical, when needed. Together, they closed 3 more deals, and were going into the summer months with an impressively strong Q2 sales pipeline.

After the calls, Scott and Dan then joined Charlie and Michael, his peers who managed Support and Engineering teams at the company, in Jack's office. It was time for Jack's weekly staff meeting.

"Shoot," Scott said, "Jack, can I borrow your phone? I need Alice to bring me something."

Jack gestured welcomingly to his desk phone. Scott punched Alice's extension.

"Yes, Mr. Shepherd?" Alice's voice was breathy, but professional.

"Alice, it's Scott. I forgot the April Inventory analysis report in my office. Could you please bring it down to Jack's office?"

"Yes, sir. I'll bring it down right away." 

Scott hung up. When he turned around to take his seat at the large round table in Jack's office, Charlie, Mike and Dan were grinning broadly at him. Jack sat opposite him, arms spread wide. His face was furled in a playful "What the hell?" expression.

"Scott, does she have to call me 'Mr. Shepherd'? That's my father's name. Your girl makes me feel old."

The other men around the table laughed, shuffling their papers and opening notebooks to prepare for the discussion.

"She's young," Scott explained. "To her, you and I, all of us, really ARE old."

Alice rushed into the room, and Scott noticed an embarrassed look on her face. He thought perhaps she'd overheard parts of their conversation through the open doorway. He mentally rewound the conversation and decided it had been pretty innocent, even if she had. It certainly could have been worse -- these four were a Human Resources nightmare. Scott was constantly reminding them that they were in a #MeToo movement, and had to watch their crude "cooler talk" around the employees.

"Here you are, sir," Alice said, coming to stand next to him. Opening the manilla folder, she put a hand on his shoulder, seemingly to steady herself as she leaned forward over the report. 

"This is the new section you requested," she pointed new colored sections of summary text. "Leading indicators and differentiators to the baseline metrics here, trending analysis here."

As she had opened the folder, Scott got a whiff of Shelly's perfume. It was faint, but clearly present. He kicked himself mentally. The gift box from Shelly had been on top of this folder in his desk drawer. Alice would have had to move the box to get the folder. Had she opened it, perhaps wondering what it contained? Had she read the perfumed note inside? Is that why her face was crimson when she came in the office? He pushed the thoughts from his mind, there was nothing he could do about that now. Best that he instead focus on the present meeting.

"Thank you, Alice.".

"Of course, Mr. Brown. Please call me if you need anything else. Anything at all."

As Alice Cavanaugh walked out of the office, Scott noticed Dan's eyes were glued to her ass the entire way. Once she was out of earshot, Charlie and Mike broke out in soft laughter.

"Your assistant is quite remarkable," Jack chided him gently.

"Guys, don't make me bring Marcia down here and scold you guys on sexual harassment in the workplace again," Scott warned, but also smiled.

"Buddy, you didn't see what we saw when that young lady leaned over this table to show you the report," Mike agreed, elbowing Jack.

"What? What did you guys see?" Dan asked, clearly disappointed that he had missed something good.

"Alright, let's bring it together," Jack said finally. "Dave first. How is the second quarter shaping up?"

*****

The meeting wrapped up quickly. Everyone's updates indicated business was on track or trending ahead of schedule. The quarter was looking fantastic. So good, in fact, that Jack announced he would be holding a summer outing at his lake house for the entire company, families welcome. It would be a large, catered event, a 'thank you' to the staff for all their hard work these past few months.

Jack had a huge lakeside stretch of property. Scott, Madeline and Thomas had visited several times. Scott agreed it was a great idea, and that the staff would love it.

After the meeting adjourned, Scott went back to his office. He opened the top drawer of his desk. The black box was still there. From it's position, a little further back then he remembered placing it, he conceded it was possible Alice simply grabbed the manilla folder and slid it from under the box. Or she could have grabbed the box, taken the folder, then returned the box to this spot without opening it.

How much time had gone by between when he asked her to bring the folder, and when she strolled into Jack's office? Only seconds, he thought. Surely not enough time to open the box, read the note, then repackage it before grabbing the folder. Was it?

Jack lifted the cover off the small box. The note lay atop, seemingly undisturbed. But truly, it was impossible to tell. Jack sighed. The sooner he ended this affair with Shelly, the better. He pocketed the garage opener remote and the note, but left the box behind in his desk.

On the way out, Jack stopped at Alice's desk. He handed the manilla folder to her, looking for a facial reaction of any sort.

"I like those changes you made to the summary section. Really nice work, Alice."

"Thank you, sir," she said, taking the folder from him and returning it to her filing drawer. She was completely at ease, giving him no indication that she'd seen the note at all. 

As she leaned forward to file the folder, however, Scott got a peek of what Mike had been gawking about earlier: he could see down the top of Alice's shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra.

"Jack's a little miffed that you call him, Mr. Shepherd."

"Oh, dear. I thought I was being respectful. I don't want Mr. Shepherd to be upset with me. Should I instead call him by his first name, sir?"

Scott thought about it for a moment, then shook his head.

"Naw, I think it's good that he be reminded he's getting along in years. You keep at it."

Alice frowned.

"Mr. Brown, I don't call you by your surnames because I want to remind either of you of your age. Quite to the contrary, I find you to be very young and hand-- that is, I mean, very capable leaders. I'm very appreciative to be working for you both. Very, very appreciative."

This last sentence was spoken with a hint of sexual undertones. Jack looked upon his assistant with the same eyes he had earlier. Alice was pretty. Large brown eyes, creamy white skin, ruby red lips -- her hair, makeup and attire reminded him of a pinup model from a bygone era. 

"Alice, you are the most capable and efficient assistant I've ever had. You keep calling the two of us however you please."

"Thank you, sir," she said, smiling brightly. "I'll see you tomorrow, sir."

*****

Scott stopped by Jack's office to let him know he was heading out to an appointment, and would work the rest of the afternoon from home. Jack, of course, didn't mind.

"Give my love to that pretty wife of yours, Scott," Jack told him.

"I will. See you tomorrow, Mr. Shepherd."

"Good day, Mr. Brown."

Both men laughed good naturedly.

*****

As he got in his car, Scott reflected on what Jack had just said, "Give my love to that pretty wife." In that moment, Jack decided that was exactly what he was going to do. He was going to stop by Shelly's, yes, but only long enough to tell her that he was calling it quits. He hoped she and Madeline would remain close friends, and that Shelly would keep their tryst in confidence. He would return the garage door opener, and then go home to make love to his wife. All afternoon, or at least until Thomas got home from school. Then, perhaps he'd take the two of them out for an ice cream treat.

Tonight, steaks on the grill, and some family fun in the pool before bedtime. And if he could persuade his wife, an early bedtime for both of them -- so that they could quietly continue their lovemaking from where they had left off in the afternoon.

*****

When Scott pulled into Shelly's driveway, he thought about leaving his car out in the open. After all, he wasn't planning on staying long. At the last second, he changed his mind, clicking the garage door opener, and pulling into Bob's parking spot. 

'Better safe than sorry,' he told himself. 'Just in case neighbors drive or walk by. No need for rumors to start just as I'm bringing everything to an end.'

It's a good thing Scott had been so distracted, fumbling with the device and then pulling his car into the garage. If he'd had the presence of mind to look further down the street, he might have noticed a strange black Jeep parked in front of his house, just three houses down. And if he'd driven down there, just to check on who might be visiting at that hour, he would have walked in on a most unexpected sight: his wife, sandwiched between two men, crying with delirious pleasure, as they both fucked her in two holes.

As the garage door closed, Scott's wife was experiencing the first of many blissful orgasms she would have that afternoon. And her husband was the furthest thing from her mind.

*****

There was a note waiting for Scott on the kitchen table.

"I'm upstairs in the converted office, second door on the left."

Well, at least she wasn't waiting upstairs in the bedroom, Scott thought. He slipped his shoes off at the door and headed up the stairs. Hey, perhaps she had come to the same thoughts he had. Maybe she had picked the office as the most neutral room in the house, and was planning to tell him they needed to end the relationship.

Scott padded down the hall to Shelly's office. The door was slightly ajar. He knew Shelly was expecting him, so he just opened it the rest of the way.

Scott's jaw dropped.

The room was decorated in a mixed Oriental theme, with ornate Chinese wall hangings, soft glowing lanterns, Buddha statues, and even a large sand garden box near the entryway. The white sand hand been groomed by a small hand rake. Three smooth stones were balanced in the sandbox, one atop the other.
