 It has been a week and a half since Michael and I told, or shall I say shown, each other our true feelings towards one another. I didn't intend for things to turn out the way they did. One moment I'm asking him if I had done something wrong and then the next we're tearing at each other's clothing. I'm not complaining though. It just seems so surreal. As if it was just a dream. 

Things at school have been different since then. For one, we don't talk anymore in class. He's so scared that we're going to get caught that he says even talking is a risk. I personally think he's paranoid, but I understand where he's coming from. Thankfully, this isn't going to go on forever. Just a month and a half of school left and then we're free to do whatever we want to do. He does send private winks and smiles my way when no one is looking though, which reassures me that he's still interested.

It's kind of nice knowing that there's a secret and only the two of us are in on it. Am I crazy to be turned on by this? When I notice his eyes trailing up and down my legs mid lecture, a shiver flows through my body. Man, I want him so bad. I need to have him again and soon. The anticipation for our next encounter is driving me crazy. I can only live off the memories of the touch of his body, his hands, his cock for so long. My skin still tingles at the slightest thought of his touch. God, he was everything I thought he would be and more. It hasn't happened again though, much to my disappointment. We have sexted though, which is nice. He has such a way with words. They create fantastic visuals in my head that get me so hot. But it's not enough to keep me at bay. Getting off on words may be nice for a while but I need his touch. I ache for it.

I've asked him when we'll be alone again every day, via text, since Monday. It's Friday and we still have yet to spend some time together. We also have yet to talk about what this is either. But I can save that conversation for another time. Because right now, all I want is him. I want us to get lost in each other again. For our lips to quickly find their way to each other like magnets. I want to feel his long fingers manipulate me in such a way that drives me insane. I want his warm soft tongue to caress my clit until I cum. Feel his long hard cock drive into my pussy. My pussy is getting wet just thinking about it as I space out in Algebra 2. Next period, I know I'm going to be at war with my body. Because next period is his class.

How am I going to get him to agree to see me, alone? I pondered this question as I exchanged my algebra book for my history book at my locker. Then it was as if lightning struck me, an idea popped into my head. I smirked as I shut my locker and headed towards the girls restroom. Once I was in there, I took a look around me. Empty. I quickly shimmied out of my black boy shorts and shoved them into my book bag. 

I let him begin his lecture without a hitch. He stood up in the front of the room with his laser pointer and projector remote. The classroom was dimmed but everything was still clearly visible. And I knew he was going to easily see what I was about to show. He continued through the slides, pointing at important facts with his laser pointer. He gave everybody a minute to finish their notes each time he finished a slide. His eyes came towards my end of the class. To everyone, it looked as if he was making sure we were writing our notes. But I know the truth, that look was meant for me. His eyes trailed down to my legs. I smirked and spread them open. I nonchalantly hiked up my skirt. My eyes dropped down to my notes and I jotted a few of the factoids down. When I looked up, that's when I noticed his eyes right where I wanted them to be. His eyes zeroed in on my shaven pussy. I held back the urge to laugh as I noticed his eyes start to glaze over. By now, everybody was done writing their notes from the slide. Another student on the other side of the class coughed and that seemed to knock him out of his trance. 

Mr. Watson cleared his throat. "Um, onto the next slide," he said as he pressed a button on the remote. 

As he read through the bullet points, I could tell that his concentration wasn't all there. He kept stuttering which never happened. Throughout the 2 years of having him as a history teacher, I don't recall him ever stuttering or trying to find the right words when he lectured. After 2 slides, he just stopped reading through them altogether but continued to sneak glances at my exposed flesh. I knew I had him right where I wanted him. 

Once he finished clicking through the power point presentation, he turned on the lights and told the class to answer the questions at the end of the chapter. I sighed as I closed my legs and opened up my history book to the right chapter. My game was over just when I started to have some fun with it.

Seconds later my phone began to vibrate in my jacket pocket. Who could that be? I thought as I quickly fished it out. I held my phone under the desk as I opened up my text inbox. I immediately smiled as I saw who it was from, Michael. 

"You're so fucking hot." The message read. I smiled as I ran a hand through my hair and looked around the room. Sneaking a glance at him. We locked eyes and he smiled. I quickly looked away and looked back at my phone. 

"Lol well that came out of nowhere."

"Out of nowhere? Don't play coy. You know exactly what you did."

"I don't know what you mean." I texted back as I tried to hold back a snicker.

"You know, not wearing any panties. Showing me your bare pussy."

"Oh.. that.. Why were you looking?" 

"I didn't know that I was going to see you panty less. You have a nice pussy though. You got me alittle turned on right now."

"Oh, I do? That why you gave such a quick lecture?"

"Yes! I couldn't think straight with what was going through my head."

"Oooh like what?," I smirked as I pressed send.

"Do you want to make my hard on worse?"

"Haha no. Wouldn't want that ;p."

"What are you doing afterschool?"

"Oh you know... stuff."

"Well cancel it. You have plans.. with me."

"With you? Are you sure?"

"Hell yeah! Be in the parking lot after school and follow me with your car."

"Alright. See you after school then."

":)"

I nonchalantly flipped my hair and glanced back at him. He was sitting there with his Iphone 4 in his hands smiling. It was nice knowing that I had this sort of effect on him. And no one even had a clue about it. It felt dangerous yet the adrenaline was too good to want to stop this. I smiled to myself as I slipped my phone back into my pocket and got started on the chapter questions that he assigned to the class. I didn't bother to finish it though. I already knew that it was a bullshit assignment that he told everyone to do so that he could get out of standing in front of the class like that. I chuckled to myself at the thought of this as I answered a few of the questions. After the bell rang, I walked out of class and back to the girl's restroom so that I could slip my panties back on. 

I couldn't keep my mind from wandering in 7th period. I was anxious for what would ensue after school. Hell, even my body was excited for the plans I had once the last bell rang. I tapped my foot furiously on the floor as I listened to my teacher drone on about something that may have had some importance but couldn't keep my mind from straying to thoughts of Michael. It felt like the longest 40 minutes of my life. 

Finally, the last bell rang. I gathered my things and headed out towards my locker. Fortunately, I wasn't assigned any homework for the weekend. I really didn't feel like lugging any books out to my car. I passed by Mr. Watson's classroom on my way out of the West Wing building. I couldn't help but take a quick look inside. I frowned when I didn't see him. I shrugged to myself as I walked out into the quad. Not seeing him in there didn't matter too much to me. I knew that soon enough I would. 

When I reached the parking lot, I noticed a few of my friends hanging out by their cars. I smiled to them as I threw my book bag into the backseat of my car then leaned against the hood. I knew that it was safe to be out here and not hide in my car just yet. People were around and Michael wouldn't be heading out to his car anytime soon. 

One by one my friends waved goodbye and left the parking lot. Soon enough, I was the only person left in the parking lot. I glanced at my watch, it had been 20 minutes since school ended. I sighed as I got in my car. 15 minutes pass and still no Michael. Maybe he changed his mind. I don't blame him. Maybe he thought that I was too much of a ri... I thought before I finally saw him step out into the parking lot. I sighed of relief as I watched him look around and spot my car. He quickly put his stuff in the passenger seat of his car and got in. I waited a moment to start my car after him. Then I proceeded out of the parking lot and onto the streets behind him. I followed him onto the freeway and then to the exit 10 minutes later. He led me down a few streets and then to a gated white condominium complex. We both parked, away from each other of course. 

I stuck a piece of Winter Fresh gum in my mouth before getting out of the car and walking over to him. He greeted me with a warm smile and led me down the pathway to his condo. 

"Home sweet home," he smiled as he unlocked the door and turned on the light. 

I poked my head in first and took a look around before stepping inside. Simple furniture. Big LCD television mounted to the wall with an Xbox 360 hooked up to it. Typical things for a bachelor pad. 

"Nice digs. And it's clean," I smiled looking back at Michael as he shut the door behind us. 

"Thanks," he smiled in reply. "Want anything to drink?"

"No thanks," I shook my head as I walked further into his living room. I leaned my buttocks against the arm of the couch as I watched him grab a Gatorade from the refrigerator. He smiled at me before taking a long drink of the Gatorade. 

"I'm not keeping you from anything important, right?" he asked as he screwed the top back on the bottle.

"You're not. I'm as free of the bird."

"No homework?"

"Nope," I smiled with a nod.

"Good," he smirked as he placed the bottle on the counter then walked towards me. 

His hands found their place on my hips as he pressed his body against mine. I looked up at him expectantly. Finally, he lowered his head towards me and pressed his lips against mine. This kiss wasn't innocent, unlike how our first kiss was. This kiss was full of passion and want. I wanted to devour his perfectly shaped lips; lips that I ached to kiss every day. He pulled me close to him as our kiss continued to intensify. Our tongues swirled against each other's, our lips moving to a rhythm. 

"Are you still wearing no panties?" he asked between kisses. "No, don't answer that. I'll find out for myself." I gasped when I felt his hand under my skirt, cupping my covered pussy. He sighed in disappointment, "I was hoping that you weren't wearing any. Oh well. I can take care of that, I guess," he smiled devilishly. 

I didn't even know what to say to this. I don't know why it surprised me so much, but what I did know was that it turned me on. A lot. 

"Mmm these are some sexy panties you got on though," he mumbled into the nape of my neck as his fingertips traced along the lace. His fingertips dipped underneath the fabric and traced along my ass. 

"So are you going to give me a tour of your apartment?" I asked as I fiddled with the collar of his button up shirt. 

"How rude of me. Of course I'll give you a tour," he nodded before grabbing my ass with a smile.

"As you can see, this is the living room and kitchen area," his eyes panned the room before parting from me. He grabbed my hand and led me down the hallway. "This is the bathroom," he said pointing to the door on the left. "And this, this is my bedroom," he smiled as he opened the door and flicked on the lights.

Just like the living room, it didn't have much furniture. Music posters lined the walls, a book case filled with history books stood in one corner, and a small shelf overflowing with c.ds stood next to it. There also was a mirrored closet which faced the left side of the bed. Then my eyes closed in on the focal point of the room, the bed. A bed, in which, that looked very soft and inviting. 

"And this concludes our tour," he said as he led me inside the bedroom.

"Nice posters," I nodded still looking around the bedroom. "Bob Marley?" I asked as I looked at one and then glanced over at him.

"Yeah."

"I didn't know you were a reggae fan."

"Yeah, it's good music," he nodded. "Enough about the room though," he smirked as he pulled me toward him. "Let's get back to us."

"I like the sound of that," I smiled before edging my lips towards his. 

In just moments, our lips were in a fury. Our hands roamed all over each other's bodies. Tugging at each other's clothing. We quickly unbuttoned each other's shirts and threw them onto the floor; our lips never parting as we did this. His hands were on my ass pulling me into him. He then started to kiss along my neck and shoulders. I shivered as his tongue traced from my shoulder to my clavicle. Then he began to place sucking kisses on my neck.

"Mmm I need to have you," he whispered huskily before lightly biting my neck.

I gasped and moaned as he continued to nibble at the nape of my neck. As he kissed my neck, I unzipped my skirt and dropped it to the floor. Then I began to undo his gray slacks. After he had stepped out of them, his lips kissed me once again and we headed toward the bed. We continued to kiss as he slowly laid me down on the bed. He spread my legs and lain in between them. I could feel his hard cock through his boxers. He started to kiss my neck again. As he did this, he began to hump himself against me. Rubbing his cock against my pussy. God, I felt myself get wetter as we humped against each other. 

A moment later, he then got on his back and pulled off his boxers. I got onto my knees and brought my head down towards his cock. I held it with one hand and lowered my mouth onto it. He gasped as I took him in my mouth. My hand rubbed his shaft as I bobbed my head up and down on his cock. Each time I bobbed my head, I would take more of him in my mouth. 

"Turn around. I want to lick that pussy," he growled.

I got in the 69 position and lowered my hips towards his face. I could already feel his warm breath on my pussy. 

"Mm you smell so good," he said before pressing his tongue against my clit.

I continued to suck his cock to the best of my ability. But I would lose my concentration in the midst of the pleasure he was giving me. He lashed his tongue at my clit quickly. His fingers separated my lips which gave him more access to my button. I placed my forearms on his thighs to hold me up as I sucked his cock ravenously.

"Mmm," I moaned making my mouth vibrate on his cock. I could feel his body slightly tremble under me. 

He continued his work on my pussy. Licking from top to bottom. Then he stiffened his tongue and began to probe my hole with it. His fingers felt around for my clit and rubbed it furiously as he tongue fucked me. I was in heaven. 

As he ate my pussy, I was sucking him off at a steady pace. His cock in my fist and my lips wrapped around the tip of his gorgeous cock. My tongue swirled circles as I worked my mouth up and down on him. I lifted up slightly and started to flick my tongue at the area just under the head. A grin grew on my face as I noticed his leg shake.

I continued gently flicking it until finally he said, "I can't take it anymore. I need to fuck you. And I need to do it now."

I giggled a little bit before I turned myself around and hovered my beckoning crevice over his engorged member. I took hold of him and rubbed it lightly against my slit, lubricating it with my juices. Then, I slowly began to lower myself on him. I thrust myself up and down on him a few times before I was able to get his full length inside. Once he was completely enveloped by my pussy, I moved my hips around in a circle. He brought his hands to my hips and held them tight as I began to bounce on his lap. His eyes glued to his cock fucking my hole. Watching as my hips lifted up exposing his flesh and then drop down making him disappear within my depths. I threw my head back in pleasure as my movements picked up the pace. I would quickly bounce up and slam down. My ass slapped against his thighs each time I fully engulfed him in my pussy. I opened my eyes and looked at his face. His eyebrows furrowed and his teeth gritted in pleasure. I leaned forward placing my hands on each side of his shoulders. My breasts bounced enticingly close to his face. He brought his head up and latched his hot mouth onto one of my nipples. I moaned in pleasure as he did this while I continued to leisurely grind my hips against him. Then his grip on my hips tightened. I held my hips up as he began to thrust himself within me. Fast and hard. Each thrust he made would elicit more moans from me. This was an amazing feeling to be fucked like this. His fat cock massaged my g-spot as my clit rubbed against the base of his cock. 

"Yeahhh. Fuck this pussy," I moaned softly into his ear. 

With each thrust he made I could feel myself get closer to my orgasm. He pulled me down on him as he thrust. Driving his cock deep within me. His thrusts were quickening and I could feel myself about to be there.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum if you keep doing that," I whispered.

Then, in one swift movement, he rolled us over so that I was on my back. His cock was still impaling my pussy as he did this. I liked the closeness that I was between us. It was different from our rushed fuck in the classroom a few weeks ago. Our chest pressed against each other's as his rod started to slowly fuck me, prolonging me from my orgasm. He then took hold of my hands and held them above my head. We held hands as he slowly slid his dick out, to where the tip of his cock was barely penetrating me and then he quickly thrust it back in deep. He looked me in the eyes as he slow fucked me and then crashed his lips down against mine. I moaned lightly against his lips as we slowly ground our hips together. He continued on teasing my pussy by slowly pulling himself out and lingering the tip on the entrance of my aching pussy. This was just too much. I wanted him to delve into me faster and with abandon. I made a pouting noise against his mouth as we continued to kiss. 

He pulled away from our kiss and asked, "What is it that you want me to do?"

"I want you to fuck me."

"I am fucking you," he said as he thrust himself deep when he said fucking.

"I want you to fuck me faster," I replied.

"Yeah? Like this?" he asked as he pulled out and thrust himself back in quickly and hard. He continued to thrust himself into me back and forth. Feeding my need to be thoroughly fucked. 

"Yes, yes. Fuck yes," I moaned as I placed my legs on his torso. Which pushed in sync with his thrusts.

The closeness of the fuck had our chest suctioning against each other's. He let go of my hands and they instantly found their place on his back. Clawing at his back in pure ecstasy. I kissed his neck and shoulders. I could feel the warmth start to spread through me. I closed my eyes tight as he continued to fuck me faster and harder just as I ordered. My legs didn't allow him to slow down. They continued to help push him into me. I ground my hips in sync with his. Providing more pressure for the base of his cock to rub my clit in just the right way. Within moments, shivers ran through my body as my orgasm began to take over. My body shook as wave after wave crashed upon me. This orgasm felt like a drug. I had no control of my thoughts and my body. The fact that my orgasm hit didn't stop him from fucking me senseless. He continued to drive into me as I rode this wave of pleasure. 
