 Author's Note: Everything in this story is completely fictional, including the names. BTW this is the first erotic story I've ever written, so please tell me what you think. 

*

Any normal girl would go gaga for Mr. Watson, my high school's resident "hottie" teacher. Everything about him is perfect. His 6'2 athletic physique, soft brown hair, and eyes that are as blue as the ocean. He also looked especially handsome with his usual 5 o'clock shadow. 

Ever since I first laid eyes on him my sophmore year, I wanted him. And it wasn't just the thrill of fucking a teacher that made me want him. Although, getting frisky with a man who was 10 years older than me was such a turn on. But it was so much more. He has an amazing personality. Mr. Watson is funny, charming, charismatic, and intelligent. Pile all that on top of being totally gorgeous, and you have perfection personified. 

Mr. Watson teaches junior American History and senior U.S Government. So when I became a junior I was pretty excited to finally have him as a teacher. And I only began to lust after him more when I became a senior. I hardly call it class since all I do is spend 40 minutes ogling my history teacher. It is kind of like a 40 minute real life Bod commercial that I get to watch everyday 5 days a week. And although he has his shirt on the whole time, it's still enough to get my blood pumping. 

I would sit in class watching him lecture but never really listen. Too busy fantasizing about him instead of actually paying attention. I'd watch his lips move and wish that they were moving against mine. And although he wore fitting clothes, I'd look at his body and wonder how it'd look without the bulk of clothing being in the way. Every time he'd put a hand on my shoulder, I would wish for it to linger. Aching for his touch. Yes, I was crushing on him that bad.

There were plenty of girls in class that would talk to him a lot. The popular girls never had a problem with talking to him or attempting to flirt with him for that matter. Whereas, I would blush if he even called on me to answer a question in class. That isn't to say that I never spoke to him. Although I was probably the color of Dorothy's sparkled shoes the whole time we talked for the first few months of my junior year. Eventually, I began to get more comfortable around him. Chatting with him freely whenever the opportunity came. 

When I finally turned 18 and we came back from winter break, I began to notice his eyes on me a lot more than usual. We would occasionally lock eyes with each other, if I wasn't feeling too nervous to do so. I used to wonder if he could read my eyes like I hoped he would. Sometimes a look can say more than a thousand words. And mine said "I want you."

I obviously couldn't come straight forward with my feelings towards Mr. Watson. Just in case I was reading too much into our exchanged glances. If anything was going to happen, I wanted it to be him to make the first move. So I would do things in class to spark his attention of the sexual nature. Such as hiking up my uniform skirt to expose most of my thigh or playfully sucking on a pen while he lectured. In these instances, all I would get was a coy smirk and if my eyes weren't deceiving me maybe a wink at times. Although this non-verbal flirtation went on for the whole trimester, nothing ever happened.

When we came back from spring break, everything changed. He couldn't even bring himself to look at me. Not even when I raised my hand to answer a question. I tried my usual tricks to catch his attention but it was to no avail. He even went as far as to not even look in my section of the classroom; which consisted of about 8 students. I had no clue what happened but I had to do something to get him to at least look at me. 

So today I walked into class with my phone intentionally taken off of silent mode. Mid-lecture my phone went off with a text alert. I could feel his eyes on me as I nonchalantly pulled the phone out of my jacket pocket and proceeded to read my text message. 

"Marie," I heard his voice chime.

"Yeah?" I replied as I looked up from my phone at him.

"You know the rules. No phones in class," he said as he walked through the aisle and stuck out his hand.

When I looked up at his strikingly gorgeous face, I fought the urge to smirk. But instead, I exaggeratedly sighed as I dropped the phone in his hand. 

"You can get this after school," he then said as he put the phone in his top desk drawer; unknowingly playing into my hands. 

I went through the rest of the school day rather robotic. I couldn't stop myself from thinking about what I wanted to say and do to Mr. Watson, if I ever got the chance. I had no idea how he would react to it but I waited anxiously for the time when I would find out.

I wandered around the campus for a bit after the final bell rang. I wanted to make sure I had him completely to myself. And that wasn't going to happen if there were students in there asking about test grades or homework. After about 30 minutes, the school was a graveyard. Except for the athletes, who were out in the field for practice, or the handful of students who always goofed off in the campus parking lot. With a deep breath, I walked into the hallway where his classroom was located and stepped into the doorway. He was standing by the bookshelf adding a few books to the collection. 

"Mr. Watson?" I squeaked. 

He turned his head towards my direction and my stomach started doing back flips.

"Oh, hey Marie," he said as he turned his body to completely face me. 

I proceeded into the classroom; which was free of students. Thank god. 

"Here to get your phone?" Mr. Watson asked.

"Well, um... not entirely. I mean, how do I say this? I do want to get my phone, but I actually wanted to talk to you about something," I mustered up the courage to say. 

"I don't know what you could possibly want to talk about. You have an A in this class," he replied. Oh but you do know!  I wanted to say but kept my composure. 

"It's not about my grade," I responded softly as I took a few steps towards him. 

Mr. Watson averted his gaze to everything but me as he cleared his throat. He acted as if he knew what I was going to say next. 

"I was wondering if there was something I did wrong. I," I started. 

Only for Mr. Watson to cut in and say "You didn't do anything wrong, Marie," he sighed as he stepped away from the bookcase and walked towards me. 

"It just seemed like it because um," I stuttered upon words. The big speech I practiced in my head came to no use anymore. "You act differently towards me now," I managed to come out with. 

Then he finally brought himself to look me in the eyes for the first time in 2 weeks. I stood there doe eyed; transfixed by his beautiful blue eyes. His eyes would make any woman go mad. I kept my eyes locked with his as I edged near him; getting closer to him than I ever have before. Being within close proximity to him for the first time, I then noticed how tall he was compared to me. I'm 5'ft and I barely reached his shoulders. I just wanted to stand on my tip toes and kiss those sweet lips of his. 

Instead of backing away, like I anticipated, he brought a hand up to my face and caressed my cheek. All I could do was close my eyes. His touch was electric to my skin. 

"I want you," I finally sighed as I placed a hand on his.

And with that, his lips came crashing down against mine; finally giving me the kiss that I had been longing for. It was indescribable. As we kissed, both of his hands made their way to my lower back, bringing me closer to him. With each moment that passed, our kiss intensified. I moaned into his mouth as he lightly bit my bottom lip every now and then. Our lips moved in sync with each others; it was as if his lips fit perfectly with mine like a puzzle piece. And although his facial stubble was rubbing my face raw, I felt as if I could kiss him forever. 

Then suddenly, he quickly pulled away. My head spun after he ripped me from my dream like state and back down to reality. "Sorry," he said in a panic as he backed away and walked over to his desk. He began to fidget and anxiously adjusted a stack of papers on his desk to straighten out his mind. 

"Don't be sorry."

He nervously ran a hand through his soft dark brown hair as he turned away from his desk. "But I'm your teacher. What happened was a mistake and can't happen again." A look of disappointment began to wash over my face and I could tell that he noticed it when he continued, "You're an amazing girl and you have no idea how bad I want you, but I'm your teacher. I just don't want either of us to do something we might regret and end up getting in trouble for it."

He was right. If we got caught, we could get into so much trouble. But that just makes it all the more exciting. Then, I knew that I had to have him. 

I smirked as I neared him, stopping just a few inches away from him. "I can keep a secret," I smiled a devilish grin. I could see him begin to open his mouth in protest but I brought my index finger to his lips and shushed him.

I pressed my body against his as our lips met once again. Kissing Mr. Watson is amazing. His scent, his touch, his taste sent me into euphoria. Everything about this felt so foreign to me. But then again, I was kissing a man not a boy. And this man was going to be mine.

As we passionately kissed, I could feel the bulge growing in his pants poke at my stomach. I smirked at this as I kissed his jaw line to his ear. I nibbled his earlobe a bit before whispering, "God, you looked so gorgeous in class today. Sometimes it takes everything in me not to touch myself right then and there at the sight of you, Mr. Watson." After these words flew from my lips, things began to take a change of pace.

I kept my lips on his as he picked me up and propped me up on the edge of his desk. He ran his fingers through my hair as he kissed my neck. I couldn't help but squirm a bit as he kissed and bit the nape of my neck sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. I used my legs to pull his lower body closer. Then he began to grind into me as he continued on kissing my neck; fingers fumbling to take off my uniform shirt. Each time he undid a button, he would kiss down my chest. Soon my jacket, shirt, and bra were off while he was planting kisses along my shoulders. Then down to the valley of my breasts. His warm breath on my bare chest sent shivers down my spine. His hands and mouth were all over me. One hand was placed on the small of my back as the other made its way underneath my skirt, rubbing me through the thin fabric of my panties as he sucked on my nipples. I closed my eyes and threw my head back in pleasure as he made my body feel things that boys my own age could not achieve. I held myself up with my right hand as the other entangled itself within his hair, holding his head close to my breasts. 

I knew that we were getting carried away in the wrong place, but this was too amazing to stop. His lips met mine again as he pulled my panties to the side and inserted two fingers into my moist crevice. We kissed passionately as he slowly fucked me with his fingers and kneaded my breasts with his other hand. I would moan every time he would curve up his fingers and tap my g-spot. It felt amazing having his long masculine fingers fuck my pussy. But I still longed to feel his mouth on my hot mound. 

As if on cue, he slowly laid me down on his desk and knelt down before me. With a wide grin on his face, he pushed up my skirt and pulled off my panties. He then kissed my inner thighs. First the right and then he began to kiss the left. I lightly moaned as he blew lightly on my slit and trailed kisses along my pelvic bone to just above my slit. At times, he would lightly brush his tongue against it. "Oh god," I said almost in whisper to his constant teasing. He did this for so long that I almost thought the teasing were to go on forever but then he finally began to lick my pussy from top to bottom. I gasped and lightly tugged at his soft brown hair, grinding my pussy into his mouth wanting more. At first, his tongue explored my crevice in slow laps of the tongue. Slow and steady. But then his pace quickened. Eagerly flicking my clit repeatedly, taking liberties. It felt so good that it made my head spin. "Oh Michael," I moaned when two fingers entered me as his mouth continued its assault on my swollen bud. For a moment he pulled his face away though, his fingers still working me. I could feel his warm breath on me. It made my lips tingle. His tongue then lightly grazed my lips. Right. Left. Then licked the right again. God, it felt amazing. Him toying with me like that. He then quickly flicked his tongue against my clit. It sent a shiver up my spine. It blew my mind how just one simple touch could have that effect on me. I anticipated what he was going to do next. Because I knew I would love every bit of it. This time, he left his warm mouth on me. His tongue running up my hole to the hood of my clit. He repeated this action before concentrating on my clit. His fingers fucked me hard and I knew that at this rate I would cum any minute. My pussy tightened around his fingers, cautioning him that my orgasm was going to hit soon. But he quickly pulled away and took his fingers out, obviously having other plans for me. 

I propped myself up with my elbows on his desk as I watched him pull down his khaki Dockers, exposing his 8 inch rod. I gasped at the sight of it. Looking at his cock only excited me more. I wanted him inside me so badly that words could not even describe how badly I longed to feel him then. I had waited nearly two years to see this huge cock of his. His Dockers did not do the man justice. Hiding something so perfect.

He smirked when he noticed that I was staring, "Is this what you want? Do you want me to fuck you with my cock now?" he asked huskily. 

Hearing those words come from his mouth surprised me. It was strange hearing him talk dirty to me. But I loved every bit of it. "Yes, Mr. Watson. I want you to fuck me with your long hard cock, please," I replied looking at him longingly. 

And with that he brought his penis to my entrance. Not quite entering it yet, but rubbing the head against my wet pussy. I whimpered. He had my body aching for him. He did this for a moment longer before finally fulfilling my need and easing himself in my young cunt. My pussy was so wet that it slid in without ease. We both watched as his cock slowly filled me. Once he was all the way in, he didn't waste any time and started quickly pumping in and out of me. It slid in and out easily. God, it was so hot watching this; watching my fantasy come true. He began to fuck me so hard that it made his desk shake. "Fuck," I heard him groan as he took hold of my hips, pulling me toward him as he thrust himself in. Deep and hard. It felt as if with each thrust he made, his cock ran deeper within my wet hole; pushing it in to the hilt. I then laid completely down on the desk as we continued to hump our hips together at a steady rhythm. As if it could get any better, he lifted up my right leg and placed it straight up against his chest. His left hand kept my leg in place as the other kept hold of my hip. He ground into me fast and hard that it seemed as if his cock was hitting my vocal chords. I moaned so loudly that he had to put a hand over my mouth to keep anyone from hearing my constant wails. His cock was hitting me in all the right spots and before I knew it, my muscles spasmed and clenched his member tightly. I moaned into his hand as my orgasm ripped through me. I have never had such a mind boggling orgasm like that before, ever. He continued to pump into me as I rode this wave of pleasure. When my orgasm subsided, I began to suck on his fingers as he fucked me, tasting traces of my pussy on them. He watched as I did this; his cock twitched within me as I rolled my tongue over his finger tips as if they were the head of his penis. 

Michael then pulled out and said, "I want you to suck my dick now." I grinned as I hopped off of his desk and got on my knees before him wordlessly. I didn't hesitate before I took his cock into my warm mouth. Lubricating it with my own saliva with each bob of the head. Each time I would come up to the frenulum I would press my lips tighter together and swirl my tongue. Creating more friction in that general area as my hand jacked him off. My hand moved in a steady rhythm so that I managed to jack him off from the shaft of his cock to his head which met my lips every time I pulled up. Keeping him constantly stimulated. He put his hand on my head and would throw in a few thrust every now and then. Hitting the back of my throat, making me gag. "Oh god. I'm going to cum," I heard him mumble through gritted teeth as I sucked his dick and began fondling his hot balls. I kept my mouth at the tip of his penis as he groaned and ejaculated. I swallowed each jet of sperm that was released. I kept my mouth on him awhile longer, milking him of all his cum with a few bobs of the head. He jerked when I tightened my lips around his girth as my mouth moved up along the head of his member. I looked up at him and smirked before I got up holding back the urge to laugh at his involuntary response. 

I gave him one last kiss before we started to quickly get dressed. And with the help of my compact mirror I fixed my disheveled hair to the best of my ability. He hardly had to do anything to fix himself. Sex hair only made him look hotter. And after he tucked his shirt back in, he looked as if nothing had happened. Unlike him, my hair and clothing were in disarray. If someone had saw me as I was, they would've known what kind of mischief I had just gotten into. 

I was about to head out of the classroom before I heard him say my name. "Forgetting something?" he smiled back at me before letting out a small chuckle as he held my phone in his hand. 

"Oh yeah, I completely forgot," I giggled before walking over to retrieve my phone. "Bye Mr. W." I smiled as I put my phone in my pocket.

"See you tomorrow Marie. And by the way, I hope you don't mind that I added my number to your contacts. Call me anytime," he smiled as he smacked my ass when I turned to walk out of the classroom. 

This was definitely not going to be the last of my extracurricular activities with Mr. Watson...