 It's a work day. We both had lots to do but no one had to work super late. During the day we had been sending each other a few teasing messages but no promises or commitments to any fooling around that night.

We pick up the kids from school, have dinner, watch some TV and do a little cleaning up after the children. Bath, potty, teeth, pajamas, stories, hugs, kisses, go to bed. The night is still young, with the kids in bed and sound asleep right away for once. I am playing a video game and you are doing some work on your laptop in our bed.

I hear you rustling around but think nothing of it. Ten minutes later you ask me to come because there is something you want me to see. I let you know I will be there in a minute. I get to a point in my game where I can put the controls down and head into the bedroom.

You are standing just inside the doorway and I hardly have time to notice the sexy shear lacy hot OMG "come fuck me" lingerie you are wearing because immediately you press your body against mine and we lock lips.

I reach one arm around you and begin to knead your ass cheek. I blindly reach the other hand behind me to get the bedroom door closed.

You reach one hand down to my groin and begin to rub my cock through my pants. You reach the other hand around me and pull my hip into you, softly grinding your pussy against my shorts. I close my eyes and melt into the kiss while trying to remember what I had glimpsed before our bodies collided.

You are wearing something black and lacy that covers you with a halter type top but hides nothing. Your cleavage is amazing and I can't wait to lick and nibble your wonderful breasts. The lacy something you are wearing has a skirt that goes just past the curve of your hips, but just barely and is threatening to ride up and expose your best bits. I also glimpsed some fishnet tights that stopped halfway up your thighs and... was that garters? A slight whiff of my favorite perfume tickles my nose.

We are kissing and groping passionately and I try to come up for breath but you quickly grab the back of my head and pull me back in. I was hoping to get a better glimpse of your luscious body but your tits are smashed against my chest and I am more than happy with that.

You are still using one hand to pull my hip into you. Your grinding becoming more aggressive and I am beginning to feel a dampness through my shorts. I also feel the soft texture of your tights and the sensation adds to the overwhelming eroticism of the moment. This is so hot I could explode any minute. If you keep caressing my cock through my shorts I just might!

You stop caressing my cock.

I sigh in both disappointment and relief.

I'm in a state of bliss, but I want more. I try to pull away again. This time you let me out of the kiss and I begin to nuzzle and kiss your ears and your neck. You return the favor with lusty moans and unintelligible whispers in my ear. You are now using both hands to leverage your now frenetic grinding on my hip.

My shorts are riding up and I realize that you are not wearing any panties and it is your bare pussy grinding on my leg. My kisses work my way down from your neck to your amazing breasts. I've always been a breast man and your's are the best I've ever seen. I nibble, I tickle with my tongue, I kiss, I suck, I try to nuzzle the lacy fabric to the side so I can get at your nipples.

Just as I get one nipple exposed and begin to suck it into my mouth, you pull away. You deliberately replace the lace over your nipple and remind me that I was supposed to come in and look at something for you. I'm a little nonplussed but say "Um, OK. What was it you wanted me to see?

Meanwhile I am drinking in the sight of you. I recognize the fishnets tights that are one piece of lacy fabric with built in garters that rest above your hips. The lacy something (chemise?) you are wearing is a little mussed up and your shaved pussy and juicy ass are completely exposed to my wandering eyes. Your breasts are amazing, full and bouncy with just the right amount of jiggle. They're covered in lace but I can see the outline of your tasty nipples through the shear fabric.

You adjust the bottom of your lingerie to cover your lower regions again, but then turn around towards the bed and bend at the waist showing off your wonderful butt and hinting at the lovely lips between your legs. Your moves are intentional. You know what you are doing and I don't mind at all.

You pull away the covers, sit on the edge of the bed demurely, tell me to take off my shorts and shirt and beckon me to the floor. I am a little confused but after that kiss I am, of course, willing to do anything you like. I sit on the floor in front of you and you lean forward, kissing me on the top of my head and use your hands to push your breasts together inches from my face. You are teasing me while, at the same time, giving me exactly what I want.

After I have stared at your deep cleavage for a minute, you lean back and reach for something under the pillow. You slide it across the bed and place it behind you. Try as I might I can't figure out what it is. You again lean forward and kiss me, this time around the edge of my ear with your breasts again pushed together creating the most lovely sight and titillating sensations.

Again you stop, lean back, take something from under the pillow and place it behind you. This time when you lean forward you use one hand to tip my head slightly back and you kiss me deeply with your tongue playing across my lips. As I get into the kiss I suddenly feel you grab and squeeze my cock so hard it hurts, while at the same time sharply biting my lip and pulling back until it pops out of your teeth. Then you release my cock, lean back, reach under the pillow and place another object behind you.

I'm confused. I'm more horny than I have ever imagined I could be. I am very, very curious. Yet you just sit there and let your gaze linger on me.

I stammer, "So um, what did you want me to, um see?" You look me in the eyes, open your mouth part way, pause, lightly touch my cheeks, then put your hands on your knees and spread your legs. The lips of your pussy are red, swollen and glistening with your juices and your clit is sticking out prominently.

Suddenly, in your hand is the first of the three objects I saw you take from under the pillow. It is a leather strap with snaps on it. You hand me the strap and without telling me I know what I am supposed to do. I fit it around my cock and balls and snap it snugly in place. This pulls my balls up making them bounce a little with every movement and thrusts my cock out straight in front of me. My sex is now collared to your whims. I didn't need the physical reminder but you know that I will enjoy it.

With your eyes still locked on mine you reach behind your back and pick up a purple object. I recognize it as the vibrator we had seen online. It can be a vibrator, but it on the other end it creates suction specifically for your clitoris.

I can't believe what is about to happen. My cock is dripping with pre-cum, and my mouth is salivating with excitement. You hold it in front of me and power it up, then turn on the suction going straight to the maximum power and gently place it on your clit. I stare, slack jawed, as you moan and quiver. It takes less then a minute before your orgasm silently takes over takes your body, with a great shudder. Your face is flushed and your whole body is relaxed and glowing, while the smell of your sex mixed with hints of your perfume washes across me.

Once you recover, you reach behind you and now pull out your large pink soft dildo. It is far larger than me, but that's never been a concern for me. I love to see you pleased more than anything.

You hand me the dildo and tell me to "put that long fat cock deep in my pussy." Leaning back you spread your thighs wide in the air, opening yourself so that I can perform my task. I am nervous as I've never done this for you before and it is quite large.

Reaching forward with my free hand, I gently stroke your labia with my fingers. You shudder slightly and let loose a low moan. I use two fingers to spread your lips and the heel of my hand pushes on your clit, causing you to moan more insistently. Then I slide the dildo up and down between the stretched lips of your pussy, slicking it with your juices, then slowly begin to push it inside of you.

It fits tight but you are well lubricated after your orgasm, and it slips in all of a sudden, causing you to gasp in delight. When the dildo is all the way in to the hilt, I pull it out part way and then push it back in again. Again I pull it out part way and then slowly push it's length back in. This time I pull the large fake cock nearly all the way out. I see it's veins shiny with the lubrication of your pussy and then I slam it back in hard like a piston. I am prepared to fuck you senseless with this toy. With a gasp, you stop me by closing your legs around the silicon balls.

You lock eyes with me again, smile and back up onto the bed until your back is against the head board. I follow you, crawling onto the bed and expecting to continue fucking you with the dildo. I realize that you must be squeezing it tight with your vaginal muscles because it has not slipped out at all. Oh how I wish that was me, but I am happy to watch you play whatever game you have planned.

I reach out for the base of the dildo, but you stop my intentions with an upright hand. You take both of my hands in your own and place them on your knees. From there I begin to slowly stroke and massage your inner thighs. You allow me to please you for a minute, but when I get to close to your stuffed pussy, you firmly grasp my wrists and place my hands down on the mattress in front of you.

Now I am in front of you, on my hands and knees. Prostrate before my queen. You stroke my chin with your hand and then gently push me up and backwards, wordlessly letting me know where to go. Soon I am on my back and you are crawling on top of me. Your stiff nipples are still under the soft lacy fabric but I can just barely feel them slide up my chest and your dildo stuffed pussy slides along my cock.

You settle on top of me with your knees are spread either side of my body and the dildo in your pussy is resting on my chest with it's balls pressing into your ass cheeks. I feel your weight but since you are resting on your knees it is not unpleasant and I revel in the power you have to do as you please.

I reach up and grasp your thighs and ass cheeks, kneading your flesh and taking pleasure in how close and intimate this moment is. I cannot see your sex without uncomfortably lifting my head but the smell and feel of you is driving me crazy. I stare longingly at your covered tits and you slowly pull the fabric of the halter to the sides to expose more flesh, but stop just short of fully exposing your nipples.

I am entranced by the sight of your erect nipples pushing out on the fabric. You catch me staring at them and so you pinch and pull on them, making them stick out even more. You're teasing me, torturing me and I love it. My hands continue to grope you wherever they can reach. I rub your legs, I grasp and pull at your ass cheeks, I reach for you breasts and you playfully but firmly slap my hands back down, so I return to gripping your ass.

From another hiding spot you produce another vibrator. This one is stiff with hard ridges. I am hoping you will let me use it on you, but from this position I'm not sure how I could. You turn on the vibrator and feel a thrum as you begin to stimulate your stretched pussy lips around the large dildo.

I lift my head to see the action, but using your free hand you gently push my head back down. I stare longingly at your breasts and I watch as your face displays the throws of ecstasy you are experiencing. You are taking your time and savoring the experience. I still want to participate somehow so I use my hands gripping your butt to gently rock your body back and forth on the dildo pressed against my chest.

I can hear the buzz of the vibrator and the soft wet sounds of your pussy fucking the dildo. Your breasts are heaving under the fabric. Your mouth is a small 'o' of pleasure and your moans are beginning to become pants. I feel you pressing the vibrator harder so I rock your body harder causing the dildo to fuck you faster. Soon you are in the middle of another crushing orgasm and I can only watch as you feel the pleasure wash through your body.

I am entranced, I am longing, I am excited. My cock is pointing straight up in the air and I desperately want to fuck you, but will you let me? I don't know, and I am surprising fine with that.

When your orgasm is over you heavily rest your ass on my chest. It presses hard, but not so hard I need to worry. I wonder if you are spent, and if that was the culmination of our session, but I am not going to ruin the moment by asking you.

When you have recovered and your wits are about you again, you sit up a little and lock gazes with me once again. The dildo is still in your pussy, but the vibrator has been discarded. Likely it rolled onto the floor or something. Your hands reach down to grasp my hand and you slowly slide my hands up the sides of you body until they are grasping your wonderful tits.

They are warm and soft to the touch. I begin to gently fondle and knead your breasts. I stroke my fingers up and down the sides. I cup them in my hands and press them together, in awe of your amazing cleavage. I gently rub the heals of my thumbs in circles around your covered nipples.

I love your breasts, I have always been a breast man and your tits are the best of them all. We both know that this moment is a present for having been so patient and obedient. Yet as soon as I try to expose your nipples, you gently but firmly slap my hands away and push them back down. I have crossed the line and now I lost my privilege. You look at me and see the disappointment and longing in my eyes. I wonder, will I get one more chance? No. Not for now at least.

While still looking me in the eye, you reach behind me and find the leather strap encircling my rock hard penis and balls. With your finger you follow the strap all the way around careful not to touch my cock, but cupping my balls on the underside. After circling my member a few times you slowly drag the tip of your finger nail up it's entire length and then back down. I shudder and you smile at me and I can tell you were suppressing a small giggle. My you are enjoying this aren't you?

You pull your hand back, lick the tip of your finger and then again slowly drag your finger nail up and down my cock. You continue to tease my trembling cock, sometimes pausing to rub my balls a little, then licking your finger again and starting all over. Suddenly you grasp my cock and start pumping as hard as you can, it almost hurts and I am about to explode! And then you stop. Your grin goes from ear to ear. I am groaning with the need for release.

Again you slowly lick the length of your finger and reach back for my cock. You rub the tip of your finger nail around the head of my trembling cock. As you are reaching back you lift your hips and begin rocking back and forth on the large dildo stuffing your pussy. Then you wrap your hand around my engorged cock, slowly and gently to pumping to the rhythm of your hips fucking the dildo.

You speed up with small but frantic thrusts of your hips. Pumping my cock for all that it is worth. Then you stop. Again you grin from ear to ear as I silently beg for release.

Suddenly you lift your body up and lean back a little. The dildo falls out of your sopping pussy and lands sloppily on my chest. You get out of the bed and tell me to do the same. My whole body is raging with the need for release and my thoughts are becoming more and more primal, but I still am following the wishes of my queen.

"Did you enjoy that?" You ask with a grin.

"It was amazing." I say in a rapturous voice.

"How are you feeling?" Your grin becomes a smirk.

"I want to fuck you so badly it hurts." I groan.

"What if you're not allowed to fuck me today?"

"Watching you was worth it."

"That reminds me," you say as if suddenly remembering, "There is still something else I wanted you to see!"

I am so surprised by the sudden change that I almost forget the pretense you lured me in with.

"Oh, uh, what was that?"

You turn your back to me, slowly spread your feet as wide as you comfortably can and then sensually bend at the waist so that your naked ass is sticking up and your dripping, swollen pussy is exposed. Leaning on one elbow, you reach back and gently unsnap the leather strap restraining my raging hard on. "This," you say in a breathy and submissive voice. "I wanted to show you this." As the leather strap falls to the floor I realize that you just released me. I have been driven to purely animal instinct and I am a primal creature of lust. You are the object of the that lust. You see the change in my posture and give me a slow wink, then settle your elbows into the bed and wait for what is to come next.

With one hand I grab your hip in a vice grip. I have what I want and I won't let go until I have done what I please with it. With the other hand I grab my cock and point it at the entrance to your pussy. I rub it up and down your slit one time and then without warning I drive it in to the hilt.

Now that I have what I want I am hammering away. There is a rushing sound in my ears and a momentum of energy in my body that will not be stopped until I am satiated. I see your tits swaying back and forth still restrained by the soft lacy fabric and I desire them so I take them.

I pull the fabric to the sides finally exposing your nipples. I grip your breasts and firmly pinch your nipples between the fingers of my groping hands while still thrusting inside of you impulsively. It is not going to take me long, I am so close and suddenly I your muscles quiver around my cock.

Your whole body is shaking from the pleasure rippling out from your pussy and I realize that even now, you are getting exactly what you wanted! The thought throws me over the edge. I cum deep inside of you, but continue to thrust as long as I can to savor this moment for myself all the while knowing that this was your will, your desire and your plan. My queen has just been elevated to a sex goddess.