 "Good evening, A Gentlemen's Escort Service, this is Lacey speaking, what can I do for you today?" I took another deep slug of whiskey and spoke up. "I'm looking for a woman with some class, a woman that can fuck and suck and do whatever is required by me. Money is no object."

The sultry, sexy voice on the other end made my dick harden and pulsate with eager anticipation, just imagining her lips around my thick cock. "So. Let me see if I've got this right. You want a woman with class and can fuck, suck and do whatever you require. Money is no object. Is this correct?"

"You're damn right I do. What say you and me have a little tango tonight? I bet you can suck a mean dick and fuck like a champion slut with that thick and rich voice you have, huh?"

"I'll take that as a compliment from someone who really needs to get laid bad, doesn't he?

I softened my tone and apologized to Miss Lacey. "Yes, I'm sorry for saying you were a slut. Just give me someone that wants to have a very good time tonight, okay?"

Lacey's finger slid under her silken panties and thumbed her clit with the juices that came from her wet pussy, triggered by the manly voice and strong tone she heard. "Describe yourself to me so I know what to tell Brandi before she gets there. She's going to cost every bit of that five hundred dollars, but I guarantee you that she'll be every bit worth it, if you know what I mean."

I swore that I heard her breath quicken when she answered me, so I gave her a taste of my erotic imagination and said, "This is what I intend to do with Brandi tonight and every night that she is with me, so keep on friggin' that clit of yours while I make you come just as much as Brandi will."

Lacey whimpered and sighed as she exclaimed, "Stop teasing me and let me finish my orgasm you're giving me! Ahh...Oh, yeah, fuck me with your words and lick my soaking wet pussy with your tongue!"

I heard the phone hit the floor as her climax peaked as did mine too; gushing spurts of thick, creamy come all over my shirt. "Are you all right, Miss Lacey? Did I do what I said I would?"

A much more serene voice answered, saying, "Now, where were we? Oh, that's right, you were asking about Brandi weren't you Mr..."

I laughed and said, "Let's just say my name is Mr. Woodcock, and whatever you said for Brandi, I'll gladly double it and give you the same for being so nice over the phone tonight, is that all right with you, Miss Lacey?"

Something told me that this was coming when she sensually added, "Now that you put it that way, I'm off in thirty minutes if you're still interested, Mr. Woodcock, I absolutely love to fuck and suck and do whatever your heart desires. Besides, I'm very sure that my skills are quite ample enough to satisfy your every need and might even save you a bundle of cash."

The money wasn't the issue, and she did seem to have class for an operator that sold sex over the phone. Why not? 

"My limousine driver will pick you up outside your building in five minutes. Bring your overnight bag with you. It's going to be a very long and exhausting night, Miss Lacey." 

The rain began to pour in buckets as she stood outside waiting and watching as my limo driver pulled beside the curb. I dashed out and put down my imported leather coat for her step over the massive pothole, avoiding the muddy mess, as she easily stepped into my comfortable limosine.

I surveyed her exotic and superb body and complimented her gracious style, an obvious mark of class and taste. I lightly kissed her dainty hand, and then offered her a drink of Champagne.

"A toast to a wonderful and memorable evening, Miss Lacey, a woman with class and style I love, and would love to have as my companion tonight. I see that you have forgotten your overnight bag. Is that a signal coming from you that I see?"

She licked her cherry red lips, leaving their mark upon the glass and said, "It's whatever you want it to be, Mr. Woodcock. If it's skills that you desire, then the skill you shall have when the night grows long and the morn is too short, there will still not be enough time to fully enjoy my ready and willing body."

Lacey raised up her wispy dress and exposed her smoothly shaven pussy to my eagerly awaiting tongue, laying back as I explored her sweet and quite tasty sex that reeked of a musky, yet enticing aroma. Her sensual fragrance and the motion of her hips intoxicated me, as I slid through her wide open labia and swirled my warm tongue around her tiny, yet oh, so sensitive clit. My reward was floods of her creamy and flavorful come, and I knew that she was just the perfect woman for me.

I nudged her brassy blond hair aside as I peered into those baby blue eyes and whispered into her ear, "I have an idea and it can't wait until I get you into my bed, my classy Lacey!" I took her by the hand and led her to the parking garage elevator.

Once safely inside, she turned to me and said, "Oh, no you don't! You're not going to steal my thunder, Mr. Woodcock!" She pushed the stop elevator button on the floor below mine and dropped my trousers to my ankles, revealing to me just how skilled she was in the oral arts. Eagerly devouring my thickness while cupping my rapidly shrinking balls with her plush tongue and velvety smooth lips working in unison to give me the best blowjob I've ever experienced, I rewarded Lacey with a full dose of my unbridled orgasm upon her crimson lips, just as I accidentally hit the resume button.

Before we could regroup and cover up our exposed parts, the doors opened and the people there stared with an obviously jealous smile as if they too had a similar fantasy. It was all we could do but laugh with my smegma all over Lacey's beautiful face and my cock still throbbing up and down.

"Nice to see you're dating again, Mr. Kenner, she looks like a winner to me!" Said my cross-floor neighbor as we scurried to my penthouse, laughing and giggling and tickling each other until the moment expired. I poured us both a Brandi and I asked Lacey a personal question.

"This is going to sound a little strange, but I was wondering just how a simply classy lady such as yourself came to be a call girl?"

Lacey replied, "It's simple. I did it for the money, but then I did it for the sex too. Now, I'm doing it to find a man like you, Mr. Kenner. Now, it's your turn to answer my question. How does a nice and wealthy man like you have to go out and get a call girl like me?"

"Don't laugh", I said, "It's simple. I didn't do it for the money, but then I did it for the sex too. Now, I'm searching for a woman just like you, Lacey. Let's hop into the shower together, okay?"

She needed no further prodding to entice her into my awaiting arms, as she pressed her supple skin next to mine and we kissed in the most passionate of kisses with our fingers exploring each other's naked bodies, enjoying every moment of bliss we were in. 

"Let me turn on the steam so it'll be nice and warm when we're under it. Jesus, Lacey, you look so simply marvelous tonight. Come with me and enjoy this. I want to make love to you. Do you want to make love to me?"

"Yes! Yes, I do want to make love to you! For the first time I've ever wanted to make love to a man so badly it almost hurts! Ravage my body and take me gently, let me wrap myself around you and catch me when I fall into your heart."

With our eyes never leaving each other's, the rivulets of condensed steam ran down between her glorious breasts while I pinned her up against the shower wall and thrust my pelvis, grinding and mashing upon her mound with a ferocity that only passion can provide. Her toes were dangling in the air as I lowered her body easily onto my waiting shaft, sinking it to the bottom of her well.

With slow, methodical strokes and powerful thrusts, each one bring us closer to an ultimate climax, I groaned out, "Lacey, my beautiful Lacey, your pussy is fantastic! It's wonderful! I don't ever want this feeling to end! Come with me, baby doll! ...Yes! I can feel it! You're coming too!"

I buried my head in the nape of her neck and relaxed my weary body, completely spent from my immense orgasm with the final spasms still rocking throughout my Lacey's incredible pussy. I took some honeydew soap and lathered her from head to toe, and then she did the same for me.

As we toweled each other off, I couldn't help but to stand in awe of her pristine example of pure beauty personified. I said to her, "You know, I could probably make an overnight superstar out of you. You're that good. Think about it, will you, Lacey?"

She placed her arms around my shoulders and said, "I've past my prime and nobody would give me a second look anyway. You may think so, but I know better than to think otherwise. I'll just 

keep working until the day that I die and maybe, if that is somebody comes along who actually can stand my quirky ways and unusual job description, I hope to find that special person to share the remainder of my life with. I know that you are here for just this night and tomorrow you'll be gone with the wind so before you go, just tell me your first name, Mr. Kenner."

I led her to the bed, laying her down on silken sheets with my arm on her tiny waist, then said, "Stay here with me. Don't go back to that escort agency. You'll never have to work again, and that's a promise from me, Brett."

I wiped the single tear that was falling down her chin as she choked back her cry saying, "You don't understand. I have commitments and responsibilities and I wouldn't want to be a burden to you, Brett. You deserve better that just another fancy call girl. Just make love to me tonight and I will leave in the morning."

I reluctantly succumbed to her wishes and quietly rubbed her back before spending the remainder of the night tenderly making sweet, sweet love to my Lacey. The dawn came and she was not there anymore, just a note saying these words:

"If you want to see me again, you'll have to buy my services. I'm just an expensive hooker.

(555-4321) Lacey Benton"