 They both lived in the apartment block. It was in a nice neighborhood and the owners kept the building in good repair. The people who lived in the apartments mostly worked in the city and hardly saw each other. Kira and Colin worked locally and they did see each other. They also noticed each other.

Kira thought he was cute but he never looked very "available" to her. When she first noticed him he had a girlfriend with him all the time, but recently she hadn't seen her with him. Colin was tall, had short and ruffled dyed blonde hair and always wore tight jeans, worn tennis shoes and sloppy shirts. Kira especially liked him because he always looked happy.

Colin noticed Kira a lot, but refrained from ever approaching her because she always looked so well dressed, the kind of girl who was already settling down with someone. Recently though, he'd taken more notice. Not only was she wearing much shorter skirts since the summer arrived, but Colin never saw her with anyone. Maybe she was single after all? Maybe he should find out?

The night they first played the game Kira was struggling into the building with three bags of groceries, a purse and a laptop when Colin arrived just in tome to pull the door open for her. "Hey thanks." Kira looked at him above her groceries. "You saved my life."

Colin laughed confidently. "I don't think so. I don't think this door's killed anyone yet." He held out his arms and started to take the groceries from Kira's arms. "Here, let me get these for you."

She hit the elevator button and stepped in, making sure the doors didn't close on Colin as he eased inside. Kira hit the button for the 6th floor. "Thank you so much. It's been such a tough day. I was just so anxious to get into my apartment, throw off these shoes and enjoy a lovely long..."

"Fuck."

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, sorry. I just saw your coffee in the top of this bag. I was supposed to get some today, but I forgot. I'm clean out."

"Never mind," Kira twitched her nose, looking ever cuter, "you can borrow some. I'll put some in a bag for you when we get to my apartment."

"Great."

Colin hesitated on the threshold of Kira's apartment as she opened the door but she beckoned him inside immediately. "Just dump the stuff there," she indicated the dining table, "I'll sort some coffee out for you." Colin did as instructed, then wondered over to the large window in the lounge.

"You've got a better view than me. I live down on four." He looked around at the room. It was neat and functional, cleaner than his apartment. Kira had more books on her shelves than he did, but fewer CDs. He was fingering the spine of a few travel books when Kira appeared at his side and offered him a glass.

"Thanks for helping. That was really nice of you." She held the wine out for him to take. "I'll get the coffee in a minute."

Colin took the offered glass and looked closely at Kira for the first time. She had taken off her jacket to reveal a figure-hugging pink top that did nothing to hide the wonderful lines of her full, round breasts. He wanted so much to revel in a close up look at her shapely ass, even if it was only through a short, tight blue skirt. There was nothing in the room to suggest a regular male presence. Colin just wondered...

Kira stayed close to him as he browsed the books on her shelf. Her original plan for the evening was nothing more than some relaxing wine and a nice dinner, but now Colin was here with his tight jeans and faint male smell... she was beginning to get other ideas.

"I see you like games." Colin indicated the stack of board games and jigsaws on her bottom shelf.

Kira gave a short, self-depreciating laugh. "I used to. There's never anyone around to play much these days. "You don't like Trivial Pursuit do you? Or card games?"

"I'm not very good at games I'm afraid." Colin sipped at his wine and looked at Kira's eyes intensified. "I guess you could teach me sometime."

"Sure," she smiled at him, seductively sipping at her glass then running her tongue along her bottom lip, "I'd prefer to teach you my favorite game though. You ever played I Want You To?"

Colin looked puzzled. "How'd you play that?"

"It's easy. You just take turns at asking the other person to do something, starting with the words, I Want You To... You want to play?"

Colin nodded and drained the last of his wine. "Sure. I want you to... pour me another glass."

Kira smiled, took his glass and went off to fulfill her obligation. She brought it back and gave it to him. "See. Nothing to it. My turn now. I want you to... rub my shoulders for me. I've had a hard day."

She smiled mischievously and turned her back to Colin so he could reach her shoulders and start massaging. As he dug his thumbs into her muscles he felt her relax and start to enjoy his movements. Through the thin material of her top he felt her bra straps. As his confidence grew he reached inside the collar of her top, pushed aside the straps and massaged the bare skin on the top of her shoulders. Kira moaned in pleasure as Colin felt the smoothness of her skin and some movement in his own clothes.

"Oh, that was nice." Kira turned to face him after a couple of minutes. He noticed that she did not reach in to replace her straps. "Your turn now."

Even though he had time to think about it, the question caught him slightly off-guard. "I, erm... I want you to... let me use your bathroom."

Kira giggled and Colin watched as her face creased in an alarmingly provocative way. She really was a very attractive girl. "Yeah, okay. Down the hall on your right. Don't pee on the floor."

Colin had to wait a few moments for his growing hard on to subside before he peed in Kira's bathroom. After he washed his hands he lifted her bottle of mouthwash and took a swig. Never know when you're going to need fresh breath.

When he got back to the lounge Kira was sitting on the sofa cradling her wine and smiling widely. She could hardly wait to command him, "I want you to... use those strawberries and whipped cream I just bought, any way you like."

Colin looked at her just long enough to make sure he hadn't misunderstood. The impish look on Kira's face left him in no doubt. Without further comment he walked over to kitchen area and started wading through the contents of the bags. She wasn't kidding, there was a pack of strawberries and a tub of whipped cream. Wow! He stalled a few minutes, wondering just how far he should go. The first thought he had was to stuff the strawberries into her panties and retrieve them one by one with his mouth. Maybe not, he also had to use the cream after all.

He counted out six strawberries, washed them and placed them on a plate. Then, quickly as he could, he whipped up the cream into a bowl then found a towel. Kira sat patiently on the sofa and grinned, "This looks interesting." The very obvious bulge in the front of his jeans also looked interesting. He placed the strawberries and cream in the middle of the floor then indicated that Kira should join him, sitting opposite each other with the bowls between them.

"Okay. You put the towel over my eyes, then feed me a strawberry dipped in cream. With the fork." He offered her the towel. "After you've fed me three, I'll feed you three."

She took the towel from him and tied it around his head, smiling as she pouted a little and licked her lips provocatively. When she had the towel tight she took the fork and dipped a strawberry in the cream. Then she leaned forward, placed her hand on his thigh, only inches from his bulging hard on, as slowly brought the fruit up to his lips. Colin tasted the cream slowly before taking the strawberry whole and crushing it in his mouth.

Second time around Kira placed her hand even further up Colin's thigh and pushed the strawberry straight in. Third time she was within a half-inch of his bulge (which she could get a good look at as he was blindfolded) and the temptation to break down and grab it was immense.

Now he tied the blindfold around her head. Then he waited. And waited. Eventually Kira started to ask him where he was. "Hey, It's my turn now, where are..." Her mouth was full of the strawberry Colin was delivering, straight from between his own teeth. When she realized what was happening she hungrily fought to take the strawberry, rubbing lips with him until he let go.

"Hey," she said, swallowing, "that's not fair. You said we had to use the fork!"

"No," Colin said calmly. "I said you had to use the fork. I didn't say what I had to use."

"That's not fu..." He plunged another into her mouth.

After the third she whipped away the towel to reveal a huge grin. "You're learning this game pretty quickly." She gathered up the bowls and took them to the kitchen. "Your turn now."

Colin thought of a hundred things he might ask Kira to do, but one thought kept coming back to him. Oh, fuck it, he thought, giving in. "I want you to... let me see your boobs."

Now Kira's smile was unmistakable. This was what she had really wanted. Without a word and without diverting her eyes from his, she started to pull her top over her head and reveal a full lacy white bra. Colin expected her to reach around and unclasp the bra immediately but instead she brought her hands up to the front of the cups and pushed her boobs up a little. She was stalling, teasing. She watched for any additional effect on Colin but he already looked uncomfortably hard. She unclipped the bra at the front and let the cups fall away to reveal a large, full, pair of boobs that stood up magnificently on their own. He couldn't draw his gaze away from her dark, well-defined nipples. They were even showing signs of liking the situation themselves.

"O-kay," Kira took a deep breath that helped her chest heave and push out towards him, "I believe it's my turn now. I want you to... explore these with your mouth."

Colin smiled and without a word moved over to Kira, immediately stooping to take one of her breasts in his hand, weigh it, and then bring his lips to her nipple, as commanded. Even though she was excited, Colin's tongue and lips managed to excite her some more and her nipples grew and gave him more to play with. He switched his attentions to her other boob, repeating the attention and feeling his own excitement grow. Down in Kira's panties a fire was beginning to get out of control.

It was hard, fighting the urge to reach out and touch his thigh and the bulge at the front of his jeans, but she did, because she liked this game. Kira closed her eyes and felt the soft touch of Colin's tongue connect with her nipples and send electricity straight down to her pussy.

When he looked up from his task, Colin was smiling. He glanced again at her impressive chest and smiled at his handiwork—both nipples were wet, large and proud. He took a deep breath and stood back from the sofa. It was his turn. The choice was almost too difficult. "I want you to... find me your favorite vibrator, take the rest of your clothes off and show me how you like to use it."

Kira looked at him for just a moment before getting up from the sofa, walking over to the bookcase and pulling a pink eight-inch vibrator from behind some paperbacks. "I call him Chad." She smiled and gently kissed the head of the cock shaped vibrator. "After an old friend he reminds me of."

Colin looked on in wonder, and with an ache like he'd never felt before, as Kira slowly stepped back to the sofa. She put the vibrator down, kicked off her shoes and turned to face Colin. With a smile that took away any last doubt that she would do anything in this game, Kira slipped down the zipper on her skirt and wiggled it loose. It fell around her feet and left Colin gazing at a pair of black satin panties that looked to be almost steaming at the crotch.

They didn't last long. Without taking her eyes from Colin's face, Kira hooked her thumbs in the sides and slipped them down. When she stood up again and revealed her pussy to him Colin saw that heaven was indeed shaved, with just a small triangle of hair above it. Right then he wanted to her over to her and taste that sweet little pie that was spreading an unmistakable scent around the room. But he was playing the game, he had to wait to be asked...

Kira sat back down on the sofa and took the vibrator in her hand. Simultaneously she licked the head of the phallic instrument and put a hand down to her pussy and rubbed a little. "Mmmm," she almost moaned, "Don't think we'll be needing any lube today."

She switched on the vibrator and a soft humming started. Next she placed it on her tummy, just above her pubic area. Colin watched as she slowly moved it down towards her pussy, using circular movements and going far too slowly for his desires. When she finally got there Kira traced a path all the way around her pussy lips, closing her eyes as she enjoyed the sensations.

Colin almost had to grab his crotch as he watched her slip the vibrator inside herself, all the way up to the hilt. Kira opened her eyes to watch his reaction and smiled, doubly. She thought about withdrawing the vibrator and working her clit some more as she wasn't far from orgasm by now, but she figured there might just be something better on offer, so pulled it out, looked up at Colin again and licked the length of the vibrator for him.

"There, she said, pausing for breath, "that's how I like to use Chad." Almost unconsciously, a hand slipped back to her pussy, just making sure she stayed on top of things. "Now it's my turn." She eyed him with a devilish mixture of desire and tease. "I want you to... let that bulge in your pants out and let me help it breathe."

Colin tried hard not to smile as he walked towards Kira's naked and wanton form. Standing in front of her he undid his belt, pulled down his zipper and stepped out of his jeans. Next he pulled off his shirt and stood there in a pair of over-stretched briefs. "I said take it out." Kira reminded him urgently.

Colin sighed as he pulled the waistband of his briefs over his massive erection. As he pulled them away and revealed his full engorged state to Kira he felt the immediate relief of cool air around him. She looked at the full seven-inch tower of power protruding from his crotch, now less than two feet from her face. His balls looked full and excited, nestling tight at the base of his shaft. "You have a very nice penis." she stated matter-of-factly. "But I tend to prefer the word cock myself. What do you like to call it?"

"Don't really care." Colin was almost quaking with desire now, desperate to feel someone take hold of him and ease his still growing pain. "You said you'd help it breathe." he pleaded.

"Mmmm," she teased, licking her lips, "I did, didn't I?" She leant forward a little, till she was no more than a foot from his prick. She watched as his impressive length twitched under her gaze, resisting the growing urge she felt to reach out and grab him. She liked his long and straight cock with its hard and red head, loved the power it suggested and the pleasure she could have with it. "How's this for you?" Kira gently blew air from her lips up and down his length and Colin felt the gentlest of teasing relief as her breath caressed him, cooled him and bristled the hairs on his balls.

"Good," he managed to say as his desire to turn her over and fill her pussy reached new heights. "Very good. Do you think..."

"Maybe this will be better?" Kira dipped her head and dropped her mouth over the head of his cock. It felt hot and hard as she worked it around with her tongue. Quickly her hand came up to hold his balls with the most practiced light touch he had ever felt. As she withdrew him from her mouth her hand came up to grasp his shaft, pulling down and tightening his skin with a single stroke of pleasure. "How's that?"

"Better. Thanks." He tried to regain some composure as her hand continued massaging him. "Are we still playing?" He breathed the words, unable to disguise his desperation.

"You bet." Kira's voice seemed to be coming from her hand, gently stroking him closer than he wanted to be. "Your turn I believe."

"I want you to... lie back so I can taste that lovely pussy of yours. Now."

Kira slid back on the sofa and offered herself to Colin. He knelt in front of her and plunged to his work with enthusiasm. He loved the smell of her pussy, loved working his tongue around her soft folds and feel her excitement growing, resisting her urge to thrust her pelvis in his face. When he started to work on her clit he brought a hand up to her and rubbed a few times along her inner lips before easing it inside. Slowly he plunged first one finger, then two, in and out while he teased her clit with the end of his tongue.

"Oh God," she whispered desperately, "I want you to... put yourself inside me. Now would be good."

As Colin reluctantly moved away from her pussy Kira turned herself on the sofa and knelt for him, offering herself to him doggie style. Colin moved back to her, his bulging cock in his hand and homing in on her red hot pussy like a guided missile. He put a foot up on the sofa and eased on up to her wet lips, easily slipping between them with only the lightest of pressure. "Ahhhh." Kira moaned as he felt her wrap around his cock.

He held her ass cheeks as he slid in and out, those first few strokes making him close his eyes and concentrate on not blowing his wad instantly. Surely, this was the sweetest pussy he'd ever had the pleasure of? Pumping as slowly as his need would allow, he could feel every movement Kira's pussy muscles made as she gripped and released him to increase her own pleasure. He looked down and watched as his cock disappeared inside her, each stroke felt glorious as he watched her ass tighten as he thrust. Colin smiled and couldn't resist a hard slap on her ass cheek. "Oh, God. More," Kira responded.

He obliged with several more sharp slaps on her ass as he plunged and withdrew. Not wanting the fuck of his lifetime to end, Colin stopped thrusting and ran his hands over the skin on Kira's back, contrasting his slaps with the lightest touch. Now he slid as deep as he could, bent over Kira's back and reached out to grab her breast, his fingers searching successfully for her nipple. She gasped again in pleasure and Colin realized she was as close to coming as he was. He was just about to reach between her cheeks for her clit and thrust himself to orgasm when Kira looked around. "Sit back on the sofa for me. I want to control when you come."

Colin eased out of her dripping wet pussy and sat on the edge of the sofa that she had already vacated. His cock wobbled in front of him, red, hard, pulsing and primed to go off at any minute. Kira smiled widely as she maneuvered one leg onto the sofa and started to lower herself onto him. As she sank her pussy over his cock Colin leaned back and sighed deeply, wondering at the soft and warm feeling of being inside this very sexy girl.

Once full impaled, Kira brought up her other leg and wriggled herself around on his cock. She leaned forward, held his shoulders and started to ease up and down on him, bringing them both higher again. As she started to move up and down on his cock Colin watched as her pussy seemed to swallow him whole, her lips stretching and showing pink as she rode him. "Oh fuck, this is lovely," she breathed at him as she worked them both.

When Kira reached behind her and felt how constricted his balls were she realized he was almost beyond the point of no return. With her other hand she reached down and rubbed her clit, knowing she would be over the edge in seconds. Watching Kira finger herself, ride him and pull at his balls was too much for Colin and he started to feel the incredible rush that was now unavoidable. As his orgasm burst through his whole body he saw Kira smile one final time before she grimaced and he knew her own time had come.
