 "Madeline, you fucking slut!" Shelly exclaimed playfully. She was lounging poolside with her neighbor, both of them clad in bikinis. It was Thursday afternoon, the school bus wouldn't drop Madeline's son off for another hour, and the two ladies were getting caught up. 

"I know," Madeline giggled. "I couldn't help it. I don't know what came over me."

"I can't believe you did both of them. WITHOUT ME!!"

"Oh my God, Shelly -- it was sooooooo good. I mean it was weird at first. Like when it was just Eric, and I didn't know Dave was waiting outside -- it felt almost uncomfortable having a strange man in my house. Someone I was attracted to, but wasn't my husband.

"It started out so innocently, too. I was in the kitchen getting a drink for Eric -- trying to figure out what my next move should be. Like how could I get him to stay?

"When I came back to the living room, Eric had put one of my playlists on. It was my Girls' Night mood music. He just sorta took me in his arms. We slow-danced for a while. It was nice. I mean really nice. I could have danced with him like that all day. And then we just started making out. 

"I was so nervous. I kept looking at the windows, the door, the clock. I was worried someone was going to walk in on us. Then he unzipped the back of my dress. Suddenly I didn't care if we got caught. Part of me almost wanted to. It made the whole experience more exciting!"

Shelly glanced downward and noticed Madeline's nipples were rock hard under her bikini. The happy little homemaker was getting really worked up retelling her sexual escapades of the prior day.

"Mmmmmm, I'm so jealous," Shelly purred. But she wasn't. Not in the least. She had fucked Madeline's husband all afternoon -- even texted her own husband Bob during the act, telling him she would be late picking him up at the airport. Traffic was terrible, she had lied, backed up due to an accident on the freeway. In truth, Shelly just wanted to squeeze a couple more orgasms out of her best friend's husband.

"Scott and I had sex last night."

Shelly's nostrils flared with Madeline's sudden, unexpected confession. That was news to her. A twinge of jealousy shadowed her face.

"Oh?" she asked, trying to keep her voice curious. "How was that?"

"It just wasn't--"

"The same?"

"Good. Christ, Shelly, it just wasn't good."

"Ouch," Shelly made her voice sound concerned, but she was hiding a smile behind her wine glass.

"I know. I'm kinda scared. I don't know if Scott has changed or if I have. We just didn't do it for each other last night. Not like we usually do. We just sorta, I don't know ... fucked, ya know? It was just sex, just going through the motions. He had an orgasm, I think, but I didn't."

Shelly made a pouting face, and put a sympathetic hand on Madeline's thigh.

"But the worst part," Madeline paused, unsure if she was about to cry or about to laugh. "The worst part is that I suddenly have all these strange cravings."

"Like what?"

"Penises."

Shelly burst out in laughter, and Madeline laughed, too.

"No, really. Before Scott, I was a virgin. With Dave and Eric, I got a hint of what I might have happened if I hadn't gotten married so quickly out of high school. And now ... I just want more. I want to explore. I want to experience all the different sizes and shapes. I want to touch them, to taste them ... to FEEL them! But damn, I'm married, you know? I can't really do that. I have to get these feelings under control."

"I bet I know what will help."

"You do?"

"Why don't you go see my shrink. I see him once a week. You can take my Friday appointment, tomorrow."

"Really? Shelly, I didn't know you went to see a psychiatrist."

"He's a psychotherapist, that's different. And there are a lot you things you're just learning about me," the sexy blonde replied, giving Madeline a playful wink.

There certainly was. Up until Tuesday night, Madeline had thought Shelly was a happily married woman herself. Sure, she had caught Shelly doing some pretty lewd things with different guys at the nightclub: making out with them, grinding on their thighs -- she'd even caught Shelly giving one guy a blow job under the table. But because Shelly had always come home with her after Girls' Night was done, Madeline figured her BFF was just having a little flirtatious fun.

And then Tuesday night happened. Madeline saw an entirely different side to her best friend. A wild side, deviant and depraved. And Madeline had let Shelly drag her down into the rabbit hole, too. She wasn't sure how far this hole went, but definitely felt herself tumbling deeper and deeper. And she loved it.

Shelly had been fumbling through her purse, and pulled out a business card. She handed it to Madeline.

"Trust me, Madeline, see Nicholas. He'll help you with this little issue. Take my 11am appointment, then let's get together afterwards at Dandelion's for lunch. You can tell me all about it."

*****

"What do you wear to your first appointment with a psychotherapist?" Madeline asked herself, flipping through her wardrobe.

Her first temptation had been a pair of ripped jeans and a casual top. That would be the most comfortable. But then she thought about the office environment. She would likely be sitting in a chair, opposite Dr. Hines. She imagined how she would look from his perspective.

In her mind's eye, she was seated in a chair, opposite his desk. Her hair was curled in big waves, her face dolled up prettily with makeup. She was wearing a dress, sitting with her legs crossed. They were talking back and forth amicably, she and Dr. Nicholas Hines.

As Nicholas started to speak, Madeline uncrossed her legs. Slowly. She shifted her hips and then crossed the opposite leg atop the other. All Basic Instinct and Shannon Stone like.

Nicholas stopped talking, his attention drawn to the opening of her dress. Was she not wearing any panties? When Nicholas looked back up to her face, Madeline's eyebrow was arched, and she was smiling.

Her cell phone vibrated noisily, breaking her reverie. Madeline blinked, her attention coming back to the here and now. She fanned her face with her hand.

"What is wrong with me?" she asked herself.

Madeline looked down at her phone. It was a text message from Shelly.

SHELLY: Good luck today, sweety.

MADDY: I am nervous.

SHELLY: Relax. Be yourself. You're just talking. Be open and honest.

Madeline settled on knee-length, casual frock. It was a party dress, vintage: dark blue with large white polka dots. The dress was a tad retro, sleeveless, with wide straps over the shoulder. A narrow cinch belt allowed the one-piece to accent her curves. With her hair curled and makeup applied, Madeline looked like a sitcom housewife from the 60s. She looked at herself appraisingly in the mirror.

"A little flirty, but mostly reserved. Perfect for someone who has no idea what to expect!"

Madeline paired the dress with a pair of topaz teardrop earrings and her blue, mid-heel sandals. She wrestled with the idea of wearing her wedding rings, sliding them partially off her fingers.

"Don't be silly, Madeline," she told her reflection in the vanity, sliding them back on. "You're not going dancing. This is a psychiatrist visit, not a night out."

She reapplied her favorite lipstick -- Cherry Pie, of course -- grabbed her car keys, and was off to her morning appointment with Dr. Hines.

*****

Nicholas Hines had an office downtown. It was on the third floor of the Morowitz building, across from Doctor's Park. Madeline arrived a few minutes before her appointment, just in case there was paperwork to fill out.

The waiting room was small, but comfortable. There were several chairs and a low coffee table with magazines on it. A receptionist sat at a small desk. She looked up from her computer as Madeline entered.

"Hello. Mrs. Brown, right? Welcome!"

She looked young to Madeline, in her mid-twenties. She had sandy-brown hair, freckles, and greenish eyes. She was plain looking, a bit flat in the chest, but her smile lit up the room. "My name is Katie. Oh, I love your dress. Vintage, so adorable!"

Madeline smiled warmly at her. She liked Katie.

"If you could give me your insurance card, I'll make a quick copy and then bring you back to see Dr. Hines."

Katie had a little card scanning device at the desk. She scanned the card, then handed it back to Madeline. 

"Follow me, won't you, please?" Katie began leading Madeline down a long hallway. There were several side doors down the left side of the hall, and floor to ceiling windows looked out to an adjacent building on her right.

"So many offices," Madeline commented as they passed several closed doorways. "I thought it was just Dr. Hines here at the practice."

"It is. Just Dr. Hines, I mean. These are different therapy rooms, for different client needs. We'll be down here at the last office for your first consult. Dr. Hines is taking a call, but he'll be along shortly."

Katie opened the last office door, and stepped aside for Madeline to enter. It was a moderate sized space, comfortably furnished with a desk, two cushioned chairs, and a couch. The couch had a short narrow back, and a single arm-rest. Madeline supposed that was so a patient could recline their head on one end, and dangle their feet off the other. Freud stuff: "lay down on the couch and tell me about your mother."

"Where should I ..." Madeline's voice draped off, as she turned and noticed Katie had already left, closing the door behind her. "Sit?"

Madeline was still very nervous. She had tried to pry Shelly for details, "What should I expect?"

Shelly wouldn't tell her anything. She only smiled coyly, and told her, "Just talk with him. I imagine every client is different. What he does with you may be very different than what he does with me."

"What does he do with you?" Madeline implored her best friend. She had a hard time believing all they did was talk, not after seeing what a freak Shelly had been Tuesday night with Eric and Dave!

But Shelly made a zipping motion over her lips, and that ended the conversation.

"Mrs. Brown? Welcome! Thank you so much for coming in to see me."

His voice was deep, rich, baritone. It was warm and inviting, putting her slightly more at ease. Madeline turned to face him, and smiled. Nicholas Hines was her height, perhaps an inch taller, ruggedly handsome with a slim physique. He wasn't bald, but nearly so. He had a full head of hair, but it was trimmed very short to his head. He had a stubbly beard and mustache, too, both trimmed shorter than the hairs on his head.

His skin was olive-toned, dark, and she couldn't quite place his ethnicity from the accent. Somewhere Mediterranean, she suspected. His eyes were dark, piercing. Madeline felt like they were already seeing things that she hadn't wanted to reveal. She didn't feel threatened by that. If anything, it made her feel more comfortable.

He was dressed professionally, grey slacks and a pressed, white collared shirt. Madeline looked to his left hand, noticed he wasn't wearing a wedding ring, and then silently admonished herself for looking there in the first place.

"P-please, call me Madeline," she said nervously. Nicholas took her hand in both of his, folding it in a warm handshake.

"Very well, and I am Nicholas. Won't you please sit down? Can I offer you something? Water, coffee, tea?"

"Oh, no thank you," Madeline said, sitting down in the chair Nicholas pointed to. He sat opposite her, not at the desk, and that made her smile. She sat back, crossing her legs.

"Now then," Nicholas said, leaning back, crossing his ankle over a knee. "What brings you in today?"

All those nervous butterflies in Madeline's stomach took flight at once. Her reaction must have been apparent, because Nicholas leaned forward and told her softly, "It's ok. Everything is ok. This is a safe place. Everything you say here is in confidence."

He nodded empathetically, and she nodded back. 

"Ok. Phew. I ... I'm not exactly sure where to start."

"Let's start with why Shelly suggested you take her appointment today," Nick suggested.

"Oh. Oh, yes. Umm, well ... I told Shelly that sex with my husband was suddenly no longer interesting. Worse than that, it just isn't satisfying."

"How long has it been like this?" 

"Really just the past two nights."

Nicholas arched his eyebrows, and Madeline realized how lame that sounded -- she hadn't had good sex for two nights, and that was a crisis large enough for her to go see a shrink?

"Well, I suppose that's not really the issue," Madeline paused. Nicholas said nothing. She wasn't sure how to continue, because she didn't really want to mention Shelly by name. No need to besmirch her reputation to Nicholas, if he didn't already know about her.

"Tuesday night, I went out dancing with one of friends. We do that every Tuesday night. Just us girls. We have a few cocktails, find a couple cute guys to dance with, catch up on girl talk. 

"This time it was different. We met these two guys and found out they had private suite at the hotel. They invited us up and, well, we went. At first, I thought we we're just going up share a few drinks, do some more private dancing -- it was getting pretty crowded in the main club area.

"Well, one thing lead to another, and the next thing I know, my girlfriend and I are having sex with these two guys that we'd really only met that night."

Madeline paused, looking for a reaction from Nick. There was none. He didn't even scribble any notes in his notepad. He just nodded, and encouraged Madeline to continue.

"Only it wasn't just sex. It was the most mind-blowing, toe-curling, intense fucking I've ever had. I lost track of how many orgasms they gave me."

Still Nicholas listened. No judgement, no grunting disapproval. He nodded his head as she spoke, hearing her, letting her explain at her own pace.

"It was the first time I'd ever been with a man who wasn't my husband. And then in one night, I had two different guys, multiple times -- in the bed, in the jacuzzi, on top of a table, out on the patio deck, on the bar. And shit -- I don't even know how many different positions they twisted me in. We just kept fucking each other, over and over, all night long."

She stopped there, slightly out of breath, her eyes sparkling. She wasn't sure what to say next.

"Singular acts of infidelity in the course of a marriage are really not uncommon, as one might otherwise think," Nicholas told her, his voice calm and soothing. "Especially when one partner has had very few prior sexual encounters."

"Oh, but it wasn't a singular act."

"You mean more than just Tuesday night?" 

Madeline nodded earnestly, then explained.

"Apparently, I left my phone at the hotel that night. There in the private suite. The guys got my address and came by my house the next day to drop it off."

Nicholas nodded, "And something more happened then?"

"I spent the rest of the morning and most of the afternoon fucking them. One after the other, often both at the same time. If I thought Tuesday night was mind-blowing, well, it was nothing compared to the next day.

"I just couldn't help myself. I got so turned on by the idea that what we were doing was wrong and that I might get caught. It made everything -- EVERYTHING -- so much more intense."

Nicholas slowly got to his feet. He walked around Madeline's chair, back toward his desk.

"Now, sex with my husband just seems so plain. So ordinary. The last two nights with him haven't even been enjoyable. I think he's trying, but I'm just not into it. I don't even get to an orgasm."

She was talking to an empty chair. Nicholas had disappeared behind her, but she could hear him. It sounded like he had sat down at his desk. She could hear his pencil, scribbling on a notepad.

Nicholas had risen, not so much as to have a better place to write his notes, but so he could rub the bulge at the front of his pants without Madeline seeing him. Her words, the exhilaration in her voice, the wild look in her eye -- she had given him a boner, and he needed to straighten it out before it tented at a painful angle beneath his clothing.

"Madeline," Nicholas spoke softly behind her, rubbing at his crotch. "I want you to close your eyes."

"All right," she did so. 

"Think back to, what was it, Tuesday night?"

Madeline nodded. Behind her, she could hear Nicholas had rose to a standing posting. She relaxed in her chair, letting his soothing voice carry her to a place of comfort and peace.

"Think back to the moment you were in the hotel room with your friend, and the two men you had just picked up. Are you there?"

"Y-Yes," Madeline said, catching her breath.

"Good. Now think back to the exact moment you were aware that you were about to cheat on your husband. The moment when you think it had just moved from playful flirting to a conscious awareness that you were going to do something more. Tell me about that moment."

Madeline squirmed in her seat. This felt a little awkward. She uncrossed her legs, realized belatedly that Nick was no longer across from her to see the act. Oh well, she was no Sharon Stone anyway -- she had decided to wear panties today. She sat up in the chair, eyes still closed, hands on her lap.

"I-I-I was in the bed. Naked. All of us were, at that point. Shel -- I mean, my friend and I had been playing with each other, in the bed, while the guys watched. I guess we were kinda intentionally teasing them.

"The guys, they were fully clothed at first, just watching us. But as my friend and I got more and more into it, they must have taken off their clothes. I wasn't paying a lot of attention to them. My friend had me pinned down on the bed. She was grinding her pussy against mine. I had never felt anything like that before. It was amazing! And she was bringing me closer and closer to having an orgasm. I guess I was kinda crazy with lust in that moment."

If Madeline had opened her eyes and turned to make eye contact with Nicholas just then, she might have been surprised to see the otherwise calm and professional psychotherapist standing beside his desk with his fly down. He was quietly fishing his pole out from his pants, stroking himself.

"But then my friend, she got off the bed -- got off me. She went over to the couch where one of the guys was sitting.

"I was shocked. I thought we had been just putting on a bit of a show for them. I didn't think we were going to do anything with them! I was feeling a little frustrated, too. I mean, I was horny as hell. I just wanted to have an orgasm. I had been so very close."

"It's okay," Nicholas told her, resting his hand on her shoulder. He had come around the front of the desk now, and was standing right beside her. Madeline's face was flushed from the telling. He gently rubbed her back with one hand, while the other stroked the length of his cock. "You're doing great."

Madeline nodded, eyes still closed. She licked her lips.

"I watched as my friend went down on the guy. His cock was so big in her hand. So hard and swollen. He clearly had been stroking it hard while watching us grinding on each other."

Madeline's nipples were hard, poking at the fabric of her bra. She wanted to rub them, but she didn't know were Nicholas was. Had he moved back to the desk behind her? No. She heard him, standing next to her. Damn it. Madeline squirmed.

"At this point, David, he was the other guy, he had gotten up into the bed with me. I was kneeling on it upright, still kinda transfixed by what Shelly was doing to Eric."

'Oh, damn it,' Madeline thought, suddenly realizing she had just blurted out Shelly's name. Fuck. Well, that was certainly going to make her session with Nicholas more interesting at her appointment next week. 'Sorry, honey.'
