 We are sitting on your couch talking and exchanging events and travels of our separate lives. You smile quite often and turn your head and glance back at me with you big beautiful eyes and in the corner of your eyes I see a twinkle that says I'm yours. I lean in to kiss you and you respond with a lustful desire. Our mouths are wet and hot with passion, our tongues wrestle together trying to wrap around one another. I place my hand upon your left swollen breast and start to massage it in a gentle motion of circles and grabbing and releasing, you moan with pleasure. Your hand slips down to rub the outside of my pants and you can feel my hardness, your fingers dance with delight. You slowly stand and grab my hand to motion me to the bedroom. 

I stand, but do not want to go there so fast. I stop you and press you against the wall and begin kissing you again and press my chest hard against your breasts, your gentle sighs tell me that this is pleasing to you. I start to unbutton your blouse, you hesitate and stop me for a moment and then urge me to continue. As I am pulling your pants down you wiggle your legs and help with one of your hands while balancing yourself with you other hand upon my shoulder. I am on my knees and holding your hips, you slowly open your legs and allow me to slide my mouth into your pussy. Gently and slowly I start to lick and suckle your clit. The stiffening in your arms tell me that what I am doing is pleasing to you. Your hips start to roll with me as your back rests against the wall. I can tell by the moans and cries that you are getting closer. My tongue does a dance for you that makes you squirm, you keep calling my name and as I continue to lick that hot sweet mound of yours I can taste the nectar that is starting to flow, your hips are rolling faster and faster until I feel you lurch towards me and with both hands you force my face deeper into you and I taste your cum and it is sweet and hot and flowing..... You pull my head to get me to raise and I respond. I look into your face and see a glow that tells me you were pleased and now you guide me towards your bedroom and sit me upon your bed.

You kneel before me and look into my eyes as you gently, slowly caress my cock with you soft hands. Your eyes leave mine and you lips touch me and you mouth surrounds me and I can feel the heat of your mouth and the wetness of your tongue. Your mouth slides up and down and all around my shaft, sucking, licking kissing while you caress and hold my balls in you other hand. I can feel your breasts against my thighs. I slide my right foot to your pussy and start to rub you with my toes, your wet warm clit feels so soft pressed against my foot. I can't take it much longer and fall back on the bed, I scream baby, this is great, take me further. I am careful not to pull your head down tight, I don't want you to choke, but I would like you to take it all in and you do. You slide your mouth slowly up and down my shaft and gently pressing your teeth against me, not so hard as to hurt me, just enough. I scream, here I cum and explode into your mouth. You suck it all up and then you climb up on me, with my cock still hard, you sit on top and grab me with your hand and guide me in and I can feel myself deep within you.

You are in control, you roll your hips back and forth with up and down motions while I massage your breasts. Your face wrinkles as if your in pain, but you moans and groans tell me this is pleasure. I say to you that this is great and you just smile, a big grinning smile. You arch your back and tilt your head all the way back and this puts me deeper into you and I can tell by your movements that you are close to cumming again,.... you fulfill your pleasure. You just want to lay upon me for the moment and I wrap my arms around you and hold you. While remaining within you, I roll you over on your back. I smile at you and tell you this is great. I start to pump you and fill you with my cock, you tell me it hurts so much but feels so good and to keep going. I am holding my body above yours with my arms and pumping and grinding and now I am getting close, with each and every thrust I feel as if I could explode, but I hold back, I want it to last for awhile........a few more strokes and I can hold off no longer, I have to let it go and you tell me you are cumming too. With each and every lurch I dig my toes into the bed to get better penetration, I wrap my arms around you and hold you tight, my whole body is twitching and I am throbbing within you. I can feel you quivering as your arms are wrapped around me and your legs are wrapped tightly and squeezing me ever so softly. I whisper into your ear, you were wonderful.....