 I can see your cock through your trousers. You're telling me to come closer and as I crawl towards you I see your cock twitching and growing. I unzip your pants and pull it down to free your cock. I'm touching your magnificent rod in my tiny hands, I slowly stroke and feel the soft skin rubbing against my palms. I put my thumb on the tip of your cock and gently rub it. I see your cock growing and see veins emerging to help you become big and hard. I put one hand under your balls, feeling the elastic skin flow through my fingers while I keep stroking the base of your cock. I stick out my tongue and gently lick the tip of your cock, getting a good sweet taste on the tip of my tongue from your delicious pre cum.

I keep stroking your cock, and when you look me in my eyes, you'll see a starving bitch, incredibly horny looking straight at you, ready to devour your cock. I kiss the tip of your cock and turn your cock so my tongue can lick it all the way from the top to the bottom. Once I arrive at the bottom I take your balls in my mouth and massage it with my tongue, feeling the soft skin of your balls between my teeth. While taking a good view of your greatness, I keep licking you up and down along your rod. I taste your cock on my tongue's taste buds and fall into a trance. At this point all that matters is your cock, and nothing will get in between your big plaything and me now.

My lips... wrapped around your cock... mmmm. I just couldn't wait to get your cock inside my slutty mouth, sucking it gently... moving my head up and down on your cock and trying to get it deeper inside me. I try to keep my tongue working around the tip of your cock while I'm eagerly sucking you. I want to make you feel so good, and have you call me a good girl. Just look at me sucking you like a hungry bitch... I'm looking you in the eyes and just keep working on your cock like a vacuum, trying to suck every drip of cum from your cock. 

 

I feel your cock pulsing and growing in my mouth... becoming bigger and bigger, the sensation of your cock's skin on my lips and on my tongue feels wonderful. Tasting everything of your most intimate body part, while trying to make you come for me. I really want your cum, so badly... some call me a cumslut... and they are right because I just fucking love cum. I love the taste and having your cock in my mouth only makes me more hungry to receive what I want... If I need to deepthroat your cock like a dirty slut to get your cum, I will love to do just that. Taking you in deep inside my mouth, gagging on your beautiful cock. 

You tell me that you're close to cumming. As a good little bitch I will suck you really fast and hard. But when you're cumming I want to get it all over my face like a proper cumslut. You tower over me, stroking your cock, ready to blow the most delicious load on my slutty face... mmmm, I just can't wait to get a taste of your cum... I stick out my tongue and I'm so fucking ready. Right now you see me kneeling in front of you, I'm looking up to you with hungry and horny eyes while sticking my tongue out like a hungry bitch waiting to get the reward that I'm craving so badly.

mmmmmm... You're cumming all over me now... I watch the cum fly from your cock towards me... getting loads of cum on my face and in my mouth. I lick the cum around my mouth wherever my tongue can reach. Feeling the sticky cum on my face and in my mouth feels so good... the smell reeks of sex, which keeps me so fucking horny... I'm not swallowing your cum yet because I want to taste every bit of it... I'm loving it... And gargling the cum in my mouth, spreading the delicious taste and showing it to you with a smile on my face so you can call me a good girl. Being called a good girl is what makes me a very happy cumslut!