 It was the end of season, the summer was nearly over but it was still warm for the time of the year. The company had had a good year and was holding a celebration dance at the hotel. It was getting late and the people were beginning to leave. It had been an enjoyable evening.

You looked wonderful in the black dress you were wearing, your hair was cut short, allowing me to look upon a beautiful face, your graceful arms were bare and the laughter that you had was most enchanting. As it was a company evening I was in an Armani dark suit, white shirt and silk tie. 

I asked if you wanted to leave and you suggested a midnight stroll along the seashore. So we left the hotel and took the short walk to the beach. The sand was soft under foot, making it difficult for you to walk in your shoes. I offered the support of my shoulders, as you leant down to take your shoes off. Passing your shoes to me, you said.

"I'll won't be needing these as well" 

And with that you lifted your dress, to display a slender pair of legs, clad in stockings. You proceed to roll them slowly down your legs. I removed my shoes and socks, and rolled up my trousers to my knees. The stockings I placed in my pocket.

"Ok I'm ready lets go" you said with a smile on your face.

I handed you back your shoes for you to carry as I had mine in my hand. I placed my arms around your waist, and we set off towards the water edge. I caught the scent of your perfume from your neck on the gentle breeze.

"You smell divine tonight" 

"Thank you" you replied

I leaned towards you and place a soft kiss on your neck.

"mmmm" was your response

With the water lapping at our feet we walked along the seashore, further away from the hotel. The Moon was full and casting shadows on the beach. There only the two of us, no one else was about.

I suddenly reached down to pick you up and made to throw you in to the water.

"Oh no you don't!" you screamed and raised your arms to hit me on my chest. I ducked and you missed me, your shoes went flying out in to the sea.

"Oh No!"

"Fear not fair maiden" I said as I put you back down on your feet. Having noticed where they had landed in the water, I waded out to retrieve them. As I bent down to pick them up, a wave crashes over my back. soaking my suit.

I heard you laughing from the water edge. You were trying to hide it behind your hand. It was such a delightful laugh. I started to laugh with you. I made my way back to you, drenched, and handed back to you. your shoes.

"What do we do now, build a camp fire, to dry off?" I asked.

"Yes, a good idea, there's some driftwood over there" with that you pointed towards the dunes. 

Collecting the dry wood, we walked towards the dunes. Pretty soon we had a campfire going, and were sitting side by side.

"This is really cosy" you whispered

"This is cosy, but I'm soaked," I said sitting next to you, beside the fire.

"Is that steam coming off you?" you asked

"Yes, afraid so" I replied, as I peeled off my jacket and laying it by the fire.

"You had better get them dried off" 

I undid my tie; my shirt and they followed the jacket.

"Would you mind turning round, while I remove my trousers?"

"Not at all" you said as you turned your back to me.

I quickly unzipped them, and pulled them off, as I did, I catch you having a quick look at me. I kept my shorts on for modesty.

"I hope you're keeping warm?" you asked.

"Yes I am, and you can turn round now"

"The fire is beautiful," you said, as you turned back towards me

"And so are you" I replied, as I looked in to your eyes.

I reached for your hand, you took it and I pulled you closer to me. As I wrapped my arms around you, I kissed you gently on your lips. 

I started to stroke your back with my fingertips "mmmm, that's feels nice" you said, as we pull away

I felt for the zip at the back of your dress, and slowly pulled it down; you reached up to your shoulders, and peeled off your dress, letting it drop to your waist. I watched you, as it slid down yours arms. Your petite breasts enclosed in a black lacy bra, glistened in the firelight. The soft breeze caused your nipples to become erect.

"Do you like what you see?" you asked

"Yes I do" I replied.

"You are very beautiful"

"Would you like to see some more?" You asked shyly.

"Only if you want me to" 

You stood up and let your dress drop to the sand. To me, you became the vision of Venus, standing there, with the moon behind you, and the glow of the fire, enhancing your beauty. I looked up at you; your tanned body glistened with the heat from the fire. Sweat formed between your breasts. A droplet ran down your stomach, stopping when it reached the edging of your thong.

You sat back down beside me, and reached for my hands. I allowed you to take them; you then placed them on your breasts and leant forward, this time you placed a kiss on my lips. We laid down on the sand together, side by side, looking in to each other's eyes. I let go of your breasts, and started to softly stroke your sides, as you turned towards me. Spoken words now had no meaning, nor was there any need for them. Your body quivered as I touched you. Wrapping our arms around each other, we moved closer. 

I released the catch on your bra, allowing your breasts to fall free. Sliding the lace covering over your arms. I kissed your sweet lips again. Following the bra with my mouth, I planted kisses along your neck and shoulders. You reached for my chest and placed your hands upon it. 

I wondered if you were going to push me away, but soon realised that my fears of rejections were unfounded, as you started to brush your hands against my nipples. I lowered my head towards your breasts, and gently suckled upon them, drawing your nipple between my lips. One of my hands continued to dance softly on your back, as the other cupped your breast, gently squeezing it. Your nipple grew erect between my fingers; the other enjoyed the sensation of my tongue flicking upon it.

You uttered soft moans of delight, as I continued to feast upon your nipple. Your hand slid lower over my stomach, only stopping when you reached my shorts. You placed you arms around to my back and pulled me even closer to you, so close, that you could feel my growing manhood against you.

I rolled over on to my back, pulling you with me, so that you were above me. We kissed again, this time our tongues darted together, touching and tasting each other. You slid your body down mine. Kissing and licking my neck, and then my chest. You stop poised above my nipples, not sure what to do next. And then with your mind made up, you lower your head and started to suck hard upon them, taking each one in turn. Gently nibbling on them, letting me feel your teeth upon them. Then it was my turn to murmur sounds of delight.

I reached down to your back and gently stroked it, feeling the soft skin, beneath my fingers. You moved your body lower, replacing your mouth with your hands on my nipples. Rubbing them with your fingers and thumbs. Your tongue dips in to my navel and then you sucked upon it. You ran your fingers down my body, taking hold of my shorts, you then started to lower them, inch by inch, with each inch of my flesh exposed, you placed as kiss, till finally my manhood came in to view. 

You lifted your head, and looked in to my eyes. The desire that I saw in yours was returned in mine. You lowered your head, and placed a kiss upon my manhood. I reached down to your arms and gently pulled you back up to me. Taking hold of your hips, I turned you around, so your sex was above my mouth, still encased in the black lace covering. You lowered your self on to my tongue as it sought the sweet juices. Lowering my hands to cup the cheeks of your bottom, I started to lick between your heavenly lips, poking my tongue though the thin material, tasting your juices as it soaked in to the lace.

You leant yourself forward and push down my shorts. Taking hold of my manhood with one hand, you placed it between your lips and proceeded to suck on it. With the other hand you reached for my balls, and gently squeezed them, rolling them in your hand.

I slid my hands back up your back and reached for your breasts, massaging them. The lace was soaked with my saliva and your juices, so I gripped the thin material with my teeth and moved it to one side exposing your sweet sex to the night air. With your sex now displayed, I continued to lick between your lips, sucking upon your clitoris, 

You wrapped your tongue around my harden manhood, and proceed to lower and raise your head, taking as much of my manhood in to your mouth as you could. Your mouth was so warm and wet, so inviting. I could feel your teeth as they gently gripped my manhood, as you draw then up and down. More murmuring of delights escaped my lips.

As my tongue licked faster and probed between your sex, you started to push back; Moans of pleasure were issued from you. You lifted your self up and turn yourself around, so you were facing me. Spreading your legs so you were kneeling over me, you then looked into my eyes as you impaled yourself on my manhood, bracing yourself by holding on to my shoulders, you lowered yourself slowly. I reached up to your hips to support you, as you take more and more of my manhood, deep in to you. When you finally came to a stop, my manhood was fully enclosed deep within your moist, warm, tight sex. 

It was a truly heavenly feeling for both of us. 

You raised your hips till just the head of manhood was still in you, and then you lowered yourself again. You repeated the movements slowly till you felt a glow of excitement within you, and then you started to moved faster, building up a steady rhythm, 


I raised my hands to cup your breasts and squeezed them gently as you thrust harder upon me. The feeling of your tight sex, upon my manhood was one of total wonder, a feeling that can not be expressed in words. I looked in to your eyes and saw that they were becoming glazed as the moment of orgasm approached. You thrust harder and faster, filling your sex with my manhood, Your sweat glistened even more in the moonlight. You moved your hands lower on my chest till you reached my nipples. You pinched them hard, as I rubbed yours in return. 

I could not explain the feelings that were building up within me; I wasn't far from the release that my body was seeking from the pleasure we gave each other. From the sounds you were making, it would seem that you were close to the edge as well. 

I could see that you were beginning to tire, the thrusting was getting slower. I released your breasts and took hold of your hips again.

"Hold on my love." I whispered, as I lifted you from my manhood.

Laying you back down on the sand, I turned you over, so you were on you hands and knees. Kneeling behind you, I slowly entered your wet sex, slowly pushing my manhood deeper and deeper, until my balls were brushing against you.

You pushed against me, using your hands in the sand. Leaning over you, I cupped your breasts, as I pulled back, leaving the head, just inside you. I slowly pushed back in to you. Your hips moved back to meet me, and then our movements were as one. Together we thrust at each other, harder, deeper and faster, building up the rhythm, harder deeper, faster.

Our bodies was now a blur, the moment was coming for both of us. 

The blinding lights arrived for both of us at the same time, as I released myself into you. Your body shuddered in ecstasy, and your juices poured from you. 

You fell forward on the sand, quivering, leaving my manhood in the air. With nothing to hold on to, I fell beside you. 

The feeling emanating from our bodies was one of love and contentment. I lifted my head, to see that the sand had stuck to the sweat on our bodies. Your body was still quivering and I put my arm around you and held you tightly as the last convulsions of your orgasm subsided. 

There, we lay in the sand, arms in arms, softly stroking each other, the feeling of closeness, bathing in the afterglow of our union. Together we watched the stars above us. The moon started it journey down as the sun began to rise, bringing with it, the dawning of a new day. The first rays lit your face, and with them, it captured your smile. The dying embers of the fire were twinkling out. We never noticed it turning cooler, as the warmth from our bodies was shared.

My clothes were dry, but I felt so comfortable with you, I didn't want to move. I wanted to stay there with you. I turned and kissed you on the forehead and then the lips, my mouth uttered three words.

"I love you."