 I saw her as the tour group came past. She was at the end, almost detached from it, wandering without really looking at anything. It was a hot day, still, a typical summer Rome day where everything is hot and you feel breathless just sitting down. Which was what I was doing, just next to the Temple of Vesta in the Forum. I'd done the Colosseum in the morning, had pizza for lunch, and had promised myself a gelato once I had ticked off the Forum in the afternoon. I rather fancied melone and limone, two of my favourites, cool and fresh, just perfect for the midday heat. 

I was perched on a large boulder to the side of a little piazza. There was an old olive tree above me, offering the shade of its large outspread branches. The Forum was very busy, it was peak tourist season and there were groups everywhere being led by their flag waving leaders. Most had microphones fixed around their heads, which fed into earphones worn by their customers, so the place was fairly quiet despite the multitudes. 

The group slowly made its way up the flight of steps which lead to the temple. Their leader was talking to them through their headphones so most had the glazed look of the information-overloaded. Their eyes darted back and forward, but their shoulders were slumped. It was too hot to be doing this. They were probably off a cruise ship so had a strict itinerary they had to stick to. 

The woman drifted off the back of the group and sauntered over to the piazza where I was sitting. I was taking a swig from a bottle of iced water I had bought from a street vendor, but I got a good look at her. She was gorgeous. Very pretty face, long dark hair, slim but shapely body, and she was wearing a lovely summer dress which hugged her figure and billowed out around her knees. She was the sort of woman who skipped rather than walked, which gave the impression she didn't weigh anything, that she was floating. 

She floated over to a wooden bench and sat down. I watched her through my sunglasses. She raised one hand and wiped the back of it across her forehead. 

"Hot," I said. 

She slowly turned her head and looked at me. 

"How's the tour going?" I said. 

She remained for some moments just looking at me. I felt I was being examined. 

Then she sat up straight.

"I'd rather be fucking," she said. And still staring me in the eyes, she produced a small and well controlled smile. 

I didn't say anything. I just stared back at her. 

"It's the heat," she said. "And all these columns." She gesticulated with her arm at the surroundings. "It has an effect on a girl." 

Still I said nothing. I wasn't quite sure how this conversation was supposed to go.

"Oh well," she said, with a sigh. "Another time perhaps?" And she stood up. 

I watched her as she turned and took a step away from me.

"Wait," I heard my voice saying. She stopped and turned to face me again. We stood and stared at each other. The breeze blew her dress around her legs, and her hair across her face.

I took off my sunglasses. 

She raised a hand and brushed her hair out of her eyes. 

"Kolbe Hotel," she said. "Room 315." 

"Where's that?" I said. 

She raised her arm and pointed. "Over there. You can see the roof. Via di San Teodoro. There's a path over there." 

She came over to me and took my hand. "Thank you," she said. And with that, she walked away, dropping the tourist headset on the ground. "10 minutes," she called back at me over her shoulder. I watched her skip away. 

Kolbe Hotel was impressive. The sign indicated it was four star, and the notice at reception said 'Charming luxury hotel just steps from the Roman Forum.' I took the lift to the third floor, the luxury suites, and walked along the red carpeted corridor to Room 315. My heart was racing, it was either nerves or excitement, or both. I knocked gently. 

The door opened slowly. The woman was standing behind it, holding it half open. She was leaning on the door with a smile on her face.

"I wasn't sure you'd come," she said. She was still wearing the same dress, and she saw me look her up and down.

"I haven't showered yet," she said. I put my hand on the door and pushed it open. She stood back, and I walked in. 

"Don't," I said. I took the door in my hand and pushed it shut behind me. It closed with a sigh and a click. 

"I need to freshen up," she said.

I took her hand in mine, and lifted it up to my face. I kissed the back of it very gently.

"I prefer the smell and taste of you, not soap," I said. I pulled her towards me and kissed her on the mouth, a long, deep, wet passionate kiss. She pushed her hips into mine, and found my erection. She moaned. 

When we both ran out of air she pulled away and immediately her hands went to my belt and started to undo it. She was breathing heavily and she had an urgency about her. She looked me in the eyes. 

"I need you in my mouth," she said. Then she lowered herself to her knees, at the same time opening my trousers and pulling them to the ground. She stopped for a moment to inspect the bulge in my underwear, she put her hand on my cock and squeezed it, then she pulled my boxers down and watched as my cock sprung forward. She gasped, and smiled up at me, then without any hesitation she opened her mouth and took my cock in, slowly and in one movement, until I was as far in as I could get. I heard her moan, a deep, accepting, wanting moan which told me she was a woman who needed cock and found great pleasure in it. She remained still for a few seconds, just feeling my hardness in her mouth, then she moved her head backwards and started to suck me gently as I went in and out of her. The feeling was sensational, wet and hot, and soon she started to use her tongue to lick around the head of my cock as she sucked.

I looked down. She was squatting on her haunches, with her dress pulled up over her knees, which afforded me a glimpse between her legs. She was wearing white lacy knickers, and because of her position they were pulled tight into her pussy. I could see no hair which meant she was probably shaved down there. I closed my eyes as her sucking motion caused an intensity of feeling in my cock, god it was good, so good, my cock was really throbbing now. 

Then suddenly the feeling stopped. She let my cock slip out of her mouth and she sat back to look at it closely. She was smiling, and she ran her finger along the shaft and over the head and around the underside. She took my balls in her hand and squeezed. She squeezed hard. And harder still. My cock responded by throbbing even more, and standing more upright. 

She looked up at me. "Right now," she said, "my pussy is wet and needs a fucking. Will you oblige?" I smiled and nodded. 

She stood up and wrapped her hand around my cock. 

"God that feels good. Hard and thick. Over here." I tried to move with her as she made for the bedroom, but I almost tripped. My trousers were still tangled around my feet. "Oops!" she said, laughing. "Let's get you undressed." And she stood there, undoing all my clothes and taking them off. She was still fully dressed. I tried to undo her dress at the back but she pushed my hand away. "All in good time," she said. 

She finally pulled my shirt off, and she stood back and looked me up and down. She smiled, and kissed me on the mouth. Then she kissed me on my nipples, biting each one just a little too hard, then she kissed me right down my stomach and ran her tongue down onto my cock. She took me in her mouth again, had a quick suck, and then stood up. She licked her lips.

"You'll do!" she said. "Now come and fuck me."

She was still holding my cock, and she made to lead me off like a dog on a lead when she stopped again. 

"But before we do..." she said. She dropped my cock, leant down, put her hands under her skirt, and unceremoniously pulled her knickers off. She stood up and held up her knickers like a trophy. They were wonderful. White, mostly lacy see-through material, with a full white cotton gusset that I knew had been snuggled into her pussy all day in the heat of a Rome summer. I really wanted to smell those knickers.

"You said you liked the smell of me, not soap. Is that right?" she asked, almost in a whisper.

"Yes," I said, "that's right."

"So you'd like to smell these then? Isn't that right?"

"Yes," I said. 

"They'll smell of me, won't they?" she said, looking inside the knickers.

"Yes," I said.

"Especially this part?" she said, holding the knickers open so I could see the crotch. She had it stretched between the fingers on one hand. Her other hand she returned to my cock, which she squeezed hard. 

"In a minute or two you're going to have this cock inside my pussy, aren't you?" she said. 

"Hopefully," I said. She smiled.

"Are you sure my pussy is ready for your cock?"

She was looking at me, smiling. "You said it was," I said. 

"Did I? And you're going to believe me are you?" she said. I nodded. "Shouldn't you check for yourself? You're the man after all." 

I didn't know what to say. I couldn't think, she was giving my cock little squeezes as she spoke and my mind was completely distracted by this. 

"I tell you what," she said, "why don't you do a double check? See if you like how I smell, and see if my pussy is ready for your cock. All at the same time. What do you think?"

As I opened my mouth to reply to her, she moved forward towards me. She dropped my cock, took my hand, then she leant me down and pushed my hand underneath the hem of her dress. The she stood up, bringing my hand with me. Then all in one movement she pushed my hand between her legs with one hand and covered my face with her knickers with the other hand. 

Oh my god, what heaven! My left hand immediately felt the hot wet stickiness of her pussy as my nose buried itself in the strong, delicious musty smell contained in her knickers. I breathed in deeply, my cock hardened, I pushed a finger up into her pussy, it slid in easily and was enveloped in her wet engorged lips, she was soaked, and her smell was divine and strong and made my cock throb and throb. She pushed my hand up into herself, and smothered my face with her knickers. It seemed to go on for ages, but it was probably only seconds, then without any warning she suddenly pulled away and dashed across the room into the bedroom.

"Come on, lovely man, come and fuck me," she said, laughing. 

I needed no further encouragement. By the time I was at the door of the bedroom she had her dress off, and she was lying on the bed with her legs wide apart. She still had her bra on, it was a matching twin of her knickers, white and lacy and see-through. It could stay on as far as I was concerned. 

She had her arms wrapped around her knees, which had the effect of pulling her legs far apart. Her pussy was on full display, its lips were open and wet and glistening. 

"Get that cock in there," she said, with huge grin on her face. "Fuck me, oh fuck me!"

Just below her pussy I could see the beautiful round bud of her ass. For a moment I wondered how many times that opening had known cock, but I put that out of my mind and positioned myself. She was again breathing fast and heavily, and her eyes had become sparkly and alive. Almost a challenge in them. 

I moved forward. My cock was throbbing in that way you only get once in a while, it is so full and erect it is almost painful. It desperately needs relief. You can feel it throbbing, you can feel the blood pumping. The heart must be working overtime for this. 

I placed the head of my cock just at the opening of her pussy. She was watching intently, she watched me approach, she watched my cock find its way to her opening, and just as I was about to enter, she put her hand on my chest and stopped me. 

"I want it hard and fast. You go in hard, fuck me hard, you understand?" She peered intently into my eyes. "You understand?"

I didn't reply to her. I raised myself onto my legs and it one long, hard thrust, I buried my cock in her, I went on and on until I could go no further. My cock disappeared inch by inch, deeper and deeper it went. I watched it open her up, her pussy lips open to receive me, she was so wet and ready there was no resistance at all. Her pussy took my cock and swallowed it up.

She screamed. She screamed the moment my cock entered her, she screamed as I slid further and further into her, she screamed as my cock opened her pussy lips and rammed into her. She screamed 'yes' over and over again, 'yes', she screamed, 'yes' and she continued to scream and growl 'yes' as I began to pump, in and out, in and out, hard, fast thrusts, in and out, in and out. She pulled her legs back as hard as she could so her pussy was pushed forward even more, she wanted her pussy fucked and now she was getting it. 

I pumped at her. She tried to push back but she didn't have any traction so she gave up and lay there, receiving my cock over and over and over again. At times I managed to almost pull my cock out of her, but always I didn't and I fell forward, the whole weight of my body thrusting my cock back into her pussy. I went in hard and she loved it.

So we fucked. This woman who I had met only a little while ago was taking my cock again and again. We fucked. In and out I went, in and out, and she screamed along loving every thrust of it. 

Then I could sense a change coming. Her breathing became faster, she became quieter, her screams were not as intense as before. It felt that she was withdrawing into herself. I knew what that meant. It meant she was building towards an orgasm, a climax. I decided to give her a hand, or more precisely, a finger.

I continued to fuck her, keeping my thrusts regular but little by little increasing the tempo. My thrusts became faster. At the same time I worked my hand round her bottom and ran my fingers along between her legs. It didn't take long to find what I wanted - her ass hole. She clenched her muscles the moment my finger touched her there, but she soon relaxed and I started to play my fingers around her button. She was very wet there from all the juices coming from her pussy, so as I circled her there I slowly applied a little pressure and pushed in. My finger went in a tiny bit, barely noticable with everything else going on. But I was now prepared.

The fucking went on. She was moaning and groaning, it was just a long unending sound coming from somewhere inside. She had her eyes closed, and I could see one tear in the corner of one of her eyes. Then her breathing suddenly quickened, and the noise from her throat grew in sound and in pitch. I was fucking her now at a regular speed, long deep thrusts that rubbed against her clitoris as they went in. I sensed her time was near. I decided my time was near too, so as I pulled away and went down on her for another thrust I pushed my finger into her ass, right up to the first knuckle, all in one movement. She jerked violently, her eyes opened and she stared at me, she clasped her knees even more tightly, and then with one long scream of release she exploded in orgasm. She was uncontrollable, her whole body spasmed and shook, she groaned and rocked and cried out and in the midst of one of her waves of climax, I took my orgasm and emptied myself into her, pumping, pumping, pumping my seed into her. I kept my finger in her ass until her orgasm died down when I quietly slipped it out.

We slowly came down from our orgasms, untangled each other, then lay down together on the bed. We had no words, there are no words for moments like that, a good fucking is well beyond words in its ability to communicate something deep between two people. She had turned her back on me and was snuggled up, foetus-like, into me. I had my arms wrapped around her. She was wet and hot and shaky, but she was able to turn her head and kiss me on the forehead. Then she fell asleep. 

I lay there for a while watching the window curtains blowing in the afternoon breeze. I could hear the sounds coming from the streets outside - cars, motorbikes, police sirens, voices chattering, birds, the ebb and flow of traffic, street vendors, buses, trams. It was still hot outside. It was hot inside too, but it was a different heat, an animal heat generated by two people fucking, fucking, fucking. I looked down at the woman in my arms, fast asleep and breathing gently. She was beautiful in her nakedness, and I smiled at the memory of what we had just done. I wondered for a moment who she was. I bent down to kiss her on the shoulder, and realised, with a shake of my head, that I didn't even know her name.