 The club was really busy. The music seemed louder and angrier tonight, there was a buzz of sex and excitement in the air. The men at the bar were in groups, red-faced, laughing and eyeing up the young girls who moved from table to bar, trying to pick up parties. And there was a constant coupling up, a steady stream of pert buttocks jiggling up the stairs to the booths, while on the stage, girl after beautiful girl would dance and swing and toss aside sparkling g-strings, bending over to touch toes as if to really point out - this, this glistening pussy is what you've all come for tonight.

And then out of the crowd, there was Kelly, skipping up to me, smiling broadly, her hair shining in the strobe lights. She grabbed my arm and leant in to kiss my cheek, her familiar perfume washing over me.

"Hi gorgeous", she said, her hand running down my side to sneakily pinch my bum.

"Kelly..." I murmured, "It's so great to see you... I..."

"This is Stella!" Kelly interrupted, staggering back from me a bit, "this is my bezzy mate, Stella!" She was putting on a funny accent and I realised she was a bit drunk. A slim redheaded girl stepped from behind Kelly, smiling at me. She had a thin face, bobbed hair, and was wearing a black basque and stockings, that somehow contrived to not look tarty, but actually very classy. She mouthed "Hi" over the music.

I looked at Kelly, who was rubbing Stella's arm, and then she leant in to kiss her on the cheek. Her eyes were darting everywhere, she seemed skittish, if anything a little nervous. She looked beautiful of course, a blue dress clung to her body, cut low so her cleavage almost fell out, and a split ran up high, almost to her hip.

"Have you had a good evening?" I asked, but they didn't hear me, they smiled and Kelly asked if I was going to get them a drink. We pushed through the crowd to the bar, and just as I was reaching for my wallet Kelly brought her face close to my ear "two rum and cokes darling..." I caught the scent of alcohol on her breath, "will you fuck me later?" she giggled.

I looked back at her, suddenly joyful and turned on, "Oh yes, you bet..." I reached out to pull her to me and kissed her cheek, "I'm wearing your thong..."

She looked quizzical, "what do you mean darling?"

"You remember," I said, "You left me your thong last time..."

"Oh yes," and she laughed, but I wasn't sure she did remember; then our drinks were ready and the moment went, Kelly was saying something to Stella, the music was pounding and I felt a little disorientated; I'd been waiting to see her for so long it seemed, and had been hoping to pick up immediately the closeness I'd felt last time, but Kelly seemed distracted and the club suddenly seemed a boisterous place, a place I wasn't sure of. Worryingly, maybe I wasn't sure of Kelly either.

Then she turned round to me, "so honey, I have to go and work!" She was rubbing my arm, her eyes already looking elsewhere. "but Stella will dance for you, she's gorgeous..." and then Kelly was back, her voice the soft, cheeky one I remembered "but you keep your hands off her, it's only me you can fondle in here..." And with a kiss on my cheek she was gone, her buttocks shaking through the blue dress, her blonde hair swishing into the crowd.

Stella stood before me, "so, wanna go upstairs?"

Looking back, it was a strange night, and perhaps the beginning of all the trouble and adventure that was to come. Stella and I went upstairs and in the booth she danced for me. She was a slim girl, much slimmer than Kelly, with small breasts, high on her chest, the flattest of stomachs, with stretched belly button, and an even thinner strip of pubic hair. Where Kelly was slow, thoughtfully erotic in her dancing, Stella was more sprightly, and moved from flexing her thin body on the floor in front of me to quickly pressing her small bottom to my groin, then twisting her body round to embrace me, her hands running briskly down my side, over my cock, which I admit hardened pretty quickly. As much as Kelly had caught me, I was still susceptible to a tight naked body.

And Stella had a bit of Kelly's cheekiness, if a little more sarcastic and knowing. I could see why Kelly liked her, she was open and honest, matter-of-factly dirty, telling me she liked sex and how if she danced for " a hunky man" she got wet and would nip to the toilets afterwards to frig herself silly. She also revealed Kelly had talked about me, and Stella's hand searched out my erection to confirm the size of it that Kelly had apparently boasted about.

"She said you gave her one of the best fucks she'd ever had..."

"Same for me..." I replied.

"She's a great girl that one" said Stella. "I'd do anything for her. She's had some tough times, but she keeps smiling."

I wondered what she meant, and wanted even more to see Kelly and talk to her. Nice as Stella was, and her writhing body and strong thighs were growing on me, we didn't hit it off the same way. But after returning downstairs, I only had glimpses of Kelly, I saw her once on the stage, where she was wonderful of course, but again her eyes seemed all over the place, and her bum shuddered as she occasionally bumped the pole a bit heavily by accident, as she bent to let her breasts fall forward. Then other times she was leading some lucky guy upstairs, and I wondered why she couldn't seek me out for a dance. I began to spend my money on drinks, not dancing with any other girls, just watching from the sides.

Time passed, I was getting drunk, I wandered about, I saw Stella, had a brief chat, eyed her body admiringly, and she smiled back, took my hand to a downstairs booth and gave me a free dance, memorable for the moment she briefly glanced about, then licked her finger, pushed it between her legs, curled it and brought it up to touch my lips, giving me the scent of her pussy right there.

At gone 2, finally, Kelly found me sitting at a table. She put her hands on it to balance herself, brushing her hair from her eyes.

"So, I hope you're still full of energy big boy" she said, "Stella is joining us..."

So that's how I found myself back at the hotel lying on my back on the bed with two girls bent over my cock. Letting them into my hotel room I had been nervous, excited, and actually a little confused; Kelly and I had barely spoken and I sort of just wanted to be with her; maybe it was all just a sex thing after all and as I thought about Stella dancing for me in the club, I figured I should make the most of this. Kelly had begun to undress me, laughing at the red thong of hers I was wearing, pushed aside already by my erection. She called out to Stella to get a look, who also laughed and watched Kelly drag the thong off me roughly, flinging it aside.

Then Kelly pushed me down onto the bed, pulling off her clothes and clambering after me, hand grabbing my cock and directing it into her mouth. As she sucked me vigorously I watched Stella step out of her clothes - she'd removed the basque from the club and was wearing a pale lacy bra and similar thong. She came over to the bed smiling, and as Kelly beckoned her, brought her lips down to where Kelly's mouth was. Stella kissed my shaft while Kelly raised her mouth to tongue the tip of my penis, dipping it painfully into the eye, dribbling her saliva over my glans. Kelly's lipstick was smudged across her cheek, her closed eyes were heavily shadowed and she was licking me crazily, like an animal. Stella brought her mouth up, tongue extending so it swirled over me and around Kelly's tongue and my penis was alive with sensation, with their tickling, stroking tongues. Kelly's hand was rubbing my inner thigh, her finger seeking out my arse.

I was afraid of coming too soon, of it all being too much, so sat up, grabbing Kelly and bringing her to me to kiss her deeply on the lips. She kissed strongly back and then reaching down held my penis, pulling it from Stella's mouth. She then lifted her body over me and sat back down, my penis running up her inner thigh and easily sliding between her wet lips, driving up into her as she pushed down on me. She groaned, pushing my chest down so I was flat on my back again, and began to pump her buttocks up and down on me, penis sliding in and out, our skin slapping against each other. Stella sat by us watching, her hands on Kelly's thigh and my stomach, her eyes looking down to where Kelly and my body joined at the abdomen, my penis shaft briefly visible diving into her pussy. Kelly was really bouncing up and down, and making lots of noise, "oh yes, oh yes, oh fuck, oh fuck!"

"You go girl!" laughed Stella.

"Oh fuck, I wanna come!" gasped Kelly, pounding her body down on me. It was a bit rough to be honest and I just had to lie there and take it, my urgency had faded and I felt myself a bit like a pole she could fuck against, though that had a certain appeal. She continued to bounce but wasn't coming and then leant forward, sighing, "oh I need a break..." As she kissed me she pulled herself off my cock, and it jutted up from my groin, slick with her juices.

Kelly rolled off me to my side, and said to Stella "You have a go..."

"Are you sure Kel?" said Stella, her hand idly reaching for my penis and examining its length.

"You really should..."Kelly looked at me, "You don't mind do you? I'd like her to feel your cock inside her..."

I looked at Kelly, trying to see the sweet girl I knew was there inside the wanton crazy woman she was tonight. "No, I don't mind..." I said, laughing nervously, seeing Stella slip off her thong and move closer. "If you don't..."

Stella unhooked her bra, revealing her pert breasts, and then peeled off her thong. She had a small triangle of ginger pubic hair, short and neat. I could see the crease clearly between her legs, even more so as she curled a finger between her labia, gently circling her clit, as she moved to me. She lifted a slim leg over me, her hand reaching down to grasp my penis and hold it still while she lowered herself onto me. I looked at her flat abdomen, saw the split of her vulva widen over the red glans of my penis and then she pushed down, her wetness covering me and I felt my penis burrow into her. She was lighter in body than Kelly, maybe a bit tighter, she felt different, not particularly more amazing, just different. The eroticism of the situation, a new slim girl riding me, and Kelly lying next to me, voluptuously draped over me, her hand rubbing my stomach, kissing my neck, it was something else...

Stella began to get a rhythm going, her hands rested on my chest to support herself, and she worked that small rump of hers, up and down my cock. As with her dancing in the club she was faster than Kelly, she slid up and down swiftly, my penis painfully taking each scoop of her vulva. She was gasping with it, "oh fuck, yes, that's fucking amazing, that feels fucking amazing!"

I was jerking my groin upwards, I could hear the bed creaking as we jumped about, Stella bucking about on me, her small breasts jiggling with each thrust. Her gasps were getting more high-pitched, her body was moving up and down faster and faster; I felt I was being pounded by her, that she'd forgotten about me and was just fucking on her own. I felt a wash of warmth inside her and she screamed loudly, letting an orgasm shudder down on me, "oh god, oh fuck, oh god...ahhh."

Stella fell forward onto my chest, her nipples still hard, her breasts warm as she breathed heavily against me. She was kissing my neck by Kelly and both girls nuzzled me, and I kissed hair, I don't know who it was. I tried to crane my neck and I looked at Kelly, who had reached her hand down to between her own legs and was lightly fingering herself. She caught my gaze, and smiled and began to frig herself harder. I stretched to kiss her, then she pushed her face into her ear, "I want you again..."

"I'd love that...I think have just have the energy!"

"Ooo, yes..." she said, "My turn again Stella!"

Stella laughed and with a sigh, rolled off me. Kelly pushed herself up onto all fours beside me. I got up, my penis still jutting out in front of me and on my knees moved myself behind her. Her glorious rump in front of me, I curled my hand under her to feel how wet she was, rubbing a finger in her pussy, then using my thumb to prise her open and slide in my cock. We both sighed with the feeling of fullness again, my cock moved easily back and forth, the flesh of her buttocks rippling with my thrusts. The air was hot with the exertions of our bodies, musty and sex smelling, my face felt flushed, my penis felt sore but tingling with excitement. The slick slide of it below me was making me feel like I would come soon.

Stella was watching with an amused expression, I smiled back at her as I knelt behind Kelly, fucking her from behind slowly and indulgently. Stella got up and turned to go onto all fours too, just beside Kelly so the two arses were in front me, Kelly's wider glowing buttocks, Stella's slim, angular hips. Stella reached a hand round to finger herself between her legs, showing me the red wetness of her vulva. 

I slowed inside Kelly and pulled back my cock out of her, a string of wetness coming with it. Manoeuvring myself on my knees I guided my cock to Stella, the wet tip sliding against a cheek and then pressing into her again. She gasped as I began to bang against her, my cock squelching in her dripping pussy.

"Hey", said Kelly, looking back over her shoulder.

"You've got competition now Kel!" laughed Stella, her voice shaking as I pounded behind her.

"I'll...I'll... I'll be back to you..." I gasped, "in a moment, uh, uh..."

"I hope so baby, I really hope so..." Kelly stayed on all fours, her head bent to the pillow. I took my left hand off Stella's hip and reached to slide it between Kelly's legs and began to finger fuck her in time with my cock in Stella. I had the two girls groaning on my hand and cock in front of me, wetness wherever I felt, wet flesh between my fingers, wet hole round my cock. I felt the tingling in my balls of imminent orgasm, and my thrusts became long and hard, as I knew it was unavoidable now. My hand was squeezing and grabbing at Kelly's labia, splaying them wide and slapping against them.

"Ah, ah, ah..." my speech was guttural, animal-like, as I drove myself at the rears of the girls.

"Come in me! Come in me!" screamed Kelly.

I lurched, dragging myself sloppily out of Stella and falling towards Kelly. I held my cock, trying to move it to her vagina, but I was off balance and I fell against her arse, my penis pressed against a plump cheek and began to shoot my cum over her, splattering her cheeks, dribbling over my hand and thighs.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck..."I said, my body slumping over Kelly's warm back. She fell down onto the bed, me sliding with her. "Sorry...just missed..." I sighed, kissing the nape of my neck. Kelly didn't say anything, just reached out a hand to pat my side.

"Wow, that was amazing..." said Stella, stroking my buttocks, "Kelly, was right..."

I kissed Kelly more, as stayed lying face down, her face buried in the pillow.

"Are you ok baby?" I said, brushing her hair off her shoulders and caressing her neck.

Kelly didn't say anything, and I felt a bit concerned. "Kelly, you ok?"

Her voice when she replied was muffled by the pillow, "yes, I'm fine, just tired now..."

She rolled over onto her back, slightly pushing me out the way. Her fine breasts rose as she sighed. I briefly looked down her wonderful body, noting the smear of my cum on her thighs, the red, glistening labia between her legs. But it was her face that took most of my attention, she looked rather sad, her eyes seemed on the verge of tears. Stella seemed to notice too, and leant in quickly to kiss Kelly and give her a hug.

"Hey hon, that was great, but I better go", Stella sat up, "I've leave to your stud" and she leant over to me, kissed me on cheek and ran a hand down my leg. Then she sprung off the bed, bending over, flashing her slim arse at me, as she picked up her underwear and began to dress.

Kelly briefly smiled at me and then to Stella said: "I'll see at the club tomorrow."

Stella had dressed quickly, and was pulling on her coat, "yeah, see you there". She looked at me, "Maybe see you again sometime."

I nodded, a little bewildered by the sudden change of atmosphere. Minutes earlier I'd had my cock sucked and fucked by that girl and now she was a stranger saying goodbye, and then was gone , the door closing behind her to leave Kelly and I sat naked on the bed, in silence. And suddenly; our nakedness seemed odd, Kelly looked vulnerable lying there, staying at the ceiling, I felt a wrinkle of cold go over me, so pulled up the bed covers over us and cuddled close.

"Are you sure you're ok, you've very quiet" I said.

"Did you like fucking Stella?" said Kelly, quite bluntly. I was a little taken aback.

"Um, yes sure... but... you know... I like you more..."

"Really? You seemed to enjoy her, is it because she's thinner than me?"

I was shocked now, Kelly seemed jealous, she was beginning to breathe heavily and I could see tears forming.

"Are you crazy? One, you're not fat or anything, you're gorgeous...and I love your body..." I was getting worried I'd wandered into something bad, that would mean the thing with Kelly would suddenly get messed up. "Sorry, I thought you wanted her here...you suggested it..."

She sighed, seeming to relax a little, "I know, maybe it wasn't a good idea...You might prefer her..."

"No, no , no, " I said, kissing each time, "It's you I want.".

"That's good..." her voice was sleepy, "I'm so drunk..." But her arms reached round me and held me tighter, her breasts squashing against my chest. She felt warm and soft, and I was overcome with a sense of wanting to protect her, comfort her, as if suddenly I was important to her. Her beauty and confidence had meant I'd always felt a little in awe, but now this seemed close, like it wasn't just me mooning after her. Her hand was stroking my bum and my penis began to harden.

"I can feel you..."she murmered. "I'm so tired..."

"It's ok, " I said, "I can't lie next to you without getting hard, that's all...that's what you do to me."

"You can make yourself come right...come over me if you like...but I'm falling asleep here..." her words were slurring, I looked down to see her eyes were closed, but that she was smiling. She put a hand on my cock and squeezed it, looked up sleepily, kissed me and turned over to face away from me. I pushed back the covers a little to look down on her buttocks, warm and round in the bed. I began to wank myself slowly, eyes on her arse, and kissing her neck, running a hand over her soft back. She sighed quietly, murmuring "I love your cock...I'll look after it...maybe tomorrow..."

As I neared orgasm I moved closer to her, so the wet tip of my penis was bumping against her bum cheek, and that bit of sweet sliding over her skin spurred me to come. At the last moment I pushed my cock up into the groove between her cheeks and my semen boiled in her crack, spluttering up between, dribbling to her lower back.

I put my arms round her and held her close, breathing hard against her back. She made a snuffly noise but seemed to be almost asleep. I kissed her again, feeling the sticky connection between my cock and her arse, my hand snaked round her and under her breasts, and we lay still. It wasn't long before we were both asleep.

Kelly was sheepish and apologetic in the morning and also very hungover. She blamed the alcohol for being crazy, for being jealous; I went out of my way to say it didn't matter, and was inside thinking actually what a wonderful indication of how she felt about me. Sure, the reckless side of her was clear, and I couldn't forgot those moments when I thought I was out of my depth, but here close together in the bed in the morning light, it felt a close thing we had. We didn't mention Stella, and didn't fuck again, just got ready for leaving like an ordinary couple on an ordinary morning. Kelly asked if I could stay another night, and I said that I couldn't swing another night in the hotel with work. She thought for a moment and then said why didn't I come round hers tonight, she'd call in sick, and could make up for last night by cooking me a meal, and fucking me till I begged her to stop. Obviously I thought that was a brilliant idea.