 Kelly opened the door to her flat wearing a fluffy v-necked pullover that was snug over her breasts, her cleavage sparking, a silver necklace with teardrop pendant nestling between the mounds; she had the tightest jeans on, her thighs looking gorgeous, down to bare feet, with red painted toes. Her hair was loose and her face shining freshly - she was wearing less make-up than in the club and looked different, more beautiful and approachable. She kissed me, perfume surrounding me and took my hand to lead me into her flat. Her rear was wonderfully covered by the slim denim, the pockets sitting on her buttocks tight, the cups of her arse shifting as she walked.

"Wow, I'm not used to seeing you in jeans..."I said, "You look great!"

Kelly looked over her shoulder and smiled, "You checking out my arse?!"

"You bet..."

We moved from the corridor her hallway into the main room. She had a small lounge area, with a long brown leather sofa, a low table on a cream carpet, but this subtle decor was broken up by colourful, quirky ornaments, a tall red lamp, a blue vase, a modernist print on the far wall. It was expensive-looking, tasteful, much better than my place. I remembered her telling me lap dancing paid well though she was saving, so this represented some good choices on her part. The kitchen was adjoined to the lounge, separated by a breakfast bar (with a bottle of wine and two glasses standing on it). It was interesting to get a view on her home, Kelly fascinated me, with depths to her I hadn't fathomed yet. The sex was something, but this felt more special, being her in her flat. 

"Would you like a drink?" She was already pouring some of the cold white wine, handing me a glass. We clinked, and smiled, and I said "thanks for inviting me, I like your flat."

"Yeah right, that's not what you're looking at..." She was right, my eyes had darted from her cleavage to her crotch, the denim stretched between her legs, the buttons glinting, a seductive line over her pudendum. "Come here...the stir fry is done, just boiling some rice..." She put down her glass and pulled me into an embrace. I placed my glass to her and kissed her back heartily, her lips chilled from the wine, her tongue snaking out warm into my mouth. We sank into the kiss, it felt like the perfect start to the evening, like something we'd been waiting the day for. Our hands were roving, we were kissing lips, cheeks, neck; Kelly backed against the breakfast bar, widening her thighs a little so I could lean between them, pushing my trouser-clad erection against the hard crotch of her jeans.

"Oh - I want to see your cock again..." gasped Kelly, her hand rubbing my trousers and then fiddling with my belt, unzipping my trousers, reaching in to pull out my hard, hot cock. I kissed her neck as she gripped me tightly. She pushed me back, my penis sticking out in front of her; she grabbed her glass and gulped a swig of wine, then she leant forward to open her mouth and sink it round the head. Her mouth was wet with wine, which dribbled over her lips and down my shaft as she sucked and slurped at me. She went down hard and my foreskin slipped back, her tongue coiling over the sensitive tip.

"Oh god Kelly, your mouth...it's incredible..."

She laughed, muffled by my cock in her mouth. Her hand was rubbing too, I could feel the sensations growing from deep in my balls, she had me so turned on.

"I want you..." I gasped.

Kelly got up, her lips glistening. "Not now...I bought some new underwear and want to show it you properly...in the bedroom" She nodded towards the hallway where the door to her bedroom was. My face must have looked momentarily sad, as she then said, "But you can come now if you like...a little starter before your main meal!" Her hand wanked me harder, I leant into her close to cuddle, and my hands found her arse, tightly bound by her jeans.

"Turn round" I said. She turned and placed her hands on the work surface, and pushed her round bum out, the seams of the jeans stretched taut over her buttocks. I moved closer, my penis tip coming to touch her arse, the glans rubbing against the fabric. I began to push against her, my penis rubbing, bumping against a seam, painfully feeling the friction of her jeans, pre-cum beginning to darken a patch of fabric.

"Uh...tell me more about your underwear... "I said, as I ground myself against her behind.

She was pushing back, rocking her arse in time with my thrusts. "Well...they're a pale blue...very pretty...very see-through..."

"Nice..."

"I know you like a thong...but these cover my bum, but you can see everything right through..."

"Thats' good...uh...uh..." I looked down, the underside of my penis was red from scraping against her jeans, there was a smear of wetness against the seam running between her arse cheeks.

"And the front...well...that has a little surprise...for easy access..."

"Really?"

"Oh yes...you'll be able to slip a finger in there easily...without taking anything off me..."

"Or a tongue..."

"Oo...baby...yes...a tongue... or that big beautiful cock..." Kelly seemed to be rubbing herself, pushing the crotch of her jeans into herself. 

I gripped her hips and pushed hard, my penis searing, the foreskin stretching against rough jeans, driving up, then spurting cum over her backside, splattering those tight blue jeans, and dripping onto her kitchen floor.

"Uhhhh..." I grunted, slumping against her.

Kelly giggled, looking round, trying to see how much I'd covered her. 

I suddenly felt a little ashamed, standing there, trousers round ankles, with my wet cock stickily resting against her jeans, the whitish cum seeping into the fabric. "Oh sorry," I said.

"It's ok sweetie..." she said, turning round to kiss me, then grabbing a tea towel and rubbing her backside, quickly and practically. "I don't think you were going to last until after dinner...!"

"No, probably not," I said, pulling up my trousers, "I'm a bit hungry now...!"

We sat and ate the dinner by candlelight at Kelly's small table in her kitchen. She had put on some music and it seemed pretty lovely and relaxed. The food was very tasty, and I told her so, saying was there anything she wasn't good at?

"I'm not very good at relationships...", she said.

"Really?"

"No, oh I don't know," she smiled at me, "I don't usually pick the right guy..."

I pretended to look hurt, "well thanks!"

She smiled, reached out a toe under the table to push into my groin, "Not you!"

We clinked glasses and ate some more

"Can I ask you something?" I said.

"Yes, what?"

"Well...last night...have you done that before?"

She put down her fork. "You mean a threesome?"

"Yes, with Stella?"

"Why do you ask?"

"I dunno..." I'd stopped eating too, but wasn't quite meeting her eye. "I just thought maybe you had..."

She took a breath, "yes, we have...just once."

"Oh right."

"It was an ex, last year..." she giggled, "a valentine's present..."

I felt suddenly very jealous, I looked round the room, I wonder if it had been here. I suddenly pictured her on her sofa, a man fucking her from behind, Stella watching on.

She looked at me, concerned. "Sorry...do you mind?"

I looked back, god she was beautiful. "No...no... I can't mind can I?"

"I don't mind if you mind..." she said, "It's nice if you do..."

"Look," I said, "it was fun, but I'm not sure...I'm not sure you enjoyed it?"

She sighed and took a drink. "Sorry I got upset."

"That's ok, I just wondered why?"

"Well... it's complicated..."

"Try me."

"Well...I wanted to... I wanted to treat you to something special."

I reached out a hand to her hand. "I think you're special enough for me..."

"Ahh thanks babe. I think I was upset because I want you just to myself..."

"You've got me..."

"And..."she stopped herself.

"Yes?"

"Well there is something else."

"What's that?"

"I dunno, I'm not sure what you'll think."

"Tell me..."

"Right, yes, I will" But she went quiet. I waited.

She ran a hand through her hair, smiled at me. I looked at her face, her throat, her breasts. She looked like a sweet girl again, sweeter than the woman touching herself in the bed last night while I fucked her friend.

"I wanted to give you something, because I want... I need to ask you a favour."

I'd been a bit nervous, but this seemed less of a revelation than what I'd been fearing. "That's ok, I'd do anything for you, you know that?"

"I think I do, even in this short time, I think I do."

"We have something..."I was holding her hand tighter, "What do you need?"

With a sigh, she said, "Money...probably not a surprise..."

Oh, I thought. And from nowhere a suspicious part of me suddenly flicked through images of Kelly dancing in the club for me, stripping off in my hotel room, kissing me by the window... Uh-oh I thought. Is it time to pay up?

"Ok... for what?"

"I'm in a bit of trouble."

"What sort?"

"Oh, I can see it in your face...I shouldn't have said anything, you think I'm scamming you don't you?" Her eyes began to mist, tears forming.

"No..." I said, feeling a wave of sympathy, "No, just tell me...what trouble?"

"Ok...ok..." she said, wiping her eyes. "I need to pay someone to get something back... something...well...a video...a video of me..."

Slowly, over the course of the next half hour Kelly revealed her situation. When she had been just 18 she had, as she put it, "fallen head over heels in love with a guy", a guy, Tommy Vaughan who was in his twenties, apparently rich, very confident, very sure of himself, good-looking - boy, did I not enjoy hearing all this - and sexually pretty full-on. She thought that's what she wanted, she thought he was more exciting than the boys her age. 

Unfortunately it turns out he was out to take advantage of her; he said he had connections with the modelling business, and could get her on the books of a top agency. He took photos of her, first in glamorous dresses he bought for her, then bit by bit, encouraged her to try poses that were a bit more racy -as he said there was easy money to make - and the clothes got skimpier, then plying her with alcohol at his flat, took shots of her in her underwear, then topless but breasts just coyly hidden by an arm, a sheet.

She never questioned it, believing he was going to take her far, that she was going to have all of the clothes, the flat, the lifestyle he seemed to be offering. Then it was more of the drugs he pushed on her. As he twisted her world view, disconnecting her from friends and family, getting her hooked on cocaine, so he began to push for more, until finally one night she was so out of it, while they were having sex, he brought out a video camera and filmed her, filmed her touching herself and doing to herself what he was telling her to. The sex had been rough and even in the state she was in she'd realised this was no longer what she wanted. Vaughan stopped but he didn't Like the fact thereafter she rejected him and had thrown her clothes at her and pushed her out into the night. It was like he'd tired of her, taken her to the lowest point and discarded her.

She had pulled herself together, "I'm a tough cookie really..." and tried to get the video off him, but he'd moved on, disappeared to London and she decided to put it all behind her. Something of the appeal of being on show had obviously stayed with her, as she fell into lapdancing a while back needing the money, but thinking after what she'd been through, it could be no worse.

Then about a year ago, "Vaughan came to the club". She said his name with a disgust that was now obvious. He'd turned up one night and, at first, was as surprised to see her as she was him. He was now some big-shot club owner in London, owned a string of lap-dancing clubs - "I couldn't believe we were in the same business...it seemed a bit like fate..." - and he was apparently checking out the competition while in town. Kelly said that as soon as Vaughan had seen her she knew he was thinking how he could get something out of her, he was a parasite with the only aim of screwing anyone and everyone. He found your weakness and exploited it. 

She'd been forced to dance for him, hating the way he leered at her, pawed at her arse, licked his lips and reminded her of the times he'd fucked her, reminded her of the video. He said he watched it now and again and wanked over the memory of her, "how touching" she remarked, bitterly. He'd asked her to come and dance in his clubs, but she'd refused and thought she'd never hear from him again when he left. But the next week he was back. And the next, until she'd called in sick to avoid him, taking a break, falling out with the club, but then a month or so later charming her way back in. When she went back, there was no sign of Vaughan for a whole year, until about a month ago when he tapped her on her shoulder just outside her flat. He'd followed her home from the club. As she told me this, she looked frightened and was almost shaking. This time Vaughan was more aggressive, angry even.

"He said running his clubs was expensive, it was a tough business, and he was stretching himself, dealing with fucking girls and fucking punters, and fucking enemies" she said. Vaughan was battling with other club owners for the money of the sad fucks like me trawling the clubs. And it seemed he was losing.

"He said he needed all the money he could lay his hand son, so he was calling in favours from old friends...ha...I said I was no friend of his...so he slapped me".

"Oh no...Kelly..."

"It's fine...I punched back...used a bit of what my brother has taught me..."

"Good for you!"

"Gave him a bloody nose," she smiled through her tears, briefly triumphant. 

Vaughan had backed off, but not before saying what he really wanted.

"He said...if I wanted that video back...I had to pay him five grand...otherwise he'll make copies and sell it everywhere he can...he'll send a copy to my parents...to the club... to my college...to every fucking Facebook friend I have..." She was gasping her words out, full on crying now. I got up and came round to her side of the table and put my arms round her. She moved into my embrace and held on tight as she sobbed.

After a while her crying eased and she sniffed and got up to grab a tissue from a box on the side. I moved with her to take her hand.

"So... it's just I need to pay him soon...quickly...and I haven't got it all... I can make it in a couple of months but he wants it now... I ...I wondered if you could help...maybe half...I'll pay you back..." Between wipes of her nose and eyes she looked at me, her words and face nervous.

"Look Kelly, I can try..." 

"I will pay you back in a month or so I promise... I have about half, I just wondered if you might be able to give me some..."

"I think I can, yes..." Could I? I had savings, about 3 thousand, but it wasn't strictly all mine, it was the money my girlfriend and I were saving for a deposit on a house, or unspoken, a wedding fund. Shit, guilt could grab you unawares, as I thought about her, thought about where I was and what I was doing.

"I really didn't know whether to tell you or not... we've not known each other long, and it's such a big thing to ask... but I want to carry on seeing you and I need to get this video thing sorted or else my life will always be on hold, with that hanging over me... I can't...oh I don't know..."

"Hey, it's ok, I'm glad you asked... I want to help."

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

"Oh you're so great...thank you...thank you..."

"We'll sort it for you... I'll get it out tomorrow."

Kelly kissed me, her eyes meeting mine. "I'll thank you now..." Taking my hand, she led me to her bedroom.

That night was a little different from the previous night. It was just me and Kelly and the sex was more tender, more personal than before; though still fucking wild. 

She looked fantastic in her new lingerie, the pale blue lace supremely tight on her skin, and finding the hole of her crotchless panties was like finding treasure. My fingers and tongue worked feverishly at her, making her scream with joy, making her gush over my lips and chin. 

We moved over her bed almost like we were dancing, moving from one position - on our sides facing each other, my penis squeezed through the crotch hole, tight inside her, pushing not thrusting, feeling the walls of her vulva pinch me - to me knelt up, her laid on her front, her arse looking gloriously uncovered now, as her mouth sucked on my cock, dragging it downwards into her throat - to fucking her from behind again - to fucking her bent over the side of the bed - to licking each other in a 69, her vulva sodden and splayed against my face - to me lying on my back with the vision of her facing away from me, lowering herself onto my cock, her buttocks bulging as she pushed down and then rose up, seeing her labia stretched round my shaft ; as she rode my cock, sliding up and down I slapped her arse, gently at first but as she screamed I slapped harder, and harder; I slapped the juddering cheeks, making them inflame with redness, making her fuck me faster, my penis hurting as she bent forward, and I slapped and slapped as hard as I dared, the crack of skin on skin ringing out, till she began to come, driving down on me, and I grabbed her hips and she pounded herself harder, her orgasm finished, mine now in sight, as her buttocks shook with every bounce on my cock, my fingers were leaving red marks on her skin, gripping, gripping and then releasing as my cock spurted inside her, cum spluttering round my shaft and her vulva, and she sank down on me, letting me twitch under her. As I relaxed, she pulled herself off, I watched my cock slide out of her, cum dribbling after it. Kelly turned and fell onto me, kissing me and hugging me. In the warm glow of her bedside lamp, we fell asleep naked, together.

In the morning, I felt closer to Kelly than ever before. It seemed so comfortable and natural waking up in her flat with her. I made us tea and toast while she showered, and then we sat side by side in bed watching the TV. I couldn't really keep my eyes off her nakedness, her breasts, her arse as she bent to pull on her knickers, her skirt. As we got ready we'd pass each other and kiss, or stroke a hand on each other's body. We said goodbye outside her flat, me to head back home, she to do some shopping, clothes for the club, something sexy she said, and I said she'd be sexy in anything. Shit, I had it bad, I thought, as I walked away; in my pocket a piece of paper with her bank details on it, and in her neat writing, 'thanks for this, and thanks even more for your cock...Kelly xxx.'