 "Hello?" Ann asked, picking up the phone.

"Hey, what's up?" Will asked.

"You'd better hurry up and get your ass over here, before 'Friends' starts!" Ann demanded with a laugh.

"Whoa, alright then, I'll be over in a few ok?" Will replied quickly.

"Ok, I'll see you in a bit then," Ann said.

"Bye," Will said.

Ann hung up the phone and made her way to her room. She flopped down on her bed, picked up the remote and flicked through the channels. She took a quick glance at her radio clock. It read 7:50. Will would probably be late, as usual. He always came over, every Thursday, to watch 'Friends'. It was one of their many traditions. They had been friends since the beginning of high school when they had both moved to California at the beginning of the year and hadn't had time to make friends. They had both been in the same homeroom and had ended up sitting by each other. Their friendship just took off from there. Now in their last year of high school they were inseparable. 

Ann closed her eyes and lay there when suddenly she had the feeling that someone was in the room with her. Her eyes snapped open and just two inches from her face was Will. 

"Ah!" Ann yelped in surprise, "Will!" she punched him in the chest.

"Oof," he let out and sat back on her bed, "man, Ann."

Ann gave him a smirk and looked at her clock. He was five minutes early.

"Good timing. For once," she said with a laugh.

"Whatever, I brought some goodies!" he went and brought a plastic bag to her bed. He pulled out a 4-pak of Schmirnoff Ice and handed her one.

"Ooh, thanks!" she exclaimed and unscrewed the top.

The both sat on her bed, drinking, and watched 'Friends'. By the time it was over they had both finished the 4-pak. Ann was feeling pretty good by then and jumped off her bed.

"I totally need to dance now!" she squealed and went to her stereo.

She put in some CD's and pushed play. Love 'Em All by Baby Blue Soundcrew came on and she blasted it.

"I love this song! Come on, Will, and dance with me!" she exclaimed and pulled him to his feet.

They began twirling and moving around her room, screaming and laughing. After the CD went all the way through Ann put a slower one on and they both collapsed on her queen size bed, breathing hard. Ann turned her head to look at Will. He had his eyes closed and his chest was heaving up and down and he was sweating. Something inside Ann gave a little jump and she got a shiver down her spine that traveled through her entire body. She thought to herself that it might have just been the alcohol talking but Will suddenly looked really hot. She had always found him attractive but it had never occurred to her until now. And he had really been moving it really good a few minutes ago while they were dancing. She suddenly got a crazy thought of what it would feel like for him to take her in his arms and kiss her softly. Surprised, she pushed the thought aside. But lying beside him, only inches apart, she couldn't help noticing his manly physique, how he sprawled out next to her. She let her eyes travel up his body, lingering on his peaceful face. His eyelashes were long and soft looking; his lips were full and slightly parted. She looked away then and closed her eyes, to try to block out these thoughts that she knew she shouldn't be thinking. 

Just as Ann closed her eyes Will opened his. He gazed over at Ann, lying next to him. She was breathing hard. Her eyes were closed and she had a dreamy look on her face, like she was far away. He wondered what she was thinking of. I hope she's thinking about me, he suddenly thought. Then he caught himself. Shocked, he let himself think it. She looked so incredibly sexy right then too, her chest heaving up and down. He could feel the heat radiating off her body, her arm next to his. He had always thought her beautiful but he had never thought of her other than a friend. But at that time the thoughts he was having were more than just friendly. He thought of gathering her perfect body in his arms and kissing her softly on her pouty lips. He wanted to burry his hands in her thick chestnut hair and take in the exotic smell of her. He wanted to taste her and feel her skin against his. He started to go hard in his pants and quickly blinked, trying to cut out the arousing thoughts he was having. Woa, Will, slow down, he thought to himself. Just then Ann opened her eyes and looked into his. She smiled and propped herself up on one elbow, leaning towards him. A silky piece of her hair fell across her face, hiding her emerald cat-shaped eyes. Will lifted a hand and tucked the hair behind her ear. He let his hand linger there for a second and then trailed it down the side of Ann's face. Ann's mouth pulled to the side in a sexy smile and she placed her hand against his chest.

Ok, what did he just do? Ann asked herself. And what am I doing? Does he like me? Is he feeling the same way I am right now? Oh I hope so.

Will opened his mouth as if he was going to say something but decided against it and his mouth stayed opened. He trailed his hand back up the side of Ann's face and then down to her lips. He traced them lightly with the tip of his finger, memorizing their exact shape. Ann closed her eyes and Will explore her face with his fingers. He traced them up to her eyes, along her eyebrows, then lightly touching them to her eyelashes and down the side of her nose. He cupped the bottom of her chin and her eyes slowly fluttered open, gazing at him under heavy lashes. They looked at each other; they were so close, their faces only inches apart. Ann's eyes dropped to Will's parted lips and she licked her own. Slowly, ever so slowly they moved their lips together until they were just touching. They were both breathing hard, nervous and excited. Will nudged Ann's bottom lip with his and she moaned quietly. Ann softly touched the side of Will's face and kissed him. They pulled apart and Will quickly pulled Ann back to him. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her more intensely this time. This time when they came apart they were both breathless.

"Hmm Will," Ann purred, noticing the bulge in his jeans.

Tentively she drew her hand away from his face and down his body to satisfy the part of him that needed it. She ran her hand along the front of his jeans and looked at him to see his reaction. He smiled at her and closed his eyes so she took this as a sign that he was enjoying her touch and pressed harder against his pulsating erection. She grabbed it and he groaned then pushed her back on her bed and lunged for her swollen lips. 

"Mmm," he moaned as he nibbled her lower lip.

Ann grabbed the back of his head and pulled him on top of her and snaked her tongue into his mouth. Will flicked his tongue at hers and bit it. She purred in her throat and her hands roamed down his back. Suddenly Will jerked out of her grasp and sat up. Ann narrowed her eyes, "what?"

"Uh, are your parents home?" Will asked in a panic.

"No, they're out. They'll be out till late," Ann reassured.

Will smiled and pulled her up then ripped her shirt off over her head, growled, and then went straight to her neck. He licked it, moistening the area, then started sucking and biting. 

"Oh," she moaned and he pulled her neck tighter to his mouth, sucking hard.

"Hmm Will, that feels so good."

He groaned in response and stopped sucking and kissed down her neck to her chest. He reached behind and undid her bra, pulled it off, and reached his hand to her breast. Her nipples grew hard under his hands and he bent his head down to an erect nipple and teased it with his tongue. Ann arched her back, thrusting her breast to his face. Will continued to suck and bite her nipples and brought his hands to the buttons on her pants. He hastily undid them and she helped him slide them off. He cast them aside and stared down at her, sprawled out beneath him, wearing only her blazing red thong. Their eyes locked and Ann drew her breath in as Will pulled his own shirt over his head. Ann sat up on her knees to face him and touched her hands to his broad chest. She spread her fingers over it and trailed them down to his navel, surrounded by thin hair. She gazed up at his face and leaned in to kiss him. Their kiss started slow and sensual then heated up, as their passion grew wilder for each other. Will moaned as Ann grabbed at his jeans, unbuttoned them and reached inside. Their lips stayed tightly locked together, tongues wild and hot and they fell back to the bed. Will whipped his pants off, tossed them to the floor and threw his body onto Ann's. At the instant touch of bare skin on bare skin they both moaned and grabbed at each other, not being able to get close enough. Will tugged on Ann's panties and she helped him slide his off. Ann gazed down to his big, thick cock and seductively smiled at him, "oh Will, you're so big. I want you inside me now!"

Will's heart beat fast at her demand but he had a different idea.

"You want me inside now? Or…" he trailed off and moved his body down hers, followed by his tongue. 

Ann smiled and closed her eyes, bringing her hands to his head. He worked his way to her navel and ran his tongue around it then bit her stomach then moved between her legs and kissing her inner thighs, teasing her. She was moaning and thrusting her hips to his face and when he thought she couldn't take it anymore he buried his face in her pussy. 

Damn, she's so wet and hot, he thought to himself as he flicked his tongue at her clit. She's so ready for me.

Ann's body was on fire and she clamped her legs around Will's head as his tongue delved deep into her wet centre. Her body shuddered and she cried out.

"Oh Will, I can't take this!"

Will worked his tongue faster and harder on her clit and finally she threw her head back, pressed his face hard to her pussy and came hard and fast. Ann fell back to the bed, gasping for air and Will drew his body up beside her and kissed her lightly on the forehead. She smiled at him and pulled him on top of her and kissed him hard.

"Your turn Will," she murmured and rolled him so she was on top.

Then she kissed him down his stomach keeping her eyes focused on his the whole time. Will's mouth fell open and he watched her she slide down his body, finally reaching his dick. She kissed beside it and it danced to meet her mouth, eager for her hot mouth. 

"Ann," Will breathed.

She gazed up at him and slowly twirled her tongue around the head then grabbed his dick and licked hard up the sides then licked at the indent below the head. Will let out a groan and grabbed Ann's head and pushed it down to shove his dick deep into her mouth. Ann bobbed her head, sucking him hard and followed her mouth with her hand. Will reached down and grabbed Ann's breasts and played with her nipples and he heard her muffled moan and she sucked harder.

"God Ann!" Will said as he fucked her face and she grabbed hard at his ass.

"Fuck me now Will," Ann sat up and he threw her on her back and thrust his cock hard into her.

They both cried out as Will pounded into her and Ann wrapped her legs tightly around his waist and gripped his tight ass.

"Faster! Harder! Come on Will!" Ann urged.

"Ugh," Will moaned and fucked her fast and hard.

Then Will flipped them so Ann was on top and he gripped her hips and rocked her against him. She grinded into his hips and dug her nails into his chest.

"Yeah baby, good girl," Will gasped.

"Mmm, you like that?" Ann asked.

"Fuck yeah," Will answered and gasped again and Ann rode him faster.

Then Will pulled her down to him and thrust inside her at the same time she fucked him.

"Bounce it," he said and Ann bounced her ass and he gripped her hips.

They were both breathing hard and faster as they got closer.

"Here I come. Ready?" Will asked.

"Ugh…ugh, yeah," Ann moaned.

"Ahhh!" Will cried out.

"Say my name!" 

"Oh Ann, Ann, Ann, Ann," Will panted.

Waves of pleasure rolled through both of them and held onto each other tight, Will writhing underneath and Ann pressing hard into him. Then it was over and they just lay there, Will still inside Ann, breathing hard and kissing each other lightly.

"Mmm, that was good, you're amazing Will," Ann whispered.

"That was good. I love you Ann," Will said.

Woa, did I just tell her that I love her? Will thought to himself. Well I do, he realized.

Ann's eyes widened in shock. Then she smiled, stroked the side of his face and said, "I love you too, Will."

Will smiled up at Ann and kissed her. Then they curled up together and drifted off into a peaceful slumber, arms around each other and dreamy smiles on their faces.