 It was a cold December day, but my thoughts kept me more than warm. I had plans to have dinner with my new friend Eve. Our paths crossed one day due to our line of work. We flirted on and off and ended up exchanging numbers before the end of the day. Over the next couple of months we kept in touch via phone, email and instant message. I was glad we were finally able to meet again, as we lived several hours away from each other and both had busy lives.

Eve was truly the most amazing woman I'd ever met, and the most beautiful. She stood 5'9", her reddish-blond hair just above waist length. Her legs were long and slender, her stomach flat and her ass perfect. The clothing she wore suggested a sense of confidence, but she didn't intentionally dress to impress. She was lively and real, edgy yet professional, engaging yet reserved; she lit up the room and made everyone take notice of her. She was rock & roll and Cosmo all rolled into one.

One night while instant messaging, I built up the nerve to ask her if she had a webcam. My pulse quickened when she said that she did, and she was willing to "share". Our connection across the net was amazing. One glance at her on my computer screen sent my hormones racing. When we met on cam the second time, her hair was up and she was wearing a robe. 

"I'm dying to see what's under that robe," I said. She smiled and began teasing me by slowly opening it. The curves of her breasts became visible and I felt my cock begin to harden immediately.

I slid my hand down the front of my shorts and slowly began stroking my rock hard member. She could see that I was doing something with my hand off camera and asked to see, so I moved the camera back, bringing the crotch of my shorts into view. She reached her hand beneath her robe and slowly rubbed her lovely round breasts. Within a few moments, we were both naked, on cam, and, masturbating. 

It didn't take me long to reach orgasm, and I knew I couldn't hold back. I shot my load all over my stomach. As I continued squeezing every drop out for her, I watched Eve's expression change from excitement to pure enjoyment as her orgasm raced through her body. I remember hoping that a repeat of this moment, and many others, would be coming my way. I couldn't have been more right...

After two months, we decided to meet for dinner. I was a bit nervous for the first few moments. Noticing this, Eve took my hands and leaned in closer to me. I leaned in and met her half way and we shared our first kiss. Her lips were so soft; I couldn't remember ever kissing lips that were as amazing as hers. Our kiss continued for a minute or so. Fortunately for us, we were the only ones in the restaurant. We held hands until our food came, and we talked about our jobs, our families, and whatever else came to mind.

During our cam sessions, we both admitted that we wanted each other. At that moment, sitting across from her, holding her hands in mine, the feeling grew even more intense. I wanted her more than I had ever wanted anyone before. As we finished our meals, she asked me what I wanted to do with the rest of the evening. After all, it was still early.

I turned my head and looked out the nearby window. "There's a nice hotel next door," I hinted.

Her eyelids narrowed and she bit her now quivering, lower lip.

"Yes, there is," she hinted.

"Shall we?" I answered, as I took in the sight of her still quivering lip.

"Yes," she purred, leaning across the table.

I helped her with her coat and we walked out into the snowy night. The moment I had been long awaiting had come. I couldn't believe it was really happening. We walked across the parking lot, my arm around her. The wind blew her hair into my face. The smell of it, mixed with the building anticipation, made me incredibly horny. We paid for the room, got they key and made our way to the second floor.

I always wondered how this moment would be. Would we be nervous? Would either of us be shy? Would I be unable to last and cum too soon? My fears were quickly laid to rest.

Once inside, we stood on opposite sides of the bed and slowly began undressing. Eve took off her boots, sweater and bra. She had the most beautiful, full, round breasts. She unbuttoned her jeans and slid them to the floor. She was neatly shaved, with a patch of dark hair just above her sex. I watched her eyes fall to my now hard cock, as it came into view. She again bit her lip and smiled.

She crawled onto the bed, sat in the middle, and offered me to join her. Amazingly, I wasn't nervous or shy at all. I took her hand and sat in front of her on the bed. It took no time for our hands to discover each other's body, as we began to kiss. The first touch of her tongue to mine was soft, but strong. She was an amazingly sensual kisser. As our tongues danced, I felt her fingertips trace down my chest and stop briefly at my stomach. I sighed, took the back of her neck in my hand, and pulled her face even tighter to mine. She took my rock hard cock into her hand and slowly stroked it with her long, amazing fingers. 

"Lie back", she whispered.

I watched as she marveled at my cock. She slowly stroked its length, twisting her hand around it as she stroked up and down. I'd never had a hand job feel so intense. She smiled at me as she continued, watching the ecstasy sweep across my face. Keeping eye contact with me, Eve then lowered her face to my crotch and stretched her tongue out to the tip of my cock. She licked the drop of precum from the tip and closed her mouth around me fully, enjoying the taste and feel. Then I watched as her lips parted. Eve then moistened her lips with her tongue before engulfing the head of my cock once more.

What followed was the best blowjob I had ever received - the first of many more to come. As her lips worked up and down the length of my cock, her tongue trailed the underside - teasing the frenulum and circling the head each time she rose to the tip, her hands stroking and twisting continually. It didn't take long for me to feel my orgasm churning inside, but I wasn't about to let go yet. She sensed this and slowed down her pace. 

Eve then removed my cock from her mouth, and slowly stroked it while teasing the tip with her tongue. I concentrated on my breathing and tried to relax, so I could enjoy the sensation longer. I'd never been with a woman who admired my cock like Eve. She really did marvel over it.

"I want one," she said. "I want to have one of these to play with every day."

Trying to think of something to say, I muttered, "You can play with mine all you want."

That she did. She smiled again and began stroking faster. My breathing quickened, She returned her hot mouth to my waiting cock, taking the entire length into her mouth. I'd never deep-throated a woman before. It was truly amazing, feeling the head of my cock against the back of her throat; her lips tight against my stomach at the base.

It was as if a switch had turned on. She worked my cock with total abandon. Her hand stroked and twisted. Her lips and tongue sucked and teased -- over and over - faster and harder. I began moaning as my orgasm neared. She showed no sign of slowing down, so I braced myself for my now imminent orgasm.

"I'm going to cum," I warned her. 

Her pace quickened. She wanted me to cum. My body tensed. Her lips sucked harder. I felt the back of her throat against my tip with every stroke.

"I'm cumming," I warned her again, in case she didn't want me to cum in her mouth.

I felt her entire tongue against the bottom of my pulsating cock, as stream after stream shot into her mouth. She slowly slid her lips to the top and sucked out each shot. Then she took the entire thing back into her mouth and held it inside as my last spurt erupted into the back of her throat. I was in ecstasy and shock. I'd never been with a woman who swallowed, and I couldn't believe how amazing it felt. She had the most amazing mouth, and such amazing skills.

She continued sucking and licking me for a couple minutes more so I wouldn't deflate. As she continued bobbing up and down on my still full-length cock, I reached out and took her breasts in my hands. They were full, firm, and simply amazing! She slowly removed her mouth from around my cock and gave the tip one last hard suck. Slowly stroking it still, she slid up my body so my length slid between her breasts. She squeezed her lovely tits together. I thrust between them a few times and grew even harder. I took her face into my hands and kissed her. Our tongues danced as our hands explored each other. I could taste my cum in her mouth. To my surprise, it wasn't displeasing. It was actually quite erotic.

"I want you now," she moaned between kisses and lay down on her back.

I knelt between her legs and looked down at her beautiful body. Her long, reddish-blonde hair was tousled everywhere on the bed. Her gorgeous round breasts and her beautiful, fully shaved pussy waited to be enjoyed. I lay down between her legs and the head of my cock rested against her wet lips. She raised her knees and hips a bit and I slowly slid inside her.

Our tempo started out slow, with deep strokes. Her eyes closed. Her chin cocked back. Her lips parted and I increased my pace. Soon I heard the headboard rhythmically bang against the wall. Our thighs smacked together as our hips moved in sync with each other. She grabbed her knees and held them to her chest. I couldn't believe how flexible she was. "Oh yeah, just like that," she moaned.

My strokes slowed a bit, and her pussy was tight around me. I felt her clit brush against the top of my cock each time I sunk all the way inside her. Her breathing deepened. Her moans amplified. She was about to cum.

I'd watched her masturbate and cum on her pc cam, as she watched me, but I couldn't believe this was really happening. I felt my second orgasm building, but wasn't about to let go this soon. I tightened up and fought my own urge and watched Eve's orgasm rip through her.

She grabbed my shoulder and held me still. I was so far inside her. I felt her against the tip of my cock. I didn't move, I just watched her come down from her orgasm, and listened to her sounds of ecstasy. We lay like that for a moment, her knees still between our chests. I kissed her forehead, her cheek, her neck, and her lips. She looked at me and whispered, "That was yummy!"

"Sure was," I answered.

"Did you cum again?" she asked me.

"Not yet, but I was about to," I answered.

I leaned up and she slowly stretched her long legs back out on the bed. I told her I wanted her doggie style and she quickly obliged. I looked down at my cock. It was soaked, and her cum ran down my legs. I looked up at her. She was on her hands and knees. She spread her legs, giving me access and a great view. She had such an amazing ass, and her pussy lips were parted and glistened.

I got behind her and held the tip of my still hard cock against her lips. I slid it up and down the length of her pussy - from her clit to her back door - back and forth. Then, with one motion, I slid back inside her. Her back was lean and strong; I watched the muscles in her lower back flex as she pushed back against me with each thrust. I loved the way her ass cheeks felt as they smacked against my stomach and thighs. She bucked back faster and harder, so I did the same. We were fucking SO hard and deep, I couldn't think of another time like this before.

She stopped and looked back at me. I ran my index finger from her shoulder blades, down her spine, and she laid her body down over her knees. I tried to move with her, but I suddenly slipped out. She gasped. I grabbed my sopping wet cock with my hand and tried to set it back where it was. But instead, I accidentally missed and poked her back door. 

"Oops!" I said.

"It's okay, she purred. "Go ahead."

I couldn't believe it! I had only had anal once. It only lasted a moment, as the woman I had tried it with couldn't relax. Eve was much different. I watched her body go limp - totally relaxed. I slowly pushed the head of my cock inside her tight hole and stopped, as she got used to this new sensation.

"Don't stop," she urged. 

I pulled out just a bit, and pushed back inside. One more stroke and I was all the way inside her. It felt so much different than being inside her pussy. Eve gripped the bed with her hands and bucked back at me with determination. I felt her walls loosen up a bit more and I fucked her with abandon. It only took a moment for my orgasm to spike.

"Mmmm...yeah. Cum for me baby!" she cried. 

I continued my pace and grabbed her ass with my hands. I felt her clamp down around my cock and I was a goner. I bucked against her and felt several loads of my cum shoot deep inside her ass. As I continued fucking her, Eve cooed and cheered me on, loving every sensation of my pulsating cock. I was worn out. I laid down on top of her...a heap of mush. I felt my cock spasm inside Eve and slowly softening. Then, as easily as it went in, it slid out. We chuckled at the sound of my cum spurting out of her.

I fell over onto the bed next to Eve. She rolled over too, her back to me and we spooned for a few minutes. My hands found their way to her lovely breasts, as I buried my face in her beautiful, soft hair.

As much as I wanted to put her in my car and take her home with me, I knew we would soon be leaving in separate cars, going separate directions. But I also knew this wouldn't be a one time thing.

I knew I would never be the same...