 It was just gone 10. I was in the club, sat in a booth upstairs, and Kelly was stood over me, red shoes either side of my legs, heels pointing into the leather of the seat, black hold-up stockings, with a lacy trim stretched round her thighs, with bare skin right up to her exposed vagina (her black thong she had passed to me and I held it in my left hand). She was dancing and slowly pushing her groin forward close to my face, wafting the scent of her vulva over me. She'd already said she was wet before I had arrived, her expectation in seeing me such that she was turned on and gave a couple of guys some pretty full on dances earlier. Their lucky night, she had said, with a wicked grin. But she hadn't let them touch her, that was reserved only for me. My right hand was stroking her leg, feeling the slightly rough fabric of the stockings, rubbing the bulge of her thigh at the top, sliding behind her to feel the orbs of her bum cheeks, my fingers brushing her between her legs.

 Kelly held her breasts, rubbing and rolling them in her hands, her eyes closed, hair falling forward, her body swaying in front of me, I could see her thigh and calve muscles tighten as she held her balance on her heels. She reached out her hands to steady herself on the wall and then swung her hips towards me, not stopping this time, coming closer and closer until, when I craned my head up a little my mouth came into contact with her, my tongue slipped between my lips to press against her labia – which indeed were slick with her arousal. 

 I heard her moan and I scooped my tongue into her, her juices squelching round and dribbling over my chin. I licked and licked, alternating with low down between her labia and higher, flicking her clit, and then diving down and poking my tongue into her. She pushed harder, my tongue pointing inwards as far as I could stretch, then quickly feeling her orgasm around it, the sides of her vulva pulsating and her hips juddering against me.

 "Oh, oh, oh, oh, ahhh," she sighed above me.

 I pulled back a little, my hand wiping my mouth, looking up past her hanging breasts to see her face, flushed, happy.

 "Oh, I'm a little dizzy," she said.

 "Come on, sit down," I said, helping her to step down off the seat and slide next to me, her head resting on my shoulder, her hand reaching across my thigh to cup the bulge in my trousers.

 "Oo, I've never come in here before," she said, sounding a little embarrassed and out of breath. "Just wait to I tell Stella...!"

 "You taste so lovely, I could lick you all night..." I said.

 "I could live with that," she replied. "But I'm so tired –!"

 I gave her a hug, "it was quite a night last night, I'm not surprised" I said.

 "I was pretty sore this morning, and exhausted, I went back to my flat slept until 1 but had to get up...boo".

 "Oh, sorry..."

 "Don't be silly, I loved it, but," and she squeezed my penis through my trousers, "You're quite big, so I could feel you'd been inside me all day..."

 My penis twitched under her hand. She looked down at it and then back at me, "what are we going to do with this?"

 In the club all we could do was let Kelly work out her hours. I couldn't really afford another dance, and Kelly said she couldn't hide any more free ones for me, so had suggested I head back to the hotel and grab a few zzs and wait for her. She had to work through to 2. I felt reluctant to leave but she'd jokingly said she'd be happier knowing I wasn't looking at other girls in the club, so sent me back. I couldn't sleep and had a mini bar beer and watched some TV.

 It was nearer 3 when she texted me, and I nipped downstairs to meet her by the hotel lifts. She looked beautiful in her long coat, with her hair brushed and make-up reapplied, her lips smiling on seeing me, but I could tell she was tired.

 In my room she said she was too sore to have me fuck her, but wonderfully and enthusiastically sucked my cock while I knelt over her, my arms stretched out, hands on the wall above the bed. Her jaw tired and she curled her fingers round my cock and wanked me vigorously. 

 I sat back down onto her stomach, looking down at her, watching her as she watched her own hand pump my cock, her body shaking with the effort. I could see a determined look in her eye as she wanted to bring me to the point of explosion, and that spurred my orgasm out of me. My penis spurted spunk over her gorgeous breasts, long strings of glistening cum dripping and splashing onto her. Her right hand held my sighing penis, cum dribbling over her fingers, while the other hand roved over her breasts, though my semen, twirling it stickily round her nipples, and licking her fingers.

 It wasn't long before we both drifted off to sleep.



In the morning, the sunlight streamed through the open curtains, waking me early. Kelly lay on her front by my side, her smooth back in the sunlight, the covers of the bed curled round her waist. Her blonde hair, turned covered her face, lying messily on her shoulders, looking soft and golden in the sunlight. I propped myself on one arm and reached out to gently stroke her back, feeling its warmth. I ran my hand over her shoulders, brushing her hair back, and feeling it between my fingers. What a thing it was to wake up to a beautiful naked girl in my bed, a girl who'd tossed me off expertly over her breasts the night before, a lapdancer in my hotel, a sweet, sweet sexpot...

 My hand brushed down her back and up, and down, and with each down sweep I pushed back the covers a little, beginning to expose her naked arse, the dip at the top of her cheeks becoming visible, then more of her buttocks, her hip. She murmered and shifted. I leant down and kissed her back and continued to stroke her, my hand now running over the top of her bum, and caressing her hip. 

 One of her hands reached sleepily behind her and pulled away the covers from her bottom, throwing them back over her thighs, so her bum was in the rays of sunlight, the tiny hairs caught golden in the light, the smooth round beauty of it all before me. I ran my hand over her buttocks, brushing down to the tops of her thighs and up over the curve of her cheeks. Her skin was so warm and plump I had to squeeze it, feeling her flesh bulge between my fingers, the split between her cheeks widening a little, flashing the reddish crinkle of her anus between them.

 I bent down again and kissed a cheek, then the other, and then eased my tongue out to lick and feel my way from the base of her spine, and down along the line of a cheek. Maybe I was half asleep, certainly I was turned on, but a crazy idea was forming in my head. I remembered what Kelly had said yesterday morning, about not having kissed her body quite everywhere.

 I moved myself up onto my knees beside her, placed my hands on her hips and pushed my mouth against her arse, my tongue cupping a buttock, then slowly, nervously, curling upwards. I took my tongue in and washed saliva over it and slipped it out again, squashing between her cheeks, wetting the crack of her arse. I began to lick like this more, getting a slick of saliva sitting along the line of her bum crack, not between, just lying on the dip. Kelly sighed again and pushed her bum back a bit, which I took as a sign to be braver, to delve deeper with my tongue. My hands gripped her buttocks more, prising apart her cheeks. 

 I looked down and her bottom, glistening with my salvia, split before me to show the pucker of her anus sitting in the faint line of smudged skin running up between her cheeks. I pointed my tongue down and licked against her anus, feeling the bump and crease round her hole with the very tip. She tasted musky, faintly sweaty and deliciously forbidden. She was moaning lowly to herself with every lick of my tongue and I dipped it right into her arsehole, tweaking the tight rim of her. I leant back a bit to view the spit glistening crack. I spat onto my fingers and ran them down between her buttocks, rubbing the red hole, feeling Kelly push up with hips more, inviting me to carefully push my forefinger into her arse.

 "Is that ok?" I said huskily.

 "Oh god...yes..." she said into the pillow.

 He spincter gripped my finger tightly, I eased it back and forth on the lubrication of my spit, in and out gently of her anus, my thumb curling round to rub between her legs.

 "Oh yes...do that more..."   

 I sat up and got between her thighs, the forefinger on my right hand still in her arse, and with my left I pushed under her, and into her gushingly wet pussy. I pressed and felt deep inside her the bulge my fingers were causing in both holes. I began to masturbate both, fingers sliding in and out fast and wet, her flesh parting in her arse, in her vulva, my spit and her cum squeaking and squelching. 

 Her bum bounced and rolled before me as she took the pumping of my fingers, her moans getting higher pitched, her body beginning to push in time with my fingers, until I felt her come, her vulva squeezing and squeezing, each squeeze making her gasp and cry out. I felt her anus contract too, my finger feeling the shaking of the whole area, in an amazing shuddering orgasm.

 Looking down at the sheer filthy beauty of it all turned me on incredibly, and I let my hands squeeze out of her, grasped my hard cock and began to wank myself. It was like emotion and desire and craziness had taken over, I knew I just had to come, feverishly masturbating so that within seconds spunk was bubbling up within me and spitting out over her bum cheeks, splattering her wet arse and dribbling down the crack.

 My shaking subsided and I slumped forward onto her, penis slapping against her wet buttocks. I kissed the back of her neck. She rolled under me, turning over, and my body slid beside her. We put our arms round each other and kissed slowly and sensuously.

 "Oh wow..."she said "you do some amazing things with those fingers..."

 I murmured in pleasure, burying my face in her hair.

 "Next time..." she said, between kisses on my cheek, "next time you can put your cock in..."  

"Really?"

 "Yes..." she said, "I quite like anal...You're big, but I think I'd like to feel you in my arse..."

 Momentarily I felt a little out of my depth. I'd never done anything like that before, and was pretty surprised as I reflected on where my tongue had just been. It had, in the moment, seemed like the most natural thing in the world to lick her anus, but actually it was a bit mind-blowing; and now she was actually saying I could put my penis into that tight hole too – like I'd seen on the hotel porn I used to watch, well that was a thought that was already making me hard again. But on top of that was the realisation she'd probably had anal sex before, and a strange mixture of jealousy and desire filled me.

 "You ok?" she asked; I'd been quiet in our embrace for a bit.

 "Me? Oh yes...I'm great..." I kissed her hard on the lips. We lay together on the bed, kissing and gently stroking each other, enjoying the relaxation of our bodies after our exertions.

 "Well, we ought to get up I guess" she said after a while. 

 I sighed and held tighter.

 "So..." she said.

 "Yes?"

 "So... I suppose you're going home today?"

 "Yes, 'fraid so..."

 "Will you be coming this way again soon?"

 I propped myself up on my elbows to look at her. Her face looked beautiful, framed by her tousled blonde hair on the pillow, her cheeks a little flushed.

 "I'm going to make sure I do" I said.

 She smiled." So this isn't just a one-off?"

 "Do you want it to be?"

 She shook her head, "no...I mean... I understand if that's what you want...you've got a girlfriend..."

 So I had. I had forgotten of course, or forgotten to think about her. I must have looked distant suddenly as Kelly reached out a hand to stroke my flaccid penis.

 "I mean..."she said, "Sex isn't usually this good...I would really like to see you again..."

 "Me too, "I said, looking down at her lithe fingers playing with my cock. It was gradually, slightly painfully stirring against her palm. She pulled on the foreskin, coaxing it into life. What this girl did to me was incredible. I closed my eyes to feel her grasp my hardening shaft. Once she knew she had me aroused again she shifted down the bed and pushed my cock between her lips, pulling my foreskin back so her mouth surrounding my exposed red glans. Her tongue slithered over me, coiling around and under. I began to push my hips back and forth, feeling my shaft slide between her lips.

 Kelly's left hand reached down between her own legs and scooped between them and she then brought up glistening fingers, sliding her forefinger under my balls, sliding under me, dipping to my anus and then staggeringly pushed into my arsehole. Her mouth worked at my penis, while her finger painfully stretched inside me, inching in and out, in time with her mouth sliding up and down my cock. Her tongue pressed under the head of my penis, my foreskin stretched tight against her lips, her fingers curled round the shaft, pulling and pushing me into her mouth. 

 I could hear her gasping for breath through her cock-filled mouth, and the squelch as she finger-fucked my arse. Briefly I thought about her talk of anal sex, and making a move, but the sensations from her mouth on my cock overwhelmed me.

 Everything was moving fast, I was jerking my hips, my head rolling on the pillow as I too gasped with anguished arousal, aware of the rising panic in me, as she tipped me over the edge and I began to come, my penis bursting and spurting spunk down her throat, making her choke and splutter, but she held on, her finger still pushed deep in me, her lips clamped round my penis to hold me like a bucking fire hose. My orgasm eased, and she moaned as she sucked the last drops of cum from me, her tongue slithering over the sensitive head of my penis. Her finger pulled back and plopped out my arse which ached a little from the stretch of her.

 With a loud slurp, she drew away from my cock and shuffled herself back up the bed. We kissed and I tasted my cum on her tongue. We giggled and nuzzled close.

 "Wow..." I said, "I'm going to be too knackered to do anything today!"

 Kelly laughed. "Me too, my jaw aches like anything...your cock is too big!"

 "Sorry...again..."

 "I'm not..."



 Eventually we got out of bed, showered and got ready for the day. At one point Kelly couldn't find her skimpy red thong and when I discovered it flung over on one side of the room she said I should hang on to it as a souvenir, and giggling, why didn't I wear it next time I came to see her. I said I would, kissing the thin fabric.

 In front of the hotel we kissed each other goodbye, saying we would text until we next met, which I said would have to be in a couple of weeks, stroking her cheek when she looked disappointed. I watched her walk off towards town in her heels, amazed at the beauty of her leaving me, tired with all the exertions of day and night, wondering if we would ever repeat the two days we'd just had, wondering if I could wait to see her again.

 The days passed with ordinary, everyday life. It was probably because the two nights with Kelly had been so incredible, so amazingly unbelievable, that I found I could almost think it hadn't happened, and so got on with my usual existence. On the drive home I'd planned to end it with my girlfriend, but once back in my flat I thought that maybe there wouldn't be another time with Kelly, maybe I'd made it in my mind something more than it was, and so dithered over doing anything – falling back into my old ways. Maybe Kelly went back and had sex with men she'd met in the club all the time, perhaps I shouldn't burn my bridges. It was pleasant to see my girlfriend, she hadn't stopped being nice, but I could tell the spark was gone and I probably thought the situation would resolve itself without me doing anything.



And then, after a few days, the texts started. What began as a few "hi, how are you" one liners, turned into longer, flirtier notes late in evening. You would snatch a moment between dances to tell me what she was wearing – "tonight I've got a black see-through babydoll on, with a tight black thong", or "going glam tonight, a figure-hugging dress, split to my thigh..." and then when she got back to her flat, would tell me what she was thinking of "I'd love you to peel my knickers off me with your teeth, and slip your tongue in my pussy..."

 I got into the swing of this too, texting her from work, telling her how hard I was thinking of her, thinking of bending her over a table to fuck her, how all I could do was re-live in my mind every sex drenched moment of the two nights we had. We kept each other simmering nicely for two whole weeks, and as it the time came round I was due a visit into the office near her, we began to get more excitable about seeing each other.

 As I packed the day before hitting the road, my phone beeped. It was a text from Kelly. "Can't wait to see you big boy. Come to club at 11. I've got plans for you my darling xx". I smiled. I hadn't looked forward to a trip away as much before.