 Chapter 1: Back to the Hotel

It was probably the fourth or fifth time she had danced for me, over a period of several months. I'd been coming here a bit longer, but Kelly had become my favourite, and I one of her "regulars". One time I had walked into the club, heading towards the bar and a tallish blonde girl had propelled herself from the shadows and strode alongside my shoulder, smiling, saying a seductive "hi, I'm Kelly". As is the way, I glanced down her body, taking in she was perhaps a little larger than the other girls, with considerable breasts barely contained by a black lacy camisole top, full thighs stretching her similarly lacy shorts tight and long healthy legs to her high heels. 

After nervously buying her a drink at the bar, we went to sit and there on a booth seat she sat close to me, those thighs crossed, her skin looking plump and golden, and the curve where her thigh turned into buttock was visible - I began to crave that body. There was a skinny girl slithering over the pole on the stage, but Kelly's curvy, womanly body was warm and close and so much more touchable.

She let me touch her when she danced now, and tonight had already been urging me to touch her more. It was generally against the club rules, but I guess she trusted me. We were upstairs in one of the private booths, and I was warming up after arriving in the cold night air, as Kelly moved her ample body about me. She was topless, but still wearing the skimpiest of red thongs, barely a sliver splitting her buttocks, and red platform heels. By now she knew I liked her showing off her arse and she was turned away from me, presenting her glorious rump to me, the lowlight catching the curve, the thong dipping into shadow between round plump cheeks.

"Go on, feel my bum, I know you want to..." she said.

Seated in the corner of the booth I reached out a hand to cup her as she backed into my crotch. Her skin was soft, warm and pliable, and I squeezed as much as I dared, my thumb inching ever slightly over her cheek to press and feel the curve where her skin cleaved, sensing the warmth there.

"Absolutely... gorgeous..." I sighed.

She pushed back further and sat in my lap, leaning back her head so her hair fell down her spine and a wave of her perfume drifted over me. My hands brushed round over her hips. She squeezed her bottom down and I felt the full weight of her buttocks press on my erection in my trousers. My hands were on her thighs holding her there, and she wriggled, sensing the bump now herself, pleased that I was so obviously turned on. I was always turned on by her, I'd got hard just walking up the stairs when I'd arrived earlier.

She leant forward a bit, the expanse of her lovely back glowing in the half-light before me. I looked down to see the bulge of the top of her buttocks sitting in my lap, my trousers twitching slightly beneath her. She leant back again, further this time so her back came close to my face; I nodded my head and lightly kissed by her spine, and I stretched my hands round, off her thighs and cupped the mound of her belly. She reached behind with her hands and ruffled my hair, and we essentially cuddled, a moment of tenderness in the eroticism of her dance.

Then she lifted herself off me again, and turned to face me. The front of her thong was the tiniest of triangles, her belly button some distance of it and her abdomen falling down to the red fabric barely covering her, in fact I could just see the edge of her labia pressed out by the tightness of the thong. The string round her waist cut in a little, the skin of her sides and hips curving away from it. She looked at me, our eyes met and I smiled at her pretty, pretty face, and she curled a finger under the string on one hip and began to pull down. She reached out the other hand to caress my cheek, leaning towards me, breasts swinging forward, her cleavage shimmering with a sprinkle of glitter. Her thong fell over her thighs and tangled at her heels, and for the fourth, or fifth time, her pudenda was before me, a smallish goatee of light blonde hair, the crease of her vulva just visible.

Her body swayed to the music, and she ran her hands over her belly and up to cup her breasts. She knew by touching herself she was making me think of me touching her, of grabbing that juicy skin and burying myself in her warmth. She lowered herself to her haunches, her hands reaching out to rub my thighs, her head going to one side to rest on my leg and then hovering forward in her wonderful imitation of giving a blow job - she would swoop her mouth over my trouser clad groin, and it seemed that every time she danced for me she would get closer and closer to placing her lips on my straining crotch. 

Her right hand crawled up my thigh and then her fingers curled round my erection beneath my trousers - it was lolling to my right feeling huge, and feeling even more huge in her hand. She held it, ever so gently moving it up and down like a lever. "Very naughty" she said, and I looked into her eyes as if to say it was all down to her, which it was. Her fingers squeezed me, feeling to the tip.

"I didn't put on boxers this time" I said. She giggled, "that's such a good idea!" And she dived forward quickly pressing an open mouth against the bulge, pushing my penis against my skin so I could feel my own wetness, and then rising up, hands on my thighs to lift her body, and then she was climbing onto me, her breasts passed my face, her nipples brushing my lips and nose - I breathed in deeply, her perfume engulfing me. Her knees were either side of my hips, her thighs squashing my thighs. She placed her hands on my neck, my cheeks, her head bowing so her hair fell and tickled in my face. I reached around myself to hold her lower back, palms rubbing down to the tops of her buttocks, pulling her onto me more. 

She lightly kissed my cheek, whispering into my ear, "oo, I could go all the way with you". I laughed and squeezed her arse. We'd fallen into saying these things quite a bit when we met; there was an easy intimacy between us. I suspected she was like this with most men she danced for and the insinuation that she was up for it was a great away to pique a man's interest and a man's interest meant more dances and more money. I figured early on I would be honest with her, and not try to be aloof or arrogantly believe she was just there to dance for me - I told her every time I saw her I thought she was lovely, I admired her body, gave compliments, looked her in the eye when I could rather than just ogling her breasts or between her legs.

She lifted herself off me, a hand trailing over my thigh and bumping over my trousers, and sat close by on the booth seat. 

"Mind if I take a breather?" she said.

"Of course not, that's fine" I said, "I think I could do with one too..."

She smiled and looked pointedly at my groin. "It's nice to see my dancing works," she giggled.

"Every time" I replied, "every time". 

Her hair framed her face, her blue eyes caught the soft glow from the table lamp on the other side of the booth. She sat there, a lovely vision, completely naked next to me, her round heavy breasts sitting proudly, her body turned to me, thighs lifted up on the seat so her abdomen was hidden in shadow - I almost liked these moments more, when she wasn't dancing but just sitting, casually nude and friendly next to me.

"So how's your evening been?" I asked.

"Not so good really", she grimaced."

"How come?"

"Oh I don't know, just some arseholes" she shrugged, "the kind that make me realise I love it when you come" and she caressed my thigh, leaving her hand sitting there.

I smiled, warming to her words, but then frowned, "you shouldn't have to put up with arseholes".

"Not much choice really."

"What did they do?"

"Oh just a couple of blokes being a bit too pushy, you know, wandering hands, saying things to me."

"Like what?"

"Oh, you know, what they wanted to do to me" she looked down, "as if I'd do anything with them." 

"You really shouldn't have to put up with that"

"Hey, not everyone is as nice as you" She looked at me and smiled. "One of them of them wanted me to meet him in his hotel later, can you believe it?"

She'd mentioned before some of the other girls supplemented their dancing with what I suppose was essentially prostitution, heading back to hotels in the city to get more money away from the prohibitions and restrictions of the club. It seemed a big leap from lap dancing.

I was shaking my head, as she continued, "I mean I'd go back with you any time, if you asked, but not with those lowlifes".

Her words jolted me and I looked at her face directly.

"Don't act surprised!" She laughed, meeting my gaze, "you know I fancy you. I wouldn't even make you pay". 

She said it like she meant it. I was taken aback, my heart thumping in my chest. But it wasn't surprise though really, it was excitement, it was like confirmation of something I had denied, that actually there were feelings in me for Kelly that were more than I would have for any girl, for any dancer in the club.

"I - I guess," I stuttered, "I really..."

"Yes?" She circled a finger on my thigh.

"I really fancy you too" I sighed, reaching to lay my hand on top of hers.

She got up from the seat, leant in to whisper in my ear, "mm, that's want I want to hear".

She began to dance again, pushing her breasts into my face, the warm perfumed skin pressing against my lips. I closed my eyes with pleasure, her nipples were hard and sweetly soft at the same time, tickling my lips, and my cheek as she swooped away. I opened my eyes to watch her spin, her hands trailing over her hips, her arse presented, wiggled and again she turned. Her breasts swung with her, her hair drifted over her eyes, my eyes half shut, half open, gazed in wonder at the beauty of her nude display. She came back to the seat and climbed up again, laying her body across my lap, so her arse sat on my groin, her legs over my thigh and stretched out to my left; she propped herself up on an elbow on the seat by my right side, and her other hand reached out to smooth down her abdomen and her fingers walked along the strip of pubic hair and touched the crease of her labia.

She was looking at me, as I alternated my gaze between her face and what she was doing with her fingers - oh - now they were prising her labia slightly apart. The skin of her body was golden in this light, but the flesh she opened was darker, glistening slightly, and I could smell the tang of her. My penis pressed underneath her, my hands crawling on the seat to find skin where they could.

In all the times I had come here...well I'd never come here if you know what I mean, but boy I felt close now - but in all my visits, all my dances I hadn't ever been so turned on. I closed my eyes, and leant my head back against the booth, pressing my penis upwards against her buttocks. She in turn pressed down, rolling herself on me. 

She sat up a bit, the weight of her heavier on me, my penis straining. I heard her voice close to my ear: "just imagine, at your hotel we could do this... with both of us naked". I opened my eyes, seeing her face so close it was almost touching. Her full lips smiled, "just imagine" and she pushed her bum down, pushing my penis under my trousers so it slipped and rolled over my thigh. 

"What time do you finish tonight?" I murmured. 

"I could get off at 1." 

"I could get off now..."

She spluttered with laughter, her bum cheeks shaking on my lap. "Hmm, you should cool down, if we want to have fun later..."

"You'll come?" And I laughed too, the air felt hotter, the music seemed to have faded away and we'd lost track of time. I felt flushed, my cheeks must have been glowing, and the intimacy between us, the flirtatious wordplay was better than it had ever been. All the times before seem to have brought us to this point, where the lust between us, the desire, the anticipation was so intense, it was incredible. 

"Oh yes, I'll come", she said, "and so will you, lots and lots and lots." With each word she bumped my cock with her bottom. "But we'd better go downstairs now..."

She given me more time than I'd paid for, but I was sorry when she lifted herself off me. I reached out a hand to caress her hip; and then sat back, unashamed of the bulge of my trousers as she got dressed in front of me.

"I can definitely get away at 1," she was saying, bending over to pick up the thin coil of her thong, "I have to do a dance on the pole, and maybe another party, but then I'm free..."

My face must have frowned slightly, as she said, "don't worry honey, I'll be thinking of you! But we shouldn't let on we're heading off together." She reached out to pick up her dress, pulling it quickly over her head. I was sorry to see her nakedness covered.

"No, I guess not" I said.

"They don't like thinking we're making money elsewhere". She held out her hand to pull me up to standing, "But like I said, this isn't about money, this is about me and you."

We kissed, and she led me out of the booth, "Leave just before 1 and meet me outside Costa around the corner, you know? I shouldn't be more than 10 minutes. You'll wait for me won't you?"

"I'd wait all night.., I'd do anything for that bum, you know that, " I said and squeezed her hand quickly; she laughed and squeezed back and led me back down stairs into the busy bar and with a brief smile she was off through the crowd. I watched her hips sway under her short red dress and then headed to get a drink.

I spent the next hour or so wandering between bar and the seats round the stage. I turned down politely each girl who approached; with some I chatted for a bit, jointly admiring the pole dancers, but always ended up declining a dance with them, "just watching" I said, and they were ok with that. That was one of the nice things about this place, it was generally ok to suit yourself, to party or not to party, to be sociable or not. The various men circled and avoided eye contact if in singles, or were boisterous but contained if in groups. The club was designed do what it did, and it did it well. It catered for our manly desire for female flesh, and not for the first time I wondered who was exploiting who. It did seem amazing to me that on an ordinary day, on an ordinary street, in an ordinary town, you could walk in to this club, pay a tenner at the top of the steps and within minutes and another £60 later, have a naked girl writhing on your lap. Extraordinary.

When Kelly appeared on stage I forgot the particular girl by my side and watched intently as my girl began to swing herself gracefully round the silver pole, and a bumping, grinding song filling the room. She was wearing a flimsy satin slip that rode up over her buttocks as she bent and twisted. The thin straps and low neckline barely covered her breasts - they swung as she turned and her nipples peaked through the fabric. When she grabbed the pole and swung herself upside down, the slip fell and that red thong was visible to all, her cheeks juddering with movement, her thighs clamping hard to hold her. I'd seen her dance before but this time felt all the more special and I felt stirrings of pride within me, that and the imagination of what we might do in my hotel room later.

Kelly twirled the slip from her body and caressed her breasts while leaning with her back to the pole. She looked out to spot me in the shadows and blew a kiss to the room that I knew was meant for me. With the same hand she reached down her body, sliding her finger tips into the crotch of her thong, tilting her head back as if in pleasure. I saw several men in the room lean forward, taking in her beautiful gyrating in the spotlight. She spun round the pole, tugging her thong down and over her heels - an action that bent her forward and showed her arse to full effect and the briefest of glances of the twin curves of her labia - flicked her thong to the side and strode off, her bum cheeks rising and falling with her strut, disappearing behind the curtain, leaving us all wanting to follow her into the dark. I smiled to myself, thinking if only the other men in the room knew that I was the one to who she would soon be strutting.

It was chilly outside the coffee shop round the corner. I'd left five minutes ago and now stood with my jacket back on, hands in pockets, pretending to read my phone. As the warmth and noise of the club faded the excitement in me was cooling too. I felt tired, and I became concerned she wouldn't show. This was a big step and although we'd built up - a what - friendship, relationship? - over the past year, we didn't really know each other did we? What did I know about her? 

She was 24, she lived in a flat on her own, she was studying during the day to be a social worker, she wanted to work with children mostly, dancing was paying for her college fees, but the temptation to get more money from more dancing shifts was strong, but would affect her studies; there'd been a boyfriend but then things got too busy to see each other, but I got sense he still sniffed around. She was happy with her weight, she loved the feel of her breasts, her boobs, she loved it when men sighed and looked like they would come when she sat on them, she told me things I wanted to hear - that I was nice, considerate, charming, good-looking. She'd place her hand over my cock beneath my trousers as if was just the thing two strangers should do on a Thursday night, any night.

And what did she know about me? Not much, though I had at least told her my real name the first time we met. She knew my work, vaguely in sales for a distributor of educational supplies, brought me to her town once a month, occasionally more, sometimes less. How I stayed in a hotel round the corner, a pretty swanky one really, a standard I could get used to compared to my flat back home, a flat I shared with a girlfriend of 3 years. She knew I was older than her, 33, and that both my work and home life could be summed up as having reached a point I didn't know what to do next, but that both carrying on unchanged wasn't really an option. She knew I liked her bum best of all, that I would be shy and nervous when I first arrived, but unfailingly polite and complimentary. I'd have a Jack Daniels and coke, and would never spend more than £150 on a night, and after she'd danced for me I'd slip out the club and head back to my room, where I would think of her body and masturbate before watching crap TV and falling asleep.

Maybe it was enough. God, I wanted to see her, to know the feelings that she'd stirred weren't false, and I was hard again thinking of her, and thinking of having the freedom to touch her as much and in as many places that I couldn't do in the club. 

I looked up as the sound of heel steps came down the street. Round the corner she came, smiling, wearing a black coat that went to her calves; it was unbuttoned and revealed Kelly was wearing boots to just below her knee, a short black skirt that clung to her thighs, and a shimmery silver blouse that billowed loosely, the top few buttons undone, her cleavage prominent, a necklace drawing the eye to her glowing skin. She had run a brush through her hair, and her make-up was fresh, her eyes glinting - she looked vibrant and sexy. I moved forward and we hugged as it was ages since we'd last seen each other, finding our lips coming together fast and hard. I staggered a bit and leant against the window of the coffee shop, her perfume filling my nostrils, the taste of her lipstick sticky in my mouth, her tongue diving and pressing mine. I felt a hand snake down my front to rub vigorously at my crotch.

"Have you been keeping this warm for me?" she said between kisses.

"Hmm, thinking of you has kept me warm" I replied.

"Excited?" she asked, "I am..."
