 The Centerfold Girl

Jack and Jill picks up where they left but…

Jack was in the shower singing along with the song “Bring Back The Pieces” by the Spiral Staircase playing in the phonograph in his room. After the shower, he dried himself with the towel and wrapped it around his waist. He looked into the mirror and asked himself whether to shave or not. He decided to shave and after having done so splashed Pub After-Shave on his face. Ahh, uncorks the lusty life! He sighed to himself savoring the manly scent and recalling that favorite line he’d often seen on Playboy Magazine’s advertisement of the Pub Cologne.

Padding to his room naked, he felt in the mood to masturbate. His cock stirred whenever he thought of one particular girl featured in Girls of California from a Playboy Magazine issue. Her name was Jill Blossom, blonde, sexy, big boobs and looked uncannily like Jill Olson. Jill Olson was an exchange student from Europe and living with their neighbor the Wheatfields. Jill introduced herself to him one day and helped him washed his daddy’s car, which eventually led them to have sex at the poolside of his home as they were all alone by themselves. After that scintillating tryst, Jack never saw Jill again, which made him very depressed. Eight months had passed and it seemed that she had completely disappeared in his life. 

Whenever Jack would turn to Jill’s photo in Playboy, he’d start masturbating to drive his blues away. Well, better than drugs or alcohol he would say to himself, as he still wanted to keep his sanity intact. He didn’t want to end up like those who OD’ed to death or sent to asylums just because of a problem that seemed to have no solsution. 

Jill’s photo in Playboy showed that she was blonde and not with dark hair when Jack met her. But the body, the face was unmistakably Jill’s. She was posed against a wall, her face turned seductively to the reader with big smoldering eyes, smiling pink lips, gleaming white teeth, and blonde hair cascading down past her shoulder. Her body was in a quarter view clad in way thin animal print dress opened all the way in front revealing the side of her bare breast, fulsome and shapely with swollen nipples and areola. Her right hand leaned against the wall while her left touched gracefully her lower hip side with a nice glimpse of left ass cheek on view. 

Jack asked Mr. Wheatfield about her whereabouts but was told simply that she had gone to live in another place near the school and she didn’t call back to let him know anything at all. She had also suddenly dropped out of school without a word or even a call to him. 

From then on Jack almost messed up with his studies and broke up with Nicole just because he was always thinking of Jill and wondering why she had ticked off on him without a trace. When he discovered that picture in Playboy, he couldn’t stop masturbating. It was only now that he had slowed down. He had already abstained for six days, an already incredible feat on his part but now it seemed he was going to slide back to the habit.

Just when he was about to stroke his thickening dick a call came on and he reluctantly picked up the phone as he started lying down on the bed.

“Jack, its Jill Olson,” a whispered voice came on.

“Jill!” So surprised, “where are you?’ He bolted up.

“126 Oceanview Drive. If you know the place, come on over. There’s someone who broke into my house and I’m scared.”

“Did you call the police?”

“No, I want you to come over. Please, I’ll wait for you.”

“Jill, yeah, I’ll…” his voice broke off as she hung up the phone. 

“Gosh, Jill what kind of a creature are you? Now you see, now you don’t and now you’re back,” Jack was talking to himself as he dressed up hurriedly in khakis, an olive green shirt and Hush Puppies slip-ons. Must he bring his father’s gun? No the chako, a martial arts weapon would do. Now’s the time to show his judo/karate skill to whomsoever it may concern. And he’s really mad. He tucked the chako into his pants behind his back and threw on his brown suede jacket and ran down the stairs. His parents were in the living room playing cards in the sofa when he ran down the stairs

“Mom, Dad I’ll just go to Nick’s, forgot something,” he called out to them.

“Oh, Nick, always Nick is what you hear from that son o’ yours,” Felix Meoff said to his wife, Mildred. 

“Careful on your driving son?” said his mother as she turned to him.

“Yeah,” he said and closed the door behind him.

His Mustang pulled over at the gate of her nice garden bungalow house, overlooking the ocean. He got out of the car and entered the open gate, closed it behind him and walked toward the front porch. The living room light was open and so was the front door. 

“Jill,” he called out as he approached the door and there she appeared, wearing a corset inspired top, buttons loosed to display her impressive cleavage and a pink satin pajama pants.

“Jill, how are you?” 

“I’m all right, come in.” She’s still so beautiful but now she looked womanly more than before. He wanted to hug her but strangely he did not. He became shy.

“How’d he get in?” 

“In the bedroom,” she said and turned to walk toward the bedroom.

He followed darting his eyes all around the house checking the décor. He stopped at the doorway and asked permission to enter. 

“Yeah, sure,” she said.

“Why don’t you tell me what happened?” He said taking off his jacket and tossing it onto a chair. 

“I was asleep and I awoke because I felt something.”

“Like what?”

“That my window was open.”

“And then?”

“He was standing right there, exactly where you’re standing.”

“Yo’ sure?” He said, flicking his eyes to the window with the blowing the thin curtain inwardly and to her.

“Yeah.”

“Did you take a good look at him?”

“Yeah, about your height, weight and come to think of it he looked like you.”

“So he’s handsome, huh?”

“No, sorry he’s not my type.”

Jack chortled a little laugh.

“So what did the ‘ugly’ man do to you?”

“He came toward me.”

“He came toward you? Like this?” he said moving towards her.

“Yeah and then he grabbed me by the throat,” she continued.

“Like this?” he demonstrated.

“Stronger than that,” she said so he put another hand behind her neck, almost choking her.

“Like this?” he said and she groaned.

“Then what did he do next.”

“He pushed me down on the bed and forced himself on top of me.” 

Jack pushed her down. “Then what?” 

“He kissed me,” she said. 

“Where?” His mouth closing in on hers. She reached up her face to kiss him, salaciously but brief. 

“Then?”

“He ripped off my shirt,” she said panting.

Jack ripped off her shirt, and her opulent breasts confined in a lacy bra jumped into view. He kissed her again and then nuzzled his face on her buxom chest kissing its parts.

“Did you put up a fight?”

“No, because I like kissing him cause I miss him so much,” she said smiling. 

Now he knew. She’s just smartly playing a role.

“I miss you Jack,” he said wrapping her arms around him smiling.

“I miss you too Jill. Where the hell have you been?”

“I’ll tell you that later,” she said and forced herself to roll over on top of him. Jack sighed as she straddled on his thighs, quickly unbuttoning his shirt and tugging it off his body. 

“Ouch! Wait a second,” he said and pulled the chako out of his back.

“What’s that?” 

“Just a weapon.”

She smoothed his hard chest with her hands and tickling his tiny nipples with her long fingernails and fluttering kisses on them.

“So you took control?”

“And he didn’t put up a fight.”

Then with a predatory grin, she started unbuckling his belt, zipping open his pants and extricating his hardening member.

“Uhmmm, this is the weapon of yours that I missed, the one that opened me to the joy of sex,” she said stroking his hardening cock earnestly, running the point of her nose alaong the underside of the shaft. Jack was so exhilarated that he felt he was goner unable to take control of his impending release. The moment she sucked the head, swirled her tongue around it played his balls and licked the underside, his cocked jerked in response and blasted four ropes of cum straight up in the air. Jill kept stroking him and directed his shooting cock to her breasts. When he’s done she licked his spermy cock and sucked a bit more.

“Ohh,” Jack groaned. “Look what you’ve done to me. I didn’t even get a fuck.”

“You’ll get it afterwards, I haven’t even fuck you yet too, have I?” she said looking at a strand of come dangling under her finger and licked it.

“No Jack, we won’t fuck. We’ll make love later. Although it’s technically the same I prefer making love than fucking, it sounds more meaningful and romantic. 

“You have a big story to tell me,” he said licking his lips across while staring at her ample breasts.

“Yeah big boy, right after I wash you up,” she said and climbed out of bed to go to the bathroom.

When she came back a small towel hung over her neck, and she was carrying a little basin filled with water and a facial towel. Her pants had come off and she was just wearing black g-string panties.

After washing and drying him she snuggled to her side planting tiny kisses on his cheek, neck, soft and tender kisses on his lips, caressing his face and body. Then she began to tell her story.

“You know what happened to the Wheatfields right? Mrs. Wheatfield’s car, smashed by a drunken driver in the supermarket and she in coma after that?” she said and he nodded. 

Sure enough Mr. Wheatfield was inconsolable. I was really upset and wanted to be of any help so the next night I tried to console Mr. Wheatfield, telling him not to worry and that his wife would pull it through. That night, I dreamt of you that you came into my room pulled down the covers off my body and started eating me out. When I was about to come to a fantastic orgasm I opened my eyes and saw Mr. Wheatfield rolled off from my body.”

“He felt sorry he did that to me but later on he kept coming on to me. But since he’s a married man I’m not up to be having an affair with him until one night he drugged me and he was able to get what he wanted. He told me that I should go and put me in an apartment he rented for me. At that time, his wife had awakened from coma and was recovering quite well. He told his wife that it didn’t look good that he’s alone there in the house with me so he let me go and find another place to stay. The wife asked him why he had to do that feeling concern about where would I go. He told me that he couldn’t stand the sight of me parading in the house with shorts and all that temptation thing that he wouldn’t want to fall into, trying to cover up his infidelity.”

Jack was stirring hard again when her hand descended over it and was wagging his cock side by side.

“Go ahead, what happened next?” Jack prodded on, his hips slightly squirming.

“I became his mistress. He goes there everyday and makes love to me.”

“Oh, shit,” Jack growled. 

“I felt terrible at first but he showered me with whatever I needed, bought me dresses, food to last for every week, brought me to concerts, games and to all the good times that would make a girl happy. I told him what had happened between the two us when you started looking for me and he tried to get you out of my mind.”

Now and then Jill kissed Jack’s cock gingerly. Then she continued. “When his wife finally returned home, he couldn’t make it coming to my apartment regularly. I began to miss him too but he kept sending me money, flowers and I started to feel that I owe a lot to his kindness. He professed his love to me that if his wife had only died he’d surely marry me. I told him that he should go back to his wife because I don’t feel comfortable being tied up with a married man. It wasn’t right after all.” 

One day he told me that he had decided to let me go on my own for it was getting difficult for him to manage his schedule, he was promoted in his job and it entailed a lot of work and hassle over his schedule. Mr. Wheatfield was a kind man to be able to reach that decision and he gave me a lot of money for my freedom and from there I left the apartment and chose a less pricey one.”

“Did you enjoy making love with Mr. Wheatfield?”

“Hmm, yeah though his dick is less bigger than yours.” She smiled.

“Why didn’t you contact me afterwards?”

“I was about to do that but with my newfound freedom I decided to clean slate my life first, look into the future and forget awhile what had happened to me in the Wheatfield’s home where everything started including my right of passage in your pool. I feel like I have to go on and start something for my life, earn money and continue my school life, which was disrupted.”

“That was eight months without hearing from you and I started acting like crazy, messing up my school work and never dating anyone. I even broke off with Nicole the girl I was seeing before you came along.”

“Why?” She asked.

“Because of you, I don’t know if I’m so crazy in love with you or by the sudden loss of contact with you which really puzzled me most.”

“I told you I’ll be around. Things happened. If I was in Mrs. Wheatfield’s car it could have been a disaster for me. She wanted me to come with her that time but I was thinking of you, I was horny as a goat and planning to sneak into your place. Thinking of you makes a busted pipe out of my pussy.”

“Why did you have to go along with Mr. Wheatfield?”

“Oh forget about Mr. Wheatfield, my relationship with him is finito, over and gone. Are you jealous?”

Jack didn’t speak. 

“Hey what happened to your cock, it softened. It was already hard a minute ago.”

“No, it just crossed my mind why Wheatfield had to do it with you.”

“Admit it like a man, he was attracted to me of course.” 

“Who else got attracted to you?”

“Ok, I’ll go on with my story. So I got my own place and one day I was taking breakfast at this sidewalk café when this guy with a camera approached me and asked me if I could pose for me in a non-nude or nude photos.”

“I told this guy that I don’t do that kind of job. But he was great at convincing me and gave me his card, which I called eventually. I learned that he was recruiting playmates for Playboy magazine and told me all about the opportunities if I get picked out. So I posed for him, not nude, just in my undies and when he sent my photos to Playboy, I was chosen to do a pictorial for Girls of California. It was easy and the pay was good.”

“Did you fuck this photographer guy?”

“Well, yeah twice.”

“Jesus, oh man,” he moaned like he would cry.

“Don’t be such a jealous type. I fucked him because I was curious. He was a fat guy and I want to know how a fat guy fucks. I am young and inexperienced. Anyway he’s a good guy.”

“Do you still see him?”

“He doesn’t know where I live now. This is the new house I got. Though I’m still paying for it. But I was lucky you know I was lined up to be the Playmate for January. And Playboy told me that I have the potential to be a candidate for Playmate of the Year!” 

“I was right along that it’s you right there among the Girls of California. Gosh, I jerked off for God knows how many times at that picture of yours. I talked it to it like crazy, asking where are you, show up to me or I’ll jump over the Golden Gate.”

“I knew you’d get hold of that,” she giggled.

“Did Hugh Hefner come on you?”

“No, he’s a nice guy, a gentleman, he’s got his own girl. But in one of the parties I attended at the Playboy Mansion, an actor by the name of James Caan hit on me, very persistent that I gave in.”

“Who the fuck is James Caan?”

“A guy who loves to eat pussy and he was so insatiable at that? But he’s not a good fucker, he’s so rough.”

“How many guys did you do, Jill?”

“Oh, ah let me see there’s this funny person named Woody Allen, a singer named Anthony Newly, and the actor Warren Beatty, the handsomest of all and fucked me six times over the night.”

“O god and I had no one, I didn’t get anyone, I was so focused on you, I always think that I was in love and I was hurting that I don’t see you, Oh god and you’re right there fucking a lot of men…how could you?”

“I was enjoying my life. Then when Mick Jagger…” 

“Oh gosh, my idol shit! This is shit crazy, you’ve been fucking a horde of guys and…”

“Hey shut up will you! I didn’t fuck Mick, okay?”

“Why?”

“Why? Cause I have my period then,” she said and laughed. 

“Don’t be mad, I’m just telling you the story of my life. Oh look at your poor penis here, he’s gone soft and asleep. Time to wake up,” she said playing with it. “You know, I’ve never seen a soft penis. See, it’s nice, I could put it all in my mouth,” she said bobbing up and down her head over it. “Jesus, now it’s waking up. Lazarus is waking up, he’s a monster, biggie, biggie one-eyed monster,” she said dribbling it over her tongue.”

“Did Nicole enjoy your cock?”

“She’s scared of it.”

“Really?” 

“Didn’t you fuck her?”

“Yeah, I did but she didn’t want a repeat performance. Said I was too big for her. It’s my fault probably I became too rough with her, I wasn’t gentle maybe because I was thinking of you, the passion that we had, so right and so damn fuckingly good for lack of word to say. And I’m mad for loosing you.”

“Let’s get a repeat of that shall we. Watch me. Jill will handle your cock just stay right there, lie down and I’ll give you the fuck of the century.”

“By the way Jack, do you wanna marry me?”

“No,” he said.

“Good,” she said, “But do you love me?” she asked.

“Yes.”

“Now, that’s what I want to hear,” and she kissed him tenderly and affectionately on the lips. Her kisses are different, the taste and the thrill was incredibly divine. 

“Your kiss is soothing to my soul and gets me hot and ready to make love,” she said, and “you may not know it, but your lips are sensual and I like the way you kiss me even if you’re mad and scowling like that.”

Jill stood on the bed and slipped of her panties. “There they go,” she said tossing them nonchalantly across the room.

Jack looked at the triangle bush between her legs. It’s now trimmed unlike before.

“Looks like you had a hair cut down there, huh?”

“Ever heard of waxing, like waxing your surf board, Playboy did that to me and gave me my nutritious diet plus some good exercises to tone my muscle. Nobody stares at me like that and makes my pussy quiver and juice up,” she said brushing a finger into the cleft and then leaning before him. “Taste it lover boy, suck my finger?” she ordered holding her slick finger to his mouth. He obliged and sucked her finger as she commanded. It was like magic he loved it and his libido roared.

“Know what jack?” she said kneeling astride before him. You’re going to make love to a sophisticated woman.

“And you’re gonna make love to a poor schmuck like me? Forget it, I’m outta here,” he said.

“What?”

“You heard me, I don’t intend to put my dick into a whore’s cunt,” he uttered in a low voice hurriedly dressing up.

“You called me a whore!” She was enraged. “Then get out of my house Jack. You’ll never gonna see me again in person. Yes, I know you’ll buy that January issue where I’m gonna be the centerfold playmate and jacking off in front of my glossy picture will be the only closest way you can get. Yeah, Jack is your name so you could jack off till you’re old and gray.”

He turned to her and was about to slap her. But she was quick to move back. “Is that how cheap you can get, hurt me, batter me physically and emotionally. Now go Jack and don’t come back I don’t wanna see your face again.” 

“Bitch!” Jack blurted out, turned around and walked away. But deep inside he felt defeated.

“Hey, don’t forget your boy toy here, your dildoe or whatever,” she said angrily throwing them on the doorstep and slammed the door behind him. 
