 (Authors note: My thanks to BrokenBrumbyGirl for her work as a volunteer editor. Not only did she edit this but she helped put me at ease over submitting something for others to read. Also thanks to the anonymous reading who pointed out a major spelling error. I'm shocked a didn't spot it.)

*

Staff Sergeant (SSgt) Charlie Magee walked down the blacktop pavement heading to the Commander's officer. Senior Airman (SrA) Lucy Peterson walked beside him. She was hanging onto his left arm and tugging it back towards the way they had come. Lucy tugged so hard it pulled him off balance which forced his arm between her tits. He was heading to the Commander's office with Lucy's military issued rifle, an M16, slung over his right shoulder. 

The unit they were stationed with was locked down in a military exercise, where no one could leave the site for 2 weeks. The Sergeant had found Lucy's rifle unattended for the third time. This is a court martial offense. Most of the time on the first offense would only be a warning. Maybe some paperwork like a reprimand, maybe an Article 15. An Article 15 could cost her money out of her pay, confine her to the base, or give her extra duty (work) to perform. In extreme cases it could cost her a stripe, but SSgt Magee wasn't planning on going that far. In fact, he wasn't planning on going into the Commander's office at all. He only wanted to scare the young airman into keeping better control over her weapon, after all he did like her. 

But this was a military exercise, a Commander's evaluation of the unit's combat readiness. They were supposed to be acting like they were at war, but few seemed to take it seriously. SSgt Magee was the Security NCO (Non-Commissioned Officer) for the unit. He was tired of picking up unattended or unsecured weapons all over the site. Maybe he was taking his frustration out on Lucy. But in his mind, he was doing what was best for her, possibly scaring her would make her more aware of her weapon. So here he was walking down the road toward the Commander's office with Lucy tugging on his arm when she said the words that he never expected to hear. 

"I'll do anything, anything if you don't turn me in." She emphasized the second anything.

He looked at Lucy, unable to control his eyes from glancing down at her ample chest. He had fantasized often about them. How big were they really, at times they looked huge, but was that just a push up bra? But being a higher rank than she was, he would never have expected to have a chance to find out. Her nipples immediately hardened, showing through her bra. He couldn't help it, his eyes darted to her chest. He quickly looked back up to her face while turning a bit red from embarrassment. He cursed himself for being caught looking. But Lucy repeated it again while looking down at her own breasts, purposely looking at each nipple then back to his eyes. Her voice softened, just a bit sexier.

"I will do anything, and I do mean anything." She again emphasized the second "anything". Not expecting the "all business" Sergeant to actually take her up on what she was offering.

He stumbled, blushing brighter at the thought of her naked tits. He wondered what would her nipples look like? How firm were they, would they sag when the bra came off? What would her lips feel like sliding up and down his shaft? He shook his head to clear the thoughts going through his mind. When she saw him blush and shake his head, she was sure that she could stop him from visiting the Commander now. She stepped just a little closer to him squeezing his arm and pulling it tighter between her breasts. Pressing her chest firmly into his arm, allowing him to feel how firm they were. Her heart started speeding up, she was getting very nervous, this could make things worse. After all the Air Force had just started classes on sexual harassment.

Charlie's arm wasn't big and bulky with muscles, but it was firm, and she had seen him moving boxes with ease that others had to struggle with. This was the Air Force, but many on the small military site believed him to be a what they called an "ate up maggot", someone that was too "gung-ho" to be a member. Perhaps he should have been a soldier in the Army or a Marine. Truth was he had been in the Army Reserves but had crossed over to the regular Air Force after two years. When he had joined the Army, he was only 135 pounds, and at 6'3" was skinny as a rail with a 30-inch waist. His Drill Sergeant's had him drinking as much milk a day as he could swallow. He was fast, this was evident in Army Basic hand to hand combat training. When others would try to take him down, he quickly moved out of the way and countered, normally catching his opponent off guard and knocking them to the ground. Only those that were accomplished in martial arts could drop him. Charlie wasn't the best, but he could hold his own. SSgt Magee had also boxed and had recently started studying martial arts, an interest that he gained from the hand to hand combat in Basic Training. This was a little-known fact about him that most on the military site didn't know.

Members of his unit didn't really know much about Charlie, he separated his work from this home life. Few even knew that he was married with 2 children at home. Because of this life style he barely let anyone befriend him. He didn't invite other unit members over to his place, he didn't go out and drink with the buddies. Charlie had a unique marriage; his wife didn't really enjoy sex but didn't mind him having an affair now and again. She had even helped set him up a couple of times with women so they could do or let him do what she could not. She really like to see him pleased, but because of her being sexually abused when she was a child, she did not like to achieve a climax. She had only had two with Charlie, and she hated the feeling because it brought back to many bad memories. While she did try to please him, she wasn't really capable of sexually satisfying him. Charlie was satisfied as much by what he could do with the lady, helping her climax as well as what was done to him. He was confused over the whole thing with his wife, but after she had set him up a couple of times with women they knew, he had settled into this lifestyle. He was very discrete and careful about who he had affairs with. If the fact got out that he was having them, it could ruin his Air Force career, and that, he protected. The Air Force was his life. 

SrA Peterson felt him slow down as he considered his options, she made sure that she rubbed her hard nipple across the back of his arm hoping it would affect him, perhaps he would consider what she was now proposing. Charlie definitely felt the hard nipple on his arm.

"You have any idea what you're saying?" he asked her gruffly.

She pulled back a little, a little "put off" by the way he said it, suddenly afraid that this was going to go badly for her.

"Yes" she said meekly, quickly making up her mind that it was now or never. 

He stopped, pulled away from her and turned to face her. Her heart dropped into her stomach as his eyes turned from embarrassed to a more serious look. 

"OK, let's go back here", nodding with his head towards a building back down the road that they had been walking on. 

They walked in silence, she had tried to hold on to his arm once again, but he pulled away from her. She was nervous now, not knowing what he was thinking. He was quiet, his gait had changed to one more businesslike, almost like he was marching her back to the building. His look stern as he considered taking her up on her offer. Would she turn on him, causing him to lose a rank, try to cause trouble between him and his wife, maybe ruining his career? Lucy wasn't the prettiest girl in the unit, but to him she was one of the sexiest. He always thought that her breasts were the best in the unit. She was 5'9" weighed 130 pounds, with light brown or dirty blonde hair, always up off her collar as military regulations required. 

Her waist wasn't exactly slim, but not fat, nor did she have that little pouch above the belt line that a lot of women have. She didn't have any children yet, but she had what some would refer to as child bearing hips, a slight hour glass figure. She wasn't defined with muscle, but she was in good shape. She watched what she ate, and her weight. The military was strict on that, there was even a regulation in the Air Force that if you didn't look good in a uniform, they could put you on the weight control program. She didn't work out except to run 3 days a week to stay ready for the mile and a half run that the Air Force's PT (physical training) test required. Since it was summer, she had her over blouse (shirt) off showing the green t-shirt that accented her boobs. By regulation it was tucked into her fatigue pants, and if she took a deep breath and stood up straight, they looked a whole cup size bigger. Many a male had dropped their jaw and become speechless. Her butt was equally defined due to the running, she always made sure that pants, including the fatigue's they wore for work, showed the definition of her butt cheeks. She had her uniforms tailored to look exactly as she wanted. This wasn't exactly regulation, but what the military didn't know couldn't be held against her. Lucy was proud of her figure, she wasn't afraid to show it off, being a bit of a tease. She did try to leave a bit to the imagination. 

SSgt Magee walked up to the door of the building they were heading to, pulled out his keys and unlocked the door, without a word he opened it for her to enter first. She glanced at his face as she entered, trying to discern his intentions, but all she saw was sternness. She figured she was in for an ass chewing and cringed inside at the fact. SSgt Magee could be tough, getting chewed out by him was not a pleasant experience. What she couldn't see was the conflict he had going on in his head. Should he, shouldn't he, what if he did? How far would he let it go? He could get a good look at those breasts he thought about, or maybe just a good feel. Or, possibly, maybe, just maybe, throw her across a desk and take her like he wanted.

As she walked in ahead of him, he looked down at her ass, not really paying attention to it before, noticing how form fitting the uniform was. The cock in his pants started to harden. It was at that moment that he knew, he was going to have her, his career be damned. His cock was folded down and was getting uncomfortable as he walked in behind her. She didn't see him as he reached quickly down inside his pants to readjust it and pull it up so it wouldn't fold. She walked into the large room in the front of the building moving to a spot that he pointed to. The room was a sparse office with a desk and filing cabinet. There was a door in the back that lead to a huge storage area, big enough to drive vehicles into if it was warranted.

As he pointed to the spot on the floor, she knew that's where he wanted her to stand. She stopped on the spot in the middle of the room, the desk at her back as she turned to face him. Magee leaned on the window sill and looked her up and down. She was so nervous that her knees were a little weak, her heart starting to pound in her chest as she waited to see what he would say. As she stood there, watching him, she glanced at his crotch to see if he was reacting to her at all. What she saw pleased her and caused her pussy to start to moisten. Her knees were still a little shaky, but she was sure that she was going to get out of seeing the commander today. But what would he require, she licked her lips as he started to speak? 

"You know what you said and did back there could be considered sexual harassment?" The sternness in his voice was still there, the look in his eyes changing. 

"Yes "she answered quietly and took a breath a little deeper than she needed while putting her arms behind her back, almost as if she was standing at ease. 

This caused her 36DD tits to push out on her t-shirt, show their full size, causing her nipples to be more prominent than before. She saw him glance at them again and smiled just a little. 

"What exactly did you mean by anything Senior Airman Peterson?" He asked as his cock began to strain at its full length. 

"Just what I said Sergeant, anything, anything at all. I'm willing to except any," she paused for just a second, "punishment you deemed necessary." 

"Anything?" He asked, his voice softening just a little. 

She nodded her head up and down in affirmation. 

"Lucy," he said, "that could get me in a lot of trouble, if we are going to do anything, then you're going to have to make the first move. As much as I want to, I just can't. This could end my career, destroy my marriage, well you know". his voice dropping off as he looked at her eyes. 

She was shocked to hear that he was married, she had never been with a married man. This caused her to hesitate a bit, thinking about backing out of the whole thing. But she looked down again noticing the bulge in his uniform. 

"Your married?" She asked. 

"Yes, an affair wouldn't end my marriage, being stupid enough to have sex with a subordinate and ending my career, well that would. My wife, doesn't care if I have sex with someone else, she's helped me up a couple of times."

Lucy heard the words "have sex" and they rung in her ears, she knew now for sure what he was considering. She looked at him a moment and trying to discern if he was telling her the truth or not. He stood, looking at her, she could see as he undressed her with his eyes, she saw his crotch twitch, swallowed and asked, "So, it would be OK with her?"

He smiled a little as he stared at her chest, "Sure, you want me to call her and let you ask, there's a phone on the desk behind you." She was relieved to hear him relax and see his slight smile. 

"You'd really call her? Then quickly said "You know, never mind, I believe you, I don't know why, but I do. So, Sergeant, what's my punishment going to be?" she asked as sexy as she could.

He didn't answer, so she stood there, waiting on his answer and envisioned herself over the desk, face down, her fatigue pants and regulation white granny panties around her ankles, her t-shirt and bra pushed up out of the way with him pounding her from behind with his hands mauling her tits. Her pussy beginning to get wetter with the thought. After an uncomfortable silence he raised his eyebrows as if to say "well?" Remembering what he had said about her making the first move, she started to reach down and pull her t-shirt out of her fatigue pants. As she did, she noticed the open window behind him with the venetian blinds pulled up. While she pulled her t-shirt out of her fatigue pants she said. "Why don't you close those blinds Sergeant, we don't need anyone else enjoying my punishment." He turned slowly and let the venetian blinds down, but he didn't close them. Then he walked to the door and locked it. As he moved over toward the desk, she dropped her hands and watched as he picked up the phone. He dialed his office and asked to speak to his supervisor. 

"Hey Sergeant Stevens, I'll be in building 5 going over some remedial security training with SrA Peterson, I'm turning site security over to SSgt Brown till we finish here, might take a couple of hours, she's a little lost on some of the security procedures. You know how regular Air Force people are" He paused obviously listening to Stevens, and nodded, "of course I'll annotate the training. Let her supervisor know will ya? This might take a couple of hours, thanks." He hung up and moved to the corner behind the desk where he pulled her M16 off his shoulder and leaned it in the corner in one smooth motion.

As he placed the weapon in the corner, she started to move towards him, but he motioned for her to stand there. Then he moved back in front of the window before addressing her.

"First, if I close the blinds totally, I couldn't see anyone coming. Second, nobody is going to be able to see in easily just walking up to the building with the glare on the windows in broad daylight. Third, consider the small chance of being seen as part of your punishment." 

She stood there, with her hands on her hips, looked him in the eyes and asked, "Now what?" 

He smiled again, reached down and rubbed his hand up and down his crotch just once and said... 

"Now you can continue with what you were doing." 

She smirked, shook her head and reached down to pull up her t-shirt. She wondered if he was going to be one of those that would make her do all the work. Not that she would mind at this point, she was turned on by the authoritative way he was acting. As her t-shirt cleared her white regulation bra, he suddenly said, "That's far enough, put it down and tuck it in." 

She stopped, looked at him, started to open her mouth to ask why. But he quickly and loudly said, "now!" She pulled the t-shirt down tucking it into her pants as quickly as she could, looking up at him nervously. Magee moved towards her and she felt her knees getting weak again. 

As she finished tucking in her shirt, he commanded, "Come to attention". 

She did so, confused now, wondering if she could be wrong about his intentions. Her breasts jutted out as they did earlier, her nipples still hard, but she wasn't aware of them at the moment. She started thinking that she had misjudged him. But he had said all that stuff about his wife, he called his supervisor to arrange the time, what the hell was he up to? 

"Damn," he said as he stepped up close behind her. 

She felt his hands come between her body and arms as he slid them along her sides to her stomach. His body coming in full contact with her from behind, his rigid cock apparent as it pressed into the small of her back. She could hear his breathing as it slowed and became deeper. 

"You don't know how many times I wanted to do this" 

He slowly slid his hands up her stomach to her breasts and squeezed them firmly. She relaxed back into him as he pulled her tight. Damn she thought, he's even taller than I thought. She turned just enough to slide her hand between them and rub his cock. Charlie then let go of her and backed up to lean on the desk behind them. 

"You can take that t-shirt off now" 

Lucy turned to face him, her breath changing now as she did so. She had never felt a man's lust like this before, with his touch, the way he held her and squeezed her breasts from behind. It was a bit over whelming, she could tell just how much he wanted her at that moment. And she was going to oblige him. She reached down and in one smooth motion pulled the t-shirt over her head. She walked up to him, reaching around unhooking her bra releasing the pressure that held up her breasts. They dropped a bit as the weight was released, and she pulled the right strap off her shoulder. His eyes were locked onto her chest, he took a deep breath as she did so. He could hear his heart in his ears, nervous, excited, turned on, he waited to see them. As she pulled the right strap off and removed her bra from that side to the other, she let the bra slide down her left arm and onto the floor. He took another deep breath as he saw them for the first time, the areola a light brown, but normal sized and proportionate to the size of her breasts. the nipples a slightly darker shade of brown, very hard and sticking out prominently. But the overall look is what got his attention, while they sagged a bit from the weight, the nipples were still on the front, they didn't point down, he couldn't wait to feel them and suck on them.

Lucy reached for him and again put her hand on his cock, rubbing it up and down through his pants. She could tell that he wanted to grab her tits, but he sat there, looking at her breasts while she rubbed him. She stood pressing her hand into his cock and rubbing it slowly as she asked. 
