 My stories are in chronological order. I encourage you to follow along and read these stories in this order as a prelude to this one:

I Hire Monica The Maid 

Monica's First Day as My Maid

Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day

I Partner with Linda, A Salon Owner 

I Massage Monica the Maid

Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities

I Become a Therapeutic Instructor

The Affair Continues in Las Vegas

I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way

Going Where No Man Has Gone Before

Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before

That Was The Weekend That Was

I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done

Fun in Las Vegas with my MILFs

That Was The Week That Was 

I Take My MILF Lisa to Mexico

For background, let me share the main characters in my stories:

I became a widower unexpectedly in January. I was lonely and in pain; I made an offer my maid Monica could not refuse. She stayed on as my maid and became my part time sexual playmate. (I Hire Monica the Maid; Monica's First Day as My Maid; Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day, I Massage Monica the Maid). 

Coming out of my funk, I decided to learn how to give massages and I met Susan, a bathing suit model, who was my massage instructor, and we became friends. Between Susan and Monica I came up with some new business ideas (Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities). 

I met Lisa, a divorcee, who was a student of Susan's when I was a substitute instructor. We became lovers. (I Become a Therapeutic Instructor). 

Lisa and I went to Las Vegas. (The Affair Continues in Las Vegas and That Was The Weekend That Was). I hired two ladies, Diana and Dana, to be with Lisa at the adult pool. Lisa arranged for my first threesome when we included her friend Michelle. (My Great Night in Vegas - not written as of this date).

After I met Lisa, and while I was casually dating her, I seduced Akiko, the lady who owned a local dry cleaners. I invited her over for a massage (I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way). We traveled to Las Vegas (Going Where No Man Has Gone Before) where we met with Marie and Carmen. 

The next day in Las Vegas (Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before) I took Susan's virginity and enjoyed sex with Dana. On Sunday and Monday in Las Vegas (Fun in Las Vegas with My MILFs) I had sex with Dana and Sandy (a hotel food and beverage employee). 

I enjoyed my second threesome in LA with Eva. She was a manager at one of my client companies. (I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done).

Leading up to the photo shoot for CYN Suits, I spent a week between LA and Las Vegas (That Was The Week That Was).

++++

It was late July. 

The big business deal was finally ready to close.

At midnight I would be a multi-millionaire as a result of four years of very hard work.

The first year was spent selling the owner that I could do the job; the next three years were spent doing the job I said I would do. 

My wife had been gone for almost seven months. I wish she had lived to see this day, because this was the day when we would have enough money so neither of us would have to work another day in our lives, if we chose to do that. 

Since her passing, I had met and bedded some very smart, funny and beautiful women.

In my very first story "I Hire Monica the Maid," I explain how I work with attractive female employees of my clients. 

In particular, there were three female employees that I had wanted to bed, but I kept my pants on because I was married and after my wife's passing, I worked for the ultimate rewards :money and pussy. 

Hopefully you read the story of when I bedded Eva ("I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done") and this story continues as the deal closed. 

++++

It was a Thursday night in July at 6pm.

The owner had just finished individually thanking and rewarding his team members for their service to his company as he moved to the next chapter of his life. 

His key employees would all be taken care of financially including large bonus checks and five year employment contracts. 

Over the course of three plus years we had been able to pump up his company's revenue, reduce production costs and keep a tight lid on overhead expenses.

The track record of growth and profitability helped attract several buyers and a bidding war started.

It just meant more money for me, because I got paid on a percentage of the sale price. 

We set the stage for the final three years of his ownership by doing a long over due housecleaning of non producing employees, many of them on the payroll at inflated salaries.

Some of these people are what consultants call "Internal Terrorists."

You know, the Eddie Haskell type, smiling to the boss' face and then badmouthing him at every opportunity behind his back. For those of you who don't know Eddie, take a look at IMDB.com and search for "Leave it to Beaver" a family comedy from the 1950s and 1960s. 

So, we did candid evaluations of everyone and placed people into one of three groups. 

The first group consisted of individuals that were essential for future company success. These were the A players. 

The second group were good contributors currently, but needed coaching to make stronger contributions to future company success. These were deemed B players. 

There were some in this group that wouldn't make the three year timeframe we had in mind but we felt we owed them the opportunity, or chance, to improve. 

The final group consisted of the malcontents, the people that thought they would be on the payroll forever because of their last name, because of marriage, some stray dogs (friends of the family, unqualified neighbors and people who had been hired because they were good looking but couldn't do anything else but look good) and the unproductive, the lazy and the entitled. 

The third group got let go over the course of a month.

It probably would have been less painful to do a mass termination but we dragged it out because we wanted to send a message that we were taking our time and doing things right for the future of the company.

We did two terminations each morning and fired another employee each afternoon.

That's a lot of firings and it was amazing how highly productive everyone got once word got out that people were being let go.

You can call me a jerk, but remember who my client was: the owner of the company. He had sacrificed for years and this was his big payday. I think he deserved every penny for his struggle and sacrifice. 

He approved everything I proposed to him, well, most of it anyway, and he agreed because to it because he did not have to personally have to hold the hard conversations with the employees. He let me do it, with some help from his managers. 

One thing we wanted to do was instill some fear, because that can create an environment for positive change. 

People would show up at work not knowing if that day was going to be their last day. 

It was a hell of a motivator. 

The Monday after the firings ended all of the A players were called out for an off site afternoon meeting at 3pm at a local hotel where the three year plan was laid out, and we announced a reduction in salaries by ten percent.

This did not go over well and we didn't expect it to.

We then laid out the performance bonus plan, where each person could earn up to thirty percent of their monthly salary if certain company numbers were achieved. 

The next morning we started calling in the B players individually and sat them down for a candid conversation on what needed to happen for them to keep their jobs and to earn raises. 

Each was given a day to make a decision: stay and improve or go somewhere else. 

Those that opted to stay were included in the bonus program.

All opted to stay. 

Morale was sky high and efficiencies soared. Revenue per employee and profit per employee went through the roof.

The first business day of the month, checks were cut for the previous months results.

People were happy and one of the things that made them happy was that all of the dead wood (non contributors) had been tossed overboard. 

We made it clear that if anyone else moved into the deadwood category we'd fire them immediately. 

The owner had picked out three "A" players to work with me to make sure we had a solid course and stayed on it.

Gloria, Cynthia and Eva were selected.

Gloria was head of HR. 

Cynthia was the CFO and also managed Purchasing. 

Eva was head of Sales and Marketing. I had an all night sex session with her before the closing. She had left town on a long vacation and she wanted to thank me for my mentoring and coaching. I hadn't seen or heard the last of Eva. 

As a group we met once a week to review key metrics. I met with them separately to coach and counsel them on getting past roadblocks and creating strategies for growth. 

Separately I met with the head of production but he was not seen as an A player and no one had faith he was up to what was required of him over the next few years. 

I liked all the women personally and professionally. Gloria was a short redhead and was a runner. The exercise gave her shapely legs and ass and kept her thin but no matter how much she ran, her big tits stayed the same size. She did a great job of dealing with the petty bullshit that keeps employees from doing their jobs. God bless her, I never could have done that. 

Cynthia was a bit taller, thin, but with a great figure. Very pretty, shoulder length blonde hair. Where Gloria was proud of her rack, Cynthia was more conservative and she was always trying to cover her breasts from, well, everyone who looked at her. She usually wore a suit with the shirt length about 3 inches above her knees. 

That particular Thursday afternoon we had all the chosen individuals leave the company at 2pm and head to a local Marriott Hotel for a meeting at 2:30pm. We had been doing this for several years and it was routine.

What wasn't routine was that at 4pm, after the management team had departed the Marriott for yet another hotel, The Westin, there were going to be more people laid off. 

It was actually going to be a blood bath. The new owners did not want everyone in their new company and so, it was time for some of these people to depart and find work elsewhere. Some would be angry and that is why we brought in security to protect the plant and equipment.

The business was going to be closed until noon on Monday to allow everyone to cool down. 

Anyway, after everyone arrived at the Marriott, we put them on a bus. Once at The Westin we would have the owner talk to everyone, make his announcement, hand out checks and employment contracts and then there would be cocktails and a quick dinner.

I was responsible for logistics and security for this, sort of a producer of the event. 

I had been working with the head of Food & Beverage at the hotel for a few weeks, all by email. 

Anyway, the group gathered in a banquet room and we closed the doors and the owner announced the sale of the business, the bonus checks (two or three years of pay, depending) and everyone, regardless of position, received a five year employment contract. It was a sad, tearful and joyful time. 

The plan for the group was to hear the announcement, exchange paperwork, have drinks, do dinner and head back on the bus to the Marriott to get cars and go home.

My plan was to make all this happen, successfully, except I was going to bed Gloria and spend the night with her in a suite upstairs. 

Gloria didn't know it yet. But I knew she was willing. The closer we got to the deal closing, the more she was touching me, standing closer to me, touching my hands and arms, sitting closer to me in meetings, whispering in my ear, asking me to go to lunch, just the two of us.

These were all the signs of a woman who wants you between her thighs, using your mouth and your dick. 

So, once the announcement was made, the tears were dried, the makeup touched up in the ladies room, the entire group made its way at about 5:30 to the area by the pool where there were two open bars. The owner waited until everyone had a drink and then we toasted to his generosity and wished he and his family well. 

At 6:45 I corralled everyone into a banquet hall where we had laid out a buffet dinner. I set it up so that we could get everyone fed and back on the bus back by to their cars by 8pm, which meant departing at 7:30. 

I had to play it cool. I had two targets in the room, Gloria and Cynthia. They were colleagues and not rivals and I was planning on getting both of them into bed within the next few days. 

The room emptied and I found Cynthia boarding the bus. I spoke to her for a minute, asking her if I could text her tomorrow (Friday) and maybe we could meet on Saturday for dinner. She nodded and when she got to the top of the steps turned around and smiled at me. Bingo. (Remember the movie "In the Line of Fire" starring Clint Eastwood? Look for the scene where he is sitting on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial).

I went back to the banquet room and found Gloria waiting for me. She thought I had gone to the bathroom. 

She looked at me and smiled a weak smile asking "Are you going to take me back to the Marriott?"

I replied that I would, but "Don't we owe ourselves some champagne to celebrate? Its been a tough three years."

We left the room and headed to the bar, where I found a nice, quiet booth in a dark corner.

Gloria went to the ladies room.

The waitress came over and I ordered two very expensive bottles of champagne. I asked her to take one up to my suite and I gave her my room pass and a $100 bill for her trouble. The other bottle was for Gloria and I. 

Sometimes I can get preoccupied and this was one of those times. I didn't really look at the waitress. I actually didn't even look at her I was so preoccupied. Gloria was on my mind. 

I was busy on my iPhone and got caught up in some emails. Gloria came back to the booth and she looked pale. She had gotten sick to her stomach. 

My first thought was that I would take her home but I didn't want to risk her getting sick in my car.

I had her stay in the booth while I literally ran to the front desk and got Gloria a room for the night. 

When I got back to the booth I noticed the waitress had returned from taking the champagne to my room and was bringing over the bottle of champagne for Gloria and I. 

I looked at her, fully, for the first time and thought, what a beautiful woman. She didn't have a nametag. Her wait staff outfit was so utilitarian I had no idea what her figure was like. She didn't say anything but she did smile at me. I smiled back and then asked her if she would help me take Gloria upstairs and I explained the situation.

She smiled and nodded and we took Gloria up to her room. We didn't talk. 

I helped get the door open and brought Gloria in, and then, for the first time, I heard the waitress speak. 

In English but with a beautiful French accent she looked at me and said, "This will take some time so please go back to the bar and I'll be there shortly."

Back in the booth I opened the bottle and poured the champagne into my flute and toasted to my success. Alone. This was not what I had in mind. 

About thirty minutes later, having consumed three flutes of champagne, the waitress came by and smiled at me, then headed to the bar. She spoke to the bartender and then came back to the booth and said in that wonderful voice, "I have to do something but if you'll wait here for me a few minutes I will tell you how Gloria is doing."

I nodded and she left.

Another flute of champagne consumed and she reappeared. 

Gone was the bulky, figure hiding wait staff uniform.

She was about 5'8", honey blonde hair, pulled back in ponytail of sorts. 

She had on a summer dress and sandals. Her legs and arms were tanned.

The dress didn't hide her figure; she had all the right proportions in my mind: large breasts, slender ass and legs. 

Her smile was huge and she slipped into the booth and sat next to me without preamble. Or invitation.

Her perfume was to die for. It gave me an instant hard on. 

She was a little forward but what the hell, she helped me out with Gloria so I owed her at least a drink.

"I love champagne, please pour me some" she asked in that erotic, delightful French accented English.

I didn't see a wedding ring as she moved her left hand to squeeze my right arm.

While I poured she told me that Gloria was asleep in her room and that she would check on her in awhile.

She asked "Are you spending the night in the suite?"

I replied "Yes."

She asked me "Would you like some company?"

I looked at her and said "Excuse me, have me met before?"

She looked at me with a bemused smile on her face and said "Who was the woman that you spoke to that was getting on the bus?"

Holy Shit. 

This woman is stalking me.

This is Fatal Attraction 2 and I'm going to end up like the rabbit.

Well, she's much better looking than Glenn Close.

Calm down. Let's see where this goes.

"That was Cynthia; she is the CFO of the company."

Then she asked "What does Gloria do?"

I replied "Gloria handles Human Resources."

She asked, "So, did I see you with the company that was here tonight, having the meeting, cocktails and dinner?"

I nodded yes and I sipped some more bubbly.

She continued "Do you work for that company too?"

I replied "No, I am an advisor to the owner and today was a celebration because the company got sold and all the people attending tonight got some big checks."

She asked with a smile, "So, did you get a big check too?"

I said "I sure did and that's why I am celebrating."

She said, "Here's to your success!"

Our glasses touched and I thought, maybe she isn't a stalker. She seems pretty nice and she sure is pretty. And I love that voice. And the perfume.

Then she asked "How many companies are you working with?"

I mentally went down the list and replied "Right now, five."

She nodded and smiled, and then asked "And do you have harems in those companies too?"

I looked at her and thought Oh My God - she's on to me. 

She knows my whole MO. You know, seduce multiple women from the same company.

I didn't know what to say so I just drank my flute dry, then refilled it again.

She had that look of the cat that knows the canary is toast.

Her eyes never left mine and she had a gleam in her eye.

She drank her flute dry and said "Jack, would you please fill me up?"

I looked at her like she just slapped my face.

"How did you know my name?"

She smiled and looked at me and said "You don't know who I am, do you?"

I asked "Should I?"

"We've been out together before."

"We have?"

"Yes, quite a few times."

I'm looking at her, thinking to myself, she must be lying to me. 

Anyone this gorgeous, well, I would certainly remember. 

"You still don't know who I am?"

I shook my head, saying "No, I don't."

She smiled and said, "Let me give you a hint or two, okay?"

I returned her smile and said "Okay."

"You used to bring me coffee."

I sat perplexed for a minute and said, "The only person I ever brought coffee to was my wife. Did you know my wife?"

She nodded, smiling, "I sure did. But I've changed since you last saw me."

I replied "So, my wife taught your child?"

"Yes, my two daughters when they were in the fourth grade; Marie and Natalie. I was her room mother those years. When you were going to bring coffee you always texted your wife and sometimes she had you bring two coffees. Remember?"

I nodded, my brain still struggling to remember her and the volume of champagne I had consumed didn't help with my thinking.

We sat quietly for a minute and then she spoke again.

"Jack, I loved your wife and I miss her. She was my very good friend. But I have to tell you that I was jealous of her. I was in a bad marriage and it ended badly and during all of that I saw what the two of you had and I was jealous that your wife got the jackpot and I got the jackass."
