 Jalen had invited me to spend the weekend with him at his house. Of course, I said yes. I was a slave to Jalen's cock. I was already a slave to cock before I met Jalen. He just complicated things and made me question myself and what was happening. I had never met a man with a cock quite like his. It was long, black and thick. It fucked me like no other and I found myself crawling back to his apartment for more and more abuse. He fucked hard and fast and he lasted so long that I began to question my own sanity by the time I had reached the point where I had to tap out. I knew I was in big trouble. 

I couldn't breathe when I was around him. All I could do was hang on and cum, his big cock working my tight, little white pussy the way only a black cock really can. I knew that BBC was dangerous but I had never realized quite how dangerous until Jalen worked my pussy with his cock until I was begging him to stop. No man had ever made me want to pass out from cumming too hard before. No man had ever brought me to my knees the way that Jalen was doing now. 

"You need a break, baby? Here, come suck on it. Let that pussy rest." He chuckled as I looked up at him with grateful eyes, unsure if I could take even a second more of his cock. It had fucked me in every position, at every angle and I was sore in ways that I never realized I could be. I wrapped my mouth around his dick and relaxed as he grabbed my head and held me in place so he could fuck my throat. "Open up, babe. Open up. Be a good little girl and open up that throat for this black dick!" 

"Bwuaghahhh!" I tried to answer him but his cock was shoved so far down my throat that nothing I said made sense. I sucked his cock for him, eager to be doing anything other than taking his cock in my pussy. I felt so used up, so stretched out and so completely exhausted. He was fucking my face harder and harder and I let out a few screams of fear. I didn't know how far he would take things to get himself off but I knew that every time he fucked me he pushed things further and further as he saw that I was becoming weak and unable to say no to him. Every time I fucked him I felt like giving him more and more of me. I wanted him to completely use my body and I could sense in him that he wanted to do it. He wanted to use me just like all the other men did. 

"I almost came but you're not going to make me cum that easily. I want that pussy!" 

"But it's so sore!" I screamed. "I don't know if I can!" 

"I said, bring me that pussy!" He growled at me and I could see in his eyes that he was going to push me to the brink of my body's capabilities. I presented my pussy to him, laying back on his bed and showing him how red and swollen it was from how hard he had already fucked me. "That's right. That's my girl. Give me this pussy. It's sore, isn't it?" 

"Yes. Please be gentle." 

"I'll be gentle, baby," but as his eyes met mine I knew that was a lie. He wasn't going to be gentle. He was going to plow the shit out of my cunt just like he always did. He pushed his cock into me and bent down to kiss my lips gently at first and then with more intensity. I could feel my pussy responding to his kisses, growing wetter and wetter with every kiss. I felt so embarrassed that even his kisses made me this wet. I was smitten with him and unable to tell him no. He could use me however he wanted and I would have allowed it. I simply wanted to please him and get his cock off. I would have done anything to accomplish this mission. I wanted his cock. I wanted his cum up inside of me. I needed him so much! 

"Babe, I love when you kiss me!" I tried to tell him how it felt for me but the words that came out of me sounded so weak and empty. I could feel the pain as his cock raked back and forth over the soreness and swelling of the fucks that had come before this one. I moaned and I could feel my legs beginning to shake as the pain was met with pleasure. I had tried to explain to him how the pain became pleasure and the pleasure became pain, but now he could see first-hand as my body shook with the combination of both pain and joy. I succumbed to it, allowing it to lift my mind to a higher plane. 

Jalen was already there waiting for me, his mouth covering mine in the deepest of kisses, his arms supporting my limp body as he plowed his cock into my tight, little cunt. He was enjoying this, loving how tiny my white body looked underneath his large black one. I looked down at his cock. It displaced everything. It was so big that it stretched my pussy to its maximum capabilities. I had never had a cock this thick before. I had never been fucked for so many hours in a row. I wondered if I would survive and yet I knew that if I died that this would be how I would want to go. I would want to go in Jalen's arms, his mouth kissing mine. I needed him. I needed him even though he was already inside of me. I couldn't get him close enough. I couldn't get his cock far enough up inside of my pussy. I couldn't cum hard enough. I couldn't hold on tightly enough. Jalen had initiated a longing inside of me that could not be quenched. 

"You're really liking this, aren't you? You little slut?" He was pounding me harder now, stopping his kisses only to say these lines. 

"I'm your slut now! Use me! Use me, please!" I begged him. I opened my legs wider and I gave my pussy to him, allowing him to take what he needed, whatever that was. I wanted him to know that he could have anything that was mine. I would give him my pussy, ass, and mouth. I would give him my body, mind, and soul. I would give him my heart. I would give everything to him simply because I wanted him to cum. I wanted to get him off and I would do anything to make that happen for him. 

"You want to be used? That's a good girl. I'll use this pussy! I'm going to use it until you can't sit down without thinking about me. I'm going to destroy this pussy." 

"Destroy my pussy!" I begged and I watched as he lifted my legs up onto his shoulders and pushed them back over my head. His cock was so deep inside of me and I screamed as he hit something scary inside of me. It both hurt and felt good and I let out a high-pitched squeak that made me sound like a creature and not a girl. I felt so strange as I came hard on his cock but one orgasm turned into three or maybe four. I lost track of how many times I came after that but I knew Jalen was about to cum by the way his breath changed. 

"Jalen! Jalen!" I called to him. I looked at him, letting it all show in my eyes. I wanted him to see that I was vulnerable now, that he could have me if he wanted me. For real. He could take me and do anything he wanted to me and I would let it happen. 

"You know I'll be your cum dumpster! I'm your cum dumpster now Jalen. You can cum right in my pussy! I deserve it. I'll let you!" I looked up at him and he smiled a naughty smile.

"I'm going to cum in this pussy!" 

"Cum in me! Go ahead! Use me! Cum in me!" I watched his face change as he came hard, shooting his load deep in my pussy. I felt a sense of relief as he filled me with jizz. Now I would have a break from his relentless dick. God knows I needed it. I'd been there for days and my pussy was raw and swollen from being unable to say no to him. 

"Babe, I came so hard in you." He collapsed, pulling me to him and cuddling my body with the same intensity he had just fucked it with. I let my body go limp in his arms and I let my breathing slow until it was in line with his breathing. We breathed as one and I felt closer to him than I had to anyone in a long time. Even with his body wrapped around mine, I felt the longing to be closer to him. I knew I was in trouble. I knew I couldn't say no to him. I would let him do anything he wanted to my body and I knew it wouldn't be long until he caught on that I would do anything for him. What man wouldn't take advantage of the situation? I knew Jalen would be using all my holes however he wanted soon enough.