 I knew this weekend trip was a bad idea. I didn't want to come, but my roommate insisted. 

"You'll have a great time with my old high school crowd. And besides it's a beer fest, for God's sake, how could that not be fun?"

I certainly have nothing against beer fests, but I'm an introvert and being surrounded by his rowdy friends, trapped in a hotel all weekend was scary for me. He kept insisting, so finally I gave in.

"El predicto" I thought to myself. Just as I had anticipated, my good old roomie dropped me like a hot potato as soon as we hooked up with his pals. Not that they weren't OK. They actually tried to be nice to me for awhile, and I was doing pretty well boozing it up with them around the pool. But then one of the girls -- the one with the biggest tits of course -- took off her bra and selling kisses to the guys for $5 a nipple. 

She was doing a land office business until a guy from the hotel came out and made her put her top back on. The crowd was not happy. Especially the big tit lovers.

"Fuck it," somebody said, "I know a beach where they don't give a shit if you wear suits. Let's all go there and get naked."

That's the part that made me wish I hadn't come. I'm sorry, but I simply was not stripping in front of all those strangers. You might say I'm not all that anxious to show off my endowment, and the idea about doing it with this crowd was a real show stopper. I sat around looking nervous and self-conscious for awhile and then slipped off quietly to the lounge.

I sat at the bar and ordered a beer. Just then I realized the person I was sitting next to was one of the girls from the pool. She was drop dead gorgeous. Short blonde hair, athletic body and the look of someone who could handle herself in a tough situation. 

"You're not going to the beach?" I asked.

"No way. I didn't even want to come on this weekend. I only did it because my roommate insisted."

"No shit. Me too."

We struck up a conversation, and it turns out we had plenty in common. We were both from Southern California, both science jocks, both in grad school and both a little wasted. We talked about our roommates, how we liked grad school, how fucked up our old high school friends turned out to be and how this weekend really sucked.

"So what made you decide not to go to the beach?" I finally asked.

"Isn't it obvious?" she said, looking into my eyes.

I looked puzzled.

"Well, let's just say if I took my top off I'd look a lot more like you than any of those bimbos. Did you notice how they all flocked to Miss Big Tits?"

Actually, the fact that my friend was about as flat as they come was a real turn on for me. I've always liked chicks with little boobs, and she fit the bill perfectly. It never occurred to me she didn't realize how incredibly hot she was. 

"Yea, that was pretty amazing, but to be honest I could hardly keep my eyes off of you. Frankly, girls like her leave me limp. I've always been infatuated with athletic bodies like yours."

"Athletic bodies -- what a euphemism. I know all about you guys. When it comes to tits, it's the bigger the better."

"Well, maybe most guys, but I can tell you for a fact that not everybody feels that way. And especially not me."

"Look. I really appreciate you're trying to make me feel better, but I'm having trouble buying this line. Something tells me you're just trying to hit on me because I'm the only one left. Not that you seem like a bad guy."

"OK, don't take this the wrong way, but if you come to my room, I can prove I'm telling you the truth."

"Well, I must say that's one of the most creative lines I've ever been handed."

"No really. I want to show you something on my computer."

"Well, OK. But I'm not as stupid as you apparently think."

As we rode up the elevator I could not help admire her taught body. She had some the smallest tits I'd ever seen, but there was a hint of substance to them too. I couldn't help but fantasize about getting a look at them. As soon as we got into my room, I started to boot up my computer.

"OK, I know you don't believe me, but there are lots of guys like me who really dig bodies like yours. There're tons of sites on the internet dedicated to girls with small breasts. I've been downloading their pictures for years. You have to admit, I wouldn't have done that on the hope that I'd run someone like you to con some day. I've actually been doing it because it's an incredible turn on for me. Besides, I travel a lot and I need some eye candy when I'm alone."

I went to the file on my computer where I hide the stuff I don't want anyone else to find and showed her the names of the folders there. 

"I've even categorized them by bra size. Of course it's a guess on my part, but as you can see, by far the most files are in the folder labeled AA."

I opened the folder and up popped hundreds of thumbnails depicting girls with various degrees of very small breasts.

"See what I mean?"

"Wow, these girls really turn you on?"

"More than you can imagine."

"I just don't get it. You have no idea how I've been ostracized all my life."

"How?" 

"OK, like my big brother. He's made a game out of calling me every derogatory cliché in the book: 'Pirates dream, a sunken chest'; 'Flat as a board and easy to nail' 'Bee stings'; 'Misquote bites'; 'Zit tits' -- you name it. There's no end to his creativity."

"Oh, he's probably just kidding."

"Maybe, but it's hurtful. And then there's the whole medical thing. When I was fifteen, my mother took me to my pediatrician to find out what was wrong. I had to sit there while this creepy old guy that stitched up my cuts and gave me my polio shorts felt all around my nipples to see if there was any hope of further development. The blood tests showed my hormone levels were normal and the diagnosis was simply that girls come in all sizes. He suggested I see a pediatric shrink to help me deal with the fact that I was destined to be a counterfeit woman."

"Oh my God. That's terrible!"

"No shit. The best is yet to come though. I'd gone out with this guy in high school a few times, and I actually kind of liked him. But then he stopped calling. Later I overheard him telling one of his buddies, 'She's pretty nice, but my God she has no fucking tits at all! Zippo. Nada. I mean what's the point? I might as well be feeing you up'."

"Guys can be really mean" I suggested.

"No, he wasn't trying to be mean. He was just being honest. Unfortunately, all of this has contributed to my ingrained feelings of inadequacy. Now hopefully you can understand why there was no way I could go to the beach. But you haven't told me why you didn't want to go."

"OK, as long as you're bearing you soul, I'll return the favor. Let's just say I'm not wild about exposing my masculinity to a bunch of drunken studs."

"So, you're saying you're worried about those guys seeing your penis?"

"Well, I guess it's not so much the guys. I just don't relish the idea of Miss Big Tits and her friends stacking me up to the other guys in the crowd."

"So what makes you so sure you've got a problem?"

"Look, guys shower together, stand next to each other in the bathroom, look at pictures on the internet, stuff like that. We're all supposed not to care, but we can't help but check each other out. It doesn't take exceptional powers of perception to figure out I come up short in those comparisons -- literally."

"I've heard guys aren't the most objective judge of themselves. Have you actually measured yourself?"

"Well, not exactly. It's just pretty obvious to me."

"You should do it. Look, I appreciate you trying to make me feel better by showing me you really like flat-chested girls, so I'd like to help you. Is your computer on line?"

"Uh huh, I stay at this chain a lot so I'm usually connected automatically."

"Then let's do a little research and find out what the normal range is. It sounds to me like you don't have any real medical issues; you're just not happy with what you see in the mirror. I suspect about 99% of all guys fall into that category."

Even though I was a science jock, I never thought about actually researching the topic. She went to PubMed (a search engine for scientific articles the government provides) and entered "penis, length". A list of articles popped up and one of them was a study done in California that measured the penises of 80 guys. They measured flaccid length, stretched length and length when "fully erect". I was thinking there's no way I'd ever volunteer for a study like that. But I had to admit I was curious. 

"She downloaded the paper from her college on-line library and read off the statistics: mean flaccid length, 8.85 cm (not quite 3 and half inches), erect length 12.89 cm (a little over 5 inches). So do you think you're anywhere near normal?"

I conjured up a mental image of myself. I wasn't sure about the flaccid length, but it seemed like my hard on was more than five inches. Maybe I wasn't such a freak after all."

"We should collect some data" she said. "I just happen to have a tape measure in my purse. I use it when I'm knitting."

The thought of subjecting myself to such a measurement scared the shit out of me.

"Look" she said, "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."

Oh shit. This trip was going to turn out a lot differently that I expected. My heart was in my stomach. I felt like a nervous school kid.

"OK then, you go first."

And that's just what she did. She reached back and undid the clasp of her swim suit bra, pausing for a moment to look into my eyes. Her cups pushed forward, maximizing the contour of her tiny breasts. Finally she slowly revealed her tantalizing body to me. I was stunned by her beauty.

"Unlike you, I've done some research on my condition. Have you heard of the Tanner scale of human development? Well, it's the way physicians track how far along adolescents are. For boys, the scale is all about the penis -- the appearance of pubic hair and lengthening and thickening of the shaft. From what I've surmised, you've made it to the adult stage. For girls, there are two categories: pubic hair and breast development. I've attained adult status in the first area, but I'm stuck in stage two out of five in the latter. Girls usually reach stage two between 8.5 and 13 years of age. Do you know what the description of that sage is? I've memorized it: 'The areola widens, darkens slightly, and elevates from the rest of the breast as a small mound. The mound (nipple) may be visible, and lying under the areola is a bud of breast tissue (breast bud) that is palpable (noticeable to the touch)'. As the stages progress, the mounded areolas disappear and become part of the body of the breast. At the adult stage the nipples, but not the areolas, protrude."

I could have cared less about the clinical description. But I was mesmerized by her viscerally appealing breasts.

"Do you see how my areolas form distinct mounds, and how my nipples protrude from them? If you touch me, you can feel my "palpable" breast buds. Go ahead, don't be shy."

"Oh my God. I don't have to feel them, I can SEE them. You have the most incredible body I have ever seen. I'm not kidding. I've been looking for you ever since I learned how to jack off."

"Touch them."

I didn't need to be told twice. Gently I covered her protruding nipples with my flattened hands and shaped them over her barley perceptible breasts. My penis responded predictably.

"It's your turn" she instructed.

I peeled off my suit to reveal my erect member. 

"Do you know this is the first time I've ever seen a boy get hard just by looking at my chest?"

"That's difficult for me to believe. You're more beautiful than anyone I have ever seen."

"So do you want to collect some of that data?"

Before I could respond, she fumbled around in her purse and pulled out the tape measure she'd mentioned. She pressed one end against my pubes and stretched the other down my length.

"Oh my God, you're looking at almost 6 ½ inches. That's way over the average! What do you have to say now?"

"Well, that's great, but most people don't seem me with a hard on. It's when I'm in the locker room (or at a nude beach) that's the real problem."

"We'll see about that later, but for now, I'm more interested in what you're going to do for me."

I thought she'd never ask. I spent the next 10 or minutes making love to her breasts. I cupped them in my hands, appreciated their substance and the fact that her nipples and areolas responded to my touch. I smelled them (her perfume was enchanting); I kissed them and licked the delicious nubs with my tongue, flicking them back and forth. 

"You know what the upside is?"

"I have the feeling you're about to tell me."

"My breasts are virtually non-existent, but my nipples are way sensitive. I'll bet there're a lot more sensitive than Miss Big Tits'. Whenever I masturbate, I always start out by spending some quality time with them. Once or twice, I've even made myself cum just by touching them. Is that something that excites you?"

I placed her hand on my granite-like erection.

"What do you think?" 

"Then can you do something for me?"

"Anything."

"I've fanaticized about a boy doing it on my chest, but I never thought anyone would ever want to."

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were reading my mind."

"Then I can use your semen to lubricate my nipples and play with them for you."

Our little encounter was getting better and better. She encircled my penis with my hand and began helping me stroke myself. Up and down over my engorged head. I knew this would not take long. I was already practically at the bursting point. My hand was moving faster, faster and still faster. I positioned myself and exploded in long streams that splashed forcefully over her milky breasts. 

She looked at the mess I had made on her chest, smiled, lay back on the bed and closed her eyes. I was riveted as she placed her fingers over her pointy nipples. I watched in awe as she made love to them; massaging my slippery semen into her ultra smooth skin. Tweaking them, rolling them between her fingers, tugging at them and pulling them away from her body. My blood pressure must have been off the charts.

"Feel how wet I am." she commanded.

I cautiously slipped a finger into her vagina. She was dead right. I knew a girl once who was always sopping wet when we fooled around, but that was noting compared to what I was feeling now. 

She bent her knees and spread her legs far apart and almost screamed, "Look at my clit!"

It was red and beautiful. 

"Pull back my hood!"

I could tell she was really turned on by letting me see her most intimate part, and I did as I was told -- gently pulling back on the soft covering to fully expose her pulsating bud.

"Can I kiss it?"

"No, just watch!"

The intensity with which she was massaging her nipples increased and I could tell she was right on the edge. 

"Your clit is really getting big!"

And then the most amazing thing happened. Her body stiffened and I thought she was having a seizure or something when squirt after squirt of clear liquid streamed out of her cunt. I had heard of female ejaculation, but I always thought it was an urban myth. I was stunned.

"See what I mean? Come hold me. "

We were both spent. I held her close, smelling the provocative remnants of her perfume mixed with the scent of sex that hovered like a cloud. Her chest was slippery with my semen, and it felt wet and cool as we embraced. It was a profound moment of intimacy, and we reveled in it. I had never been more content. 

When I regained consciousness it took me a moment to come to my senses. We had fallen asleep in each others arms. I realized she was wrapping her tape measure around my dick. 

"Nine point four centimeters" she announced. "The average is 9.7. And by the way, I measured your length while you were sleeping: 8.6 cm. That's just about average too. So what do think about the data?"

"Frankly, I don't I give a shit anymore. Thanks to you. I think we've figured out we're both OK."

"You can kiss it now."

It took me only half a beat to realize she was talking about her clitoris.

"Do you mind if I start a little higher up?"

"If you want to."

The feeling of her nipple growing hard in my mouth was almost more than I could bear. 

"You taste funny."

"You mean to say you've never tasted your own semen?"

"Oh yuck, is that what it is?"

"Oh grow up. How are you supposed to understand what your partner experiences if you haven't tried it yourself?"

"I guess I've never thought about it that way."

"Well, let's just say you're experiencing what I'm going to taste one of these days, but for now, I need you to cum somewhere else."

I continued caressing her nipples with my mouth. I actually began to be turned on by the taste of my residual cum on her tits. And the idea that she was going to end up tasting my semen made me think about her swallowing my load. 

I took a few more minutes to put the finishing touches on her breasts; making my way slowly over her taught abdomen to her enticing vagina. Her body language and audible response could not have been easier to read. She extended an invitation by spreading her legs and thrusting toward me. It reminded me of when she squirted all over the sheets. I began to explore her opening with my tongue; moving it slowly up and down her delicious slit.

"That feels sooooo good. Can you lick between my inner and outer lips? I love being stimulated that way."

I used my fingers to separate her labia and probed the trough between them, all the way around -- moving from the top of her hole, down and then up the other side. I had not yet made contact with her citreous.

"Put you finger inside and feel how wet I am."

Indeed she was. I enjoyed examining the slippery crevice, thinking about what else I'd be exploring it with soon. I removed my glistening finger and put it under her nose. 

"Do you like the way you smell?"

"Not as much as I liked the smell of your semen. But I'll admit, I usually suck on my fingers and smell them during my masturbation sessions. It's so basic. And I pretend it's a lover smelling and tasting my juices. Do you want to try?"

Of course that was my intent all along. If there was any doubt about the completeness of my erection, it ended as I savored her womanly aroma. 

"I think there's a direct connection between my nose and my dick. I could cum just by your scent."

"Not so fast, Buster. You haven't even kissed me yet."

I had almost forgotten my mission. Her awaiting orifice beaconed, glistening in the soft light. I pulled back her clitoris hood as she had instructed me to do before and began providing the stimulation she wanted so badly. 

"It tastes just the same, but much more intense."

I'm not sure she heard me. She was playing with her nipples again.

"Careful, Petunia. We don't want any fireworks yet!"

I started to work on her clitoris in earnest. Flicking it back and for with my tongue, then licking it around and around. Finally I started sucking it just like I had done with her nipples. Her body was becoming more ridged, and I decided it was time to consummate our relationship.

"You're the first woman I've made love to with the realization that I'm equipped to do so."

I wondered how long my penis was now. It had to be longer than when she measured it earlier. I entered her with tenderness, sensitivity and the knowledge that this was a special girl who was changing my life for the better. She was so wet; I was momentarily worried that there might not be enough friction for me. But my concerns were soon allayed.

"I know I get really wet, so I've been doing Kagel exercises ever since I started having sex. The last thing I need is to disappoint my partners."
