 I was going to be in home for a couple days only on my vacation and you had already said you wanted to see me. Having known you for the last six months, I wanted to have a chance to see you as well. 

The day before I left you came to my friend's house, where I was staying. They had to leave for a while and left us alone. We sat and talked for a while. The conversation turned towards sex. Not an uncommon thing for us with the depth of friendship that we seemed to share from the start. 

Speaking of what we wish our past partners would have done to us or let us do to them and all the things that my current partner wouldn't do for me. We laughed and learned from each other all the secrets of our respective bedrooms. 

You asked if some had kissed me from head to toe before. I admitted that no one had ever really kissed me all over and I wanted that to be done by someone and how though my partner had sucked my nipples he left me feeling that there should be more to it. I also confessed to you that I felt there was something wrong with me because I didn't feel a lot from nipple stimulation. 

You laugh and say you will show me otherwise and come over to me. I look up at you wondering what you were planning to do. You lean down towards me and put your lips to mine for the first time. You lightly kissed me at first, just your lips upon mine.  

Then you were moving your lips upon mine. Urging my mouth to open and let you enter by gently sliding your tongue out to touch my lips. Pushing further in as my lips begin to part for you until your tongue slides between my lips and teeth to explore deep inside my mouth. 

You plunder inside my mouth dueling with my tongue until your tongue knows my mouth as well as my own, before breaking your lips from mine. 

You drop down to your knees in front of me, putting your face level with mine as you lean in to discover my lips once again. I open for you as soon as your lips touch mine. My mouth opens for your tongue and my legs parting to allow you to move in closer to me. You accept both offers as you knee walk into me until your stomach is touching the chair and I can feel the heat of your body all along the front of mine. 

When you stop searching my mouth with your tongue and you break the kiss this time, you kiss your way along my cheek over to my ear. I feel your hot breath in my ear a second before I feel you pull my earlobe into your mouth and your teeth gently tugging on it. 

At the same time that you doing that to my ear makes me want to turn my head so you cant do it anymore it sends little tiny shivers from my ear down to the center of my sex and I could I feel myself growing moist, opening up for you. 

You finally release my ear and I sigh, though not sure if it was disappointment or relief that made me sigh as your lips begin to trail down my neck to my shoulder. First kissing, then nibbling, and finally soothing with your tongue. 

I figure you can't tease me to much more since I am still fully dressed and a part of me is disappointed by that fact. I want you to continue to work your magic on me. I like the feeling of my body opening up to accept you deep inside, but I also fear that I will disappoint you when you see that my body doesn't respond as most women's do. 

You lift your mouth up off my shoulder and look at me as if asking for permission to continue. I smile and you accept that as consent. 

Your mouth comes down on my right nipple and through my shirt I feel the hot moistness of your mouth as you pull me into you. I don't feel your mouth moving or you sucking on my nipple but I feel your heat on me. You mouth so close to the nipple yet not actually touching it makes me shift my self in the chair, bringing my wet pussy up closer to you as if begging for your touch. 

It is then that we hear the gate opening and my friend and her husband talking to each other. You get up and go back to your chair and we try to pretend as though nothing had happened, even though both of us realize there is business left to be taken care of this day. 

We share small talk with my friends for a little while, before you stand up and announce that you have to go take care of some things. As you leave you ask if I would like to come over to your house later since our visit today had been short. 

I know what will happen if I go. Yet I hear myself saying, "I will make sure there is nothing going on here. If I can come over I will call you later and let you know." 

Later, after finding out that nothing else had been planned by my friends for the night I tell them of your offer for a little more of a visit. Explaining it as since I had never seen your house you wanted me to know where you lived. 

I call you up and tell you to give me directions again. That I was going to come over in a little while. Needed to change my clothes and stuff first. 

When I get off the phone, I rush to get ready. I put on a black spandex bodysuit that I love to wear with the shirt that you had gotten me as a late Christmas present this year. I also brush out my hair and spray on a little perfume. 

As I am driving to your house I feel the butterflies in my stomach fluttering around with both nervousness and anticipation about what was to come. Knowing that if you made a move towards me I would be powerless to resist it after the way your touch had left me aching to be filled by you earlier. 

I arrive seeing you comfortable in your own house resting with only a pair of jeans. I see your chest with its light covering of hair and imagine the taste of you on my lips. 

You show me around your house. Taking me from room to room and showing me the spare bedroom and bathrooms, living room, etc. avoiding your bedroom. You ask if I would like a drink. I accept your offer. As you pour I sit down on the couch. 

I am overwhelmed with thoughts. Needing you to make a move on me and fill the void you had created and also fearing that if you do it will mess up the friendship that we are building. 

You hand me my drink as you sit down on the floor in front of me and we talk for a while about your house and family and all the things that friends talk about.

Now, finished with my drink I get up to take it in the kitchen and rinse it out. As I do so, you get up and follow me. Coming up behind me and putting one hand on either side of me pinning me up against the sink. 

You lean in to kiss the back of my neck, using your nose and chin to move the hair away to give you access. Your tongue flicks out and licks my neck and then your teeth gently bite into me. 

With that one simple caress from you I feel myself growing moist with anticipation of your touch again, only this time I know there will be nothing to stop you from doing so. 

You continue to tease the back of my neck as you move your arms in closer to me and then move them off the counter to wrap around my waist. Your hands down on each of hips, fingers just shy of touching my pussy through my pants and you pull me back closer against you letting me feel your cock against my ass. 

Your fingers slide over my mound to tease the top of my slit making me reach for the cabinet as if needing its support to stand as your finger begins to rub back and forth over my clit barely touching me. 

I am not sure if I want to push towards your hand demanding more contact with it or if I want to push my ass back onto you cock. I end up doing both. I first, push my pussy further onto you fingers and then back onto your cock trying to ride your finger glad that my pants were thin so I could feel your fingers sliding over my clit. 

You continue to tease my clit and let me try to ride your fingers until I am soaking your fingers through my pants with my juices and almost begging you to let me cum. 

You break contact with my pussy and turn me around to face you. Kissing my lips again before your head dips down on my chest again taking my nipple into your mouth through my sweater. 

I toss my head back and gasp as I feel the heat from your mouth moving over my already sensitive nipples as you go back and forth between the two. 

You hands reach out to my hands and bring them to your stomach. I know with out asking that you are hard and wanting me to open your pants and free your shaft from its confinement. 

I fumble with your to tight button on your pants with trembling fingers and when the button finally pops free you raise your head off my chest allowing me to watch as I unzip them slowly exposing your briefs that still is concealing your hard cock from my eyes yet showing me enough to know the shape and size of the head and of the ridge of your shaft. 

I lean in to kiss your lips as I let my fingers glide over your still covered cock. Teasing it to become just a little harder for me watching your hips thrust towards my fingers before I slide my hands into the waist band of your pants to grasp your hips and begin to slide them lower. 

As I lower your pants down your strong thighs I have to break my lips from yours to bend down dragging your pants down so I lean my face into your chest and lick around your nipple before gently taking it into my mouth and using my teeth to nipple on your hard nub. Tasting you for the first time and feeling your fur tickle my nose and lips. 

When your pants are down to your knees, I begin to slide my hands back up your legs. Sliding up the front of your firm legs, letting you feel my fingernails working their way up to your cock once again. 

Grasping your cock through your briefs I slid my hand over your cock. I tease you once again before sliding my hand into your briefs and pulling them down your legs also, finally baring your hard cock to my eyes. 

I reach out for you cock with both hands and cup your cock in them lovingly. I work my hands up and down your shaft massaging you. Watching as I stroke your cock to its full erection. 

I then lean in to kiss you again as my fingers and hands continue to stroke your cock. Thrusting my tongue into your mouth and then letting you enter mine so I could use your tongue as a tiny cock and suck on it as I jerked your shaft with my hands. 

Feeling your breath quickens and your chest vibrating with your moan, showing me how good I am making you feel. 

Finally, you can't take it any more and you pull yourself away from me. You tell me that if I keep going then I won't be able to feel your cock deep inside me until later. 

You bend and take your pants and briefs off, leaving them on the kitchen floor. Then take my hand in yours and lead me down the hall and towards your bedroom. 

Once at the door you pull me up in front of you. You slightly push me into the room and towards the bed. Turning me around so the back of my legs touch the bed as your lips touch mine and your tongue forces its way into my mouth again. 

You lean into me urging me to lower onto the bed as your hand slides under my sweater pulling it up and over my head, uncovering my body through my body suit to your eyes. 

I sit on the bed and you place your hand onto my shoulder pushing me to lie back on the bed. You follow me as I do to place your self on top of me, placing your hips between my legs. Your cock pushing into my pussy through the thin material covering me again making me feel as if my body was opening up to receive all you have to give as my wetness soaks through my pants. 

You kiss me again and start rubbing your cock onto my wet and throbbing pussy imitating a fucking motion with your hips. Reaching down to my hips and teaching me how to move with you before you enter me. 

Then bracing yourself on your knees, you reach up with your hands and begin to ease my body suit down off my shoulders. I arch up my shoulders allowing you to do so. Then arching up my lower back taking me closer to your cock the further you slide the body suit down my arms. 

Once the top is down around my waist you lean down and take my right nipple into your mouth letting me feel the wet heat of your mouth upon me for the first time with no barrier covering me. Making me gasp before moving to the other nipple to suckle at it. Nibbling with your teeth and then soothing with your tongue back and forth between the two nipples with your tongue sliding between the two. 

You finally stop teasing me with your mouth on my nipples and go back to removing my pants by placing my feet upon your chest as you stand up then putting your hands on my pants and tugging them down slowly taking my panties as well, revealing my shaved pussy to your eyes. You watching as my secret is uncovered by you and as you pull them further up my legs to my feet. You take one foot into one hand and watching as my legs open showing more of my pussy to you as you pull them off that foot before repeating the move with the other foot. 

You place my feet back onto the bed knees up in the air. You see the dew shining on my pussy as you ease yourself back down onto the bed and between my legs. 

Once again, your cock nestles my pussy only this time with no cover between the two. I feel the smooth head of your cock teasing my clit begging for entrance as you kiss my lips again. 

You reach with hands to urge my hips up closer to you and then you pull back a little. I feel the head of your cock poised at my wet entrance and I use my feet to push me higher pushing myself onto the head of your cock, showing that I am ready for you to be inside me. 

Your tongue pushes past my lips at the same time you push your cock into me. Letting you feel my wet heat on your cock all at one time. Burying your cock deep inside me as your tongue plunders my mouth. 

I am restless with need, aching to cum so I start moving my hips trying to force you to move with in me. 

You break the kiss and rise up on your arms to look down upon my face as you begin to pull back out of me then driving your cock back into me hard. You seem as though you are unwilling to leave my heat for long yet just as desperate as I am for completion. 

Bracing yourself again on your knees you pull my hips, forcing my pussy to ride your cock as your thrusts increase in speed and depth. Your cock touching deep inside my pussy, making it yours. 

I sense you nearing your peak and begin to thrust myself onto you trying to increase your pleasure. When you notice what I am doing, you remove one of your hands from my hips and begin to rub my clit with the pad of your thumb. Making me ride your cock and your thumb. 

You feel my pussy tighten even more around your cock as the first wave of my orgasm comes crashing over me and you drop down on top of me pulling me close as I call out your name with my release and begin to fuck me harder and deeper. You keep me at my peak even longer. 

I feel your cock tighten inside me, and hear your moans as your release is coming. I tighten my pussy around your cock and try to ride you through, increasing your pleasure and helping you touch even more of me as your white heat spills itself deep inside my belly. 

You continue to lay on top of me, both of us trying to regain our strength and bring our breathing back to normal. Neither of us wanting the moment to end, yet knowing it will. 

When finally, you did find the strength to move you rolled to my side and placed your arm under my head holding me close as we both drifted off to sleep wondering if there would ever be another time so perfect between us, hoping that there would be.