 Walking through the hardware store, having been there as they opened the doors on this beautiful Saturday morning, I was looking for the correct blade for my circular saw. Having located it, I turned to go to the register and abruptly ran into a lady I didn't know was standing there.

"Oh! Excuse me! I'm sorry, I didn't see you there," I said as I fought off the embarrassment I felt.

"You're fine, don't worry about it," was her reply. Her voice was one of those that had an elevated degree of sexiness to it and was as soft as the fur on a long haired kitten.

"I don't mean to impose, but do you know much about power tools?" she asked.

"Well, I'm no power tool guru, but I have a fair amount of knowledge about them. Whatcha need?" I asked, grateful for the opportunity to talk more with her. She went on to explain that she was getting the supplies for replacing a small deck on the back of her house and didn't know what kind of saw to get. After I asked some questions to gain more knowledge of exactly what she was doing, I told her which one I thought would be best suited to the task.

"Have you ever used one of these before?" I asked as I picked up the boxed saw and put it in her shopping cart for her.

As I looked at her, I was drawn to the movement of her lips as she answered. "Well, no, but it can't be that hard. I've seen one used a lot of times on those home fix-up shows on TV."

Snapping myself out of the sexual trance I had slipped into, I looked at her. She was one fine looking lady!!

"They're easy to use, but they have no forgiveness and can be very dangerous. You'll need to make sure you know what you're getting into before you go cutting up pieces of wood," I explained, trying to get the growth in my pants to terminate before it got too far along.

We stood there for several minutes and discussed some of the basic safety rules, how to set up for the cut, and so on. After I had answered her questions, I bid her a farewell and proceeded to the register to pay for the blade I needed. As I was getting into my truck, I heard that same sexual, soft voice.

"Sir? Sir! Please wait! I need to talk to you!".

Turning toward the store, I saw her walking at a brisk pace toward me.

"Oh thank God I caught you!" she said as her hand grasped my upper arm. "I'm really not mechanically inclined, and I know this is so wrong of me to ask, but could you come over and give me a quick lesson?" she asked with a smile so cute and alluring I don't believe any man could have resisted her. "I just live over there a couple miles," she added, pointing the direction of her house. It wasn't like I had anything else to do, so I agreed.

We started to travel toward her house, her in the lead and me following in my truck while countless variations of us being entwined in various sexual positions raced through my head. We soon arrived at her house and she lead me to the back deck she was planing to repair. Back in rural western Pennsylvania, we would have called it a porch, but here, I guess it was a deck. Go figure!

I surveyed the deck as she explained what she wanted to do, which in reality, was easy - just replace a few boards and add a railing was her primary wishes. Since it was early and this project wouldn't take more than just a few hours, I asked if she wanted me to help her finish it.

"Oh, I'd love that! But I don't want you to waste your time here helping me," was her courteous reply. "I'm sure you have things to do and your wife probably wouldn't be too happy if you spent all morning here helping me," she added, obviously fishing for information about me.

"I'm not married, so if you want my help, it's yours," I told her. She smiled and accepted my offer. 

"My name is Jeannie. And you are...." she said as she reached out to shake hands.

"I'm Art, and I'm glad to help out a fellow carpenter!"

She laughed and informed me that she was many things, but a carpenter was certainly not one of the things on the list. She said she did want to learn more about home repair and carpentry, and was thankful for my help. She told me where the lumber was and said she'd start some coffee if I wanted any. Naturally, I accepted the offer for coffee, and then was off to the garage to get the lumber.

Soon, Jeannie was there beside me as I showed her how to get the saw set up to do the first cut. When she tried it, she was doing several things wrong and I was afraid she was going to cut herself, so I offered to show her how to stand in the proper alignment to the wood, how to hold the saw, and all the little things that go into making a simple cut. When she tried it, it was obvious she wasn't catching it.

"Here. If I may, let me help you get set up and started," I offered as I put my arm around her, grabbed hold of her hand that was on the saw and gently moved her into the proper alignment with the wood. The feel of her ass against me produced some involuntary and quick reactions. I was hoping she wouldn't notice and I had her pull the switch on the saw. It started with the typical whine and I guided her hand as she pushed the saw through the wood. The first cut was now history.

We worked on securing the new board onto the deck and took a break to enjoy the Arabica coffee she had made. It was only then I noticed she had on a long shirt and it was not tucked into her pants.

"I hate to be such a stickler, but you shouldn't be wearing that loose shirt if you're going to be using any kind of power tools. It could easily get blown into the blade and that wouldn't be pretty," I said as I stood up to go measure the next piece of floor board.

"I think it's awful hot already, so I'll go change and be right back."

"Yes, it's quite hot, that's for sure!" I agreed as I removed my shirt without thinking.

When she returned in a few moments, I had measured and marked the next few boards, having them laid out for her to cut them. I almost dropped my coffee cup when she came through the door! Wearing 'Daisy Duke' shorts and a snug tank top, I saw she had an incredible body.

"Is this okay?" she asked as she slowly turned a circle as if she was modeling high fashion on a runway.

"Looks good to me!" I told her, meaning that in more than one way. She had a body that I couldn't keep my eyes off of as we worked on the deck.

When she would saw a piece of wood, I'd watch and could all but see her ass cheek peeking out from under her shorts. Her legs were long, nicely tanned, and very shapely, which made it difficult for me to focus on the deck project.

Several hours later, we had completed the deck project and was sitting on the steps. We were talking about the changes she'd like to make to her house, and since the steps weren't very wide, our hips were tightly pressing against each others and her exposed, alluring thighs taunted me relentlessly.

"Well," she said as she patted my leg, her hand just microns away from the pulsating flesh within my jeans, "I better get your lunch started."

She had stood up and disappeared into the house before I could even speak the obligatory protest. Even though I wasn't really wanting to protest at all, I felt I should, as a courtesy.

"Jeannie, please don't fix me anything for lunch. I was just glad to help you out," I said as I stood up and walked toward the door, trying to adjust the log in the front of my pants so it was less visible to her.

"Don't bother arguing. You're having at least a sandwich before you go so get in here and have a seat!" she said in a rather demanding, sexy way. I walked in her kitchen and her shapely ass, so perfectly poured into her shorts, greeted me as she fried some bacon.

"BLT's on toast with a cold beer sound good?" she asked, glancing over her shoulder at me. I sat down at the table and she immediately went to the refrigerator, grabbed two bottles of beer and came to the table, stopping directly in front of me. Her sweat moistened tank was clinging tightly to her curves. Her nipples were hard and pressing against the cotton material. My eyes were fixated on her nipples as I took the beer.

"God! It's so damned hot today again! If you weren't here, I'd be waltzing around in the nude. I'm almost always stripped naked when it's like this," she commented casually as she turned and went back to the range. 

With my hormones over-ruling any common sense I had, I blurted out my thoughts. "Well, don't let me stop you!"

As soon as I said that, I was wanting to die. "She'll probably kick my ass outta here now," I thought to myself the instant my mouth closed as she carefully placed the bacon onto a paper towel. I presumed she either hadn't heard me or was just ignoring the comment but when she brought the serving tray to the table, containing all the required ingredients for the sandwiches. she proved me wrong.

After placing the tray on the table, she stepped back and slid her tank top up over her head and laid it across the back of a chair. "That's so much better!" she exclaimed as she went to get us each another beer. I was mesmerized watching this alluring creature walk around in front of me with basically nothing but a band of denim around her hips.

"I'm glad you aren't a prude about nudity," she commented as her hands pushed her shorts to the floor. She sat down across from me, her breasts easily above the table. Her nipples peered at me like the Geico eyes in some of their advertisements. My state of mind was a mix of desire, gratitude, and desire. (Oh! I said 'desire' twice? Well, I had a lot of desire!)

"Please, take off your jeans and get comfortable," was the next words from her mouth. Without a word, I stood up and my jeans were soon laying on the floor around my ankles. My hard cock was jumping up and down with all the excitement of a child winning a prize at an amusement park. I saw her looking at my endowment as I sat down.

We talked rather casually for two strangers sitting at a table, both of us naked and eating sandwiches. After we each had the second sandwich, Jeannie stood up and came to where I was seated. "It would be rather shitty of me not to offer you dessert," she giggled as she squatted and rubbed her nipples and breasts against my arm.

I turned in my chair to face her. Cupping her breasts in my hands I was soon enjoying the texture of her erect nipples between my lips. I slowly moved my hands down over her ribs. When at her hips, my hands went immediately to her ass and squeezed the firm lobes of flesh I found.

"Hmmm," she purred. "You like my ass, do you?"

I said nothing other than to reply by moving the target of my lips lower and lower down her abdomen as my hands enjoyed the shape and feel of her ass. She soon had my legs parted and was on her knees, exploring and enjoying the erection I had for her. She quickly had me moving way too close to the total loss of self-control so I asked her to stop. 

She stood up, turned a chair around, and moved onto it with her hands over the back and her knees on the seat. Stepping behind her, I enjoyed the shape of her body as my lips kisses her shoulders and back. My hands were teasing and playing with her nipples as my lips neared her ass. She had parted her legs and my fingers soon met up with my tongue at her crotch as my tongue licked at her wet pussy and my fingers found her clit.

She quickly had several orgasms after I had contorted myself to get my head between her thighs with my mouth against her pink heaven. Holding her hips and waist to aid me in maintaining my position, my cock was throbbing maniacally as it waited for some attention.

"Oh - My - GOD!!" she panted as the juices from her strongest release washed over my face. Her body was jerking violently as I relentlessly licked at her sweet honey pot. Her moans and sighs transformed into a shriek as one final massive orgasm hit her body like a train. With her rapid shaking and sudden convulsing movements, I was convinced she wasn't faking anything.

I soon felt her hand against my head, using it to steady herself as she swung her leg across me and put her foot on the floor. Now standing at my side, she reached down and lightly stroked my engorged rod. "You want your full dessert now?" she asked as I slumped slowly to the floor.

Not giving me time to answer, her crotch was over my erection and lowering quickly. With the wetness from her orgasms lingering on her skin, it allowed me to effortlessly slide into her warm, snug pussy.

I moaned with pleasure as she lowered herself to the point of sitting on me. She rocked back and forth, fully engulfing my girth as she moved faster and faster. I reached up and grasped her breasts, rubbed her nipples a few times between my fingers, and then slowly let my fingers trail down her body. I was getting such pleasure I was soon unable to do anything but lay there and let her give me more pleasures than I have had for a while. As the sounds of our moans, groans, gasps and grunts from pleasure rose up and drifted out the screen door, she achieved another orgasm while she rode me like I was a bucking bull. Her warm release flooded my crotch and I felt it trickle down over and around my full sac.

Having enjoyed another orgasm, she was now motionless as she sat on top of me, my hard and throbbing flesh still tucked away deep inside her. She ran her fingers over my heaving chest. "I'm afraid you'll think I'm a very selfish girl, so, tell me how you want me," she said while I lay there and enjoyed the view of her breasts and beautiful face. "Being a man, I'm guessing you like doggie style and anal," she added. 

I nodded affirmatively, an even bigger smile now on my face. 

"I like it too," she said as she stood up and quickly repositioned herself on the floor. She was on her hands and knees with her ass up, legs parted; her body inviting me to enjoy it. I scrambled to get myself behind her and was soon pressing my shaft into her saturated crotch.

I began humping her like a wild dog, repeatedly thrusting hard and deep into her. Our skin smacked together as I drove my hardness deep into her, over, and over, and over again.

"Oh-h-h-h-h-h-h!" she cried as I felt her body tensing in preparation for yet another orgasm as I enjoyed her body. My cock throbbed and was swelling thicker and thicker as my own orgasm quickly approached.

"Cum on my tits!" she yelled as she moved away from me and turned to face me for my impending demise. She straightened her back and lifted her chest high to give me perfect alignment. Grabbing my cock, she vigorously rubbed my length and watched as my knees began to quiver with the onset of my explosion.

My cum began squirting out in huge streams as she stroked me. Her wish was being easily fulfilled as my cum splattered on her chest and began to slowly coat her two round orbs. Several of my shots were stronger than she anticipated and she got a facial as a bonus, which she didn't seem to mind a bit.

While continuing to stroke the length of my erupting cock, her mouth went over the tip and she took me all the way into her throat.

I thought my brains were going to fly out of my head as the intense pleasure ricocheted through my bones.

Her mouth sucked out every drop of semen I had within my body before she released me and licked her lips clean of my cum.

Slowing her pace to a gentle massage, with one hand she continued to rub back and forth over my slowly softening cock while she scooped up my cum from her chest onto her fingers and licked them clean.

"You know, I was going to see if you'd let me hire you to help me fix this place up, but I think I'd rather have you for a fuck buddy than a hired hand," she giggled.

As I fought to stay on my feet instead of collapsing from the draining she just gave me, I looked at her at her while she continued to stroke my now totally limp flesh.

"I'd be okay with that," I managed to say.

"Which? Being my carpenter or my fuck buddy?" was the question she asked as she stood up, still maintaining a soft and sensual grip on my cock.

"Either, or both. You decide," I said as my hands glided around her hips and rubbed her ass.

(07/21/10)