 I live happily with my partner in Queensland, Australia… when I’m not writing; I enjoy my partner’s love, our sex life and the occasional sex with my girlfriends… I hope you enjoy the stories about my fantasies and my real adventures…

***************************

I unlocked my front door and immediately kicked off my shoes with a sigh of relief. It is Friday night, no more work for a few days and this is a long weekend, what will I do with myself as I’m all alone this weekend.

I poured myself a wine, turned on my favourite CD of the moment, sat in the chair and listened to the sexy, husky voice of Stevie Nicks. “Am I game enough to play out one of my fantasies?” I wondered.. One glass led to two and that was enough for me to say out loud, “Well lady, it is now or never and you need to be out of here by no later than 8pm.”

Leaving a trail of clothes behind me I walked to the shower, turned on the taps, regulated the water temperature, stepped into the stall and just let the warm water cascade over my body. As I washed and conditioned my hair I began planning my evening, “God I hope this works”, I thought because I knew that if it didn’t come off, I would never try this again.

I dried off, wrapped a towel around my hair then walked to the kitchen naked for another glass of wine as I decided what I was going to wear tonight. The wine was giving me a nice buzz, enough for me to go all out with my outfit tonight, something I would not wear out normally.

Putting on my white sheer G-string and matching sheer bra, my nipples automatically hardened against the very soft see-through fabric. Standing back, I gazed into the full length mirror, I could see the little tuft of pubic hair above my shaved pussy, my pussy lips pushed hard up against the material, just the thought of what I was going to do had made me wet. I slipped my fingers down under the small amount of fabric and inserted one then another into my wet pussy, slowly pushing them in and out a few times.

I ran my wet fingers up my stomach, put them into my mouth and sucked all my sweet juices from them…mmmmmm…tasted nice.

Slipping into a very short black tight skirt and cream coloured blouse with the top buttons left undone. I was showing a lot of cleavage with just the tip of my bra showing. I tied the bottom of the blouse at the waist revealing a little bit of midriff, put on my black high heel shoes, applied my make up and finished drying my hair. I had decided to leave it down in a mass of blonde curls.

I stood back and surveyed the finished product; even I was pleased with what I saw. A woman in her mid forties, shoulder length blond hair, large breasts and a pretty good figure with long, slender, well tanned legs. 

I walked into the new piano bar that had opened up not so long ago, noticing the little side-glances from some of the men there. I blushed a little and starting to wonder if I really should have worn this outfit. I sat at the bar on a stool with no back and ordered a wine, “That’s on me” said a deep voice behind me. I looked over my shoulder and saw a man about 6’ tall dressed in an open neck shirt and dark trousers. I smiled and said “Thanks.” “ Mind if I sit next to you?” he asked with a sly grin, feeling a little uneasy I replied with “It’s a free country sit where you like”

Raising my drink to him I introduced myself “Maggi,” “He has a very nice, sexy smile” I thought as he just said, “John.” We chatted for awhile about what we did for work and life in general, and all the time I knew I had had way too much to drink. As I was talking to him, I couldn’t help but place my hand on his knee occasionally or on his hand in a gesture of friendliness. John must have realized this as he asked, “Have you eaten yet?” “NO” I replied, “I am starving and a little drunk so maybe food would be a very good idea.”

“I know a great little Italian restaurant down the road,” he said, “Sounds good to me,” I said “But first I need to go to the ladies room.” As I swung around on my stool I opened my legs a little to get off my chair. I saw John’s eyes wander to my parted legs and knew he could imagine a hidden treasure there. This excited me as well as knowing what was to come later tonight. I was very aware of all the eyes on me as I slowly made my way to the ladies room, so I decided I would give them something to look at and wiggled my ass a bit more than normal as I walked. It was while I was in the ladies room I decided to remove my G-string.

“Ok, all ready” I said as I approached John, he quickly finished his drink and placed an arm around my shoulder as we walked out. We walked the two blocks down the road to the restaurant, it was fairly late and the restaurant was nearly empty. The waiter led us to a secluded little booth down the back. John ordered a bottle of Chianti and we both decided on seafood pasta.

An hour or so later we had finished our meals and were nearing the end of our wine. I rested against the back of the booth and slowly opened my legs a little, John tried not to make it too obvious, but I could see he was having trouble holding onto his words as he spoke. I reached over and took hold of his hand and placed it on my inner thigh, leaving it lightly touching the edge of my pussy lips. I didn’t take my eyes of him as he slowly parted my lips, then, with his experienced finger, he found my clit, slowly giving it a little rub before moving down a little, pushing it into my now very wet pussy. “I love a shaved pussy” he said, I smiled at him and said, “Lets get out of here”

We paid the bill and he called a cab. “To the Hotel Royale” John said to the driver as he got in next to me. When we were settled in the backseat of the cab, I leaned up close to him and, slowly and very discreetly, moved my hand up and down his very hard cock that was straining against the confines of his trousers.

I stood next to John at the counter as we booked into the hotel as Mr. & Mrs. John Smith, my hand discreetly rubbing up against his hard cock. At this stage I really didn’t care who could see me, I had had a few too many drinks and was as horny as hell. I am sure anyone that stood close enough to me could smell the juices that were now dripping from my hot, wet pussy.

Once inside our room, John laid me down on the bed. Not even bothering to undress, I opened my legs and John began to tongue my clit and pussy. He sucked and licked my clit, gathering up my juices then running his tongue down to the crack of my ass and back again. He did this several more times then, with a thrust of his tongue, was deep inside my pussy then he slowly inserted a finger into my ass, tongue fucking me at the same time. With all this happening to me at once it became too much for me, I started to buck my hips against his mouth and finger. I felt my orgasm hit me with extreme force. Being aware of what was happening to me, John lifted his head a little then sucked on my clit. “Oh fuck., Oh fuck,” I yelled as I came to the wonderful feeling of John’s tongue, mouth and finger.

When I had partly recovered, I frantically removed the rest of my clothing with Paul doing the same. I got on my hands and knees and spread my legs apart, my pussy lips were very wet and swollen as I waited for his hard throbbing cock to enter me, “Fuck me baby” I said to him. I felt his hard cock enter me. John took it very slow, deliberately rubbing the head of his cock on the little g-spot just inside my cunt. I pushed my ass hard up against him, rubbing my clit and extending my fingers further down to his balls, feeling his wet cock as it was slowly going in and out of me. With my other hand I was pulling and squeezing my very extended and hard nipples. The faster I seemed to be trying to go the more he tried to slow it down, this sort of teasing was driving me insane. When John felt my muscles start to tense around his cock, maybe he decided enough was enough as he started to pump me faster and faster.

With my head buried deep down in between the pillows, I came hard, the pillows stifling my deep animal growl as I felt my orgasm hit me with wave after glorious wave. No sooner had my orgasm died down and John had removed his still very hard cock covered with my cum, I swung around and licked the head of his cock, tasting my cum and ever so sweet juices. With my mouth covering the entire head of his cock, my hands gently tugged at his balls, I felt his whole body tense as he started to cum, spurt after spurt of hot cum shooting into my mouth and down my throat, I eagerly and happily sucked and swallowed as much as John would give me.

Totally exhausted, we lay there, side by side catching our breath, I looked over and said “Paul, did you remember to bring my overnight bag?”