 You're late for friends going away party. They're moving to teach English in South Korea, so you won't be seeing them for at least year. You want to have as much time with them tonight as you can. As a result you're doing 110km/hr in an 80km zone. You're looking mint for this event too. Your friend moving away has great looking guy friends, and you were thinking if you played your cards right, you might able to find one to go with tonight. A short black dress was your choice for the evening. It's not fancy, and it's not trashy, but it is sexy as hell. It clings to your torso, accentuating your perky tits. The lower have remains fitting, hugging your nicely rounded ass. The dress cuts low, but doesn't give everything away up top, and hangs to about mid thigh. Long enough to not worry about showing your ass when you start dancing, but short enough that when you sit, it'll make guys take notice.

You're flying along highway #6 by Hamilton now, and you roll over a hill. There's a cop sitting just off the road, and as you pass, you see him pulling the speed-gun in. Damn it! You knew there were always speed traps on highway #6, but you had sped anyway. You've slowed down now, and you watch the rear view mirror, knowing you'll be seeing his light come on.

As you expected, the lights show up in the distance behind you. You begin to slow down and evaluate that situation. What are you going to be able to tell him to avoid this ticket?

The officer approaches your window, and before he can speak, you say, "I'm sorry officer, I know I was going a little fast. Are we able to go with a warning today? You see, this would be my second speeding ticket this month..." you proceed on, hoping to defuse the situation.

"I'm sorry Ms. You were doing 30 over the limit. I'm going to have to write you up. Can I have your license and registration?" You lean toward the glove compartment, and your dresses inches up, ever so slightly. It's caught the officer's attention, but you're not watching him, so you don't realize the effect you could have. The officer takes your information and walks back to his car. You're sitting there trying to decide how to get out this. You could hit on him... but you're sure that only works in porn and he movies. Still, you steel yourself to follow through on the idea. You get a little tingly thinking about it.

The officer approaches again. As he leans down on your car door to discuss the infraction with you, you coyly open your legs a bit, letting him see more skin. His breath catches in his throat and he chokes on it. "Well, officer, are you sure there's no way you can forgive me just this one time?" As you ask, your free hand moved to your pouting lips, and play with them in faux nervousness. 

"I'm really sorry Ms, but the rules are the rules." He starts to press buttons on the wireless ticket printer. While is fingers are working the buttons on the machine, as you say, "Are you sure there's nothing I can do? I'd really rather not have my insurance go up."

As you finish your statement, you move a hand to your shoulder and lower the strap off of one shoulder. You watch his eyes intently as you lower the straps on your other shoulder. You're playfully biting your lip now and his fingers have stopped working tnat machine. The dress is tight enough, that it's staying up on its own. You take both hands and big to move the bodice of the dress lower, exposing more cleavage. His fingers still aren't working the machine again. You place the index finger of your right hand on your right knee, and begin slowly, sexily, running a finger up your thigh until you hit the fabric of the bottom of your dress. "Alright, Ms., I may be able to think of one way to help you out of this situation."

He walks around your car and slips into the passengers seat. Without a word he unzips his pants, reaches into them and pulls out his cock. You hadn't expected a cock so well formed. The size was perfect... a large swollen head, a lithe though unbendable shaft, that was probably an average length. "If you want out of this ticket, you're really going to have to try hard to convince me."

You smile at the thought of the challenge. He's got no idea what he's up against. You're good enough, he'd let you get away with armed robbery. You reach over and take his cock from him. While working it with your right hand, you use your left to slide your dress up more and show the officer your black lace panties. You rub your hand down over your pussy, rubbing it determinedly. You watch as his face goes from delight, to one of possible mischief. He moves your hand away from his cock and zips up. 

"Ms., this needs to stop. I'm going to have to ask you to get out of the car, and place your hands on top of the hood." His tone is serious, and you're startled. Crap, I thought I had him, you think. His door is open, and he's stepping out. He speaks again in a harsher demanding tone, "I said NOW, Ms." His tone startles you. You open the door and step out. With your hands on the hood, the office says, "I'm going to have to arrest you with attempting to bribe an officer of the law." Fuck no! You're screaming in your head. Outwardly, you just go wide-eyed and look over your shoulder at him. 

He has his cuffs removed from his belt, and in one smooth motion, your left hand it behind your back and in a cuff. Roughly, he reaches for your second hand places the free cuff around it. "Do you understand why you're being arrested?" he asks seriously.

"Uh." Is all that comes out of your stunned mouth. 

He pushes on your head, so you're bent with your face against the hood. You can't believe you thought you could get away with seducing a cop so you could get out of a ticket. What a horrible idea. He begins to explain that he'll need to pat you down to ensure you don't have any weapons on you. "How the hell can I have a weapon on me? Look at what I'm wearing! You really are an asshole." you sputter. 

He just ignores you, as he begins to pat you down. His hands start at your ankles, and slide up. Your legs are bare, what the hell does he think he'll find?! His hands rise up past your knees, and along your soft thighs. His hands don't stop at your hem line. They're under your dress, and running over your ass. He curls his arms around on either side of you, and his hands travel across your panties, just above your pussy. You feel him shift his weight, and suddenly there's a bulge grinding into you from behind. This fucker just wanted to cuff me, and fuck me, you realize. Ha. You had been successful, and you realize it now. You rotate your hips, grinding your ass into his growing bulge. 

He lifts the bottom of your dress up, exposing your ass. Without pausing to take in the sight, he tugs on your panties until they fall to the grown. You feel his hand cup your pussy from behind, and his middle finger slides between your lips and circles your clit. 

"Oh no, officer, you shouldn't be doing this" you say in a sexy, low whisper. You shouldn't be wanting to run your fingers into my pussy, sir". And with that, he slips a finger into you. You've got him figured out now. You know what he wants. "Handsome officer, please stop, I don't want your cock deep inside me while push back against you". 

His hands move off of you, and hear the distinct sound of a zipper being undone. You feel him step up behind you, and the tip of his cock is placed right at your entrance. "Sir, you really should make sure I don't speed again", and with that, the tips pushes into you, followed slowly by his full length. "Oh god, officer, I'll never speed again, I promise" you breathily say as his hands grip either side of your hips, allowing him to move into you with more force. 

"Ok officer, I've learned my lesson, honestly. Just stop now, and don't lick my pussy." Mid-thrust he stops and pulls out. With his hands, still on your hips, he flips your around and lifts your onto the hood. You shyly close your legs, pretending at modesty. He places a hand on either knee and pulls, you resist just enough to make it fun. As your legs spread, he begins kissing his way from your knee. He kisses, all around your pussy, and playfully bites at your thighs, then, as you begin to ache you feel his tongue slide along you, over your clit, around it, back over it, and around it again. You breathing is becoming shorter. The man has talent, you can't deny him that. He's causing you to feel the recognizable build up to a release. "If you don't stop officer, you're going to make me cum". With that, he quickens his technique. Your legs lock around his head as your grind your pussy against his as you shake and squirm while cumming.

"Officer, can show you my appreciation for the lessons you've taught me today?" You're controlling this entire situation, and you love it. He lifts you off the hood, and stands you up. Still cuffed, you lower to your knees and circle your tongue around his cock. "Would sliding your cock into my cute little mouth show you the appreciation I feel?" You ask just before putting your lips over the tip and doing a handful of really shallow bobs of the head. You stop, and look up at him. He nods his head yes. You go back to your routine, though this time, you bob shallow a few times, then take him all the way into your mouth. This is going to make short work of him. You can feel his cock loading with cum as you continue. His body tenses, but you keep going at the same pace and same routine. A salty jet of cum hits the back of your throat and you begin swallowing all of it, making sure he understands how thankful you are.