 The fast pace beat of the music pumps my blood as my body moves. My eyes closed and my hips turning from side to side. The club is packed with numerous people, but I pay no attention, I just dance. Every once in awhile, someone would bump into me or grab me by the waist and dance but it was all meaningless. I didn’t take any mind to it; I was in a trance. 

I opened my eyes for a split second, and I saw him. I saw a man about 10 people away from me. He disappeared with the blink of my eyes. His blood red hair was spiked straight up, and his ice blue eyes had lit up through the dark. But he was gone. I searched all over the loud room, but any trace of him had disappeared. 

Another hand had touched my shoulder, but I wasn’t interested. I wanted to find this man. He entranced me and I was completely spellbound. As I turned to tell the person behind me to leave, the blue eyes shot at me again. It was him; he was touching my shoulder. His lips curved into a smile and he licked them gently. Sliding towards him, he moved his hands to my hips and pulled me closer.

We danced with the beat together, rubbing our bodies against each other. Closer and closer we became. Our eyes had locked and never left each other. I felt my body become warm to his presence. His soft gray shirt felt good against the bare arms of my tank top and my stomach. I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer to my face. I wanted to ask him his name, or tell him he was a great dancer. Anything, just to hear his voice. I wouldn’t be able to hear him because the music was so loud, so I kept on dancing. He moved his hands up from my hips to my back, rubbing me hard and pushing his body into mine. 

He dipped our bodies down, farther and farther, pushing his knee in between my legs until we can’t go any lower. He grabbed my ass as we came back up, and resumed our position. His hands went everywhere and smoothed all over my skin. As he held me under my arms, his thumbs move over to my breasts and touched my nipples. The sensation sent an electric pulse throughout my body and it ended right at my pussy. I grabbed onto his shoulders and held him tight as the sensation grew with his very move. My head rested on his shoulder, breathing on his neck, trying to contain myself. If this is how intense it is right now, how will I be able to handle anything else he does? 

Praying he moves his hands over to feel my entire body, I dig my fingers into his skin. I look up at him, and he parts his lips to a kiss. His fierce tongue twists with mine and I feel myself getting wet. The entire club has flashing lights and people everywhere, not paying attention to us. Too much is going on right now, no body really cares what we do. I move my lips down to his neck, and suck on his skin hard and slow. His hands move to my back and I feel him getting hard with my actions. 

A slow part of the song comes on and he says, “Go into the ladies room, the last stall. I’ll meet you there in one minute.” His voice is glorious with a slight English accent. He kisses my lips and walks away, looking back at me, smiling. After he was gone, a sudden feeling poured over me. What am I doing? I must know what I’m doing because I found myself in the last stall of the bathroom, looking at myself to fix my makeup. Even the bathroom had lower lighting and music. The door creaked open to the ladies room and I heard voices. Girls came in. My stomach was up to my throat, I thought it was him. After a few minutes, they left and it was back to silence, music in the background. That eerie silence was broken by a small knock at the door of my stall. 

My stomach jumped again, and this time I felt it in my underwear too. The door opened and he walked in, locking the door behind him. A sly smile curved over his face and he looked up at me. “He is so gorgeous,“ I told myself. Even though the lights were low, I saw him a lot better then I did outside He had pale skin, and I saw that he had a few earrings on his ears. He came up to me and put his hands on my face. 

He kissed my lips soft, then moved his lips down to my neck. I wrapped my arms around his waist putting my hands under his shirt. Rubbing his skin, his back, his chest, this only made him suck harder on my skin. I stopped him and kissed his lips while unbuttoning his shirt. My tongue started on his ear. His breath became erratic and I twisted his lobe around, pulling at it with my teeth. When his shirt was unbuttoned, I moved my lips to his chest licking his skin all the way down to his pants. I rest on the closed toilet seat and pull him closer to me by his belt loop. Undoing his pants, I look at him with patient eyes as he looks down at me, biting his lip. His cock is already hard as I pull it out of his boxers. Filling my mouth with his skin, he holds onto the sides of the stall and leans his head back. Kissing, caressing and licking his dick for a short time, he quivers slightly, making me stop. I pull away and smile at him. Sweat it already beginning to form on his temples. I say, “Not yet. We have time.”. He takes a breath and smiles, closing his eyes. 

He reaches down and lifts me off the seat, holding me so close; I can feel his hard cock about to rip through my skirt. He lifts my tank top off of my skin, revealing my braless breasts. He leans down and kisses them twirling his tongue around my nipples making them harder then they already are. I close my eyes to soak in the pleasure. He moves his hand under my skirt, rubbing my thighs up to my warm, wet underwear. He puts pressure on the wet spot, teasing me and preparing me at the same time. Moving my panties to the side his hand calms my tension, entering his fingers into my pussy. He pulls his lips away from my chest and looks at me. As his finger massages and flicks at my clitoris, he whispers to me in his sexy English accent, which melts me even more. “I want to watch you feel this, watch your face twist at my slightest touch.” I return from my spaced out state and reply, “I want you”. 

His smile grows and he lifts my skirt completely up around my waist. Tugging at my underwear, he removes them and says, “We don’t need these anymore.” He tosses them on the floor. My legs feel weak, and the intense feeling inside is growing. He lifts my left leg up, and rests my heel on the lid of the toilet seat. His breath covers my lips warming them as I shiver. He senses this, and says, ”Relax, I will not hurt you. I promise.”. His words bring comfort to me, as he holds my hips and guides me to his penetration. Thrusting and pushing, he thrills my organs inside, touching the inside walls and driving me crazy with passion. The door opens to the ladies room and people walk in and out as we thrill each other quietly. 

My screams won’t be able to be contained anymore, but I try as hard as I can to keep quiet. He smiles as sweat drips from his forehead and he whispers in my ear, “Isn’t it exciting, knowing we could get caught?” The idea of someone finding us aroused him even more and he became wilder and faster, keeping his eyes on me the entire time. His eyes were burning into me, and my hands were wrapped around him. I can feel my heart pounding harder and my body begins to tremble. I know I can’t be able to contain myself anymore. The door closes to the ladies room and a long moan escapes my lips, my head falling back and my orgasm shaking my muscles. His mouth opens wide and I feel him drench my insides, him moaning in my ear. It was beautiful, the noises me made. Melting me all over and ringing in my mind. 

Exhaustion overcomes me and I feel like I am about to collapse, the only thing keeping me up is him holding me tight, not letting me go. I look at his gaze on me and realize I don’t know who this man is, but I want to. “What is your name?” I ask, a little embarrassed. He smiles and says warmly in my ear, “I am someone that you will never forget about, and I will never forget about you.” It was a comforting thought, and it made me forget all about labeling him. Wanting to know more. I knew then, that I would never see him again. Ever. I was okay with it, though. I had this experience, and that was all that mattered.

He held me tighter, and kissed my cheek strong. Then kissed my lips one last time. He dressed himself, then walked out of the stall. I never saw him again. I wanted to see him, taste him, touch him one more time, just once. But I never saw him again. I was haunted by his presence forever.

But his smile... It was all I could think about. It was all I could see. When I closed my eyes, his bright, innocent mouth in a curl of satisfaction. Permanently imprinted in my mind. Like a wet dream.