 Thursday. 

Several more morning interviews for the script writer jobs get completed. So far I've got a couple favorites but nobody really stands out.

In the afternoon, Penny and I take a shower before the shoot for Jules. We clean each other up. After we dry ourselves off, I ask "So you aren't going to have a problem with me fucking this Jules, are you?"

She says "No, boss. I'll treat it as a job just like you do."

I say "Great, sweetheart. Because that's all it is."

"Okay, this afternoon after Jules has masturbated for four or five minutes, I'll go down on her for a while and while I'm doing that, you will come over and kneel over her face. If she doesn't start to lick you, you should force yourself on her. Start rubbing that sweet pussy all over her face. After I've eaten her to an orgasm, I will get up and you will turn around and get into a '69' with her. After you've both had a couple of orgasms, you can get up and I'll shove my cock into her mouth to see how she sucks it. After that, I'll fuck her in missionary position and you can sit on her face again. Then I'll get her on her hands and knees and start fucking her. You crawl under her and I'll force her head down into your pussy. The entire idea is to make her eat that tasty pussy as much as possible while I fuck her. Now if Jules does anal, I fuck her ass as well, then I'll tell her to kneel and I'll cum on her face."

Penny says, "Sounds like a plan, Brad."

Jules arrives and she's pretty hot. She's a dark skinned Latina. Gorgeous face and it looks like a pretty hot body. Penny is sitting beside my desk with a robe on and nothing under it. "Come in, Jules, have a seat on the couch. I told you what we are going to do this afternoon during and after the interview. I need to ask you again if you are fine with everything we talked about on the phone call."

She smiles and says "Yes sir, I am so fine with everything you told me about and looking forward to it." 

"Great, Jules. So the first thing I want you to do is remove your clothes. If you are going to be a porn star you might as well get use to being naked around clothed people. A normal porn shoot will have the naked actors and actresses and from six to twenty non-participants doing such things as directing, running the cameras, making sure the lighting and sound are correct. There will also be other assistants, both men and women. So let's start removing those clothes and give me a sexy strip tease while you are at it."

Jules is pretty and appears to have a hot body. She's stripping and dancing for us she is revealing a nice body. Once she is naked, she just stands there with her arms at her sides. 

I say "I'm going to take some photos of you now. Keep dancing for me." She keeps moving and I start snapping pictures. Not bad, I like her but she's no Penny. After a few minutes, I tell her to stop dancing and I say "Now I need some head shots of you. Give me some nice smiles.

"Excellent."

"Okay, sweetheart. I want you to turn toward the couch, bend at your waist and spread your butt cheeks apart. I want a good look at that sweet pussy and ass." She does as I ask and I'm rock hard. She's smokin'. I take a couple of pictures of her female parts. Yum, they look delicious. 

After I finish with the photo shoot, I tell her to have a seat and we'll start the interview portion. She immediately crosses her legs.

"Jules, never cross your legs. Be proud of that pretty pussy. I want to see it." She uncrosses her legs. I say "Spread those legs a little more...that's it, great." I smile at her. "Have you decided on a porn name yet, Jules?"

Jules says says "I thought of something like Mocha or Chocolate, but there are already porn actresses named that."

I say "How about Hot Chocolate. I don't think anyone has that name."

"I love it, sir."

"Age, Hot Chocolate?"

"I'm 26."

I ask her her measurements and she says "39D-26-38 and 5' 9" tall."

I say "Weight?"

She says "About 130lbs."

I write her hair color down which is black.

I say "Okay, let's talk sexual experience. Give me a ballpark figure of the number of sex partners."

She hesitates and says "Ah...twenty or so."

I smile and say "Any women?" 

She says "I've fooled around with a woman but never licked a pussy before."

I smile and say "Well, you are going to get that experience today. My assistant here will be joining us during the taping and she'll be sitting on your face a lot as well as going down on you."

"Oh, okay sir."

I smile. "So, I'm assuming you've done oral and vaginal sex with men, right?"

"Right."

"What about anal?"

She says "Yes, sir."

I say "Well, good. So how many cocks have you had up there?" 

She thinks a bit and then says "I'm guessing five or six, sir."

"Okay, Hot Chocolate. Great. Then you won't mind if I fuck your ass this afternoon, then."

"No, sir."

"Have you had sex with multiple men at the same time or been in an orgy where you've sampled multiple men."

She says "Yes, I have."

"What's the most men you've had at the same event?"

"Three, sir."

"Okay, how about kinky sex?"

She smiles and says "Yes, sir. I like being tied up, blind folded and fucked hard. I love spankings too. Haven't had any whips, floggers or things like that. I'm not opposed to trying anything, sir."

"Jules, are you a submissive?"

"What's a submissive, sir?"

I say "A person who likes to turn over control to a dominate person to do whatever that person desires usually sexually."

She smiles and says "I guess you could call me that. I like a strong willed man who takes control of our sexual experience and uses my body hard. As long as I get pleasure out of it, I'm pretty much up for anything."

"Good, Jules. I like that." I look at Penny and she's frowning.

I hand Jules a pen and a sheet of paper and tell her to write down her phone number and email address so I know how to contact her. She starts to write and when finished hands everything back to me.

"Thanks, Jules. Okay, I want you to lean back, spread your legs out and start to masturbate while we get undressed. Play to this camera on my desk. Look into it and make it believe how much you are enjoying yourself."

She smiles and spreads her legs way out and she starts to finger-fuck herself. When I'm naked I start to stroke myself. I'm actually not very hard yet. Penny sees this and kneels in front of me and starts to suck me off. Soon I'm hard as a rock again. I pull her up and French kiss her hard. "Thanks, lover. You're the best." She gives me a big smile.

I continue to stroke it as I watch Jules. I reach over with my right hand and start to play with Penny's left nipple. She moans and I smile at her.

Jules finally gives herself an orgasm so I walk over and kneel down. I remove her hand, lick my lips and say "Now to see how your pussy tastes."

I bend down and begin to lick her pussy. She doesn't taste as good as Penny but she's not bad. Penny's pussy juice is so tasty I could eat that pussy forever. I start to pleasure her pussy good and she's moaning again quickly. Penny lowers her pussy onto Jules' mouth. Three minutes later, Jules screams and begins to cum. I bring her off again and as she's coming down for the second time, Penny begins an orgasm. Once she's done, I get up and Penny turns around and they get into a '69'. After a couple more orgasms, I say "Jules, I need your mouth down here right now."

She smiles and is on her knees quickly. She takes my hard cock into her mouth and begins a very good blowjob. A minute or so later, she buries it in her throat and then begins to fuck me with her mouth. It's probably the best deep-throat mouth fuck I've ever had. I'm standing there with my eyes closed and really enjoying it. I let her go for another minute and then pull out. "On your back, Jules. Let's fuck."

I'm soon pounding into her. She's pretty loose. Too many huge cocks, I'm guessing. Penny crawls on top of Jules' face and starts to fuck it. I lean over to Penny and rim her asshole. She squeals and looks back at me with a smile on her face. I fuck Jules for over five minutes and she screams with another orgasm. I pull out and tell her to get on her hands and knees. I slam back into her and she squeals. As I'm fucking her from behind I grab the lube and lube her ass. After three more minutes, she has another orgasm and, when she's finished, I pull out, grab the handheld camera and then slip into her ass. 

There's a little more friction in there. I start to fuck her and start to film my white cock going in and out of that nice dark brown ass. As Penny moves under her face, I push her head down into Penny's hot box. I'm getting close now because she's tighter there than in her pussy. Penny starts to cum and then so does Jules. That orgasm pushes me closer. I pull out and say "Jules, turn around and kneel." As I pull out I rip the condom off and by that time, Jules is kneeling in front of me. I stoke myself a few times and shoot three streams of cum on her face and tongue which she is sticking out. All in all a very good scene. She swallows what I shot into her mouth and then she leans up and licks my still dripping cock. 

I tell her she did good and to go clean her face up in the bathroom. When she gets back, I complement her on a job well done and hand her the $100 bill. She's surprised and she thanks me. She says "Wow, a great fuck and $100. I love it."

I sit down at the desk and say "Jules, I'll edit the tape and send it off to the two producers in California I know but I'd like to offer you a contract. I'll sign you up and pay you $200 for each pussy you eat and $500 for each cock sucked and fuck. Also, $1000 for each cock in your ass and for any BDSM scene. I've started a production company here and we should be ready for our first film in less than two months. Of course, if you receive notice that they want you in California, I'll release you from the contract here and let you go, if you want."

She says "That sounds great." I sign the contract after I put the amounts in and hand it to her. She skims it and also signs it. "Thank you so much, sir."

"You are welcome, Jules or should I say Hot Chocolate. If you know anyone else that might be interested please tell them about us. We need men and women of all three races."

"I will, sir. Thanks again."

"Jules, you can put your clothes on and take off now. Thanks for coming in. If you'd like a copy of the tape, just call and let me know. It should be ready in a few days."

"Thanks again, sir." She dresses and leaves.

I look at Penny still sitting on the couch with her legs spread and lick my lips. She smiles. "Will you let me go to California if they want me, Brad."

I say "Of course, my sweet. And you will always have a job waiting here for you although I might just decide to keep you and offer you a partnership in the corporation. How does that sound?"

"Wow! Really?"

I French kiss her and say "Really. You seem to have a talent for finding a good story. I like that."

She says, "Brad, I'm going to see if my roommate might be interested in joining us. She's pretty hot and I know she loves sex."

"That sounds great, Penny. Let's go take a shower before the 4 o'clock interview for the script writer." We've got almost an hour so we shower and I eat that pussy in the shower and because I get hard from smelling her juices, I begin to get ready to fuck her. But then I realize I don't have a condom. She says "Come on, Brad, fuck me without a condom. I'm on birth control and was just tested two months ago. I'm clean and I know you are too."

I smile and say "Yes, my test was less than a month ago." She bends over and I slip into her from behind. I start to pound into her then since she doesn't have the butt plug in, I slip my thumb into her ass. She squeals. I then start to rub her clit. About four minutes later she screams as her first orgasm since the shoot hits her hard. She cums for quite a while and I note that her legs are shaking it's such a good orgasm. I'm going to take a while since it's my second cum of the afternoon. Ten minutes later and three more orgasms for her and I pull out. She whips around and opens her mouth. I shoot three streams of cum into her mouth and she swallows. She then sucks my cock into her mouth and cleans it off. We soap each other up and get squeaky clean.

After the 4pm interview, I sit her on my lap and ask her what she thinks about moving in with me. She smiles and says "I'd love that."

I say "Good, as soon as you can, make the move sweetheart. The sooner the better but your level of sex will increase sharply. I plan on fucking the hell out of you whenever I feel like it."

She smiles and says "Bring it on, stud."

We kiss a while and she says, "Guess what I found today while you were doing the script writer interview?"

"What, sweet thing?"

"I think I've found the perfect story for Jules. It's a lot like 50 Shades. Lots of sex and quite a bit of BDSM. But I don't think Mike Paloni is right for the male lead though."

"Okay, babe. I'll read it tomorrow if I have time. Great job. That's another $1000 if it's good as you say it is."

Thursday night, we fuck our brains out again. She is definitely the hottest woman I've ever fucked and I love it. She's pretty damn good for someone with so little experience. She's going to be something when she gets some experience and I plan on giving her a hell of a lot of experience.

Friday. 

Today is a day for script writer interviews. I've got six scheduled but really nothing else so I'm going to edit two videos between the interviews and I'm going to teach Penny how to do it.

By lunch, I'm pretty sure I've found at least one of the script writers. I've got two more candidates I like for the other position. There are three more interviews this afternoon.

Before the end of the day, I get another phone call from a woman that wants to test and interview. I talk to her and tell her what she will have to do. She says she loves the idea. I set up an interview for Monday morning at 10am. Her name is Eve Thorton. I've finished the script writer interviews and have chosen two candidates. I call them back and ask them to come in on Monday morning for work. They both agree to starting Monday and will both get $50,000 to start plus bonuses. 

Penny and I don't have sex at work today because of all the interviews but I've got plans for tonight. First it's supper, then clubbing and then I'm going to fuck the hell out of her. I'm even thinking about tying her up first and maybe spanking her before fucking her to maybe a dozen hard orgasms. 

We leave at 4pm and head to my apartment soon to be our apartment. Penny wants to move this weekend. When we get home, Penny says she's going to take a long bath and soak for a while. I get myself a drink and turn some music on and relax. I deliver her a flute of champagne to enjoy while in the bath.

Penny comes out of the bathroom wearing a towel and walks over in front of me. She drops the towel and says "What do you think of this?"

I smile and say "I think I have a naughty young lady trying to entice me sexually." She laughs. "I may have to spank you tonight, bad girl." She bends over and wiggles her hot ass at me. I reach up and smack her left butt cheek.

She stands up and says "Hmmm, I kind of enjoyed that." She bends over again and I smack her right butt cheek. She says "Brad, how about holding me down and spanking me tonight."

I say "I was already thinking about that. I think I will and then tie you up spread-eagle and eat your pussy until you beg me to stop. Then I'll fuck you until you are raw between your legs."

"Yum, that sounds like fun. You've already got me wet between my legs. Would you like a appetizer, honey?"

"Well, sweet thing, as good as that sounds, I think I'll save it all for a four or five hour love match tonight."

I get up and smack her left butt cheek again, grope both lovely globes and say "I'm going to go shower and then we'll get some food. Do you have a nice dress to wear?"

"Not here. We'll have to stop by my apartment first."

"Okay, I'll be glad when you move all your stuff in here. I get horny a lot and it's going to be fun to have a hot woman to satisfy my sexual needs whenever I want. I hope you like to be fucked a lot."

"Oh, I do lover. I'll be ready for whatever your hot body can throw at me, stud." I laugh and grab her hot body and French kiss her long and hard.

I go take a long shower. It feels good to be finished with that week. We made a lot of good progress on the technical side this week. And striking gold on Monday with Penny was the best thing to happen to my life for a long time. I'm feeling like we are really compatible and just maybe soul mates. Just thinking of her has me hard as I get out of the shower. I dry off and grab my dirty clothes and walk out and into the bedroom naked. Penny is sitting on the bed waiting for me. She gives me a wolf whistle and I smile at her.

She says "Would you like that beautiful cock sucked, my stud?" She licks her lips and my cock gets harder.

"I'd love it but think I'll save it for later. I'm not kidding about four to five hours of sex. I just may eat that pussy all night long tonight."

She says "I think I will enjoy that tongue of yours all night, hot stuff."

I walk over to her, grab her legs, pull them up and stick my face in her pussy and stick my tongue in her vagina. She's really wet. She squeals and laughs. I stand up and go dress. After I'm done, I walk out with the large butt plug and some lube. I say "Okay, babe, let's put this in. I'm really anxious to get my cock in your butt."

She smiles, slips her panties down and bends over. She spreads her legs and pulls her cheeks apart. I slowly remove the the medium plug, relube her and lube the large plug. I begin to slowly work it into her butt. She's moaning. When it pops in she sighs. I bend down and kiss each cheek and then her clit. She squeals.

I say "How does it feel? You were moaning there. Did you like it?"

"It wasn't too bad. I'm getting use to it. I'm kind of looking forward to the butt fuck with your wonderful cock inside of me also." She stands up and pulls her panties back up. I grab her and French kiss her hard. 

"I'm really digging you, my lady. I can't believe how close we've become in only five days."

"I'm feeling the same way, sweetie. Actually, I'm a little scared how compatible we really are and how fast we both are falling for each other. I'm worried something will happen to ruin this magical relationship."

"Well, Penny, let's not borrow trouble. Let's just enjoy each other in the moment."

She grabs me and her tongue runs along my lips. I open my mouth and our tongues wrap around each other. Damn, this is hot.

She says, "Brad, I told my roommate about the company and she's thinking it over."

I say, "Great. What does she do for a living?"

"She's a waitress."

"Think she'd like a real job, assuming she can surf the web as good as you. I would hire her as a story finder if she'd like that. I can also test her if she wants to get involved in that side of the camera. I'll give her three times her current annual income."

"Great. I'll ask."

Soon we are on our way out hand in hand.

We stop off at her apartment and she grabs a bunch of clothes, changes in to a nice black dress and some five inch black heels. I notice she doesn't put her panties back on. Hmmmm! She packs the rest of the clothes in a garment bag and a small suitcase. I carry both down to the car and put them in the trunk. Her roommate was not home. We head to the restaurant and have a nice meal with some excellent conversation. She tells me she hopes California comes calling for her. I look at her kind of questioningly. She says "Only because then you'll offer me a piece of the corporation and then I can tell them I have a better deal." I smile. Maybe I'll do that anyway whether they call or not. We'll see. She's definitely got an eye for a good story. And my mind is constantly on her and her hot body.
