 A night to remember, a story by Marc and Leigh 

*

His Story -- The Scene is set

I knew it was going to be a good night tonight. As I was getting ready, I grinned evilly while I contemplated what I was going to do tonight. I was wearing my Italian leather shoes; a pair of black trousers that would help me to remain unnoticed in the crowds and a loose fitting light coloured flannel shirt. And of course, as always my lucky pounamu, a Maori good luck stone. Somehow, I always know this helps guide my way.

I leave in the taxi waiting outside, the hot night air upon me. As I sit in a pleasurable silence, lost again to my world of contemplation, I imagine the night that lies ahead. Finally arriving at my destination, the sounds of the night already fill the air and a warm scent of candles light my way as I pay the driver and walk confidently towards the club. I reach the doors. I'm patted down by the bouncer, looking for any excuse to deny my entry, but, finding none, I flash my best smile and walk confidently past him. I pay my money and wonder into the depths of the club. The music beating hard and loud, the place is already filling up nicely. Good, I didn't arrive too early. And then I see her. Just a fleeting glimpse, as she stands at the bar in the corner near the far wall. I order from the bar nearest me, as I watch her from afar . . . 

Her beautiful legs encased in sleek knee length leather high heeled boots look just stunning to me. My gaze being drawn up her legs to meet her plaid skirt, far too short for decency. I bet she knows it and I bet she loves the attention. My view is interrupted momentarily as someone goes over to hit on her and I see her shake her head. He wonders away, embarrassed. My view, again unobstructed, I'm careful to remain out of her line of sight. My gaze travels up over her perfect form resting again on her perfect breasts, accentuated only by the beauty of the top she's wearing. As she turns toward the bar to order another drink, I can't help but steal glances at her perfect bum and I see she can't be wearing a bra as her top is backless. Good. That should make things easier I think to myself, determined that she will be mine before the night has ended.

I cautiously walk over to her, her dark hair flowing down around her shoulders; our eyes meet as she turns toward me. I say nothing to her, I just keep walking until I'm inside her personal space. I know she can feel my breath on her, as I can feel hers on me, my eyes boring into her. I don't say a word as my hand snakes slowly up under her skirt. She isn't wearing any underwear. She must really need it tonight. I gently rest my hand on her hot pussy and for an instant I see her think about pushing me away until I touch her hot clit. Then she just melts against me, her arms around my waist, concealing where my hand is. My other arm around her back supporting her weight as I lean her gently against the bar. I pay for her drink as though there is nothing out of the ordinary. The bar man gives me a slightly quizzical look but I simply flash my smile at him and wink and I tell him not to worry, I'm an old friend. I don't think he believes me but, it doesn't matter. It's too late. Feeling her grind herself against my hand, I know I have won this first battle with her. She can't resist my touch but it's not quite enough. I hear her whispering: "please" in my ear as I collect my change. I grin back at her, my eyes flashing that same evil glint they had before. I look at her and tell her firmly: "Not yet, you won't cum until I let you, until you beg me," and with that, I lift her off her chair. My hand snaking inside her top and we walk towards the exit, flicking her nipple stud. She must like it as she presses up against me hard, trying to stifle a moan, but nobody in the crowded club sees.

She blushes lightly as my hand moves lower down, reaching behind her again I rest my fingers underneath her pussy. If anyone would care to look, her bum is exposed. But the club is far to crowded for anyone to notice, even her squirms on me are taken for her having just had a little too much to drink. As we reach the door I move my hand around her waist and kiss her gently, giving the bouncers something to think about. They eye me jealously. Good. I don't like the way they manhandled me anyway, just because they didn't want a single man in the club. Well I'm not alone anymore and I give them a bit of a show as we walk outside. I turn her to face them and, standing behind her, I pinch both of her nipples until they are like bullets through her top -- I don't think either of us will be allowed back in but, it was worth it to see the looks on their faces. She asks me in a pleading but irresistible voice: "why?" and I grin at her, simply answering: "Because I can" and then I kiss her again, this time more forcefully.

She melts against me, all her will to resist forgotten. She needs me now, needs to cum more than she's ever needed anything. I make sure of this before I hail a taxi for us to go back to her place and as we get in, I ask her where she lives. The taxi driver knows it, he says it's about 10 minutes. I just know she'll cum for me before we get there. As we sit down in the taxi, she tries to sit with her legs together but I have other ideas. My fingers easily find my way back to her clit, her legs instinctively spread for me and I kiss her deeply . . . 

Her Story -- The journey home 

I feel his hands snake up my inner thigh and under my skirt as he moves in towards me. His hand parts my legs and finds its way to my panty-less pussy. My eyes close as his mouth melts against mine in the back of the taxi. We kiss slowly, deeply and passionately as his fingers start to tease my hot clit. I instinctively spread my legs wide to give him better access as I kiss him back harder. 

I finally pull away from his kiss and open my eyes, my lips still tingling slightly. I see the way he looks and me and at that moment, I know I'm in for a fantastic night. He increases the pace of his fingers on my swollen clit slightly, but not enough. He certainly knows what he's doing. He grins evilly as I look at him with a deep need now filling my hot pussy. I reach out and my hand slowly finds its way to rest on the rapidly growing bulge in his pants. Oh god, I needed to feel that. I feel like my heart's skipped a beat. 

A small moan escapes my lips as he slowly slides one of his fingers inside my now incredibly wet pussy. One of my hands finds its way up my body and starts kneading my breast, giving him a show as he slowly finger fucks me. I close my eyes again just as he slides yet another finger inside me. I'm in heaven and can feel my body just melting into him, still lightly stroking his now hard cock through his pants. 

In my own little world, I feel the cool air as he pulls the material of my top away from my right breast and open my eyes to see him lowering his mouth over my nipple, his fingers still slowly pumping in and out of me. I moan loudly this time. Then something catches my eye. The taxi driver is watching us in the rear-view mirror, only one eye on the road. That pervert! I catch his eye and smile devilishly at him and let out an even louder moan as I feel those magic fingers pump into me again, displaying my swollen clit and wet pussy lips to the taxi driver, putting on a brilliant show for him. This feels so good but the dirty bastard will definatly pay for this when I get him alone!

I close my eyes again as he slips another finger into me, still sucking on my nipple, now flicking my piercing with his tongue. I need him to let me cum now. I can feel it building up in my groin and I want, no, I need release. I lean over and whisper in his ear for him to finger fuck me harder and how much I want him to make me cum. But he just releases my breast from his warm mouth, smiles at me and shakes his head. 

Finding the buttons to the front of his pants, I pull them open and slip my hand in and wrap my fingers round his deliciously hard cock, stroking slowly I plead with him again to let me cum. I watch that same evil grin play across his lips as he slowly shakes his head again. He's wanted this all along, torturing me by keeping me just on the edge of orgasm. He wants me to give in completely, to let the taxi driver know that he might be able to look, but, I'm his prize and nobody else's. God, it feels great but I need more. So, not bothering to whisper this time, I ask him: "Please! Let me cum. I need to cum for you so bad" and he only responds with one word: "Beg!" 

Feeling his thumb continue its slow dance on my clit, I can't help but moan out loud in frustration as well as pleasure. He's still slipping his fingers slowly in and out of my soaking wet pussy. I can't take it any more and I give in to him, "Oh GOD, PLEASE! Let me cum!" He smiles an evil and victorious grin and quickly leans over and kisses me hard on the mouth, His tongue intertwining with mine. His fingers start to pound me faster and his thumb is moving on my throbbing clit. It's all just too much. Overwhelmed by these sensations I let out a loud orgasmic moan against his mouth just as we pull into my driveway. Feeling it wash over me, as my whole body tenses around the sensations in my hot pussy, I moan loudly for him, my submission to him complete in his mind judging by the smug look on his face as he continues to make me ride the aftershocks as I moan around his kisses. 

He pulls his fingers out of my now spasming cunt, juices coating his fingers as he holds them to my mouth for me to hungrily suck. He pays the driver, saying cockily over his shoulder: "I hope you liked the show" and I follow him out of the cab towards my front door. He thinks he's won, I can feel his hard cock pressing against my ass through his pants as I fumble for the keys. As I turn the lock, I know everything is about to change, this is my domain and I am in control. I knew I'd end up here tonight, and I'm prepared for him!

His Story -- The ties that bind 

We finally make it to her place and she pulls me upstairs, almost forcefully now and I feel a change come over her suddenly. I feel my control rapidly slipping away as her confidence builds. She kisses me hard, dragging me all the way up the stairs. I'm pushed down into a chair and she begins slowly, seductively dancing for me. She positions my hands so she can straddle me. Then, as she's straddling me, I hear a snap as she quickly cuffs me to the chair. She had this planned! 

I fear for my predicament as she is now the one grinning evilly. She leans close enough that I can almost taste her as she whispers sexily in my ear: "You're going to pay for what you did to me." I shrink back in the chair as best I can, remembering how I teased her, never saying more then a few words, making her beg me to cum in the taxi as the driver watched, pinching her nipples for the bouncers.. Oh God, I'm in trouble! 

She moves away from me slightly, just out of reach. She hits play on the CD player and starts a very slow, very seductive dance, my cock already hard from the excitement. I'm loosing control at the prospect of this raven haired beauty dancing for my pleasure. No, not for me. To punish me. I test my bonds and can't quite reach out to grab her breasts to make her mine. She moves closer, so tantalizingly close and my cock is so hard. As she slowly pulls her top over her head, flashing those gorgeous breasts to me she asks me: "do you want these?" as she runs her fingers over them, making them so hard for me, she's almost panting as she does but she won't let me touch them.

She wants me to beg, it's not that easy though. I beckon her closer and foolishly she moves towards me. I whisper in her ear: "Of course I do, you hot little slut" with that, I bite her ear, holding her close, just enough that she can't move away without it hurting. I let my tongue flick out and quickly move to her neck, she almost falters as she leans in against me. But she's too quick for me and regains her composure.

She looks down at me, something akin to pity in her eyes, then grins evilly at me; "now who's the toy?" I'm ashamed to admit it but I'm loving this strength in her, but, I won't tell her. She continues her dance for me, making sure to stroke herself just how she knows I'll love. I watch as she leans back on her bed, her fingers gently slipping in and out of her sopping wet pussy. I can see the need on her face but I know my control is broken. If she asks again, I am hers and she can see this change on my face as I watch her stroking herself for me. Slowly sitting up, still fingering herself, she looks at me almost innocently. She draws her fingers out of herself, walking over to me, running her slick fingers over my lips. I eagerly try to suck her juices off her fingers but she quickly pulls away and tells me to ask her for what I want as she slowly seductively makes me watch as she licks all of her fingers clean, as if she's sucking on a hard cock. So, I do the only thing left to me; I plead with her to let me lick her hot pussy for her, to make her cum for me, to let me fuck her tight little waiting pussy that I know from her juice covered fingers tastes amazing!

Finally she gives up to my pleas and lays at the edge of the bed where I can lean forward in my chair. I go to work on her hot clit, flicking it with my tongue before slowly, tantalizingly, letting my tongue slip inside of her. I can see she loves every second of it as she throws her head back in pleasure, almost screaming as I feel her so close to orgasm. If I make her cum again she will be mine again and she realizes far too soon. As she manages to separate herself from my probing tongue, unwrapping her legs from around my head, I take in every last part of her I can, planting kisses as she pulls away. 

She looks down at me and smiles; "you almost had me there." I grin back up a mixture of triumph and failure on my face, knowing I've at least made her want me so much that she can't help herself. She needs to feel me, as she pulls my trousers down and off, my cock springing free. She gazes on it almost reverently. As she positions herself above me, I can feel the heat of her pussy, just a little bit more and she'll be mine again. I know she won't be able to resist me. She can see it in my eyes though and grins cheekily at me. She whispers in my ear: "You know, I don't think you want it enough... by the time I'm done with you, you'll be begging so much you'll have forgotten what it even feels like to be in control"

I know she is right, as she sinks to her knees before me. Making me watch each and every agonizingly pleasurably second as her tongue swirls around the tip of my cock, before taking me fully into her mouth, sinking down until I feel her nose pressing against me, deep throating me. I feel her throat spasm around me, almost milking me. I can't help but let out a high moan of pleasure, almost screaming there and then. As she slowly returns to the tip of my cock, teasing me, I can't help but beg. She was so right, I need her, I need to feel her pussy wrapped around me, encasing me, it's the only way I can survive this sweet torment she is forcing upon me. I need her, I need to feel her legs around me and I keep telling her so. She drives me so wild until finally, a seeming eternity later, she slowly, so slowly (oh my god, she's going to pay for this when I get free) she reaches me and kisses me fully on the mouth incredibly passionately, keeping her eyes open this once as she watches me.

Finally she thrusts herself down upon me, all the way. She's so wet and I'm so hard, unable to stop ourselves. My tongue everywhere at once on her body like a tornado, making her scream her desires, pumping in and out of her. She realizes that she has won this battle and I've given in to her completely even after trying to turn the tables... Knowing this drives her just over the edge. She starts to cum hard for me, my cock buried in her, my bonds chaffing just a little as I try so hard to wrap my arms around her. Then, I too grunt and moan in ecstasy, exploding deep inside her hot wet pussy, flooding her with my cum as she rides me hard finally then slowing down and just riding me gently...

She asks me if anything is wrong, she realizes I'm still as hard as a rock inside of her hot pussy. I simply smile at her and beckon her closer... This time, breaking the chair as I rip my handcuffs free of their binding, regaining control in one sudden movement, I press her back down to the bed... Moaning as I whisper in her ear, she just made me cum that hard and my cock is still hard for her. I'm totally in control of her again now. She realizes how quickly the tables have turned but she can't help but love this too as she slowly gives in to the pleasure. My cock starts to slide sooo gently inside of her... 

Her Story -- When Bonds are Broken 

As he slides inside of me so very slowly, making me feel every ridge of his cock, I couldn't help but let out a sigh of ecstasy. He wanted control over me. He slides his cock into me so slowly, frustratingly slowly, I wanted to grab him and pull him into me as fast and hard as I can but he held me down, pinning my arms above my head with his big strong hands. 

When he was finally all the way inside of me, filling me so completely, the weight of his body pressing down upon me with his cock buried deep inside my aching pussy, I couldn't help but let out a moan of pleasure and longing. He then, so agonizingly slowly pulled all the way out again, making sure I again felt every ridge of his cock as my pussy gripped him tight. Trying so hard to thrust back against him, to pull him back inside of me but failing. His cock only pressing my pussylips, nuzzling my clit. 

This time when he slid back into me, I instinctively try to raise my hips to meet his, wanting him inside of me so badly, trying to regain some control but to no avail. This is his time to be in control, his revenge for my teasing. I'm struggling, overcome by lust I want him to fuck me hard and I can't take it any longer. I know what he wants, and I know what I need, he wants me to beg him to fuck me but I won't give in, I can't, I still have some control. 

Still pinning my arms above my head with one hand, he uses the other to hold my hips to the bed and continue to slide slowly into me before repeating this again and again, agonizingly methodically slowly. I feel as if my pussy is on fire for him. I need him too fuck me faster than this. I need to cum for him so I do the only thing I know how to do; I beg like the bitch in heat he is making me. "Please, please, please!!! Oh god, let me cum! Please!" I beg of him to let me. I beg him to fuck me faster so I can cum all over his big hard cock. But he wants more and continues with his agonizingly slow assault on my pussy. 

I'm so wet that my juices are dripping out of me onto the bed as he continually fucks me agonizingly slowly. I plead for more; "Please let me cum for you!" And still he slides slowly in and out of me. It's like the sweetest torture. I can't control myself. I surrender totally to him and scream out for him to fuck me. Finally, he does. He pulls out of me, his cock glistening with my juices and pushes himself forcefully back into me, hard and fast, filling me all the way to the hilt. That's it for me, My legs start shaking uncontrollably and I'm moaning and screaming so loud as I cum I'm sure someone will hear but I'm beyond caring. 

My orgasm is so powerful as it rocks through me, I feel it like a wave as it floods my entire body while he continues to fuck me long and hard. As I come down from my orgasm he releases my hands and allows me to wrap my long legs around his body and help him to pound into me harder. I grab his back and dig my fingernails in as he fucks me. Harder and faster, I've never been fucked like this in my life and I love it. Once again I feel a familiar tingling building up inside me and scream out that I'm cumming as I start another fantastic orgasm. He feels the contractions in my pussy squeezing his cock and he can't take it anymore, finally exploding deep inside of me with a loud moan of release, holding his cock in deep as we cum together. Finally collapsing onto each other, still impaled on his hard cock. 
