 Hello, my name is Timothy Cunningham. I'm gonna share the most impacting event of my life; so that those who read this out there can perhaps be more true to their feelings and not miss their chance at true happiness... 

*****

You could say I had a pretty normal life growing up. I had a good family, a nice neighborhood, and a social group that I fit into very comfortably. But, the most important person in that group was my best friend Lisa Parker. 

Lisa is one of those people that you rarely meet. She has a personality that just endears you to her from the moment she says her first "hello". But don't get me wrong. She also has a sassy side to her. She can be a real smartass at times. 

We've known each other since we were four (I'm slightly older than her by about a month). So naturally, we made little nicknames for each other. I would always call her Lis; pronounced like lease. She would call me Tim. 

We did pretty much everything together growing up; played video games, watched TV, studied together, and even got in trouble together at school. It was pretty much one of those friendships that whenever the principal called one of our parents because we got in too much trouble, our parents knew that the other was also in trouble; even something as silly as that only strengthened our bond. 

Growing up, we had such an incredible friendship, that nothing; petty or tremendous alike could separate us. We spent more time with each other than we did with any other person. A friend like Lisa only comes by once in a lifetime.

Our friendship, like all friendships, has had some rocky times were we might have gone too far, but there has never been a time when I thought that we couldn't be friends anymore because of it.

****************************************

High school was a pretty normal experience for the both of us. We were both 19 at graduation. I know, I know; a year too late. I was going to be held back in my junior year, and she was so loyal to me, that she purposefully got herself held back also; so we could graduate at the same time. She was absent the right amount of days to be held back. 

Being held back also meant that she would get kicked off of the volleyball team that she had been with since we started going there in freshman year. I begged her not to, but she insisted. She got the scolding of a lifetime from her parents. But it was already done. I remember asking her why she wanted to graduate with me so badly; why she would purposefully get into so much trouble for me. 

She just simply said, "Because I love you."

My heart skipped a beat when she said this. I had heard her say it to me so many times in the past and I would say it to her as well. We always meant it like friends did. But when she said it this time, it seemed to have a different meaning than all the other times. 

"I love you too, Lis," I replied.

Now, there is one detail about her that I should make note of before you might say we're the "perfect pair" for each other...

Lisa is a lesbian. 

She came out to me and both of our families first when we were all together for dinner one night; a little after graduation. To the others, it seemed like a minimal shock, but to me, it felt like a bullet went straight through my heart. 

I realized that the bond between us, as strong as it was; we couldn't really be an item because of how weird it would probably be. But somehow with that fact in my head, it still devastated me. I didn't know at the time why I was so sad about it.

Her family as well as mine took it very well. We all seemed to have the "we still love you the same" tone about it. She seemed grateful that we all accepted her orientation. We toasted her coming out as well as our graduation with a "cheers for the future", raising our glasses. 

I sat my glass down on the table and just looked at it for the longest time; thinking. I couldn't make sense of my feelings at that moment. Then I looked over at her and she looked directly into my eyes. She had the most sincere look: not happy, not angry. 

I didn't think it really hit me until right then and there, that she was serious. I had NO shot with her. I had nothing to offer her in her love life. But the most stunning revelation that night was the reason that I was thinking those things: I WAS IN LOVE WITH HER!!

I didn't know what to do with myself. For the first time in my life, I felt truly alone. I always went to Lisa when I had a problem I couldn't fix that was too personal for even my parents, but I could never approach her with this one because the problem WAS about her and her orientation. But, I didn't hate her for it or anything. 

I just sat there for what seemed like forever and pondered our future together, given my new-found feelings for her...

What is there to say when guy falls in love with his lesbian-best friend? 

Should I tell her anyway, given that I probably already know the turnout?

Should I stop hanging out with her so much for fear of what I might say to her eventually?

Or should I just lock that part away and just be the friend that she grew up with?

I chose the only logical one...

"So what do you want to do tomorrow, Lisa?" I asked; mustering up a smile. 

****************************************

Three years later; and now we were going to the same college; which was about 2 hours away from our hometown. We live in an apartment together just off the campus, figuring it was easier on both of our wallets if we share rent rather than dorms that cost a fortune. We always kept the apartment tidy. We cook, clean and all the other normal things. We also study up together on the one or two classes that we try to share each semester. 

It's really no different than any other dual-living situation. When we first moved in together, I thought it was going to be weird but it turned out to be pretty much the same as whenever we were at each other's houses during our childhood. Mind you that we kept our utmost privacy when it came to certain things, but it really didn't feel that much different. After only a little while, we both seem to be 100% comfortable with our new living situation.

Over the past couple of years since she came out, she made mention just almost every time we hung out how disgusting and unsexy ALL men are. She would point out a man and a woman holding hands and say something like, 

"Look at that guy. He's holding her hand with one hand and scratching his ass with the other. What a PIG! I'm so glad I'm a lesbian. You're just about the only guy I can tolerate for more than five minute's Tim!" 

I just laughed at her. 

"Oh, you're so naïve Lis. We do have a tendency to do these nasty things, but we also make sure that the woman in our life is the happiest woman on Earth. At least, that's what I would do for my girl."

Her smile changed into a look that I've only seen a few times on her. She just looked at me with a gaping smile, if you could imagine what that would look like. It was as if I just said the nicest thing to her. 

Then after a few seconds, her smartassy smirk came back. 

"Yeah, if you had one Tim, hehe."

She always knew the perfect thing to say to fuck with me. It was always harmless though. Neither of us was seeing anybody at that moment. We both had our share of steady relationships. But, there was nothing incredibly serious in either of our individual relationships that we've had over the years.

"Actually, I do have a woman in my life. She just bats for the home team; so to speak," I said laughing back at her.

She playfully slapped my shoulder and laughed along with me. She wrapped her arms around one of mine as we walked to where we were going that day. 

"You're lucky you're my best friend and I love you so much, Tim. Honestly, I think if I weren't really a lesbian, I'd embarrass you right here in public after a little comment like that."

I snapped my head over to look at her. 

"What the hell is that supposed to mean, Lis!?" I asked with a little worry in my voice.

"I guess you'll never know; will you Tim?" she answered, giggling and teasing me.

****************************************

From the moment I knew I was in love with her up until now, I've hidden my true feelings pretty well; or rather I believe I have. I tried not to say things out of character and stayed the friend she knew already. I thought it would be for the best.

Over the years, I think the one thing that has really changed at all about her is how comfortable she was about the minimal amount of clothing she wore at times around me. When we were younger, we've had a few nights were we would stay over for the night, but we always wore pajamas and other less-revealing clothes. 

Lately, she would be wearing very little around the house. I wasn't complaining though. Far from it, she has a killer body. I remember the boner I had to hide when I saw her in her pink bra and panties; asking me if it looked okay.

"I just bought these and I think they might be a little tight. I don't want to spill out of these when I go out tonight," she said.

She twirled around and presented her gorgeous body to me like it wasn't anything special. After picking my jaw off the floor, I managed to make a couple of sentences.

"They look gr...great, Lis. Very nice," I fumbled with my words.

"Awesome, I knew I could trust you to help me. And maybe next time, don't sound too much like Tony the Tiger when you give complements. Hehe."

She swung her arms around me and embraced me like she wasn't wearing just underwear. My boner was a hard as a rock at that point. When she retracted herself from my hold, she just smiled at me, not acknowledging it at all. I was almost certain she felt it.

"Thanks, Tim. I'm gonna get ready and head out. Goodnight."

"Goodnight, Lis," I managed to spit out.

She turned around, showing me her panty-covered ass and left.

"She really doesn't mind me looking at her, does she?" I thought to myself.

Things like that would just happen more and more often. She would just come into my room wearing just a bra and panties, or she would watch tv with me in just an oversized shirt.

She was unintentionally teasing me with her body constantly, and I found myself needing more and more to masturbate whenever I saw her gorgeous body. Needless to say, I was doing it a lot, thinking of her. Sure, I felt a little guilty but come on...

***************************************

One day a few months later, I was heading to my apartment after my classes and a late shift at the construction site I worked at. I parked my car next to Lisa's and headed inside. I was so dirty and covered in dirt and other stuff that I had to take a shower immediately. I sat my keys down and looked around for Lisa.

"I'm home, Lis you here?"

I walked down the hallway and saw that her bedroom door was closed and the lights were all off. I figured she probably was taking a nap. So I went to my room and stripped in a matter of seconds. I grabbed my towel and wrapped it around my waist. 

I opened the bathroom door and was just about to get in the shower when a striking figure stood between the shower and me. It was Lisa. I stood frozen in place as she turned around wearing nothing but her towel around her as well. 

"Hey Tim, long day?" she asked brushing her beautiful blonde hair; pretending like she was oblivious to the situation.

I spoke fast and nervously, "Y...Yeah. Sorry, I thought you were taking a nap or something. I wanted to take a quick shower. I'm covered in all this nasty shit from work again. Should I wait and come back after you're done? I mean, you were here first. I'll just sit in the kitchen until you're done Lis."

I turned to go, but just before I could shut the door all the way, she called to me.

"Wait!! You could...ummmmmm...come in with me. It shouldn't be bad, right? I mean, it'll be just like when we were kids taking baths together, haha." 

I thought I could hear a little bit of shakiness in her voice, like mine. I pondered for a moment, not knowing how to approach this situation.

"Yeah, well I guess that could work out. But, I thought you said guys were disgusting. " I muttered through the partially open door jokingly. 

I heard her giggle.

"They are Tim, but you're my best friend and I think I can handle a little dirt past my feet with you. Besides... you're different."

"Yeah, you say that a lot but I never know how I'm so different," I fired back.

There was a moment's pause. She didn't giggle this time.

"Jesus H Christ Tim, we're not strangers or anything! Just get the fuck in here already!" she exclaimed in a loud but still humorous voice. 

She rarely cursed but I always got a kick out of it whenever she did. So I just opened the door and went back in. She immediately faced me. 

"ROWR, Lis!! " I laughed.

She puckered her lips in a tiny circle and beamed a squint at me in the most hilariously-faked angry look before she spoke again.

"That's right Tim, you never anger the lioness."

She took her hand and made it into a claw and swatted in my direction playfully. We laughed at each other. The tension seemed less.

"Okay, I'm all done brushing my hair. Guess I'll head in," she said calmly.

"Alright, guess I will too."

"Well that would require you to take the towel off genius," she mocked.

The tension was BACK!!

"Right...right, almost forget," I replied nervously.

It's certainly easier said than done; getting naked in front of your best friend. Let alone the girl that you're secretly head-over-heals for. 

I stood there shaking, trying to get the towel off of my body without showing signs of excitement.

Luckily though; she broke the long moment by beginning to remove her towel. She undid the knot that was made below her shoulder and slowly opened her towel. As every square inch of her body came into view, I couldn't help but notice how athletic her body had stayed from all those years in volleyball.

She let the towel drop behind her; baring her grown, naked body to me for the first time. There was little hesitation in her movements. It seemed like she had no trouble showing herself to me. I paused for a brief moment to burn the image into my brain. But, I quickly followed her action before it got awkward.

I'm no stud or anything. I try to keep in shape though. I'm 6'3", short brown Hair, brown eyes, 180lbs, and have a semi-athletic body (abs and shoulders are defined, but not a steroid freak). My penis is no porn-star 10-incher; but I know that it's 7 and a half inches and good enough to me and apparently, the few girls I've been with in my life. 

Lisa on the other hand, was a knockout if I ever saw one. I mean, we all have our flaws but with Lisa, she hid them well. 

I never thought of Lisa in a truly sexual way until I got a good look at her naked body. I knew I loved her deep down with everything in me, but I never lusted after her like I was beginning to. She is about 5'8", long wavy blonde hair, beautiful soft and cream colored skin, blue eyes, a toned and flat stomach, an unbelievable waist, a neatly trimmed vagina with only a strip in the middle, and from the looks of it, at least 36D teardrop breasts.

She definitely had my full attention. I noticed her eyes following mine on her body as an amused smile came across her face. She looked up into my eyes and raised her eyebrows at me and I just wondered what she was thinking.

Her eyes also began to wonder more as I began to feel my penis harden from the whole experience. I knew I would have to get in quickly to avoid awkwardness. Not to say that it already felt a little bit like that already. The blood was rushing to my dick at a quick rate.

"Okay, ready to go now big boy?" she asked; snapping me out of my daze.

Had she noticed? I quickly covered my dick with embarrassment. But then I noticed that her nipples began to harden. So I fired back.

"Yeah yeah, I'm ready. Jeez, getting a little cold are we?" I replied.

She looked down and with crimson cheeks; she covered her breasts with her draped arm.

"I'm sorry; I'm just playing with you, Lis. I didn't mean to make fun of you. They look amazing."

Not realizing what I said until after I said it, I was mentally slapping myself. But it was already said. She arched an eyebrow at me. She looked back down at my penis that was continuing to harden. She looked back up at me and slowly, she lowered her hands back to her sides.

"I'm glad you think so. But I really think they're too big. What do you think Tim?"

I paused. She actually wanted to know what I thought of her breasts. She held them up with both hands. It was getting really tough to hide my hardness at this point. Any more mental stimulation and I would've probably passed out.

"They're absolutely perfect Lis. They're perky, perfectly shaped, and from what I can tell; responsive too," I said before winking at her.

She must have really appreciated my comment as she scraped her teeth against her bottom lip seductively. Topped with her hands basically fondling her breasts, it looked like a Penthouse shot.

"Well I guess that makes two of us that have a very 'responsive' body part," she giggled as she continued manipulating her breasts.

"I'm sorry Lis," I said.

"It's okay. Harmless teasing, right? Anyways, ready?" she asked.

"Yeah, you first babe," I said smiling.

She spun around and I got an eyeful of the most gorgeous ass I've ever seen. She swayed her hips as she turned her eyes to me and smiled.

"Perv, trying to see my ass too?" she said over her shoulder.

She stepped into the shower and quickly shut the curtains behind her; in a teasing manner. I quickly followed the wonderful ass that was attached to my friend like raw meat to a hungry wolf.

When my eyes met her body again, she bent over slightly and turned the nozzle and the water cascaded down on her body. Her gorgeous body being hit by the waters was something I could watch every day of my life.

She began soaping up her body and I just watched as she paid special attention to every part of herself with no reserve. She looked like she was in her own little world. We managed to make small talk but I mainly mumbled responses while she soaped her body up. 

She turned around to hand me the soap when she gasped and took a step backwards, looking towards my lower body. I looked down to see what she was looking at, and that's when I realized: 

I was at full-mast and my cock was pointing straight at her.

"Oh god; Lisa I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to...well...my penis just got really hard. It's not you...I mean it WAS you...ugh...I'm sorry." I used my hands to cover my hard cock as quickly as I could.

She looked at me sideways like a questioning dog would. She smiled at me while I fumbled with my words. I kept stuttering at her.

"It's ok Tim. It's a very natural thing when your penis gets really hard around a naked woman," she said sarcastically.

"Gee, thanks MOM!" I replied as she started laughing.

"You're welcome Tim, haha. It wouldn't be the first boner you've had because of me anyway, would it?"

I was shocked a tad by her comment, but also I was more or less expecting it.

I just nodded in agreement.

"Thought so," she simply stated with a smirk.

She winked at me and took a step back towards me to give me the soap. She turned around to show me her bare back, which she pointed to. She spoke in a low voice. 

"Do you mind helping me really quick? I can't reach my back entirely and since you're here, I don't have to use my shower brush. It's better with hands anyway."

She looked over her shoulder and smiled at me like she was thinking something. Really quickly, I soaped my body to get the dirt off of me before I started soaping her back. I stepped forward to get under the water and rinsed off. 
