 I've got to hand it to her--Staci really knew what she was doing that one night after work. But I'm getting ahead of myself--let me start over.

Staci was one of my fellow coworkers at one of the local restaurants here in town. She and I had always flirted, swatted each other on the behind, et cetera. Basically, we just expressed a little interest, but since I had a girlfriend and she had a boyfriend, nothing was really ever formed between us--until just after her 18th birthday. Staci's birthday was only a few months after MY 18th birthday, and coincidentally fell about a week before my graduation. I'd been joking about what she was going to do for my "graduation present", but I didn't actually expect anything serious.

So one night after work, she tells me she needs a ride home. No problem, I'm thinking. After I finish my sidework, we stroll out behind the building to my car. I couldn't help but stare at that fine behind as I let her fall into step a little ahead of me. Staci and I had been flirting pretty heavily tonight, and watching that shapely little ass go back and forth, back and forth was giving me a hard-on like you would not believe. Now, looking back, I think she meant for that to happen...

I unlocked her door first ("You're such a gentleman," she giggled), then went around to my door. As I went to put the key in the ignition, she put her hand on mine. I look at her, and saw something in her eyes I hadn't seen before. "Stop," she said. "I want to give you your 'graduation present' before we go." She grinned an impish little grin, and I said, "What about my girlfriend...and Rob, your boyfriend?" She just shook her head. "Neither of them ever has to know," she whispered, as her right hand untied the work apron I still wore and reached over to stroke me through my pants.

Obviously I reacted, because she laughed a little. "Looks like someone got a little excited tonight..." she said, staring me straight in the eyes. I could tell she wanted to do something...but what? Clearly I was about to get my answer; while I was turning over the possibilities in my head, Staci was unbuttoning and unzipping the slacks of my work uniform. The button of my cotton boxers was next, and within seconds my rock-hard cock was in her slightly cool, smooth hand. She stroked it gently, admiring the seven inches of its length. "It's bigger than Rob's," she whispered. "If we were single...God, how I'd want that in me..." But it didn't seem to stop her hand from stroking up and down. In fact, she seemed to just stroke a little faster.

She leaned up towards my cheek and kissed me. "Just sit back and let me take care of everything," she whispered with a grin, and began to jerk me off in earnest. I groaned with each stroke of her smooth hand over my cock, as she brought me closer and closer to the final point. I could feel the come boiling...then she stopped, stroking slowly, painstakingly slow. She clearly wasn't going to let me get off just yet. I panted slightly, my breath getting quick by now, then Staci started stroking again.

I just sat back, feeling the muscles in my body tense and release, tense and release. Every inch of my body screamed for an orgasm. My climax had to come soon, or I was going to explode soon. I groaned as she brought me so close to the edge again, then stopped. "Staci," I groaned, "just go on and make me come..." She grinned. "Your wish is my command..." Then she started stroking even faster than before. In no time at all, I could feel myself tensing, the come again getting ready to shoot off.

I wasn't prepared for how hard I was going to come. I shot my load in what can only be described as a sticky white volcano. I groaned, long and low, and Staci looked down, grinning with pride at what she'd done. Her hand still stroked slowly up and down my cock, saturating her hand and my shaft in slippery come. I was still coming, and some of it was shooting as far as her wrist and forearm.

Then, she did what I'll never forget: she really cleaned up. I've never seen a girl swallow so much come at one time. First Staci leaned over. While she didn't give me a blowjob (she later said it "would've been cheating on Rob", which didn't make a heckuva lot of sense to me...then again, I'm not Staci), she did manage to take all seven inches of my shaft into her mouth, where she proceeded to suck every single drop of come off of my cock, as well as coaxing a few more out of the head. Then, while I sat there and watched her, she licked every drop of come off of her hand and arm. She even grinned while she did it! Finally, she zipped my pants shut for me, buttoned it back up, and said, "Guess you can drive me home now..."

I smiled until I went to sleep that night, needless to say. Like I said--I've really got to hand it to Staci. I'd never had a handjob like that before, and haven't had one since. But she just called to tell me she needs a ride home from work tomorrow...