 So, as you might have figured from Prequel: I, Titman, I had a little fight with my gal. She was on fire in bed as I nailed her the best I ever had, telling me "I'll give you anything you want" when in fact she was sticking her ass up and wanting me to ream it good. Well, at this time I was only 21 and I was getting laid all I want... Why go dry in the ass? (I was younger then)

So, instead of telling her what she wanted to hear, I told her what I actually wanted and pissed her off. See my previous story for the gory details. Anyway, I leave her house and take the 15 minute walk back to my dormitories. I was planning on hanging with my 'mates and getting to work on my studies. Really... That was what I meant to do.

So when I get to my dorm, I see 3 messages to call Kathy. So I call her back. Apparently I had a choice to make: Go back to hang with her or she'll break up with me. I been with enough gals to know that phone break ups are mostly bullshit threats. Never give in. I am not crawling back due to some inability of mine to read her mind. I am still unsure what her beef is. I tell her to sleep on it and call me in a few days when she's calmed down. She tells me to fuck off and hangs up.

Now, I figure that I'll talk to her after she's calmed down and all will be well. I'd talk to her after my noon class (when I'd normally meet her for an outdoor blowjob) on Friday and she'd calm down. I’d just be reasonable and all, you know? So I get to my studies.

Well, all the guys in the dorm are figuring out what's up. Remember, dorms had public pay phones in the halls in the 1980s, so all my arguments and (attempted) reasoning with Kathy become public knowledge. And I am really a bit shook up about this. All I did was give her good lovin, and she offerred me "Anything I want". I was just stupid enough to not respond to that according to her wishes. But if she really broke up with me, I'd lose a good and not get my cock sucked on demand anymore. 

The bottom line, tho, is that we have a 6 to 1 guys to gal ratio at school so she has me in a corner.

Luckily, one of my buddies down the hall asks me if I want to go to Spanky’s. It's a Meet Market kind of place with 50 cent drinks on Thursdays. I am too distracted to think about my lab work anyway, so I take him up on it. He's got the car...

So me and 3 other guys go to Spanky’s. I have $7 total, but it is 50 cent night and I have weed. In other words, I am rich. Let me describe my crowd. Jay has a girl back home. One prime reason we go out and rock together so well is I got a girl and so does he. We keep each other in line. Mike is the driver. He's paralyzed from waist down, and drives an accessible van. Great parking. Mike is seriously cool. Seems that no cop would dare pull him over, even if he is pissing out the door thru a tube while driving. Andy is the "actual" stud of the group. He's single and a good guy. Girls dig him. Of course, I have a steady, so he thinks I am the man. Go figure.

On the ride, we smoke up good. Jay ribs me about the "breakup" and I explain that I am figuring she's just psycho for unknown duration and we will get back to lovey dovey sometime soon. So I am gonna get shitfaced and sleep on it for a day or 2. Even Jay figures that is the case and he goes on about what a good couple we are... Blah blah blah. Good friends supporting good habits.

We show up at like 8:30. During this time it is me and the guys, maybe 20 guys and 4 girls from our dorm, plus the local crowd which thankfully enough had plenty of guys and girls. Compared to school, even pickings is a great thing.

By 10 PM I am lit up and the crowd is beginning to get good. But also, by 10 I am being a bit smooth. Most of the girls at the dorms know that Kathy and I are a good couple from our "sex noises". I used to get a good ribbing from Kathy's neighbors after I left her shagged rotten at her old dorm room so I could get back to my books. Some of them actually know us pretty well. 

I was brushing off MANY nice gals from campus with the "yes, it's not really a breakup. Kathy is just being immature about something. I am giving her breathing room". I am sure some were "testing me", as all popular gals have a network of spies rivaling that of the Kremlin. But it was fun testing. Girls from my dorm were all over me. Other gals were stopping by. Guys were giving me shit. I was kind of freaking and kind of in heaven.

Finally, one nice chick I worked with started getting too "up close". I think she wanted a pink injection. But regardless of past days events, I had a girlfriend, or so I told myself. I said, "I got a fucking girlfriend, even if she don't know it" and I got real pissed all the sudden. I mean I was seeing red. I wasn't mad at the beauty who was getting too close, but I don’t know who I was mad at. I grabbed Mike and we went out to catch a buzz. We caught a big fat one.

So I come back in wasted and smiling. I settled into a lone seat at the bar next to 2 pretty gals, and they gave me an odd look and went to the dance floor. So I picked up 2 whiskey sours and sat down alone to nurse my grief. A couple friends of Kathy bop over and start talking to me at the bar. They take the seats that the 2 girls on the dance floor had. I know as well as the next guy that bar seating is on a "u snooze u lose" program, but I didn't want Kathy's friends sitting with me. I just didn't want to hear any of this stupid drama. And those 2 pretty ladies were coming back from the dance floor. I tell Kathy's friends to get up for the other ladies. One get's indignant and the other gets up nicely. The one still sitting says something like "getting a little bimbo action, Dave?" and I freak. I tell her to "get the fuck out of this ladies seat."

Then I really get stuff going. I say something like "maybe I'll try to get both these gals in bed cause I am pissed and have nothing to lose. Remember, Kathy broke up with ME by phone and I still don't really know why". Kathy's friends leave and these 2 beauties sit down and start talking to me. Andie was around 5'10" (my height), with a LOT of blonde hair and a seriously hot build. She had a nice full rack on her and was dressed slinky but not slutty. She was wearing a skirt with a checkerred pattern that made a contour map on her ass and it accentuated her curves. I don't even know what color blouse she was wearing, but I can tell you it was shaped like 2 big boobs stretching out terrycloth to the limit. I figured these gals for 25 or 26. Tammy was dressed all in business smart grey in a cool jacket and an extremely short not quite as businesslike skirt. Tammy was a teeny tiny gal, less than 5' and built like a thick budding teen at maybe 90 pounds... Hot.

We start talking about this and that. Bullchat went on for a little, then Salt n Peppa's "Push it" came on the Sound System. Tammy said, "I thought you were trying to get us both in bed?" 

I said, "I said that to piss somebody off. That’s all. I am just trying to not worrying about my girl troubles."

Andie grabbed my hand and pulled me out to the dance floor.

One thing is certain. I am a bad dancer. I try, and in some ways that is enough for some girls. But again, on this night, I was the man. I had what may have been the best looking pair of gals on the dance floor, and they were grooving to my retarded beat. At least I knew the song by heart, which helped me a bit. The gals make a Dave sandwich, with Tammy in front and Andie in rear. So I got braless terrycloth covered nipples running over my back and occasionally popping over my shoulder (sigh) and a teeny gal rubbing her bod all over my front. And she's tiny, so she got a pretty good idea I was enjoying it, if you get my drift. I was starting to get a thick dick now, and with how tiny Tammy is she was lightly brushing those tits level with my rising cockhead.

Then the music switches to "Pump up the Volume" by MARS and Andie does just that. During the initial buildup of the song, she is making those boobies really look great as she dances. She has an alluring smile and I swear she wants me. But I was NOT looking for girls, I was forgetting a specific girl tonite. I was constantly rearranging my chubbie while dancing, as it was slapping a beat on my thigh. All I know is if I got a real boner I would have to leave the dance floor.

Tammy is indeed the slinkiest while dancing. Actually, she's got a respectable pair of tits on her to, but the whole teeny, sexy package was overwhelming. You can tell that she is sort of stuffed in that business jacket, so she may be a bit thick. Since I don't want to do anything stupid, and big boobs drive me wild, I begin to concentrate on dancing with Tammy. Some songs come on that I just don't know. I struggle thru 1 or 2 before excusing myself to hit the men's room then going back to the bar. The girls said they needed to freshen up too and they did the same.

So I exit the bathroom and Jay looks at me like I am a god. I give him the basic story and ask if he wants to stop by and bullshit with the girls with me. He tells me that I am crazy to offer him that chance. He said that I should NOT CHANGE ANYTHING.

Fair enough. I go back to the bar. Andie and Tammy just managed to get a pair of seats that 2 guys kindly offered them. Tammy now has her jacket off, and looks damn fine. I MEAN DAMN FINE. I thought the jacket was packing in a fairly thick body overall, but actually, the jacket basically bundled up her tits so their glory was not evident. The jacket had been really compressing her boobs. No wonder they didn’t shake as much as Andie’s. They were just more highly restrained. I show up, stand directly between these gals, squeezed between the stools and the bar, facing the away from the bar. The gals hang on my word, and the guys who gave up their seat look at me like I am the biggest damn jerk ever to set forth in this bar. But they leave... Whew.

So.. Here I am standing between 2 hot babes on adjacent barstools such that I am squeezed in between them and my thighs HAVE to contact each of them during normal conversation. I feel like I am on a drug, it's so cool. Tammy begins to feel up my thigh and I am conflicted. 

Sure, to all you readers here, if I am conflicted, I am an idiot. But I was raised on a "1 woman per man" basis. And not only that, I was raised on dating as a precedent to finding "the right" girl. I was not raised to find "the night's" girl.

And I tell them "Look. I don't want to be a dick and lead y'all on or anything. I am really loving tonite, but in the end I am just on a break from a girlfriend gone whacky. She just broke up with me outta nowhere after giving me a ridiculous ultimatum. I intend to get back to her in a few days when she calms down. I HOPE to get squared up with her tomorrow"

Tammy looks a little disappointed, but Andie doesn't. She just asks what happened. I tell her it's fairly long and personal. She looks a little disappointed and I tell her that Kathy broke up with me after the hottest sex we ever had and she never told me why, though I have my suspicions. Both the girls perked up when I mentioned "hottest sex ever" and asked me if I want to get it off of my chest.

So I give them the abbreviated version of what happened. But it still takes like 15-30 minutes with the girls interrupting occasionally to ask a question or two. When it finally comes down to the end, I noticed Andie has her hand WRAPPED around my chubbie, which was semi hidden within the front pleat of my dress slacks. Tammy seemed pissed. She walked out with a gruff “See you guys around” and no explanation.

WTF? Hell I wanted both like wildfire but hadn't PLANNED on having either. And if this break up did last, I'd like to give Tammy a call. So I ran thru the bar and searched the parking lot. I didn't realize at the time that I ditched Andie and left her sitting at the bar with a 2" diameter grip of air in her hand.

I ran. The bar was in an outdoor mall area. So I pound the pavement looking for Tammy. I saw a light on in a florist shop and look in. It is way past real business hours, so I was not surprised that I see her in there. I try to open the door but it was locked. She walks over calmly and opens the door. She asks "What are you doing here?" And I told her that I just was tired of girls walking away from me today and me not understanding. She laughed and told me she was giving Andie her time and decided to do a little work since she didn't want to watch Andie stroke me and get jealous.

I told her again, “I AM NOT LOOKING FOR A GAL TONITE. It was just an awesome coincidence that the gals who I bumped into and enjoyed talking with the most were hotter than fire. And there are 2 of you. If you’d have been cool ugly chicks that’d been fine too.”

She sorta froze. I said, “C'mon, let's go back to the bar and chill. It's only 11.” 

She said she was amazed that I am still putting up this front. 

I said, “If a gal I spent over a year with breaks off with me for something stupid, that doesn't drive me to fuck around. I am playing this like a bad fight and not a breakup. Me n Kathy got too much time invested in being together for me to break fidelity when I can wait 1-2 days for this drama to blow over.” 

Then she starts talkin up close to me. She said, “I saw how all those girls were all over you earlier.” 

(Hmm. This whole thing was not luck. They were watching me). 

I told her that was nothing. I was like "one of the girls" in the dorms because Kathy used to live in the dorms. They were all getting "the story", and a very minimal story at that. It was like gossiping with friends, not scoring babes. The girls were mostly were consoling me and wishing me well. I gave them NONE of the freakier details, though. 

She said, “Regardless of all that, you looked like you handled all the girls with style and you turned me on right then.”

Now, I am 5'10" and at that time 155 lbs. Skinny, but fit. Not gross skinny, but there were ribs to count. But I am basically OK looking. But chicks never dig me right off hand. They usually want to do me after they get to know me… This was weird to me.

She said “It's nice that you don't fuck around but I am so turned on right now I'd gladly blow you no questions asked.”

I asked, “Is there any chance a boss or someone would walk in?”

She said, “Not likely with my staff.” So this was HER store. Interesting.

So, I am drunk, and as usual stupid enough to say just one thing too many. I say "So you're offering me a no obligation blowjob that I obviously want from a girl I like hanging with after a clean no questions asked breakup from a girl I know will have me back by Monday?”

But I said it as I unzipped my fly, worked my undies aside and pulled it out as she giggled. She knelt down. I said, “If it weren't for that huge display window making us obvious to anyone outside, I'd tear your top off and really make this fun.”

OK that freaked her out a bit. She jumped up and pulled me 8 ft over to another less obvious spot in the store and pulled off her top. Wow talk about a sweet little bod. She pulled down my pants and started to work my knob with a fervor. She didn’t give great head, but she worked at it and was eager. She liked to do it even tho she was a “most of the dick outside the mouth” kind of girl. Hey, at least the blowjobs on the end of your cock are the most visibly sexy. I told her I want to take my pants off so I could confortably stroke her mouth. Her answer was to grab my ass and dive down and suck on a nut. Ok. This was getting better.

I told her if she keeps that up I am gonna come soon. So she went back to the head sucking and licking style. I told her how sexy she looked and how beautiful her body is and so on. She kept a phenomenal pace for a long time. I was not a creative trash talker, but I was encouraging her when she did something extra good and she’d back off sexily. Regardless she took a little break as we took of my pants. She said her mouth was tired and I shoulda come by now. She had a sparkle in her eyes.

I told her now I wanna stradle her chest and fuck the hell out of her boobies, but all we had was sweat and spit, so that didn’t last long. It got humourous humping her titties till dry, since my cock didn’t fit in there and it required a tight grip to grab as much cock as I could with her tits. It wasn’t as sexy as it could have been. We got water, but that was a bummer after 1 minute. I’d have given my left nut for a can of PAM vegetable cooking spray right then.

So what’s a guy to do but start sucking on titties and building up his saliva reserves. We went on for 5 minutes of tit sucking , 2 minutes of tit fucking and 5-10 minutes of dick sucking in cycle a couple times (no shit. We were in there for like an hour) and we heard a knock at the door. She mumbled fuck it we’re closed, and she said I better come soon or she’ll pass out exhausted.

I started out by grabbing her hair and forcing a bit more down than she’d taken yet so far. She gagged a bit but I pulled her hair back a bit to open her throat and got a bit more in there.

She groaned as I started to ream her mouth out at a steady but slow clip. I got a slow outstroke such that she’d do a sort of swirly around my head on the pull out with such suction force, it was like she was fighting her best to keep it in her mouth. Then I’d change my resistance and let it slide right down. Holy shit this was getting good and my knees were weak. She was taking in almost half my cock and it was great. I don’t know how long we were at it, but I sorta lost my legs and fell to my knees, popping out of her mouth and cumming a small glob on her neck and tits. All that action and that little bit came out. Man, was I spunked out.

She just moved up to me and sorta hugged on me where I kneeled. It was kinda nice. I was not moving ANYWHERE… We chatted a bit. It was like 12:30 so we figure clean up and do last call.

So outside the door was Andie.

She is the one who knocked.

To be Continued.