 Tuesday. 

The script writers deliver the draft of half of the movie. Penny and I will read it tonight and probably fuck our brains out afterward. 

Karen comes in and talks with both Penny and I. I ask her what she thought of Eve's audition. She says she's intrigued but doesn't want to do the anal. She asks Penny if she did the anal and Penny tells her about training her asshole for it. Penny tells her that she will do the anal audition with me tomorrow but I've already taken her anal virginity. Karen is shocked. Karen asks to watch that audition on the TV. Penny looks at me and I tell Penny it's her decision. Penny says, "Okay. You can watch my lover take my ass."

I work on Eve's audition tape with Penny helping me. I'm thinking I'll let Penny edit the next one and I'll look over her shoulder.

Bruce Lawton arrives for his 2pm audition. He's white, 6' 2", 200 lbs with brown hair. We start to go through the interview and I ask Bruce to undress. Bruce slowly removes his clothes. When he pulls his underwear down, he reveals a huge penis. "How long is that thing, Bruce?"

Bruce smiles and says "Right now, nine inches. When it's hard, twelve inches."

Penny says "Oh no. I'm not fucking that. I don't want to be stretched out so you can't make love to me, Brad!"

"Okay. Listen Bruce, I've got a couple of ladies I have interviewed that may want to try that monster. I'll give you a call when we've found someone. You don't have any issue with fucking a black woman, do you?"

Bruce smiles and says "No, no problem at all."

Penny says "Are you thinking of Eve?"

"Eve or Jules. I'll give Eve a call and find out if she's okay with fucking Bruce."

We finish the verbal interview with Bruce and he dresses and leaves. I grab Penny and French kiss her. I then hold her to me. "I'm glad you decided not to fuck him. I want you just the way you are now."

"Brad, I've been thinking. I don't want to fuck anyone else but you. Let's see if someone else would mind being the female tester. I'll still be the lesbian scene tester though. I'm really enjoying the pussy eating. I just don't want anyone else's penis in me but yours."

I give her a big smile. I've been thinking the same thing. "Okay, honey. That's a good idea."

I give Eve a call and ask her if she wants a part-time job. She asks me what I mean so I explain it to her. She's thrilled. I tell her about Bruce. She can't wait to try him out. I'm really surprised. I ask her if she can come by this afternoon and sign a contract. She says she'll be here as soon as possible.

After I sign her to a contract, I ask if she can be here at 10am on Thursday to test Bruce. She agrees and tells me she can't wait.

I call Bruce and he agrees to be here to make his audition tape on Thursday at 10am.

At 4pm, I grab Penny's hand and kiss her. "Let's go take a shower and then I'm going to take you out for supper. Then I'm going to take you home and make love to you all night, or as long as I can anyway." 

She smiles at me, "Make love, huh?"

"Yeah, make love. You got a problem with that, hot stuff?"

"Nope. No problem at all, hot stuff." She giggles.

At home, we undress and get in the shower together. We wash each other and before we are done, I'm rock hard again. This woman is awesome. I'm starting to wish there was someone else to test the women. I don't really want anyone but her anymore. However, I realize that I have to do what I've been doing. Every time she touches my penis, a thrill runs through me. I love her touch. I guess I am in love with her. I'm worried how quickly we both fell in love with each other. 

The script is great. Penny and I read it together and then have awesome sex. I ask her if she'd like to star in this movie with me. She's thrilled. She says it will be like having our love affair on film. I agree that it's a lot like our real life although I still haven't told her how rich I am yet. She knows I've got some money though.

Wednesday.

Penny's anal audition is set for 9am. We are both looking forward to it although Penny still doesn't care if I send her tape in or not.

We lock the door and get naked. I begin to warm her up. I bring her to two orgasms with my mouth. When I pull away, she jumps off the couch and shoves my cock in her mouth. I don't need it because her pheromones have me rock hard. She sucks it for a while and then bends over the arm of the couch. I smile and grab the lube. I lube her up and grab one of the handheld cameras. 

I slowly enter her and begin to fuck that ass. She's really tight and it feels magnificent. She's moaning. I reach around and start to play with her clit. We fuck for nearly five minutes before she screams and clamps down on me. That sets me off and I cum in her ass. We already have a view of me cumming on her face and in her mouth. I pull out and then she stands up to kiss me. We French kiss for a long time.

"That was wonderful, Brad. I really enjoy being fucked in the ass by you. I had a real hard orgasm."

We head to the shower and enjoy each others bodies. I wash her ass out and she thanks me.

We invite Karen in and she says it was great and she got really hot watching it. She wants to train like Penny did. I give her the butt plugs and tell her how to use them. She walks over to Penny, hugs her and then kisses her. I'm surprised and so is Penny. Karen says she's very attracted to Penny and always has been. Penny smiles and kisses Karen again. Karen asks Penny how she'd feel about me fucking her. Penny says, "It's part of his job, sweetie. How do you feel about you and me doing each other?"

"I look forward to it. I'm bisexual but I lean toward ladies more than men right now. I'm probably 60/40 women over men now."

Penny is surprised but kisses Karen again. Karen says, "Brad, when I get trained, you and Penny can test me and you can take my ass. I'm kind of nervous about that but Penny seemed to really enjoy it."

We both thank her and give her a kiss.

Penny and I go to lunch and get back at 1pm. I relax for a while since I have to fuck Mary Shoemaker at 2pm.

We are both ready when Mary arrives. Mary is pretty hot. She's a brunette with a great body and great long legs. She comes in and sits down. 

"Hi, Mary. I told you what we are going to do today during and after the interview. I need to ask you again if you are fine with everything we talked about on the phone call."

She smiles and says "Oh, yes, I am so fine with everything you told me about. I'm ready and looking forward to it." 

"Great, Mary. This lovely woman is my girlfriend. She will be joining us and using your mouth for a little lesbian love. I hope that's okay."

"Oh, okay." She looks Penny up and down and smiles at her.

"So the first thing I want you to do is remove your clothes. If you are going to be a porn star you might as well get use to being naked around clothed people. A normal porn shoot will have the naked actors and actresses and from six to over twenty non-participants doing such things as directing, running the cameras, making sure the lighting is right and insuring the sound is correct, those type of things. There will also be other assistants like makeup artists and numerous other assistants, both men and women. So start removing those clothes and give me a sexy strip tease while you are at it."

Mary is pretty hot. She's stripping and dancing for me and she is revealing a hot body. Once she is naked, she holds her arms out. 

I say "I'm going to take some photos of you now. Keep dancing for me." She keeps moving and I start snapping pictures. Damn, she's pretty hot. After a few minutes, I tell her to stop dancing and I say "Now I need some head shots of you. Give me some nice smiles...Excellent."

"Okay, sweetheart. I want you to turn toward the couch, bend at your waist and spread your butt cheeks apart. I want a good look at that sweet pussy and ass." She does as I ask and I'm rock hard. She's gorgeous. I take a couple of pictures of her female parts. They look great but that ass looks a little used. 

After I finish with the photo shoot, I tell her to have a seat and we'll start the interview portion. 

"So Mary, have you decided on a porn name yet?"

Mary says "Not really."

I say "Well, you should probably come up with one. You don't want to use your real name."

She says "Okay."

"Age?"

"I just turned 27."

I ask her her measurements and she says "37C-25-38 and 5' 9" tall."

I say "Weight?"

She says "About 125lbs."

I write her hair color down. She's got a little triangle of brown hair above her pussy.

I say "Okay, let's talk sexual experience. Give me a ballpark figure of the number of sex partners."

She says "Ten including one woman."

I smile and say "Great! I'm glad to hear that you are bisexual or have at least tried another lady."

She smiles and says "Oh, yes, I'm bisexual but I really like guys."

I smile. "So, I'm assuming oral and vaginal sex, right?"

"Right."

"What about anal?"

She says "I have done anal with five guys."

I say "Great. Then you have no problem with me fucking your ass today?"

She smiles and says, "No."

I say "Did you eat the woman's pussy or did she just go down on you?"

She says "We went down on each other."

"Great. Have you had sex with multiple men at the same time or been in an orgy where you've sampled multiple men."

She says "Yes. I attended an orgy and was fucked by three different guys. That was really fun."

"Okay, how about kinky sex?"

She says, "I've been tied to a bed once while being fucked but that's it for anything kinky."

"Great, Mary. I'm very glad you are sitting there without covering yourself."

"Thanks, Mr. Rockefeller."

"Brad, please."

I hand her a pen and a sheet of paper and tell her to write down her phone number and email address so I know how to contact her. She starts to write and when finished hands everything back to me.

"Thanks, Mary. Okay, time to get down to it. I want you to lean back, spread your legs out and start to masturbate while we get naked. Play to this camera on my desk."

She spreads her legs out, leans back and begins to play with herself. She's watching us strip but still looking at the camera once in a while. She's smiling. 

I let her go for a few minutes. She's staring at my hard-on. 

After about five minutes, she's moaning. I walk over and kneel down in front of her. I say "I'm going to see how your pussy tastes now."

I remove her hand and stick my face into her pussy. I begin to lick her and she groans loudly. Penny sits down on her face while I continue eating.

After a couple of minutes, I reach back down and open her pussy up a little more. I start to suck and lick her inner pussy lips. She groans "Oh, Yeah!!" She starts to breathe like she's having problems catching her breath. Of course, she does have a pussy on her face. When I slip two fingers into her pussy, she says "Oh, yesssss!"

I finger fuck her with special attention to the g-spot and a minute later she raises off the couch and screams as she begins to cum. As she's still cumming, I move to her clit and suck it into my mouth and she screams and lifts off the couch again.

I start to flick her clit with my tongue and she screams again. "Holy fuck!!" Penny starts to cum at the same time.

After she's had a couple of orgasms, I get up and slip a condom on and enter her. I start to fuck her.

She's not real tight but not too bad. After a minute or so, I begin to pound her good. She hits another orgasm after two more minutes of fucking her hard and she continues to cum every couple of minutes. Penny hits another orgasm and then gets off of Mary's face. After three more orgasms for Mary, I pull out. I tell her to get up and suck my cock. She goes to it and does a good job. Then I tell her I want her doggie style. 

I get the lube and lube her ass. I enter her pussy and fuck her to another orgasm and then slip into her ass. She squeals as I start to pound her ass. Penny gets under her mouth and she immediately sticks her face into Penny's pussy again.

She's moaning constantly and lasts two more minutes and then she screams again as she begins another orgasm. She's really clamping down on me and I'm very close. I pull out, take the condom off and she's turns around. I'm jacking off and start to shoot in her mouth and face. 

Five shots of cum later and I'm done. She looks great with that cum on her face so I tell her how wonderful she looks. I help her stand and kiss her lips. I tell her to go through a door behind my desk to clean herself up. Penny is on the edge and didn't get off this time. I tell her I'll take care of her after we're done with Mary.

Mary cleans up and comes back in a couple of minutes later. I tell her to sit down. I walk over and hand her a $100 bill and tell her that's what I pay for the casting. She says "Thanks, Brad. I didn't know I got paid for making the audition tape."

I smile.

I explain about our production company and she's thrilled. I tell her I'll edit her tape and send it to the producers I know. I also tell her I'll keep her in mind when we start our production of movies up.

She dresses and leaves. I immediately go down on Penny and bring her off a couple of times. She thanks me. I'm hard again and she asks me if she can take care of it. I tell her we'll do that later. She smiles and kisses me. "Oooo. That kiss tastes like pussy." She winks and kisses me again.

We jump into the shower and afterward I work on her audition tape. After I finish it, we head out to supper. Later we watch her audition tape and then fuck each others brains out.

Thursday.

First thing today, I send Penny's audition tape out.

About 8:30am, we receive a phone call from Paul Johnson, set him up for a 2pm Monday interview.

Eve arrives at 9am and I welcome her. I tell her about the Monday interview and she smiles. "Thanks Brad. I can use the money." She enters the appointment into her cell phone.

Bruce arrives and I introduce Eve to him. He looks her up and down and licks his lips. They start to strip each other and I turn the cameras on. Penny and I are watching from my desk. 

When he's naked, Eve's eyes get big. She drops to her knees and begins to work on getting him hard. She's going at it and trying her best to get it all into her mouth. Of course, she'll never do it but she's giving it the old college try. Soon she's got a foot long partially in her mouth. She gets up and I tell Bruce to eat that pussy to get her wet. He starts to eat her and soon says, "She's soaking, Brad." I smile.

Brad brought his own condom and rolls it on. He starts to work it into her. She's immediately moaning. She loves it. I look at Penny and she's shaking her head. 

Bruce starts to slowly fuck her and soon picks up the pace. Eve is soon squealing. She starts to cum three minutes into the fuck and hits another orgasm about every two minutes. Bruce fucks her for fifteen minutes and then pulls out. Eve slowly gets to her knees and Bruce cuts lose. He sprays over a half dozen large streams onto her face. When he's done, Eve's face is covered. She laughs and says "Wow! I volunteer to co-start with Bruce anytime you find it necessary. That was fun as hell." 

Penny and I laugh and so does Bruce. I turn the cameras off and Eve heads to the bathroom. Bruce says, "That was fun. I like that Eve. She's really hot."

Soon they are both on their way home. Eve was really thrilled when I handed her the $500.

Penny and I go out to eat and get back in time for June Jones' appointment at 2pm.

June has never done anal and doesn't want to do it. She knocks on the door and I tell her to come in. June is a petite little blonde with a pixie haircut. She's a cutie. I tell her to come in and have a seat.

"Hi, June. Now I told you what we are going to do today during and after the interview. I need to ask you again if you are fine with everything we talked about on the phone call. And yes, I know no anal."

She smiles and says "Oh, yes, I am so fine with everything you told me about. I'm ready and looking forward to it." 

"Great, June. This lovely woman is my girlfriend Penny. She will be joining us and using your mouth for a little lesbian love. I hope that's okay."

She looks Penny up and down and says, "Sounds like fun. I'm a virgin when it comes to pussy eating. I'm a little nervous about that but I'm ready."

"The first thing I want you to do is remove your clothes. If you are going to be a porn star you might as well get use to being naked around clothed people. A normal porn shoot will have the naked actors and actresses and from six to over twenty non-participants. So let's remove those clothes and give me a sexy strip tease while you are at it."

June is such a cutie and hot too. She's stripping and dancing for me and she is revealing a hot body although a very petite one. That's probably why she doesn't want to try anal. Once she is naked, she stops dancing and stands with her arms to her side. 

I say "I'm going to take some photos of you now. Keep dancing for me." She keeps moving and I start snapping pictures. I like this little hot one. After a few minutes, I tell her to stop dancing and I say "Now I need some head shots of you. Give me some nice smiles...That's a girl."

"Okay, sweetheart. I want you to turn toward the couch, bend at your waist and spread your butt cheeks apart. I want a good look at that sweet pussy and ass." She does as I ask and I'm again rock hard. She's really hot. I take a couple of pictures of her female parts. They look great and that asshole looks pristine. 

After I finish with the photo shoot, I tell her to have a seat and we'll start the interview portion. 

"So June, have you decided on a porn name yet?"

June says "I was thinking 'Pixie' or 'Tinker Belle'."

I say "I like both of those. The last name of Belle is very common among porn actresses. You don't want to use your real name though."

She says "I know."

"Age?"

"I'm 19."

I ask her her measurements and she says "32B-16-32 and 5' tall."

I say "Weight?"

She says "About 95 lbs."

I write her hair color down. She's shaved down below.

I say "Okay, let's talk sexual experience. Give me a ballpark figure of the number of sex partners."

She says "Three."

"Any women?"

"No, unfortunately. I'm looking forward to tasting Penny though."

I smile and say "Great! I'm glad to hear that." Penny is smiling.

I say, "So, I'm assuming oral and vaginal sex, right?"

"Right."

"I know you don't do anal." I mark that down. "As I told you, the California producers usually won't hire you unless you do anal although you might luck out if they need a Tinker Bell type of character."

"Have you had sex with more than one man?

She says "No but I'd love that. I'd love to be in an orgy too."

"How about kinky sex?"

She says, "No, although I have no objection to trying something if I know it wouldn't hurt too much."

"Great, June. I'm very glad you are sitting there without covering yourself. The position you are applying for does not allow you to be worried about being embarrassed."

"Thanks, Brad. I'm okay with nudity. Is it okay to call you Brad?"

"It's okay, June. I prefer Brad."

I hand her a pen and a sheet of paper and tell her to write down her phone number and email address so I know how to contact her. She starts to write and when finished hands everything back to me.

"Thanks, June. Okay, time to get down to it. I want you to lean back, spread your legs out and start to masturbate while we get naked. Play to this camera on my desk."

She spreads her legs out, leans back and begins to play with herself. She's looking at the camera and once in a while she takes a peek at us. She's smiling. 

I let her go for a few minutes. Penny kneels down and begins to suck my cock even though it doesn't really need it. I smile down at her. 
