 Firstly, here is another episode for the sick anonymous critics to add their nauseating comments to. To the vast majority of readers I apologise for the above remarks, because I know that you are normal, sane, healthy people who would only criticise because there is something in the story to criticise.

I ended my last chapter where I had just begun to represent an educational publishing house and mentioned my very close involvement with someone who was some fifteen years younger than I was.

My work consisted mainly in visiting schools, especially primary schools, but also in attending or even organising book exhibitions for these teachers to visit.

This work was quite rewarding, socially as well as professionally, and being away from home gave me opportunities to stray, although I must confess that I did not stray too often unless circumstances gave me the opportunity. But mainly I gathered and stored titbits of incidents which called out for expansion into stories. Some of them happened exactly the way I described them in my stories, but others were embellished considerably via my imagination.

One of these occasions arose when I was visiting a secondary school and had asked to see the Special Needs teacher. To my surprise, and much to my delight, she turned out to be a woman with whom I had become friendly whilst still at college. Penny had been teaching prior to going to college, and afterwards I visited her whilst she was a student in another teacher training college. We seemed to have a lot in common then, and I did also meet her on occasions after we had both qualified, but these meetings gradually died out.

We naturally remade each other's acquaintance and I visited her quite a few times whenever I was in the area. This is when she told me, as we were having a quiet drink one evening, that for the past four or five years she and a very close friend of hers, Janice, whom I also knew from my college days, had holidayed in the Greek Islands together, but without their husbands. She said that neither of their husbands had any wish to go abroad, and they had mutually agreed that the two "girls" could holiday in this way. Mind you, this was before the days of "Shirley Valentine"!

Next time I met her I had a pleasant surprise. As had become usual, we had arranged for a drink together in the evening, completely with her husband's knowledge, as he knew that we were old friends and I had actually visited them in their home. During this particular evening, though, she started to expand on the Greek Holiday, and had actually brought some photos to show me. 

There was nothing remotely sexual about the pictures, though, other than the fact that they both wore very small bikinis in some of the pictures, until I noticed one that must have slipped her attention, for as soon as she saw what it was she hastily snatched it back from me.

They were both topless in this picture, together with an Adonis of a man standing between them, and with arms around each other's backs. Their bikini bottoms were even smaller than the previous pictures, seemingly with more string than actual material! 

At first she started to apologise for allowing me to see that particular photograph, but when I reassured her that I was not shocked in any way, she finally allowed me to see it once again, explaining that on their last holiday she and Janice had actually become friendly with two Greek boys, their Greek "toy-boys" she called them. More than that, though, she would not tell me. I often wonder how close to the truth my fantasy story about them was, as told in my story "Greek Island Encounter", although naturally I had changed their names. 

My story about the "Headmistress" was also based on fact. I had gone into an infant school and had knocked on the Head Teacher's door, as was the usual thing to do in those days. A voice inside called me to come in, and I was greeted by the sight of a fairly young (for a Head Teacher) woman who was squatting on the floor, sitting on her ankles, knees well apart, as she tried to pick up some straws which had evidently fallen onto the floor. I was treated to a vision of stocking tops, suspenders and a particularly wide open display of her lacy knickers before she realised that I was not one of her infants, and she clambered to her feet, quite embarrassed.

I pretended that I had seen nothing, and calmly introduced myself as if I was completely unaware of her recent display. I must admit, though, that she quickly recovered and after a few awkward moments she continued as if I had only just entered the room.  

I went through my spiel, and then, as so often seemed to happen in these circumstances, we started to have a little chat, as was normal. She seemed a little more relaxed, but, as I was leaving, she did call out, "Please -- next time you call can you cough as you come in so that I know it is not one of my children?" I turned to her and saw that she was certainly more composed and was actually smiling. "After all," she added, "I do not make a habit of showing what is normally reserved for my husband's eyes only: At least -- not to every Tom, Dick and Harry."

Her face gave away the fact that she had not only fully recovered, but was actually seemingly amused. I have immortalised this episode in my story, "The Headmistress."

Book exhibitions meant that we representatives had a chance to meet one another again, as in spite of working for rival companies there was always camaraderie amongst us. There was always a lot of banter as well, as one can imagine, irrespective of the sexes. 

It was when a few of us were enjoying a tea-break that the subject of blue films cam up. There had been a programme on TV the previous evening about this subject, and as we were chatting Mandy (as I called her in the story and I shall call her now to respect her privacy) said quite innocently, "I have never seen a blue film." No more was said, though, at the time, but later on as I met her in one of the aisles she brought the subject up again. "Have you ever watched a blue film?" she asked. I nodded, thinking no more about it, other than to tell her that there were cinemas (of a kind) which showed such films here and there throughout the country. Mandy, though, seemed determined to pursue the subject, and asked me if there were any in the town where we now were. I knew that there was one, and told her so, then cheekily I asked her if she would like to go to see such a film with me.

To my surprise she took me up on the offer. 

That evening saw us together, and as I said in my story, it happened to be "couples night". The story, though, was very much embellished, for apart from heavy petting (as it is sometimes called) we went no further. In any case, we worked for completely different companies and only met at long intervals. Also, I did not really know her apart from her being an acquaintance and noticing that she was wearing a wedding ring.

There was one particular book exhibition, though, which will always remain engraved in my memory.

It was to take not far from Patricia's home town, and Pippa, (my wife's sister) now 30 years of age, had recently suggested that we come and stay with her for a few days as she had just bought a two-bedroom flat. This would be an opportunity for me to stay somewhere far more homely than the eternal hotel scene which surrounds the life of a rep. So Patricia called Pippa and suggested that I might stay with her for the three days involved, although she herself would be unable to come as she had too many standing commitments. 

Pippa seemed to hesitate, but agreed and said that she was looking forward to my coming. 

I duly arrived, and was greeted warmly by Pippa by her usual intimate kiss. 

"I'll show you round the flat, first," she said to me, and took me round the dining-room-cum kitchen, the lounge where there was a sofa, two chairs and a Television set. She then took my to the "second bedroom" where I had assumed I would be sleeping, but which was obviously being used by someone else, judging by the state of the room. "I have a lodger, Nerys. She is Welsh," she explained. "She is due home from work at any time, but I am sure you will get on with her when you see her. So you will not be able to use this bedroom as you probably expected. But my bed is a double one, too, and perhaps we can make up for what did not happen when I stayed with you after leaving school!"

I looked at her in some surprise, but she countered this with a laugh. 

"You've seen me completely naked in the past; you touched me enough then, too, although not where I wanted you to touch. Now you will be able to have the opportunity properly!"

I could not refrain from giving her a huge kiss, which she naturally took to be my agreement to this arrangement, and my hands were just beginning to explore when we heard the key turn in the door to the flat.

"This must be Nerys," said Pippa, as we broke contact once again.

Nerys was dark-haired, and as soon as she spoke she was obviously Welsh, with that lovely singing tone which the Welsh have.

Pippa introduced us, as Nerys said that she had not expected Pippa to be at home today. "I thought that you were staying with Ben. Is this not one of the nights when he is at home?"

Pippa answered me first, to tell me that she was more or less engaged to a divorcée and that he worked a lot from home, so that she was only able to go to stay with him when he was not away, naturally. Then she told us both that there had been a change of arrangements in his work and that he would be away tonight, plus the fact that I would be staying here for the next three nights. She then explained to Nerys who I was and how, quite a few years ago when she was still a teenager, she had had a crush on me but that we had never had the opportunity to sleep together. She then added that she intended making up for that tonight, as she went on, "So I hope our love-making will not disturb you too much, Nerys." 

Nerys just looked amused, but then said something like, "If it does I shall have to come in and spank you both!"

Anyway, Pippa had prepared a meal, and told Nerys that tonight it was her treat as I was her guest, and we had a beautifully meal of peppered steak, if I remember rightly. But after we had all seen to the washing-up, Nerys said that she wanted to watch TV, but Pippa told her that she could hardly wait to get into bed. 

"The big difference is that nowadays I am on the pill, whereas I was not as a teenager, so (and she actually used these words) Skip can fuck me anyway he wants with no holds (or holes) barred!

But then she added to Nerys, "If you really do feel like watching us, though, I for one would not object!"

Nerys just grinned, and said that she just might do that, but we left her there at that point and went into the bedroom, where Pippa lost no time in stripping off completely.

The first thing I noticed, though, was that she had really matured. Her breasts as I remembered them were small and firm with rosy pink nipples -- now they were well developed, although still firm and enticing. As her knickers came off I could see, too, that she had kept up the practice of shaving, and whereas again all that time ago I remembered her dainty and demure pussy lips, now they were far more prominent and positively inviting.

I was no sluggard, either, and had matched her haste in stripping off, so that seconds later we were already making up for all that time ago when I had held back because of her age and relationship. Now, though, all inhibitions had been cast aside, and we went at it like two newly-weds.

And so it was throughout the night. I do not know if Nerys did take up the invitation or not -- if she did she was very discreet about it, but I do not think she did so.

Next morning we all had work to face, and Nerys was one of the first out. As I went to go next Pippa naturally gave me a kiss, but then dropped a small bombshell. 

"I shall not be here when you come back tonight. Ben will be at home, and I always sleep with him when he is not away. He knows you stayed here last night, but I presume he thinks you would have slept on the sofa. It just proves he does not know me as well as he thinks, yet. But I have asked Nerys, and she will bring you round to Ben's this evening for a meal together, and then you can meet him properly -- but remember -- not a word about last night! Otherwise I might be tempted to tell Patricia!" Then she added, slyly, "As if I would!"

Ben was a delightful fellow, although he was my own age, and divorced even though he was a catholic. And I could not help feeling in the back of my mind that I could see what he saw in Pippa -- I was almost jealous, but only almost. I knew that should Pippa and I ever be alone together anywhere it should be him getting jealous, although I greatly doubted whether or not he would ever get to know about it! And neither would Patricia.

That night, after Nerys and I had said goodnight to Pippa and Ben, we were alone in the house together. But after the previous night which I had enjoyed with Pippa I felt absolutely horny, and it seemed natural that when Nerys and I were saying goodnight to go to our separate rooms we should at least give one another a token kiss. 

At least, the intention from me had been to make the kiss a token. But Nerys seemed to have other ideas. Her kiss to me was stronger than mine had started out to be, and soon we were kissing a little more intimately than just a gentle peck. 

Her intentions became clearer when she said to me, "You are going to miss Pippa tonight, aren't you? What if I told you that my bed is big enough for two?"

I broke away to look at her more closely. She was much younger than Pippa, no more than twenty, I thought. Yet, she was already divorced. I wondered, at the back of my kind, what the reasons for the break-up had been. Then I dismissed those thoughts, as even much more sensuous ones came in their place.

But then, as if reading my thoughts, Nerys said, "I miss my ex, and it gets so lonely in bed by myself. But when I found that he was sleeping with two other women when he was not with me I ordered him out of the house and started divorce proceedings. He went to live away in another part of the country, and I don't know where. But I have really missed him, and if I could I would have him back tomorrow, and bugger who else he is fucking! I'd put up with all that just to have him back."

"So you see," she said as she looked me fully in the eye, "I was really jealous of you and Pippa last night. Please, will you share my bed tonight and give me everything I want?"

What answer was there to that other than to agree? And agree I did, most decisively.

She had no doubt as to my answer when my lust took over and there and then I began to almost tear her clothing from her. And her response was to reciprocate by stripping me. I do remember waking up in her bed some time during the night, but how we got there was a mystery, for we immediately fell into a sixty-nine position as I lapped eagerly at her flowing juices and she engulfed me in such a way that she started to hurt, yet I bore the pain as I thrust my tongue into her delightful pussy until with a sudden flush she wet me completely as her juices flowed.

Next second we had twisted around and I was pounding away into her for all I was worth, and she loved it.

As I said, though, I had no recollection of getting into bed, and it was next morning when we both awoke, side by side, to find that she was late for work, as we had both overslept.

We skipped breakfast and I rushed her to work in my car, arriving only a few minutes later than she could have done by bus. I was not in the same hurry, as my own exhibition duties only started at 11.00am. 

That evening, the last night of the exhibition -- we would dismantle it next morning -- I arrived home at roughly the same time as Nerys. Again our greeting, once inside, was a little more than conventional, as we kissed and my hands inevitably started to maul her breasts, where they met no resistance.

But then I asked her if I could take her out for a meal. I was on expenses, and so the cost would burn no holes in my pockets.

She readily agreed, and asked if she could choose the venue. "After all," she explained, "I know the area and where the best food is."

I told her that the choice was all hers, whereupon she mischievously told me to stay out of her room whilst she dressed for the occasion. "Something for you to look forward to later on," she mysteriously said.

When she finally called out that she was ready I told her that I would wait in the car, and she came out wearing a light coat over her dress.

She then directed me to a restaurant which lay a little off the beaten track, tucked down a narrow country lane. There were already three or four cars there, though, and on going inside she gave her name, having evidently booked a table whilst supposedly getting ready. 

We were directed to a small table for two, and I noticed how discreetly the tables were placed, as the place seemed to be a converted old barn, re-built with small nooks and crannies around its walls so that every table was almost out of sight of every other table.

As we went to sit down a waiter courteously helped her remove her coat, and I was rewarded by the sight of Nerys in a sensuous strapless dress which reached well below her knees. No miniskirts for Nerys, I thought to myself in amusement. However, the dress seemed to make her seem even more attractive.

She saw me looking at her admiringly with some amusement, and asked if I liked the dress.

I told her that she looked beautiful in it, and she told me that it had been a present from her ex, and that she only wore it on special occasions.

As we sat down and began to look through the menu I asked her why she felt that this was a special occasion, to which she replied, flatteringly, that it was not every day that a handsome man wined and dined her. 

She then looked straight at me as she said, "But there is also something special about the way I am dressed tonight - all I have on underneath is a pair of hold-up stockings!"

I looked at her with eyes that must have seemed undressing her there and then, and she laughed as she went on to say that she would prove it when we got back into the car.

This was the mood of the meal, which we both enjoyed, as she told me about her past -- about her ex-husband, about past boyfriends prior to her marriage, and so on. I think I told her about some of my experiences, too.

Afterwards, as we crossed to the car in the car park, she turned and kissed me as she thanked me for such a wonderful meal and evening, adding that she would like to prolong it by showing me some of the local beauty spots nearby.

She directed me to a narrow lane which climbed uphill for a short way, and then I stopped the car as she got out to show me the town lights below us, laid out as if in a pattern. It was quite a sight, but nothing compared to the sight I had when I turned to face her and saw that she had stripped off her dress and was now wearing no more than her black hold-up stockings and shoes!

"I've always wanted to do this," she told me. "To stand naked in the moonlight in full view of anyone who might be around."

Then she added. "And there is just one thing which will make my evening complete."

"Which is?" I asked her as I drank in the wonderful view in front of me, and I did not mean the town lights.

"To make love in the open air under the stars," she said, looking at me in a way I could not resist. 

And that is precisely what happened. Neither of us noticed he hardness of the ground, although the grass tickled us both in turn.

Afterwards she slipped her dress on again to drive home, where there was no thought of anything but getting into bed together.
