 Chapter 04.

Monday. The script writers report for work today. I show them the office they are sharing. I tell them to settle in. I tell them their initial salary is $50,000 with bonuses. I brief them on what we are doing here. I hand them the book and tell them to read it. This will be our first movie. The book title is "Find me, Tease me, Love me." I tell them I've got another book but we haven't finalized it yet. They should get started on the first story.

I get three phone calls this morning. Two women and one man looking for an interview. I go through the initial briefing about the sex tape and everyone agrees to it. I mention that the ladies will need to do anal. One of the women says no problem but the other says she's never done anal and doesn't want to try. I tell her the chance of a California producer choosing her without the anal scene is about the same as winning the Powerball lotto. I also tell her about my production company, that we can probably use her here and she's interested. All say they will come in for the interview and audition tape.

We get Bruce Lawton set up for Tuesday afternoon at 2pm. Mary Shoemaker is the lady who has done anal before. She's setup for 2pm Wednesday. June Jones is the non-anal lady and she's set up for Thursday morning at 10am. 

At 9 am, I finally meet Penny's roommate and she's a pretty hot brunette. She's 5' 8" and maybe 120lbs. She got a great body, around 36C-24-36. I tell her again what the job entails and I tell her what I'll pay her. She's only making about $12,000 a year as a waitress. I tell her I'll give her three times that much. She jumps at the chance. I ask if she wants to test for an actress job and she says she hasn't decided yet. She ask me who she would have to fuck for the audition tape. When I tell her it would be me but Penny would also be doing the lesbian scene with her, she says she's interested but still wants to think about it some more. She ask me if Penny tested and I tell her she did and we are dating and living together now. She's surprised and hasn't even realized that Penny has moved out of the apartment. She accepts the story finder job and I set her up with an office and laptop. I give her a copy of the first story and tell her this is what we are looking for. I also give her the job paperwork.

At 10am, Eve Thorton arrives for an interview. Penny is at my side in her robe on and naked underneath. Eve is intriguing. She's a dark skin black woman who reminds me of Naomi Campbell, the supermodel. She's really hot. 

I decided to let Karen watch from the other room. I route the video feed of the overhead cameras to her laptop.

"Come in, Eve, have a seat on the couch. I'm Brad. This is my assistant and soon to be partner, Penny. She will test your lesbian skills. Now I told you what we are going to do this afternoon during and after the interview. I need to ask you again if you are fine with everything we talked about on the phone call."

She smiles and says "Yes sir, I am so fine with everything you told me about and looking forward to it." She looks at Penny and licks her lips. Hah! 

"Great, Eve. I want you to strip for me. Make it a nice slow striptease but play to this camera on my desk." 

I say "I'm going to take some photos of you now. Keep dancing for me." She keeps moving and I start snapping pictures. Damn, she's smokin'. After a few minutes, I tell her to stop dancing and I say "Now I need some head shots of you. Give me some nice smiles......Very nice Eve."

"Okay, sweetheart. I want you to turn toward the couch, bend at your waist and spread your butt cheeks apart. I want a good look at that sweet pussy and ass." She does as I ask and I'm rock hard. She's really hot. I take a couple of pictures of her female parts. Yum, they look delicious but that ass does look well used.

After I finish with the photo shoot, I tell her to have a seat and we'll start the interview portion. 

"So Eve, do you have a porn name yet?"

Eve says "I'm thinking Dark Eve."

I say "Well, that's interesting."

She says "Thanks."

"Age?"

"I'm 28."

I ask her her measurements and she says "36D-26-38 and 5' 10" tall."

I say "Weight?"

She says "135lbs."

Her hair on her head and pussy is black. She's well trimmed down below but not shaved. Not bad.

I say "Okay, let's talk sexual experience. Give me a ballpark figure of the number of sex partners."

She blushes and says "Thirty five to forty."

I smile and say "Okay, you know what you are doing then. Any of them women?"

She smiles and says "Oh, yes, I'm bisexual. I've had maybe 5 female lovers." She glances at Penny again.

I smile. "So, I'm assuming oral and vaginal sex, right?"

"Right."

"What about anal?"

She says "Yes, of course."

I say "Good, if you want to make it big in the porn business you know you have to do anal. The producers out in California probably won't even consider you if you don't do anal, especially anal on your audition tape."

She smiles and says "No problem. Are you going to fuck my ass this afternoon, Brad."

I say "Of course." 

She smiles and licks her lips and says "Great."

I say "Well, you are very beautiful and have a hot body. I'd love to see you make it big."

She smiles again and says "Thank you, Brad. I really appreciate it."

"No problem, Dark Eve."

"Have you had sex with multiple men at the same time or been in an orgy where you've sampled multiple men."

She says "Yes. Threesomes, orgies, swinging."

"What's the maximum number of men at the same time?"

She blushes and says "I had a gangbang of five guys."

"Wow!"

"I love doing multiple men. I love doing multiple women too." She looks at Penny again and licks her lips again. I smile at Penny.

"Okay, how about kinky sex?"

She smiles and says "Yes. I love bondage sex. Very hot. I haven't done anything else though. No spankings, whipping or anything like that."

I say "Dark Eve, I like that your legs are somewhat open like that. I love to look at pussies so that's hot."

She smiles and opens her legs more.

I hand her a pen and a sheet of paper and tell her to write down her phone number and email address so I know how to contact her. She starts to write and when finished hands everything back to me.

"Thanks, Dark Eve. Okay, I want you to lean back, spread your legs out and start to masturbate while we strip. Play to this camera on my desk."

She spreads her legs out, leans back and begins to play with herself. She's watching me and Penny strip and when we're both totally naked, she licks her lips. My penis is pretty hard. I can't wait to get into that hot pussy but I'm wondering if she stretched or not. She can't keep her eyes off of Penny. I remind her that the cameras are recording and to look at the one on my desk. She smiles, licks her lips again and looks into the camera on my desk.

I let her go for five minutes and I'm stroking myself for half that time. She's still staring at Penny though. I whisper into Penny's ear that I think she's hot for her. 

After five minutes, she's moaning. I walk over and kneel down in front of her. I say "I'm going to see how your pussy tastes now and Penny is going to check out how well you eat pussy."

I remove her hand and stick my face into her pussy while Penny is climbing onto her face. I begin to lick her and she groans loudly. After a couple of minutes, she grabs her legs behind her knees and pulls them up so that she's really open for me. She tastes pretty good but not as good as Penny. I reach up with both hands and begin to play with her hard nipples. She's got great tits, well shaped. Penny is really working her face. I noticed that Eve has wrapped an arm around Penny's waist and is making sure she doesn't move away. That makes me smile. She's definitely got a thing for Penny.

After a couple of minutes, I reach back down and open her pussy up a little more. I start to suck and lick her inner pussy lips. She groans "Oh, God!!" She starts to breathe like she's having problems catching her breath. When I slip two fingers into her pussy, she says "Oh, fuck, yesssss!"

I finger-fuck her with special attention to the g-spot and a minute later she raises off the couch and screams as she begins to cum. As she's still cumming, I move to her clit and suck it into my mouth and she screams and lifts off the couch again.

I start to flick her clit with my tongue and she screams again. "Holy shit!!!!" Penny finally has her first orgasm. 

After Eve has cum for a couple of minutes, she pushes me away. She's breathing really hard.

I stand up, take a step back, turn sideways so the camera on my desk can get a good view and say "Dark Eve, come suck my hard cock." She smiles and slowly gets up off the couch to kneel in front of me. She grabs my rock hard cock and begins to lick the head. Soon my cock is buried in her mouth and she's sucking the hell out of it. She's not bad. She starts to fuck her mouth with it and then starts to deep-throat. She can suck a cock for sure. Soon I pull her up and tell her to lay down on the couch.

She lays down and spreads her legs out wide. She then pulls her knees up and looks up at me. I roll a condom on and slip into her. We both sigh when I hit bottom. She's fairly loose though. I soon start to move in her and she starts to moan. After a minute or so, I begin to pound her good. Penny sits on her face again and starts to move. Eve hits another orgasm after two more minutes of fucking her hard and she continues to cum every couple of minutes. Penny is cumming over and over again. After three more orgasms for Dark Eve, I pull out. I tell her to get up, I want her on top for a while.

I sit on the couch and she climbs on. She starts to bounce up and down on my hard on. I start to play with those hard nipples again. I just love the color of her skin. I reach one hand down and start to rub her clit. She's huge there, maybe over an inch long and so easy to find. It's like a little penis.

She's moaning constantly and lasts two more minutes and then she screams again as she begins another orgasm. She's really clamping down on me but I'm not getting much friction. She's not very tight even when she's clamped down.

I tell her to get up and lean over the arm of the couch. I slip into her and start to fuck her doggie style. She hits another orgasm quickly. I'm still not close. I don't think I can cum in this pussy. I begin to play with her anus then slip my thumb into her. She immediately screams and clamps down on me again. I grab the lube and lube her ass while I'm fucking her. After her next orgasm, I pull out and slam into her ass. At least it's a bit tighter than her pussy. I fuck her ass for three minutes and tell her to turn around and kneel. She kneels and opens her mouth. I pull the condom off and start jacking off. I start to cum on her face. Five streams later, her face is a mess. I tell her it was an excellent sex tape and should make the California producers take notice.

I help her stand and I tell her to go through a door behind my desk to clean up.  

Penny comes over and says she's still horny. I smile and say "When she leaves, we'll shower and then I'll take care of you." She smiles.

Eve cleans up and comes back about five minutes later. I tell her to sit down. I walk over and hand her a $100 bill. She says "Thanks, Brad. You didn't say I'd get paid. This is great!"

I sit down at the desk and remotely stop the cameras. I look at her and say "You are really good especially the blowjob. I'll get your tape ready and send it out by Friday. Just to let you know, we've started a production company right here. I'll keep your number and if I have a part for you I'll call. I'll pay like most of the industry, by the sex act. You'll get $200 for each pussy eaten and $500 for each cock sucked and fucked and anal sex is $1000 per penis in the ass. For the kinky stuff, it's even little more depending on the act. Sound good?"

She smiles and says "Sounds good to me!."

"I'm thinking maybe some bondage sex for you. We'll have to see what kind of script we can come up with."

"Great, Brad."

"Okay, Eve. Get dressed and I'll call if we need you. Also, if you run across a very good romance story with a lot of explicit sex, let me know. There's a $1000 finder fee and if the female lead is black, we'll cast you."

"Ooooo, sounds good."

She dresses, smiles and says goodbye.

Once she's gone, Penny says "So why didn't you offer her a contract?"

I say "Well, she's gorgeous but she's really loose in her pussy and her ass. Maybe if we run across someone with a huge cock, I'll offer her a contract. I don't particularly want to fuck her again." I grab her between the legs and say, "I really like this pussy. It's good and tight and attached to one of the loveliest women I've ever met."

Penny smiles and blushes. She says "Let's shower. I need that cock."

I smile. I need that tight pussy too. We shower and I walk back into my office naked. Penny stays in the bathroom to do something. Soon she walks back out and over to me. She kneels and starts to get me harder. I'm already 3/4 hard so it's not going to take long. This woman just turns me on. Penny gets me hard and I go down on her for a while. Soon she says "Fuck me, honey!"

I get up and slip into her. I notice she's got the largest plug in her ass. I reach down and turn the vibrator function on. Penny screams. I start to pump into her hard. 

She soon begins to cum hard and continues to cum. It's almost like one continuous orgasm for her. That vibrator in her ass is really making her cum hard. After ten minutes of near continuous orgasms, Penny says she can't go on. I pull out and turn the vibrator off. She's lying there breathing hard. I cuddle up to her and caress her.

She looks at me and says "Sorry, honey. I just couldn't go on. That vibrator is just too much for me. I was afraid of passing out."

"No problem, babe."

She slowly gets up and starts to get me off with her mouth. 

After she's finished, she swallows and smiles at me. She crawls up and French kisses me. "I'm very happy with my life since I met you, Brad. I love my job, I love fucking you and I'm falling in love with you."

"Penny, I've never been in love so I don't know if I'm falling for you or not. But I do know one thing, I'd much rather be with you than any other woman. And if you were to disappear suddenly, I think I would truly be miserable."

She French kisses me again and we cuddle for a while. She says "That's called love, silly." 

I think I have fallen for her. I definitely don't want anyone else.

Later, I tell Penny I'm rescheduling her anal audition for Wednesday because she's going to have to fuck Bruce Lawton tomorrow and I don't want to wear her out.

To be continued...