 Monday. Monday morning we have several voice messages. A John Boner left a message looking for an interview. He says he's 13" long. Jennifer Patterson also wants an interview as does Stan Lumpkin. Stan says he's a regular guy who is looking to make some extra money. He's six and a half inches long.

I call them back and set Boner up for tomorrow at 2pm. I call Eve and she's thrilled. Jennifer is set up for tomorrow morning at 10am. I set up Lumpkin for Wednesday afternoon at 2pm. I talked to Eve and she told me that if this John Boner is really thick, she might not be ready for a few days. I called Ruth Shoemaker to let her know we are considering her for a minor role in our first movie and that I'd love for her to also audition a male for us. I tell her I'll put her under contract. She's free for Wednesday afternoon at 2pm so she agrees.  

I receive a phone call from California and I call Bruce Lawton and tell him that one of the California producers wants to see him. I tell him to come in as soon as possible. He says he's on his way.

I get in touch with the author of the BDSM story and buy the rights for $7000.

Bruce shows up at 11am. We call the producer on Skype and have a long chat. The producer is sending Bruce a plane ticket and setting him up with a hotel room close to his studios. Bruce is very happy. He shakes my hand and leaves. I need to get some more males in here.

Eve and Paul Johnson come in at 2pm. Paul is about my size everywhere so he should be great as a porn star. We go through the interview and then he and Eve fuck. It's an okay sex tape but I can tell he was not getting much friction with her. I may have to get Mary in to help out and let Eve do the guys who are huge.

Penny comes in after 3pm and says, "Honey, I think I found another story. It's a story about a couple just starting to swing. There's parts for a lot of people. We should be able to give a job to everyone on our actor list including both of us."

"Great honey. Wow, you are great at finding stories."

"Thanks lover. I love reading them. They make me wet as hell." I grab her and slip my hand into her pants and into her slit. I pull it out and smile. My fingers are soaked. I shove them into my mouth and suck them clean. Damn, this woman tastes so good. She's got a big smile on her face. She just loves that I enjoy her juices.

I decide it's time to close up and go home where we fuck until supper time. Then after supper, we pick up where we left off. I love this woman. 

Tuesday.

Jennifer Patterson arrives at 10am. Jennifer is a redhead. I love redheads especially when they are beautiful and Jennifer is very beautiful. We are both ready when Jennifer arrives. She is pretty hot. She has a great body and great long legs. She comes in and sits down. 

"Hi, Jennifer. Now I told you what we are going to do today during and after the interview. I need to ask you again if you are fine with everything we talked about on the phone call."

She smiles and says "I am so fine with everything you told me about. I need a good fuck, it's been a while." 

"Great, Jennifer. This lovely woman is my girlfriend. She will be joining us and using your mouth for a little lesbian love. I hope that's okay."

She looks Penny up and down. "It's more than okay. My mouth is watering." I smile and so does Penny.

"So the first thing I want you to do is remove your clothes. If you are going to be a porn star you might as well get use to being naked around clothed people. A normal porn shoot will have the naked actors and actresses and from six to over twenty non-participants doing such things as directing, running the cameras, making sure the lighting is right and insuring the sound is correct. There will also be other assistants like makeup artists and numerous other assistants, both men and women. So let's get you naked and give me a sexy strip tease while you are at it."

Jennifer is pretty hot. She's stripping and dancing for me and she is revealing a very hot body. Once she is naked, she holds her arms out. She could be Mary Shoemaker's sister. They really match except for hair color.

I say "I'm going to take some photos of you now. Keep dancing for me." She keeps moving and I start snapping pictures. She's pretty hot. After a few minutes, I tell her to stop dancing and I say "Now I need some head shots of you. Give me some nice smiles......Gorgeous."

"Okay, Jennifer. I want you to turn toward the couch, bend at your waist and spread your butt cheeks apart. I want a good look at that sweet pussy and ass." She does as I ask and I'm rock hard. She's gorgeous. I take a couple of pictures of her female parts. They look great but that ass looks like it's been fucked quite a few times. 

After I finish with the photo shoot, I tell her to have a seat and we'll start the interview portion. 

"So Jennifer, have you decided on a porn name yet?"

She says "Not yet. I'm thinking about using Red.....something like Red Passion maybe."

I say "Oh, I love Red Passion. Great name."

She says "Thanks, I'll use that then."

"Age?"

"I'm 26."

I ask her her measurements and she says "37C-25-38 and 5' 9" tall."

I say "Weight?"

She says "About 125lbs."

I write her hair color down. She's got a full pubis but it's nicely trimmed. Kind of unusual these days. I tell her so and she smiles.

I say "Okay, let's talk sexual experience. Give me a ballpark figure of the number of sex partners."

She says "Uhhh, I guess twelve including one woman."

I smile and say "Great! I'm glad to hear that you are bisexual or have at least tried another lady."

She smiles and says "Oh, yes, but my bisexuality is a minor trait. I really like guys and sucking cock."

I smile. "So, I'm assuming oral and vaginal sex, right?"

"Right."

"What about anal?"

She says "I have done anal with two boyfriends."

I say "Great. Do you have a problem with me using your asshole today?"

"No, I don't." She looks over at Penny.

I say "Speaking about the lesbian act, did you eat the woman's pussy or did she just go down on you?"

She says "We went down on each other."

"Great. Have you had sex with multiple men at the same time or been in an orgy where you've sampled multiple men."

She says "Yes. No orgy but I have had a MMF threesome. I enjoyed that. They gave me a double penetration. One cock in my pussy and one cock in my ass. Damn, thinking about that is getting me hot."

"Okay, how about kinky sex?"

She says, "I haven't tried anything like that although I'd love to be tied up and fucked hard."

"Great, Mary. I'm very glad you are sitting there without covering yourself." She actually has her legs spread wide giving us a good view.

"Thanks."

I hand her a pen and a sheet of paper and tell her to write down her phone number and email address so I know how to contact her. She starts to write and when finished hands everything back to me.

"Thanks, Mary. Okay, time for your sex tape. There are cameras all over this room so we can capture different angles. I want you to lean back, spread your legs out and start to masturbate while we get naked. Play to this camera on my desk."

She spreads her legs way out, leans back and begins to play with herself. She's looking into the camera and licking her lips and moaning. She's good. She occasionally takes a look at us standing there naked watching her. 

I let her go for a few minutes. She's staring at my hard-on. 

After about five minutes, she's moaning. I walk over and kneel down in front of her. I say "I'm going to see how your pussy tastes now."

She says, "Oh, yeah."

I stick my face into her pussy. I begin to lick her and she groans loudly. Penny moves over and sits down on her face while I continue eating. She grabs Penny's ass and pull her into her face.

After a couple of minutes, I reach back down and open her pussy up a little more. I start to suck and lick her inner pussy lips. She groans "Oh, God!! It's so good. I haven't had anyone down there for nearly a year. Eat me baby." She starts to breathe like she's having problems catching her breath. When I slip two fingers into her pussy, she says "Holy Fuck!!!"

I finger fuck her rubbing her g-spot and two minutes later she raises off the couch and screams as she begins to cum. As she's still cumming, I move to her clit and suck it into my mouth and she screams and lifts off the couch again.

I start to flick her clit with my tongue and she screams again. "Oh. My. God." Penny starts to cum.

After she's had a couple of orgasms, I get up and slip a condom on and enter her. I start to fuck her.

Her pussy is fine and not stretched out. After a minute or so, I begin to pound her good. She hits another orgasm after two more minutes of fucking her hard and she continues to cum every couple of minutes. Penny hits another orgasm and then gets off of Jennifer's face. After three more orgasms for Jennifer, I pull out. I tell her to get up and suck my cock as I pull the condom off. She takes no time to shove it all the way in. After a few minutes, I tell her I want her doggie style. I grab another condom.

I get the lube and lube her ass. I enter her pussy and fuck her to another orgasm and then slip into her ass. She squeals as I start to pound her ass. Penny gets under her mouth and I push her head down so her face is in Penny's pussy again.

She's moaning constantly and lasts two more minutes and then she screams again as she begins another orgasm. She's really clamping down on me and I'm very close. I pull out, take the condom off and she's turns around. I'm jacking off and start to shoot in her mouth and face. 

Five shots of cum later and I'm done. She looks great with that cum on her face and that red hair so I tell her how wonderful she looks. I help her stand and give her a kiss. I tell her to go through a door behind my desk. There's a full bathroom there. 

Jennifer cleans up and comes back in a couple of minutes later. I tell her to sit down. I walk over and hand her a $100 bill and tell her that's what I pay for the casting. She says "Thanks, Brad. I didn't know I got paid for making the audition tape. I want to really thank you. That's the first really hot fuck I've had since my husband left me. I want to thank Penny too. Getting to eat her was very enjoyable. I know she won't be my last female."

I smile and so does Penny.

I explain about our production company and she's thrilled. I tell her I'll edit her tape and send it to the producers I know. I also tell her I'll keep her in mind for any new movies we do.

Before she leaves she says "Brad, you two aren't together, are you?"

"Yes, Jennifer, we are very together."

She says "Damn, I was going to ask you out. Oh well. You are so lucky, Penny."

Penny smiles and says "Yes, I know."

"Say, if you two would like a female for another threesome, I'm your girl. I really enjoyed what we did today."

I tell her we'll keep her in mind if we ever decide we need someone else to fuck.

After she leaves, Penny and I shower and head out for lunch and some making out in the neighborhood park. I ask what Penny thinks about adding Jennifer to our lovemaking occasionally. She smiles and says, "I'd rather add Karen."

I'm surprised that Penny might have a thing for Karen. But Karen is hot so I don't mind.

Eve is waiting for us when we get back. We chat with her a while and John Boner arrives at 2pm. I give him the interview and have him strip for pictures. His cock is huge flaccid. Both women are looking hard at it. Penny starts to shake her head. Eve is licking her lips.

I say "Okay, let's get both of you naked and fucking. Eve...." Eve pulls her clothes off and is on her knees quickly. She's trying to suck that monster. Soon she's got him hard. I have Penny measure it and he's a little over 13" hard. 

Boner says, "Am I going to get to fuck this beauty?" Penny is shaking her head 'no'.

I say, "No way. This is my girlfriend and business partner. She doesn't want anything to do with cocks bigger than mine which is a little over 7" long." John doesn't look happy but Eve pulls him over to the couch and lays down with her legs spread. 

I say, "Go down on her, John. She's got to be really juicy to take that thing." He goes to work and soon Eve is moaning. 

After five minutes, she's has an orgasm and John breaks out a magnum condom and rolls it on. He starts to work it into her. It takes a while but gets most of it in. He then starts to pound her. She squeals when he picks up speed and says, "God, that feels huge but awesome. Fuck me stud."

He fucks her for ten minutes and through four more orgasms and he then pulls out. Eve jumps off the couch and kneels in front of him. He's jacking off and soon starts to cum on her face and tongue. I'm sure they are going to want John out in California.

I give John the $100 and he's soon on his way. I tell Eve to clean up. When she comes back out of the bathroom, I hand her $500 and she smiles. "Thanks Brad. Can I use this." I give her the news that I'm going to be bringing in another tester for the more normal guys. She's not happy but says she understands. I'll let her do anyone over 8 inches or someone very thick.

She dresses and we both thank her and she leaves.

Penny and I sit down and talk about that sex tape. She can't believe any woman could take that monster. I'm a little surprised how easily she took it too. 

That night we settle down in bed and I ask Penny to get on top tonight. I'm a little tired for some reason but we get it done. Penny is worried about me. I tell her I just probably need a vacation. It's been a while. A beach sounds so good right now but you can't break away when you are trying to get a new business up and running. I've been working on this corporation for so long now I haven't taken a vacation is over three years.

Wednesday.

We take some time alone together this morning. We call Karen and tell her to monitor the office and we'll be in after lunch. We don't have sex, just cuddling. We head into work after having lunch together. I'm feeling a little better rested.

Ruth Shoemaker comes in early and I sign her to a contract. She is going to be Stan's fuck buddy for his sex tape. Ruth is looking really good. A white blouse and a black pencil skirt with black high heels. Stan Lumpkin arrives at 1:50pm. I introduce myself, Penny and Ruth. I tell Stan that Ruth is going to help with his tape. Stan instantly has got a big smile on his face. We tell him to get naked and then we do the interview. Stan is average size for a white guy or maybe slightly larger. He looks pretty good physically. After the interview portion, Ruth kicks off her shoes and starts to dance in front of Stan. She starts to slowly remove her clothes. By the time she's naked, Stan has a boner and so do I. She continues to dance and gives him a hot lap dance. She looks at me and I smile at her.

Soon Ruth starts to suck Stan's cock. He leans his head back on the couch to enjoy it. After a few minutes, she stops and lays down on the couch. She says, "Come on, honey, eat this juicy pussy." Stan is on that in no time. He brings her to two orgasms and then grabs the condom. Soon he is pounding away into her. She looks like she's really enjoying it or she's a very good actress.

Stan brings Ruth to three more orgasms and then pulls out. Ruth jumps off the couch and kneels before him. He starts to shoot cum on her face. All in all a good tape.

While Ruth cleans up, I tell Stan about the production company and that we have a story in development that will be an orgy film and we are going to need males. He asks me what he'll make and I tell him $300 per fuck. He says he's in. I hand him the $100 for today. He's surprised.

Stan says he has some buddies that might be interested in interviewing and getting paid for fucking. I tell him we need both men and women.

He dresses and leaves after thanking us.

Ruth comes out and sits down naked. I walk over and hand her $500. I thank her for coming in and ask if she'd like to be the permanent male tester. She agrees. She soon dresses and leaves.

Later that night after we've make love, Penny and I lay in bed and talk about the company. I tell her I think we should hire a manager to keep things going while we take a vacation. I'm thinking a $100,000 salary. She agrees and says she can't wait to take a vacation with me. We're about ready to film both the original script soon and BDSM movie in a couple of weeks and need to come up with title for the latter. It's about a man called Caleb Black and his poor maid, Suzan Lopez. I first thought "Fifty Shades of Black" but black is black. No shades. Penny says, "How about 'Claiming the Maid'?"

"I kind of like that. Let's at least use that as a working title."

Thursday. 

Thursday is a day to finish all the audition tapes. It's a long boring day but we both end up kind of horny after watching all those tapes. As I'm finishing up the last tape, Penny crawls between my legs, unzips my pants and pulls my cock out. She starts to lick and suck it. It's hard in no time and she starts trying to deep-throat me. God!! She's not doing too badly today.

I grab her after a couple of minutes of deep-throating, pull her clothes off and push her down on the couch. She smiles and the legs fly open. I'm on it in seconds, licking, sucking and pulling those pussy lips with my lips. I bring her to her first orgasm the second I capture her clit and suck it into my mouth. Her back arches off the couch and she screams. I keep at it until she cums again. Then slip into her. 

I start to move and she says, "Wait, honey. Shove it in all the way and just hold it there for a while. I love feeling it in there. I can feel your pulse from your cock. I love this."

I do as she asks for a minute and then start to move again. We make love slow and easy for fifteen minutes. She cums about every 90 seconds. By the last orgasm, she's begging me to cum. I finally release into her vagina and she screams and arches her back again. 

When we're done, we take a shower together and she sucks me off in the shower because, "You gave me so many hard orgasms, I owe you."

After we're done, I finish the last tape and box them all up. Then it's off to the post office and home.

To be continued.....