 My first longer story and one that takes time to build. I'd call it Chapter 1 as I have more to come from this. Some of it is real, some is fiction, the locations are real. No editor used, but if there is one out there willing to help, please get in touch.

*****

The gentle rocking of the boat was always something I'd enjoyed. Lying back in my bed, the early morning sun was casting bands of light and dark across the cabin and the gentle rise and fall of the swell kept me in a semi asleep state. I'd been anchored in the cove for the last week, enjoying the solitude of it. 

High season in Ibiza sees the population triple in size and while I desperately loved the island, I hated the chaos that high summer brought. Get on a boat though and you control your own world. The craggy north of the island is riven with coves and hidden beaches and having got to know the island well, especially from the sea, I knew this cove had a small rocky beach that no-one liked to come to. 

The hills around it were also devoid of any dwellings, as better vantage points existed and the conservative island government had stopped further development. I was alone, but not abandoned. A 200m swim into the beach, and a mile walk took me into Portinatx, a family holiday resort, where I could go to bars or buy some essentials. For a bigger shop, I took the small inflatable to the shore. 

The last week had been bliss. Warm sun, fresh fish, cool sea and solitude. I'd sold my business a few months before and after 10 years of hard work, I needed the break and was finding it here. I'd sold up in the UK, bought the Manhattan and sailed from Southampton to Ibiza. The boat was really too big for my need but I wanted something that gave me space and comfort without feeling like I was in a caravan. 

It had cost me just under a million to buy as it was an ex demonstrator with a couple of hundred hours on the clock. What appealed more was it came already kitted out and I hadn't had to spend anything extra. I'm lazy like that. The 1800 or so nautical miles had taken me 6 days at a leisurely 15 knots, but also cost me over £20k in fuel and another few k in mooring fees. Still, I was earning that in a week with my new found wealth sitting in my bank account.

I lay looking at the ceiling. The main cabin had a double bed laid out in gold and purple linen and satin. The furnishings were a light chocolate in colour and the whole place was decadent but not too masculine. Outside I could hear the soft lapping of the waves against the hull and the open port hole window allowed a small breeze to slip through the cabin. Then something changed. 

A heavier splashing sound but no change in the motion of the boat. Again it repeated and gradually became more recognisable as someone swimming round the hull. Nothing for it, I went to investigate, partly to ensure it wasn't a thief and partly for safety. A sudden movement by a freak wave and the swimmer could be knocked unconscious. I got out of bed and went up to the main deck to look.

I grabbed my shorts and quickly pulled them on. Leaving the cabin in made my way through the galley-cum-dining room and up the stairs to the main deck. The cruiser had a retractable roof which for now was closed making a lounge area and main cockpit. Remnants of last night's meal and drink were scattered around. The wine glass still had the dregs of the Rioja I'd drank and the plate still had the crumbs from the bread I'd had with various Spanish sausage cuts and some homemade ali oli, the Spanish garlic mayonnaise. 

The sun was well up now and the lounge was very warm as the sun shone down on the darkened glass roof. I pulled back the door and a cooler air hit me and refreshed me. The rear deck allowed access to the sea and was ringed by a number of sofas. Leaning over the port side I couldn't see anything, and on the starboard a female face looked in surprise as I leant out. 

"Hola, buenas dias". I said.

The woman looked to be in her mid-twenties. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail and I could make out a yellow bikini. 

"Errrrr hi" came the reply, "errrr hablo English?"

"As a matter of fact I do. Good morning."

"Hi. Sorry I did think anyone was on board. I just wanted to look as I used to work on the super yachts".

"Well, she's a tad smaller than those, but suits me fine. Would you like to take a break from your swim and come on board? I don't bite, and I'm in need of some breakfast."

"I'm not so sure," she said, "I don't really know you and it's a bit quite round here." All the time she had been treading water looking up at me.

"Listen, swim round to the stern. I will leave a towel there and a bloody sharp knife should you wish to defend yourself. There is a hose and shower head in the port locker. Turn the faucet and fresh water comes through. Rinse yourself off. I ask because the salt plays havoc with the decking. While you do that, I'll rustle up some breakfast. How does that sound?"

"Errrr, I'm not sure."

I stood back, pulled a towel from a locker along with my diving knife and placed them on the table and then headed into the lounge area. Moving to the cockpit I partially retracted the roof to allow air to circulate but still benefit from the shade of the darkened glass. I gathered up last nights dishes and headed to the galley. As I cleaned the dishes, I heard the hum of the pump and was pleased that she had come on board. 

I rummaged around for some fruit juice, melon and bread. I brewed some Earl Grey, collected some plates and cutlery and made my way back up to the lounge carrying everything on a tray. As I came onto the deck, she was stood wrapped in a towel on the stern deck looking out to sea. The sun made the water droplets on her shoulders sparkle and shine. She was a good 9" smaller than me, but curved in all the right ways. I'm not someone who likes the stick thin model look. A woman needs to have hips and a bust.

I stepped on the stern deck and placed the tray on the table. "I hope you don't mind earl grey but it's all I drink tea wise."

"It's fine, I love it."

I sat down on a sofa and poured two cups of tea but suddenly remembered my manners. "Forgive me, I'm Andy or Andrew. I don't mind either. I'm delighted to me you..."

"Emma. I'm Emma."

"Well Emma, welcome aboard. Please sit down and relax."

"What a view. This cove is so tranquil and the view is just amazing."

"Yes, it is. That's why I moored here for a while. To get away, be with my own thoughts and just relax."

"Oh, I'm intruding" she exclaimed.

"Not at all," I reassured her, "I've not had company for a while and I invited you on board, remember?"

"Ah, yes."

We sat and stared at the view. The diving knife was still on the table but seemed untouched. Emma seemed relaxed and had a look on her face than seemed serene. I sipped my tea and allowed the warming sun to heat my body. 

"Why here?" I jumped as Emma turned and asked the question.

"Sorry?"

"Why here? A man on his own on a boat in a remote part of what is a party island. So why here?"

"Short story? I ran a busy back in the UK. High growth, hot sector. Worked all hours and it made me a mint when we sold up. Also cost me my marriage and most of my friends. So I thought, fuck it, let's drop out for a while. That was 3 months ago and I've been in this cove for about 3 weeks. I knew of it from coming here for 10 years or so and always thought if I could live anywhere it would be here. And here I am. What about you? There are few swimmers round here. They tend to stick to the resorts and few people know of the path down to the beach."

"Well," she began. "When I worked on the super yachts Ibiza was a common stop over. I worked on one yacht and Jade Jagger was aboard for a few days. As she lives on the island she brought us to the cove and showed us the path back to the next town. Didn't actually think I would find it again, but I decided to look next time I was in Ibiza, and here I am."

We both lapsed into silence again as well ate the food and just looked at the view. It was a quiet easiness and for the first time in a while I felt content to have company. I glanced across to look at her, still wrapped in her towel. Her hair was blonde but I couldn't tell if it was dyed or not. It was pulled back into a pony tail. Her eyes seemed darker. The towel was pulled tight around her bust and I could tell she had the hour glass figure of a real woman. I'd probably guessed right at twenties. 

A sharper gust of wind reminded me I hadn't yet showered, as the smell of my own body was abruptly wafted towards my nose.

"Listen, please stay. I just need to tidy up and clean myself up. On the forward deck there are some mattresses for sunbathing and in the lounge cabin you'll find the stereo. It's connected to a central hard drive and there is a small super computers worth of music on there. Feel free."

And with that I gathered up the dishes and headed down to the galley and on to the small shower room in my cabin.

As I cleaned myself up, I looked up into the mirror. I'd not shaved for a few weeks and the hair on my chin had developed into a full but unkempt beard. My skin had darkened from my days in Ibiza and I'd lost a few pounds from eating more fresh food and generally not snacking on the go. The reduction in stress in my life had been good to my body in the last few weeks, and I guess the swimming helped. 

Approaching 40, I'd found it hard to keep the weight off as I got older and my work life spiralled into a frenzy of activity. The face and body in the mirror no longer resembled the chubby guy from a few weeks ago. I examined my beard and could see the grey coming through it, another sign of my advancing years. I picked up the trimmer and began to thin out and shape the beard.

The boat swayed and moved as Emma walked down the narrow side deck to the front of the boat. Music started to fill the cabin from the full integrated sound system, a nice bit of George Ezra started up. "My house in Budapest man..." Cheerful sound washed round the cabin and with the sun shining, company on the boat, I felt rather content with life.

I finished up, rinsed off, and stood back to admire the result. Not quite Bradley Cooper, more George Clooney with the grey in my hair, but not a bad look. I stood there naked and thought about the woman up on deck. For the first time in months, I felt a stirring in my loins. That tingle and fire of excitement of wanting somebody, of wanting that closeness. 

My work had made me rich but I'd lost so many other things. My wife upped and left and with our children at 6th Form and Uni, they didn't really have much time for me now. I'd not been with anyone for a long time and this woman I'd known for an hour or so had stirred up forgotten feelings. I went back into the cabin, grabbed some clean shorts and headed back up on to the main deck.

The music had changed from the bluesy George Ezra to a more laid back mellow house. I recognised the mix as one I'd picked up from The Jockey Club down in Ses Salinas. It's a really cool chiringuito at the southern end of Ibiza, just past the famous salt pans. Set in the dunes, the rich, famous and those who want to pose hang out there or at the nearby Sa Trinxa or Malibu. 

The food there is pretty good, and the champagne sangria is like the world's best lemonade, but it's the chilled vibe I like. I can sit there for hours and watch the world go by. I love spotting those people who are trying to be someone or pretending to be richer than they are. They stand out a mile and general make a fool of themselves.

Emma lay on her stomach, stretched out on one of the mattresses. Her left foot was moving along to the beat of the music. Her arms were folded under her head as she used them for a pillow of sorts. Her body was amazing. She was much smaller than me but she curved in all the right places. The bikini hugged her rear and was tied in two bows low on her hips. The top was tied behind her back and neck. I couldn't see any tan lines across her back, even very thin and faint ones. As I stood staring, she opened her eyes and smiled at me.

"Hey, I was just relaxing and dozing. The gentle movement of the boat is rocking me to sleep."

"You looked peaceful," I said "and I didn't want to disturb you."

"So not perving then?" and a stern look crossed her face. I didn't know how to react, I just stood there mouth open until she broke into a big smile and said "Joking!". Her giggle was a beautiful melody and her eyes sparkled as she laughed.

"Oh...oh, yeah, er...yes." I stammered.

"Do you mind if I stay a while longer? I like it here, and if so do you have any sun cream?"

Not sure what to say, I head back inside to find the cream.

I rummaged in one of the lockers and found the cream. Heading back out on deck, I moved to the front of the boat to where Emma lay. While I'd been inside she had undone the straps on her bikini and I was left with the expanse of her back to apply cream to. I squirted some cream onto my hands and rubbed them together. I started at her shoulders, working my hands in tandem to massage the cream into her skin. Down her neck, along the shoulders and then round across the top of her back. 

Emma moaned slightly and on my second circuit i pressed a little harder, giving more of a massage than rubbing in the cream. A further moan from her and I continued to work her shoulders under my hands, enjoying the softness of her body and feeling it react to my touch. I took more cream and worked my hands along her arms before coming back to her back. I worked my hands down her spine and around her waist. Emma kept letting little sighs slip out and I took this as a sign to continue but I needed some reassurance.

"This OK?" I asked.

"Shhhhhh!! Just keep doing that!" came the response. I needed no further encouragement.

I worked my hands up her sides, over her dorsal muscles, past the shoulder blades before coming into the centre and massaging back down the trapezius muscles of the upper back. I repeated the movement but my hands dropped a touch lower down her sides, and with each circuit I dropped them further. On the 5th rotation, my hands brushed against the mounds of her breasts that were being squeezed out sideways as she lay on them. This elicited a gasp from Emma. 

I returned for another rotation, as my hands rose up her sides, she turned ever so slightly causing my left hand to also cup her soft breast. Before I noticed she had rolled back, stopping any further contact, and just a sly smile spreading across her face.

"Legs please".

Obediently i positioned myself to massage her legs. I started with her calves. Her skin was so soft and not a hair in sight. She was either freshly shaven or waxed. I guessed the latter as I couldn't feel any stubble. I took my time with each calf, ensuring all the little knots were taken out and giving them a solid covering of cream. I moved up her legs to the back of her thighs, taking my time to keep moving further up her legs. I was inches away from her bottom, some of which was showing, the rest covered by the material of the bikini bottoms. I kept moving upwards, slowly, ever so slowly, until my hands were just massaging the part of her bottom not covered by the material. 

I worked my hands upwards and outwards, in doing so each stroke pulled her cheek apart. Releasing them allowed the material to be trapped between her cheeks and be pulled into them to make an impromptu thong. Being more devilish, I ran my hands up her thighs, my thumbs running up the insides but stopping well short of her womanhood. Each rotation going a little higher, and higher still, each time her legs opening a little further. Then it happened. My thumbs rode up to touch her womanhood, briefly, causing a huge gasp from Emma. I could feel her heat, sense the smell emanating for this woman, and more importantly a dampness that suggested of her arousal. 

Before I can move for a further rotation, she jumped up and facing away from me, found the side of the boat and dived in. He bikini top lay where it was, but as she faced away from me I couldn't see anything.

"SWIM TIME" she yelled as she diver.

After that I could only see the day clothes that we left on the floor, a a streak of humanity as she dived over the side before surfacing. She swam away from the boat before turning. I couldn't see anything except her head and the wobbly outline of her arms under the water.

"Coming in?" she shouted.

She turned and started to swim away from me, a strong front crawl of someone who has swum many times before. I stepped to the side of the boat and dived into the cool waters, my body feeling refreshed after the heat that had built up from my arousal. Everyone believes salt water stings your eyes. It does for a few seconds, but they soon adjust and I was able to keep under the water as I began my pursuit of her. 

Without goggles though the images were blurry but I could see her a short distance away from me, silhouetted on the surface by the Ibizan sun above her. She was heading for the head land at the end of the cove. Here the rocks levelled out into a small shelf above the sea. I surfaced about a body length behind her and a few strong pulls I got close enough to grab her foot and pull her backwards. This gave me the edge I needed and I raced away to the rocks. 

I climbed up and lay back on the plateau, short of breath after my swim sprint. I closed my eyes as the sun warmed me again, gooseflesh rising and falling with each slight breeze across my wet skin. I heard her climb out of the water, and a wet plop as she sat down on the edge of the rocks.

The minutes drifted by and I must have begun to doze as I warmed up and dried out.

"Such a gorgeous, peaceful view." The words woke me from my nap and I was able to respond quickly "And what about the scenery?". My eyes shot open as a short hard slap hit my leg. ~That's what I was talking about!" she responded. I lifted myself on to my elbows. Emma was sat with her back to me, slightly leaning forwards, looking out to sea, head cocked to one side. Her hair was brown but lightened towards the ends, and she had obviously squeezed it to get rid of the water as it now hung as a thick rope down her back.

"I can see why you chose here. But I can't see why you would want to be on your own. Don't you ever want to share this?" she said as she waved an arm expansively around the horizon. As she did I caught a glimpse of her breast as it jiggled under her movement. As quickly as it was there it was gone.

"Long story, but after years of not having time for me, being at the mercy of the business, beholden to shareholders, stakeholders, customers and more, I needed time to think and just enjoy being me. I guess this place gives me that. And I am sharing it, right now." 

I sat up and shuffled over to her. I placed my legs either side of her and pressed my chest to her back. I moved my head to whisper into her left ear as I described the area around us. 

"Where we are now, is right up in the north of the island and the cover is known as Calo de Ponent. In front of us, away over the horizon is the Spanish mainland, and you would be somewhere west of Barcelona, around Salou area. To our east is the southern tip of Majorca, and somewhere just under North East would be the resort of Magaluf. Keep sailing round this head land and you would come down past Es Cana, Santa Eulalia, Roca Llisa and then into Ibiza Town." 

As I spoke I placed my arms around her waist. Her hands rested on my forearms. 

"And away to the west is the beautiful Valencia. Its mix of old Spanish and Moorish architecture, contrasts against the ultra-modern."

As she looked away to the horizon, I pulled my head back to look at her. Those eyes were like a blue sky, but so deep that I felt my soul being examined. I brought my hand up to her cheek and pulled her in to kiss her. Her lips parted and her tongue flicked into my mouth. The deeper we kissed the more aroused I became and pulled her closer to me. Emma turned and straddled my legs, her breasts pressing to my chest. I could feel the hard points of her nipples rubbing against the soft fuzz of my chest hair. I broke the kiss and moved to kiss her neck. 
