 "My God, it’s so hot," she said.

We were lying on the bed, both naked, unable to sleep because of the summer heat.

"What about a cold shower?" I asked.

"I can’t move," she answered.

"You want some ice?

"You would? I love you," she said, giving me a kiss.

"Hum...more," I asked, stretching out my lips.

"After," she said with a mysterious smile.

I rushed to the kitchen, opened the freezer and pulled out an ice cube tray. Freezing my hands, I ran back to the bedroom and put the tray on my baby’s belly.

"How!!" She screamed, "You, son of a...

"A kiss?" I asked.

"Kiss that!"

She jumped at my throat and nailed me to the bed. I fought her a little but the heat had reason of our strengths. We parted, sweating and panting.

I looked for the tray. It was still on the bed but almost empty. I gathered the ice cubes and put them back in their place, keeping one into my hand. Holding it up over my baby, I let the melting ice drip onto her face. Eyes closed, she enjoyed the gentle rain. Opening her mouth, she caught the droplets with the tip of her tongue. I lowered the cube and ran it along her lips. She sucked it up from my fingers and let it peak out from her mouth. I bent down and joined my lips to hers, sucking the ice at the same time. We both drank the cold water until there was nothing to drink except our own but we didn’t stopped there. We started foundling each other. We were hot but when I touched her with my cool hand, she giggled.

"Hoo! You’re freezing.

"Sorry.

"Don’t, it feels good."

I resumed caressing her flanks until my hands got warm and sweaty again. I reached for the tray and picked up another ice cube. Slowly, I approached her neck. I allowed a drop or two to fall before applying the ice on her skin. She first trembled before uttering a sigh. I followed the curves of her face and went down to her shoulders and lower. I circled her breasts, getting closer and closer to her nipples. The water dripping from her glistening bust was wetting the mattress. I stopped my motion a second and slowly pressed the ice cube on her tit. She took a deep breath as it hardened under the stinging cold. I put the cube into my mouth and stuck it in my cheek like a guinea pig eating sunflower. I took her tit between my lips and sucked and licked, warming it up, softening it. When it was supple again, I bit on the ice cube, stuck it out and poured the cold shower again. She let me use another cube on her other nipple before begging me.

"I want you. Now."

But I was not through yet. Using another cube, I refreshed her belly and went down on her legs. She was totally relaxed and I thought for a second that she might fall asleep. But the way her hips moved when I reached her inner thighs told me she wasn’t. She stretched her arms and spread her legs, allowing me to keep on. I combed her hair with the ice, uncovering her vulvae. The caress of the ice, running up and down the sides of her sex, quicken her shivers and her intimacy bloomed like a flower in the sun, revealing her inner petals. Using the cube like a brush, I carefully explored every inch of them, gently poking her clit, taking little screams out of her. I watched the result of my work. Her pink flesh was shining as though crystallised. I bit into her offered passion fruit and she cried out loud as if the cold had rendered her nerves more sensitive. I swallowed her fleshy inner lips, I licked her clit, I drank her liquid fire, turning her into a sex addict, begging for more and wanting to make me scream too.

In my position, she had direct access to my dick she was stroking harder as her blood pressure was rising. Looking for a way to tease me, she grabbed two or three ice cubes and bit them, keeping the crushed ice into her mouth. Then, she slowly inserted my pole into that frozen cavern. The cold bite mixed with her warm tongue caress made me moan and for a minute I forgot her pussy. She could swallow all the water of the melting cubes and a cool shower leaked from her lips and poured down on my balls, increasing my pleasure.

So turned on, I wanted to give her more and I plunged my tongue into her vagina. She twisted as though she couldn’t stand it. She started pumping my dick, the ice scratching it, and the game became who would make the other come as we got more and more excited.

We agreed on a draw when she ran out of ice and asked for a more serious business once more. I was eager too but there was still something I wanted to do. Taking another cube in my mouth, I started ice-fucking her, using it instead of my tongue. I pushed the cube into her vagina and sucked it out, repeating the process until it was too small. Then, I used my finger to push it all the way inside her.

"Encore," she said, "it’s so good..."

Happy to please her, I used the last cubes - 4 or 5 of them - and filled her vagina with them. Not allowing them to melt completely, I laid down on her and made my way through the ice. The hot and cold sensation was intense and we both moaned and kissed fiercely. I started moving slowly. With every stroke, her vagina was overflowing, projecting water on the bed, dripping between her ass. Intimately massaged by the cubes, we both lost control and we grabbed each other’s ass to increase our tempo. No more gentle moves, only clapping wet bodies, grunts and screams.

With so much lubrication, I couldn’t bother about stamina. Only exhaustion could have made me stop pumping. It’s finally the cool fountain that got exhausted and a more familiar sensation took its place. My baby was giving the lemon-squeezer work, tightening her love muscles around my rod. She knew I couldn’t resist this treatment for long and, in a few minutes time, I filled her cavern with my hot waters, screaming out loud.

Without letting me catch my breath, she rolled on top of me and rode me wildly, bringing her to orgasm that she too cried out.

"I love you," I whispered.

"I love you too," she panted back.

"You’re hot.

"You too.

"You want some ice?"