 This was written for my friend who is Dutch. Does anyone know the word for penis in Dutch? 

We are somewhere hot. You may choose- Hawaii, Jamaica, Aruba, Bahamas or somewhere in Asia. It really doesn't matter because we are inside. But it is hot inside and outside. I'm not sure why we don't have AC but- on with the story.

We've met on one of your much-needed R & R excursions. This is our last night together. We've had a fantastic time. Lots of laughing, good wine, great food and lots of incredible sex. The best you've ever had (this is my fantasy, too you know). 

You are already naked. (Big surprise) I'm still dressed. I' m wearing a long white, very sheer dress. I'm

bending over putting things into my suitcase. I look over my shoulder and you are looking at me and of course- you have a very impatient looking erection. (What is a Dutch slang word for erect penis?)

Wim, I say- What are you doing? 

You laugh that wonderful laugh and say- just enjoying the view.

Why is it when I am bent over something you always get a boner? I'll have to send you a picture of my butt to remind you who I am- you won't remember my face only my posterior.

Didn't you say you wanted me to get excited whenever I think about you?-you ask.

Yep- I guess I did, I say with a smile. But that was when I was separated by a body of water and didn't have to wrestle that snake every time he raised his head.

Are you complaining? You say as you begin to touch yourself.

You know that always makes me exceedingly hot-I love to watch you stroke yourself. Ok enough packing- I say and move toward you, dropping the straps on my dress as I approach the bed.

Wait- you say. 

You don't want me to get undressed? I say. Did I miss something? - I'm wet, your hard that usually equals Boom Boom.

I didn't say stop-you say- I just said wait. I want you to take it off slowly.

OK-that's the Wim I know and love. I say- over the head or off the shoulders? 

Over the head- you say- breathing a little bit harder.

I'll lead with my best side -I say- as I turn my back to you.

I begin slowly pulling my dress up revealing my ankles, calves, backs of my knees and when it gets to right below my cheeks, I stop.

I didn't say stop- you groan. Keep going. You are getting a pretty good rhythm going with your hand, I notice. 

I close my eyes listening to your breathing, imagining your hand around your ________(you haven't given me a word.) Thinking about what you feel like, smell like, taste like. I'm probably more anxious than you are for this to proceed. I have been insatiable on this trip. Sometimes we were so hot we didn't even bother to undress. We had long afternoons of slow lovemaking and fast hard quickies. I went down on you in the back of a taxi. But it is my last night, maybe the last time period. I want to make a memory.

I reach down with my hands and cup my cheeks. I'm wearing tiny white panties. Bending over I say. Is this what you are so anxious to see.

Yes, stop teasing- you call out to me.

Too bad I say and drop my dress.

Hey – you begin

But I turn around and come to you.

I kiss you all over your face- playfully. Hey Wimmer- since it is sooooooooooo hot, want to play a game with ice.

I can see I have your attention.

What kind of game- you say-you are still wanking but your brain is engaged.

Well, we each take an ice cube and we sit face to face-my legs over yours-close enough so we can touch each other- I say.

And -you say

And then- I say- one person gets to rub the ice cube on any part of the other person's body but after you make it cold you have to warm it up- with your mouth. You can only touch with the ice and your mouth. I could see you weren't that enthused about the idea of me turning your Willie into a Popsicle. But you were also thinking about what you might do to me. 

I leaned over and took you into my mouth -you moaned and arched up- one hand on my head. The other 

reaching for my breast. I ducked from under your hand, releasing you from my mouth but holding you in my hand I said- I think you'll like it and I know it will make me come like a volcano.

Let the game begin- you said-then tried to make me stroke you by moving your hips up and down.

Cheater- I say. Sweet, sweet cheater. I leaned over to kiss your mouth very softly. Hmmm. I began to moan. Stroking you slowly. You pull me in closer.

I pull away, releasing you- The game-I say. Let's play. I'll get the ice.

I grab a bowl full of ice cubes and pulled my dress off over my head. I walked towards the bed. I watch you watch me and I became even more excited. I know I am dripping. I began to sit on you -you say- aren't you going to take off the rest of your clothes?

Nope- thought I'd let you do it- I say as I lean over lick your lips and gave a quick gentle bite to your lower lip.

You look at me and shake your head. Who goes first?-you ask.

Ladies first I say- reaching for the ice. I look at you for a moment deciding my strategy. I hold it in my hand- lick it with my tongue, put it in my mouth and suck noisily on it. I can never get enough of kissing you, touching you. I think- This should be fun. My first move- I rub the ice cube down the inside of your arm from your shoulder to the palm of your hand and up to the tip of your middle finger. As the ice melts I follow it with my tongue catching the water, licking and sucking the skin until I reach your palm. I gently kiss the palm of your hand very softly and tenderly. Then I lick up to the tip of your middle finger and slowly suck it into my mouth, in and out in and out, then stick your entire finger into my mouth until it slides down my throat. Then I slowly slide it out. I can see you like it. Ummmmmm. All of this oral action is making me hot, hot hot. Can't wait for my turn, again.

You take a piece of ice- I'm betting your going straight to the sex organs- but you fool me and run it down the side of my neck. Your mouth feels like fire and I moan and reach for you.

Tsk Tsk- naughty girl -you say. No touching without the ice cube.

You are enjoying this I say.

You just give me that smile.

I think to myself- I'm going to make him beg like a dog before this night is over.

My turn. I turn around and move toward your feet. This of course puts me kneeling in front of you giving you a view of my panty-clad buns. I even wiggle my ass slightly as I move into position. The better to tease you-I think. This time I take the ice cube and run it behind your knee and down your leg, over the bottom of your foot to your big toe. The ice is melting faster and I'm making wet slurping sounds as I'm licking behind your leg. You moan when I lick the back of your knee. I tickle the bottom of your foot with my tongue and the spin around to face you- I slowly insert your big toe into my mouth – my eyes locked with yours the entire time. I then begin to lick and suck your toe as if I was going down on you. I stick my tongue between your toes- cheating I know- didn't put the ice there. You watch as my tongue slides between your toes. I rub your foot slowly over by nipple- you can feel it get hard even though I still have on a bra. Your turn-I say.

I fully expect that to be - game over- panties ripped off, me on my back with legs up in the air.

But you continue to surprise me.

You draw a line from my chin down the middle of my chest stopping at my bra. Then you did the most amazingly erotic thing. You tilted my face up and then followed the path of the ice with your tongue. Your face was between my breast but you weren't touching my breasts. I really wanted you to touch me. I wanted you to rip off my bra and suck on my nipples – which were so hard they were poking through the material. But you didn't –you sucked the skin between your teeth and then gave me one soft kiss –then sat up.

Ok- I thought, you want to play hard ball. Let's up the ante, Tricky.

For my next move I think, I will make a grown man weep. I smile.

What are you smiling about-you ask.

Oh nothing -I say.

I take a fresh piece of ice. Lick it suggestively- your eyes blazing with lust followed every lick. My tongue swirls and makes designs over the surface. Then I draw a circle around your right nipple and I lick around it- not quite touching it. Then I draw a line to the left nipple and circled that with the ice. Your breathing had really picked up with this move. I took the ice and very slowly rubbed it over the your right nipple and then immediately captured it in my mouth. AGGGGGGGG you said. Ha- I thought one more to go. Your eyes are shut.

Open your eyes- I say. I take my time approaching the other nipple with the ice. Truth is I want to stick some part of you into some part of me and at this juncture-doesn't much matter what- fingers, tongue penis, but I can't let you know that- so still holding you with my eyes, I rub the ice on your nipple. Then I lick softly, quickly back and forth before I suck it into my hot, wet mouth. You hands grab the sheet and you moan very deeply. 

I'm still in my underwear. But I figure you are about ready to go for the gold- you've been hard for about 20 minutes. You reach down and begin to rub the ice over my clit wetting my panties. My eyes flutter closed. Um that feels really ughhhh good- I gasp out. You grab my legs and up end me. Wrapping my legs around your neck you begin to suck my clit through my panties. I am twisting and turning trying to remove the barrier hoping you will atleast pull them to the side. Put your tongue skin to skin. But you don't- and you know you are torturing me-driving me crazy- beating me at my own game.

You slowly lower my legs.

I get up on my knees and rub the ice over you lips and into your mouth. I run my tongue over your lips-licking the moisture, tasting myself. I put the tip of my tongue in the corner of your mouth, run it slowly along the inside of your lip and then suck softly on your bottom lip. I suck your lips softly and stick my tongue into your mouth the way it feels when you go down on me. I stab my tongue in-wiggle it against yours. I stab again until I'm sure you understand what I'm doing- Then I give very tiny soft kisses to each inch of your mouth.

Turn over you say. I stretch out on my stomach. You sit there without touching me. I guess deciding what you are going to do. You begin to rub the ice across my shoulders, your lips and tongue following close behind. You are painting my back with the ice and your tongue and I'm moaning non-stop. I can't believe how wonderful it feels. Sometimes when you lean over me your_____ slides across my leg, or cheek. I arch up against it to feel how hot and hard you are.

My turn, I say turning over. I tell you to sit with your back against the headboard. Then I take the ice cube and rub it along your thigh. I lick, kiss and bite the path the ice has traveled. I rub the ice across your stomach avoiding your_______ . It is so hard, the veins are extended and it is pulsing with a life of it's own. I rub the ice down the other thigh still licking, sucking and gently biting your skin. I begin to retrace the path only this time I detour to your lovely______. I slowly rub the ice along the shaft, my lips catching the drops of water. I rub it along the head once, twice and then I take all of you down into my steaming, wet, hot mouth in one great swoop. YHGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH you say.

I sit up and wink at you.

You are breathing very hard now. But you have a concentrated look on your face. 

You pull me up until I am standing over you on the bed. Take of those off. You motion to my panties.

You are eye level with my crotch. I slowly peel them down over my hips; they are sticky and wet and leave a trail down my legs as I remove them. I start to sit down again.

You stop me by placing the ice cube between my legs. Spread them-you say. I open my legs. More- you say intently. My stomach is tense. I move my legs farther apart.

You take a small piece of ice and starting at my knee begin to trace a path up the inside of my thigh. You follow the ice by licking and sucking the skin. Sometimes you nibble the inside of my thigh. You then place the ice cube inside of me.

I think- how is he going to get that out. How long does it take an ice cube to melt? You take my hand and motion for me to stretch out on the bed. You move between my legs and begin to suck and lick me as if you are trying to remove the ice with your tongue. You are making loud slurping noises and speaking Dutch. I pull my bra up and rub and roll my nipples. I want to come badly. And I do come- screaming MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.I come arching off the bed grinding into your face. You pin my hands above my head and enter me very slowly. 

I try to bear down but you won't let me move.

Is it cold I ask?

A little you say. But you'll warm up. 

You start to move hitting the spot. Umph, Umph, Umph I say. Harder, give me more.

You do- and I'm raising my hips to meet your thrusts-moving in tight circles

Wim- I gasp out-I want to do it against the wall- standing up.

Please- I'm an old man. You say.

I wrap my legs around you trapping you.

You'll die happy- I say.

The things I do for you... You say. 

I kiss the tip of your nose and we get up. 

I back myself against the wall- you bend down impaling me as I wrap my legs around you. I hold on to your neck as you move me up and down on your _____. I am suspended on your______, held up by the wall and your hands on my ass. The friction rubs my clit against your stomach and I'm coming groaning into your neck. We kiss wetly, tongues licking and lips sucking. I climb down and turn around. I reach behind me until I find your penis; it is wet, pulsing and hard. I caress the head feeling the soft skin, rubbing your wetness around and around; then I guide you into me. I'm leaning with my hands against the wall- you hold my hips and piston yourself forward while pulling me back. I can tell you will not hold out for long now. The thrusts are short, quick, your gasping now- pushing hard. 

Is it good I say? Looking at you over my shoulder.

Yesssssss, you say.

Am I wet? - I ask.

Yessss, sooo wet and sooooo hot!!- You are so close. I can hear it in your breathing. 

Will you think of me when I'm gone- I say?

Ab- so-lute-ly- you grunt out each syllable.

Will you come for me? I say

Oh yessss, yesss, yesssss AHHHHHH. You push and hold, moaning. I feel the contractions. I wait until they stop and you are still. As you slip out I drop to my knees and gently lick all around the head and shaft cleaning you up very softly because I know you will be sensitive now. Then I kiss it very softly. Bye baby – be a good boy and don't talk to strangers.

I stand- have I told you about the shower game, I say. First you spray the water and then... 

"Prettig droom." (what's the plural?)