 How long does it take? Not long. We're on a chairlift in the spring. The snow is firm in the morning. Introduced by friends.

"Like this run?"

"Yeah, just fine. Stay on the groomed until it softens up though."

"Yeah. Sun's over the edge of the ridge now. Won't be long."

You can't stop the sun. By eleven the whole mountain had softened up just right. Run after run right down the middle. Lunch. A pitcher of beer, back when you got three glasses apiece out of a pitcher. This girl's cute. Sunglasses off in the shade. What's sexier than a girl's eyes? Nothing. Nice tits too, down to a tee shirt.

In the afternoon, escape from the sun in the trees. Snow's still firm enough to be reasonable, shadows from the pines lengthening now.

The mountain's clearing off. Parking lot visible way below, half empty of cars. People on their way home. Chairlift's mostly empty too. A few stragglers, then no one at all above or below.

"Patrol will be running their sweep in a while."

"Yeah, but not right away. They wait till later in the spring." I lay back in the chair, face to the sun, thoughtful, dreaming.

"So you think we have an hour?"

"Sure. No problem. And there's places I know they never come by anyway. Trees. Dense trees. Out of the way. And even if we come down after them they'll never know."

"Show me."

We'd kissed on the chair before, just for fun, just for being twenty-two. We kissed again this last chair up, longer, deeper, shifting our bodies to face each other, close, ski tips crossing. My hand slid across her breast, she didn't move. Slid again and kept it there, circling this time. "Mmm," escaping from her lips.

The stand of pines I knew was the time-honored rendezvous spot. Smoking dope in the trees for so many years with our band of crazies. We didn't need any weed, still flying on the beer, and on ourselves. There was a flat area, invisible from anywhere else. Snow had melted away from the trees on the west side, leaving a bed of pine needles, dry enough from the look of it. I pushed on my heel piece to get out of the binding.

"Wait," she said. "I've always wanted to do this. On skis, I mean."

"OK. Thought's crossed my mind too from time to time. The occasional fantasy. And here we are."

She didn't wait. I didn't wait. Tee shirt lifted up, breasts poised and taut. Then she jumped into the deal, faster than I'd thought. Her hands went to my waist, wind pants descending to ankles, I had only boxers underneath. Hard as a rhino's horn.

Neither of us could wait. I just slid her panties aside - they were nothing more than gauze - and was inside her. She said with urgency, "Fuck me," and we fucked. The sun was lower in the sky but still warm. No one was there but us and our pleasure.

When you're twenty-two it's not over. The geometry was a little cumbersome. She'd had to prop herself up a bit on a snowbank to get the best angle. We both wanted more, but our ski-fuck fantasy was a done deal. No need to repeat, the memory was already lodged for all time.

"Let's try the pine needles. It looks like you won't get a wet ass."

"Me?" I said, surprised at first.

"Yeah, you. I got something to show you. Something you'll like."

Wind pants were off, skis resting in the snow. She was naked on top of me, her knees resting on a jacket on one side, on the wind pants on the other.

She is above me, centered. Her eyes are looking straight into mine, lids half-closed by pleasure but still open, a look of challenge thrown in. She knew I'd be slowed down a little for our having just fucked. Her cunt was wet, jism still dripping out. 

Challenge? Doesn't sound like the right word but I could tell she wanted first tracks. Could I push further up into her, raising my pelvis? I could, though she controlled the danse. Every movement from me was met by hers. Her thighs were taut, skier's thighs. She knew right where she wanted to be. The lips of her cunt enclosed just the head of my cock. I wanted more, deeper, but she raised higher every time I pushed up, a perfect sense of placement and timing. Never did I come out but never could I get further either. Pressure from those tight lips held me, my most sensitive inch, firmly within her pussy's grasp.

And always - her eyes unbroken upon me, sending a clear message without speaking: "I know you want more, more of me inside, but I'm the one who decides when."

Then she did decide, or rather just let go the tension in her thighs. Her whole body descended vertically upon me, guided by my cock. Downwards came her hips as I slid deeper. Where would it end? At the very bottom, where she could go no further. She swallowed me up, there was no more of her to come down. Why do they say a man possesses a woman, when everyone knows it's the woman who possesses the man? I felt the tip of my cock press against the far inside.

And always her eyes, searching, finding, keeping me. How long could I last? Only as long as she wanted. She drew herself upwards, massaging me in rhythmic pulses, all the way up to where she held only the tip again. The tip of the iceberg, and there's so much more underneath. Repeated the whole plunge and rise a few times over till I could hold back no more, life force shot strong within her at the deepest center of the deepest plunge. Her eyes acknowledged my coming, opening wider, a smile spreading across her face.

We skied down, loose. Looser than I've ever skied. Patrol didn't see us at all. I went to her house every night for weeks. All that was missing was the snow. But then, all I've ever needed for years now is to close my eyes, and it's winter again.