 There he was, lying naked on his back, on their bed. His wrists bound with silk scarves tethering him securely to the headboard. Completely exposed and helpless in the spot she had left him. His eyes focused on the blades of their bedroom fan which whirled above him. The fan circulates the cool air across his lean, strong, muscular frame. His thoughts returning once more to the most important issue, "Where the fuck was she?" 

He once more tugged on the scarves. They were loose enough to avoid cutting into his skin and tight enough to restrict his movement. He closed his eyes, blocking out the semi-darkness of the room, as he tried to calm himself. And he once more focused his thoughts on the requests she had made of him.

He got himself into this situation because he had decided to grant her fantasy. The one she whispered to him. The one she had been itching to play out with him since they had first become intimate.

This situation was something she was not accustomed. She was more often the one obeying and bending to his will. 

The experience was new to him also. Although he realized and admitted to himself there was something frustrating about being the helpless one. There was also something erotic to the prospect of going along with whatever she was planning. His cock twitched with the realization that he was going to be pleasured by her will. 

He once more strains his eyes peering into the candlelit darkness. His ears pick up the sounds of a soft rustling, an indication of someone approaching. His eyes twinkle with pride as she comes into his line of sight. His lips curl into a delightful smile at seeing her outline in the shadows cast by the candle lit hallway. 

His eyes darken in desire as his gaze quickly appreciates her figure. The groan rumbles in the depth of his throat at the sight of her sexual form. 

Her feminine curves clad in a light blue silky lacy nightie. The fabric clings enticingly in all the right spots to her curvaceous form.

She enters the room.

All he is able to do is lick his lips as he sees the sway of her hips and slight bounce of her tits as she comes closer. His instinct is to take her, to bend her over, to ravish her, to make her scream as he rides her, making her gush all over his cock and balls. With that particular intense desire burning through his thoughts, he tugs on the scarves hoping to break free. He grunts in frustration and he tries again.

She giggles as she watches him tug and pull, "Kinda stuck, aren't ya?" She giggles again.

"This was your plan?", he asks, "Wasn't it?".

Her answer is a slight nod of her head as she approaches and leaves a bowl upon the night table.

His gaze then falls to the bowl. He twists in his bindings attempting to see the contents. He lifts his left eyebrow as he notices the ceramic bowl is filled with ice cubes. "What the hell does she have planned?", he wonders.

"No worries my love. It won't hurt too much." 

He skeptically rolls his eyes.

She sits down on the edge of the bed and grins at him. Reaching towards the bowl, "Besides..." she continues, picking up one cube, holding it between her fingers, and then rotating the cold cube between them, "This is my fantasy and I'm the one in charge." 

She moves to stand beside the bed. Her fingers close over the cube, hand extending over his body. She holds the cube within her palm and watches as the cold droplets drip from her hand and splash along his chest. 

He gasps as the contact of the cold water droplets pierce into his skin and tantalizingly roll off his chest and down along his left side. He writhes.

"And you might enjoy it. So hush." she says playfully. To reassure him of that promise she leans over and traces the tip of her tongue along his lips.

He raises his head to try and capture her lips with his own. The hungry he has for her growing. He tries to invade her mouth with his tongue wanting to tangle it with hers. He grunts in frustration as she pulls back before he got his tongue past her lips.

Her light blue eyes twinkling as she looks at him and waggles her finger at him, "Nuh uh uh! You don't get to do anything you want to do. You do what I say, that is what we agreed on, remember?"

His frustrated growl expresses that he does remember and he is regretting the promise.

Squeezing the cube in the palm of her hand she transforms what is left of the ice cube to water. He watches as the last of the water snakes through her fingers and drips onto his warm skin Her hand now free she rests it at the juncture of his inner left thigh. He groans as she begins to circle his skin with her wet ice-cold fingers.

He gasps and struggles as her cool hand caresses him. 

"And you don't move either unless I tell you too!" she commands.

The tone of her voice one that he has never heard before causes his cock to harden instantly. 

Through her giggle she says, "Okay, let's have some fun."

He watches as she scoops up a few of the cubes and pops them into her mouth.

She clambers up onto the bed. She adjusts to position herself between his legs, settling her ass close to his ankles. She tucks her legs under it. She runs her cold fingers very slowly up his calves to his knees, teasingly circling them. Her caresses seep the cold into his skin. She eventually moves past his knees, molding his thighs into her palms. 

Her eyes pay attention to his facial reactions as she continues to manipulate his thighs to her whims. 

His eyes close partially. His lips slightly part. His nostrils widening as his breathing quickens. 

A quick glance down as his cock gives her a sense of gratification by its reaction. 

The thick solid shaft twitches up off his groin just under his naval. Each twitch causes the weight of his cock to get a little higher off his skin. His last twitch gets the delightful cock almost straight out from his body.

Realizing now she has his full co-operation, she places her hands on the bed next to his hips and leans over him. Her hair falls around her shoulders hiding the evil wicked grin from him that has formed upon her lips.

She flicks her icy tongue across the crown of his cock and she traces it up to the slit. The icy lick collecting the pre-cum that has formed. 

The sensation of her ice-cold tongue against such a sensitive spot was a mixed blessing. It was driving him wild and his patience was growing thin. He attempts once more to pull his hands free from the bindings and determines it futile. He groans. He wants only to place his hands upon her head in order to control how he would fuck her mouth with his rigid cock. 

Turning her head slightly, she gathers her hair pulling it to one side making sure his eyes are on hers as she teasingly licks down one side of his cock and up the other.

"Fuck." he unavailingly whimpers.

The exasperation in his voice makes her smile even more. . She positions her mouth above his cock. Her lips part just wide enough to envelope the tip. He jerks as her cold lips make contact. She lowers her head; her cold lips sliding slowly down his shaft. His fingers clench as the tip of his cock makes contact with the ice cube she had been holding in her mouth. 

"Oh fuck!" passionately erupts from him as he twists and rocks up from the mattress.

She continues to move her lips and mouth downwards. Her cold tongue flicks repeatedly along the flesh of his pulsating shaft. She peeks up at him to see his eyes are open and locked on her and what she is doing. She sees the muscles of his forearms and chest are contracting as he continues to tug on the scarves. 

The headboard moves slightly from his movements.

Keeping her eyes locked on his, she takes his entire length into her mouth. She suckles softly. 

A soft rumble sounding from his throat before he expels the words, "Oh god baby you have no clue how fucking good that feels. Your warm mouth... the cold ice water...fuckkkkkkkkk!"

She drops her eyes from his and closes hers. She concentrates on his cock, feeling the shaft swell and harden in her mouth. She feels his tip press against the back of her throat as she sinks her mouth further down on his cock. She swirls the last of the ice cube over the veins as she attempts to deep throat him.

She forces her throat muscles to relax as she feels his girth stretch her throat and fill it. Her lusty moans being muffled, expressing in those sounds how much she loves sucking on his manhood. She feels her insides warm and her cunt clench as she sinks his entire length deep in her throat and mouth. She knows how wet her cunt is becoming from this act alone.

She takes shallow breaths through her nose as she slides her mouth and lips off of his length. The licks of her tongue caress his cock as she traverses to the tip of his delectable mushroomed crown. She swirls her still ice-cold tongue lovingly along the tip as the last remnants of the ice cube melt away.

She begins a bobbing rhythm with her mouth. An occasional rake of her teeth along his shaft adds a contrast. She can hear his breathing and his moaning increase. She can feel the muscles tense in his legs as her fingers knead his thighs. She feels his cock pulse, swell and throb against her lips and tongue indicating he's going to cum very soon.

She gasps for breath as she removes her mouth from his cock and rims her lips with her tongue. She glances up at him, settling back upon her bent legs, lightly raking her nails down his inner thighs.

He protests loudly by growling. "Fuck, you take me that close and now you going to make me wait? Fuck. Goddamn!" He trashes desperately wanting to break free. His singular desire is to grab a handful of her hair and plunge her mouth back onto his cock allowing his hot cum to spurt deeply in her throat.

She offers no reply and slithers back down between his legs and goes back to teasingly licking around his shaft and balls.

His head falls back onto the pillow unsatisfied and lost to do anything else as the bonds hold. He closes his eyes and tries to control his ragged heavy breathing. 

She reaches for the bowl of ice and slips another cube into her warm mouth. She allows the cube to melt some. She nudges his cock with her nose so the full thickness lies flatly against his undulating groin. She expertly ducks her head under the fullness and begins to flick her tongue along his balls. 

She takes one into her mouth and allows the ice to melt around the circular shape. 

His loud gasp almost bordering on a yowl crashes upon her ears.

Encouraged, she releases the first ball from her icy lips and does the same to the other. 

Accustomed to the sensation he avoids the animalistic cry, but groans nevertheless. His eyes roll upwards in desperate need.

She lifts her head back up swallowing the remainder of the melted ice and smiles at him.

The expression causes him to groan in utter frustration. He concludes she is still far from allowing him to cum. He closes his eyes and pays attention to his senses. His skin is flushed and the sweat, which has accumulated it, had provided no relief in cooling him. The throbs of his cock cause him to growl. He inwardly admits to himself that although he is so very frustrated, he has never before been this aroused.

He takes a moment to look at her and tries to convey in that one very intense look - if free he would grab her and fuck her wildly.

She sees the animal lust mirrored in his eyes and promises, "No worries my love...I am far from being done with you yet."

She grabs more ice and places a few cubes into her mouth and begins to kiss and lick and nibble her way up his body. Eventually she is in position, and she straddles his thighs. Her head bent so that the tendrils of her hair tickle him as they brush up against his abs and chest.

He realizes he's helpless and closes his eyes deciding to let her have her way with him. He takes a very deep breath, awaiting her next attack on his helpless aching body. 

She reaches his nipples with the kisses. She takes a moment to twirl the cube in her mouth and pops it out of her lips. She holds the cold dripping ice steady with her teeth. She applies the tip of the ice to his right nipple.

He inhales a quick breath, holding it. His nipple hardens instantly from the coldness of the cube.

She sucks the cube into her mouth and nips at the hard nub with her teeth. She tugs on the nipple with her teeth.

He hisses his held breath between clenched teeth as he raises his body off the bed once more.

She circles his nipple with her tongue as his body relaxes. She moves her lips over to the other nipple to repeats the process.

She lowers her hips to grind her cunt against his cock. She feels his thickness part and rest between her wet folds. She moves her hips back and forth to tease him further. Meanwhile, she playfully nips at his nipple.

"God, girl!" he grumbles, "If I wasn't tied down..." His voice husky as enjoys her grinding harder against him. "I so want to fuck you right now."

She releases his nipple, now red and hard, from between her teeth. She kisses him softly on the lips, "You will. In time." 

She grins again at him and winks as she stops grinding against him and slides further up his body leaving a trail of her juices along his torso. She continues her journey upwards till she positions her pussy right above his mouth. Looking down at him she commands, "right now I think it's time for you to return the favor." She lowers herself till her wet hot dripping cunt is right above his mouth.

He breathes in her musky scent. He sees her bare wet folds glistening and coated with her pussy juices. He licks his lips before snaking out his tongue to lick up her wet slit. 

She moans and lowers herself a bit more. 

His lips brush against her pussy. His tongue laps up and down her slit.

Her need drives her to lower herself fully onto his mouth. .

His lips now surround her cunt. He licks and plunges his tongue into her hot wet cavern. Her juices already fill his mouth as he swallows and starts to suck. Encouraging her with each swipe of his tongue to cum and flood his mouth.

Suddenly, he feels a cold trickle of water dribble into his mouth from her pussy. He plunges his tongue up into her cunt searching for the cube of ice she hid. He locates it and curls his tongue around the melting shape. He pulls it from her depth and holds it with his teeth. 

He moves his head so he can place the cube against her clit. 

She gasps at the feel of the ice cube against her clit. Her entire body shudders.

He holds the ice there under her clit allowing it to melt against her burning heat. The ice cold water runs down her slit

Her body now begins to quiver above him

He knows she's close. He shifts his mouth back to her cunt. He hears her moans turning to whimpers as she grabs onto the headboard for support. He feverishly begins fucking her cunt with his tongue. He sucks on her pussy lips. He swallows the combination of her warm juices and icy water.

"God" he thinks, "I know she's damn close." He increases the pace and rhythm of his tongue and mouth. He stabs his tongue quick and hard up into her. 

She feels her smooth velvety walls clench and clutch around his penetrating tongue....

She suddenly pulls off of him.

He licks his lips tasting the remains of her juices there. He looks questioningly at her.

She reaches down to untie his hands. Her hair is all tousled. Her flesh is glowing. Her body is trembling and quaking.

She gets on all fours and glances at him over her shoulder. She has a completely wild animal look of lust on her face. 

"I want your cock in my cunt and then in my ass. I want you to fuck me and fuck me hard. Make me cum so hard and don't you dare quit till I'm screaming. Fuck me till I'm begging you to stop. Fuck me now. I need to cum." 

He grins as he reaches over to the bowl of ice. He grabs 4 cubes. He positions himself perfectly behind her. He shoves two cubes quickly into her steaming cunt. They are swiftly sucked to the depths of her pussy as her muscles tighten around them. The cubes are rammed even further into her cunt as his cock plunges in after them. 

"Oh God! Yessssssssss!" he utters through clenched teeth as he feels the cubes begin to melt inside her hot steaming cunt. "So fucking good" 

He places the third cube against her ass hole, slipping just the tip into the tight puckered hole. 

He holds her still with his arm on her hip as she squirms. He waits, allowing the cube to melt some, before pushing it all the way in, watching the icy cold water flow out of her ass as the cube melts entirely. He groans as it drips onto his cock. 

He pushes the fourth cube into her tight ass not letting it melt it all. He then wiggles his finger into her tight hole to hold the cubes in place, pushing them further into her tight hole. He huskily whispers into her ear "Clench that tight ass of yours and hold that cube to keep it in place." He retracts his finger and reaches under the pillow. He withdraws a butt plug. He had hoped to use this on her and now he was going to get his wish. He grips the end of he plug and shoves it into her tight ass, stretching it. He feels the plug butt up against his cock.

She grunts in pleasure at having her two holes filled. She feels her pussy muscles ripple and twitch around his cock. Her ass muscles clamp tightly on the butt plug.

He lays himself over her back, sinking the plug and his cock in deeper. He whispers against her ear, "I bet you didn't expect this, did you?" grinding his hips. Her soft whine and the instant clamp of her cunt around his embedded cock being all the answer he needed. "And now my love as you requested, I will fuck you like you've never been fucked before."

He slides his arm around her waist and grazes the fingers of his other hand across her cheek. He nips at her shoulder blade as he slides his finger across her bottom lip. "And now to fill that other hole of yours." Pressing his finger against her lips, sliding it in and out of her mouth, getting it wet. "I want you to suck on my finger as I fuck your cunt' 

She softly moans as she closes her lips around his finger swirling her tongue around the digit. She bucks back against him as he starts to fuck her pussy with his cock. His every hard thrust shoves the plug deep into her ass. He fucks her faster as she sucks harder on his finger.

She requires no teasing as evidenced by her reactions. He is way past teasing her anyway. She can feel his cock thicken and swell. He can feel her hot juices pool.

He suddenly yanks his finger from her lips. Places both his hands upon her hip and digs his fingers into her skin. He bucks his hips back and forth, thrusting his well-lubed cock in and out of her cunt. He was moving like a man possessed. 

She clutches at the sheets with her fingers as his cock rams deeper and harder and faster into her pussy. She pants for breath as she feels and hears his thighs slap loudly against her ass cheeks. She realizes she's right on the edge.

She screams out his name and clamps down tightly around his cock as her cunt erupts.

He grunts and thrusts in deep, adding his own cum which has been boiling in his balls since she first sucked him hours ago. He groans as her muscles milk his jetting shaft. 

She gasps for needed breath. She moans as her cum continuously gushes out of her cunt running down her legs soaking the bed under them.

She gently rocks back and forth on her hands and knees as the multitude of orgasms roll through her. Each one causing her lips in the form of an O, emitting moans, as she lifts her head and arches her back in response. 

He finally feels her body slump. Her soft whimpers barely being heard. He gently lowers both of them to the bed and pulls her into his arms.

Exhausted and dripping she adjusts her feminine shape into his thighs. She cuddles back into him.
