 I would start by kissing you gently, savoring your lips. As we start kissing more passionately, our hands start to explore each other. I start rubbing your breasts and pinching your nipples. As we begin to explore each other's bodies, we start undressing each other. I remove your top and bra to release your gorgeous breasts. As I start to suck on your breasts, I work my hands down to your perfect ass. I start feeling around and start to lower your pants. You are breathing harder and harder as you get more turned on. 

Now, you are only down to your panties. I start working my fingers around your sweet pussy. You are so wet; your panties are absolutely soaked. While still sucking on your breasts, I ease your panties off of your body. I have complete access to your beautiful pussy. Your body is alive with passion. I begin to work my lips down, kissing your stomach, and now nibbling on your inner thighs. As I begin to lick your pussy, you start to whimper in pleasure. As I lightly lick your clit, you take your breasts in your hands and start to lick on your own nipples.

As you start to get more turned on, I get bolder with my tongue and start to use my fingers, working them in and out of your pussy. You start getting bolder with your breasts, massaging them, licking them, biting them. You are getting closer, and closer to orgasm. I start licking harder and harder on your pussy, lightly biting on your clit. Now, you start screaming that you are going to cum. I start driving 3 fingers in and out of your pussy. You are now absolutely on fire, your pussy is dripping with your juices. You finally go into the throws of your orgasm as I clamp my mouth down on your pussy sucking on your clit while still working my fingers in and out of your pussy. You arch your back, squeeze your nipples and shudder in your first of many orgasms of the night. 

You come down from your orgasm, I lightly lick your juices off of you as I move my face up to I can start kissing your supple lips again. You start licking your own juices off of my lips and face as we start the next part of our night of sex... 

As your licking your juices off of my face, your hands go towards my cock. You start to stroke it as we kiss passionately. You turn me onto my back and start lowering yourself down my body. You kiss then bite my nipples as you still stroke my cock. As your hot breathe starts to descend on my cock, I get a chill up my spine. Without using your hands, you take the head of my cock on your mouth, sucking lightly on the tip. Then, you use your hand to feed my cock into your mouth as you continue to suck on the tip. Now, you start licking up and down the shaft, stroking the tip. Your tongue reaches my balls as a let out a light moan. You realize how much I like having balls sucked and licked. You begin licking with abandon on my balls as you stroke my cock faster and faster. 

I then take my hand and feed the tip of my cock back into your mouth. You try to take as much of it in your mouth as you can, but you start gagging every time you do. I start to feel warmness in my belly and I know that I am going to cum soon. I stop you from trying to deep throat me and just look into your seductive eyes as you continue your assault on my cock. Licking and stroking, I get closer to my own orgasm. I finally can't take it anymore. You take my cock in your hand and stoke feverishly and start sucking on my balls. My orgasm overtakes me as I explode all over your hand and my chest. You continue to lick my balls and shaft until all of my cum is spent. You then take the tip of my cock in your mouth one more time just to tease me. I am so sensitive right after an orgasm.

We take a warm towel and clean off your hands and my chest (you already cleaned my cock). You start to climb up my body kissing along the way as I reach down and feel your ass and pussy. You are soaking wet. I reach over to the nightstand into the box of condoms and pull out the first one for the night...

As I grab for the condom, you reach for my hand and grab it from me and open the package. You take the condom out of the wrapper and put it on the head of my cock. Then, you take your lips around the end of my cock and finish putting the condom on with your lips. Once done, you get off of the bed, turn around, and put your hands on the wall. I get up and stand behind you. I start kissing up and down the nape of your neck. 

As my body touches yours, I feel you start to tremble in anticipation of what I am about to do. You reach back and grab my cock, guiding it towards your pussy. I then take over and rub the head of my cock up and down your wet slit. Your juice is running down your legs. I then slowly push my cock in you until I am all of the way in. You spread your legs a little further apart so you can reach down and feel my balls between your legs. I start pumping my cock in and out of you as I feel your breasts and pinch your nipples. I feel your hand touch my cock as you play with your clit while I am pounding your pussy. 

While I am pounding your pussy, I notice that your legs are starting to sag a little. I then take you and put you on all 4s with your ass at the end of the bed. I then remount you and start pounding with fury. Now, with your chest on the bed on your ass in the air, you can move your hand down and play with your clit and my balls easier. As your playing with my balls, I put my thumb on the entrance to your ass and apply pressure in rhythm to my pounding your pussy. You start moaning that you are going to come again. 

As you are moaning, you begin to push your ass against my finger. I resist a little because you said that you have never had anal. You then push back harder as I continue to pound your pussy. You scream that you are cumming and push back even harder as you work furiously on your clit. As you are about to cum, I stick my thumb into unknown territory and you shutter and scream with orgasm. As your cumming, I feel a warm rush around my crotch. 

I then realize that you just squirted. I continue to pound your pussy leaving my thumb in your ass as you come down from your orgasm. When you finally finish, I take un-mount you and flip you over in the bed. I then kiss up your body starting at your pussy and work my way up to your tits and then your mouth. I then spread your legs further apart so I can fuck you again...

I take your legs and spread them nice and wide. I run my fingers up and down your inner thighs while you shutter from excitement. I then move forward and rub my cock up and down your pussy. I lean forward and kiss your waiting lips and massage your gigantic breasts. You reach down and guide my cock into your pussy. I slowly start pumping my cock in and out or your pussy as I kiss your supple lips. I start gyrating my hips and grinding into yours. I slowly move my cock in and out of your pussy, enjoying every bit of you. 

I kiss up and down your neck, nibbling of your neck. I rock back and forth as you arch your back in ecstasy. I reach down and massage your breasts and bite your nipples. I move them up so you can lick them too. Our tongues fight over licking your nipple and then we start a passionate kiss. 

All of this while I continue to fuck your wanting pussy. I take your legs and lift them up so I can get a pillow under your ass. This angle is great for fucking you deeply. I continue to fuck your body nice and slowly, moving my cock in and out of your pussy. I reach down with both hands and grab your ass. I pull you even closer (if that is even possible). I continue my barrage on your pussy as we continue to kiss, our tongues inter-twined just like our bodies. I start to feel warmth in my stomach as you say that you are about to orgasm for the third time. I start pumping my cock faster and faster until you can hear my balls slapping against your ass. 

You run your fingernails up and down my back as you start orgasm. I take your legs on my shoulders and start pounding as hard as I can as my orgasm takes me as well. You scream my name as you hit the peak of your orgasm while I cum in your fabulous pussy. I slow down the pace as both of orgasms are finally subsiding. We continue to kiss but they are much smaller, delicate kisses.

I finally take my spent cock out of your pussy and we both hear the slurping noise it makes when it comes out. As I fall to your side, we erupt with laughter. We both go to the bathroom to clean up before we start over again. I take the condom off and flush it down the toilet while you get a drink of water. I go back to the bedroom and sit in a chair. You come out of the bathroom and stand in front of me with your gorgeous body completely naked. You bend over to kiss me on my lips as I drink in your body. You sit on my lap with your legs spread eagle over mine. We stare into each other's eyes and start to kiss, my running my hands down your back to your beautiful ass. Your pussy is resting on my still limp cock as we continue to kiss. You start sliding down my body, running light kisses down my chest and stomach until your hot breathe making limp cock start to come back to life...

You engulf my cock in your mouth. You have my entire shaft in your mouth and are licking my balls. I start to grow in your mouth. You take my cock out of your mouth and begin to give me the best blowjob of my life. Licking my shaft, tonguing the head of my cock, and sucking on my balls. Once I am good and hard, you stand up and put a condom on me. You then straddle my body and lower yourself onto my hard, waiting dick. Your pussy is soaking wet as our bodies come together. 

You are completely impaled by my cock as you slowly bounce up and down. We kiss passionately as our bodies become one. I reach around your body and grab your ass. I start to massage your pussy as my cock goes in and out of you. I massage your pussy with one hand and I begin to finger your gorgeous ass with the other. You stop bouncing on my cock and begin to grind your hips into mine. The feeling you are getting on your clit is driving you wild. You break the kiss that feels like it has been going on for days and start to bit on my neck as your next orgasm begins to overtake your body. My hands are exploring your body; our tongues are fighting each other. 

Your orgasm is hitting its peak as you continue to grind your pussy onto my cock and your body shakes uncontrollably. As your orgasm subsides, I keep you impaled on my cock and pick you up and walk over to the bed. I lay you down and climb on to you. I continue to shower you with kisses and I slowly fuck you. Since I know how much you love it from behind, I take my cock out of you and roll you on your side so we are spooning as I put my cock back into your awaiting pussy. 

I begin my final assault on your pussy. I lift your leg up so I can get deeper into your body. As I lick and kiss your neck, you reach down and start to play with your clit. After it seems like we are fucking for hours, we both feel the start of our final climaxes of the evening. I want to look into your eyes as I shoot my load deep into your pussy. I roll you onto your back and enter your pussy again. We begin fuck slowly, looking into each other's eyes. Our bodies are about to explode as we both begin to climax. I grab your legs and lift them as high and spread them as wide as I can. 

I am hitting depths that I haven't hit before. We embrace and kiss as we both orgasm at the same time. We collapse as we are total spent from an evening of exploring each other's bodies. I take off the condom and throw it away and come back to lie next to you. We kiss one last time before we lie down and fall asleep in each other's arms...

I wake up just before dawn and go to the washroom. You are laying there in all of your beauty completely naked with your legs slightly spread. When I come back from the bathroom, you have rolled onto your back. I think about going back to sleep but I see your pussy staring back at me just wanting to be licked. I lie down between your legs and start to slowly lick around your pussy lips, trying to be gentle so I don't wake you just yet. You move your body slightly as I get bolder. 

I start to finger your pussy as you start to moan with pleasure. I'm no longer being gentle as start an all out finger and tongue assault on your aroused pussy. You finally wake up as I start to pinch your nipples. You tell me how much you want to suck on my cock. I am still not finished with your pussy so I lay down on my back. You mount my face while I continue to bring you closer to orgasm. You take my cock deeper than you had the previous night. Your mouth sucking the head and then plunging it deep into your throat. You continue to do this as you play with my balls. 

I feel your body start to shudder as another orgasm starts to hit your body. You take my cock out of your mouth and start to orgasm and I create a vacuum over your clit with my mouth. The feeling starts to become too intense as you beg for me to stop. I love feeling your body shake in orgasm and I continue to suck your clit while I my fingers work over your pussy. 

As you come down from your orgasm, you start to take my cock in your mouth but I stop you. I want to fuck you again. I take you into the bathroom and start the shower. I want to fuck you standing up. I get into the shower behind you and bend you over slightly. I then enter your hot pussy from behind. I start slowly and pick up the pace. I begin to slam into your pussy as you start screaming my name. I grab your ass checks and spread them a little as I fuck you even harder. 

I look down and there is room in the shower for us to be on the ground so I lower us down to the ground and you stay facing away from my and begin to bounce on my cock. I sit up a little and reach around and start to play with your clit yet again. The hot water is covering our bodies, washing away the sweat as soon as it begins to form on us. I stop and turn around face me and re-mount my glistening cock. You have told me that you don't like to be on top but you don't care at this point. 

You just want my cock in your pussy. You begin to rock back and forth as I start to fondle your tits. I love the feel of them. I reach up and bring your face to mine and we begin to kiss again as my cock travels in and out of your pussy. I start to feel my balls to heat up as I know that I am going to cum for the 4th time with you. Your body begins the same familiar shake so I know that you are starting to orgasm as well. I keep kissing you but I grab your hips and start violently thrusting my hips upward to fuck you even faster. Our bodies erupt as we orgasm at the same time again. 

As the come down from our orgasms, we stand up and decide it would probably be a good idea to stay in the shower and get cleaned up. We wash each other and pay special to each other's sex parts. I know that if we continue this way, there is no way that we will leave the room. We rinse off and get out of the shower and dry each other off. We get ready for the day ahead. We leave the room and give each other a kiss for the day. 

I head one way and you head the other knowing that this was the start of something very special.