 Monday afternoon was dark and drizzly. I didn't want to go back to Mike's so I had made other arrangements. Owen's house. 

Owen lived round the corner from me in a really old farmhouse, his father had rebuilt. In one of the old barns his dad had made a den for the kids - a tv, some sofas, dart board, room for Owen's drum kit, and a 1970's Bally pinball table. Being my mate Owen would be good enough to bugger off and leave us alone. The building only had skylights, so I felt we should be safe. 

Jill seemed hesitant when she got in the car, although she leaned towards me saying, "Hi handsome man, pleased to see me?"

"Always, beautiful woman"

She kissed me, a full kiss, and looked in my eyes. "Glad to hear it." she said and sat back to put on her seat-belt as I began to drive.

"You said that like you thought I might not be so happy to see you." I said, "Why would I not be?"

She looked a little timorous again as she said "Well we didn't get to talk yesterday and you seemed a bit off hand, and I thought you were just stressed about parents, and all that f gg when I got home I started thinking about it and I was worried that you were upset by what I said on Saturday."

"What you said on Saturday? Why would I be upset?"

Her voice almost broke, becoming small and throaty, "Because I'm a lezzie."

I laughed, glanced at her shocked and worried face, and had to apologise for laughing. "Darling, one thing you are definitely not, is a lesbian. Ok, you have a wee buzz on about Penny, and you appreciate the beauty and sexual attractiveness of some other girls, but no-one who enjoys riding a man's cock as much as you do, and demands that a man comes in her mouth, is a lesbian."

She was blushing, but still persistent "But I said all those things about other women, and you, you were all turned on by the idea of other girls, and I know that's okay, I mean you are a boy, and should be, but, I was too, and what if I go off you and just want them, and then, and then," she spluttered to a halt.

"Well," I said gently, "if you go off me, I shall be very sad. Of course you might go off me and want another boy instead, and that would also make me sad, but either way, the important bit would be that you have to go off me first. Now ok, I was turned on by you talking about other girls. And I mean I was turned on both by you talking about me being with them, and by you being with them. Don't ask me why, but the idea of watching two beautiful girls playing with each other is very sexy. Maybe because I sort of hope that they will both want me to join in, but even if they didn't, it would be horny. The idea of you and Penny, or any of the other girls, is not in any way disgusting, bad evil or wicked. I could watch you lying naked by yourself all night. With another girl? Two beautiful women with no clothes on? Twice the number of beautiful bits to watch -- it's gotta be good."

She smiled a bit at that, but was still worried. "But wouldn't it be better if you had a girl who wasn't thinking about anyone else, girls or boys? And, well, if you fancy other girls, well, I know boys always do, but maybe one of them fancies you, and well, I know Penny does, and I could tell her I wouldn't mind, or Kim, she hasn't got a boyfriend..."

"Let us leave Penny out of this -- Okay, I do think she would be fun to play with, and so do you, but I don't want her as a girlfriend. And the same goes for Kim, since while she is pretty and fun, I think she is also mad as a hat-stand. Any way does Kim fancy me?"

Jill laughed, a bit. "Well, yes, she is a bit intense isn't she? And yes, I think she does, but she fancies a load of boys."

"And I am sure will sleep with them all, once she realises how much fun it is, but she won't love any of them. So don't try to palm me off on her. Jill, I am delighted to find that you are maybe open to the idea of us sharing another girl, although I also know that it is a fantasy, and things that are fantasy don't always come true, and maybe neither of us really wants them to really happen. Or maybe we do, but anyway, but the point is, I really do want you, love you, think of you, care about you, and want to share everything with you. Its the 'with you' bit that counts."

"Oh Sean, are you sure?"

"Okay, now tell me this. On Saturday you were pretty vehement about truth telling. So I told the truth and so did you. Now I don't have a problem with it. So what is the problem?"

Jill thought about it. Eventually she said "The problem is that you should have a problem. And I should have a problem. I should be jealous, and so should you. Because if we aren't jealous then we don't care. But I do care, and I believe you care. This is hard."

"What if I told you I can be jealous, and it is ok for you to be too?" I said. 

"What do you mean?"

"I think it is natural to be jealous. I think I would feel jealous if I saw you with another boy, or girl. I might feel left out, excluded. But if I knew that I wasn't, that you were with me, and them, that you loved me, and I could see you having good time, I think that jealousy would fade. And maybe I have less of a problem because you were talking about another girl, who I think is also attractive, and you seemed to suggest we would both play with her. I mean, it would maybe be different if you were talking about another guy, and it really would be different if you were talking about going off by yourself with him."

Jill nodded. Then said "What if I said I fancied another guy, and wanted to play with him and you at the same time? Would that be ok? I mean it's a bit like you getting to play with two girls. But not really, I suppose since I would like to play with the girl too, and you wouldn't want to play with the boy."

"Well," I drawled, "firstly, if you really fancied a guy, and I could be there, and he didn't mind, I could play with you at the same time as him, which you might like. And I want to do things that you like, and I like doing things you like. And secondly I know how beautiful your body is and how beautiful you look when you are making love with me, so I think it would be very sexy to watch you doing that from a distance. I would get very turned on by that, I think, and would have to ravish you as soon as it was polite to interrupt. We could take turns. And thirdly, maybe I might like to play with him too, if he was good looking and up for that."

Jill had been nodding in agreement as I made each point, but at the last she gaped. "You serious?"

"Why not? You can see the attractiveness of some girls, I can see how some boys could be interesting. Doesn't make me gay, doesn't make you lesbian."

Jill was silent for a moment, then said "Who?"

"Who?"

"Which boys do you fancy?"

"Ah" I said "well, I haven't really thought about that. I mean I can see how if I was in bed with you and another guy and we were all a bit het up, well if you had been kissing him and kissing me, and well, you never know where it would go. But, before I met you, I did sometimes wonder about sharing a girl with another guy. I have these playing cards I got in Spain on holiday. There are photos of that sort of thing. And I always thought they were interesting."

"So you would like to share me with another boy?"

"Well, I would say it's more like, if you wanted to have another guy with me, as long as I liked the guy and thought he would be nice to you and discrete about it, then, I think we might have a really good time. So yes if you want."

"Oh." she said. Then, after a pause, in a small voice "I don't want. Not now. I used to think some other guys were cute, and fancied them a bit, but I don't think I really knew what it meant to desire someone. Now I have you, what I thought about all those other boys was just girlish crushes. I didn't ever know what a naked man looked like, or what sex was, because I didn't have Spanish playing cards, and how come you never told me about them before?"

I laughed. "I haven't thought about them. But if you want to see them I can dig them out. They are very graphic and some are a bit kinky. I could go round and get them now."

"No need. I am quite horny enough."

"Well, we're here."

Owen did the right thing. He left us, saying "Mum's back at 5.30, be gone, ok?"

Jill kissed me. A short peck, a second go, a little longer, a third soft and long, a fourth deep and intimate. 

She sighed and said "You must think I'm an idiot. I do worry too much. It's not that I don't have faith in you, it's that I don't really believe that someone as lovely as you could want me."

"I want you. I want you right now, naked, and I will want you in forty years time, naked, and everyday in between, naked. There is only one problem."

She looked almost frightened by that last remark "What is the problem?"

"You aren't naked." I said. 

She hit me, and then said, "No problem."

She took off her clothes efficiently and quickly, dropping her coat and blazer together, undoing her skirt as she puled her feet from her shoes, pushing down skirt, tights and underpants in one movement, standing up to undo her collar and tie and cuffs, reaching up her back to undo her bra, and then pulling the lot off over her head. Less than a minute, from fully dressed respectable schoolgirl in uniform, to pouting, naked, erect-nippled, teenage vixen, ready for anything. She made that one foot in front of the other, hand on hip and hand on head pose so beloved of soft porn photographers, and the men who look at their pictures, and said "Problem solved. Ok?"

"Not just ok. Very good indeed." I said. 

"But now I have a problem" she said, bending to lift her bag. "The sofa over there is a 'naked people only' sofa, and you are wearing far too many clothes to be allowed on it. So unless you come up with a solution to this problem, I will just have to lie on it all by myself."

She walked away from me, with a very slow sexy wiggly walk on tiptoe. From the bag she pulled a towel, and then she bent over from the waist to arrange it on the cushions. Her tight round bottom was pointed straight at me, and there was just a hint of hair showing between her thighs. I enjoyed the view. 

She spun round and dropped onto the sofa, languorously leaning back, lifting a leg and twisting so she could lie down with her legs bent and open, her hand covering her bush and pussy lips, her other hand across her breasts, covering both nipples. She looked at me with a raised eyebrow, and said "Oh dear, you are still dressed. So I will have to lie here by myself. I wonder what I can do all on my own, in the nude?"

She began to move her hands, subtly, gently, running and squeezing her breast, and her pussy. She closed her eyes for a few moments, and flexed her body into a more comfortable position. Her cheeks began to redden, and her nipples stood up. 

When she opened her eyes I had taken off my blazer and scarf, and put them on the back of a chair. I had also lifted her coat and blazer from the floor and was hanging them as well. I looked into her eyes as I began to loosen my tie, and she smiled, and then she opened her legs wider, drawing up her knees, and I saw her push her middle finger into herself, and begin to dip it in and out. 

I watched her finger as I unbuttoned my shirt. Her hand was still cupped over her bush, the other fingers covering her labia, so only a tiny glimpse of her pussy was given when the middle finger withdrew. It was glistening wet up to the second knuckle. 

When I took off my shirt I put it on the chair as well, and stooped to pick up her blouse and jumper. I draped them with mine, and turned to drop to a crouch to undo my shoe laces. I was nearly on eye level with her body on the sofa, and Jill took that as a cue to lift a leg higher, and slide her hand up, revealing her pussy to me. 

She gently started rubbing her finger around the top of her slit, then into it to find her clitoris. After a few strokes straight up and down, dragging some moisture from her opening up to the hooded clit, she began rubbing from side to side. By the time I had my second shoe off she was rapidly frigging herself, and panting a little. 

I was about to stand up, having slipped my socks off, when she suddenly stretched out straight, clamping her thighs together, with just one finger poking down into the cleft between them. She was rigid, with her eyes tight shut and not breathing, and I realised that she had nearly come, but was trying not to go over the edge. 

I reached to lift her discarded skirt and underwear, and noticed that the crotch of her pants was soaked. She had been turned on earlier. Very turned on. I wondered if she had been frigging herself in school. I lifted them to my nose and inhaled her scent, a soft muskiness that connected straight to my hindbrain, and my already stiffening cock was almost painfully trapped in my underpants.

She relaxed again, and looked at me. I smiled, as I placed her skirt on the chair, and began to undo my belt. She smiled back, and again opened her legs, slowly running two fingers down her slit, parting the lips, spreading herself for my view, and then bringing them up to jiggle them on her clitoris again. She was pinching her own nipple, rubbing it between finger and thumb, and made a low grunt noise, just as I stepped out of my trousers. My cock was making a tent out of my pants. I stepped toward her, and pulled the underpants down, letting my cock free to spring out in front of me. She made a small noise, which I took to be appreciation, but didn't say anything, and closed her eyes again as she continued masturbating. I went down on my knees to look more closely at her fingers and her pussy.

"Pretty, pretty thing." I murmured "I want to see you come, pretty thing, make yourself come for me."

She looked at me and gasped "I want your cock"

"Come for me first. I want to see what you do to make yourself come, then you can have my cock." She groaned, and her head went back. Her back arched, and she lifted her bottom off the sofa. She was pinching and pulling at her nipples much harder than I would have thought to do, but then she let go of them and moved that hand down below her, bringing her fingers round from beneath to rub her pussy lips and then penetrating herself, two fingers in her pussy, wriggling them in the opening as she thrashed her clitoris in a fast fanning motion with the other hand. She grunted with each breath, her hips flexed and she almost bounced off the sofa, and then she panted quickly three times before making a little shrieking noise and going utterly still for a second. 

It seemed an eternity, watching this beautiful sculpture of a girl frozen in her ecstasy, one finger pressed to her clitoris, the rest of her hand arched so as not to touch herself, her other hand hooked round below her, supporting her and opening her pussy. I held my breath in wonder.

Then suddenly she collapsed, dragging in a huge breath, her limbs all flopping in absolute relaxation.

I let her lie there for only a moment, before placing my hands on her calves and pushed her unresisting legs up in the air. I moved to place my hands on her bottom, and lifted it, rolling her upwards until her feet fell on each side of her head, and her spine was curved, so her pussy was pointing straight up in the air, a few inches from my face. She was wetter than I had ever seen her before, a trickle of her moisture had run out of her pussy and down the cleft between her buttocks, her hair covered lips and the mound above were slick and glistening. In this position I could see inside her, for the first time, her pink passage was slightly open, her inner and outer labia arrayed like petals round an old fashioned rose. I bent to lick her. I started at the base of her spine, cleaning the juices that had run down, kissing each buttock in turn as well. That made her smile and sigh.

I ran my tongue further up, over the curve of her ass, along the spread cleft of her bottom until it flicked over her puckered ass hole. Three swift lapping licks, one on each side, and one across the hole itself, then a tiny darting probe with my tongue tip right on the opening, before swiftly passing on to broadly lick over her perineum. My quick exploration of her ass had brought forth a high pitched "Oh, Oh oh," followed by an longer, lower less shocked and definitely pleasured "Ahh" as I probed her for a moment, and she made a humming "mmmm" as I licked towards the lower edge of her pussy. I noted those sounds, and what they indicated. She had enjoyed that, even if it had surprised her. Interesting. But now I wanted to drink deep.

I ran my tongue into her pussy, going deep, and coming up to lap her delicious honey from her lips and clitoris, sucking the juices from her hair, dragging the rich taste of her from her depths. I wanted it all, and while she sometimes jumped a little and waved her legs around, she kept them open and held herself by the back of her knees to allow me deep access with my mouth and nose to her delicate sweet flesh. 

As I sucked on her clit I looked at her face, flushed and relaxed at the same time. She was at peace. Confident and willing, unworried and utterly present in the moment. I felt privileged to be there. 

Her pussy was now merely wet, and I gently let her down and helped her legs straighten out, and then moved between them, looking down at the open pink folds of her most sacred space as I entered her. She lay with eyes closed, arms above her head, legs parted enough for me to fit between, a long sweep of pale flesh, punctuated by pink nipples and patches of darker hair. I wished I could see her from further away while at the same time being in her. 

It is a pose that has always seemed attractive to me, and I suppose to every other man. A girl with her arms up seems more available, more exposed, and open to advances. Her breasts are pulled up, nipples pointing an ready to be sucked, and the revelation of the armpit, another secret part of the body so rarely seen, is so very personal. The little patch of downy hair, a tell tale sign of sexual maturity, and the soft skin there, just demand to be kissed. 

I lowered myself onto her, arms around her, one hand on the small of her back, the other on her neck, my head bent to nuzzle her just below her ear, my hips finding their own slow and gentle pace. She moved one leg to hook it round mine, and we simply lay there, softly rocking, my cock pulsing inside her. 

Somehow our movements stayed slow and fluid, although I felt the tension rising in me, the pressure and the urge to speed up, to rush to orgasm, I resisted, and rode the edge of that feeling, getting closer and closer, until after what seemed an age I felt the contractions start inside me, and I came in long deep pulses, flooding her with my come, and tingling from head to foot. 

We kissed long and deeply afterwards, until I felt a wave of irresistible lethargy flow over me, and I bent my head again to rest on her soft naked shoulder. 

"I love you Jill Wyatt"

"And I love you, Sean Carver"

I dozed off for a moment, and woke with a start and an apology, but she shushed me and told me it was lovely, and I suppose if she had fallen asleep on me I would have thought the same. 

"While you were sleeping I was thinking. I have just had the most wonderful hour of my life. That was absolutely perfect. I have never felt more loved or in love, more filled and fulfilled, more happy and relaxed. Thank you."

I kissed her again, and said "I have to agree. I never knew it could be so, well, laid back, if you pardon the expression."

She giggled, which felt nice to me, and said "Well I was certainly well laid back."

"Every time is different, and wonderful. I like that."

"Hmm, yes," she said, "and I like that." 

I was by this time running my finger round her nipple. 
