 The doorbell rang and I went to open the door. What faced me was like a scene from some porn-movie. A tall blond beautiful woman best described as a complete babe with perfect curves, wearing a pair of knee-high boots, a long black coat that she wore open revealing that all she had on under it was a short corset that covered neither her plentiful bosom in any way nor her lovely cunt which was crowned only by a thin sliver of hair. My mouth just fell open.

"Wanna fuck?" She asked, no trace of a joke in her face.

"Sure." I mumbled. She came inside directly, no hint of hesitation, and closed and locked the door behind her. Both pushing and leading she got me into the bedroom.

"Sit down." She ordered, pushing me down onto the bed. Barely had I settled myself before her next order came. "Now lick me." She ordered, grabbing my head and shoving my face in between her thighs, holding it forcefully against her clit. I just did as she ordered, licking away and loving it. her juices soon starting to flow. Mixing with my saliva as she started to moan deeply. Licking her slit and clit while grabbing her magnificent ass with my hands, holding it tightly and almost trying to push my face harder against her. She was shuddering, shaking. Like she was almost about to come. Then she did, giving out a powerful moan and shaking like an earthquake against my happy face. It took her a while to settle down again.

"Show me your cock." She ordered, pushing me away and letting her coat fall off of her shoulders. Pulling down my pants I quickly did as she instructed, flaunting my erection before her. She was drooling before her lips made contact. Her teasing tongue soon moving all over my dick, licking it like a cone of ice cream. She teased me onwards for a while, smiling up at me like the naughty girl she was, before engulfing my member as deeply as she could. As if trying to swallow it whole. As if her mouth was her pussy and what I'd just licked and pleased was less important to fill than her throat. She started moving my dick in and out of her mouth, riding me with her mouth, drooling all over my member. I couldn't care less about getting wet.

I felt like I was about to explode when she stopped. Pushing me down again she just smiled at me and soon I had her riding me with her true cunt rather than her mouth, both of us moaning in unison. She bent down, her bosom pressing against my chest, and raped my mouth with her tongue. She'd just been sucking my dick but somehow it felt just right to mash the mouths that had just been at each others' groins together. Her tongue filling my mouth like my member had just filled hers. Digging my fingers into her bum I started to grind against her, up into her. She rose up a bit with a smile, giving me a splendid view of her twin peaks and the valley between them. I just had to kiss and caress them, feel them in my hands and between my fingers as my tongue played on and with her nipples. She dug her fingers into my chest and shoulders. Moaning at me to keep going as we ground our groins together and I feasted on her breasts.

She started riding me harder, faster. Pushing my pulse and pleasure sky high. Smiling at me like the predator she was, baring her teeth as if preparing to tear me to shreds. She lounged at my neck, kissing it at first and then nibbling on it. A bit of pain assured me that she had just left her mark on me. I didn't mind, I'ld gladly let the whole world know that we two were lovers, that we had slept together, fucked each other. Counter-thrusting more and more my own desires were going through the roof. I wanted to push into her quicker, harder. More and more and more.

I wrestled her over on her back, rising up a bit between her legs. Her legs soon crossed around me and her hands on my buttocks as I fucked on. Grinding my groin deeper into hers. Then I knew what I had to do. I helped her over on her side on the bed, still standing above her. Now I could play with that pearl of hers more easily. Sliding a few fingers there until she moaned in response. Playing with her clit, my absolute favourite toy. Well, next to her cunt of course. She caught my neck when I bent down to kiss her, holding me there for a while.

"Take me from behind. Fuck me, now." She ordered looking straight at me. She must've been a mind reader for that had been my plan all along. Lying down behind her and entering from behind, one hand on her clit as I rocked her world. Kissing and nibbling on her neck. She spanked me on my right thigh a couple of times, egging me on. But it's hard to go fast lying down so I helped her up on all fours, holding on to her and staying inside of her. Nothing was going to make me leave her warm comfortable cunt now. Bending forward and pressing myself against her back I reached around and played with her breasts. Growling a bit as the lust filling me up inside made me feel thoroughly animal. Nibbling on her neck, taking love-bites out of her lovely neck.

Rising up and taking a good hold on her hips, pulling her towards me as I thrust inside of her. Again and again. Like a beast in heat. Just grinding and thrusting and fucking. Sliding a hand around to her clit, her fuck-button. Making her moan, watching her grip and bite the sheets through a haze of horniness. Pressure building up inside of me, I can feel it building inside of her to. We're just two animals, doing what we have to, what our bodies tell us we must do. Doing it for pleasure, for desire, for pure lust. Fucking each other until we explode.

I'm loosing control of my body, I could hardly stop now even if I wanted to. She's just shaking and shuddering with her head and her whole upper body just having fallen against the bed. Perhaps my hands are all that's keeping her bum up against me. Muscles stiffening as I get cramps from the pent-up energy waiting to be released. Muscles struggling on despite lack of energy. Her cunt pulsating around my penis, squeezing it to receive it's milk. I can feel myself on the edge, about to erupt. About to loose control completely. She's coming, I can feel it. Through my hands, my skin, my dick. The pulses of pleasure continue from her body into my own and soon I can feel it a millisecond before it happens. Then it does and I loose myself inside of her, spilling my essence into her wonderful magical dephts. Pumping and thrusting, milking myself into her for each drop. Her glorious cunt keeping a tight grip on my member as it gets abused to give me as much pleasure as possible. My spine turning into vibrating jelly, my toes curling up. Every inch of my body alive, before I die and fall down on top of her. Both of us collapsing in an exhausted and happy heap on the bed. Panting and sweaty, breathy deeply while fighting to exchange a few tired kisses...

"I love porno-night." I tell her, in between deep breaths of badly needed air. Smiling at her.

"I thought you would." She answers, panting as she reaches up and removes her wig. Revealing her deep auburn hair beneath it.

"You know, if you want to you can ring my doorbell dressed like that or similarly whenever you're in the mood for some..." I tell her, kissing her shoulder. Hoping to cash in on a benefit of having ones girlfriend living in the same apartment building.

"I think I might just do that..." She answers with a sly smile before kissing me deeply, once more taking my breath away...