 (A couple of years ago I wrote a story titled, not surprisingly "If Only in My Dreams" about a young soldier in Iraq at Christmas time and the letter he got from his wife. I wanted to follow up on it last year but ran out of time. So here we go, dreaming again. Or are we?) 

*

Lieutenant Dan Miller shifted in his sleep. He sensed that he was waking up and he strove to hold on to where he was, in a deep, beautiful dream. In it he wasn't patrolling first the streets of Baghdad and then the countryside. He wouldn't be listening intently and keeping his fingers crossed as an Intelligence officer assured him that opposition at the site to be raided would be minimal.

He wouldn't be inhaling dust from the road patrols, eyes straining to detest the presence of an IED. He wouldn't feel his heart hammering as he strove to keep his fear under control when the bullets were flying; fear for himself but overriding that, fear that he would get one of his men hurt. So far there hadn't been anything more than scrapes and bruises but could their luck last forever?

He thanked God for Sergeant First Class Mentor, his platoon sergeant. The older man had watched him like a hawk; made sure he didn't make any spectacular fuck-ups and taught him all the things a young officer needed to learn to be a leader in combat. He also thanked God that the incredibly stupid individual rotation policy of Vietnam was on the scrapheap. They came as a unit and they would go home as a unit, a unit trained and tested.

Dan strove to keep his eyes closed. If he could, he could remain in this peaceful, even blissful world. It was that letter, that wonderful letter from Lisa that was doing this he knew. The picture of his son brought a warm smile to his face that he could feel even in his sleep. And the pictures that Lisa had sent of herself! Nothing overt, nothing remotely pornographic, just incredibly erotic. Even with his eyes closed the image of her on their bed with her nightgown open just enough to hint at the secret places of her body made his cock stiffen in longing.

If he could just keep his eyes closed he could see her. Hell, he could feel her, as though she was in his arms right now. He could touch her body, still firm even after childbirth. His lips, his hands explored her, touching her smooth tanned skin. He felt his cock begin to stir. Then his eyes fluttered and he could not stop a groan as his fight to remain in his dreams surrendered to reality as well as a persistent poking in his ribs.

"Dan. DAN!" came a fierce whisper. "Wake up and stop that awful noise! You're going to wake up Dan-Dan."

Dan's eyes popped open. For a moment they couldn't focus. When they did his mind couldn't grasp what he was looking at. Light, twinkling lights of different colors. They flashed on and off, dancing against a field of green. One bright light shone at the top of that green.

It was a TREE! A CHRISTMAS tree. With that realization came full awareness, awareness that included the soft body pressed against his side.

He looked at that body. His wife Lisa's face smiled up at him. His arm around her shoulders tightened automatically and he crushed her to him, kissing her. 

She kissed back. He drank those kisses in like a thirsty man would drink down cold water. He pulled her tighter, turning his body towards hers until she pushed him away. Startled he looked at her as she giggled.

"Honey! I appreciate the thought," her fingers grazed the front of his slacks and she winked at him, "But you nearly squished someone."

Dan looked down to catch a little face splitting in a tremendous yawn. Their son, snuggled in both of their laps, struggled to open his eyes. After a few moments he seemed to decide that struggle was too much effort. He gave a little mumble, rolled towards his mother and fell back asleep.

"Should we put him to bed?" whispered Lisa.

Dan shook his head. "Not quite yet. Let me enjoy this a bit longer." He stroked his son's head, marveling at the hair that had sprouted during the long months of his deployment. He looked around the room. Perfect. Just what he had dreamed about for Christmas. The fireplace smoldering; almost out but the glowing coals still warming and providing the only light other than the Christmas Tree lights. Even his feet up on the coffee table, ankles crossed, was how he had imagined it with his wife and son tucked against him.

It was so perfect. It was his dream. He looked down at Lisa again. Not just his dream. It was hers too; the woman who's love and support had kept him going. He lifted the arm that circled her enough to brush the soft strands of blonde hair back from where they had fallen across her face.

"Hey you."

Lisa brought her hand up from where it had rested on little Dan's tummy and touched his face. 

"Hey you." She stretched for another kiss. "Gosh we all fell asleep. But after all, it is nearly two in the morning. Let's go to bed."

Dan nodded, reluctant though he was to move. They untangled and got up, careful not to jostle Dan-Dan.

"I'll put him to bed," Dan whispered happily and he gently rocked his sleeping son in his arms.

"Okay. Meet you in the bedroom." Lisa walked ahead. Dan noted happily the movement of her body. Even wrapped up in a near ankle length robe she was as sexy as those dreams had remembered her.

Dan laid the little boy on his bed, covering him with his favorite Chicago Cubs blanket, now a good deal more worn than it was when he had first seen it in a photo Lisa had sent him for last Christmas. He stood there for what seemed like hours, drinking in the sight of his son. His son. As he had every day since he received notice of Dan-Dan's birth he said a short prayer giving thanks. Then he turned and went down the hall to the other bedroom.

The bedroom door was nearly closed. Lights flickered through the opening. Dan pushed the door open and stopped.

Lisa was lying on the bed. Her thick, warm housecoat was gone and in its place was the sheer white nightie she had worn when she had sent him pictures last year. In fact, she had taken up one of the provocative poses she had used then, a pose that had burned itself into his memory in the long months that had remained of the deployment.

As she had before, Lisa was on her side, one foot propped against her calf. This time though there was no need to imagine, because the nightgown was open completely, framing her bare breasts and displaying the neat blonde triangle between her legs. Once again she crooked her finger at him. But this time she was really here and her could really hear her as she spoke in a low sultry voice.

"C'm here big boy."

It took Dan about 2 seconds to drop his own robe and reach the bed. There was a moment of gleeful tussle and struggle, as his already stirring cock had poked itself through the opening of his boxers and it took Lisa a few extra seconds and some delicious touching to get his shorts off.

Lisa must have decided that as long as she was down there she might as well enjoy it because as Dan tumbled onto the bed she shed her nightie and took his cock in her mouth. Dan gave a gasp as her lips slid all the way down his now raging shaft until her nose toughed his groin. She held him there, the suction strengthening as she started bobbing her head.

"You MINX!" moaned Dan. He ran his fingers through his wife's hair as she continued to blow him. It felt wonderful. Each time she drew back her tongue teased his slit, already oozing a little with pre-cum. When she went back down that tongue caressed the bottom of his cock all the way down and wiggled against it. She tickled his balls and he responded by thrusting up with his hips, burying his cock down her throat.

That was nearly a night ending mistake. Lisa gagged, choked and it took a couple minutes of back pounding and a rush for a glass of water for her to recover. The two lovers looked at each other for a moment, then snickers started and before long the pair was holding each other in nearly helpless, if extremely quiet, laughter.

"Oh God. Honey I'm so sorry." sputtered Dan.

"No, it was me." Lisa corrected him. "I'm just out of practice. After all, it's been a very long time since we had the opportunity to do this." She giggled. "The last time was when I drove you back to the Post on your last day of leave before reporting for deployment."

Dan pulled Lisa back into his arms. He had regained control but a smile covered his face. "And you suddenly pulled over two blocks down the street from the Battalion Headquarters' Building and before I even knew what was going on you had my DCU's unbuttoned and your mouth on me. I thought I was going to have a heart attack."

"You just were scared you were going to get caught."

"You bet I was!"

"Well we didn't and that gave you a BIG smile on your face when I dropped you off. And there hasn't been a chance since then. So I thought it would be a great combination 'Welcome Home' AND 'Merry Christmas' together." She shook her head. "I'm sorry I ruined it."

"Ruined it?" Dan took her chin in his fingers and lifted her face so her eyes could meet his. "You are the love of my life. You kept me going for fifteen long months, knowing that you and Dan-Dan were waiting for me. And now here it's Christmas, I'm home and my wonderful, sexy wife is trying her best to please me. So you're out of practice." He grinned and a little devil danced in his eyes. "I bet we can get you all familiar again with one thing if not another."

"What would that be?" teased Lisa, a matching light in her eyes.

"THIS." With that one word Dan spun Lisa around and pressed her back onto the bed. Her legs parted and with one smooth motion he entered her.

"Oh my yesssssssss," breathed Lisa. Her feet planted on the bed, she lifted her hips to allow Dan to slide his cock down inside of her already wet pussy. Her arms twined around his neck and pulled him down against her. Their mouths locked. Dan felt the softness of Lisa's breasts against his chest; her two nipples a pair of rock hard points against his skin.

Dan began to pump in and out of his wife. Her warm, wet sheath surrounded his cock, welcoming it home. This was the culmination of what he had dreamed about so many lonely nights. As he speed up he felt Lisa responding to his arousal with her own ardor. Her legs wrapped around his hips and her ankles locked behind him. He rose up on her hands, his head lowered to maintain the kiss for as long as he could. Then he was pounding against her, long swift strokes, bottoming out inside of her. Lisa clutched him with her strong legs and bounced up to meet each down stroke.

The pace couldn't last. Dan arched and gave one last deep thrust. He held deep inside Lisa and emptied himself. He collapsed onto his wife, still buried in her as she smothered a squeal of happiness into his neck.

When their breathing returned the pair reluctantly released their grip on each other. Her eyes sparkled as they cuddled. 

Lisa whispered. "Oh, you mean THAT." She kissed him. "Yes I think that will be familiar again in a hurry and thank goodness for that. I've REALLY missed That."

"Me too, although I've thought about it enough."

"So have I my 'dearest friend'." Lisa caressed his face. "Oh thank you God for bringing you safely home Dan. It was so lonely without you. But I knew what I was getting into when I married you. 'For better, for worse' and I became an Army Wife before TV made it fashionable. It's al worth it. I love you so much."

"I love you too baby."

With Lisa's head pillowed on his shoulder and her body snuggled up to him Dan wrestled with sleep again. This time he fought dropping off, although every moment was a struggle and his eyes kept closing.

"God," he thought. "If this is a dream, if I wake up in my quarters in Baghdad with, pardon me for saying this, with a woodie jammed against my mattress from imagining what I hope just really happened and my arms around my pillow; I will ask for forgiveness for this but I am going to be seriously PISSED at you." 

His eyes fluttered once again and he fell asleep. When they opened again the light seemed so bright he squeezed his eyes closed. His hands reached out, fumbling across the bed.

Nothing. No one was there. He heaved a deep sigh and nearly groaned. This just wasn't fair, damn it.

Something pricked his nose. Coffee? Then the bed rocked and he opened his eyes as Lisa pushed a steaming cup in front of his face.

"Are you going to sleep Christmas Day away?" she demanded.

Before he could answer a bolt of energy bounded into the room and up on top of him. Lisa laughed, pulling the mug away just in time to avoid spilling the hot coffee as Dan, Jr. landed on top of his father.

"Daddy get up! It's CHRISTMAS!"

Dan Miller threw back the covers and bounded from the bed, his son in his arms. He leaned over and kissed his wife.

"Yes," he smiled happily, addressing his family even as his eyes went towards the sky and he sent his thanks winging upwards, "It's Christmas."

(The End)

(Perhaps this belongs in "Romance". I don't think so. I think it belongs here in "Loving Wives" as a reminder of what one really is.")