 He sat there, in the dark, unaware of everything except the chair he sat in. It felt sturdy, had a straight back and no arms. It reminded him of the chairs his high school had. He thought to himself that he'd been sitting there a long time waiting, but waiting for what? All he knew was that he was to wait there in the dark and not move. 

He noticed that the room was dark enough he couldn't see anything. Even now that his eyes had adjusted, it was too dark and he imagined that this was what it would be like to be blind. There was a soft, unidentifiable sound from somewhere in the room and his head twitched trying to locate it. "Hello?," the sound of his own voice startled him. "Who's here?" There was no sound, save his breathing, which was becoming more rapid. From behind him, he heard it. The sound of a match striking and the familiar scent of it. It lit the room just a little and everything in him said to turn around, but that wasn't what he had been instructed to do. 

The light dimmed, but didn't go out. It wasn't bright enough to light the room. It was just enough to see his own hand right in front of him. His senses were on overload. The scent of the match was starting to fade, but there was another scent replacing it. What was it? And who was with him? 

"Hello? Please tell me who you are.," he spoke softly, almost hesitantly. Next to his ear he felt warm breath, "Shhhhh..." He started to turn and look, only to be stopped by a set of hands on the back of his head. The hands slowly moved down his hair and along his shoulders, down his arms and a soft kiss was laid on the back of his neck. His arms were then lifted above his head and the hands slowly brought his shirt up until it slipped off and then his arms were lowered again. The hands were soft and moved slowly and methodically. They worked their way up his arms to his chest, gently grazing across his nipples and up to his neck. His skin broke into goosebumps as the fingers slid into his hair and caressed his scalp. Then just as quickly as they appeared, they vanished. 

The music started and it was soft and slow. It seemed to fill the room. He could hear steps in the room now, coming toward him. Again the warm breath next to his ear, "Just for now..." The voice was warm and sweet. The sound gave him chills and then a blindfold covered his eyes. 

His senses seemed to come alive again. He could almost feel this person moving around him and the room. One of the hands lightly touched his shoulder and he flinched. The fingers gently pressed into his skin as if to calm him. It moved to his face, lightly touching his cheek. One finger traced his lips and again was gone. This seemed like torture to him, but he didn't want it to stop. He opened his lips to speak and one finger touched his lips. He took the hint and said nothing. Again the hands touched his chest, slowly working down to his nipples where they lingered for a moment and then continued moving down his body. He prayed they would stop at his waist and work their magic on his pants. They didn't even pause, just slide down his thighs to his knees and pressed them together and again they disappeared. It was then that something grazed his lap.

He took a deep breath and felt his cock hardening inside his pants as something unseen teased it. He dared not move... God forbid it stopped. The teasing continued. This mystery woman was in his lap, moving to the music. Her hips rocked against him, gently grinding against his growing and confined erection. He longed to touch her, but let his hands hang at his sides. He hadn't be instructed to touch. 

It was almost too much for him. His hips moved with her and he raised them, just a bit, hoping to feel more of her. She leaned back and he felt the bare skin of her back against his exposed chest. The smell of her skin was intoxicating and the feel of her hair against his skin... he wanted desperately to take her and ravage her, but this was her game. 

Her head resting on his shoulder while she moved and rubbed against him, she reached down and brought his hands to her breasts. He was finally allowed to touch her. Her breasts were full and her nipples were hard. She was as excited as he was. His touch caused her to gasp. He worked her nipples between his fingers, rolling them, gently pinching and tugging on them. They continued this dance for what seemed like an eternity. He could smell her scent and feel the dampness on his pants. Her scent was growing stronger and he felt two wet fingers touch his lips. He touched the fingers with the tip of his tongue and slowly sucked them in, savoring the taste of her. Breathlessly she asked, "More?." He grunted and nodded his head. That's when she stood up and told him to take off the blindfold.

It took a moment for his eyes to adjust. The room was brighter now, but still lit only by candlelight. There she was, on the bed in front of him. He stood to go to her and she stopped him. "Not yet... Just watch.," she said. She was laying there with her knees spread and bent, her fingers teasing her breasts. He could see her wetness, the lips glistening in the dim light. She put two fingers in her mouth, wetting them and slid them down the length of her body to the tiny patch of hair. She parted her outer lips exposing her clit. Gently rubbing it in small circles, then sliding those fingers inside. He could see the muscles in the back of her hand working as she nudged her g-spot. Her head was back and her eyes closed. She loved this and he couldn't take his eyes off her. He stood there, unblinking and in awe of the sight. She continued until they could hear how wet she was. Then she stopped and locked eyes with him for the first time. 

She curled her finger, telling him to come to her. He moved to the foot of the bed and crawled between her thighs. He placed soft kisses up the inside of her thigh until he reached the soft mound of hair. He paused and took in her scent. His fingers parted her lips and he gently kissed her clit. His mouth was warm and he explored every inch with his tongue. Tasting her, savoring her, wanting her. Using the tip of his tongue, flicking it over her clit at various speeds, then sucking it between his lips. She moaned and gasped, her hips moving to keep up with him. His fingers slipped between her lips and rhythmically tapped her g-spot. He could feel her body tighten and, from inside, she squeezed his fingers as her body was rocked by the orgasm. 

He licked her as if he were starving, not wanting to miss a single drop. She touched the top of his head and he looked up at her. She knelt on the bed facing him and took him in her arms, kissing him, tasting herself on his lips and tongue. She kissed her way down his body, stopping randomly to tease him. When she finally came to his waist, she wasted no time in finally releasing his throbbing cock from it's confines. She had him lay down and removed the rest of his clothes. Slowly crawling up from the foot of the bed, she kissed, licked and nibbled up his thighs and ran her tongue across his balls, gently sucking on one and then the other. Using only the tip of her tongue, starting at the base and dragging it up the underside of his shaft, she moved to the head, softly took it between her lips and quietly began to hum. Slowly, she took the length of him into her mouth as her fingers caressed his balls. Her mouth sliding up and down his shaft, he groaned and reached out to touch her hair. She looked up at him, her eyes wide and full of desire. She wanted him. Wanted to feel him inside her. She sucked the head of his cock, released it, made her way up his body and kissed him long and full on the lips. They kissed and touched each other and when their eyes met, she whispered, "Take me.."

In one swift move he had her on her knees. He knelt behind her and reached between her legs, his fingers spreading her wetness. She could feel him moving closer, his cock gently bumping her lips, then parting them. He knew what she wanted, he wanted her to need it. With his hands holding her hips and using just the head of his cock he teased her, sliding it just inside then taking it away. She tried to press back against him, but he held her firm. The game had changed hands. 

With every move she gasped and whimpered, begging him without words. He gave her the full length of him in one hard and fast thrust, she screamed with delight and he backed off to tease her again. Over and over he would pound into her and pull back, until he couldn't stand it any longer. His fingers gripped her hips, pulling her ass higher and closer to him. She tightened around his cock as he slammed it into her, finally giving her what she needed. As he pulled her hips and thrust against her, she moaned and screamed, barely able to catch her breath. His hands moved from her hips and wrapped around her waist. Lifting her body up, she leaned back against his chest. His thrusting slowed and reaching around her, holding her to him, he pinched and teased her nipples and clit, rubbing it until he felt her body tighten. Her hands grabbed his thighs for support, her nails pressed into his skin. 

The feeling of her against him, her insides contracting in pleasure, drove him to the edge. Holding her tight, he let himself go and groaned against her ear, the wave of pleasure washed over him too. He laid her down and took his place beside her. They kissed and fell asleep, totally spent. 

When her alarm went off, and she saw the sun shinning through the window, she smiled and reached across the bed. She pulled the blankets tight around her and her smile faded. She'd had that dream for years. It never got any easier to wake up alone.