 For PdW, Happy 40th Birthday! If we ever met, I imagine it might go something like this... 

*****

"Your key Madame" 

"Thank you." I said taking the key from the hotel clerks outstretch hand. 

I turned to go and there you were; standing right behind me talking to a man I assumed to be a colleague of yours. 

We had discussed this once over Skype; the possibility of us finding ourselves in the same hotel one day. We had never been able to bring ourselves to step outside of our respective vows and meet, but we always wished that fate might throw us together...

Your eyes caught mine and I could see the same string of thoughts passing through your mind as you stared at me, your attention slipping from the man talking to you. I hesitated for a moment, pretending to look for my phone and then let the room key slip from my fingers. You quickly bent to retrieve it. Our eyes locked as you handed it back to me and I felt electricity coursing through my body as your fingers touched mine. I knew you had seen my room number clearly printed on the key tag. 

As the elevator doors closed I could hear you telling your colleague that you were exhausted and going to get an early night. 

I could hardly open my room door my hands were shaking so much... you, me, here together...we'd said "if only" so many times, but "if only" is just something you say, I had never really thought... and yet here we were...

When I heard the knock on my door I knew it was you. I opened the door and you instantly pulled me into your arms, simultaneously stepped into my room, gently pushing me backwards, your mouth on mine. I felt my body sink into yours, my lips parting and hungry for you. There were no words - we'd already shared plenty of words, but not this...and this was what we needed. I heard footsteps in the corridor and broke our kiss, turning to shut the door. You stepped in behind me, your mouth on my neck, the warmth of your breath and your stubble grazing my skin making my knees weak. Your mouth was still on my neck as your hands moved across my body and up to my breasts. I squirmed in your arms, twisting my body around so our mouths could meet again. I was desperate to feel your lips on mine, your tongue in my mouth. I leaned back against the door for support and you pressed your body into me, your hands in my hair. Kissing this good couldn't be rushed... In that moment, I felt everything fall away; I wasn't a wife or a mother, the only thing I was, was yours.

I loosened your tie as we continued to kiss, unbuttoning your shirt and pulling it off your body so I could move my hands across your skin as I gently bit your bottom lip. Your moaned into my mouth as your hands ran up the backs of my thighs, to the silky fabric of my panties and round to the front of my wrap-dress, your fingers undoing the knot of my belt. As you made to slide my dress off my shoulder I had a moment of insecurity and grabbed the front of my dress to stop it falling; it had been years since a man other than my husband had seen me undressed. Your kisses softened as you sensed my anxiety, but you weren't going to stop and your hands covered mine, gently but firmly insisting... The dress fell to the floor. I tried to lean into you, to hide against you but for the first time since you had walked into my room you broke our kiss and stepped back to look at me. 

I could feel your eyes, like your hands, roaming freely across my body, greedily taking in my soft thighs, my curvy hips, my full breasts. I was terrified that you would be disappointed, that your fantasy of me would be shattered, but I could tell by your expression that I needn't have worried. You pulled me to you and kissed me again deeply before pushing me backwards onto the bed.

As your mouth found mine again, you slid one impatient hand inside my bra brushing your fingers gently over my already hard nipples, while your other hand worked the clasp. I could hear your breathing grow ragged as you tossed my bra aside and turned your full attention to my breasts. You bent and softly kissed one nipple before taking it into your mouth and sucking. I arched my back, lifting my body to meet your mouth, my hands gripping your shoulders. I was already wet but the sensation of your hot mouth on the puckered flesh of my breast made me gush and I moaned, my breath as rough as yours. You responded by sucking more deeply at one breast while you squeezed the nipple of the other between your fingertips. 

I ran my fingertips lightly across your broad shoulders and down your back to your ass and then round to the massive bulge in your pants, your erection straining hard against the fabric. As I squeezed you bit down hard on my nipple; you weren't giving up control of the situation just yet...

Your hand slid down over my belly, until you slipped your fingers into my panties. You wove your fingers through my hair, stroking me gently. Ever since you had told me how much you love it, I had let my hair grow out more, just in case we ever got this chance...I gasped and my whole body jerked as you pushed a finger into me, your mouth came down on mine again and kissed me hard as a second finger slipped in. You pushed deeper and then slowly pulled your fingers out before sinking them into me again...and again... and again until I was arching my body and crying, spreading my legs as wide as I could and begging you to fuck me. You slowed down, your fingers torturing me as they moved slowly and gently in and out of my soaking pussy, setting fire to my insides. In time with your hands, our kisses softened and deepened until I felt like I was losing myself in you. You finally withdrew your fingers from my body and brought your hand up to my mouth, spreading my wetness across my lips and then slipping your fingers into my mouth. I sucked, tasting my saltines on you.

I pushed you back onto the bed and rolled myself on top of you, straddling you. You reached for my breasts and pulled me towards you so you could suck on me like ripe fruit. I sunk into the moment, as my hand moved to your hard cock. I felt like I was wrapping my hand around a lead pipe. This time you let me, you were ready for me, in fact, I could sense your urgency. I pulled away from you and focussed on undoing your belt and stripping your pants off your body, leaving you lying naked on the bed before me. I loved your confidence as you stared at me boldly, proud of your huge erection, the expression on your face telling me to 'come and get it'. 

I reached for you, slowly wrapping my hands around your shaft and squeezing you firmly until you gasped. I released the pressure and began to softly run my fingertips up and down your length and around your balls, cupping them gently in the palm of my hand. I wrapped my hands around you, interlacing my fingers as I moved up and down your length and over the head of your cock, until you became slick with precum. I bent and kissed the tip before slowly parting my lips and sucking you into my mouth. Your body jerked beneath me at the sensation of my hot, wet mouth closing over your throbbing cock. I sucked down on you hard, making you cry out and wrap your hand around my hair insistently pushing my head down on you. I sucked my way down your length until I could feel you pressing into the back of my mouth. I licked slowly up your shaft, letting my tongue trace over every inch of you before finally letting you slip from my lips...

Immediately you rolled me over and shifted down the bed, slowly pulling my panties down before making yourself comfortable between my legs, pushing them apart so you could see my glistening pink pussy. You dropped your head and licked my swollen lips with your warm rough tongue. I could feel myself begin to gush and you slipped one finger inside me while you stroked and sucked my clit until it was full and throbbing. I grabbed the headboard, desperate to hold onto something as you pushed your tongue into me, drinking in my wetness. Your hands roaming over my hips and belly and thighs, moving me to you as you wanted or holding me still when I writhed too much as your mouth worked its magic ... you were pushing me and I knew you weren't going to fuck me until you had taken me over the edge. My back arched as your mouth found its way back to my clit, and I could feel the pressure building. The beautiful torture of feeling all the energy and sensation in my body converging on a single point of contact. I gasped and moaned and cried out. You knew I was getting close and your tongue kept its slow, rhythmic massage of my clit until I exploded in a sharp fiery orgasm that felt like I was being ripped apart. The pain was exquisite and left me gasping for breath, my cunt throbbing and aching, howling to feel full of you. 

You gathered me into your arms, and kissed my still-panting mouth. I felt like I was returning to my body and my mouth closed hungrily on yours. Our bodies melded together perfectly as I stretch out on top of you, our hands interwoven as we kissed. Slowly I kissed your chest, working my way down to your rock-hard manhood. Once again, I opened my mouth for you, at first just sucking on your head but then taking you deeper. This time I followed my mouth with my hand; your precum mixing with my saliva and making you slick as I glided up and down your shaft. Your breath was ragged as you lost yourself in the moment and I felt an overwhelming desire to please you, to give you what you I knew she wouldn't, to make you forget that you even had a wife...I sucked you down until you were pressed into the back of my mouth and then, as I relaxed, I swallowed you into my throat. Immediately your hands went to my head and I let you take control. I could feel my clit throbbing and my pussy start to gush again as you fucked my mouth and throat. Your thrusts were slow and gentle, but deep and I could feel you getting close. I pushed back against your hands and you let go of my head, letting me slide off you. 

You pulled me close again and kissed me as you rolled on top of me, your weight on my chest making it hard to breath and heightening every sensation. I spread my legs beneath you and I could feel your cock pressing into the soft warmth between my legs. Then, suddenly, you thrust powerfully into me and we both gasped and cried out. Again, you thrust in deeply and then again, and again, increasing your pace until you set up a steady rhythm, your cock fucking me hard and fast and deep. I moaned loudly and you clamped your hand over my mouth to keep me quiet. I cried out desperately against the palm of your hand and bit down into the flesh, but you maintained your pace, not giving me a moments grace. We both knew I couldn't hold on long, and I quickly exploded in another orgasm, my cunt throbbing around you as I felt the deep shock waves crashing through my body. 

You let me rest for a moment and I lay on my stomach next you, breathing heavily as you ran your fingertips lightly up and down my spine. After a few minutes, I pulled myself up onto my knees and then grabbed your hand, pulling you up behind me. I dropped down onto all fours as you knelt behind me, giving you free reign as you ran your hands down my back, over my ass, up the insides of my thighs and over my breasts. Finally, your hands settled on my hips, and you firmly pulled my waiting pussy onto your cock. You groaned and gripped my hips tighter, slamming our bodies together harder and faster. My pussy getting tighter and tighter around you, as I got closer to coming. 'Tell me when' you whispered into my ear and I bit down on the pillow and clawed at the sheets as I tried to hold out for you. You lay down over me and wrapped your arms around me, holding our bodies tightly together as your continued to thrust. I could feel your breath on my back as you reached one hand down to between my widely spread legs. Your fingertips softly stroking me and putting pressure on my clit. I could feel your body begin to shake as you got closer and closer, until I knew neither of us couldn't hold on for one more moment. 'Now' I gasped as you groaned deeply and your body jerked against mine, exploding creamy white hot cum deep into my pussy as I screamed silently into the pillow, my body rocked by an orgasm that took my breath away.