 I am so high on what just happened; I'm giddy with laughter! I kiss you fiercely, passionately, tasting myself on your tongue before setting out to make you squirm.

I like nibbling so I begin with your ears; whispering in them, 'that was so hot! And sooo good!'...do you enjoy having things whispered in your ears like I do? My hands are roaming again. Finding your nipples and swirling my fingers around them, cupping your ass cheeks and squeezing firmly...grazing my nails up your back, under your shirt.

I begin my descent, trailing kisses as I go. Removing your shirt is just the beginning =) For I can't help but want to lay my mouth on every.

inch.

of.

skin.

I.

expose...

I am straddling you now, running my hands up and down your chest. I lean over so I can taste your skin, licking my way slowly around your nipples while gently caressing your very tempting cock. I take turns at each nipple; sucking each as I'm squeezing your dick at the same time. Does this make you crazy? I think so. Do you want to feel my soft hands sliding up and down your shaft? Are you shivering with anticipation when you think of how powerful your orgasm will be? Listening to your sighs and moans is making me incredibly wet and I can feel it seeping through my cunt lips to dribble down my thigh.

I move lower to the waistband of your jeans (you look like a jeans person to me). I look you in the eye as I undo the button, pull down the zipper and reveal your pulsing rod straining against the cotton of your boxer briefs. I grin evilly as I lower my head and gently trace its outline with my teeth. You lift your hips so I can take your jeans off. I slide my way back up your legs; watching you watching me. I stop when I get to your throbbing manhood, caressing the stiffness beneath, teasing so slowly...again your hips lift in the unspoken request and your underwear is removed; leaving you free & clear.

Giving myself time to catch my breath at the magnificent sight, I gently take you into my hand getting the measure of you. Mmmm, I'm gonna like this. I reach down and fondle your balls (don't want them to feel left out). Again the evil grin as I lower my mouth; watching you for as long as I can, because I want to see the look on your face when I finally put my mouth on you.

First, I let my tongue run up & down the shaft, curling around the head then slowly taking it between my lips and closing my mouth around it. You inhale sharply and groan as you feel me begin to suck. I lick around the head again before I continue down the shaft, getting it good and wet! I blow on it for a slight chill before plunging the entire length into the HOT cavern of my mouth. Pouncing on it like it's a sweet treat that I have been denied too long. My hand is around your rod pumping away, matching the rhythm of my head. I'm having fun taking you in my mouth for a few strokes and then releasing you so my tongue can lash your pole. I feel your impatience, but I want to prolong your pleasure a bit more. And every so often my head will dip lower to lick your nuts and occasionally take them into my mouth.

Your hands are on my shoulders and running through my hair with increasing speed as you come closer and closer to your release. I listen to your breath quicken and become more shallow, I know the end is nearing so I slow down once more to take a thorough, enjoyable gobble before resuming a faster pace.

I know you want to come in my mouth, so when you're close I put you back in my mouth completely. Your hands tighten in my hair and you hold my head in place as you thrust into my mouth. I feel you tense and I grab your hips to hang on for dear life as they start jerking. Your shouts of pleasure are music to my ears and my cunt tightens as your come sprays the back of my throat. What doesn't go down immediately floods my mouth and I greedily swallow it as your orgasm continues to rip through you.

I wait until the final spasms have passed and then release you from my mouth, swallowing your remaining juices. I crawl up beside you as you lay panting in the aftermath of your pleasure. You turn to look at me and we share a smile. I close my eyes, sighing; thinking that it all went pretty well.