 Some experiences stick with you more than others and I can definitely be the case with sexual encounters. This is one that happened to me several years ago but it's still vivid in my memory.

Sara and I went to college together and became good friends. It never went further than that for quite some time, as one or the other of us usually had a significant other. 

However, there was always a certain attraction between us, and one night it boiled over.

Sara was attractive, with long, dark hair and full, sultry lips. She wasn't skinny, but if she had a couple of extra pounds, she wore it well. Oh, and Sara had tits that would make anyone do a double take. She clearly took pride in her breasts, as she often wore shirts that showed them off and she even had a tattoo just above her right breast, drawing even more attention to her chest.

One Halloween night, we went out to a bar. She was dressed as a schoolgirl, with a red tartan skirt, knee-high black stockings, and a tight white button-up blouse that seemed to be busting at the seams, and her long hair in pigtails. 

The sexy outfit caught plenty of looks from other guys at the bar and a couple of times, Sara caught me staring a bit too long at the V-neck opening of her shirt. Luckily, she didn't seem to mind and seemed to even give an approving smirk.

We had a couple of drinks, chatting and flirting, and then caught an Uber back to my house, which wasn't unusual after a night out, as she had spent the night on my couch several times before.

When we came inside, Sara asked if I could make her a drink, so I made glasses of rum and Coke for us both. 

She had picked out a movie on Netflix for us to watch on my living room couch. We sat next to each other and she grabbed a blanket to cover us.

About a half an hour into the movie, the main characters started to kiss and I thought this might be a good time to test the waters.

I stretched my arm out and rested it on the top of the couch behind Sara's head. She tilted her head to the side to rest it on my arm and she cuddled in closer.

I turned toward her and softly brushed my other hand against her cheek. She leaned in and pressed her lips against mine.

At that point the dam broke. Months of pent-up sexual attraction released.

We kissed passionately as we held each other close, letting go only to let our hands explore each other sensually.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time," Sara whispered in my ear before gently sucking on my ear lobe. 

I unbuttoned her top, revealing in the dim light a lacy black bra straining to hold back Sara's sumptuous chest.

I pulled my shirt off as well and Sara and I laid down side-by-side. I kissed her neck, slowly working my way down to her chest. I slipped one hand under her bra and lifted one of her breasts to my mouth, licking around her nipple and gently sucking it in. As I reached around to undo the clasp of her bra strap, she shifted her body to put herself on top of me, and readjusted her bra.

She leaned down to kiss my neck, and then kissed lower and lower until she reached my waist. She undid my belt and unzipped my pants.

She put her hands on my cock and lifted it slightly as she leaned in. 

"Ooh. You're so hard," Sara said.

"I've been thinking about this for a long time," I replied.

She wrapped her hand around my shaft and started to move it up and down. Her other hand softly cradled my balls. 

After a minute, she lowered her head and held up my cock and licked the underside of my shaft before she slowly wrapped her lips around the head. 

She slowly jerked me off as she bobbed her head up and down.

I groaned and the sounds of my pleasure seemed to spur her to go faster and deeper. 

"How about you take these off?" she said after a couple of minutes, with a slight tug on my pants. I stood up to comply and I took off my socks and then my pants and boxer briefs. Sara got off of the couch and kneeled on the floor in front of me. 

She looked incredibly sexy — kneeling on the floor in a skirt and stockings with her shirt open and her bra cradling her 36DD breasts.

As I stood, she pulled me back into her mouth and I cradled her head with my hand. 

"God, that feels amazing," I said. "And you are so sexy."

As she jacked me with one hand and bobbed her head back and forth, I held onto her pigtails and tried to save a mental image of the sight in front of me, so I could always remember — and savor — this incredibly sexy scene.

I reached down to undo her bra clasp and she leaned in to give me better access. When I had the brad unclasped, she took each arm from the shoulder straps and let the bra fall to the floor. 

I looked down to get my first look at her beautiful breasts, which despite their size, held their shape almost perfectly. 

"By the way. We can't fuck tonight," she said, seemingly out of nowhere. 

"OK - no problem," I said. "We can do whatever you're comfortable with."

"It's not that I don't want to," she said. "It's just that I'm on my period, and I don't like to have sex on my period — especially until I've been with someone a while."

"Tonight, I just want to please you," she said. "Maybe you can return the favor in a couple of days."

"Of course," I said. "I'd love to."

Still on her knees, she moved in close, grabbed my cock and licked the shaft up and down before circling her tongue on the tip and then pulling back. 

"Tonight, do you want to fuck my tits?" she asked. 

I may have groaned my approval, but I don't think she actually waited for an answer before she laid down the length of the couch and propped her head on a pillow next to the arm of the couch. 

I climbed on top of her with my knees to either side of her chest. She held her tits together as I straddled her chest and slid my dick between her soft, pillowy tits.

I moved slowly at first, leaning deeply in to let her breasts envelope my shaft. At times, as my dick got close to her face, she took the tip of my cock her in mouth or licked the underside of my shaft. She took my cock into her mouth again and bobbed quickly as far down as she could. With my arms braced against the arm of the couch, I moved my shaft in and out, getting perfectly slick before moving back down between her tits.

"Do you have any lube or oil or something?" she asked nonchalantly.

"I do in my bedroom. Maybe we should move there." 

I moved off of Sara's chest and we both got off of the couch and headed down the hall. 

I grabbed the bottle of lube from a drawer in my bureau as Sara moved the covers and laid down on the bed. 

As I moved back to straddle her, Sara grabbed the bottle and squirted some into her palm, before spreading it on her chest. 

With her oiled hands, she grabbed my cock as I got back into place and slowly spread the leftover oil onto my shaft. 

"Tittyfucking is always better with a little lube," she said. 

She held her breasts together as I moved my cock in and out. Her silky smooth flesh was practically frictionless with the oil. 

"How do you like these big tits wrapped around your cock?" she asked. 

"You feel so good, Sara."

As I sped up my pace, she egged me on with more sexy dirty talk that seemed straight out of porn. 

"I love getting titty fucked."

"Mmmmm. I'm getting so close," I said.

"I want to make you come."

Her words pushed me closer and closer to the edge, and I pumped my cock faster between her tits. 

"I want you to cum on my face."

I wasn't ready for that. I had cum on girls' faces before, but only after we had been together some time — never the first night we had been intimate.

I loved her dirty talk, though, and I slid my cock faster and harder between her beautiful, oiled breasts, groaning in pleasure.

"Fuck my tits until you cum on my face," she said. "I want to feel it."

I was so close, and couldn't wait any longer. 

I pulled my cock out from between her tits and moved up closer to her face and started to jerk off over her. 

"Oh yeah, cum for me. I know you want to. I want to feel your cum on my face," she said.

I was right on the edge, so I took her hands and put them on my cock. 

"Finish me off — I'm so close," I said.

"Mmmmm. Cum on my face, baby, I want to make you cum." 

She licked her lips invitingly, as she used both hands to jerk me, I moved my hips back and forth, and could feel my orgasm rising. 

"Don't stop — I'm going to cum." 

I shuddered and groaned as my orgasm hit, and my oiled shaft exploded over Sara's face. 

Cum splashed onto her lips and on her right cheek. I grabbed my cock and pumped the last drips of cum onto her chin and lower lip.

I looked down at Sara and she dragged a finger across her cheek and lips and licked the cum she collected from her finger. 

"Not too bad," she said with a smile. "Maybe next time I'll let you come in my mouth."

"God, you make me feel like a porn star with talk like that," I said as I climbed off and handed her a tissue from my nightstand.

"I've learned that most guys love a little dirty talk," she said, dabbing off the come from her face.

"Not to mention coming on a girl's face," I said.

"That too. I used to watch porn a lot with some of my exes, and I realized how excited some guys get from it. I find facials sexy if the moment is right." 

"Well that was amazing, Sara. I hope I can return the favor and make you cum soon," I said. 

"You better," she joked. "I think you owe me big time right now."

Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long to for our next encounter. But that's another story for another day.