 I waited nervously outside of the restaurant, anxiously awaiting his presence. I gave one last yawn, and took another sip of my soda. An hour ago, I was about to go bed, looking forward to a night of blissful sleep, when my phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Jane? It's Mark. How are you?" My heart stopped. It literally stopped for about 4 seconds until, realizing it needed to keep beating to keep me alive, it started again. 

Ever since I was 15 years old, I'd had a crush on Mark Moore. There was just something about him that drew me to him, something I'd never experienced with anyone else. It was that feeling that kept me coming back for more, and him too, apparently, since he called me out of nowhere.

He convinced me to get out of bed and meet him at a diner a few minutes from my apartment. It didn't take much convincing; anytime I can see Mark, I'm there.

I paced outside the restaurant, nervous knots forming in my stomach. I hadn't seen him in a year, and just the thought of seeing him, his long dark hair, his green eyes, made my stomach turn.

It was unseasonably cool for July, with a slight breeze blowing in. It was 2 AM, and the parking lot was nearly deserted. I gazed up at the stars and noted how bright Mars was. It somehow comforted me to see Mars, it's red fierceness visible in the sky, and it eased my stomach somewhat.

I gazed at my watch nervously. He was 5 minutes late, but I wasn't worried yet. He was always late.

Finally, a dark red Camaro drove on to the gravel parking lot. I smiled. He was here.

He got out of the car, looking around, his eyes adjusting to the darkness of the early morning. He finally saw me, and grinned. I walked over to him and we embraced. Two old friends, glad to see each other again.

Except it was more than that, and we both knew it.

He gave me a kiss on the cheek, and we walked into the restaurant. The waitress smiled at us as she took our order. She probably thought we were lovers, and in a way, she was right.

"So, it's been a while, Jane. What have you been up to?" I went through a laundry list of the boring undertakings of my life, never taking my eyes off his. I suddenly felt like none of these things mattered, because he wasn't in my life to share them with me. Then I shook it off.

I knew he wasn't meant to be in my life the way I had originally wanted him to be, and I was comfortable with that. I've had a boyfriend for a long time, someone who could offer me what Mark couldn't, which was a stable life together. With Mark, there was always questions of where he was or what he was doing and why wasn't he calling me? That's the only reason why we didn't last. I wanted stability, and he didn't.

"Well, it sounds like you've been busy," he said. I nodded.

He talked about his life. He was currently the successful owner of a new movie theater, and was very proud of it. He talked about his girlfriend, Sylvia, and how they weren't getting along very well. A small glimmer of hope rested in my heart, but I tried to make it go away.

As he talked about the movie business and his car and his life, I started into his eyes. My god, I thought to myself. He is still as gorgeous as he was the day I met him. Those big, strong arms. Those bright green eyes. I could barely contain myself as I tried to eat my chocolate chip pancakes.

He must have seen the look in my eyes, because he stopped in mid-sentence.

"Jane, are we going to keep playing this game? I think I need to tell you something, something I've been meaning to tell you for so long, and I just can't take it anymore." My heart stopped again, this time for 5 seconds.

"Mark, I don't think you have to say it. I think I know."

"You might, but I have to say it. Jane, ever since I first met you, there's been something about you. You're different from the others. I love my girlfriend, and I know you love your boyfriend, but I also know you feel the same way about me."

"What- what way is that, Mark? I know, but I just want to hear you say it."

I waited anxiously, to hear the words I've been longing for him to say. 

"There's just some kind of force that pulls me to you. It makes me long for you. When I go to sleep at night, after I've kissed Sylvia good night, I think of you, and wonder what you're doing. When I'm making dinner, I think of what you're making for dinner. When I'm lonely, it's not Sylvia I'm thinking of. I feel like you're my soulmate, and no matter how many times I've tried to convince myself of anything different, I can't. I was meant to be with you somehow, Jane, and I just don't want to deny myself of you anymore."

My heart pounded. I knew what he was talking about. He wasn't talking about being a couple, this I knew. He was talking about taking it a step further.

I threw some money down on the table, and took one last gulp of water. I took his hand and lead him out to my car. He didn't ask questions, he just followed.

I closed my car door, and turned to him. He held my face in his hands, and kissed me softly. We had kissed before, of course, but this was a different kind of kiss. This was the kind of kiss that could only happen once two people realize they can't live without each other.

After what seemed like hours, I broke away from the kiss, reluctantly.

"I live near here." He nodded. I started the car, and drove like a bat out of hell to my apartment. I thanked the heavens once again that I didn't have a roommate.

I tried to keep my eyes on the road, but I couldn't help gazing at him every couple of seconds. Our eyes would meet, and I'd turn away. It was like the game we played in junior high, when we had a crush on each other, only now it was serious, and about 100 times more intense.

When we made it to my apartment, I turned off the engine and looked at him.

"Are we ready for this?" I asked.

He nodded.

"I've been ready for this for a long time." That was the answer I needed to hear.

I led him to my one bedroom apartment on the second floor, barely managing to close the door before he was kissing me.

He kissed me feverishly, and I kissed him back, trying to grab every second I could with him. I knew this was probably the only time this would happen, and then time would change, and this would only be a memory, so I tried to make as many memories as possible.

Getting down to business, he followed me to my bedroom. No sooner had I closed the door was he grabbing me and throwing me on the bed. This turned me on way too much.

I was about to say something, but he put his hand on my mouth. He then kissed me, biting my lip, and with his other hand, caressed and pinched my nipples through my tank top. I shuddered, wanting more and more of him. I grabbed his head and kissed him harder, sucking on his lip, my hand searching for the hardness that I knew was forming in his pants.

He got on top of me, spreading my legs with his. He took my shirt off and struggled with my bra. When he finally got it off, he took each nipple in his mouth and sucked it, biting it anxiously.

I couldn't believe this. It was such a surreal experience to finally be doing this with Mark. I wanted him so bad, every inch of his body.

I struggled to get back on top. He tried to push me down but I sat on top of him and unbuckled his jeans. I took them off and stroked his massive penis through his underwear. I wanted that inside me so much, but I knew I had to wait.

I slowly took his underwear off, touching him softly, caressing his balls, running my hand down his cock. He moaned loudly, looking into my eyes, wanting more.

I took him into my mouth, sucking gently at first, then harder. Oral sex was something I did well, and something I enjoyed doing, especially with Mark. He was very receptive to my tongue and lips, and I could tell it took restraint for him to not orgasm right then.

I ran my tongue over the tip of his penis, slowly, savoring all it's tastes. I wrapped my lips around it and moved up and down, up and down, until finally he couldn't take it anymore, and came in my mouth. He then grabbed my hands and pulled me under him again.

Throughout all of this, no words were spoken. We didn't need words; all of our words had already been spoken. All we needed now was to show our unparallel love for each other, and that was spoken through gasps and moans.

He spent quality time sucking and touching my nipples while taking my pants off with his other hand. When I was completely naked, he started with my mouth and kissed, sucked, and stroked every part of my body. He stroked my thighs, making them tingle. 

When I was 15, Mark had told me about his special techniques of going down on someone. I never got to experience that until now, when I realized how right he was. He ran his tongue down my clit, putting his fingers inside of me, finding all the right spots. I cried out as he sucked on my clit, a raging fire that had struck in all the right places.

He stuck one finger in my ass while he was sucking on my clit, and instead of that bothering me like it usually did with my boyfriend, it just intensified my pleasure, and I had another raging orgasm.

After he was satisfied with my screams of pleasure, he lay down next to me and kissed me softly. I kissed him back, tasting myself on his tongue.

He stroked my breasts, and I ran my fingers through his hair. We both knew what was coming next, and how big of a step it was, and it was, admittedly, scary. The only person I'd ever made love to was my boyfriend, and the thought of doing it with Mark was too much to bear.

I decided to take the next step. I got on top of him, kissing him slowly, placing myself on his hard dick, filling myself up with him. This surprised him, but he liked it. He placed his hands on my breasts as I rode his cock, up and down, in and out. 

It was a spiritual experience. I felt like this is what I needed in my life. I felt a connection with him I knew I'd never replace, and realized that this was what I had needed my whole life. I moaned, loudly and kissed him hard.

We switched positions, and he got on top of me. He held my hands as he entered me, and stared into my eyes. We were together rhythmically, like we were meant to be like this forever, and we came together, in each other's arms.

We lay side by side, staring intently into each other's eyes. I see my soul in his eyes, and I know it'll always be there. I also know this could never happen again, because it was too intense, and it proved the point that we would always be together, even if we were apart.