 I stood by the window watching the catering crew load the truck with some of the most delicious food I had ever smelled. They struggled against the on again off again winds and the waning daylight. It was a cloudy one, with every indication there would something nasty later on. I only hoped it would hold off long enough for me to enjoy the festivities of the evening. A strong inhale blessed me with a kind of pleasure that only came from good food. The entire house was saturated with the scents of meats and spices. But while very little of it was for me to eat, I had been lucky enough to get a sampling. It made me secure that I had made the right choice. Or rather, the right choices.

They brought down the rear door and one of the workers slapped on the side of the truck signaling them to leave. The same man looked at me through the window and gave me a thumbs up. With a smile, I returned a friendly two finger salute off of my brow and watched him and the rest of the crew load into cars and pull out of my driveway. I checked my gold wristwatch. "With time to spare. Naci, the food just left." I tugged the sleeve of my black silk blazer, catching a faint reflection of myself in the window. With the gold lapel and stitching, I had to admit this was the snazziest I had ever looked in my life. Which was only right because this was the most important night of my life.

"I told you that it would look nice on you," came the enchanting Mexican voice behind me. 

I turned to face her. "And I told you-" the rest was caught in my throat at the sight of the goddess at the top of the stairs. Ignacia, my housekeeper of many years, stood there in a black dress shimmering with gold speckles. A plunging neckline and tight top accentuated her ample bosom, and looser bottom comfortably hugged her sizable hips. 

My silence gave her a satisfaction she showed on her lips pressed almost into a kiss. "You were saying?" she said as she leisurely moved down the rounded staircase to me, her open-toed heels peeking with each step. She had promised me she would keep her hair long for the night. Well, longer than she did when she was keeping the place straight. She had shown its glory one time. Even with the assortment of loops and tucks that had been beautifully crafted to bring things to her waist, I knew so much more was hiding. 

Still stunned by how incredible she looked, "I don't have words." I met her at the bottom step and looked her up and down.

"You better find some or I'm going to think you don't like it, " she chided. An obvious lie. She knew my tastes in both food and women. And this was a bonafide home run. Both of our outfits had been custom made. Mine had been easy, as was the case with most men's clothing. I showed the tailor a picture of a character from my movie and said I want to look something like that. The dress had required multiple trips and complete resets, from what she had told me, but I had told her to look good no matter what the cost. And it had taken a great deal of convincing to convince her that she was worth the expense. And that was just the cherry on top of a whole bunch of other requests that had amounted to abject begging. "Come on, Mr. Hollywood writer. Tell me how good I look."

I took her hands and kissed her knuckles, a level of intimacy I had never shown her before. "I will be the envy of every man in the place, and you will draw the scorn of every woman. When the night is done, they may have to confiscate this dress for evidence of what started the riot."

There was a slight shimmer in her eye that told me I had struck a warm spot. She blinked and covered it with a laugh. "Thank you. Now we should get going. I want to make sure I get there with enough time to coordinate with the kitchen staff." 

"Our chariot awaits." I lead her to the door. As she passed through, I followed her with a hand on her lower back. Again more touching than I had never dared to this point. She shot me a glace and a smile, and I felt okay. As we exited, a slender blonde man hopped out of the driver's seat of a waiting limousine and rushed around to open the door for us. I thanked him and made a joke about staying under the speed limit. "This is the first time I've ever been ahead of schedule in my life so let's not risk anything." I helped Ignacia in, and with one foot in the door, I looked back at my home. At a different time in my life, I might have called it a mansion. But I'd lived long enough to know better. Either way, it was too big for me. One of my first major purchases after the money from book sales had started rolling in, I had gotten it thinking it would be big enough for that day when I had a wife and kids. And it probably was. It sat in the middle of acres of land surrounded by trees to keep me apart from my neighbors. Unlike the house, that was at least something I could handle on my own with a riding mower and a Coke.

I moved into the seat next to Ignacia. Her perfume had filled the car and being this close to her in all her glory was doing something to me, something I had fought off since the day she had shown up unannounced at my door. As we drove on, I thought of that fateful day.

I had answered a knock at the door in a tank top and pajama pants. My beard had gone untrimmed for well over a month. Bathing was a 50/50 proposition on a good day. And a few good books had given me a massive ego but not big enough to overcome the writer's block that had ground me into the dirt. I opened the door to her beautiful smile that had quickly transformed into a sneer as she caught wind of me. Perhaps remembering that I was supposed to be her new employer, she quickly straightened up. "Hello, my name is Ignacia Castillo. I am from Maid2Order."

I stared at her with a cocked eyebrow. She came complete with a black and white maid's uniform that shifted back and forth between Victoria's Secret and professional depending on the angle. She was a healthy girl with cleavage to spare and a rump that needed far more length in the skirt to not seem like she should be swinging around a pole. But she was gorgeous. A darker skinned Latina with full red lips, a crown of jet black hair, and these light brown eye that demanded attention even when there was so much more to look at. But I was in a mood, and manners had abandoned me. "I didn't order a maid."

As sweet as pie with just a dash of sass, she said, "And yet clearly you need one." She made a point of looking around me at the mess I knew was there.

Caught off guard, I blinked and then let a slight snort of amusement. "You know the most annoying thing about all this? Had I known you were coming I would have scrubbed up and straightened the house." I looked her over again paying close attention to what looked like a formidable set of nipples in the tight top. "Because this looks like it would, without a doubt, be the most amazing lap dance of my life."

She narrowed her eyes and wet her lips as she stepped into the doorway, I'm sure against her nose's better judgment. "Oh, it's a guarantee," she breathed, rolling the r. "And I don't see why it can't still happen."

My voice higher than normal, "Huh?"

She ran a finger down my cheek and said, "Well someone already paid for me for the day. Why don't you run upstairs and uh, scrub up? I'm sure I can find some nice spot in here for me to show you just how good I am." She leaned forward and whispered, "Or how bad."

This was sounding more and more like a call girl than a stripper, but all of a sudden I wasn't sure I cared. "Look this is all great, and I appreciate this little gift someone is sending me-"

She closed the door behind herself. "Go." Nope, didn't care. I practically ran upstairs into the bathroom, found a questionable balance between expedience and cleanliness, and then dug through drawers for clothes that I'd never step out in but fit and were clean. Hooker or no, I'm not an animal. I came bounding down the stairs only to be met by a spotless living room and the faint sound of the washing machine. I found her in the kitchen furiously scrubbing at something I had left way too long in the sink. She looked over her shoulder at me and smiled. "Why don't you make yourself comfortable, and once I finish this we can talk about all that booty shaking you thought you were going to get."

Things hadn't changed much between us from all those years ago. Needless to say, there was a heavy dose of apologizing which she laughed off. It was a fun story we told friends and family. But she did stop wearing the maid outfit at my request. I knew my demons, and I didn't need that kind of temptation around my house. We laughed and joked, but I had done well to keep it a professional arrangement. 

As we neared the theater, she said, "Can you have the driver pull around to the service entrance. I want to check on the arrangements." She had been quiet most of the ride, spending most of it texting with the setup crew and occasionally peeking at facebook. I had mostly done the same, updating fans on Twitter, taking a selfie with Ignacia, who already had her own following amongst my followers. 

I had had a feeling this was going to happen, partly because I hadn't made it clear, and partly because she wasn't the type to be so presumptuous. I had asked her to cater the event because I loved the food she made for me regularly, but beyond that, she thought she was just there to watch the show. "Nah, lady. You and me about to hit that red carpet."

"But the food-" she protested.

"That's all taken care of. There's someone supervising the unloading and there will still be plenty of time for you to manage the hell out of them." The car came to a stop in front of the theater, the walkway lined with excited people readying their smartphones and cameras. "What? You think I got you that pretty dress so I could walk in this place alone?" 

She peered out of the window past me. A camera flashed and she flinched, shaking her head. "No, this is not for me. You go ahead and have your night, I will still sit with you later."

"Naci, I only have this because of you." I took her hands in mine. She looked down when she noticed how badly I was shaking. The moment was here and I was losing my cool like I knew I would. This whole thing was so big and brilliant, but as much as I didn't mind being the center of attention, this was on a totally different scale. "And I'm scared. I know I don't seem like it with this silly grin all the time, but I'm terrified that I'm going to really blow this whole thing up with my dumb mouth. I need you."

Sympathy poured out from her. "Oh, sweetie." She put a loving hand to my cheek and I closed my eyes, feeling that warm energy. "You have nothing to be afraid of. Everyone is here because they want to see your greatest story come to life." Her words were soft and buttery. "Look at me." I did. Those eyes glistened like jewels in the flashing lights. Her glossy red lips curved into a smile. "I will come with you."

I breathed a sigh of relief. Practically laughed it out. "Thank you so much." I turned to leave the car.

"Don't you thank me yet.," she said scooting toward me. "Just because I'm your housekeeper doesn't mean you won't still owe me for this one."

I stood to cheers and flashes. It was significantly darker than when we had left but part of that was an illusion of the lights under the canopy. "Ignacia, you are so many things to me." I turned back to her. "Right now, housekeeper isn't even on the list." I extended a hand to help her out. She took it and swung her legs out, knees and calves bare and exposed through a slit in her dress. At her full height, the volume of flashes became blinding. To her credit, she owned it, smiling to everyone without a hint of the apprehension she had shown a moment ago. "Tonight, you're my companion."

She stopped cold, lips parted in barely contained surprise. I had spoken without thinking, lost in the moment and something else I couldn't identify. Our eyes locked us in a timeless moment, one that was completely unplanned but nevertheless found myself wrapped in. What was I really doing with all this? What did I really hope to accomplish when this was all over? As we let reality continue it's pace, she slid to me and took the arm I hadn't realized I'd offered. We continued down the aisle stopping for pictures a number of times before heading inside.

"That actually happened," she said breathlessly. 

I laughed, relatively certain that she was talking about the walk and nothing more. "Intense, right? Finally popped my red carpet cherry." I faced her, taking her hands in mine. "And I wouldn't have wanted to do it with anyone else. Thank you so much."

She shook my hands loose and wrapped her arms around me in a great hug. "No thank you. That was a lot of fun. And I would have never experienced that without you." The hug didn't end when you would have expected it, so I held her longer and tighter. How good this felt. This wasn't the first time. We had shared hugs for special occasions, holidays, birthdays. But this felt different, and I didn't want it to stop. 

I became vaguely aware of the fact that even though we had entered the theater, we were still in full view of a good number of people outside. And they were eating it up. Ever since my last breakup, the fans had been shipping us together. Some assumed we were already an item, a source of amusement for us. Tonight would no doubt send them into a frenzy, and it had only just begun.

She pulled away. "Okay. I need to get to the kitchen to make sure they haven't ruined my food. I will be at our seats before the movie starts. I promise." And with that, she was gone.

The next hour or so I spent meeting and greeting people. I was the author of the book that had spawned this anime movie, so as cool as it was for me, I was fully aware that I was not the big draw. Nevertheless, I still took pictures with fans that had gotten VIP passes. I got pulled into discussions about future projects and theories about deeper meaning in some of the scenes. I couldn't have been happier to oblige. I always looked forward to time to talk about my work. I kept an eye on the snack stations. Ignacia had gone all out to prepare a multitude of hors d'oeuvres and finger foods that I had hired her a staff to do the bulk of the work, but the recipes were all hers. And she had watched them like a hawk during the preparation. Even now she stalked the stations, disappearing into the kitchen periodically to make sure everything ran smooth. And as I snatched a tasty bite of something from a passing carrier, I had to say everything was running great.

At last the moment of truth was upon me. The lights had flickered, signaling everyone that the movie would be starting soon and to move to the theater. The director of the movie thanked everyone from the stage and went on about how this was a special movie for him and how he had appreciated the chance to work with a budding talent like myself. It was touching to hear such a respected member of the anime community say these things about me. This was the pinnacle of my career. 

And then he called me up to the stage. I was nervous, but I was ready. I had asked for this moment, which they had granted without asking me what I wanted to say. Probably just as well. I doubt they would have approved. The applause died down and I began. "Thank you all for coming. It means the world to me that you are all sharing this moment with me. There's not much more I can say that hasn't been said, so I'm not gonna hold up the show any more than I have to. But before I go I wanted to ask, how was the food?" I looked to Ignacia's assigned seat near the front and, as promised, she was there. She had a look of curiosity and mild amusement on her face which changed to shock when the whistling and other shouts of approval. "Let's have a hand for our food services team." The applause was significant. Ignacia spun around in her seat looking at all of the clapping people, her cheeks lighting up with embarrassment. After it was quiet again, I said. "And I'd like to give a special thank you to the woman running the show, the talented, the beautiful, Ignacia Castillo." More applause. "Come on up here, Ignacia." Wide-eyed, she shook her head, horrified at the thought of being the center of attention. "Come on, come on. This will be quick." I was enjoying this. She was kinda cute, all scared and nervous, a definite break from the ever-confident lady I knew. She narrowed her eyes at me before smiling and getting to her feet. As she made her way up the steps, I said. "Miss Castillo has been my housekeeper for some years now, and I have had the pleasure of experiencing this food as it has evolved." She stood beside me, unsure of where to look or how to stand. "When she is not making my home look livable, she is a student Benoit Asante Culinary Institute. In fact, she probably took a little too much time out of her studies to orchestrate all of this for me. Isn't that right?"

"It really was nothing," she said timidly leaning into the microphone. "I mostly just have to come up with something to do for my final project and then I graduate."

A mischievous grin crossed my lips. "It's too bad this didn't count for any credit. Think this would impress your professor?"

She looked for an answer on the ceiling. "I don't know. Maybe. I only cook like this for myself." And into my eyes. "And for you, of course."

"I think-" I caught on my own words as I held her gaze. Was she trying to trip me up as some kind of punishment for bringing her up here? She wouldn't do that to me. Would she? I recovered. "I think maybe we should ask him what he thinks." I turned to the crowd of increasingly interested people. "Chef Gary Franklin." A short man in a full grey beard stood from his seat in the middle of the theater. He wore a simple black suit and tie. "What say you, sir?"

He straightened his jacket and projected amazingly well, "Whatever this movie is we're here to see, I'm sure it will be your food that people will be talking about tomorrow." I scrunched up my face put my hands up as to ask "why." Light laughter spread through the room. "Miss Castillo, this is the worst secret you could have ever kept from me. Had I known what you were capable of, I probably would have found a way to send you on your way sooner. I clearly have nothing else to teach you. As it is, the best I can do is tell you that our journey together has ended, and wish you luck with your sure to be a successful career." 

She brought her hands to her face and the room swelled with applause. She looked at me with eyes brimming with tears. She took her hands down and mouthed the words, "How did you do this?" 

"Well it wasn't easy," I replied. "A little snooping here. A little invasion of privacy there. And a lot of just listening to you when you probably thought I wasn't. Plus I slipped the chef some of your leftovers. He wasn't going to turn down a chance to taste it fresh."

Still on the verge of tears, she thanked me. Then she turned to thank Franklin. But as she turned to walk off the stage I said, "But wait! There's more." She stopped in her tracks as the room chuckled at the old line. "Along with Chef Franklin, I also invited another friend of mine. I think you've may have heard of him. Chef Ocacio?" 

The gasps and the whispering that rose up gave me the greatest tingle. Martina Ocasio, better known as Chef Marti-O, was a very popular celebrity chef. Television shows, restaurants, academies, she had her fingers in pretty much everything. She was a tall lady even without the heels. And her sandy blonde hair fell to her shoulders in curls. She stood a few rows back from the front and off to the right. "I'm going to have to agree with Chef Franklin. I could walk out now and count myself a winner." 

Hands in the air, I said, "I'm starting to sense a theme here." More laughter. 
