 If you were here now, this is how I would make love to you...

I would take you to my room, bring you inside and lock the door. I would strip your clothes from your body, not slowly, not even romantically, but with the urgency of need. With the curtains closed, I would blindfold you and tie your hands and feet to the bed struts. My bed is large but I want to make you comfortable so I would place cushions under your heels and put a second pillow under your thighs.

I wouldn't remove even one piece of my own clothes at first. I am afraid that without my clothes I would lose all control and make love to you immediately. I want to savor your body as long as possible, before you experience mine, so I would straddle your chest with my half-clothed legs, my body facing away from you as I admire your cock.

Your skin is so soft, and the flesh so firm underneath, I could touch you this way for hours. Sometimes I forget what effect that can have, forget what it is like to have someone caress you there slowly, so slowly.

I would run my forefinger around the top of your cock. I like this part of you, the color and feel of the skin, the pattern of your veins. I would stroke with one finger the underside of your cock, following the ridge of loose skin at the top, down, tracing your veins to your balls, that are tight already.

I would cup them in one hand and stroke them with my thumb, then let go and run my palm across them, following lightly with my fingers, while I stroke your inner thighs with my other hand.

A tiny drop of moisture emerges at the tip of your cock. I touch it with my forefinger and spread your fluid over the head, then bend to kiss you where I have spread it. You can feel what I am about to do before I do it, and push up towards me with your thighs. You are aching in the same way that I am aching. I can feel the heat in your flesh, and the tension in mine. My pussy is tightening, for I want you inside me.

I would take my hands from your groin and place them on my still covered thighs, and from here I can bend down a little and blow a stream of air onto your skin. Your cock jumps as I bend further down, far enough that my breasts, through my silky blouse, lightly touch your cock. I draw my fingers lightly over your legs, from your calves up to your inner thighs, almost as far as your balls. Then I stop short and begin again, stretching myself to full length over your lower body so your organs touch my chest, then drawing away with my body as my hands again come close to touching your cock. I can feel how hard your cock is; it seems harder each time my breasts brush past it. 

You must be getting impatient with me; you must desperately want to be inside me already, but so far you have not made a noise. I am glad the ropes are tight for I want to savor all of you before I take you; savor your smell, your taste, the feel of your skin, the look of you. 

I would move my hands to your balls and draw my fingertips slowly over them. You squirm beneath me; it tickles you. I move my hands further up and cup them around your cock, squeezing it gently at its base. Still holding the skin I move my hands upward, very slowly, and then down again, and again, but this time even slower, and again. Another drop of fluid appears on your glans. I lick it off carefully. It tastes of salt.

Moving my lips down to kiss you, I would slip back, and my pussy would be close to your face. You lift your head and nuzzle me. I am still clothed, but through the silk of my underwear you can taste my fluid seeping, and you stretch out your tongue to take in more. I tremble, but still it is not yet time for this, so I tease you further.

While your tongue and lips still press against me, I undo the fastenings of my skirt. I hear you breathe more quickly, anticipating my nakedness, my skin against your mouth, my juices on your skin. I straighten and stand up, out of your reach, and draw the skirt over my head. I take off my thong, dropping it so it lands on your chest. My blouse and bra fall soundlessly to the floor. I kneel between your legs, where you cannot reach me, but so I can touch you. You say something; you are disappointed and tense against the ropes

I would not answer you. 

Your legs are tied apart, and now I nestle my face between them, taking in your smell and the warmth of your skin. I reach out my tongue and touch it to your inner thigh, tasting you. I hold there for a minute, then move higher, running my tongue lightly over your skin. Very slowly moving up your leg in this way, I reach the space between your balls and your groin, and here I pause. Carefully, slowly, I repeat the same process on your opposite thigh. This time I go on to lick your balls, running my tongue over them from top to bottom until you push so hard on the ropes I am afraid you will hurt yourself.

And at this, I would lift up and lay my body on yours, so that your erection pushes into my soft belly. 

I kiss you on the mouth, and your tongue pushes into my mouth, hard, and urgent. You will not let my tongue into your mouth; you push me away every time I try to enter. Your cock pushes against my belly, so hard; you grind into me, as much as the ropes will let you move. 

It would be the first time we have kissed.

After a minute has passed, you pull your head away as if to signal an end. I don't want this; I want to cradle your head in my arms, gently lick and nibble at your ears, nibble on your neck and shoulders, and kisses on your chest. 

But I let you have your way. 

I lift myself from your torso and kneel again between your legs, taking my thong from where it has lain on your chest, and wrap it around your cock. The moisture touches your soft skin. I rub the fabric over your cock. Each time a drop of fluid appears at the tip, I wipe it away. I rub faster and faster, bringing you closer to orgasm. You are trying to hold back. I stop. I kiss you gently on your glans and lick around the rim of your cock. You push up, wanting to be in my mouth. Briefly I allow it, letting your cock slide into my mouth, letting you feel the warmth of my mouth and its wetness. Then I pull away and again wrap the cloth around your cock. Slowly I rub the garment over your cock, then faster, faster, faster. Your face contorts; you are holding back, waiting for me to stop. 

But this time I would not stop. 

When your cum shoots out, falling onto my belly, and covering my hands, I come up to kiss you. You pull away, seemingly angry. You wanted to be inside me, this first time.

I then lie on your chest so you feel the wetness of my pussy, and how swollen it is with passion. Your cock is soft now, so with one hand I wet it with my fluids, while I gently stroke it with the other. I kneel beside the bed and take your length in my mouth, feeling all the folds of skin with my tongue, one by one. I suck on it, first gently then hard by turns, I push it around my mouth with my tongue. Gently I take it between my teeth and scrape the soft skin. I feel the blood rise and the tissue swell. It begins to fill my mouth and soon I cannot hold all of it, and I begin to lick and bite along the sides of your cock instead. I take all of you once again inside my mouth briefly, moving my lips up and down over you. All the while my hands are playing over your balls, or rubbing over the base of your cock, or stroking your thighs.

Next I would take your length into my mouth, moving up and down over your cock, flicking with my tongue as I move, gently sucking at your flesh. Still moving my hands over you, lightly stroking your balls, or holding the base of your shaft between finger and thumb, I would pull at you as my mouth moves. I feel how your cock jumps, and then I slow down, release you, only lightly touching with one finger, then two, holding you in suspense before beginning again, before once again taking you in my mouth, sucking, licking, stroking, teasing. This would continue for a long time. My pussy is so hot, so wet, at times I touch myself with one hand while I am licking you, and then take my fingers and lick them, tasting my juices. 

Finally I would untie the blindfold and kneel above your erect cock, just high enough that our organs do not touch, and begin masturbating slowly, so slowly at first, touching only the outer lips of my pussy, my index finger running over and around them, spreading the moisture spilling from me. My lips are engorged with blood, full and aching to be touched. Even without touching inside them, I am shaking at the pleasure. You are watching me and I lean back so you can see more easily. I drag my nails over the inside of my thighs, leaving red marks like arrows pointing to my pussy. Now I open my lips with both hands, showing you my vulva, wet and swollen and red. I touch one finger to it and taste the liquid, slowly sucking on my finger. There is so much of it now that drops of it fall on your cock. 

But I would not touch you. I am pleasuring myself. I put one and then two fingers into my pussy and move them in and out, reaching up to touch the most sensitive parts. I see your cock jump, as you see my face contorting and my body trembling with pleasure. You want to touch me too; you want to be inside me. 

I would fuck myself with my fingers until I was almost ready to come and then I would withdraw and begin caressing my clit. 

Drawing liquid up from my pussy over this soft, sensitive skin, and moving my index finger in circles around my clit, I tease the skin and nerves, creating pleasure for myself, but not too soon, not too fast. I feel it like a welcome guest seen from a distance, moving closer and closer until fully recognized, all sensation moving toward the centre and becoming more intense... mmmmmmmmmmm... until it breaks all over me. 

When my orgasm was over, when the wave had receded, I would lift your cock and gently touch the tip to my pussy, and my moisture runs over you. I take the head, and move it over my lips, my clit, my entrance. It feels good; your skin is so soft and smooth, it stimulates me. I lean over you and keep on moving your cock against my pussy, faster, until I can feel the sensation, the distant sensation of another orgasm. I push the head of your cock into me. You are breathing fast now, and with this movement you quickly draw in your breath, and roll your hips. You try to enter me more deeply, but I hold back. Only the tip of your cock is inside me, but I hold it with my muscles, and squeeze on it. Slowly, very slowly, I lower myself onto you, feeling the hardness of your erection pressing inside me. Several times I stop, holding you there only half-penetrating me, and press on you with my muscles. 

Then I would let you enter me completely. 

You draw in breath, deeply. I push down as hard as I can, feeling the length of you within me, feeling the warmth of your skin. Tightening all my muscles, I draw up away from you, until you are no longer inside me. Then I lower myself again, slowly, and again, and again. I lean forward until I am lying over your chest, and push with my hips. You kiss me deeply and with passion; your eyes are closed, but I can feel how near you are. I slow down. Then hold still, sitting upright, testing you only with my muscles, squeezing you with my pussy, as slowly as I can stand. Your eyes are on me; they want me to move, to make you come. I wait, minutes seeming like hours. Then I move again, slowly. And again stop. My pussy is so wet. 

I would touch myself with one finger, and the muscles contract themselves. 

I look at you and smile. You are ready to come again, and so am I. I push faster; the tip of your cock hits against me, deep inside. I am laughing, crying at once. You lift your head and bury your teeth in my neck, holding me still. You are coming hard. When you let go, I lift from you and lay beside you, holding you with one arm, my other hand touching myself. You kiss me, again and again. 

This orgasm would be slow, long, sweet...