 The following is based on actual events that took place last year, my senior year of college. This is my first submission and any feedback would be greatly appreciated!

*

Katie was one of the first friends I made in college. She was by no means the best-looking of my social circle - short with dark hair, fair skin, and a medium build - and I was not immediately attracted to her. During my first 3 years there, I had dated casually with other girls, but the thought of Katie had crossed my mind a few times here and there. On occasion, I felt the same thing from her, and the result was a steady build of sexual tension. But it was never discussed, and I was fairly certain it wasn't worth the trouble. Nothing had ever happened between us also because she was always very conservative sexually. Now in our senior year, I've noticed some changes. She's become very sexually active, sometimes with guys she barely knew. It became so that she'd eagerly talk about sex, mostly with her girlfriends (who now seem more conservative than Katie), but sometimes also with me. On one such day, Katie and I sat in her apartment after class as we often did, and the topic of conversation somehow ended up focusing on penises. 

"Well there's no way I'd blow an uncircumcised one."

"Huh, why not?" I asked.

"It's...just gross. I don't know. With the extra foreskin and everything."

"What, it's just more skin! You mean, you've never seen an uncircumcised dick before?"

"No, I haven't. But I heard that junk gets stuck under there. That's dirty!"

"No no no. We clean it out in the shower."

"What do you mean, 'we?' Wait, you're not circumcised?"

Suddenly I felt embarassed. How was it that little conservative Katie was now asking me about my penis? I realized that the conversation was getting a bit personal at that moment and I tentatively responded, "Is that so weird?"

"Oh my god!"

"What?"

"You're the only guy I know who isn't circumcised."

"Well, believe me, it isn't as bizarre as you're making it."

"What does it look like?"

"It's just... more skin, like I said. It just flaps over the head when it's flaccid. When it's erect, the skin peels back and it looks more or less the same as a circumcised one."

"Oh, I had no idea. So, it just peels back easily?"

"Yup, so it's not as different as you think. You still would never suck an uncut dick, though, huh?"

"I don't know. I'd have to think about that."

"You know, I'm actually glad that I'm uncut, because you can do a trick when you're masturbating."

"A trick! What do you mean? What do you do??"

"Um, you're a little too excited about this..."

She really was. Her voice became increasingly animated, and it was making me nervous. And I certainly wasn't prepared for what she was about to say.

"Oh come on, I'm just curious. Show me the trick."

"What, you want to see...?"

"Well... yeah. Do you mind?"

"You're not serious."

"Why? Are you afraid I'll think it's small???"

"Oh whatever. I'm hung like a God."

This was a favorite joke of mine. Even though I'm actually less than average in terms of size, I'd often boast jokingly of my "mighty member," and Katie always got a good laugh out of it. But the mood of the room was clearly different from all the other times. She was truly curious, and I was not all that eager to whip out my modest 5 inches, especially after claiming it to be of divine dimensions.

"You're all talk. Let's see it!"

The moment of truth. Well, hey, Katie's a good friend. She wouldn't judge me, right? Right, ok, this is crazy but here goes nothing.

"I don't believe this... Here."

I unzipped my pants which dropped to the floor. The tension in the room was unmistakable and I could feel Katie's eager stares directed at the bulge in my boxers. No turning back - after some hesitation, I dropped my boxers too.

She immediately remarked, "Whoa, it looks really different. Is that the tip of the head?"

"Yup. And see, the skin peels back, and there's the whole head." At that point I was glad she commented on the shape rather than its size. It was a little cool in the room - not so flattering.

"Oh, wow. So what's the trick?" she asked with increased enthusiasm.

"Well, that's actually it. When you pump it with your hand the foreskin peels back and forth and it feels good. See?"

She simply stared for a few seconds. Even more tension filled the room as I stood awkwardly with my cock growing in my hand. Realizing the absurdity of the situation, I stopped working my cock and joked, "well, that's male anatomy 101. Class dismissed," and reached down for my boxers.

Then she interrupted, "wait, you can't just stop!"

As I pulled my boxers back up I asked, "what do you mean? I showed you the trick."

"Well," she seemed nervous, "I haven't seen you... you know, get hard yet."

I paused for a moment and responded with an anxious laugh and muttered, "uhh, you realize how weird this is, right?"

"Come on. I'm just curious. Let me see."

At that moment, the awkwardness that had filled the room was replaced with a different energy. I felt less self-conscious but still hesitant.

She urged on, "come on, this'll be between us. I won't tell anyone."

It then seemed like I had nothing further to be embarassed about. She'd already seen me at my miserable flaccid state. I shrugged and agreed, "ok," and dropped my boxers again. My hand worked my cock more deliberately this time letting my cockhead pump in and out of my fist. Katie looked on with quiet fascination. Aside from the sound of my own heavy breathing, the room was silent. With Katie's eyes on me, it took little time for me to grow hard. I looked at her as if to imply, "I'm hard. Now what?"

Then it happened. Katie broke the silence in the room and uttered the magical words, "want me to take over?"

My cock jumped in my hand, and I mumbled, "really? I mean, yes. I mean, if you want." I laughed nervously.

Her lips parted with a smile as she nodded and took a step forward. In that moment, my world went into slow motion. Her little hand reached over and held my cock. Her short fingers felt incredibly soft, and a little cold. She looked into my eyes for a brief moment as if to get the green light to continue. My hands fell to my sides. She proceeded to stroke my cock gently the way I had shown her. As I relished the sensation, my mind was racing. "Is this really happening? Is this actually Katie?" But all that came from my mouth were only moans.

"Am I doing the trick right?" she asked.

A breathy "uh huh" was all I could manage.

After another ten seconds or so, she stopped. I flashed her a look to communicate my disappointment.

With some apparent hesitation, she muttered, "I, uh, said I would never do this..." Katie then dropped to her knees cautiously while maintaining eye contact. My heart skipped a beat.

As she casually pulled her hair back behind her ears I looked down to notice her low-cut shirt revealing a hint of cleavage. As nice as this was, my attention was drawn back to her eyes and then to her lips. Katie's eyes then shifted down to my anxious cock. She looked at it for a few long seconds and said, "I can't believe I'm going to do this."

"Me neither," I responded quickly and nervously.

She looked up,"Only if you want me to."

"Are you kidding?"

She flashed me a smile, and in the sexiest voice I'd ever heard, she replied,"You're lucky I'm so curious," and then licked the head slowly and deliberately. "Ohhh," I moaned. She then gave my underside a long, intoxicating lick. The sight alone, Katie kneeling in front of me with my shaft in her hand and her tongue gliding along, was enough to drive me crazy.

"Ok honey, I'll stop teasing. Ready?"

She kissed the tip, opened her mouth just wide enough, slid her lips down taking me in. "Ahhhh...," I sighed in complete ecstasy. The warm, wet, caresses of her swirling tongue sent shivers throughout my body. "This is heaven," I thought to myself. Then she moaned to get my attention and our eyes met. She broke her rhythm for a second, and pulled off from my cock.

"Oh god, please don't stop...!"

"Sorry, I've satisfied my curiosity. How badly do you want me to continue?" she asked.

"More than anything in the world. Please don't do this to me."

A devilish smile crept up on her once generous lips. "I want to hear you beg for it." She began to pull my boxers back up my legs.

"Oh come on! Please, please, I need this! I beg you!"

"Do you want to come in my mouth?" It then struck me that I was not dealing with the Katie I'd always known. I'd become putty in her hands. The thought of coming in her mouth completely took over my psyche, and she was in total control.

"Yes, please..! Um, I um, I mean... if you'll let me --" I'd never heard myself stutter so much.

"Well how badly do you want it?" She maneuvered the boxers back over my throbbing cock.

"I'll return the favor, I'll do whatever you want me to!! Please don't do this!"

She smiled "Ok, ok. Don't worry, you don't have to do anything. Today's your lucky day. I'm going to suck you dry, honey "

Her fingers traced under my boxer's waistband and she tugged down releasing my cock back to the cool air in the room. Her cool hands wrapped around my eager cock which now looked longer than I'd ever seen it. She opened her mouth again, wider this time, and engulfed my cock, first with her hot breath, then closing her lips down on my shaft. She sucked aggressively, with her head bobbing back and forth causing her hair to bounce. I looked down to see Katie, one of my closest college friends, releasing all the sexual tension that had built up in the past 3 years. I couldn't believe what was happening, yet there she was sucking me off like the world was ending. I had never felt anything so good in my life. I began calling her name, louder and louder. "Katie... oh god, Katie... ahhhh!"

She responded by sucking harder and moaning loudly.

I warned her, "Oh god, I'm close!! I'm gonna come!!!" Her head moved faster!! Oh my god, I'm actually going to come into Katie's mouth! Then it happened, I grabbed the back of her bobbing head with both hands and held on for dear life. I came for what seemed like a solid minute. "Ahhhhhhhh!" the most primal sound I'd ever made.

She swallowed and continued to suck me until I went soft. As she pulled off my exhausted cock, in the most casual tone she said, "so?"

"That was unbelievable. You're incredible! I didn't think a blowjob could be this good!"

"Yeah, me neither. I thought you'd like it." she said as she got back on her feet.

Once the flood of emotion and pleasure was over, it all seemed so surreal. There stood Katie, who before then had been strictly a friend. The 3-year accumulation of sexual tension that was once there between us was released in an instant and I felt liberated.

Not sure of what to say, I cautiously asked, "So does this change things?"

She thought for a moment. "Only if you want it to. I mean, we can do this again." She smiled, "if you want."