 So seeing as many of you have asked I guess I was persuaded to go back to retell the very beginning of this story. How did the affair start some six or seven years ago and why did it end and the resume again now. Stick with me and I'll guide you throw the story. 

*****

Being one that worked in childcare all these years as a male I, Rob, had often seen the way moms and staff members looked at me. I'm not conceited or too self-absorbed but I do realize I'm not hard on the eyes. Nothing Greek Godlike or anything like that but about 5'7", a shaved, yes by choice, bald head, earrings in both ears (usually masculine black hoops) and a while not rock hard still athletic build. Let's face it after I left the military and was married I didn't work as hard to keep that rock hard figure anymore. I didn't let myself go I just didn't strive to keep it solid. I'd played competitive soccer for nearly 25 years at this point and that kept me in pretty darn good shape. It didn't hurt that I had tattoos on each arm that kids loved and always were asking me to show them. On one arm was the Beast from "Beauty and the Beast" holding a rose and on the other was a Batman symbol. Now that being said it wasn't always my looks that attracted the gazes, it was the ladies seeing me with their children or my staff seeing me down playing with kids. I could barely stand the paperwork and bullshit I had to deal with on a day to day basis but give me an afternoon of visiting once I had moved into the corporate office to escape and go play with kids and I was there in a heartbeat. 

Often when I had to sub at a school for one of my director's that was out sick or on leave I would guide my staff but usually I walked in asked what we were doing and then found a group of kids to play games with or help with homework before outside time. My staff quickly learned that unless a parent issue or behavioral issue needed dealt with I was to be left playing with the kids. I must say I have always felt akin to children never fully letting go of my own "Peter Pan" syndrome and I just wanted to play. Be it sports with the boys or sitting and reading to the younger kids, down to letting the girls dress me up and tape bows to my head that's what I was there for their happiness. 

Now moving on, so Stacy's sister worked for another Field Officer and she had asked if I could interview her sister who was about to graduate high school for a summer camp position as a staff member. I agreed and little did I know when I did that my life was about to change. Sitting in one of my schools, hell this interview stuff was boring, so I asked to do it in my favorite school so I'd be close and could kill the remainder of the afternoon with the kids, I watched as this blonde little bombshell entered the building. She, and you'll have to pardon me if I don't remember this completely correct, was either 17 about to turn 18 or had just turned 18 very recently. 

Stacy was about 5'4" and had a chest on her you couldn't help but notice. But even more alluring were her eyes, they are these light brown flecked with green eyes that just draw you in and also seem to always give away her mood. That mouth too, woo, her smile lit up the room and her nervous giggle was infectious. I swear I had never hit on a staff member up until the time later with her. I studied her as she walked through the door, stopping to ask a staff member if I was there. Currently I was in jeans and the company t-shirt, blending in and just playing cards with one of my favorite group of fifth graders. So I was not standing out in a suit and tie which was normal for my office wear. 

Anyway I digress, Stacy walked up and sat down and one of the kids said hi to her and asked her who she was. "Well hopefully I'll get this job and get to work with some of you this summer," leaning over she whispered to one of the girls loud enough for us all to hear, "and by work I mean I'll get to play with you like the bossman over here is doing."

Ok, playful, check, engages the kids, check, well I'd seen enough. Now I had to actually do the interview and all the paperwork involved but unless she stated she liked to eat the flesh of children or sacrifice them I was pretty sure she was getting hired. I stood up and led her to the office and told the kids I'd see them outside. 

"So you are Stacy?" I asked, already knowing the answer. 

"Wow bossman you are a quick one aren't you?" she quipped.

So it began, the interview, the snarky comments, but the smile and giggle and everything just had me already. She just had this awesome little personality that I knew the kids would love and she seemed like an excellent choice. So hell yeah I hired her. She had to give two weeks' notice at her current job but then she'd join us the second week of camp. I told her where to be and when and then finished up.

Two weeks later I was out checking on the summer camp programs and in this cute little teenager walks. "Hey you are supposed to be at the other center Stacy this is just where we did your interview. I need you for a field trip today," I told her. 

"Um Mr. Rob, you said to meet the bus at this school when I talked to you on the phone yesterday," she implored. 

No way I told her wrong, oh dammit I thought, yes I did. I quickly explained what had happened and offered to drive her out to the other center and even to the field trip site if we had missed the bus. She said she'd follow me and off we went. I was teased mercilessly for years after that drive because I was taking phone calls the entire trip and weaving all over the place. 

Over the summer she was my go to girl, anywhere I needed her to be she was there. Partially because I just loved hearing her voice and partially because she was just amazing with the kids. It didn't take long for some of my favorite staff members to get jealous and I had to straighten them out. Yes, she got attention but hey she was good and went wherever needed so leave it alone. Rumors had started about the end of the summer and beginning of the new school year about myself and another staff member. Pretty much completely empty minus one evening that I was drunk and didn't remember. My wife had been out of town so I hung out with one of my directors the next thing I knew she was leaving my house after dropping me off and my pants were on the living room floor when I woke up the next morning and I couldn't find my boxers. 

Sorry back to Stacy, she heard the rumors and the director in question was mean, like vile towards her and she up and quit. Several months later I got a phone call from her on my voicemail asking me to call her back. I didn't know if it was over the incident with her and the director or what but I really didn't want to deal with it so I made a note to call her back later in the week and I forgot. About a month later another office mate came in and said they wanted to know if Stacy was eligible for rehire and when asked why I was told because I hadn't called her back and she wanted a job with another field officer. 

I told them I'd call her and see I had missed the message. Damn I can't believe I forgot about her I thought to myself. I quickly dialed her number and she answered expecting the other officer. "It's me Stacy, Rob." I stated, "Look, I'm sorry I didn't call you back, I wrote down your message and then got busy that morning and just forgot to call you back. I'd love for you to come in and talk to me and we'll see if we can get you into another center away from the evil one. " 

She giggled and told me she would be up that afternoon, and when she walked in my heart stopped. She was just so damn adorable and I'll admit I wondered what it would be like to have her naked and across my desk. Down boy, I had to remind myself she was about 14 years younger than me give or take a few years and that I had to remember I was married, pretty happily and I wasn't going to fuck that up. 

Stacy started again working for me and over the course of the rest of the year we were pretty close, she was an amazing staff member and the kids in the center she worked in loved her dearly. I often dropped by just to see the kids but now I had an extra excuse. As we neared the end of the school year the last few days are always parties and water play with balloons and hoses and stuff. So I popped in, knowing the last day of school was going to be busy for me because my brother-in-law was getting married a few days after and I had to fly home for that. So I arrive at the center and staff and kids are all out playing with the water balloons and having a blast. 

Little miss Stacy and I had lightly flirted up to this point, never crossing any boundaries though, that was about to change and change completely. I got hit with a water balloon as I rounded the corner of the building and immediately hear Stacy and Avery giggle. Avery being one of my favorites knew she'd get away with it but I still gave chase and grabbed a couple of water balloons unleashing on her and drenching her a few minutes later. Of course all the kids whooped and hollered as they witnessed Mr. Rob playing with the water and having fun. Finally I turned on Stacy, her eyes got wide and she pleaded innocence. Quickly she turned and ran, little good it did her, I had already spotted the mud near where they filled up balloons and knew this girl was about to get dirty. I grabbed her as I caught up to her and held her over the mud pit. 

"Please no Mr. Rob, I don't have a change of clothes with me," she begged. 

I smiled down at her, "Guess you will have to learn if you spray someone you are going to get hosed in the end."

Her bright little eyes beamed up at me and she wiggled slightly but bit her lip at the same time. I deposited her ass right then and there into the mud. What I hadn't expected was her to pull me in with her. Damn stupid footing, I slipped and couldn't right myself and landed right between her legs on top as if I was just going to fuck her then and there. I couldn't even hide the rapidly hardening erection as it met the young ladies crotch. And to my dismay she played it off. No parent or child around would have suspected anything having seen the chase and play going on but she repeatedly tried to get out of the mud only succeeding to thrust her hips up against my hard-on each time before falling back into the mess. 

I slipped away as quickly as I could and ran to my car. I grabbed two extra changes of clothes. I always have two. One for soccer and one for an afternoon like this. So I'd be wearing an Adidas shirt the rest of the afternoon but I'd be dry. I offered Stacy the other and she took them to the bathroom with a smile and said she'd get them back to me. 

Later that evening the texts started. "So Bossman, if you had stayed it could have gotten a lot dirtier a lot faster today than making me wait to clean up." 

I wasn't sure how to respond, I could go for it or I could just be playful and ignorant. Fuck it I'm going for it. "Well Stacy, if you really want dirty come up with Jamie tomorrow evening after school and I'm grilling out and having a little party." 

"Bossman," she replied, "Won't your wife be home?"

"Nope, she's in another state for her brother's wedding, I have to leave tomorrow afternoon to catch a flight there. Tonight I'm all alone though."

"What kind of meat do you like so I can grill it." I added.

"MMM I love any kind of meat Rob."

I talked to her at the center the next morning and she confirmed she and another staff were coming with Jamie to my house, Jamie had been with me for years and was a friend who was taking me to the airport the next morning so this wasn't a big deal. Stacy asked one question that made me gasp though.

"How big are you, it felt big yesterday?" 

"You tell me how big you think in a text and then later tonight find out yourself," I replied. 

"Ok, see you tonight, big bossman." 

I should have backed down then. I should have not gone any further. A sane man wouldn't have continued down this path, I was far from sane, I was deeply lusting over this 18 or 19 year old that wanted me and I could only see the intense desire through. I should add that I had recently found out that in our first year of our marriage my wife had slipped from the fidelity train once. This was nearly ten years into our marriage and I honestly just thought eh, I've never that I know of done anything barring that one night and dammit if I'm doing it I'm going to enjoy it. 

Stacy and the other girls arrived with Jamie and we all had a few drinks. Not Jamie because she was driving the others home but I let Stacy and Blair have one. Blair quickly complained after eating dinner that she had to go home, and thanked me. Stacy said she was going to and while I was perplexed I wasn't going to push myself on this young lady, if she had second thoughts, well I was her boss and also an older married man. I could forgive her flirting over the line and not hold it against her. I asked her to come back with Jamie and she said she might. I had another beer and packed for the next day's flight while Jamie was gone with the girls. I got a text about an hour after they had been gone , it was Stacy. 

"Hey, my beers better be ready and cold and my meat nice and hot when I get back." 

"Haha ok whatever girl, so you're coming back?"

"YEP! "

I sighed both in relief and in slight dread. I wasn't going to turn her down if she came back but you know what, HOLY SHIT SHE'S COMING BACK! The girls got back and the drinking began, Jamie had a couple of beers and then Stacy said she was going to have to go home by about 10. It was already 8 and she looked at me with a smile. That was it, I had to move if it was going to happen. 

Jamie went out back to smoke a cigarette and Stacy went to pee. On her way back I ambushed her and lowered her to the floor tickling her and leaning over her. I lifted her shirt and blew a raspberry on her belly. I know not totally mature but funny as hell. She giggled and then as I leaned over her she whimpered. That fucking whimper did me in. Leaning down I kissed her deeply once. 

Stacy pushed me away and stood up and I thought I had done something wrong. Maybe I misread the teasing. But then she leaned out the door and told Jamie we'd be back in a few minutes she had to discuss the evil director with me. She took my hand and asked where my room was and as I led her there she swished that sexy ass back in forth in front of me as she went into the room after I opened the door for her. 

She hopped up on the bed and I followed. Quickly she pulled up her shirt and took off her bra and started undoing her pants. As soon as she paused and saw me still standing there in awe she giggled and told me to get my clothes off unless I just wanted to watch her. With that she flopped back and began rubbing her clit and writhing on my bed. I was naked in record time and slid over her kissing her. I felt her grasp my cock and stroke it for a minute before sighing and telling me she hoped it would fit. I could smell Stacy's arousal and I wanted to taste it so I slipped off and down her and began lapping at her shaved kitty and then her clit. She moaned and squealed and with the window open,(I didn't know it was until later) I'm sure others knew she was having fun. She came quickly and then pushed me onto my back and swallowed as much of my cock as she could. Moaning and fingering herself at the same time. 

I knew I couldn't take much so I pulled her off and slid slowly inside her. Feeling her grip me with those inner muscles and she panted and screamed as I lifted her legs and pounded her little pussy hard. Amazingly I held out and didn't cum right away. I managed to fuck her for a good twenty minutes before pulling out and going down on her again. After she came this time I started to flip her over on all fours, I wanted to watch that magnificent ass jiggle as I fucked her hard from behind. In that instant she spun, sucked me in and gave me this excellent blowjob until I forced her away again and grabbed her hips. I swear I hadn't felt anything that tight in maybe forever as I slammed in and out of her. She screamed, yelled, "Fuck me harder with that big dick!" After her next orgasm she collapsed on the bed and said she needed a break. 

Not wanting her to get fully dressed I told her to leave off the bra and panties and handed her a pair of pajama pants and a tshirt. The tshirt stretched over her mammoth tits and was probably too tight but damn she looked amazing. We walked back outside to find Jamie texting on her phone and smoking another cigarette. 

"Well that sounded like you two had a lot of fun." She said with almost thinly veiled ...jealousy...anger...or just disbelief. 

Stacy responded as I stood there trying to think of something to say, "Yes, it was and I was right in the car, bossman is huge and knows how to use it." 

I know I had to have turned bright red at that point and still managed to stammer out, "She is just kidding. We were talking and then I tickled her again and that was what the screaming was about." 

"Rob," Jamie started, "Don't worry I won't mention this to your wife, but don't treat me like I'm dumb, she's wearing your pj's and t-shirt. "

About then Stacy had to pee again, she said it was from having her bladder poked repeatedly before snickering and walking away.

"Sorry Jamie, I just didn't know what to say. I don't even know how it happened. It went from teasing to that in an instant." 

"I get it Rob," she stated, "She's every guy's wet dream, blonde, big boobs, cute ass and apparently can take a big dick for a long time." At least Jamie was smiling as she said this. "Also just so you know she might make a few girls wet dreams too." 

Just then I got a text, looking at my phone it was Stacy, "I'm ready for round two come fuck me again bossman." 

I looked at Jamie and told her I'd be right back, she snickered and told me not if the blondie had anything to do with it.

I walked back in and Stacy said she had called her mom and told her she was staying with Jamie tonight and would be home in the morning. With that I was drug back into the bedroom for another lurid hour long session of sucking and fucking that left her sore and me just shy of cumming. Something about proving stamina and wanting to make sure that she knew I was the boss held me back every time I got close to cumming. 

When we came back out Jamie was nowhere to be found and I called her cell phone. Upset over god knows what she had left and said she'd sleep in her car up the block and come get me in the morning. I talked her into coming back and then sat down with her. 

"Look that was rude of me Jamie, " I told her, "We won't do that again tonight, she's staying here so you don't have to drive her home but we won't have sex again tonight. I'll sleep out here if you want me to on the couch so you know it doesn't happen."

"Don't be dumb Rob," she began, "Look you are just one of my closest friends and I guess somehow I'm a little jealous over this and I know I helped make it happen and I'm just pissed. I'll stay just don't make me listen to it again tonight and then also don't leave me until it's bedtime." 

Just then Stacy came out and sauntered over to Jamie, "I'm sorry Jamie, but dear lord thank you for making this happen. No more loudness tonight and we'll all watch a movie before bedtime, tell you what. Bossman even has to sit in the middle of us." 

The girls chatted for a while and had another drink while we watched the movie, I could feel the blood trickle down my back and wondered how I'd explain that to the wife when I saw her tomorrow. But still we finished the movie and then I tucked Jamie in on the couch and kissed her head good night and thanked her for coming back. 

"You are an asshole but I still love ya Rob." 
