 Illicit Affair #2: Chapter 1

4:00pm, November, Las Vegas

The best thing about the thunderous applause wasn't that I had inspired such a jaded crowd. It was that the applause meant that I was done - I was the last presenter at a three-day convention. No more meetings, no more obligatory cocktail parties or dinners. There should have been a coin toss who wanted me to finish more - the audience dying to be cut loose on Sin City, or me. For the next two and half days, my time was my own.

As a successful female executive I get multiple requests to be a guest speaker at industry events. I'm at that point in my career where I can be picky about where and when I present. But it never occurred to me to turn down the Vegas show. Partly because this was considered the "show of all shows" in our industry, but mainly because I knew that Ridge would be in Vegas at the same time attending a different conference. Serendipity is a beautiful thing.

After I finished my speech, I began working my way to the exit at the back of the meeting room. En route, I was stopped periodically to answer questions about my presentation or to chat with colleagues. About fifty feet from the door, my "Ridge-radar" kicked in. Instinctively, I looked towards the back of the room and there he was. Tall, lean and way too sexy for my peace of mind, he flashed me a quick, devastating smile and walked out of the room.

I somehow managed to complete another fifteen minutes of small talk as I continued to work my way towards the room's exit. But I wasn't focused on the conversations I was having. Instead, my mind kept playing back the image of just how damn good Ridge looked during that brief glimpse of him. Ridge has the kind of body that looks fabulous in clothes, but is downright amazing without them. God, it was good to see him after so many months.

I finally exited the room and made it into the broader convention area. Once there, the challenge of finding Ridge hit me. Sure, I could call him on his cell, but that would feel like cheating somehow. Our liaisons always involved some sort of game and in this instance, my task was clear - find Ridge and let the sexual games begin. 

Ridge has a handful of passions - health and fitness, chess and his work. However, equally high on that list is gambling. Ridge is an avid table game player. Craps, blackjack and poker, he plays them all. He also has an appreciation for fine bourbons. Given that it was close to 5:00pm Vegas-time, I was fairly certain that I'd either find him at a table game or in one of the better bars. We were at one of the larger, high-end casinos that had at least 35 table games and probably at least five bars scattered over acres of casino real estate. I went with my gut and headed towards the high limit table games section. 

A ten minute walk had me at the high limit table game area. Scanning the room, I saw that the craps table had a handful of players at it, but I didn't see Ridge's six foot two frame among them. 

I then turned my attention to the black jack tables. The first table was full, but no Ridge. I checked out the remaining two $50 tables - still, no go. Some instinct prompted me to look to my far left. There sat Ridge, the only player at a $100 table. 

His back was to me, so I knew that my approach was unseen by him. With each step my heart raced. More than anything, I wanted to tunnel my hands under his cashmere sweater. I knew just how his back muscles and warm silken skin would feel under my hands. Just knowing that he was only yards away - I hadn't felt his cock in me in over four months - jumpstarted my libido. My nipples hardened, my pussy starting getting wet and my clit begin to throb.

I stopped about three feet behind him. The dealer glanced at me and continued dealing the cards. I'm no expert at the game, but Ridge had what looked to be a whole lot of black chips on the table. To watch him, you would have thought that he was playing with Monopoly money. Over the next several minutes, he appeared to make thousands of dollars. 

Moving in, I asked, "This table looks lucky, mind if I sit down?" 

Even though Ridge never looked at me when I was standing behind him, his lack of reaction told me that he was as aware of my presence as I was of his.

Ridge glanced at me, gave me that slightly wicked smile that I so love and replied, "Make yourself at home."

As I sat down next two him, I made sure that I lightly brushed his shoulder with my breast. I then slowly crossed my legs knowing that the skirt portion of the wrap-around dress would open up to my upper thigh. Cashing in for one thousand dollars, I placed a black chip on the betting area on the table felt - Ridge was playing two positions and had several hundreds of dollars of chips in play.

The dealer's up card was a six. I was sitting with fourteen, so I motioned to the dealer that I would stand. In one position, Ridge had two aces - which he promptly split (putting several more hundred into play). He hit a ten on his first (an automatic "blackjack") and pulled a nine on his other ace for total of twenty. His last position showed a seventeen, and he stood. 

The dealer flipped his hold card - a six, making a total of twelve. 

"Hmmm, not exactly what we were hoping for..." I murmured.

Ridge laughed easily, replying, "Don't worry - our buddy Daryl here is going to play nice, aren't you?"

Our dealer, Daryl, knew that winners tipped better than losers, so he was eager to voice his hopes of pulling a ten. The next card was...a four, for a total of sixteen.

"Good Lord," I murmured, looking at Ridge. "How do you stand the anticipation?" 

For the first time since I'd sat down out the table, Ridge turned to really look at me. The heat and desire in his eyes took my breath away. I had to grip the edges of my seat to keep from touching him then and there.

Somewhere in the midst of that passion-locked gaze, the dealer must have busted because the next thing I knew, chips were being pushed out to us.

"Well, I think that's all the excitement that my heart can stand at this price point." I took my hundred dollar profit and headed towards the cashier cage. Ridge tipped our dealer, and followed me to cash in.

Standing in line, I felt him brush up against my back ever so slightly. Bending down, he whispered, "You look amazing - I can't wait to peel you out of that dress." All I could think about was how quickly could we get to my room?

I figured that we'd been in each other's presence now for about fifteen minutes and we hadn't so much as touched one another. That had to be some kind of record. After what seemed like an interminable amount of time, we finally entered the elevator to my suite (a nice perk when you're a keynote speaker). Given that there were a handful of others in the elevator (any of whom could know either of us, or our spouses) we maintained a polite distance from each other. However, I could feel Ridge's gaze undressing me.

After we got off the elevator alone, Ridge grabbed my hand and pulled me to him. Fisting his other hand into my shoulder-length brunette hair, he lowered that amazing mouth onto mine. Ridge's mouth was made for kissing. Perfect lips, talented tongue - he knew just how to suck, nibble and modulate a kiss. After what might have been minutes or an hour, Ridge slowly lifted his head. 

"Hi", I murmured breathlessly. I realized that I was hanging onto his shoulders and that somewhere in the midst of our embrace I had dropped my purse on the ground, right where we stood.

Grabbing my purse, I pulled out the electronic key and unlocked the door to the suite. Trying to keep up a façade of calm to cover my wildly beating heart, I tossed the room key and my purse onto the entry table and walked over to the suite's fully stocked bar.

"Bourbon?" I asked.

"You know what I like", Ridge replied, his eyes following my every move as he sat down in a club chair in the sitting area.

I poured generous amounts of the premium single barrel bourbon into two glasses. I walked over to where Ridge was sitting with his long legs stretched out and I handed him one of the heavy crystal tumblers. Still standing, I spread my legs so that his legs were between mine. Setting my glass on the table next to his chair, I slowly pulled the hem of my wrap-around dress to upper-thigh. I then lowered myself onto his lap. My knees were drawn up to either side of his thighs and only the whisper-thin fabric of my thong underwear separated my wet pussy from his crotch. Looking into his hazel-green eyes, I slowly lowered myself onto his lap until I could feel his hardened dick through his pants pulsing against my throbbing cunt.

"Ummmm," I murmured as I slowly ground myself onto his hardness. "God, I've missed you."

Ridge stirred his bourbon with one of his long, elegant fingers. He then lifted it and traced the shape of my mouth, leaving a trail of bourbon on my lips. I opened my mouth and twirled my tongue around his finger. Then, I quickly closed my mouth around his finger and suckled and nibbled it. At the same time, I ground my pelvis even harder against his swollen cock.

Ridge closed his eyes and let out a soft groan. As he slowly pulled his finger from my mouth, I closed my teeth over it so that he was forced to feel their scrape. I then framed his face that with my hands and just allowed myself the luxury of looking at him. Then, I leaned in for another kiss.

Ridge cupped the back of my head with one hand and slid the other hand slowly down my back in a lingering caress. Grabbing the hem of my dress, he lifted my skirt over my hips. He then cupped and squeezed my ass with his hand. God, it felt so good to feel his touch on my skin.

Smack.

The hard spank to my ass made me arch my back slightly and let out a brief gasp.

SMACK.

That time, Ridge spanked me much harder. I could feel the heat building in my right ass cheek. Again and again he smacked me. Each time my pussy got wetter, my whimpers louder and my clit more swollen with need as I continued to grind it against his hardened dick.

"Please...", I whispered.

"Please, what?" Ridge murmured back.

"Please...fuck me - it's been too long."

At that, Ridge stood up holding me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and nibbled on his neck as he carried me towards the bedroom. Pausing briefly at the doorway into the room, he murmured, "Good God, you do know how to travel, don't you?"

Pulling myself out of my sexual reverie for just a second, I laughed softly into his ear. "Hey, when you travel with me, it's first class all the way, love."

Walking across the plush, custom woven carpet, Ridge lowered me onto the gigantic, hand-carved four poster wood bed. For a moment, he just looked at me. I could almost see how I looked through his eyes. Long dark hair tousled, lips swollen from kissing, blue eyes drowsy with sex and skirt hiked up to my waist. Bare, lightly tanned legs ending in four-inch designer heels. I reached my arms up to him, but he shook his head slowly and took a step back. Pushing myself up onto my elbows, I watched as he slowly undressed.

First, he pulled off the moss green cashmere sweater that almost perfectly matched his eyes. My breath hitched at the sight of his bare chest and arms. A casual observer could almost be forgiven for not being realizing just how good Ridge looked naked. His long, lean muscles rippled smoothly like the cyclist and swimmer that he is. Clothed, you might get the impression of broad shoulders, but only a discerning observer would be able to imagine the absolute masculine beauty of his body. There wasn't an ounce of superfluous flesh on his body. His body was, simply put, perfect. 

He then began to take off his pants. As he unzipped his fly, I could see the tip of his cock struggling to push out above the waist of his underwear. Sitting up on the bed, I extended my hand and lightly slid my fingers up his bulging cock.

"Uh-huh." Ridge said, grabbing my hand. "No touching yet."

Smiling up into his eyes, I just said, "Your loss, skippy."

Ridge then finished slowing taking all his clothes off. Taking his time, he walked the few steps back to the bed, where I lay. He lightly grabbed both my ankles and pulled me about a foot closer to the side of the bed where he stood.

"Spread your legs". I did so - and widely at that. This gave Ridge a full view of my couture French thong panties. The teal satin and black lace picked up on the deeper teal color of the wrap around dress. (Okay - I have a thing for expensive lingerie.) 

Ridge stared appreciatively at my gossamer silk and French lace panties. I was sure that crotch had been darkened by my wetness. Slowly I raised my legs and then straightened them into a "v" position. I then began to close them, until my ankles crossed. Ridge quickly grabbed my ankles and began to spread open my legs again. As he pushed them open, he began to slide his hands down from my ankles, to my calves and my knees. Soon his hands were on my thighs - my legs were almost spread into a split and he stepped in closer to the bed...his hard cock mere inches from my pussy. He was close enough that I could see the pre-cum beading the tip of his dick. 

"C'mon - you know you want to bury yourself in me. Just do it - we've got the next forty eight hours to torment each other", I whispered to him.

"Not quite yet", Ridge replied.

He continued sliding one hand up my inner thigh and stopped, resting it lightly on my pussy. My hips raised themselves automatically in an effort to try to find relief for my throbbing clit. Ridge pinched and rubbed my clit through my panties, but then quickly moved on and slid his hand over my pelvic bone and over the outside of my dress, which was still bunched up around my hips.

Ridge moved his hand the self-belt that held the wrapped dress closed. Almost roughly, he pulled on it, untying the bow. He then pulled the dress fully open - I was now laid out for him like a present on the bed. Couture bra and panties (albeit very wet ones), and designer pumps were all that I was left wearing. My breast were straining against the thin lace of my bra and I wanted nothing so much as to be out of it and feel Ridge's fingers or mouth on my sensitive nipples. A small moan escaped me just thinking about it.

Still between my legs on the bed, Ridge leaned forward and grabbed both of my wrists in his right hand. Pulling me into a sitting position, he peeled the dress off my arms and tossed it onto the floor. He then pushed me back onto the bed and grabbed both my wrists in one hand and raised them over my head. With his other hand, he began tracing the sensitive inner skin of my arm and then moved to cup my right breast and lightly squeezed its fullness. I moaned again. With my arms still clasped in his hand over my head, he bent down to kiss the side of my neck, just under my ear - a key erogenous spot for me - while he pinched my nipple at the same time. My body arched off the bed and I felt a new spurt of wetness between my legs.

"Please, please fuck me, Ridge," I begged.

Releasing my wrists, Ridge told me to turn over on the bed and to get on all fours.

"Like this?" I asked, as I looked over my left shoulder, elbows bent so that my forearms were flat to the bed's surface. I then arched my back deeply, pushing my ass even further in the air.

With no warning, Ridge lifted his hand and gave my ass a stinging slap. Followed by another and another, each progressively harder. With each, I pushed into the slap - I loved it, needed the pleasure-pain that it brought. I imagined him spanking my pussy the same way - with firm, stinging smacks and couldn't stop the whimpers and light moans. Sensing how close I was to coming, Ridge stopped. 

Ridge then hooked his thumbs on either side of my thong and gently pulled it down to my knees. His hands slid slowly up the backs of my thighs and when he got to the tops of them, he slid his hand forward, gently pressing two fingers against my swollen clit.

It was too much; I had to get those fingers rubbing against me, inside me, allowing me to come. I moaned, bucked my hips towards Ridge and felt his huge, heavy cock against the heat of my spanked ass. I couldn't see him but I could hear his breathing - he was not unaffected by our foreplay. 

"Stop moving", he said, his voice strained. 

I stopped pressing against his hand and he slowly withdrew their presence barely making any contact with my wet pussy. I let out a small, frustrated whimper.

"Turn around and face me", Ridge demanded.

I pushed myself up so that I was in a sitting position on the edge of the bed again. I kicked off the thong and with legs dangling over the bed's edge; I placed one hand on each knee and slowly pulled my thighs wide open. Ridge stood with his incredibly long and painfully large erection only a few inches from my mouth. My completely hairless vagina gave him an unobstructed view of my protruding, swollen clit and my wet pussy lips.

Watching him looking at my needy pussy, I leaned forward and licked the pre-cum from the silky smooth head of his cock. His whole body tensed at my oral caress, but he didn't stop me or move away. The shift in power was subtle, but I knew that for that second, I was in control. Watching his eyes follow my every move, I slowly took one hand and rubbed my juices over my pulsing clit.

"Mmmmm...that does feel good, but it'd be so much better if it were your hand rubbing me. Or your tongue. Or your cock." I said.

"Take your bra off, "Richard said in a strained voice. 

This particular bra had its clasp in the front. I moved my hands slowly up my rib cage until each were cupping a very full breast. I then slid my fingers towards the center of the brand and undid the clasp. Shrugging my shoulders, I slid out of the bra, letting it drop onto the floor.

"Lay back," was all he said, and I did. But the heat in his eyes told me that he needed release - badly. Surely, this torture couldn't last for too much longer.

"Pinch your nipples", Ridge ordered.

Nipple sensitivity varies greatly among men and women both. Mine were highly sensitive - so much so that I've been known to orgasm through nipple stimulation only.

At my hesitation, he demanded "Do it,"

So I did. Lying back against the bed, with a still stinging butt, throbbing clit and pussy, I pinched my nipples. The sensation was so overwhelming, my eyes closed and my head rolled to the side.

"Harder. And roll them between your fingers", Ridge managed to say.

I did and I couldn't keep from moaning. Suddenly, Ridge's lifted me by the hips and pushed his long, thick, cock into me. 

Stretched to that magic place somewhere between ecstasy and pain, something between a moan and a whimper escaped my throat. I heard Ridge groan as I flexed my vaginal muscles around him.

Slowly, he pulled out - and taking his pussy-wet hard cock in his hand, he bounced it repeatedly against my clit. The sensation started an orgasm building in me and I started to cum almost immediately.

"Noooo," I cried out, "I want you in me when I come this first time. Please...." I begged.

I lifted and straightened my legs (only vaguely aware that I was still in my high heels) and rested my ankles Ridge's broad shoulders.

"Please..." I whispered again.

With that Ridge thrust his cock back into me and started pounding into me. With each push, I lifted my hips - and met him thrust for thrust. I felt his balls slap onto me, heard the wet, slightly sucking noise each time we almost pulled apart. My hands were fisted into the luxuriant duvet cover, my head tossed from side to side.

I was so overcome at finally having that amazing cock in me that all I could do was to retreat to that primordial place where feeling Ridge's dick in me was the center of my existence. I felt his cock engorge, getting even harder and thicker - I knew that he was close to coming. Tightening my pussy around him even more, I milked him of his jism, moaning as my orgasm hit me at the same time. Wave after wave of pussy contractions overcame me.
