 Chapter 01: The Elevator Ride

Vickie strode with purpose across the parking lot heading toward the bright lights which illuminated the entrance.

'What have I gotten myself into?' she laughed at herself. The ride that had brought her here was now but a distant dream as the warm summer breeze lightly caressed her naked skin.

Walking under the overhang she was thankful it was late. 'Well not really late, but at 3 a.m., really early in the morning.'

The doorman was no where to be seen.

Her eyes glanced nervously. 'Hopefully he left when the bars closed.'

As her hand reached to push on the revolving door a thought raced across her mind making her legs quiver. 'What if I got stuck in here and had to wait for someone to get me out.'

But the doors spun freely in a counter clockwise direction and she stepped through letting out a sigh of relief. She paused for a moment to get her bearings, looking around the lobby. The lobby appeared empty. Another sigh and then... 'There he is!' her pupils began to dilate. Her nipples hardened. Pussy needed filling.

He was leaning against a pillar near the elevators. With his wavy hair and full reddish blonde beard and the thin brown leather suspenders drawing the eye to the V shape of his upper body shielded only by his tattooed forearms folded across his well defined chest.

'god he looked so... what was the word girls use nowadays...Oh yeah, Lumbersexual." Her tongue ran slowly across across her slightly parted lips.

She loved how his light blue silk shirt matched the color of his eyes.

Then she became intensely aware of the fact that between her and him lay the front desk. The front desk. 'What if I get caught?' But from her vantage point she could not see the clerk.

Nothing would stop her from getting to her man. Her bare feet padding silently led her across the hotel's cold travertine tile floor daring the clerk to look. She finally spotted him. Head down, focused on work or sleeping. Totally unaware of her presence let alone her lack of attire. That is, except for the black feathered mask covering her face. He had chosen it specifically for this occasion. A raven. The trickster. How fitting.

She did not hurry but continued to undress him with her eyes as he felt the bulge pressing against his dress slacks. Playfully she cupped her hands around her breasts, pointing them in his direction.

"I want to fuck you." Jeff lipped silently while simultaneously pressing the up button on the elevator.

The loud ding marked the arrival of the elevator and as the door opened she walked proudly through. His hands around her waist Jeff hoisted Vickie up her back in the corner, her feet perched on the hand rail. Reaching up she grabbed ahold of the ceiling grate while sliding her legs along the hand rail allowing them to spread ever wider. Pushing the button for the top floor Jeff turned and began devouring her delicious pussy with his mouth and tongue. All she could do was moan. That was until the elevator made an unexpected stop.

Hearing the ding. Vickie open her eyes expecting to see the number 35 illuminating above the elevator doors, indicating their floor.

Instead a glowing 23 glared back.

'23'! She froze momentarily hoping Jeff had accidentally hit the wrong button.

This was a wrong assumption for as the door parted a nicely dressed couple, perhaps in their mid forties stepped in. Vickie could see that the woman was flabbergasted. She stood staring her jaw dropped. The man's eyes roamed. From Vickie's shapely legs, protruding out across the hand rail. Up her body stopping to stare at her breasts. Then looking past the mask and into her eyes. It seemed like eternity before they both slowly turned to face the closing door, the sounds of Jeff not stopping for this intrusion, slurping behind them.

The woman leaned into her companion and whispered. "I'll have what she's having!" 

Vickie continued on her way to an orgasm of epic proportions when the elevator stopped on the 34th floor long enough for the couple to exit. By then Vickie was breathing fast, her hands rubbing her breasts as her fingers lightly squeezed her nipples. The man turned for one last look as Vickie screamed out in ecstasy and the doors closed.

Moments later the elevator arrived at the penthouse. Jeff silently rose, flicking his tongue up her abdomen, across her belly button, (an innie), and straight up her breasts and nipples. Stopping briefly to suckle them as he lowered her back down to the floor.

"Wanna go again?" he mused holding the open door button.

"Maybe later." she winked. "Right now I just wanna be fucked." To hell with wanted, she needed it. Like needing air to breathe. She desperately needed a good hard cock filling her pussy.

With that, she took his hand and pulled him along to their suite.

She made their way through the living area to the small balcony that looked out over the city. Dropping his hand she grasped onto the iron railing surrounding the balcony and leaned forward. Her hardened nipples like erasers pointing at the street far below. She widen her stance, spreading her legs wide, her firm derriére parting. Her light brown starfish inches above her clean shaven slit.

Looking over her shoulder she ordered, "What are you waiting for? Get those clothes off, I need your cock now."

"As you wish." he silently mouthed the words.

Her pussy ached for his hardness. She turned, looking back at the lights of the city. The coolness of the summer's breath rustling across her skin. She was prepared to do anything for him, but right now she longed for the pleasure of his cock.

She could hear the slap of leather as he unbuckled his belt, pulling it through his belt loops. Next the distinct whooshing sound when his tan dress slacks hit the floor. She wondered what was taking so long and peered back once more watching him struggle to step out of his underwear which had balled up around his ankles his erect cock like a rocket ship pointed towards the stars. He stepped out of his underwear and moved forward, his fingers grasping firmly around her small waist. Pushing his hips forward he impaled her onto his gleaming spearhead.

"Mmmm, I love being fucked from behind." she cooed as her wet pussy swelled, accepting his thick manhood.

The head of his cock strained against her tight cervix as she moaned, "Oh oh oh." before welcoming the helmet shaped head into the depths of her steaming hot pussy.

He slowly thrust his hips, his organ inching its way deeper causing Vickie to raise up onto the tips of her toes.

She held her breath as the base of his root pressed firmly against her swollen lips.

Slowly he withdrew his throbbing cock, her tight hole reluctant to give up its prize.

"Fuck me baby, fuck me hard." she called to anyone below who could hear.

Holding onto her hips his hands impaled her back onto his hardened tool, his balls slapping her ass with each thrust.

She reached between her legs. Rubbing. Her fingers gathering up dribbles of sex juice, massaging it across her nipples and tongue.

Over and over he drove his cock deep. Hands grasping. Spreading that ass. Pulling her cheeks apart as he slammed it in again and again.

"Oh yeah baby, fuck me. Fill me with your hot cum." Louder and louder she screamed. Making him thrust faster and faster.

Her loins convulsed as a guttural moan came out her throat, "I'm cuuuhhhhmmmmmiiinnnggg."

Her cervix tightened around his head. Like a cock ring. Her body surrendering to the ecstasy. At the peak of her climax he erupted sending a river of cum deep inside her writhing hole.

He lay across her back holding each of her breasts in his large hands. His organ still pumping its white gold. There was so much cum it was now running freely down the inside of her legs.

Vickie cupped her hands collecting as much as she could. He stepped back, his cock slipping from her gaping snatch. Vickie dropped quickly to her knees smearing the overflow onto his semi erect cock.

"Can't let any go to waste." she said before stretching her full lips around his girth sucking him clean.