 One of the clients that our video production company serves is the local law enforcement agency. They often hire our services to produce videos about how to avoid falling prey to consumer scams, how to report crimes, why crossing guards do what they do and so on. 

While we typically assign a producer such as myself to these projects to help with scripting, lining up shots and the like, the agency we work with has a talented staff member who handles these types of assignments with skill. His name is Brett, and with Sara's help, they have been able to produce many great shows.

This hasn't always been the case. The first few officers the agency sent over were your stereotypical donut-munching, cruiser-sitting types with expansive midsections and all the charm of a wet dishcloth. So, when the agency assigned Brett, it was a huge change.

Sara noticed many other things about Brett besides his skills as a video producer. In his mid-30s, Brett is muscular with a very short haircut, movie star good looks and charming as all get out. As Sara and Brett produced more videos, she couldn't help but mention on more than one occasion how attractive she thought he was, and that she often thought about him while making herself cum. She even confessed that on several occasions, she had to make a point of mentioning Brett's wife and young daughter to prevent her hands from wandering while sitting next to him in her edit suite. 

One morning, I came into work and noticed that Sara was looking very attractive. Her hair was done up beautifully, and she was wearing one of my favorite button up blouses that gave me a great view down her cleavage. "What's up? You have a date today?" I asked.

"No," Sara said, "Ken, I'm going to have to beg off lunch today. We are under a very tight deadline for the show Brett and I are working on, and we're going to have to work on it all day to get it done on time."

"Oh, I see," I said, a twinge of jealousy coming through in my voice. "You have a hot date with the cop."

Sara sighed. "No, Ken, it's not like that. The chief wants it ready to air by the end of the week, and we have to go all out on the project. Rain check?"

"Yeah," I said. "I guess. But, behave yourself."

"I will be on my best behavior," Sara said, raising her right hand with her index and middle finger raised in a scout's salute. 

About half an hour later, Brett arrived. From my office door, I could see Sara greet him with a hug. Funny, I had never seen her do that before. I watched as they went into Sara's edit suite, and I caught her shooting Brett a smile as they walked in. The door closed behind them, and I swear I could hear the sound of the lock engaging.

Why would she do that? My mind started racing. Could they be doing something? could this be the time when Sara put her mind toward being with Brett to satisfy her curiosity and her aching pussy?

I tried to get my mind off of what was happening, but the scenario started playing in my head. I could imagine her right now, pulling Brett's mouth to hers to plant a deep, wet kiss on his lips. I could imagine her untucking Brett's polo shirt and lifting it over his head, kissing down his chest as she unbuckled his pants.

I could clearly envision Brett unbuttoning Sara's blouse, running his hands over her ample breasts before reaching behind her to unhook her bra. I could almost hear him catch his breath as her large tits spilled out, her nipples hard, ready for his touch and his tongue.

I wanted to pick up the phone to play dumb and just ask a stupid question to reassure myself that nothing was happening, but I had a pile of work I had to tend to, and the images playing in my mind already had my cock rock hard.

I could imagine Sara getting on her knees, dropping Brett's pants and sliding down his briefs, his cock springing to attention right in front of her face. I could see her pushing him down onto the desk chair before licking his swollen head, tasting his precum before taking him all the way. I could see him running his hands through her gorgeous blonde hair, guiding her movements as he timed his thrusts into her hot, eager mouth. I could almost feel Sara's fingertips gently caressing his balls as she sucked lustfully. 

I could imagine her stopping after a few minutes, dropping her jeans and panties and straddling Brett, sitting on the chair. With one hand on his strong, broad shoulder, she grabbed his cock with the other hand and teased her wet pussy with the tip, moaning gently before sliding him fully inside her. 

By this point, my curiosity was overwhelming me. I had to listen in to see what was happening in her edit suite, but how was I going to walk out into the hallway with my raging erection? I grabbed a file full of papers that I could use to hide the bulge in my pants, stood up and tried by best to tuck the tip of my hard cock into my underwear's waistband and walked out to her edit suite. 

I stopped in front of the door and opened the file folder, trying my best to look inconspicuous. Straining to listen, I could hear the show's theme music playing and I could hear Sara giggle. Oh, my god! I knew for sure that they were doing it, using the theme music to cover the sounds of their love making, and Brett was no doubt buried deep into Sara's tight, wet pussy. 

I had to do something... I mean, I was going to explode right there in the hallway. Instead, I diverted to the executive bathroom and locked the door behind me. I pulled my pants down, freeing my throbbing erection. As I began stroking myself, my mind went back to what I thought was happening with Sara and Brett. 

After riding his hard cock for a while, pulling Brett's face between her large tits, Sara pulled herself off of him, walked over to the edit desk and bent over. With one hand braced against the desk, she reached her other one between her legs, spreading her swollen, wet pussy lips apart. "Brett, I want you to fuck me from behind. Now. Please."

I could see Brett stand up, put one hand on her hip and with his other, guide his throbbing cock into Sara's waiting pussy. As he slid all the way in, I could see Sara's eyes close and a smile engulf her face. "Oh, yeah, Brett. Give it to me."

I timed the strokes of my cock to how fast I imagined Brett was pumping into Sara's pussy. Slowly at first, feeling every inch of her tight, wet pussy as he pushed deep inside her. I could almost hear Sara's gentle moans as she moved her hand between rubbing her clit and pinching one of her hard nipples. The more turned on she became, the harder she pushed back as he thrust in, intensifying the feelings both were experiencing. 

I stroked my cock faster as I imagined Sara getting closer to her orgasm, Brett now pumping furiously into her pussy, reaching around to cup her breasts as he thrust into her savagely. "OH, FUCK yes!" I could hear Sara grunting as loudly as she dare in her edit suite as she came, wave after wave of pleasure breaking over her while she rubbed her clit. I could imagine this being too much for Brett, and he came shortly after her, pumping his cum deep inside of Sara.

Just then, I furiously finished the last few strokes on my cock, shooting my own cum into a tissue I held in front of me. I was totally spent, having been thinking turned on about this for the past hour. I disposed of the evidence, cleaned up, splashed my face with a little bit of water and looking into the mirror, composed myself.

As I exited the washroom, I turned the corner and saw Sara. My heart sank, "What are you doing out of the edit suite? Don't you and Brett have to get that show done?"

"We did," said Sara. "But, it turns out that it only needed a little tweaking and we were done." Sara smiled, "so, you free for a little lunch, and maybe something else?"

Oh boy. I invited Sara to my office and told her what had happened. 

"Wow, you really do have an active imagination, don't you?" Sara said. "Look, tomorrow, save it up for me. OK?"