 The following story is true. Most of the names have not been changed to protect the innocent (a few were changed, just to throw a would be acquaintance off the scent). This story is almost a completely straightforward, un-embellished retelling of events. This is my first submission, as well as my first attempt to write something that anyone would be interested in reading (besides checks, my creditors are very interested in those – lol).

I always thought they were crazy. I have friends in cover bands that would tell me how the girls throw themselves at the guys in the band in between sets, hoping to line up some action for the end of the night. My general response was "You are so full of shit". Apparently, there is some truth to it. I know about rock stars and how much action they get. I guess I never thought it would carry through to cover bands. It must have something to do with being in the limelight.

Anyhow, here I am, a drummer (let the jokes begin – what do you call a guy that hangs out with musicians – the drummer, etc) in a cover band formed just to play at a girl's dorm party at the request of Jody, a girl in the dorm. This dorm is actually one of a series of oversized houses on the college campus, instead of having one apartment-sized dorm as so many colleges do. So my friends and I decided what songs we would play a couple of weeks in advance and then quickly practiced them up. We met that day and ran through them all once, broke down and loaded the van and off we were to Jody's dorm.

I know most of the girls in the dorm because I hung out there a lot, mostly because Debbie, my former girlfriend of three and a half years went to college there. Since we broke up on pretty good terms, I didn't feel funny about being there, and as far as I could tell, Debbie was okay with it as well. We set up down in the basement where the party was to take place. Around 9pm, the girls worked their way down the stairs and started hanging out, eating party food, and drinking beer from the keg. I don't recall anyone getting hammered, although most everyone did lean into the beer pretty hard.

We started playing around 11pm and ran two sets about a half hour each. In between sets, I shot the shit with most of the girls there. Hillary (commonly referred to as Hills, the obvious play on the name, as well as a reference to her rather significant chest) and I casually spoke of plans for the summer, and other light chitchat. The girls danced through all of the songs, which made me feel good about the selections we had made.

We ended up playing "Beastie Boys – Fight For Your Right to Party". It is a song that neither the guy that sang for us or myself really cared for, but Jody did ask if we could play it (BTW, a third grader just handed a guitar for the first time could probably work their way through – and lyrically it holds similar interest, for those of you not familiar with the song). For something different, Tim, our lead singer chose to replace the lyrics with the Hokey Pokey – they fit perfectly. You gotta fight, for your right, to HOOO-key!

During this song, Tim invited Hills to dance / demonstrate the song. When he got to the "shake it all about" portion of the right arm lyrics, he grabbed Hillary by the shoulders and shook her left and right so her tits bobbled around. Everyone laughed as she leaped away.

After our second set was over, Hills offered to help me break down my drum set and carry it out to the van. When we were done, almost out of nowhere, we ended up having a little make-out session in it. I must say that she is a fine kisser, but I would be lying if I said that anything else happened that night.

A few months later, Tim, a friend of his, and myself ended up renting a house together. Of course we had to have a house warming party. We invited just about everyone we could think of. There were only two requirements to attend the party. If you drove, you had to leave your keys at the door, so your ability to drive could be assessed prior to departure. The other was that you had to bring a condom. We also suggested bringing sleepwear and a pillow, because the plan was that everyone was to get sauced. For the party, we put the band back together. This would be our final performance (what a run we had).

This night, Hillary made her presence and intentions much clearer. Even a dullard like myself could pick up on the signals. After our second set, I did have to blow her off a little because I had to play hostess. While on door guard duty, we did manage to sneak away for a little while for another make-out session in my car. This time, we did spend enough time to steam up the windows and, more importantly, I got my chance to run my hands all over her well-endowed chest.

Did you ever notice how redheads can either be kind of plain-Jane looking, or they can be drop-dead gorgeous? Hills is a traffic stopper for sure. She stands about five foot four, 120 pounds (Hillary – if you ever read this, forgive me if I guessed high), beautiful shoulder length dark red hair, lightly freckled skin, a perfectly shaped ass that you can eat off of, and an absolutely stunning set of boobs. We used to joke that if she wore a shirt with her name on it, it would look like - hi(L)(R)y. If you are familiar with Internet model Ashley Robbins, we are talking about a body something like that. Okay, she has big tits. I think I have driven the point home.

Hills also had a bit of a reputation around campus for being easy. On one hand, I always felt that was kind of mean. If guys sleep around, they get high fives. If girls do it, they are sluts. I never really cared for this attitude. On the other hand, I am a guy. Just like every other guy, when a hot girl is identified as easy, you want to get to know her better.

Once my turn at the door was over, and we came back inside (what a fine job I did), we pretty much went straight upstairs to my bedroom. On the way, we could hear some activity from the room next to mine. I knew neither of my roommates was in it, so I can only guess who or how many occupied it.

As soon as we got into my room, we started stripping each other. I finally got my first chance to see her beautiful set of tits. They were not saggy at all, and had light pink nipples the size of silver dollars. I couldn't help myself. I had to have them right away. Once I re-swallowed my heart, I started nursing on them. I never took my mouth off of them while I undid her pants and slid them off. Once her panties came off, I could see her perfect little pussy. Her red hair was trimmed nicely into a small triangle. I always fantasized about going down on a redhead and now it was about to happen.

I think she sensed my thoughts because right at that moment she shoved me onto the bed and gave me the best blowjob I ever had. My ex-girlfriend wasn't too bad, but Hills put her to shame. She expertly combined sucking my dick, licking up and down the shaft, and caressing my balls. After a very short period of time, I had to stop her, or I was going to blow my load.

I laid Hillary down on the bed and kissed her from her mouth, slowly down her neck, and down to her lovely boobs. Once I reached down between her legs, I found that she was very wet. I couldn't put it off anymore. I had to sample her juices right now. I kissed my way down her belly, and then from one hip to the other. As I worked my way home, I intentionally licked her mound and both sides of her swollen lips, further agonizing myself, and making the prize that much bigger. I guess Hillary couldn't stand it anymore because she grabbed two handfuls of my hair, and forced my mouth on her pussy. Her hips thrust up to meet me.

As I pushed my tongue into her, she let out a long low moan. I lapped at her pussy juices, and looked up to see her face. I watched her eyes roll up and close, as she was making "O" shapes with her lips. When I inserted my finger into her, she bit her lower lip. That did it. I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed at my condom and rolled it on, never stopping the assault on her pussy. I quickly climbed back up Hillary's body and slid my very stiff cock into her. 

Hillary gasped and held her breath as I slowly pushed my way in. At this point I was very happy to use my condom, or I would have surely blown my load right here. The upside of a condom is that with it, I can last a very long time. 

I wanted to instantly ram her pussy for everything I had, but Hillary was in control. She grabbed onto my ass with both hands and slowed me down into a nice groove as she gyrated her hips to meet mine. With one hand I tweaked and pinched her nipple while I sucked and bit the other. If Heaven truly exists, this, my friends, is exactly what it will be like.

Eventually Hillary and I flipped over and she was on top. She ground onto my cock as her tits swayed gently back and forth, riding me cowgirl. Okay, maybe this is what Heaven will be like. I reached up and pulled her head to mine and we kissed while she continued to grind. Her tits hung down and slowly dragged up and down across my chest (maybe there are different levels of Heaven). Hills really loves a slow fuck, but I still wanted to pound her pussy for all that I was worth.

We flipped around again and I finally got to tag her from behind. We started to pick up the pace a little and she became much more vocal with her moans. That was all I could stand. I reached up and grabbed a handful of her hair, pulled her head back, and started pumping like I was on fire. If anyone was still in the next room, it was no longer a secret what was going on. Hillary came hard. I let go of her hair and she collapsed her shoulders onto the bed, with her face into the pillow. There was no way I was going to keep this pace for very long, and I didn't want this fuck to ever end. I grabbed her by both hips and we brought it back to a slow grind. Still, I could not calm down the urge to cum.

Just as this was going through my head, Hillary said, "I want you to cum on my chest".

She climbed off the bed and got on her knees, removed my rubber and started stroking my cock as she licked my balls. I couldn't last anymore. I grabbed her hair and pulled her away from me. I wasn't fast enough. My first shot went across her chin, over her lips, onto the tip of her nose, on her forehead, and into her hair. She re-aimed my cock and I shot the rest of my load onto her tits. Nothing looks hotter to me than a girl with cum on her face.

It didn't occur to me at the time, but she used her shirt to clean herself up. We got back in bed and spooned and fell asleep. The next morning we fondled each other for a while but she needed to get up and make sure her ride didn't leave without her.

"Can I have a shirt to wear home? I can't wear mine."

"Sure," I said. "But I don't think I really have too much that is going to fit over your chest."

Hills laughed and I opened up a drawer filled with band tee shirts. She picked out a tour tee shirt of The Cure and put it on. I will say that she put it on, not that it fit. It said " T H E C U R E " as it stretched across her magnificent chest.

"Well, I guess you can keep it, because I doubt if it will ever fit me again", I said.

"Yeah, I don't think so either."

Once Hillary finished getting dressed, she picked up a pair of my drumsticks that did not used to be in my room.

"Where did they come from?" I asked.

"I picked them up after you were done last night. I hope you don't mind. I kind of want to take a souvenir back to the dorm because it will piss off my roommate."

"Ummm..." I managed. "Isn't she downstairs waiting to give you a ride home?"

"Yeah, but she has been really pissing me off lately. She has made a point of repeatedly telling me that she doesn't approve of my sexual adventures."

"Well, okay. Keep them, they're yours." I figured if she was big enough to tell me that she likes to sleep around, then I could be big enough to part with a five-dollar pair of sticks.

Sure enough, when we went back downstairs, there were people still sleeping on the floor, and her roommate Kris was sitting on the couch with a sneer. My roommate (and now former bandmate) Tim quickly slapped his hand on his mouth, and ran into the kitchen bursting in laughter. I am sure that Kris' sneer was jealousy. The previous night, she had also been talking to me, attempting to make a move, but Hillary was far more assertive. I would have loved to hear the conversation on that car ride.

After everyone left, Tim told me how pissed off Kris was after Hills and I disappeared the night before. When I asked him why he ran out of the room laughing, he told me that The Cure was Kris' favorite band. The next time I saw Hillary, I asked her what she ever did with the tee shirt and drumsticks.

"I wear the tee shirt as a nightshirt, and I hung the sticks from the ceiling on a string. She won't even talk to me anymore. It has been the best two weeks of the whole year. Don't tell me you want them back."

"Not at all. I was just curious. Did you pick that particular shirt because of Kris?" I had to know.

"Damn right I did!" she said, and started to laugh. I couldn't help but to laugh myself. Never piss off a woman, they will get even.

"Soooo, when are you guys going to play again?" she asked.

"I don't know about the rest of them", I said. "But I am going to start as soon as you pucker up." 

Hillary and I did manage to get together during the summer for another fling, but we never really went anywhere after that. I never really figured out why. Maybe I will run into her again one day...