 "Thank you so much for all your hard work. Everything went splendidly," Esmee said to the caterer as she handed him the check.  

The caterer turned and went to oversee the last of the carts being loaded into the box truck, and Esmee turned and continued through the parking lot. Mychl was leaning against the gray M37 with his collar undone and his tuxedo jacket draped over his arm. Esmee giggled at the sight, and thought that this scene would be a great advertisement for Infiniti. Mychl smiled as she approached and extended his arm. Esmee slipped her hand around his elbow, and he escorted her around the back of the car. He opened the passenger side door and took Esmee's hand, allowing her to ease into the seat. Mychl closed the door and walked around to take his place in the driver's seat. He pushed the ignition button; the console came to life along with the engine. Mychl began driving into the night.  

"I don't know why you insist on personally handing out the checks. I am sure Samantha is capable of making sure all the vendors get paid. She has been your assistant for over a year now." Mychl said. 

Esmee let her hand rest on Mychl's knee as she responded,"Oh, Sam is fully capable. I just like to thank everyone personally. They do so well at all my benefits." 

'Well, I had many very positive conversations tonight. I am expecting more than one D.O.U.S.'s in the final numbers," Mychl quipped.

Esmee smiled at their little inside joke and responded, "Donations of Unusual Size? I am not even sure those exist in this economy. You know everyone talks big when they have had their fill of food, drink, and dancing."

They continued down the road in silence. The radio was not even turned on. Esmee appreciated the contradiction the quiet provided to all the introductions, conversations, and white noise from earlier. She was gazing out her window watching the street lights flicker by when she realized ... they missed their exit. Esmee looked inquisitively over at Mychl and suddenly she understood. Mychl did not return her gaze, but rather kept his eyes on the road ahead. He did have a certain expression on his face. This expression was not a common mannerism of Mychl's, but it was familiar to Esmee. Mychl had a plan. 

The weariness of the day was replaced by an excitement inside of Esmee. She remembered fondly the stormy night when her silence was demanded. What would this night hold for them? The answer was hiding. It wasn't to be found in the spread of light from the cars headlamps just yet. No..... They were in pursuit of it. The question was simply what were they chasing?

No more than ten minutes later they arrived at their destination. It looked to be some sort of industrial complex. As was expected for this time of night, it was empty and desolate. The warehouse that Mychl had parked in front of was clean and new, and still it seemed abandoned as it had no markings or signage. Without a single word, Mychl turned the car off, exited, walked around to the passenger side, and opened the door for Esmee. Taking her hand they walked to the only door of the warehouse and stopped. From behind his back, Mychl produced a skinny black stick. On the end of the stick was a black masquerade mask. The mask had shiny black embroidery and black pearls all over it. It looked as if it had been made to match Esmee's evening dress. What was peculiar about the mask was that it had no openings for the eyes. It was some kind of intricate blindfold. Mychl offered the mask to Esmee. Her curiosity was building as she took the stick in her hand, and lifted the mask over her eyes. She heard the door open and he guided her inside. 

Esmee was sure that they had entered a dark room; there was no hint of light creeping in around the sides of the mask. The size of the room had to have been substantial as their footsteps made a definite echo. Esmee assumed they must be walking towards some sort of light source as her peripheral vision noticed the pitch black transitioning into gray. They must have walked forty paces, and with each step the glow grew stronger and stronger. Finally, Esmee felt Mychl ease them to a stop, and he slowly lowered the mask away from Esmee's eyes. 

For the first few seconds Esmee was blinded by how bright her surroundings were. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust. As her surroundings came into focus, she saw that they were in a highly concentrated cone of light. The light was very intense and originated from somewhere high above her. The intensity of the light was so great that it only allowed her to see that which was inside it's boundaries. This island of light contained Mychl, herself, and some sort of circular bed. The bed was located in the center of the circle of light and had only a stark white fitted sheet. The floor was made of what seemed to be sealed cement, and had a heavy gloss which was speckled with shiny silver flakes. Esmee assumed this was some sort of showroom.

Mychl took Esmee's hand in his own and began to lead her around the bed. His eyes never left her face, but he would pause as they walked and turn his body towards the outside of the circle. Their movements had the rhythm of an elaborate waltz, yet Mychl was acting as if he were making some kind of grand presentation. When they had reached their spot of origin in the circle he released Esmee's hand and removed all his clothing except for his black boxer briefs. Esmee was intrigued at how formal Mychl was acting, as well as the level of his arousal judging from the bulge forming between his legs. He neatly folded his clothes and placed them just outside the boundary of the light. He then walked behind Esmee and eased his head above her shoulder. His lips traced Esmee's shoulder and neck and Mychl breathed her fragrance in deeply. 

Esmee had worn her hair up for the benefit, which allowed Mychl access to kiss her softly on the back of her neck as his hands slowly lowered the zipper on the back of her dress. He continued kissing down her neck and over her shoulders as his fingers delicately lifted the spaghetti straps off of, and then over, her shoulders. They both were now just in their underwear and, taking Esmee's hand, he led her around the circle again. Mimicking the movements of their previous walk, Mychl paused and turned their bodies towards the outside. His eyes never left hers, with the lone exception being that with each pause he slowly looked her up and down. She could literally feel his eyes as they took in her every curve. Then , as his eyes eventually met hers again, he would lead her to the next stop. Esmee realized that they were pausing in the same places as they made each orbit; the same four spots each time. 

As they completed their second revolution, Mychl slipped his final article of clothing from his body; his manhood springing out from his body. He moved in front of her and reached his arms around her back. He pressed his lips against hers as his fingers found the clasp of her strapless bra. The bra came undone very quickly and also fell to the floor just beside her dress. Esmee could feel her nipples just barely touching Mychl's bare chest as he began to trace her lips with his tongue. He repeated this motion a few times before clutching Esmee to himself. As their chests pressed against one another, Mychl drew Esmee's lower lip into his mouth. He rhythmically drew her lip in and out from between his own. Then he slightly closed his teeth and withdrew his face from hers. She felt the friction of her lip being drawn out from between his teeth as he pulled away. 

He slipped behind Esmee and slowly removed the remainder of her own clothing. Instead of taking Esmee's hand, Mychl placed each of his hands on her hips as he guided her on yet another tour around the bed. At each of the four stops he would slide behind her and stare out into the darkness. Esmee realized that this was the first time he had taken his eyes off of her body. He did not strain, but simply looked directly at the darkness as if he knew exactly what he wanted to see. Esmee peered into the darkness, but nothing gathered her focus. It was simply darkness. Mychl's hands slipped up Esmee's sides and around to her chest. His body pressed in closely to Esmee's back and she could feel his hardness pushing against the small of her back. 

The room was warm, and the slight beginnings of perspiration made both of their bodies slick to the touch. They began to sway together as Mychl slowly allowed his fingers to circle around Esmee's breasts. Making slow clockwise circles he resumed his kissing of her neck. He reversed the motion of his hands and slid his tongue down her neck and over her shoulders. Then just as his hands were reaching the point directly under her breasts, he took each one of them in his hands and kneaded them deeply. As he did this Mychl's teeth converged on the place where Esmee's neck met her shoulder. His pressure was firm and just on the brink of being too much. 

Nevertheless, Esmee's eyes shot open as the adrenaline coursed through her body. The gentleness of Mychl's licks and kisses caused her eyes to close, but this contrast jolted her senses. Looking over at Mychl's face, Esmee saw that he was still intently looking out into the darkness. Again, Mychl placed his hands on Esmee's hips and they completed yet another revolution of the circle. Even though they had moved, Mychl was still staring out into the darkness. As they came to a halt, Mychl took Esmee's hand and lifted it over her head. His wrist began a slow circle and Esmee understood the movement as a leading for her to spin on herself. As this spin completed, Mychl lowered their hands and stepped away from Esmee. Esmee was confused, but Mychl just stood there looking into the darkness. They stayed like this for what seemed like a full minute, and then, as if on cue, Mychl returned to her side. 

He took her hand, yet again, and this time led her over toward the bed. Esmee took a seat on the edge. Mychl again looked out into the darkness. It was at this moment that Esmee felt the floor move ever so slightly beneath her feet. It took her a moment before she realized that it wasn't the floor, but rather the bed that was moving. It wasn't a very fast movement at all. If Esmee had not had her feet on the floor she would have never noticed the bed's rotation. It seemed that this wasn't so much a bed as it was a ... pedestal. Mychl joined Esmee on the bed. He sat up on his knees behind her. His knees were resting on either side of her hips. He leaned back and Esmee did likewise. Mychl moved his hands towards Esmee's face. He allowed the back of his fingers to skim down from Esmee's temples, along her cheeks, and over her neck. 

Mychl rotated his wrists slightly and moved his fingertips and palms down over her breasts, down along her stomach, over her hips, and along the sides of her thighs. Once his hands were as far as they could reach, he slid his hands up her body in the exact same manner. As his hands reached her shoulders again, they did not continue up her neck as before. This time they slid out over her arms and down to her hands. Mychl guided Esmee's right hand up towards his face. He leaned his head forward and took Esmee's index finger into his mouth. She watched as he guided her finger past his lips and felt his warm tongue on her fingertip. It was then that Esmee noticed that Mychl was still staring out into the room.

Esmee directed her own eyes in the same direction that Mychl was looking. Something had changed. Esmee wasn't sure if the cone of light was lowering in intensity or if the ambient light in the large room was intensifying. Regardless of the mechanism, the darkness outside their circle was taking shape. At first she could only make out certain silhouettes, but gradually these random shapes became much clearer. Mychl removed Esmee's finger from his mouth and took her hand towards her own face. Slowly Mychl eased Esmee's index finger into her own mouth along with his own. Esmee could taste Mychl's mouth on her finger. With his other hand, Mychl reached around Esmee's body and eased her legs apart. It was in this moment that the scene outside of their circle came fully into focus.

Surrounding the circle of light were four leather loveseats. In each of these loveseats sat a man and a woman. Esmee did not recognize any of the faces that were peering back at her. These figures were quiet but not motionless. Their hands were exploring the bodies of their partners. One couple leaned back in their love seat, each of their hands lost under the fabric of the other's clothes. Another couple was much less discrete as Esmee saw the slow movements of the woman's hand up and down the shaft of her partner. The woman had pulled her leg up on the loveseat and the man was returning her strokes with his own between her open legs. No matter the motions, Esmee realized that none of the couples looked upon each other. No ... they were all watching every movement that she and Mychl made. 

Mychl eased the fingers out of Esmee's mouth. Guiding both of their hands he placed them between Esmee's legs. Mychl slipped his fingers between Esmee's and slowly moved both of their hands over her cleanly shaven lips. Esmee could feel the warmth of the fingers that had been in their mouths as they slipped inside of her. She heard a soft moan come from one of the women in the outskirts. Esmee removed her own hand from herself and replaced her fingers in Mychl's mouth. Mychl felt the taste of Esmee flood his tongue and he pressed his fingers even deeper inside her. 

Mychl drew up from off of his knees and laid flat on his back. Esmee threw her leg over Mychl's body and leaned down to kiss him deeply. Slipping down his body it was her turn to kiss and lick along his neck and shoulders. She continued kissing him on his chest and then slowly took his nipple into her own mouth. She stayed this way for a moment. Just before she stopped, she clinched her own teeth onto him, returning the favor of taking him to the place just before pleasure turns into pain. Reaching down between her legs she took hold of his cock. She squeezed it slightly as she slipped her hand up and down his shaft. He was throbbing between her fingers as she guided him inside of her.  

Esmee's hips rose and fell on top of Mychl many times before she was able to gather the strength to open her own eyes. The cries from the outsiders were gaining momentum. She heard one of the women say, "Yessss," and a man exhale loudly with a sigh. As she looked out over the spectators she saw that their actions had also intensified. Their eyes never left Mychl and Esmee, but their bodies were seeking out any way to feel the sensations of what they were watching. Each of them seemed to be doing their own interpretation of what they saw. 

Mychl grabbed Esmee around her waist and rolled over. Esmee rose up on all fours and Mychl took his place behind her. Esmee kept her knees close together, and Mychl placed his own knees on the outside of Esmee's calves. Taking his cock in his hand, Mychl slipped it up the crease of Esmee's thighs and pressed himself deep inside of her again. He stayed motionless for just a moment, enjoying the warmth of her body around his shaft. His hands went to both sides of her hips as he slowly pushed and pulled himself within her. He began to penetrate her faster and faster. Mychl released his grip on one of her hips and ran his hand up her spine. He gripped one of Esmee's shoulders which caused her to arch her back even further. Esmee looked back at Mychl. He was biting his lower lip as he watched himself disappear inside her body. 

At the time when the spectators were the most exposed, Mychl was completely focused on her. Even though the outsiders were growing even louder, she heard them less and less. Michael popped up to his feet allowing his hips to swing even wider and move more deeply into her. His hand left her shoulder and he quickly drew his thumb into his mouth coating it with his own saliva. He rested his palm in the small of her back, and taking his wet thumb he made tiny circles around her asshole. Each circle brought more pressure, and as Esmee felt Mychl's orgasm erupt inside her his thumb slipped into her ass. The tremors of pleasure began shooting through their bodies. Mychl simultaneously felt his thumb and cock milked by the quaking of Esmee's own orgasm. The sounds of the room faded away, and all Esmee heard were the cries of Mychl as their bodies collided in a glorious finale.

The cone of light exploded into its full intensity. Its boundaries were blanketed in darkness again. Esmee wondered for a moment about the spectators, but slowly her curiosity gave way to understanding. This night wasn't about the spectators. This night was about desire. A desire so great that it overflowed from its origin and consumed all that it could reach. This night wasn't about reproducing the desire of others, but rather becoming a catalyst for desire. Mychl and Esmee were not like the others. Mychl and Esmee were the ones who were... Illuminated.

*****

The editorial assistance of WickedInside was greatly appreciated in writing this story.