 As you have probably figured out by now, I have an excellent imagination. I have imagined us together many times, in many different ways.

I have imagined how it would feel to kiss you. Now I know, and it was better than I had imagined it to be. I like the feel of your lips on mine and the way our bodies melted together as we kissed. It's a wonderful feeling. It left me wanting much more. 

I can feel your hands on the small of my back, pulling me closer to you. I want to get as close as possible. As our kisses grow more passionate, my hands are wrapped tightly around your neck with my hands stoking your hair. I am enjoying these feelings, wanting to be closer to you.

Your hands are now stroking my back and my ass. I love the way your hands feel on me. I want us to be naked with each other, feeling each other's bodies but we are in no hurry, enjoying just feeling.

My hands are now stroking your face as our kisses and touches get bolder. You are now kissing my neck, sending goose bumps down my spine! I am also kissing your neck. I want to kiss every inch of you! 

As you kiss my shoulders, you move the material away so you can taste my bare skin. You slide my shirt and bra strap down my upper arm, exposing my flesh to the air and your lips. I moan……..When you kiss that sensitive spot where my shoulder and neck meets I gasp! You have found one of my most sensitive spots! I run my fingers down to your waistband, pulling your shirt out so I can run my hands under it. I want to feel your bare chest. We pull apart from each other a bit so I can pull your shirt off over your head and kiss your bare skin as it is revealed to me. This goes very slowly, as I want to make sure I don't miss a spot. 

You are removing my shirt also gently pulling it up over my head. We embrace each other again, needing to feel skin against skin. My hard nipples are poking your chest and our kissing is very passionate, very intense, filled with unmet needs. 

You reach down and squeeze my right tit. You take the nipple and roll it around between your thumb and forefingers making it stand up hard and proud. Then, you squeeze my left tit, rolling the nipple around and making it hard. My tits are very sensitive and sometimes I can cum with just having them played with. You reach down and take one of my nipples into your mouth, sucking it. Oh God……That feels so Good! While you are sucking one, your hand is playing with the other, kneading it, rolling the nipple around, gently pulling it. This is driving me wild! I can feel my pussy get so wet. Then you switch tits, and suck on it and knead the one you had just had your lips wrapped around. 

I am kissing your shoulders, your neck, anything I can get my lips on! My hand wanders down to the front of your pants, rubbing your hard cock through your pants. This makes you moan and the vibration of your mouth on my tit while you do this is indescribable. I undo your pants and open them up so I can feel you in my hand. I reach into your shorts and gently pull you cock out, running the tips of my fingers over it. You reach down and unfasten my jeans and stick a finger in, searching for my clit.


While I am running my fingers and hand over your cock, you are rubbing my clit. We are kissing passionately again, practically swallowing each other at this point. I move away from you a bit and tug your pants and shorts down; over your hips, down to your knees, and finally down to your ankles. I am looking you in the eyes as I do this. I lick my lips and kneel down, and start kissing and licking, first at your beltline, down to your hips, and down the inside of your thighs, not touching your cock and balls……………yet. 

When I think you are teased enough, I lick my lips, and start to lick the head of your cock. I run my tongue all along the rim, and I stick my tongue into your slit. I open the slit with my fingers and blow into it, making you moan with pleasure. I run my tongue all the way from the head of your cock to the underside of your balls. When I reach that sensitive spot under your ball sac, I flick it with my tongue while my hand is stroking your cock. I quit doing that so I can take your balls in my mouth, one at a time, and roll them around. 

After sucking on your balls for awhile, my mouth replaces my hand on your cock. I take you into my mouth, all of you, suddenly. This makes you moan again. When you are buried all the way into the back of my throat, I just hold you there, enjoying the feel of you filling my mouth. It feels so good! I start to suck on you now, slowly up and down. Up and down. Every once in awhile, I pull your cock out and blow on it. Suddenly to gobble it up again. When I feel you are close to cumming, I fuck my mouth with your cock faster, and roll your balls around in my hand. I am sucking you harder and faster now and you moan loudly as you cum.You taste soo good! I suck you until I am sure that you have shot all of your load. Then I take you out of my mouth and lick your cock, and balls to make sure I get all of it!

By this time, you need to taste my pussy. You pull my jeans down over my ass, my hips, down to my knees, and finally to my ankles. I then kick them off. I lay on the bed now, and you lay next to me. You lean over and kiss me while your hand is playing with my pussy. You pull my pussylips apart and start to rub my clit in little circles. You can smell my wetness, and you then stick a finger in my wet pussy. Bringing your finger to your lips, you lick the juice off. Then you stick it back in and bring it to my lips, tracing them with your fingertip and put your finger in my mouth for me to lick. You move a little on the bed so you can get to my pussy. You lift my legs and put them on your shoulders so you can have easier access to my pussy. You start to lick me with long strokes making me gasp with immense pleasure at your touch. You flick my clit with your tongue causing it to get harder. 

Then as you stick your tongue inside of my love tunnel, you use your fingers to "jack off" my clit at the same time. As you tongue fuck me faster and faster, jacking off my clit faster and faster, I explode all over your tongue. I cover your tongue with my cum. While I am cumming you stick a finger on my asshole and that makes me cum even harder and longer. You continue to lick me and I can feel another orgasm building and say, "don't stop, oh please don't stop!" You don't but you stick that finger into my ass, fucking me with it. My hips are fucking your finger, and your tongue. I am climbing the climb of ecstasy and cum all over your tongue. 

I reach down and pull you up to me. I want to feel you inside of me. I need to feel you inside of me. You grab my legs and put them over your shoulders as you glide your cock into my pussy. You slowly slide it all the way in, stopping when you are completely buried. Your cock filling me up feels so good . You start to slowly pump inside of me and I am meeting each one of your strokes. We fuck like this for awhile and it feels so damn good! Then our pace picks up and the next thing you know your cock is flying in and out of me. You are fucking me fast and hard. 

I can feel another orgasm building as you pull out. I groan because I was getting very close again and you tell me to kneel on all fours as you are going to fuck me doggie style. This is my favorite position so I quickly kneel and you stick your cock back in. You fuck me fast and hard and play with my clit while you are pumping in and out of my pussy. I feel the orgasm building again, and you slow down a little and move the hand that was playing with my clit and stick a finger in my ass. I am moving my hips back to fuck your cock and your finger faster and harder. As I cum again, this time when my pussy is contracting with my orgasm, this sets you off and you cum too. You couldn't stand it anymore when my pussy was squeezing your cock hard and blew one hell of a load inside me. 

You hold your cock inside of me until it's soft and then pull out. We both collapse on the bed, side by side, snuggling in the after glow.