 Imogene didn't exactly like the early mornings but she always felt better after a visit to the gym. In a way it helped her think more clearly when she was at work. She signed in at the gym reception and picked up a locker key, as she turned away the girl behind the desk stopped her and handed her a voucher.

"What's this for?" Imogene asked "There is a new massage company working here. I guess they are trying to drum-up business. This is for a freebie." said the girl "What's the catch?" thought Imogene, stuffing the flier into her bag and turning towards the changing rooms.

She changed quickly, eager to get on with her workout and get to work. The earlier she got on with things the sooner she would finish her the latest project that her slave driving boss had her working on.

The machines really took a pounding that morning as Imogene worked out her frustrations. She channelled all her negative energy from the stress of her job and her boss into the treadmill, the bike and the rowing machine. Her last set on the stepper was going really well too, she could almost feel the calories being used up, but then a hot stab of pain hit her in the leg. She hit the stop button and hobbled of the machine. Her thigh felt as though there was a flame inside it and, try as she might, she couldn't stretch it out. 

Disheartened, she limped towards the changing room, another problem to add to her woes. One of the trainers asked her if she was ok and she explained what happened. He looked concerned and told her that it could be a torn muscle.

"You should get some ice on it and check with your Doctor." he said "Or, coming to think of it, we could get the Physio to check you out now?"

She agreed and with his help made her way to the Physiotherapy room and deposited herself on the treatment table. The trainer went to find the therapist so she was left on her own. The walls were covered in posters of skeletons, muscle structures and generally reminded her of her GCSE Biology classes. With a giggle she remembered the crush she had on her teacher, Mr.....?

"Well I thought I would just be spending the day giving free massage. I wasn't expecting an emergency!" said a deep voice behind her.

She turned to be greeted by an extended hand and smile.

"My name is David." he said, taking her small hand in his and shaking it surprisingly gently. Imogene couldn't really believe her eyes, a tall, lightly tanned man with a crooked smile and laughing eyes. It was as if her childhood remembrance of teacher had just walked through the door. "Imogene." she managed.

"I understand that you have hurt yourself? Very careless, these gyms are a death trap you know? I'm going to need you to take your leggings off so I can get to the problem." said David as he washed his hands in the small sink.

Imogene managed one running shoe but the pain in her leg made it impossible to manage the other.

"Let me help you." he said, seeing her obvious discomfort. He knelt before her and proceeded to undo her laces. She could help but admire his broad shoulders. "Do you need any help with the rest?" he enquired. The crooked smile was back.

"I think I can manage thank you." she replied, desperately trying to remember what knickers she had put on this morning. David was rummaging in the towel cupboard so she managed to slip one round her waist without him seeing one of her better pairs of black lace high leg panties.

"Which leg is it?" he asked

"Left. In the thigh." she answered, hoping ungainly back onto the table. "Ok, just lie on your front and try and relax. If you get your face in the hole you should be able to get comfy." he said as he squeezed some massage oil into his hands.

Imogene tried to relax and banish thoughts of crushes and shoulders and strong hands. That lasted less than a second as she flinched as soon as David. His strong hands gently tested the muscles of her thigh, sending sparks up and down her body. She gripped the handholds tightly to top herself shivering.

"Hmmm it's definitely a torn muscle I'm afraid." said David, breaking the silence but not the spell. "I'll need you to come back later today so I can start you on some treatment. Meanwhile I suggest you go home and put your feet up. Try and get some ice on it if you can."

Reception called her a cab and she rang the office to tell them that she would not be in today. Her team mate Sally giggled when she told her about David.

"Well! I might have to pop down for free one myself." she teased.

Imogene felt a flare of jealousy at the thought of David's hands on anyone else. How silly, she thought. He probably sees tens of pretty girls a day. Why was she so attached to someone she had only just met? Well he was extremely attractive but his hands! So strong but so gentle when they touched her.

When she got home she ran her self a hot bath and finally got out of her gym kit. As she took off her knickers she was surprised to find that they were wet through. All her imaginings had obviously had quite an effect!

As she lowered herself into the warm water she imagined that it was David's arms wrapping her in his warm embrace. She ran her hands over her body fantasising that is what he would be doing if he were here. She massaged her breasts until her nipples stood out hard. Then, lead by the half forgotten feeling of a warmth between her legs, her hands moved across her stomach and onto the soft folds of her pussy. Gently she began to caress herself, envisaging that it was David's fingers circling her clitoris. She tried to imagine what the feel of his tongue would be like. Her fingers moved faster and faster in tune with the throbbing that was starting to spread from her pussy. She started to rock her hips as her movements became more and more urgent. It was so long since she had taken the time to pleasure herself that the rapidity of her arousal came as a shock. Already she could feel the crescendo of her orgasm building deep within her. She locked her legs against the wall and gave herself up to the passion. Soft moans escaped her as fingers slipped over her engorged bud. As the beginnings of a massive orgasm over took her she bit her lip to try and stop from screaming. Her body shuddered as the waves of her ecstasy washed through her, drawing her deep into her fantasy, she called his name...

She came back to herself some time later. The water was beginning to get cold so she ran some more hot water, washed her hair and body. Then, on a whim, she shaved her legs and tidied her pubic hair into a neat triangle. No mean feat considering how tender her pussy was. Her heightened state of arousal kept distracting her and it was some time before she dried off. The pain in her lag had now receded to a dull ache.

The rest of the day passed in a blur of work. Just because she could not come to the office was not much of an excuse these days so she spend the day working on a report on her laptop and taking calls from her boss who didn't seem to be able to do anything for herself. Before she knew it, it was time to go for her appointment.

She put on a tight little summer dress, with enough support so she did not have to wear a bra, her very best knickers and a pair of sandals. As she waited for here taxi she thought about what a state she was in when she had seen David this morning. She convinced herself that it was all a bit of a fantasy and she was in a vulnerable state. She'd probably not even look twice at him when she saw him now. Then she went and checked her make-up and put on some perfume.

The taxi ride took longer than expected and she was slightly late in getting to the gym. David was waiting for her in reception, looking even more perfect than before.

"I thought you might have stood me up." he said as they walked to the treatment room. The half smile was back again, as if he knew a secret no one else did. Imogene felt a single throb between her legs.

"N-no." she stammered. She could feel herself going red; he must think she was a real idiot! "No!" she said more firmly "The traffic was bad that was all. I wouldn't miss this appointment; you were so kind to me this morning."

"To be honest I was a little worried about you. You looked quite stunned."

"I was a little shocked that was all. I feel much better now." she lied. Her mind was playing tricks on her and she could not look at him without wanting to kiss those lips and feel his hands upon her body.

"Ok go in a get yourself up on the table. There are some spare towels if you need them. I'll be back in a second." David held the door open for her then turned back towards reception.

She went into the treatment room and found the spare towels. Quickly, she slipped her dress off over her head and laid it on a chair. Then she got up on to the treatment table and arranged the towel over her so nothing was on display and got into a comfortable position on the table with her face in the hole.

"Good!" he said on returning. "All we are going to do today is stimulate the blood flow to the damaged area. It felt like quite a big tear this morning but as I see that you are hobbling around ok then maybe it isn't. It might be a little uncomfortable for you but I need you to tell me where the pain is as we go on. I'll be as gentle as I can."

"I'll leave myself in your capable hands." she said to the floor. She thanked goodness that she was facedown so he couldn't see her blush.

He started massaging the base of her thigh, just above the knee. She took hold of the hand grips again as she let out little squeaks and moans, some because it genuinely hurt but others because of his attention on one her most sensitive areas.

He told her about his day and how, just as he thought, he had been giving free massages all day.

"I've been looking forward to getting my hands on you so I can do some real work."

"So have I." she mumbled. She was beginning to feel quite odd, as if the motion of his hands was in some way hypnotic.

By now he had his way up her leg to near the top of her thigh. He was standing up against the edge of the table.

"So does this still hurt?" he asked.

"Yes." she lied "A little higher and too the right."

David folded the towel up so that it was resting just at the base of her buttocks and began to massage where she directed him. His right hand was now brushing against the gusset of her knickers and her pouting labia. Surely he could feel the moisture leaking through them? She let out a little moan.

"Everything ok?" he asked

"I think you are getting to the root of the problem." she answered. She moved her left hand and was delighted to encounter David's erect penis restrained by his track suit trousers.

"I'm going to need you to turn onto your front." he said, sounding far too business-like.

Imogene gave in completely to the urges from inside her. She rolled over and let the towel fall to the floor. Her soft breasts hit the cool air and her nipples stiffened immediately.

"My leg feels much better now thank you, but you seem to have caused some side effects that need attending to." she traced the line of her opening through her knickers and moved her hand up to her mouth so she could taste herself. David didn't move. He didn't say anything. In a shock Imogene realised how foolish she had been. He probably had women throwing themselves at him all the time. Why would he want her? She sat up and tried to cover herself.

"I-I'm so sorry!" she gasped getting up to try and leave.

David still said nothing. But he moved. He held Imogene's head in his hands and bent his face to her's. Taking one long breath in to savour her scent he kissed her. Imogene froze. She couldn't move. All the muscles in her body had gone rigid. Then the sensation of his lips on hers broke through and she melted. Gently he pushed her back to the table and lifted her onto it. Then he knelt in front of her and ran is hands down her body the edges of her panties. He hooked his fingers into them and slowly drew them down her legs until they slipped off her feet. Then he held them to his face and took another deep breath in.

"I think I know the cure you need." he said dropping her sopping knickers to the floor. He ran his hands back up her legs and gently opened them exposing the tidy triangle she had spent so long creating that morning. He eased her back onto the table then, teasingly he opened her lips with his fingers. The feel of the cool air on her clitoris was maddening! The throbbing that had started when she arrived grew stronger and more urgent. Sensing her need David moved forward for his first taste of her juices. Now that his tongue was in place his hands were free to roam about her body, finding every sensitive spot and caressing it relentlessly. Imogene lay back in the heaven of his touch. His tongue sent flashes of pleasure right to the tips of her fingers and toes. His hands were just as she had imagined. She reached down to hold his head in place and put her legs over his shoulders. She knew the pleasure that he had awakened in her would not take long to surface as she felt the ache within her pulse stronger and stronger, building in intensity until it was taking her over. She pulled his face hard against her as her orgasm erupted through her body. For the second time today she bit her lip to stop from crying out but muffled grunts still escaped as she rode his face in time with the quivering inside her.

"I want to taste you!" she gasped.

Needing no further invitation, David moved up onto the table beside her. He pulled down his track suit bottoms and gently lifted her on top of him so that her face was directly above his manhood. Imogene took it in her hand gently as David moved his tongue back to her pussy. His cock was thick hard and had already begun to leak his cum. She ran her hand up and down its length then plunged it into her mouth. She closed her eyes and savoured the taste of his salty pre-cum, sucking hard on him and drawing his length deep into her mouth. Slowly she increased the speed of her attentions as David's tongue became more urgent on her swollen clit. She cupped his heavy balls with one hand and gripped his shaft with the other. Faster and faster she sucked his length, feeling him grow harder still in her mouth. His leaking grew stronger and she knew that soon she would be feeling his hot cum splash inside her. His tongue by now had reignited the flame in her vagina she knew exactly where she wanted to feel the spurt of his hot man juice. She turned around and sat astride him, pulling him up into the sitting position.

"I want to feel you cum inside me." she said, looking deep into his eyes and kissing him again. The taste of her juices only served to heighten her desire. Gently he lifted her put until the tip of his manhood was poised at her entrance. Slowly she sank down onto his shaft, letting out a slow sigh. His hard cock slid sublimely into her wet tunnel. She paused for a moment to catch her breath then, driven by her inner urges, began to rock back and forwards. She ground her clit against him, feeling the walls of her pussy gripping his length. She could feel his cock pulsing inside her and she rocked faster and faster, knowing that soon she would find release for the tension that had been building inside her for so long. They were kissing passionately now, hands exploring every part of each other's bodies. Then David reached down and cupped her buttocks, pulling her harder and more desperately against him. His breath was coming quickly now as they fucked each other with desperation. She knew he was close and the imminence of his climax sent her over the edge. Her pussy exploded in an orgasm that knocked all her senses but that of pleasure and sent shocks right through her body. Her pussy gripped and pulsed around his cock sending him beyond the point of no return. He pulled her tight against him and let out a cry as he shot a massive load of hot spunk deep inside her, as if this alone could quench her internal fire. His time she could hold back no longer, her screams escaped her mouth with each jet of cum filled her.

Totally satisfied she fell against him and lay in his arms, her mind transported outside her body for a time.

"My next appointment will be here soon." David said, his voice croaking.

"Can't they wait?" She asked, knowing the answer already.

"No, but I think I should see you again soon." the crooked smile was back in place.

"Really?" she said hoping neatly off the table and pulling her dress on over her head. His cum already started to leak from her aching pussy.

"Definitely, you never know when these things might relapse." he advised. "Leave those for me?" he asked as she started to pull her knickers back on.

It was her turn to smile. "What time do you finish this evening?" she asked.

"Around seven." he answered.

"Good. Here is my address." she said handing him a note she had written out at home. "Don't be late. I have a feeling my condition will need many hours of treatment."