 I practically pounce on you as you walk through the door.

It's been a long day, and I've been counting the minutes until you get home.

You're barely through the door, kicking off your shoes when I'm into your arms.

Legs wrapped around your torso, arms around your neck. You just chuckle, your arm coming around, your hands going directly to hold my ass.

You turn and walk us into the bedroom, dropping me gently and leaning over me, finally giving me what I've wanted all day.

You kiss me like your life depends on it, my hands automatically coming up to your hair, fingers entwining in it, giving it a gentle pull. 

I kiss you back harder, my legs coming up to wrap around your waist, I can feel you smile against my mouth as you bite my lip, pushing my body back onto the bed. Your tongue finds mine, battling against each other, investigating every piece of each other it can find. My hands find the bottom of your shirt, dragging it over your head as quickly as I can, my hands craving the feel of your heated skin.

You grab them as the start to wander towards your jeans, carefully holding my wrists in one of your large hands, above my head as you continue teasing me with your kisses. You slowly work across my cheek, to my ear, running your tongue along the outside shell slowly. I shudder beneath you, and you continue your torture down my neck, kissing, nibbling, until you get to a spot on my collar bone. You press a kiss there, before sinking your teeth into the soft spot, making me whimper. Getting impatient, I try and move my hands, desperately wanting to touch you, but you don't relent, instead moving to the other side of my neck, and giving it the same treatment.

Your lips wander down my collarbone, to the tops of my breasts. I'm breathing so heavily now they're practically shaking. You kiss them, bite them, and move towards the valley. I haven't bothered with a bra, so you easily push my singlet down with your face, finding a nipple and biting it gently. I moan, arching my back at you. You let go of my hands and look at me sternly. "Don't move them." you tell me, with that sly smile I adore. Your hands pull down my shirt, mine go to my face, covering it. You tsk at me, moving them back above my head and looking at my face. "Don't." is all you say, as your hands go back to my breasts, kneading them, teasingly running a a thumb around my nipples, before pulling at them. Your mouth can't decide which one it wants more, as you swap between them. Sucking, biting, licking. It's too much as I move against you, eager for some friction where I need it most.

You continue your path down, lifting my shirt slightly to press kisses to my hips, before running your tongue along the inside of my panties. Your hands go to the sides, tugging them down. I lift my hips to help, and my panties disappear over your shoulder. You kiss my inner thighs, before running your tongue along my core just once. I shiver, my hands going to your hair to hold you there, wanting more. Again you just chuckle and flip me over to my stomach.

Your warm hands run over my shoulders, down my back, then up my shirt. Your short nails dig into me as you scratch down my back, I arch to your touch, practically melting. You press your lips to my shoulder blades, my lower back. Suddenly a sharp stinging fills my senses as you spank my ass. You pull me to my knees, kissing the backs of them. "Count." you say. I don't expect what comes next, as another sharp blow comes to my rear.

"One." I say, breathless.

"Two," this one on the other side.

"Three," 

"Four,"

"Five,"

"Six," I practically moan, the stinging now turning into warmth.

"Seven."

"Eight," I can barely get out and you stop.

Turning to the side of the bed, you rifle through the draw finding what you're after. I don't move, waiting to see what comes next. I feel a slight wetness at my ass, your finger gentle. Running circles around my hole, gently probing it, before I feel something cold against it. I instinctively push back, feeling the small jewelled plug fill me. It stretches me slightly, and I sigh at the feeling. I push back against you,

feeling the hardness under your rough jeans. You spank my ass several more times, before I feel you move on the bed, pulling off your jeans and boxers. I feel your hard heat against my pussy. I try and move back, to take you, but you won't let me. You move just out of reach, teasing my clit with the tip. I whimper, not able to handle anymore teasing I'm that hot. You ignore my desperate pleas, continuing at your own pace. I beg, almost to the point of tears, when finally your whole length is suddenly inside of me. I practically scream at the feeling, as you slam hard. Two thrusts is all it takes, and I tighten and cum hard. You feel every throb, every twitch as my legs almost give out. You hold me in place, not slowing your pace, groaning at the feeling of how tight I am, being able to feel the plug. Everytime you thrust, I can feel it move, getting deeper as your pressed against me. You grab a fistful of my hair, bringing me up to my knees, you run your tongue along my neck and shoulder, before biting me hard. I moan and whimper, cumming again around you. You swear, feeling yourself getting close. You push me back down, your hands finding my hips and your thrusts get faster, Harder, more desperate. I'm barely able to keep on my knees, feeling another huge orgasm coming in. It crashes over me just as you thrust one final time.

I feel you pulsing and cumming inside me. My legs can't hold on anymore and I collapse onto the bed, you following me and landing on my back. I can feel you still inside me, my breath completely ragged. You slowly pull out of me, I whimper at the feeling, not really wanting you to. You rummage to find my panties, helping me put them back on. You pat my ass softly, lean over and whisper to me. "Keep the plug in. I want that next." You kiss my head, falling next to me and pulling me into your arms as we fall into a heavy sleep.