 I slowly come into consciousness, aware of the feeling of your lips on my skin. You're tracing my spine with your lips, my shirt pulled up to my shoulders as you move down, your hands smoothing the skin on either of my sides. I sigh contently at the feeling, squirming slightly when you find a particularly sensitive spot. I can tell you now know I'm awake by the smile on your lips, and the slight nip you give my hip.

I feel you move back up the bed, you kiss my shoulder once, before rolling on your side. I feel your hand running up my back, before it starts it's decent back down, nails dragging, making me arch against you. I move slightly, noticing you're removed the plug as I sleep. You pull me onto you, placing my legs either side of your waist. 

You pull my face down, meeting me with a kiss, your hands on my hips, pulling me against you to create friction. One of your hands comes up and dragging your nails down my side and I moan, desperately moving against you. You pull at my panties, getting them out of the way, and try to pull me back up. But I have other ideas, sliding down the bed, I just grin at you as I pull your boxers down. I run my tongue you're your hard cock, stopping to flick the head. I tease you, refusing to take you into my mouth, my nails gently digging into your thigh. You pull my hair, making your point of frustration apparent. I giggle, giving in and taking you as far as I can, bobbing my head. I hollow my cheeks and suck slightly, moaning around you. Your head rolls back at the feel of the vibrations and you let me go at my own pace. I'm getting into it now, enjoying the feel and taste of you, the taste of myself when you stop me. 

Pulling me back astride you, you position me above your hardness. I grin, moving slightly to position you and take your entire cock in one swift downward motion. You take a hold of my hips, moving me to your own rhythm, running your hands over my sides. I arch my back as I feel you push up against me. Your hands find their way back to my hips, stopping my movement. You pull out of me, pulling me forward just a bit and I understand what you're doing. I take a hold of your cock, holding it at my ass and gently lowering myself onto you. You stay perfectly still, letting me get used to the size of you. I bite my lip as I take more of you, the feeling of you stretching me that extra bit despite having the plug in, slightly overwhelming.

Finally I'm there, your entire cock in me. I rock my hips slightly, getting used to the full feeling, before deliberately tightening around you. A slight groan leaves you, and you slap my ass, raising an eyebrow at my giggle. I bite my lip, running my nails down your chest as I start to move. One of your hands comes around my hip, your fingers finding my clit as I start to move faster. Throwing my head back, I tighten around you again as I cum. You keep moving in me, keeping my previous pace, your finger still tracing circles around my clit, making my orgasm more intense.

I dig my nails into your sides, trying to keep myself together. The feelings are so overwhelming when I suddenly feel your finger inside my pussy. You move opposite your cock, as one thrusts in, the other out. I almost scream, the feeling so full and intense. I'm so tight around you now, you can barely move. Both your hands come to my waist, holding me as you keep thrusting, pulling me against you hard. I fall onto your chest, my face in your neck. My tongue traces the shell of your ear and I bite your neck, my nails still digging into anywhere my hands can reach. I can't stop twitching, it feels like I'm just going to keep cumming as you finally pull me down hard on you, one last time. Your moan is nothing more than a breath in my ear, I can feel your chest rising and falling rapidly as you try to breathe. You're twitching and pulsing inside me, occasionally thrusting into me again. I moan and tighten around you, causing you to groan and try and keep me still. I can't help but giggle in your ear. I kiss your cheek and snuggle into your neck, content, exhausted and feeling amazing.