 **I hope you enjoy this one. While there's very little specific details about either person, they are based on real events. Please comment and rate if you feel the compulsion.**

We'd only met once. He'd emailed me in response to a post I'd put on craigslist but was ultimately too afraid to go through with. I'd been looking for someone to dominate me, fearfully beginning to open up to the fact that I craved submission. He'd recommended me to a website for likeminded people and I set up a profile, posting a few of my erotic stories for him to read. We'd emailed some but never went beyond that for a while, losing touch over a few weeks of no contact until I'd gotten up the courage to invite him to hang out and smoke for a while. He was the consummate gentleman, rolling a blunt and teaching me a few tricks to rolling a good one. We talked for a while, smoked, watched cartoons and then he left. I couldn't decide when he left if I was disappointed or not at the fact that neither of us had made the move toward sex.

A few days later he emailed me, asking what I'd have done if he'd started acting out one of the stories I'd written and posted online.

The story I was pretty sure he was alluding to was one where "I" went into work on the weekend when no one was there other than a construction crew working on the building. 

So what would I do if he'd been bold and had grabbed me, roughly pushing me over the couch while pulling off my pants to assault me?

I probably would have helped. 

He told me to write him a story, write out my fantasy of what I wanted him to do to me, but try as I might, I could never figure out his story. A series of complications then came up so that I never did write the story or invite him back over.

I'd been thinking of it from time to time, especially when I was alone in my office with nothing to do. I'd pass the time reading or watching porn and fingering myself under my desk as discreetly as possible. I'd been walked in on on several occasions by runners from other attorneys bringing documents over and would try to play it off, pretending the hand down my pants wasn't actually down my pants, just in my lap.

I found him on another website, not the fetish site but a dating one that I didn't realize let user see who'd been looking at their profile. I'd study his profile, trying to work on my story for him, imagining him coming over again, rolling another blunt and smoking, same as before, only with my eyes closed and a hand down my jeans I'd imagine him passing the blunt before gently pulling down my pants and eagerly start licking my wet pussy as I sucked on the sweet blunt. 

Or I'd imagine him offer me the shotgun and as I lean in to take it he grabs my hair, pulling me hard against his mouth as he blows the smoke into my lungs, controlling me with the hand in my hair and another at my waist, sneaking under my shirt to pinch and pull at my nipples. 

Or I'd imagine him grabbing me as I come out of the bathroom and throwing me face down on my bed, easily holding my wrists above me with one hand as he finds the restraints tucked between the mattresses with the other.

Each scenario I'd imagine would play out in my mind with my fingers working my clit until I'd come on my hand, soaking my panties and leaving me flushed at my desk.

This day was like the others, a quiet day at work had led to my mind and hands wandering but my boss was in the office, so I could only tease myself at my desk. Though the idea of going to the restroom to take care of myself quickly crossed my mind, I liked teasing myself. It made the orgasms stronger when I could finally get home and properly fuck myself.

The quick trip home only acted to further my need and when I finally got home I skipped my usual scan of the street for unusual cars and practically threw myself through the door to my apartment, flinging it closed behind me but not locking it. I stripped off the shirt I'd been wearing for work and reached behind me to unhook my bra as I walked through to my bedroom, desperate to get out of my work clothes.

I peeled off my jeans, tossing them onto the bed and reached into my panties to rub my swollen clit, moaning in pleasure at the feeling. I fell back a step, falling against a wall as I rode my hand and reached under my tank top and bra to pinch my nipples. "Oh, fuck, yeah. Oh, god, yeah, yeah." I cried out as I came, my knees buckling and I was glad for the support of the wall. I stood there, sagging against the wall, my fingers still circling my clit, pulling tremors from me as I prolonged the orgasm. I got a whiff of slightly sweet smoke, but ignored it, chocking it up to imagination and lingering smoke from earlier.

When my thighs began to burn from standing in the partial squat I pushed myself up against the wall, eyes still closed, and I brought my fingers to my mouth, sucking my own wetness from them. I felt something move in front of me and opened my eyes to see what had changed in the room.

I'd barely gotten my eyes open and there was a large hand at my throat and another at my still dripping pussy, pressing the cloth of the panties between the swollen lips. The hand at my throat served its purpose as a restraint, he did not cut off my air, but the threat was plainly there. I'd instinctively started to reach to fight the hand on my throat but the one at my pulsing cunt had stopped me mid motion.

"You never emailed me." He said matter-of-factly, there was no emotion, no anger, no hurt. Just fact. "But you've been checking my profile."

"I-I, I meant to. I did." I stumbled over the words. "I just, I let myself think about it too much." I noticed the blunt in his lips, curled in a wicked smile. I took a breath, inhaling the smoke coming off the cherry and reached up to pull it from his lips in a move that surprised even me. With a much steadier hand than I was feeling I brought the blunt to my lips and inhaled deeply, eyes locked on his.

His grip on my throat tightened then, lifting me some, keeping me from exhaling and his other hand slipped into my panties and a finger slipped into my wet hole. He held my neck for five long seconds as I rode his hand, ready to come again as my vision faded and head swam. 

"So, you think too much?" As abruptly as he'd been on me, he stepped back, letting me go as he did and I fell to my knee at the sudden loss of the support of his hands on my neck and in my pussy and caught myself on my elbows. I gasped for breath, taking in air before I'd fully exhaled and heaved against the floor to catch my breath. I was vaguely aware of a zipper before he grabbed me by my ponytail, pulling me upright and eye level with his cock, which I quickly closed my mouth around, sucking it eagerly. "I'll make you stop thinking."

I can hear him moan above me and he guides my pace with his hand at my hair and I realize he'd rescued the blunt from me when I fell and was blowing the smoke in my direction as he fucked my face. I reached between my legs to rub my pussy but he pulled sharply on my hair, "I didn't say you could do that." I reached up instead, gently cupping his balls as I stuck out my tongue to better take all of him. I felt the rhythm change slightly and then he pulled my face against him, shoving his cock down my throat as he came so I could only swallow his hot spunk. I swallowed eagerly and kept working him with my tongue, milking him.

"Fuck, enough." He groaned, pulling me off of him as he started getting hard again. "Get up." He handed me the blunt and pulled the big pillow on the corner of my bed down to the middle of it. I inhaled deeply as I sucked on the fat blunt, wobbling a little as I stood waiting for direction, needing so desperately to come. He grabbed my hair again, pulling my face close to his and breathed along my neck, sending shivers through my body. My nipples tightened and I pressed myself against him, grinding against his leg. He took the blunt from my lips and pushed me towards the bed. "Face down over the pillow."

I climbed onto the bed and positioned myself so that the pillow was under my hips, presenting myself to him. He pulled the panties off of me and then pulled my legs apart, securing each ankle with the padded straps looped under my bed. "Take off your top and secure your wrist."

I used my strapped ankles as leverage to lean backwards enough to pull the tank top over my head and I had to reach to get the strap from where it'd been tucked out of sight between the mattress and the wall. I wrapped the strap around my wrist with my free hand and secured the velcro, giving it a tug for good measure. 

He runs his fingers up my body as he comes to secure the last strap, which he pulls tight against the bed so I'm not left with much wiggle room. A moment of panic overwhelms me as I realize I've let a still relative stranger tie me, naked to my bed. As I consider my position he drapes a piece of fabric across my eyes and puts the blunt to my lips. I sucked in the smoke, relaxing as I did. I asked for this, I wanted this, but felt guilty about it and that's why I'd balked before.

"So you over think things." He said again, "by the time I'm done with you, you won't be thinking anything."