 Working as a delivery man for a local farming company, I have had many opportunities that other people have not had to meet lonely farmers wives and daughters. I have been doing this work for several years and have decided that it is time to share one of my experiences.

When I was first hired, the boss had informed me of "fringe" benefits that the job offered, but he was not specific about what they might be. It did not take long for me to find out. This story is of my most important delivery.

"You have to take this load of feed out to the Four Diamond Ranch." Ed told me, "Someone will be there to tell you where to put it once you get there." Then he gave me directions to the ranch.

So, I headed out to the ranch in my semi, driving through the countryside, taking roads into what seemed like the middle of nowhere. Finally, I got to the ranch. I backed the semi into the driveway and up to the barn, assuming the feed would be going in there. After I parked it, I got out of the semi and looked for someone to tell me where the feed should go.

I went up to the house and knocked on the door, but got no answer. So, I went out to the barn to see if anyone was there. When I walked into the barn, I saw about 20 stalls, a couple of tractors, and a bunch of tack for the horses. I walked through the barn, calling out, " Hello! Anyone here?" I didn’t hear a response, so I continued looking for a place to put the feed. As I got to the back of the barn, I noticed some steps leading to a loft. I went up the stairs and found where there were still a few feedbags, so I decided I had found the right place. To make sure, I went back out to my truck and called Ed, told him there was nobody around, but that I had found where the storage place was for the feed. Ed told me, "Go ahead and unload the truck and put it there. If they didn’t like it they should have had someone there to tell me different."

So, I began my task of unloading the trailer. I had 100 bags of feed weighing 100 pounds each to unload and carry up the stairs. I was not looking forward to the task. 

After several trips up the stairs, I heard a car pull in the driveway. Several minutes later, I heard a woman’s voice calling out, " Hello?" 

"Up here!" I replied. And I walked to the edge of the loft to see whom I was talking to. My search was rewarded with the view of a beautiful woman, looked to be in her early twenties, with long brown hair, and a gorgeous body. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt that looked too small for her ample chest.

"Hi there! I’m Tiffany, I see you found the storeroom. But, you don’t have to carry the bags up there, let me show you."

Tiffany walked out of the barn, her perfectly shaped hips swaying from side to side with each step in her "Rocky Mountain" jeans that were just a little tight and hugged her hips quite nicely. When she came back in, she was dragging a conveyor and pulled it up to the loft. " Now while I move the tractors, you can back your truck in here and I will help you load the feed on the belt."

After moving all of the vehicles into the proper positions, Tiffany and I unloaded the trailer. I could not take my eyes off of her. Tiffany was even more beautiful than I thought. Tiffany had baby blue eyes, full lips, and smooth, tanned skin. With the manual labor we were performing, it didn’t take long to develop a sweat. Her t-shirt started to get damp and began to form tightly around her gorgeous tits, her nipples starting to protrude from the physical exertion. I was amazed that this very feminine looking creature was tossing around 100 pound bags of feed like it was nothing. The muscles in her arms and shoulders were very clearly pronounced, she was definitely used to hard work.

After the last bag was tossed onto the conveyor she said, " Follow me." I walked behind her as we climbed the steps to the loft, her ass right in my face hypnotizing me with its sway.

Up in the loft we began stacking the feed and she caught me staring at her. " What’s wrong?" she asked. " Absolutely nothing." I stammered. " I am just amazed at how easily you toss these bags around and I was looking at the muscles in your arms and shoulders. You are obviously in very good shape!"

"Well, out here on the ranch I have to do a lot of different things. We can’t afford to hire enough help to take care of everything. After a while you get used to this kind of work."

"I am sorry if I seem forward," I said, " but you are a very beautiful woman. And it just surprises me to see you toss these bags around like pillows. I pictured farm women as big girls, not fat, but big muscled like work horses. I would never have suspected someone that looks as good as you do to be able to do this sort of thing." 

I thought I had screwed up, because she stood straight up and looked me in the eyes, just staring me down for a minute or so. But what she did after that minute was pull her shirt over her head and toss it to the ground. " Do these look like they belong to a work horse?" she asked.

I was too shocked to reply, my jaw must have dropped to the ground as I found myself staring at the most perfect tits I had ever seen. She had not been wearing a bra under that t-shirt, the support she had was all from the obviously well developed muscles. There was no sag at all, her tits stood out on their own above a chiseled stomach, a true washboard stomach. The wiry muscles of her torso developed just right to maintain a feminine shape and accent her hips with a very small waistline.

Tiffany giggled at me, " Cat got your tongue?" I could not form words to respond, I was overwhelmed by the beauty of this woman standing half naked in front of me. 

She moved to me, stood on her toes, placed her hands on my chest, and leaned up into me, placing her lips against mine, kissing me deeply and passionately. I felt her chest pressing into mine, her soft lips sucking my tongue into her mouth, and my cock growing instantly into a full-blown erection. Apparently, she had felt it too. " What’s this?" she asked, as her hand slid down my body and came to rest on my hardness. " My, my! What are we going to do with you in this situation?" she asked.

In response, I placed my hand on the back of her neck and pulled her face to mine. I leaned down and kissed her lips, then I moved down and kissed her neck, tasting the saltiness of her perspiration while smelling the fresh sweetness of her perfume. I bit lightly on her earlobe and then moved back down to her neck, then the nape of her neck between the neck and the shoulder and then on to her shoulder. A light moan escaped from her mouth as she pulled my head down tighter onto her shoulder, her hand grabbing my hair. 

I moved my hands to her back, feeling the softness of her skin and pulling her tightly to me. Her back was slightly arched as I rubbed her back, moving slowly to her hips. I slipped my fingers into the gap between her jeans and her skin, feeling the top of her soft yet firm hips. We were kissing again, our tongues intertwining, seeking out and finding each other.

She pushed me away from her and began to unbutton my shirt, kissing my chest as more and more of my skin was uncovered. Tiffany pulled my shirt from me and pulled me close again. This time I could feel her nakedness pressed into mine, her nipples hard against my body. Tiffany looked up into my eyes. I could see the desire expressed in her blue eyes, a glow that was unmistakable of pure desire.

Tiffany took my hand and led me to a stack of hay. She lay back into it and pulled me down to her. She lay on her back and I was on my side facing her, kissing her as my hands roamed across her chest massaging it. I took her nipples between my fingers and squeezed lightly as I kissed her neck. I was rewarded again with a moan as I moved my lips to her chest and took one nipple and sucked it into my mouth, teasing it with my tongue, meanwhile pinching the other with my fingers. Her hands were running through my hair, holding me close and directing my lips where she wanted them at the same time.

I moved my head back up to kiss her neck as her hand slid down to my cock, rubbing it lightly at first and then increasing the pressure, caressing me through my jeans. I felt her hand move to unbutton my pants and then slide my zipper down. I felt her hand against my stomach as she slid it down inside my pants and wrapped her hand around my cock. The warmth from her hand as well as the contact caused my cock to jump, she began stroking me without taking it out of my pants.

Next, she pushed me onto my back, slid down my body, and started to pull my pants down. I raised my hips to help her. As my erection was exposed, she kissed it, still moving my pants down to my ankles. She stopped as she pulled my boots off and then finished removing my pants. Then she slid her hands back up my legs, took my cock into her hands and lifted it, looking me in the eyes as she slowly took me into her mouth. As I watched my cock disappear between her lips I thought I was going to lose control. Her mouth was warm and moist, she was sucking on my cock as it continued moving deeper into her mouth, her eyes staring into mine the entire time until I was completely inside her. Then, she closed her eyes and used her tongue to massage my shaft, leaving me completely inside her mouth, sucking on me, driving me nuts. I thought I had died and gone to heaven, I leaned my head back into the haystack as her mouth began moving up and down my length bringing me closer and closer to orgasm with each movement of her lips. Her hands moved up to my chest, teasing my nipples, pinching them between her fingers. Just when I knew I wasn’t going to be able to hold back any longer, she stopped.

Tiffany stood up in front of me and I watched as she unbuttoned her pants, kicked off her shoes and slid her jeans off her hips. I watched as her panties were pushed down with her jeans, revealing a well-trimmed tuft of hair covering her pussy. I sat up as she finished removing her jeans, my face even with her pussy. I put my hands on her ass, feeling her soft, yet muscled cheeks in my hands and pulled her into me. I buried my nose into her pubic mound, inhaling the musky scent of her pussy. Tiffany spread her legs to straddle me and I kissed her inner thighs, breathing warm air out of my nose to tease her very wet pussy. I placed my lips on her pussy, kissing it, allowing my tongue to search out for her lips, finding them and then exploring the length of them, sliding my tongue deeper inside her, tasting her. Then, I buried my tongue inside her, my nose rubbing her clit as I moved my tongue in and out of her pussy, fucking her with my tongue. I felt her juices begin to roll onto my chin as I moved my tongue up to her clit, rubbing it with the firm wetness of my tongue. I took her clit between my teeth and felt her shudder as I nibbled on it with my teeth and teased it with my tongue. My hands caressed her ass pulling her as tightly against me as possible as I my tongue teased her clit to orgasm. Her legs gave out on her and she fell to her knees, her legs straddling my head, her pussy grinding against my lips. I looked up to see her hands rubbing her tits and pinching her nipples as her hips bucked and her pussy ground hard against me. Her juices were flowing down my neck as her orgasm overtook her and her whole body shook, her knees locking my head in place. I opened my mouth, her cum flowing like a fountain into my mouth.

I pushed her up from my face and carefully pushed her back into the haystack. I looked down into her eyes as I moved on top of her, my hips between her legs. I felt the warmth of her pussy as the head of my cock moved against her. I kissed her neck and slowly began to enter her. I slid easily inside her with the wetness from her orgasm providing more than enough lubrication. I buried myself completely inside her and then began kissing her and moving in and out of her at the same time. Her pussy was hot, wet, and tight, I knew it wouldn’t take me long. She wrapped her legs around my hips and her arms around my neck. I was kissing and fucking the most beautiful woman I had ever seen, and I had just met her. I moved in and out of her, rotating my hips around with each stroke. When I was buried inside her, I would grind our mounds together, trying to give her the enjoyment that I was feeling. My tempo increased, I was getting close, I could not hold out much longer.

I heard, "Oh yes, I am there!" whispered into my ear. It sent me over the edge. I thrust deeply and quickly inside her, burying myself to the hilt as my cum shot out of my cock, my cock jumped inside her and I felt her pussy tighten around me as we came together. I could feel our mixed juices seeping around my cock, out of her pussy. I pushed myself onto my elbows, looked into her eyes and said, " You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and you have just given me the best sexual experience of my life!" I kissed her lips, and then kissed her neck. She wrapped her arms around my neck, pulled me tightly to her and spoke in my ear, " I agree, it was great! I think I am in love with you. I felt it when I first saw you. I don’t want this to end."

She rolled me over, put her hands on my chest and began to ride up and down my still hard cock.

Six months later, Tiffany and I got married... it still hasn’t ended.