 Jilly was hungry for her fiancé. 

It would be sexy for him to fuck her now, right before the wedding, wouldn't it? She wasn't even wearing panties under the dress. Something about wearing such a tight fancy constraining dress just made her want to be bare for him. 

She texted him, "where are you?" 

"Downstairs," he said. 

"In kitchen. Cum quickly," she typed out. 

In the brief few moments, she thought about what she was doing. And then she decided to go ahead with it. 

He came quickly. He was six foot two, with his jacket slung casually over his shoulder. When he saw her in disarray, he eyed her in amusement, as if he could guess what had happened upstairs just a few minutes before. 

"Rough day?" he said. 

"Not nearly enough," she said with a smile. 

"I just talked to the priest. He is really enjoying the orchestra. Sweet man," he said.

"Good," she said. "Now take me upstairs and fuck me. Nice and slow. And nice and hard. And do it bareback."

"What?" he said. He stared at her, clearly aroused. She could see the wheels in his head turning. 

"Without a condom?" he said, smiling. 

They went upstairs to the guest bedroom dedicated to the bride. She pushed him on the bed. 

"Are you sure about this?" he said. 

"No," she said. "It's better this way."

"But you don't want me to get you pregnant, right?" 

"No. Although you could probably knock me up without trying," she said. 

"Maybe I will try," he said. 

Without much foreplay, she began to slip him into her pussy. He was hard and huge. She could feel him nudging past her entrance. Her breasts lit up like she was on fire. 

Lucas's cock was huge. And the thing about him was, he was built like a farmhand. His cock was huge, his shoulders were huge, his chest was huge, and his hips were huge. She held onto it all, riding him, driving that sweet, potent cock even further and deeper and more dangerously into her. 

"Mmm," he moaned into her mouth, uncontrollably. Then, seeming to take hold of his senses, he flipped her on her back. From that position, he drove even harder to her. At first, he'd held back, been hesitant, though every fiber of him wanted to drive his cock into her pussy and let loose. Now, he wasn't. In the rawest and most animalistic way, he was trying to mark her as his. 

He leaned back on his knees and used a pillow under her ass. From that angle, his cock felt even bigger. She could feel the whole length of it, engorged, and ready to fill her with a torrent of cum. 

Soon, she felt him driving slower, but more insistently. This was the sign he was about to come, but holding back. She urged him on, bucking at him with her hips. 

"Oh, god," he said, suddenly jerking forward. She felt a warm rope of semen inside her pussy. One, two, three, four... she'd lost count. There was a veritable ocean of cum inside her. 

He was fingering her clit frantically. Eventually he fell forward on her chest. 

"Oh, god," he said. "I can't believe I did that. You could get pregnant." She could. She could feel his hot cum starting to ooze out from between her pussy lips already. But he was staring at her with even more lust. And his cock was so hard. Slowly but surely, he ploughed into her again. Once, twice, three times. She began moaning uncontrollably, as if it was her mission in life to get him to come in her and knock her up. She humped him passionately and in another two minutes, he was filling her all over again with the hot, forbidden warmth, marking her and claiming her as his. 

He kissed her hard. 

"All right," she said, scampering up. 

"Where are you going?" he said, in confusion, smoothing back his long blond hair with his enormous hands. 

"Did you say something about a priest?" she said, making her way down the stairs.