 Your eyes shown in the bright lights. 

I looked into them, wanting to see your thoughts at that moment, but I could not. 

You nervously glanced around the room as I approached you, and then you stared at me as I reached forward to touch your neck. I felt you shiver as my hands fell around your neck.

Tensed muscles told me what I sought to read in your eyes.

I like that feeling,that sweet thrill when I touch someone for the first time. They never know exactly what to expect. Sometimes, neither do I. 

That's what makes it so special.

Your eyes look directly at mine now as I feel your slender aqualine neck, savoring the softness of your pale flesh and caressing you with hints of careful and deliberate kindnesses. 

I feel you relax as my fingers work against your shoulders now. Slow movements, learned over many years, all designed to lull you and relax you. Touches designed to mold you and knead your body to my desires. To calm your anxieties and make you accepting of my intentions.

I move closer and lean down. 

I open your blouse and feel you startle, but I simply pull the fabric back so I can massage your shoulders more completely. 

I know you expected and maybe even wanted me to continue opening your blouse so I could have access to your breasts. 

You will have to wait. Your breasts will be my pleasure when and as I want them, and now I want to know your shoulders more completely.

Your head tilts to the side slightly. Your eyes are soft now. Your breaths are more rapid, but softer also. 

I am taking you under my spell, slowly, lovingly, patiently. 

You are not accustomed to this tender attention to your neck and shoulders. 

Your lovers are so eager that they do not even consider the pleasure you get from these touches. 

Touches so innocent, yet so erotic and sexual. Massages with deeper meaning, sending you messages of my desire for you.

I open your blouse a little wider and pull it back over your shoulders, completely exposing them to the light. 

You gasp as I brush my hand deliberately across your breast.

I stare into your eyes as I brush my hand again. Your eyes narrow slightly, and I can see that you are mine now. I do not rush. 

Satisfied with that test, I return to your shoulders and now I lean down and place hot wet kisses on your neck, sucking gently as I move around it. 

Your head tilts as I kiss, allowing me to cover your neck easily. My lips trail down to your shoulders and I travel across them and down onto your upper chest.

I leave wet suckings all over your flesh as I gently nibble and kiss and suck on you. You shift your stance. 

I move back slightly and loosen your blouse more and pull it down over your arms, capturing them at your sides. 

Your breasts spill out over your bra. White flesh contrasting with the light color of your bra. 

My hands rub across the top of your breasts, as if they were unfamiliar with them and were simply feeling the softness and texture of your flesh.

I cup your bra in my hands and lift it slightly, measuring the weight of your breasts. 

I look up at you and see that your eyes are following the movement of my hands intently. 

I look back at your breasts and I take the bottom of the bra and lift it up over your breasts. They spill out. Your nipples are erect. 

I take them between my fingers and thumbs and squeeze them, feeling the hardness. 

Soft moans slip from your lips as I roll your nipples between my fingers and thumbs. I pinch them harder. 

Your moans are deeper and more coarse, so I pinch harder. Groans of painful pleasure now fill my ears. Your breath is on my face as I move to your mouth. 

Your lips are wet and open as we kiss. Your tongue plays in my mouth and we press hard against each other as my hands continue teasing your nipples.

You suck greedly at my mouth, lips and tongue. Your arms pull me hard to your face.

I push back and look down at your breasts. My hands now are full of your breasts. Heavy, flushed, soft, pliable...and so needing to be kissed.

I lean down and suck as much of your breast as I can into my mouth. My lips seal around your nipple and breast and I suck hard, wanting as much of that tit as I can have at once. 

I release it and pull the other one into my lips and suck it as deep as I can. My hands hold your breasts up as I kiss and suck and lick and tease them. 

My mouth is anxious now to cover and suck all of your breasts, and my hands fondle and carress and play with them as I suck them. 

I feel your hands on my head now holding me tight against your chest.

I mold your tits in my hands and suck and lick your nipples, wanting more and more. You help me hold your breasts up as you offer them to me. 

"Yes..oh yes... suck them hard." Gutteral moans and words of encouragement flow from your mouth. 

And I do suck them hard. My lips clamping on them. My teeth scraping across them...Gently biting and flicking them with my tongue.Wet kisses cover them. 

I want to devour your breasts and I kiss and pull and lick and suck them with unrequited passion and need.

I work on your tits with a single-minded urgency. My hands ply your flesh as my lips and mouth and tongue minister to your needs. Your body heaves under the passion as you thrust your tits to me.

Your breath is hot and hard against my face as I work. 

Our hands together massage and squeeze and mold your tits as if we are trying to reform them. Malleable flesh..hot and needing to be handled with frantic urgency. 

"I love your tits," I say, between breaths. I mean it.

Your head is back as a climax overtakes you, and your moans grow louder and I feel your hands now pulling me tighter against your breasts. 

I suck hard and deep and my tongue flicks frantically against your nipples, urging you on to release yourself. 

I feel you stiffen and then stop still. I slow my sucking and slowly gently suck you as my hands carress your bosom. 

This soft moment flows through you and I can feel the tranquility that you know in those seconds.

You raise my head up to yours and you kiss me, gratefully and passionately. And I kiss you back, accepting your gift and returning it with one that still carried my passion and desire. 

Your softness was carried away and you again joined me in deep hard kisses as our mouths ground against each others. 

Our breaths blended together in our open cavernous mouths as we kissed on..eager and desperate for each other.

And as we kissed my hands continued feeling your tits, and then slowly moving to hold you against me at your waist. Pulling you against me. 

Eager for you to feel my ardour that was building and growing with each second. 

You shifted your legs as I pressed against you. I could tell the moment when you first felt my cock hard between your legs, and pressing against your stomach. 

You met my pressure with your own and we stood kissing and hunching against each other.

I pushed you back and slowly started rubbing my cock thru my jeans. The bulge was apparent and my hands filled with my cock and balls which were down the right side of my jean leg. 

My hands squeezed and filled with my manhood to show you how I desired you. I rubbed and stroked my cock slowly through my jeans as you watched with fixed attention.

I took my left hand and placed it against your lips, and pushed into your mouth. Your lips opened as I felt inside your hot wet mouth. I felt your teeth and your tongue and then your mouth closed around my fingers as you sucked them. 

I stroked harder as you sucked. Your sucking and my stroking were in cadence.

I pulled out of your mouth and placed my hand on the top of your head and guided you down to your knees. You knelt before me and waited, knowing what your reward for this obediance would soon be.

I moved closer to you and I pushed forward so my bulging cock rubbed against your cheeks. 

You reached for my zipper, but I pushed your hands away. I slowly unzipped my jeans, and then took your hands and placed them behind your back, clasped together. 

I reached inside my jeans and felt my cock, slowly pulling it out. I released it and let it hang there semihard. I lifted my cock up and held my balls in my hands and felt them and juggled them a little. 

My balls were heavy with cum for you. I moved forward and held my cock up so you could lick and suck my balls.

Your tongue darted out and flicked across them, and then traced around them and up to the cock shaft. Your mouth opened wide as you pulled one of the balls and my sack into your lips. 

Oh how good that felt as your soft mouth sucked, and your tongue washed across my balls. You took the other ball and sucked it as you had the first one. 

My cock jumped with anticipation.

And as my cock pulsed and fought against my hands, I was caught up in that bliss of your mouth. 

I looked at you as you paid complete attention to my balls, sucking and licking and fondling them.

You were unaware that I was watching. You were caught up in playing with my balls, until I pulled back and held my cock out to you.

I took my cock and rubbed it against your cheeks and then across your chin and then across your lips. Your mouth sprung open as I touched your lips, but I did not give you my cock yet. 

I continued rubbing across your entire face before I moved back to your lips. I placed the head between your lips and you moved down on my cock as you tried to suck it inside. I pushed your head back, and when you were still, I slowly pushed my cock inside your waiting mouth.

I wanted to control this, and everytime you would lunge forward on my cock, I would pull back and withhold it. 

You finally understood this game and sat still as I again fed you my cock. I could feel the back of your throat against the head. Soft and yet firm, your throat welcomed my big mushroomed head. 

I pulled back and let my cock search inside your mouth, pressing against your cheeks until I could see it pushing the shape into your cheeks under your cheek bones. and then pulling back to slip out between your lips. 

Then back it went, deep into the warmth of your mouth.

I loved the sight of you on your knees with my cock filling your mouth. I felt that was where you needed to be, and that thought excited me tremendously. 

I took your head in my hands and held you tight and still as I started to move my hips, forcing my cock in and out of your mouth. 

Your lips were tightly gripping the cock shaft as I moved faster and faster. 

My cock pistoned in and out of your mouth as I fucked your face. 

What a delicious treat. Your mouth accepting my hard cock as you knelt in front of me still dressed and submissive to my desires.

And I fucked you harder and harder, my need building and my urgency peaking. 

Your eyes were glazed as I assaulted your mouth faster and harder. 

My cock throbbed and jumped as if it were alive.

As I felt that hot sensation flowing up from my balls I pulled back just so the head with barely inside your lips. The cum flowed up into my shaft and then through it and out inside your mouth. 

Hot thick cum spurted into your mouth and as I was cumming, I pulled back and shot onto your chin and face and then onto your breasts. Spurt after spurt covered you. 

Your mouth leaked small streams down onto your chin and they ran down onto your neck and onto your chest.

I stroked my cock, milking the remaining ooze out and rubbed it on your cheeks and between your lips. I pushed my cock back into your mouth and you hungrily sucked the last drops out and then washed my cock clean with your tongue.

I watched your face as you worshipped my cock, and I was pleased.

I took your hands and helped you up. I led you to a chair and sat you down. Your blouse was pulled down. Your bra was still on, but raised above your breasts and your pants were still on.

I undid your blouse and removed it. I reached behind you and unsnaped your bra and pulled it off. 

Then I undid your belt and unbuttoned your pants. I took the pant legs and pulled them off as you lifted your ass up to free them. 

You sat naked now except for your panties.

I knelt down before you and lifted your legs up and placed them on the chair arms. 

I smiled at you as I leaned down and gently pressed my lips against your mound. I kept my lips together as I kissed you, just nuzzling and rubbing against your mons. 

Your panty crotch was wet. 

I breathed deeply, inhaling your woman scent. I felt so animalistic as I took in the musky odor of your heat. 

I looked at you as I moved toward your knees.

I wetted my lips and began to kiss and lick your foot and then your ankle and then your calf and your knee and then your thigh. 

I took my time, wanting to kiss every inch of your leg. And when I reached the top of your thigh, I slid my tongue across your flesh until I was at the elastic of your panty leg. And I flicked my tongue against it and then licked across the crotch. 

I stopped and moved to the V between your legs, where your slit was formed and the wetness of your panties made it visable. I pressed my tongue against that slit and pushed as I slipped the sliky material into you. My tongue probed and pressed deeper as you moaned and writhed in the chair.

Then I stopped and moved down to your other foot. I kissed it and then again moved up your leg as I had the other one until I again reached your panty leg. 

But this time, I took the panty and slid it to the side and held it there as I kissed your bare pussy. My lips opened and my tongue snaked out and licked up into your slit. 

I stiffened it and pushed between your labia, opening you up. I licked up and down the outside of each lip and then sucked the fleshy tissue into my lips and then again licked and kissed your pussy lips as I had your mouth earlier.

I grabbed your panties with both hands and pulled them off and threw them aside. 

I dived back down and pulled your legs further apart and pressed my face between them. My tongue washed across your labis and then between them and found your clit. I sucked it and flicked it with my tongue and I could feel it swell and stand erect, seeking more attention and trying to escape it's protective hood. 

And I provoked it and encouraged it by sucking and flicking and licking it. I flicked it hard up and down and then slowly circled my tongue around it over and over. 

Your juices flowed and wet my face, and I drank them eagerly. My face was soaked as I moved against all of the wonderful woman parts that you bestowed upon me. 

I devoured you and wanted more. I love your pussy. I want to stay on it, I think. I am wild with desire and am full of joy as I kiss and touch and lick and flick, and probe and suck and explore your sweet wetness. 

My hands cradle your ass as I hold you up to my mouth. I use you like a bowl. A bowl of nectar and the most delicious potion known to any mortal. A gift from the gods. Sublime passion. Peaceful rapture. Unrelenting desire. 

And I eat your pussy like I am starving. For I am. I am starved for more of you. I want to feast on you all night. I want to taste your flesh and your wet passion. I want to cover my face with your cum. I want to taste you on my lips in the morning. I want to know the texture of your velvety vagina. 

I want to know the sound of your breaths escaping your lungs as I take you to orgasmic peaks. I want to kiss your lips gently and tenderly. I want to fuck you with my tongue, savagely and visciously. I want to eat you up.

Soon you are exhausted and sensitive to my touch, and I reluctantly move up away from this prize. 

You sit dazed. Your legs are still spread and I see your red swollen lips gaping open slightly, wetness glistening.

I stand next to you, my cock again awakening. I take your hands and place them on my cock.

You begin stroking the length of my cock, and as you do, I can feel it stiffening in your hands. 

Your grip tightens and you stroke with both hands. One moving up and down th shaft, while the other squeezes and massages my balls and the head. I begin to rub your nipples as you stroke me.

Soon we are both moving faster. Your nipples are hard like my cock and our hands manipulate each other. 

I reach back and feel your pussy, which is wet again. I am careful to not increase your swelling as I gently massage you. 

You slide further down in the chair and in that position you lick my cock. I now have two fingers deep inside you and am massaging you inside. We both groan and moan as we built our excitment.

My cock is hard and I need to feel your pussy. I move between your legs and bend down, so that my cock is against your pussy. 

I don't touch it with my hands, but shift my body enough so that my cock pushes against and between your lips. It easily slides in. 

I pause as my head is captured between your lips, just to know how good you feel, and soon I push until I feel my cock surrounded in your wet hot pussy. 

My heart is racing as I savor that feeling. But soon, I give in to my urges and I pull back and begin to stroke my cock in and out.

You feel so warm and slippery. I feel the sensations exciting me more with each push, and soon I am lost to my thoughts, except the one controlling my action. 

I want to fuck your pussy. I want to stretch it and fill it and use it. I want to ram and slam and throw my cock inside it. I want to fuck and buck and ream your pussy. I am insane with this one desire now.

My body is lost to rational thought as i ravage you and I throw my body against your outspread crotch. Your hole is filled with my meat and I plow on as hard and fast and deep as I can. 

I am a fucking machine. I am an animal of lust. I am a seesaw of sex, bobbing and plunging in and out... up and down. I am on automatic pilot, not caring if I crash, just as long as I can feel that sweet pussy around my horny cock.

I see your eyes, narrow and hard. Not seeing or focusing. Just narrow slits shooting hot messages that tell me "fuck me".."harder"..."more". 

I answer by working harder, my ass in overdrive, pounding my cock deeper and deeper into you. Moving faster, until I think I am a blur. Fucking you so deep that I may destroy your insides, but surely ruin you for another man. 

My mind is running ninety miles an hour with these thoughts as I drive on and on.

My hands grab your tits and bat them back and forth. They feel your lips and invite them to suck. They grab your waist and hold you captive as my cock relentlessly rams into you. My hands are everywhere as I fuck you. Feeling...touching...grabbing...squeezing...fondling....

My cock has taken me over now. I try to hang on.

Your pussy has also taken you over. It squeezes and urges my cock for more, challenging it to ram deeper, and faster and hard. 

"Come on boy..give it to me".."fuck me"..."give me that cock."

My cock hears it taunting and begging and inviting and urging, and it responds in the only way it knows. It stiffens and swells up and pulses and throbs and jumps and plunges in and out with more fervor and without pause.

Our bodies sweat and we thrash about, groaning and moaning and gasping. Flailing around like some electrically jolted creature, spastically rolling and heaving. 

My cock plunges on. And your pussy meets the challenge easily. Your sweet pussy which I had worshipped just a few minutes ago had now become a wild meaty gaping hungry cunt. 

It sucked up my cock and spit it back out, only to pull it back in again and grasp it tighter. Working and milking insatiably as it wrung my cock. And we clung to each other as best we could.

And my legs cramped but I would not stop. I was forced by exhaustion to straighten up as when I did, I realized what I need then. 

I helped you up and bent you over so that your hands were braced on the chair arms and I rammed my cock back inside you and continued fucking you. This change of position heightened the friction and sensations and I feel new areas of contact. 
