 I turn on some music and slowly begin to sway my hips to the music. I run my hands all over my body. I caress my way up my legs, over my hips and slowly glide them over my stomach still moving with the music. My hands creep up further over my breasts and give them a gentle squeeze. I pinch my nipples making them hard and visible through my shirt. 

I caress my throat and slowly begin to work my way back down my breasts, my stomach, my hips, my thighs and my legs. I turn around and stand with my legs spread and my hips swiveling. My head is turned to face you. I slowly begin to raise my white halter-top. Teasingly I raise it a little and lower it a little until it is right below my breasts. I then take it and pull it over my head and toss it to the side. 

I'm standing there with my bare chest because I 'm not wearing a bra. I dance with the music my hands covering my breasts. Every so often you can glimpse a peek at my nipples. I remove one of my hands and then the other and hold them over my head. I gently glide my hands down my arms and over my tits. I knead them and pinch them making the nipples get harder. 

I walk over and straddle you with my breasts right in your face wanting you to play with them. You place your lips over one nipple and suck and nibble on it. You use your other hand to pinch the other one. You switch back and forth between my nipples. I stand again and dance to the music. My hands concentrated on my bare stomach and my hips. I teasingly make a motion to lift my black suede skirt. 

I turn around and bend at the waist running my hands over my legs. I stand up and reach behind me to unzip my skirt painfully slow. I gradually slide it down to a pile on the floor. I step out and now I am clad only in a red lace thong. I dance some more around the room moving my hips as provocatively as I can. I stand in front of you and place one of my fingers in my mouth and them trail it down the middle of my body, down my throat, in between my tits, over my stomach, stopping at the panty line. I hook a finger in each side of my thong and slide it down my body revealing my shaven pussy inch by aching inch. 

Once they're off I sit in your lap while your still fully clothed. I rub my pussy against your groin and feel how hard you are. I press my chest up against yours and lean in to tantalize your lips with my tongue. I run it across your mouth and delve inside to taste your sweetness. I kiss my way across your cheek to your earlobe. I whisper in a sultry voice that I want you to fuck me as hard as you can. That I am very wet and aroused in anticipation of your hard cock inside of me. 

I place light kisses on your earlobe and travel down the side of your neck to your collarbone. I begin to lick up and down your neck alternating between little licks and long licks. Then I nip and suck on your neck all the while still rubbing our bodies together. I stand up and look down at you with lust in my eyes. I unbutton your shirt and slide it down your arms feeling your biceps tense along the way. I run my hands over your chest and flicker your tongue over your nipples. I glide my hands lower and undo your belt buckle. I undo the button on your pants and then reach down and unzip the fly with my teeth. I pull your pants off and toss them over my shoulder. 

I sit and look at your hard cock with fascination for a second before gliding my hand up and down the shaft. I wrap my hands around it and move them up and down and up and down feeling it pulse. I reach down and cup your balls feeling them rest in my hands so full of cum. I lick the head of your penis and lick the pre-cum leaking out. My tongue slides down the shaft and strokes it all around. I nip along the side and suck where I nipped to ease any pain. I move my way upward until I 'm back at the top. My mouth engulfs the head and my tongue swirls around it lavishing attention on it. 

My head bobs down taking more of you in my mouth. I bob up and down taking more and more of you until I feel it brush up against my throat. I take a deep breath and push your cock farther deep throating you. I get a steady rhythm going and feel your hands enclose my head helping me to take you deeper down my throat. I am moaning in pleasure causing a vibration feeling against your cock. You ask me to stop so that you don't cum yet. I stand up and turn around. I bend over and place my hands on the table in front of me with my legs spread. I turn my head and tell you to fuck my pussy. 

You stand behind me and run your hands over my ass. You probe lower and feel my pussy. You run your hands over my clit and go to my slit. Running your fingers back and forth over it. Suddenly you plunge them in to me and I cry out in pleasure. You push and pull your fingers in and out of me increasing my pleasure until I'm screaming out your name. You take away your fingers and you replace it with your cock ramming it into my pussy so hard that it takes my breath away. You pull out slowly and then ram it into me again. You continue to do this back and forth building up a rhythm. I shout out for you to go harder and deeper and faster. I scream for you to fuck me. To fuck my pussy. Suddenly I start to cum. My muscles tense up everywhere. My pussy is clenching your cock and gripping it tightly. I pull you out of me and point your cock at my tits. I beg you to cum while I jerk you off. You start shooting and cum lands everywhere. All over my tits, a little on my neck and even a bit across my lips. I lick up the cum on my lips and smile at you completely satisfied.