 Alex was sitting in his office. He was quite satisfied with himself; he'd landed a teaching assistant job at least a year before graduation. His office was tiny, more a broom cupboard; there was only room for a small desk facing the door, two chairs for visitors and one for himself and a row of shelves. But it had a window and it was his. It was located on the top floor of the university building, and was fairly isolated, but that suited him just fine. It meant less visitors and no distractions. So he was surprised to hear knocking at the door. His office hours wouldn't begin for another 45 minutes at least and he had no appointments. 

"Come in" he said loudly. 

Mia breezed in and shut the door behind her. 

"Surprise! Bet you weren't expecting me!"

Alex wasn't. He'd just taken possession of the place the day before and hadn't got around to telling her where it was.

"How did you find me?" he asked.

"I have my methods" Mia winked. "Am I interrupting something? Bet you are expecting some hot freshies" Mia said mischievously.

"Honestly, my first office hours start in 45 minutes, and I don't know what to expect. Probably some people who want to discuss their grades. But some hot freshies sound rather nice" said Alex to tease her.

"Well Professor, I did come to talk about those grades..." said Mia in her little girl voice.

"I beg your pardon?"

"You know professor, that last exam. I didn't do too well and I reaaally need to raise my grades. Is there anything I could do?" With extra pleading and batting eyelashes.

Alex caught on. "Hmmm, you would need to make a rather big effort. Those grades were none too good. What did you have in mind?"

Mia stood there, in front of his desk, fumbling with her coat buttons. "Well professor, maybe I'm not as hot as those freshies you mentioned, but do you think this could help?"

With that, she finished undoing the buttons and opened her coat wide. Alex's mouth went dry and his eyes almost popped out of his head. Under her coat Mia was only wearing stockings with garters, high-heeled black leather boots, tiny panties and an open cup bra which held up but did nothing to hide her gorgeous breasts, all in black lace. His cock immediately stood at attention.

"Well, that is very nice indeed" he stuttered. "But what can you do with all that?"

"May I show you, professor?"

"By all means."

Mia walked around the desk and stood before Alex. She let the coat fall at her feet and stood there in all her beauty. Then she turned around, put her hands on the desk and arched her back, showing off her gorgeous ass.

"I've been told I have a nice bum, professor, what do you think?"

"Well, whoever said that certainly was not lying."

"Why don't you go ahead and touch it, professor? Tell me if it's nice and firm."

Alex leaned forward and placed his hands on her ass. First he caressed it lightly, then more firmly. He massaged and kneaded it, then spread her cheeks apart. The tiny string she wore exposed her pink butthole and a glimpse of pussy which was showing signs of wetness.

"That is a very nice bum, my dear, but I'm afraid you're going to need more than that to improve those grades."

"Why, professor, I was just getting started." She turned around, stuck her chest out and cupped her breasts. "I've also been told my breasts are quite nice."

She straddled Alex and took his hands, placing them on her breasts, encouraging him to squeeze and fondle. He massaged and squeezed, enjoying their weight and softness, then pinched and pulled her nipples, making them hard. She bit her lip, barely containing her moans before he lowered his head and took one of her delicious melons in his mouth; he licked and nibbled all over, then shifted to her nipple, twirling his tongue around it, then sucked hard. He attacked her other breast in the same manner, all the while squeezing her ass with his free hands. She felt his hard cock on her crotch, and started grinding her hips, dry fucking him. 

She started whispering in his ear: "Oh Professor, your cock feels so big and hard! Maybe you'd like to fuck my big, slutty melons with it? I could kneel in front of you and squeeze my tits around your meat and milk it until you come on my face and tits! Maybe you'd like to stick that big, fat cock in my slutty little pussy? You want to bend me over your desk and make me your student whore? Fill my tight little slutty hole with your cum?"

Then there was a knock at the door. They both froze, then Alex got up, pushing her off his lap.

He picked up her coat. "Put it on, quickly!!"

She took it from him and started to put it on, then stopped, looked at him and smiled. A naughty smile. And she crawled under his desk. 

"What are you doing, you crazy girl!! Get out, get dressed!!" he hissed.

But the knock came again and someone called his name. Alex smoothed his shirt and buttoned up his sports coat to hide his hard on, went to the door and opened. There, with two mugs of coffee in her hands, stood his boss, Professor West, an attractive woman in her forties. 

"Hi Alex, just wanted to welcome you on your first day at work," said Professor West with a smile. "And I got coffee!"

"Why, thanks Professor! Please come in!" said Alex, mentally wishing she'd leave.

Alex went back to his chair and Professor West took a seat across him. They started to chitchat and talk shop and Alex started to relax, thinking that if Mia kept quiet, the professor would leave in a bit and everything would be fine. Mia had other plans, however. Alex felt her hands on his crotch and before he could push his chair back, she had opened his fly and taken out his hard cock. Now he was trapped. If he moved back, he'd be sitting there with his hard on fully exposed.

Mia started jerking his cock slowly, then licked all over before taking it in her mouth. She sucked on the tip as if it were a lollipop. Then she took the shaft in longer and longer strokes until she was deepthroating him and he could feel her lips on the base of his cock. Alex managed to pull a straight face, gulp down some coffee and make some small talk with Professor West, but his face was turning red and he wasn't quite sure if Mia's sucking sounds could be heard above the conversation. 

Professor West was giving him curious looks, which only made him more nervous and at some point he was quite sure she smiled into her coffee. 

"It's a bit warm in here, isn't it?" said the professor.

"Why, yes, yes it is," stammered Alex

"Why don't you open the window a bit? Give us some air," said she with a hint of a smile playing on her lips.

Then and there Alex was sure she had noticed. He had no excuse not to get up and open the window and he was sure he would not be able to swivel his chair quick enough for her not see his open trousers. But why was she playing him? As he made up his mind to try anyway, he felt Mia packing away his cock and zipping him up. Now all he had was a bulge in his trousers, but maybe his jacket would cover that. He stood up, as nonchalantly as possible, went to the window, opened it a crack and sat back down, careful to keep away from the desk and Mia's hungry mouth. Was that disappointment he had seen on her face when he got up? And had her eyes strayed down to his crotch? 

"Well, I'd better be getting on" said Professor West getting up to leave. "I have a couple of appointments."

"Nice of you to drop by, professor. And thanks for the coffee."

"Anytime. Say Alex, I have some orals coming up soon. Could you sit in?"

"Certainly professor" answered Alex.

"Great! I'd like to see how you assess their skills. And call me Vivian, please." With that she gave him a wink and a wicked smile and left.

Alex shut and locked the door and leaned his head against it. What the hell had that been?

"That was professor West, wasn't it?"

" Yes, yes she was," said Alex, turning around slowly.

"She's hot, isn't she? I hear she does some naughty orals."

"You hear what?"

"Well Professor, since you do orals with her, you would know, wouldn't you?"

Alex finished turning around and his dick grew rock hard again. Mia was sitting on the edge of the desk facing him, feet on the visitors' chairs, legs wide open. She had pushed her panties aside and was busy rubbing her wet pussy. His eyes wouldn't budge from her moving fingers.

"Since I have never done any exams with her, I wouldn't really know, would I my dear? Now, where were we before we were interrupted? We don't have all day, you know."

Mia slipped two fingers in her pussy and started finger fucking herself. When she took them out they were coated in her juices and literally dripping. She smeared her nipples with them, then took them in her mouth and sucked them clean.

"Well Professor, I think my pussy is kinda sweet. Would you like a taste?" and she offered Alex her tits.

Alex immediately stepped forward and started licking and sucking on her nipples, cleaning them up in no time. Then, wanting to go directly to the source, he pushed Mia back onto his desk, sat on one of the chairs and dove between her spread legs. He licked and nibbled on her lips, exposing the pink inside of her pussy and her swollen clit, then pushed his tongue inside her, licking up every drop he could get. Mia cupped her breasts in her hands and started kneading them and pinching and pulling her nipples, sending currents of pleasure through her body. She bit her lip, suppressing the moans that wanted to come out, keeping them down to a slight whimper; even in her heat she knew Alex's office was not the place to be loud. When she started moving her hips Alex clamped down on her clit and started sucking hard, flicking it with his tongue at the same time. A few moments later her thighs closed in on his head as she came, her pussy gushing. 

"Now, what was that you said about bending over my desk?" asked Alex, stepping back from the desk and dropping his trousers.

Mia wriggled around and managed to turn over on the desk and get her feet on the floor. She placed her hands on the desk and arched her back, offering Alex her delicious ass and dripping cunt. 

"Like this, Professor?" She said, turning around and fixing her eyes on Alex's erect cock. "Are you going to put that big, hard thing inside me and fuck me? Are you going to make me your little student slut?" she whispered.

Alex did not answer as he took one step towards her, took his cock in his hand aiming it at Mia's open pussy lips and drove it in all the way to his balls. Mia gasped and almost let out a moan of passion, then completely bent over the desk hiding her head in her arms to muffle her sounds as Alex grabbed her hips hard and started pounding her, letting out all the pent up sexual energy. He fucked her in deep, hard strokes, spreading her ass with his hands, watching his cock slide in and out of her pussy hole. Mia just took it, bent over the desk, loving every second; she enjoyed teasing Alex until he lost control and fucked her brains out. She was horny as hell, her first orgasm having done nothing to calm her. It just made her pussy tight and ready for the next one, which was not too far off if Alex did not slow down. Soon her pussy started to tingle and she felt the familiar tension building up inside her. She bit arm and suddenly her vagina clenched around Alex's hard meat and she came hard, sending wave after wave all over her body while Alex grabbed her hips harder and drove his cock mercilessly into her. When her orgasm subsided, she straightened up and turned around. Alex had not come yet and his cock stood erect, hard and dripping Mia's juices.

"Oh Professor, you have not come yet", she said reproachfully. 

She took Alex's cock in her hand and guided him to his chair, pushing him down. As soon as he sat she straddled him, impaling herself on his stiff cock. She hugged him around the neck, so her tits were crushing his face and started grinding her hips furiously. Alex's hands went to her ass and tried to hold her back a little, but she wasn't having it and continued fucking him wildly; resigned, he squeezed and kneaded her cheeks roughly and licked at sucked at her tits as they smothered him. Mia started whispering naughty things in his ear.

"Oh Professor," she moaned softly. "Your big, fat cock feels sooooo good in my tight, little cunt!"

Alex couldn't really answer with his mouth full of Mia's tits, so she went on:

"Did you enjoy bending me over the desk and fucking me? Did you enjoy using my body and making me your little student slut?" whispered Mia, her lips on Alex's ear, punctuating every sentence with a quiet little moan while she relentlessly ground her ass.

"You can call me anytime, Professor, and I'll be your obedient little cum slut. You can fuck any of my holes whenever you wish and fill me up, or you can fuck my big titties and spray your cum on my face... Maybe you'd like to fuck my tight little ass next time, Professor, fill my tight little asshole with your hard, thick meat?"

Her dirty talk was getting to Alex, who grabbed Mia's ass harder and started urging her, knowing he was not going to last much longer. Mia felt it and moved with his hands, giving him what he wanted. She kept talking, trying to push him over the edge.

"Should I bring a friend next time Professor? Some of them would also like to improve their grades and they are all hot and naughty like me... Maybe you'd like to fuck two of us? Would you like to have two horny mouths on your cock? Or maybe watch us eating each other's pussy out?"

That last picture was too much for Alex and with a muffled roar he came, shooting jets of thick cum deep inside Mia, who feeling them, fucked him harder trying to milk every last bit. Her clit was grinding on the base of his cock and in a couple seconds she went over the edge for the third time, climaxing long and hard. They stayed put for a few moments, enjoying the closeness. Then Mia got up, knowing their time was up. She looked at Alex's cock, all covered in their mixed juices and gasped in mock surprise.

"Oh Professor, look at the mess I made! Please let me clean you up!" And she gobbled up Alex's cock, sucking and slurping until every last bit was gone.

She stood up and got her underwear in place and took a little black dress from her bag, which she slipped on in the blink of an eye and put on her coat. In the brief interval Alex also managed to get dressed, looking a bit the worse for wear. Mia walked up to him, fixed collar on his shirt and the coat lapels and gave him a deep kiss.

"Do my grades look better now, Professor?" she asked in her little girl voice.

"They have certainly improved. However, I'd like to see what you can do with that sweet ass, my dear," said Alex squeezing her cheeks.

"I'll have it nice and ready for your big, fat cock, Professor."

She turned around and walked to the door, opening and stepping outside, then turned around as if she had forgotten something. 

"And I'll bring my friend over next week, like you said," said Mia loudly, so the couple students waiting outside could hear. And she walked away.

Alex stuck his head out the door and called out "Next!"

Then he went back to sit at his desk, his cock twitching in his pants at the thought. He shook his head wondering about who really was in charge. Then decided he did not care.