 She was perched on his lap, wearing a luscious black concoction of sleek gauze and intricate lace that barely skimmed the tops of her thighs. Her lips were painted a vampish red and her eyes were carefully rimmed with kohl. He slid his hands into the artful tangles of her hair, pulling slightly, and her head rolled back, and her back arched. She spoke with a slight accent, but not one he recognised.

"I'd love to glide my hands right down your naked body to your cock," she said, her lips parting slightly in lust. 

"And then?"

"And then I'd make love to it, like this."

She slid off his lap onto the floor and unbuttoned his jeans. Once his cock was out, she held it between her fluttering fingers and licked it lightly, glancing coyly up at him. His breath hitched.

She began to focus her full attention on teasing him. She sucked lightly on the head, swirling it with her tongue. Every so often, she would take him into her throat, but before he could thrust into it, she would move back and smile slowly at him. Finally, he pulled her to her feet roughly, his cock throbbing with the aftereffects of her attention. 

"Tell me what you want me to do," he growled.

"I want you to blindfold me," she said breathily. "I want you to force me down on the bed and tease me with your mouth and fingers until I beg for you to fuck me."

In one swift motion, he ripped the silky black slip from her body. She gasped.

"Get to your knees. I want you to crawl and take the blindfold yourself."

She was obviously determined to put on a show. Now clad in nothing but her black thong, she fell gracefully to her knees and made her way to the drawers, wiggling her butt with each step. Halfway there, she looked back and smirked.

"Like what you see?"

He did, in fact, like what he saw. He stroked his cock slowly as he watched.

When she had the blindfold, she waved it at him teasingly. It flew out of her hand into the gap between the cupboard and the wall.

"Fuck me," she cursed, dropping the accent, and knelt to retrieve it. She reached into the tight space and cursed again.

"I can't get it," she said, annoyed. And then, in a panicked tone, "I can't get out!"

She was pulling on her arm, but it was stuck fast and she was left comically with her ass in the air and the side of her head pressed uncomfortably against the cupboard. He laughed.

"Jon! It's not funny," she protested, her face red.

"You're right," he answered. "It's not funny at all."

He was still very much hard, and now that she was trapped and powerless against him, his mind began to sprout several wicked ideas. Her eyes widened as he approached her, and she began to struggle in fresh alarm. He caught her by the arm to stop her from getting free. They made a nice picture, her pretty, freckled skin against his dark grey suit. He towered over her hunched form.

"What on earth are you doing?"

He made no reply, instead cupping her bottom with his hand and caressing it.

"Jon, you bastard, help me out of here."

He dug his nails into her ass harshly. "Shut up," he said. "You won't speak unless I tell you to."

She whimpered, staring up at him, but when he searched her face he found more desire than fear.

At first he contented himself with groping her butt, amused at her nervous anticipation. Her skin was flushed and she took quick, shallow breaths, her nipples rock hard. Suddenly he slapped her ass, and she jerked in surprise. He bent to whisper in her ear.

"I think you're enjoying this a bit too much," he remarked lightly.

She shook her head as much it could shake from its awkward position and earned another smack for her troubles.

"Don't even try to lie to me." He pulled her panties aside roughly and jammed his fingers in her pussy. She cried out. He slowly pulled out his fingers, lifting them to her face so she could smell her own arousal. Her ears turned red and he stepped back.

"You know, darling, my mind is filled with all sorts of dirty things I'd like to do to you." He was standing behind her now, admiring the view. From the angle at which he was standing, it looked like she was purposely jutting her ass and pussy out at him, he thought in satisfaction. He swung around, searching the room for his phone. When he found it, he quickly snapped a few pictures of her and her bare pussy, then threw his phone on the bed and strode to her.

She had gotten wetter, and her arousal was betraying itself in the liquid dripping down her thighs.

"I think I'll leave you here for a while," he said neutrally, as if they were conversing about the weather. "And just come back to use you whenever I feel like it."

An involuntary moan escaped her scarlet lips at the thought. When he moved back again, she shook her head violently. "Please," she whispered. "Please. I want you in me."

"You want me here?" He knelt and placed the tip of his cock against her slit.

"Yes, oh god, yes," she moaned, trying in vain to press herself onto it.

He rubbed the tip along her pussy, pressing on her clit with his thumb, teasing her. Her moans got louder.

"I would love to, darling, but I'm not sure if you deserve it."

She was getting frantic, straining against his cock. "Please," she whimpered.

It was getting near impossible to restrain himself. He slid his cock slowly into her, clutching her hips. The sound that came out of her mouth was pure lust.

He began to fuck her, starting each stroke by pushing into her leisurely before ramming the last inch in. It was having an effect on her, and her breathing gradually got more ragged. She pushed back onto him as far as she could. It wasn't long before the question came.

"Please, can I come?"

"No," he said, continuing his steady pace.

She was writhing under him in the effort to stop herself from orgasming. "Please," she said again urgently.

"No."

He could feel his pleasure building. He sped up his thrusts, deaf to her pleas. With a final thrust, he came in her, just as she gasped, "please, please let me come."

He could feel her disappointment and frustration as he slowed down. Her pussy was still clenched tight around him.

"Poor baby," he said smiling, and she smarted at his condescending tone. Suddenly, he began once more to drive his still hard cock into her, catching her offguard.

"Please, can I come," she asked, sounding close to tears. Her body tensed with the effort of controlling herself as she prepared to be denied again.

"Yes," he hissed. He grabbed her hips and pulled her down on him violently and she came, spasming and almost screaming with the relief.

It took a considerable amount of effort to free her arm. How she had gotten it so tightly wedged between the cupboard and wall was beyond him. When she was finally free, he could see the red line on her arm that had been chafed by the corner of the cupboard. She rolled her neck and stretched it. They tumbled into bed and he cuddled her close, one hand draped over her breast.

"Something like this always happens when you try to be sexy," he joked. "You're too clumsy for seduction."

"You're such an ass," she murmured sleepily.

"But did you enjoy it?" He ran his fingers lazily over her smooth skin.

"Yes," she admitted, grinning.