 "That's him," her friend said pointing at the tall guy standing by the next table.

"Hm...he's cute," she said looking the guy up and down.

"I didn't think that's your type," he responded.

"A girl can change," she smiled at him. "I just need to figure out how to talk to him." She turned around and walked toward the bar. Passing by the table she glanced over at him. Oh yes, a girl could change for that!

But how to introduce herself? They apparently had some mutual friends but she needed something better. Something so he knew she wasn't just some groupie.

-=-

He was just standing there watching the band set up. It was early. No one interesting was ever around for sound checks. Just the bands and their people. There was nothing for him to do until the doors opened.

"You're standing in my spot," he heard behind him. He turned around and saw a girl standing behind him. He had seen her helping load in some equipment. He had just dismissed her as one of the musician's girlfriends, but they usually didn't talk to him.


She was wearing a black tank top that showed off her amazing cleavage. Her hand was in her pocket pulling her capris low to show a sliver of her hip. Her long, dark hair was down and he noticed she had beautiful eyes. She took a drink of her beer. "You're still standing in my spot," she said looking directly at him.

"This is your spot?" he asked. She's cute, he thought.

"Yep," she knew her attitude would catch his attention.

"Out of this entire bar this spot is yours?" he asked looking around the empty surroundings.

"I want it. It's mine," she flirted back. "If you don't move I'll be sad." She gave her best pouty face and batted her eyelashes at him. He just laughed and took at step over. She smiled, "Thanks. I'm Sara by the way."

"I'm Josh," he responded.

"I know who you are," she said. "Brian pointed you out."

"Oh, is he your boyfriend?" he asked hoping he's wrong.

"No, no," she responded quickly. "I don't date. I'm just friends with the band."

"Josh! We need you up here!" someone called on stage.

Crap, he thought. "You're staying for the show right?"

"Of course," was her response.

"I'll see you later then," he said as he headed up to the stage.

"Just stay out of my spot," she called after him flashing a big smile.

-=-

She saw glances of him throughout the night. Running around, talking to people, helping the bands. She stayed with her friends listening to the music. She was still trying to figure out how to snag him after the show.

-=-

He was busy all night. He wanted to go back and talk to her, but every time he looked over she was talking to a different guy. She's probably just a big flirt, he thought to himself and tried to put her out of his mind, but it was hard.

-=-

The night was over and all that was left in the bar were the bands. She was waiting to find out if she was stuck going to eat with the band or if she was going to have fun. She saw Josh out of the corner of her eye. He was talking to the singer, so she waited. Just stood there finishing her beer. He glanced over at her and smiled. That was all she needed. She knew what she was going to say. As the singer walked away she walked by and whispered, "Follow me." Flashing a smile back at him and turned toward the door.

"I'm surprised you didn't go with one of those other guys tonight," he said.

She turned back and just rolled her eyes, "What? You mean the guy who asked me if I would cook him breakfast tomorrow when he woke up in my bed? Or did you mean the guy who asked to sleep with me because he 'lost his teddy bear.' Please! They're all the same, they just have different pick up lines." She turned and headed to the door again.

He caught her shoulder right as she was heading down the stairs. "I'm supposed to stay."

"Do you always do what you're told?" she paused on the top step. "I promise not to keep you out late," she flirted back, batting her eyelashes again.

He glanced over his shoulder and saw no one was paying attention. "Let's go before someone figures out that I'm leaving." He followed her down the stairs and out the door. She grabbed his hand and pulled him toward her car. As they hit the corner of the building she turned quickly and pulled him against her. He pressed her back up against the bricks as he leaned in to kiss her. Her breath caught in her chest as his warm lips touched hers. He opened his lips and slid his tongue into her mouth. The kiss was intense. He slowly pulled away. "Wow," she whispered under her breath. 

"Come on," she said grabbing his hand again. 

"Where are we going?" he asked as he got in the car.

"Don't worry about it," was all she said as she started the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. "Don't you want to have fun?" she flashed him a smile as she turned up the radio. He just smiled and turned to look out the window. They were heading away from downtown and were soon out in farm land.

"Where are we going?" curiosity was killing the cat. 

"I'm kidnapping you. I'm going to do naughty things to your body," was all she said.

"Really?" this girl was definitely fun!

"Only if you promise to do naughty things to me," she laughed as she turned into the park. She hadn't been here since high school, but she knew that at two in the morning it would be empty. She parked and they got out. She went to the trunk and pulled out a blanket.

"Oh, I see you do this a lot" he raised an eyebrow at her.

"Yeah, I get laid all the time. I had three this afternoon," she laughed and pulled him toward the picnic tables. "Relax, it's from last weekend. I went to see the fireworks with my friends."

"Sure!" he laughed as she lay the blanket across a table. She kicked off her shoes and climbed on. Nice butt, was all he could think. She turned around and pulled him toward her. Wrapping her legs around his waist and sliding her arms around his shoulders. He leaned in and kissed her again. Slowly lowering her down onto the table. The kisses were hot and intense. She slid backwards and he climbed on the table keeping the intensity in his kisses.

She started tugging at his shirt. Pulling away from his kisses she says, "This has got to come off!" She grabbed the end and pulled it over his head. Sliding her arms back around his shoulders she could feel the heat radiating off his skin. He slid his hand down her shirt and softly brushed her nipple through her tank top. Cupping her breast he leaned down and bit her nipple through her shirt. 

"You have too much clothing on," he said and slid his hands under her top, pulling it over her head. She had such round perfect breasts. He leaned down, taking one of her hard nipples in his mouth and started sucking. She loved it. The attention he paid to her tits was like none she had gotten before. He knew exactly what to do to drive her crazy. She couldn't take it anymore. She pushed him off the side of the table and hopped off. She grabbed at his pants and in one swift move had them undone and dropped to the ground.

As he undid her capris she turned him around and pushed him back onto the table. She dropped her pants and he right away noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties. He just couldn't look away from the clean shaven area. She just smiled coyly and dropped to her knees.

She pulled off his boxers and was surprised! He was a lot larger than she was expecting. He was larger than she'd had before. "Are you OK?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah!" she took his cock in both of her hands and slid his head into her mouth. The size didn't stop her from having fun. She could hear him breathing harder and could feel his cock pulsing. Sliding her hands up and down his shaft and teasing the underside of his head with her tongue he started to groan.

"OK, I need to fuck you now!" he pulled her up and laid back on the table. She tossed her hair over her shoulder and grabbed his cock. Sliding it in her she had to pause for a second. He was definitely larger than she was used to. He brushed her hair out of her face and pulled her in for a kiss. She relaxed and was able to slide him all the way in.

She started moving up and down on his cock, her tits bouncing over his head. He grabbed her ass with one hand and played with her tit with the other. She felt amazing on him. He could feel her muscles start to tighten. He breathing was harder and he knew she was cuming. He grabbed her hips with both hands and started thrusting harder. She arched her back and let out a loud moan as she came. 

He slid his hands up her back and pulled her down to kiss him. "What do you want?" she asked as she leaned in to slowly kissed him, biting his bottom lip as she pulled away.

"Just you," he smiled up as her and kissed her again. She started moving her hips up and down again. Faster this time, gripping her muscles the way she knew he would like. He held onto her hips and pushed upwards. Faster and harder until he started cuming. He let out a groan as he pushed all the way into her.

She leaned down and lightly kissed him as she slid off his semi erect cock. She lay her head on his shoulder and propped a foot up on the bench. They lay there as their breathing slowed.

"Nice night," he said looking up at the starry sky.

"I had fun," she smiled at him as she slid off the table. She picked up her tank top and started to get dressed.

"I should get you home. It's getting late." She picked up the blanket and headed to the car. She was definitely fun he thought and followed after her.