 Hello, my name is Carly, I'm 18 years old. I was born and raised in a small town in Georgia, just miles from Atlanta. Let me tell you a bit about myself. I'm 5'2, 120 lbs, long red hair and big blue eyes that sometimes darken to cobalt blue when I'm stoned (but that's another story). 

Today I boarded a plane bound for California. As I sat by the small window looking out, I never could have guessed what this day would bring. I landed this morning at 6:35 a.m. As I walked thru the airport gazing into all the strange eyes and the sea of unfamiliar faces, I began to wonder what the hell am I doing? I'm only 18 years old and I've never been out of the state of Georgia. But my friend, Angel, had invited me to visit her and her family for the summer. How could I not go? We had been friends practically since before we were even born. 

She moved to California when her father's law firm transferred to Los Angeles 4 years ago. We had been keeping touch over the years thru phone calls and tons of letters. I really missed having her with me, going shopping and just hanging out. Maybe this was my chance to catch up with her and stop feeling so lonely for the friend I felt I had lost.

I scanned the faces and the signs trying to find someone to help me find Gate 302 where Angel was supposed to meet me. I am a small town girl so all this hustle and bustle was a bit much for me to take in all at once. Finally I located Gate 302, but there was no Angel, no car waiting to pick me up, no nothing. Fuck, what was I supposed to do now? I had $200 and my luggage. I sat down for a moment to try and collect my thoughts. 

"Is everything ok, miss?" came a voice over my shoulder.

"What? Oh yes, I mean no, fuck I don't know, I was supposed to meet my friend here but she's a no show and I'm not from here so I have no idea where to go," I answered.

"Ahhhh yes, new to the area, I was once a newbie myself miss," he said with a bit of a chuckle.

"Well I'm glad you find this amusing, but I don't, I have no idea where to go now, I thought she'd be here," I said.

"Calm down, miss, there is a coffee shop over there, can I buy you a cup while you wait?" he asked.

"No thank you, I don't drink coffee."

"Well you'll have to excuse me then, miss, I am going outside to my car to get a cigarette," he replied.

"May I have one too," I asked.

"Well you can't smoke in here, miss, but you may join me outside, if you wish," he said.

I got up, trailing my 3 suitcases behind me and followed the nice man out to his car on the north side of the parking lot. 

"You sure did park a ways out, didn't you?" I asked.

"It's easier to get out that way," he answered.

He walked to the back of his red car and opened the trunk,"Here, miss, put your bags in here for the time being, no reason for you to lug them around needlessly."

I nodded my head in agreement and placed the 3 suitcases inside the small trunk. The nice man stepped over beside me and handed me a smoke. As I lit up and puffed away, I began to tell him about how I ended up in California, thousands of miles away from anyone or anything that was recognizable. We talked for what seemed to be hours on end, going thru the cigarettes like candy. Finally, I jumped down from the trunk and stepped on the mounting pile of cigarette butts.

"What time is it, do you know?" I asked.

"Yes, miss, it's 11:42," he answered.

"My God, we've been out here THAT long????????" I asked, completely shocked.

"Yes, miss," he answered with another chuckle, "Time flies when you're having fun."

"I guess so, but I really do need to find Angel," I said, motioning for him to open the trunk.

Only he did not open the trunk, nor did he even bother to move a muscle. 

"Hello??? I need you to open the trunk, please, I need to go back inside the airport and look for Angel," I said.

The nice man grinned for a moment, then threw his cigarette to the ground, making sure to push it into the dark gray asphalt. 

"I think you should come with me, Carly," he said, walking very close to me.

"No, I don't think so, listen you've been really nice to me and I appreciate that, but I really do need to find my friend," I answered.

That's when the nice man turned into someone not so nice. He approached me and grabbed my arm, very tightly and began pushing me towards his car. 

"No, please Sir, please, don't do this, You've been really nice to me but I really just want to go now," I pleaded.

"Silly girl, you have much to learn if you want to make it in this town," he said, chuckling quietly.

I tried to struggle, to get away, but he was much stronger then he looked. He pushed me into the front seat and climbed in quickly, wasting no time in locking me in. My heart dropped when I heard the "click" of the locks going into place ...... sealing me in this tomb. How could I have been this stupid to allow this to happen to me. I mean, I watch the news, I know how dangerous the world is for young girls like me. I never should have come here. I was safe in Georgia, now I was trapped in California.

As he drove and I watched the trees and power lines zip by, I began to get sick to my stomach. 

"Please Sir, could you pull over for a moment? I'm going to be sick," I said.

"That's not possible, miss, we'll be to my house shortly," he said, lighting up another cigarette.

"Please, please I really do feel ill, Sir, please just pull over for a moment," I pleaded.

"NO!!!" he snapped, "Now just sit back and relax, my house is just up the road."

I covered my mouth and leaned my head against the cool window, wishing to God I was anywhere else but here. I guess I must have dozed off for a few minutes because I awoke to the sound of the locks clicking again and the man getting out of the car. 

"Don't try any bullshit, Carly," he said, shutting the door and walking around to my side.

"Come on," he said, pulling me from the passenger seat and pushing me up to the small front porch of his house. 

I closed my eyes hearing nothing but the jingling of his keys as he unlocked the door. I felt him push me into the house, it smelled of stale cigarette smoke and that only made me even more queasy. I opened my eyes to find nothing more then a run of the mill shack.

"Have a seat, Carly," he said, guiding me to a small musty couch. 

"Sir, if I may ask, what do you want with me?"

"You are not to speak unless spoken to, miss," he answered, locking the front door.

I watched him walk away and disappear into what I assumed to be his kitchen. I could hear him clanking glasses together and slamming cabinet doors. I nearly jumped out of my skin when he emerged so quickly.

"Ok, so you don't drink coffee, will tea do?" he asked, placing 2 glasses of amber colored tea on the small coffee table.

"Yes, tea is fine," I whispered.

"Good," he said, walking over to the other side of the room and taking a seat in a small brown armchair.

He sat there and just stared at me for what seemed to be a lifetime before finally speaking.

"You're a gorgeous girl, Carly, just not too bright," he said, taking a sip of his tea.

I was beginning to get pissed. I didn't like being taken against my will then being brought to some shit hole where I wasn't even allowed to speak.

"What the hell do you want with me??" I asked, very agitated.

"Again, I repeat, you are not too bright, Carly," he said, placing his cup on a small table.

"Take off your shirt for me," he said, smiling.

"Fuck you mister," I said, slouching back into the couch.

"It is not your job to argue with me, Carly, do as you're told or this could become scary for you," he answered.

I looked into his eyes and I knew he was serious. I knew I was in some deep shit at this point. So, with trembling fingers, I slowly began to unbutton my white silk blouse. 

He smiled pervertedly as my white lace bra was exposed. I watched him shift in his seat as my blouse fell off my bare shoulders. 

"Very nice," he said, "Now remove your bra."

I froze for a moment, should I obey him or risk the consequences?

My eyes never left his as I slid my small hands behind me and unhooked the warm lace bra from my firm 18 year old tits. He took a deep breath when he saw them bounce free from the lacey restraint. I could see his cock bulging beneath his dirty jeans as he shifted again. 

"Mmmm, you have beautiful nipples, Carly, rub them a bit for me, pinch them a little," he moaned.

I did as he told me, fearing what would happen if I didn't. I whinced a bit as my taut pink nipples rested between my slender fingers. 

"Very nice, Carly, open your legs a bit for me," he said, reaching up and unzipping his jeans.

The echo of the zipper going down was like a bass drum in my ears. My heart began to pound hard in my chest and my queasiness returned.

"Yeah, that's it, Carly, now open up a little further, let me see what color your panties are," he whispered, raising his hips and sliding his jeans down, revealing his massive cock to me.

My eyes widened as I took in the sight of his cock. It was so thick. 

I opened my legs further, revealing my white lace panties to him.

"Mmmm, yes baby, those are very nice too, are you shaved?" he asked, slowly beginning to stroke his rod.

I continued rubbing my nipples which were hard as stone now, so hard they ached. I found myself not only rubbing my nipples, but also rubbing my firm tits.

"Yes, I'm shaved," I answered almost breathlessly.

"Let me see," he whispered.

I dropped my hands and slowly stood up, my short flowing skirt tickling the back of my legs and my blouse and bra finally falling to the floor. 

I reached back and unzipped my blue plaid skirt, feeling a cool breeze cut thru the scant lace of my panties. 

"Don't stop now, Carly, remove the skirt," he instructed.

I finished unzipping my skirt and let it fall to my feet with my blouse and bra, standing there in just my white lace panties. I watched him begin to stroke faster as I noticed his cock tip becoming wet. 

"Finish it, Carly," he said, "Remove your panties now, reveal yourself to me."

My fingers were beginning to get cold and still shaking as I slid them inside the tight elastic waistband of my panties. I hesitated for just a moment before finally sliding them down past my perfectly shaven young pussy. I wiggled my hips a bit as I worked the panties down past my knees, then to my ankles. 

"Now stand up straight," he said.

I obeyed him, watching his eyes scan my young body. 

"Have you ever been fucked, Carly?" he asked, slowing his jerking off pace down.

"Yes, I've had sex before, I am 18," I answered.

"No, I didn't ask you if you've ever had sex, I asked you if you've ever been fucked," he said.

"What's the difference?" I asked.

"Having sex is slow and passionate, being fucked is just with raw sexual power," he explained.

I felt my nipples harden again when he said that. My pussy began to feel wet. How could I be getting turned on by this? I don't even know him.

"Come here, Carly," he said, motioning me with his finger. 

I took a deep breath and walked over to him, standing between his open legs.

"Yes?"

"Straddle me, put that hot young pussy on my cock, don't say anything, just do it," he said.

I looked into his eyes and took another deep breath, slowly bringing my legs up to straddle his lap. Once my legs were wrapped around him, I felt his thick cock tip press into my wet slit. I could feel his dick throbbing and I could hear his heavy breaths.

I felt his big hands slide around to my bare ass as his nails pushed into my flesh. I felt his hips rise up and his cock slipped into me. Oh my God, I couldn't believe how big he was. I felt his cock stretch me immediately. It seemed like forever before my pussy lips finally wrapped around the base of his cock. His pubic hair was warm pressing into my bare cunt. I felt his hands began to use my ass to thrust me up and down. I could feel the tip of his cock bump my womb with each thrust. 

"Ohhhhh, ohhhhhhh," I moaned, throwing my head back.

He put his mouth on my young pink nipple, gently biting it with his front teeth. I placed my hands on his shoulders and gripped them tightly, using them for leverage as I began riding him. This stranger's cock felt so good inside me, unlike any other cock I had ever felt in my life. He and I fucked in perfect motion. My young firm tits bounced with each of his thrusts. His large hand slid up my back, cupping my neck. He used his grip to thrust up inside me deeper, his balls warm against my ass. 

He used his other hand to rub and massage my tits as I bounced on his throbbing cock. 

"Mmmmm, fuck yeah, Carly, that's it baby, make me cum, make me fill your young pussy up baby," he moaned, his grip on my neck getting tighter. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh Gawwwwwwwwwwwd," I moaned as my own climax approached.

"Yeah, yeah yeah, that's it baby, that's it, take it, MMMMMMMMMMM HERE IT CUMS, CARLY," he yelled as his cock exploded inside me. 

I could no longer hold back. My climax took over and my young body trembled and my pussy quivered on this stranger's cock. My eyes rolled back and I suddenly dived into an unknown world. We both just sat there for a moment in breathless silence. His cock still unloading inside me as my pussy began to calm down. I sat there slowly rocking on his cock, helping the last of his cum escape into me. 

"That was amazing, Carly," he whispered as his cock began to soften inside me, "We should do this again sometime."

I managed to fake a smile as I slid up, my pussy releasing his cock. I walked back over to the couch to get my clothes as he zipped his jeans back up. 

"Wow, I've only had sex like that in my dreams, if this is a dream, let me never wake up," he said.

--------------------------------------

"Wake up, Carly, wake up, jesus girl, wake up," said a voice as I felt myself being shaken.

"W-w-what???? Where am I?" I asked.

"You're at the airport, silly, you fell asleep waiting for me, I'm sorry I'm late," said Angel, as I tried to adjust my eyes to the bright lights of the airport.

Finally I was able to focus and there she was. 

"Angel!!!!!!" I yelled, jumping up and hugging her, "What happened to that nice man?"

"What nice man?" she asked with a puzzled look on her face.

"Nevermind," I answered, I guess it was just a dream.

I stood up and got my bearings, slowly grabbing my 3 suitcases.

"You dropped something, wouldn't want you to lose anything, miss," said a voice from behind me. 

"Miss????? ...... Wait, you're the .........."

"Come on, Carly, my dad's waiting for us out in the car!!," yelled Angel. 

The man just smiled at me and then walked outside and lit up a cigarette. He looked over his shoulder and grinned as he walked out to a small red car. 

I wonder ............