 I was at another bull shit party for my parents and yet again was being treated like a child. I was eighteen yet they treated me like I was five as the ordered me around. I was told who to talk to, who not to, and what to say. It was completely frustrating, but I was Marin Marie Kent and unless I could some how be unborn I didn't have much of a choice. 

"I really wish you hadn't dressed like such a tart, your father's friends are acting like old fools," my mother huffed as she downed yet another glass of wine. 

"What can I say, I'm a whore," I rolled my eyes. 

I was wearing a very sexy slip dress with a low cut v- neckline that showed quite a bit of my breasts. It was black, backless, and had a high split to show off a lot of leg. My dark hair hung down in waves and I'd outlined my baby blue eyes in a dark eyeliner. I had also applied a smoky eyeshadow and a bright red lipstick. 

"Well you are what you dress like," she sneered.

In all honestly this was nothing compared to what I usually dressed like when they weren't around. Most of the time I could be arrested for public indecency, today I'd actually covered up quite a bit. 

"Well if that's the case then you must be an uptight bitch," I smirked as I got up from the table. I didn't want to deal with her shit anymore so I left her gaping like a fish and headed towards the bar. 

"Hey Miles," I purred at the bartender. Miles and I would occasionally fuck in the storage room at these parties and in return I got to underage drink all I wanted. 

"Hey Marin," he winked as he handed me a drink. 

"Thanks," I batted my lashes. 

He glanced around before leaning in close and whispering, "thank me later with that sweet pussy." 

"Sounds like a plan," I giggled. He went back to work and I wandered off sipping my drink trying my best to get a good buzz. 

I'd have to be somewhat drunk before I let Miles put his cock anywhere near me tonight. It wasn't that Miles was bad looking or that I didn't like fucking him it was just that I wasn't in the mood for him tonight. He was good with his cock and good at making me cum and fucking him had the added bonus of pissing my mother off, but I just wasn't feeling it. I'd needed something... someone better and as I glanced around the party I knew exactly who. 

Grayson Chambers in all his bad boy glory was in attendance tonight. Grayson had just had a very public brush with the law and was in my mothers opinion 'a disgrace to his parents'. His parents must've been trying to remedy his image by dressing him in a monkey suit and parading him around the party, but there was no use. With his visible tattoos, broad muscular physique, and brooding expression he just looked like trouble. My mother would definitely disapprove, but maybe next time she wouldn't call her own daughter a whore. 

As I approached him Grayson glanced my way, but didn't check me out like the other men there had been doing. 

"Hey Grayson long time no see," I greeted him.

"Hey Marin," he sighed. 

"Wow don't sound too excited to see me," I laughed. 

"I'm not... you rich bitches are all the same," he grumbled. 

"Oh how so?" I grinned. 

"Mommy and daddy didn't buy you something you wanted to know you're punishing them by talking to me," he rolled his eyes. 

In a sense I was kind of doing that, but I didn't want to just talk. 

"Actually I wanted you to fuck me senseless to get back at them, but I guess you aren't interested," I smirked. 

"Oh really?" he laughed surprised. 

"Yep, according to my mother I'm dressed like a whore so I might as well just behave like one," I said dead serious.

"Well thanks for the offer, but I have somewhere to be so maybe another time," he declined. 

I was even more intrigued by him now. 

"Oh and where is that?" I asked stepping closer so we were practically pressed up against one another. 

"Somewhere where a Princess like you couldn't handle," he rolled his eyes at my tactics. 

"You have no idea what I can handle sweetheart," I said suggestively. 

"I know exactly what a girl like you can handle, but fine you can come with just to prove my point," he shrugged. 

"You never know Chambers I may just surprise you." 

We left without a word to our parents and Grayson led me outside to a sleek black sports car. 

We drove towards my neighborhood and I frowned as he pulled up in front of my house. 

"Why are we here?" I frowned. 

"I'm not taking you anywhere dressed like that so go change," he huffed. 

I rolled my eyes but went in and did as he said. I changed into a thin white slashed crop top that left nothing to the imagination and perfectly showed off the tattoo on my left ribcage. I also wore a lace up ripped black denim skirt with a simple pair of converses. 

"So Princess has a tat what's it say?" Grayson asked as I slid back into the car and he sped off. 

"Not all those who wander are lost." 

"Tolkien huh? So you're a secret nerd?" he chuckled. 

"I'm surprised big bad Grayson Chambers even reads... or knows how to for that matter," I teased. 

"Funny," he grinned. 

"So where are we going?" I asked noticing we were heading into the dodgier part of town. 

"Getting nervous?" he smirked. 

"No, just wondering," I shrugged. Little did he know I'd been in this part of town plenty of times thanks to various hook ups. 

He pulled into a run down parking lot and parked on the roof leaving me to give him a questioning look. 

"We've got to walk there, and I need to change out of this monkey suit," he explained with a laugh. 

I watched as he got out and started shedding his clothes tossing them in the back seat as he went. I bit my lip as I studied his muscular tatted up body, and let my eyes wander down his happy trail to where his Calvin Klein boxer briefs concealed his large cock. I was practically salivating by the time he pulled on a pair of basketball shorts and a compression tee. 

I got out of the car as he traded his dress shoes for Vans and I silently wished he hadn't stopped undressing at the boxers. 

"Ready Marin?" he asked with a smirk knowing full well how turned on I was. 

"Oh so he does know my name, fantastic," I snarked. 

"Come on smart ass," he shook his head and opened the door to the stair case for me. 

I distinctly felt his eyes on my ass as we descended the staircases to the ground level and I smiled to myself.

We walked a couple of blocks to an old abandoned warehouse that had definitely seen better days. Grayson led me around back to a broken window and smirked at me. 

I knew he was expecting me to chicken out, but Marin Kent was no pussy. 

"Come on slow poke," I laughed. I climbed through the window and hung by my fingers on the ledge before dropping to my feet. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the dark, but when they did all I saw was dusty old boxes stacked randomly. 

"Alright you've passed the test so far," Grayson whispered when he dropped down next to me. 

"Well I think that deserves a little reward then," I grinned. I pushed him back against the wall and pressed my lips to his. He growled and spun us around so I was the one being pressed against the wall as his tongue invaded my mouth. One hand cupped my breast and squeezed while my hands traveled inside his shorts and stroked his massive cock. 

"Later," he chuckled pulling my hands away and grinding his hard cock against me. 

"Fucking tease," I sighed. 

"Trust me fucking you right here right now is tempting, but I need all my energy right now," he said kissing me one last time before stepping away. 

I was officially very sexually frustrated, but I gave in and let him lead me out of the room and down a hallway. The hall opened into a larger room that was lit up and filled with a large crowd of people. In the center was a stage like construction that I knew immediately what it was for. I'd heard about the underground fights, but I'd never actually gone to one. 

Grayson led me over to a guy who looked about our age, who had a similar bad boy appearance to Grayson. 

"Hey who's the chick?" the guy asked in a loud yet deep voice. 

"Hey Zander, this is Marin," Grayson said doing the typical bro hug with the guy. 

"Okay, well you're fighting Jensen so I hope she's not a distraction," Zander shrugged. 

"Wait you're fighting?" I asked wide eyed. It wasn't a huge surprise I guess, but I was still shocked. 

"Nervous now Princess?" he smirked. 

"Yeah for you!" 

He shook his head and laughed, "watch out for her Z," he said before heading towards the ring.

A hush came over the room as Grayson and a very large guy I presumed was Jensen took the stage. Jensen and Grayson were pretty matched as far as size and height, but Grayson was a country club boy by birth and the guy he was fighting definitely wasn't. 

Some guy with a bull horn announced their names and then it was on. Jensen lunged for Grayson, but he easily dodged him and struck the guy in the side. It was like watching a very cave manesque type of dance as they lunged at each other. Grayson landed more punches and it seemed like Jensen couldn't get a shot in. Grayson was just too fast which was actually quite amazing considering his size. I watched in awe as he ended the fight with a hard left hook that sent Jensen falling to the ground. 

The crowd cheered his name and he ate it up as the announcer guy made sure Jensen was still breathing. Grayson hopped off the stage and came towards me with a determined look on his face. I met him half way and launched myself at him, wrapping my legs around his waist and kissing him hard. 

He carried me through the crowd until he reached Zander who handed him a wad of cash that he pocketed. 

"Have fun kids," Zander snickered.

Grayson pushed through people until we came to the original room we'd been in. As soon as the door closed my skirt was pushed to my hips and I was slammed against the wall. His lips attacked mine as he entered me and I gasped at the incredible sensation of him inside me. I didn't make a habit of fucking without protection, but for Grayson I'd make an exception. 

"Fuck me good and fuck me hard," I moaned in his ear.

He grunted and then he was lifting me up and slamming me down hard on his cock as he slammed me against the wall. Something dug into my back and was sure to leave marks, but it only added to my pleasure as Grayson filled me and showed me how a real man fucked. 

His cock was so thick I was being stretched to my limit as he impaled me on it and the sensation was incredible. I'd never felt so full and it had my pussy weeping with joy. 

I cried out as I came while he bounced me on his shaft. He'd easily found my g-spot and was slamming his cock into it over and over until I'd cum not once, but twice with in minutes of each other.

I raked my nails down his back and moaned as he growled in response. His strong arms held me tightly, his lips moving from mine to my breasts and back again. 

"Fuck yes right there!" I whimpered as he continued fucking me just right. 

"Fuck your pussy is tight," He grunted as he came with a few final thrusts. I moaned loudly as he made me cum for the third time that night.

I whimpered as he pulled out of me and set me down on my feet, already I missed the incredibly satisfying full feeling he'd given me.

"We better get out of here before people come to investigate all that screaming," Grayson winked. 

"What can I say, I'm very vocal," I shrugged. 

Grayson laughed and led me to the window giving me a boost so I could pull myself through. Once I was through it took him seconds to pull his own self through. 

"What now?" I asked. 

"Now," he said pulling me against him and kissing me, "we go to my place and I do what you originally asked me to."

"Oh what fuck me senseless?" I giggled recalling my original proposition. 

"Exactly," he grinned.