 "What I really want to do, in black and white, is photograph you naked," he explained. "It would be so different from the other things yet still the same. Naked can mean innocent, yet it can also be passionate and sexual. But it's something every person deals with every day; it's the most complete part of a person, their body. The pictures of you have been in black and white except for one roll, so they are already different. I was just hoping to take it a step further."

I blushed deeply. "Are you serious?"

"Of course," he said. "I've seen you naked, it's...it's flawless."

My face was getting redder by the second.

"Please?"

I looked at him. He was one hundred percent genuine, an unlikely thing for Ben. He really wanted to do this.

"Okay," I said quietly. "In here?"

He nodded eagerly.

I was apprehensive as I slowly stripped of my clothes. It wasn't that I was nervous about being naked in front of Ben, that wasn't a big deal. But having naked pictures of me? I wasn't so sure that would be a great idea. I never understood what was so sexual about seeing a girl naked. For me, the fact that someone is naked isn't what is sexy, it's how he looks; it's that look in his eyes that tells me he is going to have his way with me. That's what sexual. Without the sexual heat, being naked was pure, bare, vulnerable.

"Ready?" Ben asked me hesitantly.

I nodded and took a deep breath. Ben didn't try to hide his eyes; I tried to ignore his awed stare. 

I was naked. Naked. And someone was going to take pictures of me. Part of my head was screaming "No! Get out of here!" but the other part wanted me to give it a shot. It was Ben, nothing horrible could happen. If I decided I didn't want people seeing the pictures or something like that, he would destroy them for me. That was just the way it was.

"Face that wall, wrap your arms around yourself, and looked at me. Oh and take your hair down," Ben instructed. "I'm so glad you didn't blow it straight. You know how much I love your raven Sarah Jessica Parker curls."

I blushed and giggled. I did what he told me to. It was surprisingly natural. Plus, I don't think Ben got a straight on of any of my body parts; always the gentleman, easing me into it. 

We spent about an hour and a half taking pictures. My favorite was a shot from behind; I was sitting backward on a chair, leaning against it, looking over my shoulder and directly into the camera, with a few stray curls of hair in my way. The bottom of the shot only showed part of my back, so nothing was exposed. We did a few full frontals and some with exposure, but I preferred everything but. 

"That's all I need I guess," Ben said. 

"Was I good?" I asked.

"Babe, you were great," he grinned.

I headed over to my clothes on the bed.

"So, who were you wearing the underwear for?" he asked.

I looked at him, rather shocked.

"What do you mean?"

"The underwear, who are you wearing it for?" he repeated. "You didn't know I was coming so I know that underwear wasn't for me. And at the same time, I know you don't wear black lacy underwear just for the sake of wearing it."

"It's been five years, maybe I've changed," I replied.

"In other words I should just buzz off and realize that it's none of my business?" he asked.

"Basically."

"But it is sort of my business. Because I want to know who's girlfriend I am doing inappropriate things to when I do them," he said.

My jaw dropped. It shouldn't have been surprising. He was just being Ben, and I knew as well as he did that we would probably end up having sex before he went back to England – I mean come on, I was standing in front of him naked at the very moment. It was just bold and unexpected; classic Ben. He was always quite a gentleman, but at the same time, if he wanted something, he was going to get it. If he wanted to have sex with someone, he probably would. And he wasn't afraid to say it.

"His name is James and he is my twenty-eight year old professor," I stated flatly.

"You little slut," he grinned. "That was his sweatshirt that you were wearing earlier too, wasn't it? How long have you two been together?"

"Over a month. And yes, we have had sex, and yes, it was great, and yes, I do love him," I replied.

"Would it kill him if I fucked you on that bed?" Ben asked, stepping toward me.

The clothes in my hands dropped to the floor, and my heart quickened.

"I don't know," I stammered. "With you, all bets are off."

He took another step toward me. I lost control of my breath; it was random, not always breathe in, breathe out. I gasped, I sighed, I breathed without being in charge of my lungs. Ben's hand went to my hip. I had a flash of James; after Sandy Colbert, dessert and sex, in his kitchen at Thanksgiving, the park.

But then Ben kissed me. I had forgotten the way Ben kissed. He didn't kiss gently like James. Even when James was passionate, it wasn't like Ben's kiss. Ben was hard. Ben was rough. Ben's kiss let you know that he was going to fuck you like you were the only thing in the world. Ben's kiss let you know that yeah you were beautiful, but he wanted to know if you were hot, if you were sex. Ben's kiss made you forget to breathe. 

I was already naked, but Ben was still fully clothed. I ripped at his buttons. Slid his shirt off of his shoulders. His hands left my hips and unbuckled his belt and whipped off his pants. My thumbs hooked the sides of his boxers, and I slipped them down as I went to my knees. He grinned down at me. 

I washed my tongue around his head. As I began to suck, I took more and more of him into my mouth. I raced my hands up and down the part of his shaft that didn't fit in my mouth. He moaned and threw his head back, grabbing handfuls of my hair with his fists. Suddenly he pulled me away by my hair, and brought my lips back up to his.

He laid me back onto the bed. Had I been paying attention, I would have thought it was absurd that he had a queen-sized bed and a down comforter in a place that was just for him to crash some nights. But I wasn't paying attention. I only noticed my growing need for him, and his growing erection. 

Instead of thrusting himself on me like we both wanted so badly, he slithered down my body, laying kisses as he went. He kissed the middle of my chest, down my stomach, traced my belly button with his mouth, kissed down to just above my clit. But he skipped over it. He went to my inner thighs. He nibbled at them, lavished them with kisses and wet them with his tongue. I reached my hands down to guide him.

"No, no, no," he grinned. "We can't have that."

He leapt off me and found his discarded pants. He pulled the belt from them and grabbed my hands. A figure eight around my wrists and fastened around a bed post, he bound my hands with the belt.

"That's better."

He went back to work. He touched everywhere but where I needed him to. I groaned and pulled at my restraints. He chuckled but stood up. I gasped as I watched him redress.

"What are you – what are you doing?" I asked.

He ignored my question. "I'll be back."

He left. I was out of control with desire, but he was gone. I couldn't even please myself he had bound me so tightly. I writhed against the belt, but to no avail. Just as I gave up Ben was back.

He was still sweaty, his black hair damp and messy, his shirt crinkled, his pants almost falling off without the belt. He pulled a razor and shaving cream from the shopping bag he had carried in. He was grinning devillishly.

"Let's see what you look like bald," he said.

My eyes grew wide as he went to work. He sat in between my legs and dispensed the shaving cream into his hand. As he rubbed it on my pussy I arched my hips toward him, wishing for more pressure. He just laughed. Slowly, carefully, he shaved off the little patch of hair I had left. I had always kept my pussy trimmed, but not ever completely bare. He finished quite quickly and washed me off with a wash cloth.

"Oh you look sexy," he said.

"Sexy enough to eat?" I pleaded.

"Okay, I guess I'll give in. To tell you the truth, I couldn't hold myself back much longer anyway," he replied.

He stripped down and dove headfirst between my legs.

Oh.

I had forgotten how good Ben was with his tongue. My breath became ragged once more. I fought with my restraints so hard my wrists were raw. I arched my hips to meet his tongue, his lips, his teeth, his mouth.

He grabbed my engorged clit with his teeth and flicked his tongue across it as I came. I closed my eyes and screamed. He lapped at my juices as quickly as they flowed.

He climbed back on top of me. He kissed me to let me share my taste. I moaned into his mouth. I felt his erection knocking on the inside of my thighs, begging to be let inside.

"Please," I sighed. "Plea – "

He cut off my plea as he pushed inside of me. I lost my breath. He was huge.

"Oh," I moaned. "Jesus."

He grinned. "I'm going to fuck your brains out."

"Please," I begged. "Do. Now."

He began to thrust. With Ben, there was no starting off gently. He pushed into me as hard as he could. It was fast and hard and wet. He unfastened his belt so I could rake my nails along his spine, leaving red scratches as I went. 

My walls began to clench.

"I'm going to cum," I whispered. "My God."

I felt his energy building up too. My walls rubbed against his cock perfectly. Or was it the other way? One more push and we were over the edge. I screamed as he emptied into me. He screamed as he emptied into me.

We ended in a tangled, sweaty mess. Our hearts were beating out of control, we were just regaining our breath. It was so fucking good.

"Mother fucker that was great," Ben sighed.

"Yeah," I agreed.