 This is a continuation of an earlier story I posted entitled Rekindling an Old Flame With Henry. To enhance this story, the reader may wish to read that one first. 

***

Henry seemed to be quite an expert at being sneaky. He was, after all, a detective for the sheriff's department. He always seemed to know where his wife was at all times, and reminded me incessantly to check and see where my husband was, so as to avoid him when we were together. 

As of the beginning of this tale, Henry and I had only had sex once. It was rather rough and hurried, and Henry came and ran. I knew that he wasn't really that sort of man though. Our first time was frantic due to circumstance. When Henry texted me later that night and asked if I enjoyed our meeting, I told him of course I did, but I really would also love to take our time and have a relaxed environment sometime. He replied that he would love that as well and promised to "make it happen". 

So we chatted back and forth a few days and then one morning I got a text from him asking me to meet him on the parking lot of the local outlet mall, that he had a place where we could relax for a while and enjoy each other. My son was in school. My husband was at his office. I knew this because Henry, ever the detective, had driven by and seen his truck parked there. I had no commitments until late afternoon. I donned my sexiest, laciest matching bra and panties, slipped on a casual blue dress and some sandals and off I went. 

Henry was already there and had me to lock my car and get into the passenger side of his police SUV. He then drove away heading towards his house in the country. I scooted down in the seat a little to avoid anyone we passed recognizing me. Before long he turned down a long driveway. He lived in a double wide mobile home. Perpendicular to it was another mobile home...his elderly mother's. 

"Scoot down in the seat more so Mom doesn't see you." Henry implored. I obeyed, playfully running my hand up the inside of his thigh and rubbing his testicles through his uniform. He was grinning ear to ear. He pulled to the back of his trailer, out of view of Mama, and we exited and went in the back door. There were photos everywhere of Henry and Cathy, his wife, who I was fairly well acquainted with. I tried desperately not to think about her, or the fact that Henry had brought me to their home, of all places. He took me immediately to the bedroom. I'm sure I looked somewhat mortified. "Don't worry", Henry soothed me. "Cathy is working through lunch and when she gets off she is going to the grocery store. 

"Does your mom have a key?" I asked, picturing her walking in on us and seeing my naked bottom with Henry's dick going in and out of me. 

"Mom won't get out by herself anymore. She just peeks out the window. She has a key, but the door is bolted from the inside. Even if she decided to come over here, she couldn't just walk in." He began to undress me, unzipping my dress and pushing it downward to the floor. His hands were huge. He engulfed my lacy bra with them, then lowered one hand to my bottom and gave it a squeeze. I turned to meet his kisses and began to help him out of his uniform. He undid my bra and let it fall, rolling my bare breasts in his hands and teasing my nipples. 

Still in my panties, I lay in the outline where his wife had slept, which was still visible on the sheets. The pillow was still dented where her head had rested the night before. On Henry's nightstand was a big bottle of lubricant and a glamour photo of Cathy. I shrugged to myself thinking that it never turns out quite like you have it pictured in your mind. Henry was already erect. I put the surroundings out of my mind and stroked him a few times, enjoying how excited he was. 

Henry slipped his arm underneath my head and began to kiss me as his left hand explored my body. His touches and caresses were masterful,his kisses amazing, his cologne divine. He slid his hand into my panties. HIs index and ring fingers spread my lips as his middle finger slipped into my slippery vulva. He sank it deep and spread the wetness upward to my hood, opening it back with the same two fingers and teasing my bud with the tip of his middle finger. He was quickly working me into a frenzy. I pushed my panties off and kicked them into the air. They landed appropriately on Cathy's picture. Henry moved his fingers down again, this time trying to insert his middle and ring finger simultaneously. He succeeded, and I felt the coldness of his wedding band touch my labia. 

I pushed his head downward. He stopped to cover my breasts with kisses, pressed soft kisses across my mommy scars and my mons pubis, and dove between my legs. He was masterful as his lips and tongue worked their magic on my clitoris. His big black mustache lay like velcro atop my red stubbled mound. I began to thrust against his mouth. His hands were wrapped around my breasts, massaging and kneading. I thought of how roughly he had pounded me from behind the first time we had sex, and now I was intent on using him, exacting some revenge. I began humping his tongue as roughly as I could manage. I wrapped my legs tight, pulled his head to me with as much force as I could muster, and ground my sex into his mouth. This excited him even more, and he went wild with his tongue, pushing it inside me and swirling it up and over my button again and again. He flattened his palm on my tummy and trailed it down until his thumb reached my clit and rolled it as he suckled my labia. He then dropped the same hand beneath his chin as his mouth replaced his thumb, and I felt him begin to tease my bottom. When he began to moan into me, the vibrations threw me mercilessly over the edge and I lost it. I exploded with an orgasm, cumming wave after wave after wave until I finally fell limp...spent...drained, and relaxed my grip on poor Henry's head. I could feel him grinning wickedly against my vagina as he continued to lightly nibble and lick me before finally moving up and laying beside me in the bed. 

His soldier now stood half erect. I reached between my legs and mopped my wetness, transferring it to his crooked shaft, and began to stroke him. In a moment or two he was ready. I threw my leg over him and sat on him, letting my breasts brush his chest as I kissed his neck. I felt his big hands grab my bottom and in a moment he was inside me and moaning "oh god oh god" as he guided me up and down. He was swollen hard again, like a rock. I felt his plumb shaped head rest deep inside me as I sat down hard and stayed there, rocking and swirling my hips. I sat back, straight up, pushed my auburn hair back with both hands, and let him massage my breasts for a while, then rolled forward and began to ride him in earnest, driving my hips up and down in a steady rhythm. I could see all over his face that he was loving every second of this, and I loved that he was loving it.

I rode him like a champ, bucking and throwing my head back every so often, and moaning breathlessly things like "ohh godd Henry you feel soooo good. You're sooo hard. Ohhh god yesss cum for me. I want to feel it." 

After a good long while I recognized that he was close and hurried my movements into an even more frantic pumping. "Deeeeee...I'm gonna..." 

"Cummmmm" I whispered as I sat down hard and swirled my hips. I felt his hot white leche rushing deep in my womb as he wrapped his hands around to the top of my ass cheeks, pulling them wide and pushing me down hard onto him while thrusting his hips up to meet my body. We were welded together. I collapsed on his chest. 

We lay there like that for the longest, with him still inside me. Finally I crawled off of him. His base and testicles were covered in semen. I retrieved my panties from Cathy's picture frame and hurried to the bathroom where Henry's semen continued to drip from me for several minutes. I slipped on my bra and panties and pulled my dress over my head, then stood at the vanity where Cathy dressed every morning and touched up my hair and makeup. Henry's police scanner went off. "You about ready to roll?" he called from the bedroom. 

He was decked out in uniform and checking the scene outside to be sure the coast was clear. We made our way to his SUV and I hid in the floorboard again as we left. Thankfully we never saw his mother. 

I was back in time to pick up my son from school, and home in time to make a nice dinner, smiling to myself the entire evening. I avoided my husband that night, which wasn't a particularly difficult task, staying up late to "watch a movie" as he went to bed at the customary nine o'clock. 

Sitting in the choir loft the following Sunday in the morning service, I could not help but think of my time with Henry. I had slept with a married man, in the very bed where he and his wife had slept the night before, with her photo watching us from the nightstand. Neither of us even removed our wedding rings. I felt guilt as I sang the hymns, but as I continued to play the events over in my mind during the sermon, I have to confess, my underwear dampened. I wanted more of this, more of Henry. Lust was kicking Guilt's ass.