 My birthday had came. I just turned 36. Got up in the morning and no one said happy birthday. Noon came and someone read the calendar and noticed it was my birthday. I said not to remind my husband as I wanted to see if he truly remembered. Noon came and went. Then at 2:00 the phone rang. It was him. I waited for him to say it. He told me to come out to the farm. So I did. 

We went and fed the cows. An hour had went by and still nothing. I was getting mad at this. We parked the tractor in the shed. He got out first. It was a Case red tractor. It has three steps on it, or a ladder whichever farmers call it.

I call things as I see them. Like if a dick is huge, my eyes pop. If I see a dick and its normal, a huge smile. 

Anyways, I went to step out and walk down the steps. He was standing at the bottom. As I stepped onto the second one down, he reached up and started loosening my pants. Pulling them down, along with my panties. He was tall enough at this point, to be tongue level with my pussy. 

As I hung onto the handle of the door, his tongue started to lick the surface of my lips. His fingers spreading my lips apart so his tongue could enter. 

Oh, just typing this as it just happened yesterday is making me wet and horny.

How such a place could turn into an erotic being for two people. 

He continued probing my pussy with his tongue. Not getting the complete satisfaction, or wanting a place to lay down on; not questioning why. He helped me down and we walked out of the shed. Smiles on our faces. His lips still glistening with my cum. 

I seen the perfect place. There was a low bed trailer with a few fence racks on it. But still room for two able people to do what needed to be done.

He lay his jacket on the floor of the trailer. Lifting me up. Once again, pulling my pants off. This time panties and pants were gone. 

With sounds of cows, birds, wind, trees all around us. Knowing at any given time someone could come in the yard. Was it that that drove us to have sex out in the open? Who cares. It did happen. And if anyone had drove in, I suppose we would have gotten dressed very quickly. Or if they were in that mood also, depending on who it was, maybe ask them to join us. 

He lifted my legs so my feet rested on his shoulders. With his cock in his hand, he guided it into my now soaking, now eager than ever, pussy. My lips enveloping his rock hard cock. Throbbing, he thrusted it into me. With my legs up, his cock could be felt in different spaces, than just missionary allows it. 

He fucked me like there was no tomorrow in this position. As I was up on my elbows I had view of many things. His cock being shoved inside me. The look on his face as his cock was ready to explode. And the look on the cows face I could see in between the granaries. I guess the squealing and moaning and screaming I was doing, got their attention. 

As my elbows were sore, I wanted to change positions. So I hopped down and turned around. My hands now holding me up in doggie position. My bare feet sitting on my slip on shoes. He bends down a bit to enter me. As I am shorter than he is. 

As the birds fly, so does a cock fuck a woman. So does the cum come out of a cock. With several thrusts I soon felt it. His cock came with such vigor. Moving my body ahead. I found myself leaning more on the trailer. Catching my breath.

If this is how it feels to have an outer body experience, then I am game. I would truly need them every day. Perhaps twice or more.

With his cock still inside, the semen dripping now. I turn my head and see his face. The look on it is astounding. He leaned forward and kissed my lips. 

We both share smiles, and the look of pure devil comes upon us. 

Someone could have drove in, yes. If they had stopped their vehicle and watched,I wouldn't have cared. Not for this birthday present. Not in a million years would I change a thing. 

We both get our clothes on and walk towards the other Case tractor. He pulls me close and says "Just in CASE you forgot, I love you".

As each new piece of equipment comes in, a new memory is made for the farm. 

As each year passes, birthday gifts will have to be something better. I wonder what he has in store for me next year???

Guess I will have wait and see, won't I!!