 By my own estimation, I was a bit of a slut in college. I dated a few women seriously but I wasn't averse to waking up next to a naked stranger and asking her name. Some hot times were had, you can be sure of that. Still, I don't think the collected stories of all my other college sex partners can compare to the tales I could tell about one woman - Gina. I dated Gina for almost two years, easily the longest relationship I had in my five years of school.

Gina was two years my junior and she was a lovely sight. She was gorgeous; simply stunning. She had a huge smile, her lips seeming insufficient to hold back the big gleaming white teeth behind them. Her hair was medium-long and dark, thick and wavy, soft and smelling of tea roses. She had full young breasts that hung heavy in her blouse, shapely legs she liked to show off, and a wonderful hourglass figure. Her hips were a touch wide but that just made her deliciously voluptuous. It made her luxurious. She was sexy in an intriguing mix of womanly body and girlish charm. 

She was a lusty wench, too. Her enthusiasm was nearly boundless and almost anything suggested to her would eventually come to pass. She would act horrified at first but given some time to think about it she invariably became more and more excited by the idea. Her imagination, however, was somewhat stunted and she didn't know how to release her fantasies. Well, at first. She learned.

After a while our sexual relationship became a little stale as we reached a point were we were too afraid or too insecure to push each other or really ask for what we wanted. We decided to try something we called being "in charge," which was a date where one of us was to follow the other's commands without fear of hurt feelings or unfulfilled desires. I don't think it was really a dominance and submission thing, at least not at first, just a more one-way affair where one person got to be the center of attention for the night.

I went first to get the ball rolling, and that night was fairly successful. We didn't do anything shocking or revolutionary, but it gave us both a certain comfort level to be a little bit selfish and really express what we wanted. It gave Gina all kinds of ideas for her first night to be in charge. We set that up for a Wednesday night since I had no classes on Thursdays and her first class didn't start until 2:30. I lived alone in a rare single room in the dormitories so it was my place or no place. She came over after dinner.

She knocked on the door near sundown and I answered it quickly. Gina's wide, glorious smile engulfed me and lit a fire in my heart just like it always did. She was dolled up in a short skirt that showed off her legs and a red blouse that hung open a little more than necessary to display her generous cleavage. She knew she was devastatingly pretty and she wanted to hammer it into my skull that I was one lucky bastard. I certainly knew it.

She sauntered straight into the room and took a seat in the dorm-provided "comfy chair," crossing her legs and assuming a commanding air. Without a word spoken I could tell she was really into the spirit of the evening. I was at least as excited as she was. I closed and locked the door and approached my queen.

"How may I serve you tonight?" 

"I have a list!!" she proclaimed, actually pulling a small stack of note cards from her bra and making a bit of a show out of it. My adrenaline surged a bit as her fingers dipped in there, but I had to be patient.

"May I see it?" I asked. Her mischievous grin answered me before her voice did.

"Oh, no. That would be telling."

"I see. Then I reiterate; how may I serve you tonight?"

She reached into her purse and pulled out a CD. "Start it on track 4."

"As you wish." I popped the CD in and set it up, then punched play. In a moment a slow, sexy blues groove filled the room.

"Now I'll give you your first command," she said, holding out one of the note cards with an impish grin on her pretty face. I took the card and read it.

strip teasE

Aw, fuck! I think I would have preferred it if she had whipped out a dildo and wanted to stick it in my ass. Look, I think I'm a bit of a big shot in the sack, and generally in life I'm a confident man, but I hate dancing. I talk a good game and I think I'm a fairly smooth operator, but I'm clumsy as fuck and I can't dance to save my life. I fear nothing, but in that moment I was flat out terrified. I almost didn't notice the odd capitalization on the 3x5 card.

"Uh...seriously?"

"Dance for me, bitch!"

I'll try not to horrify you with the precise details as I'm sure I failed miserably at most of the things I tried. You go ahead and imagine a Chippendale's dancer doing his best as you read this and I'll try to keep it brief.

I reminded myself that my girl was worth it, closed my eyes and started moving my hips to the music. I turned around and wiggled my butt in her face a little and she rewarded me with a swat on the ass. A bit more swaying to the sultry blues beat and I started taking off my shirt. Thank God I was in shape back then so my torso and chest were nice to look at. My shirt came off and I tossed it to her. She twirled it over her head and cheered like a drunk trucker in a titty bar.

I think I managed to make the belt somewhat sexy at least. I popped the buckle and pulled out a few inches of leather, then held it in my hand as if it were my dick. I moved in close to her and offered her the belt, which she took. She gave it a tug and I held tight, acting as if she were pulling on my cock and making an appropriate face of feigned ecstasy. She rightfully laughed at that but I did my best to push on through this heinous act. I moved away and let go of the belt and she pulled it through the belt loops and off.

I popped the button and tried to gyrate suggestively as I slowly pulled the zipper down, trying to make it as loud as possible. The wide, amused smile that had not left her face since this whole debacle started finally showed the slightest wisp of lust as my pants opened. She reached out but I moved back out of range. I turned around and swayed my hips in front of her as I pushed the blue jeans off my ass so she could see my boxers. Sorry -- tiny G-string, for those of you still imagining the Chippendales dancer.

About this time I regretted leaving my belt in her hands. A sharp crack of leather on my backside pulled a curse out of me and ruined any kind of rhythm I might have had, but judging by the howl of laughter from Gina she thought it was worth it. I turned with a touch of anger in my eye but it's hard to reach a position of righteous indignation with your pants around your knees. I kicked the strip tease into high gear and lost the shoes, then pulled the jeans and socks off together leaving me in my underwear and damn near the end of the first item on her list. 

Being the trooper I am I did my best to at least finish on a high note. I pulled my BVDs down my hips, moving the hem lower and lower as I slowly approached her. I worked it down to the base of my cock and just a little further, showing her the first glimpse of myself. I moved in as close as I could and tried to strike a pose, arms up and flexed, chest stuck out and torso slowly swaying to the music while shoving my pelvis at her. Again, she took the hint quickly and reached up to pull the hem slowly down until it barely held the head of my dick down. Now the twinkle of amusement in her eye was definitely turning to lust, and that suited me just fine.

She ran a finger up and down the shaft a few times, a feather-light touch that made me shudder in anticipation. 

"Don't quit your day job," she gently chided, referring to my dance. I was just glad to be done with it and was hoping her next task had something to do with me fucking the hell out of her. Of course she made me wait for that, but not before getting my hopes up by yanking my underwear down and setting my master monster free. I stepped back and kicked them all the way off and stood before her completely naked. I did enjoy the look in her eyes as she ogled me. 

"What's next?" I asked. She picked up her cards and sorted through them, raising an eyebrow theatrically.

"I think you'll like this one." I took the card.

Come in my mouth

"Seriously? You want me to stand here," I picked up my cock and moved in close to her, invading her personal space and giving her a very intimate view, "and put my cock in your mouth?"

"That's not what it says. You are on your own, stud. I won't help you get there. I'll just take care of the end result."

"Right. So, you just want to watch me jerk off?" I wrapped my slowly thickening rod in my fist and began tugging gently, trying to make it a good show for her.

"Exactly," she said sweetly, her lovely eyes beaming up at me. "Now get to it. I want a snack."

"The least you can do is take your tits out so I've got some encouragement." She considered that for a moment.

"I don't know. That's not on the card. Besides, don't I get you horny enough just sitting here?" She leaned back in the chair and struck a pose of her own, legs crossed and showing a fair amount of thigh in her medium-short skirt, blouse open enough to allow easy view of her ample cleavage, and of course her amazing high-beam smile that could just about make me hard all by itself.

"Baby you know you are hot as Hell, but just sitting there like that you could be at your parent's dinner table. You have to give me something. Something sexy. Either set them free or talk dirty to me."

"Ooh, I like that!" She leaned forward and put her face near my slowly moving hand, almost using my prick as a microphone while I jerked off.

"I love the taste of your cum. Did you know that? And did you know I've never tasted another man's cum?" I instantly forgave her the mention of 'other men' due to context. "In fact this big, hot cock is the only one to ever pass my lips." She opened wide and almost let me in, licking her lips with a slow, lurid tongue. If I had lunged I could have easily smeared her lipstick a bit, but I was patient. 

"I gave plenty of hand jobs before you, and every guy's little prick would spit up this nasty, slippery goo and I couldn't wait to wipe it off my hands. But then I met you. Mmmm, baby you have no idea how bad I wanted your cock in my mouth from the moment I met you. One look at you and I knew I was through with all those little boys. The first night we made out and you took your shirt off I could smell you." She took a long, slow whiff of me and smiled. "Mmmmm...you smell like sex. And I just wanted my tongue all over you." Again her tongue slipped out and flirted with the end of my rigid cock. I was good and stiff at that point and I was slowly increasing my pace, caught between racing for the orgasm and wanting to keep it slow to hear what she had to say.

"And when I saw your dick for the first time...oh, you just don't know how hot that was. That long, thick, meaty cock was all for me, and I wanted it. Bad. Remember how I used to say I thought it would be gross? How I would never, ever in a million years let a penis in my mouth? I was lying. I knew it would be amazing, but I was afraid I'd like it too much. I wanted it so bad it scared me. I wanted to feel it, to smell it, to lick it, to take it in my mouth and suck on it, and most of all I wanted it to come on me, in me, all over my mouth and tits and everywhere. I wanted to be covered in it, drenched and dripping on my knees in front of you."

Her delivery was flawless, slow and dusky. Her large, dark eyes moving from my cock to my face and back again, her suggestive mouth so close but not touching, her warm moist breath on my skin, and the husky, sexy tone of her voice all conspired to make it a hell of a time. 

"Remember the first time I took you in my mouth?" I'd surely never forget it. "The night before I had a dream about it. I dreamed I was on my knees and you stood above me. You were all in shadow, except for your cock. It was bright and beautiful and terrible and sexy and scary all at once. You took my head in your hands and pushed it down my throat and I was helpless. You just flowed into me and filled me up. When I woke up I had to masturbate immediately I was so horny. But I knew I had to suck your cock that day."

She turned her face and gently brushed her cheek against the head of my cock. I left a little trail of wetness on her flesh. She wiped it off with a finger and considered the little smear of pre-cum.

"But when you came in my mouth the first time and I tasted you...mmmmmm." She licked her finger lewdly. "Did you know I came at the same time? No? Well, you were a little preoccupied at the time. But I did. When that fat cock erupted and filled my mouth with its hot, sticky cream I lost it. I wasn't even trying to come but I did. That's how much I love your cock, baby."

Jesus Christ what an actress! I was jacking off quickly and I could feel that I was getting close. I grabbed a post of my loft to steady myself and I raced for the finish line.

"Cum for me, baby. Fill me up. Fill my mouth with that hot, nasty cum." She turned up the heat and her tone became needy as she begged and pleaded for my orgasm like she was in a porno. I couldn't wait to oblige. "Come on, baby! I want to taste it, I want it all over my tongue and on my lips, I want it all baby! Come on, give it to me baby, cum in my mouth, cum for me! Cum in my mouth! Fill me up baby, I need it sooooo bad!"

The moment finally arrived and I leaned in close, aiming my cock at her wide open mouth. I put the end of my dick on her tongue and barely managed to keep myself steady as the first contraction launched a shot of semen into her face. I wanted so badly to drive down her throat and come properly but I had to follow her rules, damn it! A second spasm sent more cum into her mouth, and a third and fourth added to the growing slurry of spit and sperm. The gouts turned to spurts, and the spurts to dribbles, and as I squeezed out the last few drops she closed her lips around the head, quickly whisking them away.

I took a half step back and watched as she gave me a show, opening her mouth again and showing me the pool of milky fluid coating her tongue. She closed her mouth and swallowed with a serene, sexy look on her face as she did so.

"Mmmm...that was nice," she said, licking her lips dramatically. 

"I love the way you talk, girl. Hell, I love the way you do everything. I can't wait for my next instructions."

"Good." She pulled out another card.

Undress me

"Easy enough." I held out my hand and she stood gracefully, her perfect smile beaming at me. I unbuttoned her blouse, nearly desperate to see her heavy breasts. I hadn't really been a tit man before Gina, but her perfectly plump breasts were pure heaven. They were just heavy enough to be 'big' without going too far, and at the age of 19 they were young enough that gravity hadn't done its damage yet. The blouse dropped to the floor and the front clasping bra followed it quickly. Her lovely ladies were pale and smooth, full and round, perfumed and perfect, and as I went after one with my tongue she pushed me away.

"Follow our instructions, please." She was deliriously pleased to put me in my place. She was enjoying obviously enjoying power of being in charge.

"Yes, my love," I whispered, dropping to my knees to help her out of her skirt. I pulled down the zipper and peeled it down off her hips, revealing only lacy back panties. Those soon joined the rest of her clothes in a pile and she stood there above me, gloriously nude. I stayed on my knees because I figured she would like it. I think I was right.

Hands on hips, legs akimbo, she looked down at me and smiled.

"Oh, I like you this way. I might have to rearrange my cards now." She leaned over to the cards on the desk and picked them up, then rifled through them. I could see the gears turning behind her deep brown eyes but she decided to keep her original schedule. She handed me another card.

Kindle my flames

Ah, the meat and potatoes. Let me tell you about Gina; she loves foreplay. LOVES it. I tell the hot stories of our latter period but for the first six months or so I got no more than a hand job from this girl while putting in marathon sessions of heavy petting, kissing, licking, nibbling and manual stimulation. I got to third base on the first date and stayed there for half a year.

Now I didn't mind the slow approach on Gina. I enjoyed playing her skin like a piano and she was incredibly responsive to my touch. You always knew where you stood with Gina, and if you had one of her many erogenous zones under our finger or tongue she'd let you hear about it. While she encouraged me, I just plain enjoyed touching the girl. Her skin was smooth and pale, her breasts heavy and round, her waist narrow and high, and her ass was full and curvy. A slow tour around Gina was a nice time indeed.

As we progressed in our sex life the foreplay receded a bit. Gina was always so eager to race up to her limit, and once her limit was a bit higher we had plenty of options. But that evening was all about her whims and it looked like she wanted a slow burn. No problem. That would give me time to recuperate. 

It started with a backrub. She went face down on the giant pillow I used as a lounge chair and I straddled her butt. Good thing I had just cum, otherwise I would have wanted to plunder that ass immediately. But my lust had been sated for the moment so I took it slow and gentle, running my hands over her back, sides, shoulders, neck and arms, running my fingers through her hair, and generally making nice to her with my hands.

Then I got off her butt and gave a similar treatment to her legs, rubbing her ass, thighs and calves, massaging her feet, and finally dealing with her toes. I slithered my tongue between her toes, gently suckling on the pink painted piggies one by one. She cooed softly while I worked. Neither of us had any particular foot fetish but she enjoyed attention to just about every square inch of her body so I figured I might as well be comprehensive.

I moved the tongue bath steadily northward, licking and nipping at her ankles, calves, and thighs. I skirted her nethers because I knew it was too soon to let my tongue loose down there. Up her back, her sides, and up to her neck I nibbled and nipped while she purred her happiness. Once I got up to her ear lobe she spoke.

"Now the other side." I got up and let her roll over, and she raised her foot into the air with a giant grin on her face.

I started back at the toes, again licking, nibbling, suckling and nipping at her. Calves, thighs, a quick trip past her wispy brown bush, and on to the navel I went. Naturally I spent a great deal of time on her luscious breasts.

Gina's breasts were easily the best I had ever had the pleasure to handle. They were full and heavy but she was young enough that time and gravity hadn't done her any damage. They weren't so big as to be floppy and cumbersome but they were the perfect compliment to her womanly hips. Her nipples were dark and medium sized and they stiffened up at the drop of a hat. Her areolas were smallish and sensitive, and like most areas on Gina they reacted very well to gentle stimulation, and even better when things got more energetic.

I ran my tongue underneath their bulk, around their circumference, in between them up and down her cleavage, and then spiraled in to her nipple. I flirted with the edges of the areola first, not touching the nipple at all. My hot breath flowed over her buds and she started to squirm. I continued my teasing and she squirmed more, soon trying to force her tit into my tongue. Still I teased her, putting my hands on her shoulders and pinning her down while I changed my tactics. 

I started drawing lines on her tit with my tongue, starting far away from the nipple and moving in, always stopping just short of her needy hot button. If my tongue had been a paint brush her breast would have looked like a sunburst.
