 I recently went to a large outdoor concert with my boyfriend, Mitch. There were supposed to be about fifty thousand people there, but judging by the way we were crunched together I'm sure there were a lot more. It was a hot summer night, so I wore a miniskirt with no underwear and a loose fitting T-shirt that did its best to hide my braless. 36C breasts. We were standing about a hundred feet from the stage, packed like sardines.

Once the music started, we all began swaying to the beat and singing along. Suddenly I felt something in my hair, and I quickly turned around to see what it was. When I did, I was startled to meet the most stunning green eyes I've ever seen in my life. They belonged to an absolute hunk. I froze for a moment, overtaken by his looks. He was wearing no shirt and only a tight pair of jeans. His short dark hair, combined with his tan, muscular body, sent a chill all the way down to my cunt. The unmistakable bulge in his jeans didn't help matters. I quickly turned around because I was beginning to blush and didn't want him to see.

I kept taking short glances behind me, and soon realized those incredible eyes were constantly on me instead of the stage. The crowd had started to shift, and my boyfriend was in front of me and to the side, with people standing between us. The sun slipped down soon after and left a giant full moon hanging above the large stage. My mystery man got more courageous as night fell.

While dancing to the music, I felt him moving against me in unison to the beat. Since I didn't move away, he must have thought I approved. Not that there was much room to move in anyway. I could feel his bulge grinding against my ass-cheeks as we rocked back and forth. I was a bit nervous with my boyfriend only four feet away. But whenever Mitch turned around he could only see my head, so I really didn't have to worry. Believe me, it's not like me to do something like that, but the wetness between my legs was driving me crazy. If only the guy had not been so hot, I would have been able to control myself.

When I peeked around again, I saw my mystery man mouth the words, "You're beautiful." Again, I turned away, blushing. He never stopped his grinding. Then he reached under my T-shirt from behind and played with my back and sides. I was so into it at that point, I began pushing my ass back against his cock. As he felt my approval, his hands started tickling my stomach, just below my tits.

I was too shy to touch him, but I knew he needed no encouragement. He removed his hands from my stomach for a few seconds, then I felt his bare cock rubbing against me. He took my hand and placed it under the front of my miniskirt. I felt his cock poking through my legs from behind. I separated my thighs a bit so he could rub his long shaft against my soaked cunt. During all this, my boyfriend kept looking over at me. I'd smile and he'd go right back to watching the concert. Little did he know...

My secret stud had put his hands back inside my shirt and was lightly rubbing the tender underside of my tits. I was holding his cock, rubbing the shaft against my pussy lips. Soon I could feel my first orgasm arriving as his large head slid over my fiery clit. My body shook as he lightly held my breasts and, with his thumb and index finger, rolled my fully erect nipples like a radio dial. I did my best to control my gripping orgasm. As it subsided, Mitch looked over at me. He must have thought something was wrong, because he made his way through the crowd and over to me.

I panicked for a second, throwing the stranger's hands off my body. His cock was still hard and touching my cunt. I tried to move forward but he grabbed my hips and held me there. Mitch stood right in front of me and asked if everything was all right. I quickly said, "Yes. Why?" He said I looked like I was in pain or something. I told him not to worry and enjoy the show like I was.

While I was talking to my boyfriend, the hunk behind me had grabbed the swollen base of his cock and was searching for the opening to my pussy. I closed my legs, knowing if he found it I would be powerless to conceal my pleasure, and my boyfriend would discover us. I had to ask Mitch to turn around so I could rest my hands on him. He turned around and I grabbed his hips. At the same time, I moved my ass farther back to accommodate the stranger's cock. Everyone was so close, there was no way anyone could have seen us. I felt him lift the back of my skirt up over my ass. He then took some time to massage me.

I was so wet I had no trouble accepting his large tool when he finally penetrated me from behind. I pushed back until he was all the way inside me. His cock was much bigger than my boyfriend's. It brought me pleasures I'd never known before. The group started playing their most popular song and everyone went wild. Mitch thought my screams were from the band. He turned around to tell me what a great show it was. All I could reply was that it was the best. What I really meant was the giant cock pounding me from behind!

My stranger had a tight hold on my hips and was working his cock in and out of me with absolute expertise. I could do nothing to hide my screams as orgasm after orgasm coursed though me. Mitch turned around in the middle of one of them and began kissing me, still not suspecting a thing. I stuck my tongue into his mouth. The sensation of having a complete stranger's dick inside my cunt while French-kissing my boyfriend, who had no way of knowing what was going on, was one that I'm sure I will never forget. Mitch broke our kiss and said I was making him horny, and that he was going to give me the fucking of my life when we got home after the show. I said I had everything I needed right there with me, referring, of course to the fuck-machine behind me, who hadn't let up during our entire conversation. 

Mitch smiled and said, "You naughty girl, we cant do that here." That was enough. I turned him around and told him to enjoy the last part of the show. It took all I had to keep my cool.

My stud had incredible stamina. We must have been going at it for about thirty minutes. I desperately wanted him to have an incredible orgasm, so I stuck my hand through my legs, past his thrusting cock and down to his large sac. With every stroke, I would lightly squeeze his sensitive balls. That seemed to do it. I glanced back and saw the extreme pleasure in his face. He dug his cock as far as it would go, let out an animal moan and then I felt his hot cum shooting deep inside me. We didn't move until his cock shriveled up and popped out. I could feel his warm cum inside my pussy. He pulled my skirt back down over my ass and gave me a tap. I reached back and gave his bulge an approving squeeze. We still hadn't said a word to each other, but then he leaned toward my ear and said I had the best pussy he'd ever fucked. Then he licked my neck.

The concert ended soon after, and everyone slowly went their own way. Mitch grabbed my hand and began pulling me through the crowd. A second before I was whisked away, I turned to my stranger and told him he had the best cock I had ever had the pleasure of fucking. And with a quick smile, we parted company. I have never again seen my mystery lover, but you can be sure when I do, there will most certainly be a repeat performance in more intimate surroundings.