 Note: This story is entirely fictitious. These are characters I created and take the role of in this story. Similarities to any persons, living or deceased, are completely unintentional. Thank you. 

*****

I'd not seen Amy for a while, aside from pictures on Facebook, and she still looked as gorgeous as I remembered her to be. The shoulder length black hair, those beautiful brown eyes, and her magnificently perfect breasts. I never missed an opportunity to glance at them when she was occupied with something else, and I craved them.

However, we'd remained friends, and she didn't seem to be too interested in me, so we eventually drifted apart for our last year in high school until she moved onto college, and I stayed on at the sixth form at the high school.

I'd not really maintained much contact with her, I must admit, but I did sometimes find her on Facebook, and click through some of her pictures. My god, she was still as hot as she was back in high school! The hair, the eyes, everything that was so sexy about her. What I kept feeling disappointed about was the lack of cleavage in her shots, and when it was clearly visible, it was hypnotic!

I kept on fantasizing about what would happen if our paths crossed again and we got talking. I kept imagining her caressing my leg, my cock, and I stroking her hair, her pussy, her ravishing tits. God, how I wanted to suck on her beautiful breasts and slide my cock between them!

But I rationalized in my head that it was very unlikely to happen, and anyway, what about Katie from work? I know her better, and she's almost as hot as Amy.

Still, I was 23, the world was my oyster.

Then, a few weeks later, I was on a half-day at work, I headed into McDonalds and ordered myself a chicken and bacon wrap. I suppose you could say I was more than a bit miffed when I opened my bag when I got home to find a chicken and bacon sandwich for lunch...

The guy serving me must have thought I'd said "chicken and bacon BAP" instead of "wrap" so, I decided to head back and try to get a refund or at least the correct order. I managed to persuade the person behind the counter to swap my bap for a wrap, but I couldn't wangle a refund out of them.

I left McDonalds, turned right to head home, and knocked into someone. I looked up to apologise, and who was it I'd hit?

Amy.

She was still as beautiful as I remembered her to be. Her hair swung around so it all hung over her left shoulder, her eyes outlines gently in mascara, making them stand out even more from her face!

"Amy? Wow, hey how are you?" I said, trying not to slur my words or stutter or sound too cheesy.

"Sorry, who are you?" she replied quizzically, frowning slightly as if trying to work it out for herself.

"It's me, Jon! Remember? From high school?"

She screwed her face up a bit more, but then her eyes widened as the cogs started to slot together. 

"Oooooooh! Hey, sorry, Jon! Didn't recognise you there!"

I laughed. "Well, I suppose I have changed a lot in the last couple of years. Think it's the beard mainly."

"Haha, yeah!" her eyes flicked around, mentally undressing my jawline to see if she could make me out a bit better. If I'm honest - not much work. It's not a full on beard, it's a sort of thin beard that all runs together, but isn't so think you'd lose pieces of food in there. Skin still visible through the gaps in the hairs. Nothing too fancy. "Suits you though!" she nods, smiling.

Shit...I'd forgotten how sexy she looked when she grinned like that...hope she didn't notice my cock stiffen...

"Heh, thanks..." I smile back, a bit cheesier than I perhaps ought to.

We chatted a few more minutes about what we'd been up to, what line of work we were in and what have you.

The conversation was cut short when her pager bleeped, and she said she had to run off.

I managed to ask her over tonight for a cup of tea and a catchup chat. We agreed on 8 o' clock, and we went our separate ways.

*****

The doorbell rang, and I answered it to find Amy on the doorstep. I almost fainted when I saw that she was wearing skinny jeans and a tight black tank top! Her tits looked even larger than I remembered them! She looked stunning!

I invited her in, trying to control the raging hard on in my trouser, and guided her into the living room, and asked if she'd like a drink of anything.

She requested a milky coffee, and I made myself a cup of tea as well.

We sat and talked a while, and eventually the conversation veered towards relationships. Personally, I've not been in a relationship for a good while, since I hadn't really found anyone I'd properly connected with. Turns out she'd just left her boyfriend the other week for cheating on her!

I sympathised, hoping to cheer her up a bit, with an "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." She smiled and thanked me, and we decided to see if there was anything decent on TV.

After a quick check of the TV guide, we switched on ITV2 and watched the Bourne Identity.

Aout halfway through, Amy shifted positon on the sofa to lean against me, laying her head on my chest. In response, I put my arm around her, my hand resting on her shoulder, hers resting near my knee. I thought nothing of it. If it made her more comfortable, what the hell?

Then her head shifted slightly. I looked down to see what the problem was. She wasn't watching the film any more. She was staring at the bulge in my pants!

I leant over to the table beside me, and turned the TV off with the remote. She looked up at me.

"What's the matter? I thought you were watching that."

"Well, I thought you were watching it!" I replied.

She looked taken aback by that, then her expression changed to that of a child who's being told off by their parents. Caught her!

"I'm sorry," she said, trying to be polite.

"Nah, don't be. It's not like men don't look at women's boobs when they get the chance," I chuckled.

"I suppose," she seemed to calm down a bit. She hesitated a moment, catching a brief thought. then she said something that I wasn't at all prepared for.

"Can I see it?"

I recoiled slightly in surprise at what she had just asked.

I was too shocked by it to say anything, so I just nodded.

Her eyes lit up, and the hand she had on my knee, she slowly crept it up my thigh, and up to undo the button on my jeans. She pulled the zipper down, shuffled my pants down my legs to about my knees, then did the same with my boxers.

She took my rapidly hardening cock in her hand, and held it so it pointed up towards the ceiling. She examined it from all angles, gently stroking the shaft all the while.

"Wow, I'm loving your cock!" she exclaimed, her eyes glimmering as they rolled over it.

She shifted her position so that she could pull my jeans all the way down and off. She pushed my legs apart, and got between my legs, still stroking my pulsing cock as I took my t-shirt off.

She started to stroke a little faster, and I let out a long sigh of pleasure. She started to slow down, and I was going to tell her to keep going, but before I had the chance, she'd moved her head towards my cock, and taken the head into her mouth!

Holy shit! The feeling was incredible! She was sucking on my throbbing cockhead, and swirling her tongue around it at the same time to create intense waves of pleasure to course through my cock!

She started to bob her head up and down on my cock, taking half of it in her mouth to start with, then gradually working down the shaft until she nearly had the full 8 inches in her mouth, her tongue active the whole time, sending shivers through my body. 

I threw my head back, moaned loudly and shuddered at the sensation. 

She sped up, still deepthroating me, keeping one hand on my cock and working the shaft with it, moving it in time with her head.

I felt myself on the brink of cumming when she released my penis from her mouth. I was still freaking out over the fact that she'd sucked me off in the first place, let alone denying me the chance to cum in her mouth!

"So," she kept her face pointing down slightly, her eyes looking up at me seductively through her eyelashes, "you say men like looking at tits as much as girls enjoy looking at cocks? Well then, let's see how mine live up to your expectations!"

She grabbed the bottom hem of her tank top and pulled it up over her head, and tossed it aside, leaving her breasts covered by nothing but her black lace bra. Shit she still looked sexy as hell...

Her hands reached behind her and undid the clasp on her bra, and she took it off and tossed it to me, landing on my face.

As I reached up and took it off, I glanced the 34DD label on it, and smiled as I threw it aside. She then proceeded to remove her jeans and her panties, throwing them to one side as well.

She leant towards me, and kissed me passionately. Our lips interlocked and our tongues danced with each other, as she thrust her tongue in and out of my lips like it was a cock fucking someone's pussy.

She withdrew slowly, and I managed to glimpse her breasts for the first time! They were amazing! They were perfect size, looked heavy and soft and firm, and had pink thumbprint-sized nipples crowning them in all their glory.

Unable to resist, I brought a hand up and grabbed her right tit, and took the luscious nipple into my mouth and began to suck on it like a baby.

First I just wrapped my lips around it and traced the outline of the areola with my tongue. She started to moan as I did so, and after a few moments of teasing, I stopped licking, and took a bit more tit in my mouth, exhaled through my nose, and sucked as hard as I could, and pulled back, keeping the nipple in my mouth as much as possible!

She moaned as the nipple broke free of my mouth and snapped back into place, the cold air hitting it and making it even more pleasureable for her.

I then took the other nipple in my mouth and repeated, licking the nipple gently to start, then taking as much tit in my mouth as possible before pulling back, sucking as hard as I could.

I then took both her breasts and started to massage them, then slowly worked them closer together, pushing them so the nipples were right next to each other, and I took them both in my mouth and started ravenously suckling on them.

She gasped as I took them both into my mouth, and started to pant as it became more pleasureable for her. I kept sucking on her tits like I'd fantasized about doing for years, and relished hearing her moaning as I ravaged those perfect tits.

Her breaths grew faster and louder and deeper as she approached an impending orgasm. I took the hint and hastened my sucking and tried to suck harder on her tits. 

She arched her back and pushed her crotch into my hip as she exploded in orgasm, screaming as I kept sucking, trying to push her into another one if I could.

Then she pulled them away from me, panting and breathing heavily as her orgasm subsided.

When she caught her breath, she managed to say something in between pants and moans, "That was fucking...my god...I've never cum like that before in my life!"

She sat there a moment more, waiting until she was fully recovered, before looking at me and saying, "You made me cum; I make you cum!"

I began to wonder what she had in mind, but it wasn't long til I found out! She reached forward, and grsbbed my cock again, and took it in her mouth.

She didn't seem interested in sucking me off at all, but drooled over my cock, and used her hand to rub it over, lubricating it as much as possible.

She took my cock out of her mouth, and scooped up her breasts in her hands and wrapped them around my cock!

She started to move her body up and down, stroking my cock with her magnificent breasts, making the head disappear between them when she brought her body up, and then slam her breasts back down so my cock hit her chin.

After a minute or two, she tilted her head down so that every time my cock poked out of her cleavage, it went straight into her waiting mouth, her tongue licking it every time it popped into range.

She increased the intensity of her boob grip on my cock and I started to thrust with her slightly. As soon as I did this, she stopped moving and released my cock, before taking it in her mouth and starting to lube it up again.

She then told me to get up, and she swung round so she was leaning against the sofa, her breasts back in her hands, holding them together, ready for my cock to be back in there.

I was more than happy to oblige, and I slid my cock into her creamy valley, and she pushed her tits around my cock again as I began to thrust between them, every thrust eliciting a slight moan from Amy, her head tilted forward again, licking my cock with every stroke, lapping up the precum that was oozing from its tip.

She tightened her grip on my cock even more, and I started to thrust harder in response, my balls slapping the underside of her breasts, her tongue flicking my cock. I felt the pressure start to build up as my orgasm approached.

I thrusted harder and faster as I came closer to blasting my cum everywhere. Amy must have sensed this, as she tightened her tit fuck once again, creating more friction on my dick.

I tensed my body, holding it off just a bit longer, my face screwing up, trying not to cum just yet!

Then I heard Amy's voice, "Cum for me, babe!"

That pushed me over the edge. I let loose a loud grunt, and began to ejaculate on her face!

The first huge spurt lashed out and landed on her forehead, just above her right eye, leaving a trail of jizz across her mouth, nose and cheek. Another lot of cum left my dick and hit her between her left eye and her nose, dribbling down towards her mouth. The last spurt only reached her upper lip, but it dribbled into her mouth and caused her to take a lick.

As the last bit of cum oozed out of my cock, Amy leant forward and wrapped her lips around my cock and sucked the last little bits out before scooping the rest into her mouth with her finger.

I was exhausted, and I slumped back down on the couch. Amy joined me, and kissed me.

"So," she said, breaking the kiss, "the night is still young," she stroked my chest lightly with one hand, "There's more fun to be had!"