 Mel looked into Mike's baleful eyes and forced her heart to stop thundering in her chest. Her job was simple - detain the man for violating his parole. It didn't matter that he was the sexiest man in all of New Orleans, with his lean muscles, his slow crooked grin that put the slightest dimple in his left cheek, or his dark waves slipping over his brow and curling around the nape of his neck. And it certainly didn't matter that his bright blue eyes begged her to understand.

She was a professional, and her empty sex life and feral attraction to him wouldn't control her or her impulses.

"My mother's sick, Officer Tomes. I thought she was going to die. I didn't have time for procedure," he stated in his smooth, deep voice, made raspy by the same exhaustion that had his angled cheekbones covered in a day's growth of stubble. It only made the shadows deeper and the lines harsher, adding to his appeal.

Mel shook her head stepping around the desk. She came around and stood directly in front of him, leaning back against the hard surface and crossing her arms. "All you had to do was call me. I would have done the paperwork. I can't overlook this, Mike." The truth was, she didn't want to haul him into a jail cell. She wanted to haul him home, where she could take him to bed and let him ravage her.

But that wasn't the point.

He sighed and threw up his hands. "Isn't there anything I can do to make this go away? Look, nothing happened. I didn't fly, I didn't rent a car. There's no record of it anywhere."

He was right, but that didn't matter. The hard, cold fact was that he'd crossed not just county but state lines without proper notification, and if anyone found out that she's allowed it without turning him in, it was Mel who would suffer most. She liked her job, and she didn't want to lose it. "I'm sorry." She swallowed hard, trying not to stare at the way the sleeves of his T-shirt stretched almost to the point of tearing around his tatted biceps.

From the way the corner of his mouth tilted upward and his eyes twinkled, she failed miserably. He sat forward in his chair, resting his elbows on his knees so his face was inches from hers. "Come on, Officer Tomes, I know there's something I can do for you, get for you, that would make you supremely happy." His gaze dropped to her chest, and she tried not to notice the way her skin tingled at the meaningful look he gave her. "Maybe a necklace, with a tear drop diamond." He licked his lips, and Mel held back a groan. Those lips!

Focusing, she raised an eyebrow in question. "Are you offering me stolen merchandise?"

"Would I be that forward?" He stood, towering over her with his delicious height, and she could feel the heat coming off his body, they were so close. Her breath came fast and sharp, and she tried to concentrate on his patronizing tone. "Come on, Tomes. You know I maintain my innocence in all this. But I do have access to some very beautiful, very expensive jewelry." He inhaled deeply, as if smelling her, and met her gaze with a cocky one of his own. "Or maybe you have something a little more personal in mind."

Mel's breath caught in her throat. She couldn't be that transparent, could she? And she certainly wasn't going to accept any favors in exchange for ignoring the law. "Mike, I..." Her words faltered as his hand grabbed her waist and hauled her away from the desk, pulling her body against his. She felt that aching twinge between her thighs at the sensation of his hard body pressed against hers from knee to chest, her eyes barely at shoulder level. She could feel every plane and angle, and it sent her senses into overdrive. "Admit it. You've wanted to handcuff me and take advantage of me since the first time I walked into your office. And I won't lie, I've thought about stripping you down and running my tongue over every inch of your body for just as long."

"This is extremely inappropriate," Mel said, intending to sound chiding and authoritative. But her voice came out raspy, almost sultry. She winced at her own weakness. "I'm your parole officer."

He lowered his head so his mouth touched her ear, and his breath hissed along her neck, beneath the ponytail at the nape of her neck. She shivered involuntarily at the way it brushed over her skin and raised goosebumps on her flesh. She fisted her hands against the urge to touch him as he whispered, "That doesn't change your attraction to me, and it only makes you hotter. The forbidden fruit."

Who was this guy? A criminal poet? Her resolve was crumbling, and Mel had to do something to stop this madness. Lifting her hands, she pressed them against his chest to push him away, but as her fingertips fell on the solid planes of his chest, she halted, wanting to dig her nails in, grab onto his shirt, and pull him tighter to her. He smelled like coconut and sunshine, and that didn't ease her need to touch him.

As if taking her touch as an invitation, his other arm curled around her, his hand dropping to her ass and pressing her hips closer so she could feel his arousal. His cock was hard as stone and stood tall and thick inside those jeans that hugged his thighs and the swell of his ass. "Just give in. Everything will work out in the end."

Mel opened her mouth to protest, but he silenced her with his lips, those delectable lips, his tongue sweeping between and flicking against her teeth. She moaned at the taste of him, coffee and cinnamon and testosterone. Her body tensed, and moisture poured from her core. She didn't think she'd ever wanted anyone this badly before, and she was losing her internal battle quickly.

He moved her back a step so she leaned against the desk, her back bowed slightly and her neck stretched as he deepened the kiss. She opened to him, god help her, and like a woman in heat, she met his fervor with her own. Their tongues collided, and she sighed into his mouth as her conscience gave up the fight.

Her hands slid up, over his shoulders, into his hair, and she fisted them in the silky waves, delighting in the way the locks curled around her fingers. He grunted and thrust his hips forward, grinding into her so the edge of her desk cut into her thighs, and it only served to arouse her more. Jerking away from the kiss and gasping for air, she stared into his eyes, his pupils dilated so only the thinnest line of blue ringed them. "Lock the door." She didn't even recognize her own voice, the timbre low and the growl seductive.

Mike reacted instantly, across the room and locking the door in two strides. He was back in seconds, his fingers going immediately to her waist and finding their way beneath her blouse. They seared the skin on her stomach, and when he shoved them under her bra to pinch her nipples, she bit her lip and threw her head back to keep from crying out in satisfaction.

As if that spurred him on, he shoved at her shirt and bra until she had to raise her arms, and they both tore over her head. He tossed the material to the floor carelessly, bending his head and taking one taut nipple in his mouth as he molded the other breast in his hand. Mel gasped and arched her back, silently begging for more as he licked and nipped at her before switching sides and repeating the gestures.

"Oh, god," she whispered, heat seeping into every limb and scorching her center. Like a moth drawn to a flame, Mike's free hand caressed her thigh and then slid over the soft material of her pants, cupping her sex and making her insides clench.

"How wet are you?" he laughed salaciously against her breast, the vibrations doing tingling through her like an electric spark.

"What do you think?" she groaned. She reached out and grabbed the hem of his T-shirt, tugging at it until he stood and helped her remove it. The smooth surface of his skin enticed her, and she traced the lines and contours of his chest and abs as his lips toyed with her ear and her neck. She tilted her head, giving him full access. He bit her shoulder, and she gasped at the pain, which quickly transformed into an abundance of pleasure as he licked over the spot.

Wrapping her arms around his back, she scored the skin with her nails, and his whole body shook beneath her touch. It felt powerful, enthralling, and she found her way around to his erection, rubbing the heel of her hand hard against it through the thick denim. But that wasn't enough, and she shoved into the material, wrapping her hand around his length and stroking.

With frustrated motions, he worked his zipper and pushed the waist down past his hips, backing away to take them over his knees and step out of them, leaving his shoes in a pile with them. Mel panted, gazing in awe at his build and the throbbing cock he'd just released. Mike stood before her, completely devoid of clothes and waiting for her to make the next move. Trying to control her palpitating heart, she took hold of her own pants and drew them down her legs, slowly, her eyes never leaving his face as he watched her reveal each inch of bare skin. His pupils had all but swallowed the blue of his eyes, and she had a brief moment of panic, thinking he looked like a ravenous wolf who wanted to devour her.

But then, that sent a wave of heat washing over her, and it intensified her desire. She hoisted herself up on the desk, her knees open to give him a full view of what lay at the juncture between them. She saw his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed and stepped forward, and then he was on her, his cock hot against her lower lips as his mouth covered the ones on her face. She cupped his ass, dug her nails in and pulled him forward so he slid along her wet folds.

"Christ!" he muttered, his tongue lacing with hers. She cried out into him as his hands covered her breasts and squeezed, and she was grateful when he swallowed the sound. He rocked his hips, sliding along her wet folds and pressing against her core as he coated himself with the evidence of her arousal. Every motion set a new nerve on fire until her entire body was alive and consumed with a voracious heat. Mel thought she might explode, the pressure building to a boiling point, but she clung to her control, wanting the eruption to shatter her completely when it happened.

With fingers digging into her hips, Mike yanked her forward so she perched just on the edge of the desk, and he circled his fist around the base of his cock, guiding it toward her until his tip teased at her core. The sensation made her buck, and it had the right effect, forcing him to dip inside an inch. Mike pressed his lips into a thin, tight line to muffle his cry, and Mel shook with the need for more.

She lifted her legs, curving them around his waist, and she dug her heels into the small of his back, urging him to go deeper. He didn't disappoint, one long thrust burying him deep inside her. Total bliss had the room lighting up like a Christmas tree, stars in her eyes at the connection, and it only heightened the intoxicating sensation when he stilled, as if he couldn't move yet for fear of losing control.

As he stood there, not moving, he leaned in, letting his lips trace the line of her jaw, over her ear, and down her throat before coming back around to swirl his tongue in the hollow above her collar. Mel convulsed, her inner walls throbbing around him, and he jerked back, sliding out and back in again with determination. She buried her face in his shoulder to muffle her scream, and he continued to rock back and forth, rolling his hips so his large shaft rubbed every last bit of her and fueled her passion. She moved with him, finding his rhythm and matching him thrust for thrust, her body ready to fall apart as the muscles tightened and shuddered with the effort to hold back, just a little longer.

When one of Mike's hands crawled down the center of her chest, over her stomach, and found a perch on her thigh, she thought she would lose the ability to breathe. And then his thumb pushed against her clit, rolling and pressing, and she lost it. Her mouth opened with a primal scream that Mike covered with his lips and tongue as she shattered and flew, lightning striking over and over on the sensitive nub and sending a thousand volts through her core that buzzed within her. Mike felt it, too, as her pussy squeezed around him, and he increased the intensity of their rhythm, quickening the pace and growing more frantic and harsh in his movements.

He was relentless, filling her to the brim and stretching her almost beyond capacity. The friction kept her on the edge, even as the wave subsided, with his thumb and forefinger still toying with the sensitive mound that had sent her careening over the edge. She knew she was about to burst again, and this time, she saw stars and fireworks behind her eyelids, no longer able to hold them open. It clouded all thought, and only her body responded, quaking as she fought to pull him in deeper, using her legs for leverage.

Mike came in a fit of ecstasy, spasms running through him as Mel scraped her nails down his back and over his shoulder so hard she knew she almost drew blood. But as his cock twitched and spilled inside her, she could tell he liked it, that it enhanced the orgasm for him, and that made hers stronger. It seemed to last hours, the aftershocks keeping her unsteady and making her head spin. When Mike finally seemed to have drained himself, his head fell on her shoulder, his erratic breathing blowing down her back and raising more bumps on her flesh.

She had trouble regulating her heart and lungs, too, and she sat there for several moments with his cock still buried inside her as she let herself float back down to earth. It wasn't until Mike finally lifted his head that she let her eyelids flutter open, and she gazed up at him through slits, finding his baby blues just as hooded above a grin of complete satisfaction. "Was that what you wanted?"

Mel couldn't help but laugh, a low, throaty chuckle. "I'd say so." He bent to kiss her, and while there was still desire infused into the gesture, it was far tamer and more exploratory in nature. Still, it rekindled a fire, and she shifted uneasily as her core throbbed once more. Clearing her throat, she broke the kiss, and Mike reluctantly backed away, breaking the contact. It left her feeling instant regret, the chill in the air making her shiver in a much less pleasant way.

She hopped down, reaching for her clothes as he did the same, and now that she was back in the reality of her office, she worried about her actions. She really liked Mike, and he was gorgeous. The sex was hot, and she would definitely be thinking about it for a long time to come. But what did he expect now? Was she supposed to take this as payment for his release? Had she just let him use her to get around the law? Certainly she hadn't fallen prey to his manipulation.

"Just so you know," he said, his voice quiet and resigned as he faced away from her to grab his shirt from the floor and haul it over his head, "I don't expect you to let me go. It would be wrong of me to ask that, especially now."

Surprised and a little confused, Mel stared at his back, blinking for several seconds before getting her bra clasp hooked. "Wait, wasn't that the reason you started this in the first place?"

He shook his head and turned around, meeting her questioning gaze with another heated one of his own. "I should have followed the rules, and I know that. What happened here," he gestured to their state of dishevel, "had nothing to do with my behavior before. I just used that as an excuse." A sly grin spread over his face, lighting up his blue orbs. "I've wanted to get in your pants for a while, and I hoped I'd be good enough in the sack you might want to get a drink with me sometime."

Mel just stared in amazement. Had Mike just asked her out? She was about to put him in handcuffs and send him off for booking on a parole violation, and he wanted to have a drink with her? It was crazy and exciting, and her stomach fluttered with tiny little wings. "I tell you what," she said, trying to keep her cool. "I'm going to ask for leniency, under the circumstances. An illness in the family, especially when it's an emergency, can cloud judgment. And then, if they let you go, we can go celebrate with a drink." His smile widened, nearly splitting his face, and she eyed him up and down hungrily. "And if you're lucky, I'll let you do that to me again."

He nodded and bent to brush a quick kiss over her lips. "It's a date."