 "Make love to me." He's already looking at me. I can't tell what he's thinking. It took me a while to tell him what I wanted him to do.

He smiles, finally. He slowly unbuttons his shirt. I've seen him naked before. We are roommates. 

"How do you want me to make love to you? Be detailed."

"A kiss would be nice, to start. An exploratory kiss, just on the lips to begin. When you sense my interest, introduce your tongue. I may resist at first, try to surprise you with my response."

In moments, it is done. We stand together, his arms around me, his palms flat on my shoulders. My arms are trapped inside his so I place my hands on either side of his neck. His tongue wrestles with mine in my mouth. He wins or I let him win. I'm not sure which. The kiss ends and we look at one another.

"What's next?" he asks, but he still holds me. My arms separate us. 

"You pull me tight against you and kiss me again. This time there's no hesitation. You expect a French kiss. You slowly slide your hands down my back while kissing me. You rest them just below my waist, where it begins becoming my bottom. You make sure I can feel your erection on my belly."

He embraces me and I fold into him, wiggling just a bit that it seems I'm struggling but his hug makes me snuggle into his body. He feels warm and firm against my breasts and tummy. He is definitely erect and hard against me. My desire for him brings a quiver. My arms are around him, now and I move them from his waist to over his broad shoulders. I touch his head with one hand, feel the dark hair and I can't help but rub my fingers in it. 

His tongue is in my mouth and there's no wrestling now. It's more of a caress, another loving embrace. I sink into this new reality and wonder what he's thinking. We're joined, a communication in itself, but the implications and future are misty air and muddy water. Somehow that pleases me more than frightens me.

Before he speaks, I say, "I want to be naked against you." I do not explain. 

He gently releases me and we move apart slowly. He's being careful now, his movements controlled. This above anything else tells me he's done this before. That brings some small anger that I'm not his first, a curiosity about her, that one who taught him this, and a flare of jealousy. We haven't even made love and I'm pretending I'm owning him. Internally a silent laugh, a promise that we will, that we will soon, that we will right now. Then I'll let myself own him. As he will own me. Having had me, I mean, speaking only to myself.

He unbuckles the belt on his jeans, unfastens the button beneath it, unzips his pants. He slides jeans and underwear off together, his cock springing out, drawing my stare. I've seen one before but this one is his. It is not over-large, I know now, but it seems a nice size. It will stretch me.

I want it to stretch me. I want it to find a home in me. I want my body to be used by this man.

I do not move to undress myself. I wear only a summer top, a bra, some shorts and my panties. My feet are bare, my toes painted to match my fingers. A summer-y pastel green, it looks silly somehow. 

He seems to like it, though. He grasps one hand, brings it to his lips. He kisses each finger, puts my index finger in his mouth, suckles it gently as if to draw some essence into himself. He's delaying, wanting me to speak again as I gaze at his beautiful body. Well, not so beautiful. He's not muscular other than his overall size, his strength one of form rather than shape. He takes my finger out but keeps my hand in his. It feels nice. I like when he holds me.

"You have to decide. Remove my top first or my shorts? I do not offer a suggestion. Beneath the top is a pretty bra I bought just for today. It fits me perfectly and is very expensive. It is the most comfortable bra I've ever owned. I say all this to make you curious. Yet beneath my shorts are some matching panties. They fit adequately but not perfectly. I will enjoy when you remove them. Beneath that, well, you've seen a woman's genitals before. I've trimmed to match my bathing suit but not shaved completely. There's still a surprise there. But you decide. I do like my breasts kissed while still wearing a bra. That's a secret I offer for free."

"Perhaps I should ask you to remove your shorts and panties?"

"You may ask but my answer is no. This time, I want to be undressed by you. You may kiss me while you do so, though. Lots of kisses are nice."

Lots of kisses ensue. This time I let myself respond erotically to his touch. I respond enthusiastically, not considering what that might mean. His cock looks rock hard, steel hard. I do not know which is harder but that's what his cock is. It is dark red, the tip bulbous and glistening now. I can feel, no, I imagine I am ready for it. Many kisses before then, I hope.

He slips my shorts down. A pussy man, I think. You never know. Then he pulls my top off. He enjoys a long stare at my pretty lingerie. It is a pale green with lace details. The bra selected to have some breast bare above it. Kissable, I thought as I tried it on in the store. I had him in mind at the time.

The panties have the same lace in front, so pretty and feminine. They're not tiny, not like my thongs, but a sexy size on me. The back is sheer, the color contrasting against my white skin. The size is near my bathing suit so the soft tan line is covered. I imagine my skin is flush back there as I'm so aroused. I know my chest signals my readiness. I wonder if he's learned to look there. His eyes move slowly all over me. That feels sexy, being looked at my him.

"Hug me and kiss my neck while your fingers rub over my sex. That will feel nice even through my panties."

He complies. I'm going to have to break him of that. Maybe next time, though. This time it's nice to have him doing what I want. I so want his bare skin on mine but I can wait, draw this pleasure out over time. He would never be able to resist plunging into me now. I'm ready but want to explore the pleasure of anticipation. His fingers feel very, very good on my sex. He feels the structure beneath the panties and knows where to rub, not on my clitoris but beside it. Some woman has told him to stroke the lips as well. Thank you, you bitch. You darling, darling, lovely woman. Oh, my.

His index finger slips beside the fabric and finds the soaking hair beneath. Gently and firmly he enters me with just a fingertip. 'An advanced student', I think. He moved his fingertip softly up and down which of course feels exquisite. He alternates movements with firm pressure of his palm on my clit. Oh, and don't forget, he's nibbling my neck and suckling my earlobe, the earring totally in his mouth now.

"Do you want me to-" he begins to ask. 

I grab his cock and stroke it. "Push me down to give you my mouth. Make me."

He doesn't waste a moment. He pushes my shoulders down firmly and I watch his face as I kneel before him in my lingerie. I tried to check what my boobs look like from this angle but never thought I got it exactly right. He's looking at them anyway.

I don't mess around with little kisses or anything. In one movement I take him fully inside me. Gentle vacuum and I pull my lips over him. He moans uncontrollably, overcome with desire and sensation. His cock pulses between my lips and I swallow him this time, fully inside. I move furiously over him, in and out, my rhythm expert and practiced. I want him to come now. I desire his essence in my mouth and throat. 

He struggles, whimpers, cries out, acts like he's going to beg me to stop so he can...but he comes and fills my mouth full and he watches it slip between my lips, not all but some. I look at him in triumph and swallow while he watches. His poor cock begins to lose it's tension. He strokes it, hoping to save it but I know it'll return soon. He's young.

"Gotcha," I say, "You're mine now. Who's the bitch that taught you how to touch a woman?"

He has to tell the truth, that's what a blowjob does. He names a girl from his town, a college girl while he's still in high school. She taught him to fuck, he says. A fucking blonde.

"You know you don't know everything," I say.

He looks a little surprised, thank goodness.

"Did you ever fuck her in the ass?" I ask.

His cock twitches. 'Nope' I read. "Yes," he says.

But he's lying.