 Amy and I just lay there on the sofa in each other's arms for a while, our naked bodies pressed against each other, gently kissing occasionally, waiting for us to be ready again. I had one arm wrapped behind Amy's neck, reaching around and massaging her breast with my hand, while she gently squeezed my cock, tightening her grip ever so slightly, before relaxing and starting again.

I started stroking her breast a bit more, feeling her nipple flick between my fingers as they ran over it, causing her to shiver as it shook back and forth as it found the gap between my fingers, only to be pushed back down by the next one.

She started to stroke my cock gently, slowly jerking it with her hand, trying to coax it back into life. Amy moaned slightly, then spoke.

"Should we move somewhere a little more...comfortable?" She looked up at me through her eyelashes, and smiled seductively. I looked back down at her, and smiled back.

"Why not?" I replied, slowly standing up. Somehow, Amy managed to retain her grip on my now hardening cock as we stood up, and as we walked towards the bedroom down the hall, she kept stroking it gently, as if making a promise with it that it would enjoy what was to come.

I only live in a small flat, so there weren't any stairs to navigate, and we made it into the bedroom rather easily.

Amy pulled me towards the bed by my cock, and swung me down onto the bed. She followed me, and kissed me deeply, still keeping a hold of my cock.

She pulled back, and turned around, straddling me in a 69 position, pushing her crotch into my face, and almost immediately stuck my cock in her mouth and started to bob her head and suck on it like she had before, working the rest of the shaft with one of her hands.

I grabbed her legs, and pulled my head forward, trying not to concentrate on her ravaging my cock, pressed my lips against her pussy, and started to lick at her with the same vigor she was displaying on my cock.

I heard and felt her moan against my cock, and I started to lick in circles around the edge of her cunt, teasing her with it.

I then stopped, and changed the direction of my circling tongue. She stopped and moaned, my cock pressing against the inside of her cheek. After a short moment of her ecstasy, she started sucking me off again, a bit quicker and harder than before.

I responded by starting to spiral my tongue towards her opening, and thrust my tongue into her drenched cunt, lapping at her pussy walls, causing her to push her crotch further into my face and moan again, my cock stifling her cries.

I slowly crept a hand towards her pussy, and snuck two of my fingers in there as far as I could, and started circling them around. Amy must have been getting close to cumming again, as her moans turned into screams, as she deepthroated me, faster and sucking hungrily at my cock like a wild animal!

I felt myself start to build up my own orgasm, and tried to focus my attention on Amy's pussy so I wouldn't cum again just yet!

Just then, my fingers bumped against a small, hard lump inside her pussy, that made her legs twitch and spasm slightly.

I felt around, trying to find it again. As soon as I touched it, I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers, and she pulled at my cock a bit harder.

I then started rubbing my fingers against her G-Spot, desperate to make her cum before I could! I quickened my fingering of her, making short and fast movements with my hand. She dropped my cock out of her mouth, and let loose a strangulated scream, and a jet of warm fluid shot out of her pussy, and hit my chest and neck.

Another spurt leapt from her pussy and hit me in the cheek as I continued to rub against the small bump. A final shot dribbled out of her pussy, landed on my stomach, and her quivering form fell on top of me, her head ended up between my knees, and I felt her brests pushing into my groin, smothering my cock, reminding it of their wonderful experience together earlier.

After a few minutes of heavy breathing and panting, Amy managed to gather enough strength to crawl forwards, and pull herself up on the bed so that she was sat just above my groin.

She looked over her shoulder at me, and her body followed. She rose slightly, holding herself up on one knee, and grabbed my cock with a free hand, before angling herself so her hot glowing pussy was inches from my cock.

She stared at me, through her messy fringe, as if to say "Oh yeah! This is happening!" before slowly lowering herself onto my rock hard cock, slowly but surely, her tight pussy devouring every last inch of my throbbing cock at an agonisingly slow pace.

I felt her pussy walls part to allow me entry as she slipped the head in, and as the lips closed around the head, I felt my eyes shiver closed as I just let the pleasure overwhelm me. My head slowly juddered as it fell backwards, and she lowered herself a touch further down onto me, not even half of my cock was inside her, and she wasn't going to let me off that easily!

Her vagina slowly ate up my cock, and as she reached the half way point, she stopped and paused for a moment, and tensed her abdomenal muscles, causing her pussy to tighten even more, and give my cock a good squeeze, before she began to lower the rest of the way.

The next inch made its way into her pussy, and as she approached the last part of my cock, I felt my cockhead hit the back of her pussy, and she sighed in pleasure, long and sensuously. She took a deep breath in, and let gravity do the rest of the work, and she relaxed, and let herself fall on top of me completely, so that my whole cock was inside her, the back of her pussy being stretched to the point of breaking.

She had stopped, and was now leaning backwards, propped up on her arms, breathing heavily. I don't think she'd quite recovered from her orgasm yet, so I reached up, grabbed her hips, and flipped her over so that she lay where I had just been, and I was now over her in missionary.

Still holding her hips, I thrust forward slightly, making sure I was buried to the hilt, then drew back, taking my whole cock out of her pussy, keeping it lined up with her as she let out a slighty whimper, as the cold air hit her vagina.

I pushed my cock back in slowly, and the pulled back, but not all the way out this time. I began to thrust in a rhythm, and looked up to see her holding her knees back with her hands, and her breasts start to bounce back and forth in time with my thrusts. 

I started to speed up, still making sure our hips made contact, eliciting a slight moan and whimper from Amy each time my hips hit hers.

I could feel Amy silently shaking beneath me, still sensitive from her previous orgasm, another one building up within her, ready to explode!

I started hammering myself into Amy with as much force as possible, feeling my own orgasm approaching, I wanted to have us both finish together. Amy was whimpering again now, louder than before.

I couldn't hold off much longer, and I slammed my hips into her again, almost ready to cum!

I hammered myself home as hard as I could, and my cock erupted, sending her spiraling into her own orgasm, thrashing about on my cock as it unloaded inside her, ropes of semen splashing against her cervix, filling her pussy up.

As our orgasms subsided, I withdrew from her, a trail of our mixed glistening juices dribbling from my cock and landing on the bedclothes next to her glimmering pussy.

I fell forwards on my shoulder, and landed beside Amy, who was still shaking slightly. She turned her head and looked at me, before rolling towards me, and holding me against her, falling asleep in my arms.