 I hate shopping for insurance.

That's how I felt that warm June day. I had been shopping around for a new insurance company for a few weeks, and felt I was going crazy with terms like: Non-Guaranteed Life, Universal Life, Whole Life and Ordinary Life making my head swim.

It was 4 P.M., and I was on my way to my last appointment for the day, a small independent insurance company recommended to me by a co-worker. I had called a few days before, and was told by the receptionist that I would be talking with Julie, the junior partner of the company. Even though I was getting tired of the whole deal, the thought of consulting with a female felt like a welcome relief. So far, I has been dealing with males: young, aggressive guys just starting out , or middle aged guys just going through the motions. Hopefully this "Julie" would be a pleasant change.

After parking my car, I walked into the office and was greeted by the receptionist. She showed me to a small conference room and told me Julie would be right with me. 

I sat in a chair facing away from the door, and settled in for the wait. It was only a few minutes later, when I heard the door open behind me, and heard a pleasant, somewhat familiar voice call my name.

"Ray Carlson?" she said. "I was hoping it would be you!"

I turned around to see a familiar face to go with the voice.

"Julie Parker? Now this is a pleasant surprise!" I said.

The last time I had seen Julie Parker, some ten years ago, she was a fresh faced teenager working in the fast food joint I managed. She was only about 5'4", and 16 years old at the time, and looked as if she hadn't grown an inch since then. But, her body had gone through some changes. Gone was the baby fat and chubby cheeks. She had never been what I would call overweight, but she never had what would be called a hard body, either. Now, however, she had gone through quite a metamorphous . Like I said, the baby fat was gone, and it appeared that some of it had gone to her chest. She had a nice pair of breasts from what I could see, not huge, but definatly more than a mouthful. She had a slim waist, and a nicely rounded butt that I checked out while she walked around to the other side of the table. Topped off with a beautiful head of curly, shoulder length blonde hair, she was and absolute angel!

"It's good to see you," she said, taking a chair across the table from me. "When they told me that a "Ray Carlson" was coming in to talk with us, I hoped it would be you. It's been a long time, how are you?"

"I'm doing pretty good," I replied. "Not as good as you though, you're looking great, I'm just looking older!" 

"Now stop that, you'll make me blush and I'm trying to remain professional," she joked. "You're not looking older, the gray in your hair makes you look distinguished, and even a little sexy. I love it."

Now it was my turn to blush. My hair was getting grayer, it happens when you reach your 40's, and while I try to keep in shape, I had started to develop a little paunch in the stomach area. 

"Well, I'll take that as a compliment," I said. "It's not every day a guy like me gets to hear that from a beautiful young lady." 

"Well, I mean it," she said with a warm smile. "Now tell me, what brings you here today."

I told Julie that I was unhappy with my current insurance situation, and was looking to change companies. I told her what I was looking for, and before too long, we had hammered out a possible portfolio that I would be comfortable with. By the time we got to that point, it was after 5 p.m., well past closing time for the office. We had been enjoying each others company though, catching up on some old times while talking business, that we both lost track of the time. 

"I'll tell you, Julie, I've never had so much fun talking insurance," I said. "I'm really disappointed that we're done here."

"Me too," Julie said. "I'm usually in such a hurry to get out of the office, but I don't feel that way tonite. I really don't want to go home yet to an empty apartment."

Now I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed, but I saw an opening there, and I jumped at it.

"Let me buy you dinner then. To celebrate our new business relationship," I said.

"I was hoping you would take the hint," she said smiling.

We discussed where to eat, and a place was soon settled on. A nice quite restaurant not too far away. I followed Julie there, both of us driving our respective cars. I held the door for Julie as we entered the restaurant, and soon we were escorted to a nice quiet table lit by candles. The waitress soon appeared to take our order, and brought us a very nice wine while we waited for our food.

"By the way, thank you for holding the door for me when we came in, that was very nice of you," she said.

"You don't need to thank me for that," I replied. "That's the way I was brought up: always be a gentleman when escorting a lady."

"Well, you'd be surprised how many guys were not brought up that way, believe me," she said. "I think I've dated most of them!"

"That's shame," I said. "I would never dream of acting like that."

It wasn't too long before our meal arrived, and we continued chatting while eating and drinking more wine.

"So, how did you get in the insurance business?" I asked.

"Well, I went to college to get a degree in accounting," she said. "But afterwards, I realized it wasn't something I really wanted to do. My folks really pushed me into it. One of my first jobs was working for an insurance agency, helping keep track of their accounts and stuff. After a while, I really started getting interested in the insurance game, and they encouraged me to study and pass the exams. So I did, and here I am!"

"So you're happy with your professional life," I said. "How about your personal life? You mentioned an empty apartment, and I noticed you don't have a ring on your finger."

"Well, there have been a few serious boyfriends," she replied. "But not serious enough to get married. They felt they were too young to get tied down yet. So I decided to just concentrate on business for now. This is the first time I've been out with a guy in about 2 months."

"Really!" I said. "I feel honored that you chose me to end your sabbatical with." 

Julie just giggled and gave me a smile that melted my heart.

I reached across the table and took her hands in mine.

"You are a beautiful young lady, Julie," I said. Those guys were fools to let you get away."

Maybe it was the wine that was talking, but that's how I really felt.

Julie squeezed my hands and leaned across the table and kissed me on the lips.

"Thanks, Ray. You really know how to treat a lady," she said. "Now what do ya say we blow this Popsicle stand. I have more wine back at my place, and room for dancing."

Now that was an offer I couldn't refuse. We settled up the check and headed for the parking lot where we got in our respective cars. Julie pulled out first, with me close behind. A quick ten minute drive and we pulled up to her apartment complex. We got out, and I followed Julie up a flight of stairs, my eyes glued to her perfect ass as she led me to her door. 

Julie opened the door and led me in. 

"This is a nice place you have here, Julie," I said.

"Thanks, take a seat there on the couch and I'll get the wine," she said. "Oh, turn on the stereo and find us something to dance to, something slow."

I walked to the stereo and found a smooth jazz station, great for dancing. Julie came back from the kitchen with a bottle of wine and two glasses. She had removed her business jacket, revealing a white blouse just see through enough that I could make out a silky bra. She had removed her shoes also, and walked to me in stocking feet. Her skirt came down to her knees. 

Julie poured us both a glass, and we drank it down.

"Take your shoes off," she said. "I wanna dance."

I removed my shoes and took her in my arms, holding her close. We danced slowly, holding each other tight, her head on my chest. She moved beautifully, and I told her so.

"Well, I ought to," she said. "I helped to put myself through school by working as a stripper." Julie looked up at me, trying to gauge my reaction. Now, I was no stranger to strip clubs, and I knew that many girls helped to pay tuition by dancing, and I had no problem with that. 

"You have nothing to be embarrassed about, Julie. It's not illegal, and if it helped you get through college, all the better for you. I don't think any less of you."

That must have been the reaction she was looking for. She smiled up at me and put her hands behind my head, pulling me down to her lips. We kissed for what seemed like forever, tongues slipping between lips, searching for each other. My hands slid down her back, coming to rest on her ass. I squeezed her cheeks in my hands, feeling the warmth coming through her panties and skirt.

Julie broke our kiss and backed slowly away, smiling slyly. Her hands went to her blouse, undoing the buttons till her blouse fell open, revealing bra and her flat stomach. She removed her blouse completely, standing before me in just her bra and skirt. It was warm in the apartment, so I knew the nipples poking through the bra was not a result of her being cold.

"Now, I'm gonna go slip into something more comfortable, as they say in the movies," Julie said. "In this case, I'm talking about my bed."

Julie turned and walked towards her bedroom, unzipping her skirt as she went. As she got to the bedroom door, the skirt fell to the floor, around her feet. She kicked the skirt free and looked over her shoulder at me. I took in the site before me. Julie was standing in just her bra, bikini panties and stockings. 

"You gonna join me?" she asked, and walked through the door.

I was still stunned that this was happening, but not enough that I didn't follow her directly into the bedroom. Julie was bent over her nightstand, lighting a candle as I walked up behind her. She straightened up as I held her to me, her ass grinding into my crotch. I bent Julie forward at the waist so I could have access to the hooks of her bra. Soon I had the bra off, and my hands immediately went to her breasts, cupping each on in a hand. Her nipples felt a shard as rocks as I gently squeezed them between my fingers. Julie's hands were busy, also. She reached behind herself and found my crotch, rubbing my rapidly growing member.

Julie spun around and practically ripped my shirt over my head, throwing it to the floor. She went to her knees next and undid my belt, unsnapped the button on my jeans and yanked the zipper down. Julie pulled my jeans and boxers down around my ankles and I stepped out of the, my now rock hard dick waving in the air.

Julie wasted no time and grabbed my hips, pulling me to her mouth. She looked up at me as she took me into her mouth, her bright blue eyes looking deep into my own. As the head of my dick passed her lips, I rolled my head back, staring at the ceiling. After a few seconds, I looked back down to see just her head bobbing back and forth on my cock. Julie was no stranger to sucking cock, I realized. After pumping rapidly with her mouth, she slowed down and took as much of me into her mouth as possible. Now, I'm as well endowed as the porn stars you see in videos, but none of my previous girlfriends had attempted to deep throat my 6 inches as Julie was doing now.

She worked her magic for a few minutes more, taking me down her throat on each down stroke. I was getting close and she knew it. Julie looked up at me again, and took just the head of my cock in her mouth, her tongue lashing underneath the head as she grabbed the shaft and started jerking me off. I've never been able to hold off when getting this treatment, and I let her know I was about to blow.

"I'm gonna cum, Julie!" I said, warring her incase she didn't want me to cum in her mouth.

Julie pulled he lips off me with an audible pop. "Yeah, cum for me Ray, cum on my tits. Let me feel your hot cum on me!"

I'm a sucker for dirty talk, and that combined with her glorious hand-job, she quickly had me coming all over her tits.

Julie continued to pump my cock till she got the last dribble of cum out of me. She grinned up at me as she stuck out her tongue, licking up the last drop. She released her grip on me and stood up, kissing me lightly on the lips.

"Now, you lay back on the bed and relax for a minute, and I'll be right back," Julie said. 

I did as I was told, and watched her perfect ass wiggle away from me as she headed towards the master bathroom. Julie reappeared seconds later with a warm wash cloth that she used to clean herself off with. She then leaned over the bed and used it to clean up my softening dick. As she cleaned me, I let my hand wander over her back and down to her ass and under the waistband of her panties.

"I think one of us is a little overdressed, don't you think?" I asked her. 

Julie stood up and gave a seductive pose.

"If you want what's under there bad enough, you're gonna have to take them off yourself," Julie said with a grin in her voice.

With that, I sat up, still on the bed with my feet on the floor. I turned Julie around, facing away from me. I hooked my fingers in the waistband and slowly pulled her panties down over her ass. They soon found their way to her ankles, and she kicked them away. Her ass was glorious! She definitely didn't tan wearing a thong, as both her cheeks were milky white. I turned her around, facing me. She was now standing in front of me completely nude, except for her stockings. Her pussy was shaved almost completely bare, except for a thin strip above her clit.

"You like?" Julie asked. "That's a holdover from my dancing days, I feel cleaner that way and it really feels better when someone is going down on me."

"Is that another hint?" I asked, grinning up at her.

"You're catching on fast," she laughed.

"Well then, get on the bed an assume the position," I said.

Julie quickly lay back on the bed and spread her legs. I took my position, laying between her legs, my face inches from her pussy.

I reached under her and took both ass cheeks in my hands and lowered my face to her pussy. I slowly licked from the bottom of her pussy to the top, taking her clit between my lips. I looked up to see her taking both tits in her hands as her head rolled back on the pillow, her eyes tightly shut.

I slipped a finger in her pussy as I held a lip lock on her clit. Julie groaned as she ground her pussy onto my lips. After a few minutes of sucking her clit, I took my hands and slowly lifted her legs, bending them back till her knees were at her chest. This allowed me a clear view of her pussy and asshole. I gave her clit a last lick, and dipped my tongue down till I was licking around her ass. This caused Julie to moan even more, just the reaction I was looking for. Not all women like being rimmed, but Julie was not one of them.

"Oh God, Ray. What are you doing to me!" Julie hissed. 

"I'm licking your ass, baby," I said pulling away from her. "Do you want me to stop?"

Julie grabbed me by the hair and guided me back to her ass. "God, no. Keep doing that. I've never felt a tongue there. It's incredible!"

I slid a finger back into her cunt, and Julie reached her own hand down and rubbed her clit as I continued the my attack on her ass with my tongue. All this stimulation was too much for Julie, and she came with a sudden force.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming," she kept repeating in a hoarse voice as her hips jerked up and down on the bed.

I pulled my finger out of her cunt and gave her one last lick from her ass to her clit. 

I was rock hard again by this time and I pulled myself up into a kneeling position, Julie's legs still pulled up to her chest. I positioned the head of my cock at her wet pussy and slowly slid it in all the way. I took her legs and put her ankles over my shoulders. 

I looked down at Julie, an expression of pure contentment on her face.

"You're filling me up nicely Ray," she whispered up at me. 

I leaned down and kissed Julie as I slowly started pumping in and out of her. I set a nice leisurely pace, but Julie wanted none of that.

"C'mon Ray, fuck me harder than that. I can take it!"

I sped up the pace of my fucking as Julie moaned her encouragement.

"That's it Ray. Fuck me hard. You can do it. Fuck me anyway you want. You can do anything you want to me!"

As I said before, I love it when a lady talks dirty during sex. And Julie telling me I could do anything I wanted to her pushed me over the edge. 

"Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum Julie," I groaned.

"Do it Ray! Cum in me, fill me up!"

I gave one last thrust and felt the cum rocket though my dick and into her welcoming pussy, spurt after spurt.

I collapsed onto Julie as I felt the last of my cum seep out. I buried my face in her hair while I let my breathing come back to normal. 

I pulled out and rolled onto my back. Julie rolled onto her side, putting her head on my chest. We lay like that for a few minutes, getting ourselves under control. 

"I could use a shower," Julie said. "How about you?"

"Sounds like a plan," I replied.

Julie got up and stood next to the bed.

"Remember what I said about you doing anything you want to me?" Julie asked.

"Yeah," I replied, not sure where this was going.

"Well, I really liked what you did with your tongue on my ass," she said sheepishly. "It gave me an idea. Would you like to hear it?"

"Of course," I replied. "I'm open to suggestions."

"Well then, get your butt in the shower, and I'll tell you all about it," she said. 

I watched her head for the shower with an extra wiggle to her walk.

Yep, I love shopping for insurance.