 A first anniversary should be a special occasion, even if it's the anniversary of a first date. And so we've gone out on a fancy dinner cruise to celebrate. While the food is wonderful, the music good, and the night beautiful, I am hard pressed to keep my eyes off of you. I know you don't like to waver from your normal wardrobe of shorts and t-shirts, but you look striking in black pants, a red dress shirt, and a boldly patterned tie. I can't help hoping I look half as good in my full length pink dress. I've seen you sneaking glances at the plunging neckline my dress sports, and I'm fairly confident you approve.

The night passes quickly. At one point we are slow dancing to a song neither of us knows, staring into each others eyes. At another we are sitting on deck, kissing passionately under a full moon. It is a wonderfully romantic night, full of hot kisses and tender words, of champagne and moonlight reflected on water. As we pass under a bridge, a local landmark, we are told by the waiter that any couple who kiss under this bridge will be together forever. And as you rise from your seat to walk around the table and kneel by mine, pulling my face to yours and kissing me tenderly, I know that any resistance I had to your charms is long gone. I am completely and totally in love with you, and I wouldn't have it any other way.

When the boat docks you take my hand and we walk along the bay, talking quietly and admiring the ocean. As we walk there is much 'accidental' touching, my breast rubbing against your arm as I press against you, shivering, your hand brushing against my butt as you pull me closer. We finally get a taxi to take us back to your place, and sit together in the back, cuddling. I slip one high heel off and rub my foot against your leg, working my way under your pant leg and stroking my foot against your skin. In response you edge my dress up and stroke your hand along my leg, moving slightly higher with each circuit as I sigh. 

Normally I wouldn't allow this, and you've learned not to test the limits this way. I've made it very clear that sex is out of the question. I don't want to get too emotionally attached. But I've longed to feel your body for so long, and tonight when the last of my defenses slipped away I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold out anymore.

Sensing something is different, you continue to stroke my leg, trailing your fingers across my thigh as I close my eyes and lean into you, enjoying your touch. After a minute or so of this, you slide a hand behind my head and lean in, kissing me gently as you run a hand through my hair. You pull back and stare into my eyes, and I see the question in your eyes. Slowly I nod my head once. Yes.

Just then the taxi stops. We're at your house. I get out as you pay the driver, then take your hand as you smile at me and we walk up your driveway together. Taking out your keys, you open the door for me and I step into your house. As soon as you close the door behind us I pull you to me, wrapping my arms around your neck and leaning my face up, finding your lips with mine. I sigh. This is where I want to be, where I've wanted to be for the past year.

We make out for a good ten minutes, our tongues plunging into the other's mouth as we press against each other, each doing our best to get as close as humanly possible to the other. Too soon you pull away, smiling as you take my hand and lead me down the hallway. We stop halfway down to kiss again, then continue on into your room. Ignoring everything but the bed I smile in delight and tug you over, then turn you around and give you a little push so you sit on the edge of the bed. I sit facing you, a leg on either side of you with my dress riding up my thighs. I wrap my arms around your neck and kiss you again, then squeal as you wrap your arms around me and pull me back on the bed, hooking your legs on mine and swinging them up so we're completely on the mattress. I look down at you, laughing as you grin at me, then once again meet your mouth with mine as you lean up into me, pressing against me eagerly. I'm lying on top of you now, and I feel your erection growing as we kiss.

Now I realize I can't wait, can't draw this out slowly like I had planned. Instead I decide to drive you to a frenzy, to feed this wild and primal urge that's building inside of me. I sit up, straddling you as I get up on my knees and slowly move my hips, grinding up against your erection. I smile down at you as I watch your eyes widen in surprise, watch the fierce need bloom as you draw in a ragged breath. I keep moving, grinding back and forth against you, aching to remove the layers of clothing between us.

You reach up, grabbing my hips, and I smile and lean down to kiss you. I kiss you slowly, parting your lips with my tongue and flicking it along the roof of your mouth. I let my tongue mingle with yours, then slowly draw back, nibbling on your lower lip. With one last kiss I finish off the preliminaries, sitting up to undo the knot in your tie, then unbuttoning your shirt. I then roll off of you and unbuckle your pants before ordering you off the bed, directing you to remove them. I prepare to get up and take off my dress, but stop when you tell me not to. You want to remove it yourself.

I smile and lay back, letting my eyes roam as you pull your pants off, letting them linger as you walk back to me clothed in only your boxers. I smile, pulling my eyes away to meet your gaze. I read the want in yours and move slightly, drawing your gaze over me. My legs, long and shapely, half hidden by the dress pooled around my knees. My hips, curved perfectly, smooth and firm. My breasts, large and shown off exquisitely, with the neckline of my dress pulled down slightly lower than normal and a hint of lace showing from my bra. When you finally pull your eyes up to my face you see me smiling, wanting this every bit as much as you do, and I lock my eyes on yours, staring into them until you smile and reach down, grasping the bottom edge of my dress and drawing it up ever so slowly.

I have to move around some to allow you to move the dress up my body, but I keep my eyes locked on your face, reading the wonder, the excitement, the awe as you uncover bits of me you've never seen. Slowly you inch the fabric up, moaning as you find the lacy bit of a thong I'm wearing for your benefit. Further up, as you uncover my belly, then, ever so slowly, my breasts, held in a barely there bra, twin to the panties you've so recently delighted in. I see your eyes slowly roam over me as you shift forward, and I laugh, snapping you back to reality as you realize I'm laying here with my dress half off. You grin and quickly tug me up, pulling the dress over my head and kissing me fiercely, passionately, sliding a hand behind my head to trap me against you as the dress slides, forgotten, to the floor.

Soon we're wrapped around each other, kneeling on your bed with nothing separating us but our underwear. I pull away for a breath and smile, brushing a lock of hair out of your face as you once again let your eyes roam over my body. Smiling, I reach behind me and unclasp my bra, dropping it to the side as my breasts fall free, bouncing slightly, my nipples standing out hard and pink against the soft white skin of my breasts. You slowly draw in a breath, then eagerly reach out both hands, cupping my breasts and slowly rubbing your thumbs over my nipples. Now it's my turn to gasp. The rough , textured skin of your thumbs feels exquisite against my sensitive nipples, and I lean in to you, wanting more. You gently push me back in the bed, then lower your head and kiss the valley between my breasts, shaking your head slightly and reveling in the feel of my skin against your cheeks. Moving to the left, you close your mouth over my breast, sliding upwards until just the nipple is left in your mouth and scraping it with your teeth. You're so engrossed in this exploration that you don't hear my gasp of delight, don't see my hands clench on your sheets. And how could you possibly know that heat is spreading through my belly, a warm rush of sensation, pain and pleasure combined into one as I suddenly reach a new level of arousal, juices soaking my thong as I moan and press my breast against your mouth? Yet somehow you know, and you repeat the movement again and again, using your hand on my other breast as you start flicking your tongue against my nipple, causing it to harden even more. My whole world has narrowed down to this one breast, this one locale of pleasure, and I moan in loss when I feel you lift your head. But then your mouth encloses my other breast and I once again forget all but the sensation.

Finally I can't take it anymore and I move, tugging you up and kissing you, then rolling so that I'm above you once more. I hook a finger in either side of your boxers and pull them down, smiling as your penis frees itself and bounces up. I wrap my hand around it and stroke up and down, slowly at first but then hard and firm as you thrust against me. I long to take you in my mouth, to use my tongue, my lips and teeth, as you've so recently used yours on me. I want to drive you to pleasure, to feel you grasp my hair and thrust into the back of my throat as your juices fill my mouth. But even more than that I want to feel you in me, filling me. I want to look into your eyes as I drive you over the edge, to watch you surrender and then quickly follow you as you fill me with your juices.

And so I rise above you and slowly slip down my thong, revealing a mound of dark brown hair surrounding the pink lips of my vagina. I slide the thong down to my knees, then lose patience and simply rip it off rather than stand up to remove it. I lower my body, laying on top of you, skin to bare skin, and kiss you once more. Then I raise up and in one quick movement lower myself onto you, moaning as finally, finally, your shaft slips into me. I raise again and lower again, speeding up each time until you're pounding into me and we're moving together, you thrusting up over and over again, hard and fast as we moan in sync. I clench my hands at my side as we move, as pleasure grows in my belly and courses through my blood. I long for the release that is sure to come, wanting to draw it out, wanting it to come now, wanting nothing more than to lose myself in it and bring you with me. I throw my head back and moan again, riding you hard, and suddenly I feel the pleasure growing sharper, the need more pronounced, and I speed up, faster and faster until it breaks and I scream, pleasure washing over me in waves as you keep thrusting, pounding into me relentlessly. 

Slowly I resurface, still riding you, and I smile as I feel the pleasure start to grow again already. You're still thrusting up into me, even harder now, and I look down at you. Staring into your eyes I see the excitement, the hunger, that my orgasm has incited, and I know that now nothing will stop you from finishing what we have started. You've lost control completely, living at this moment just to find a release for this powerful need we both share. Realizing that I have done this, that I have the power to do this, I throw my head back and laugh in utter delight. You smile and roll, flipping me so that I am suddenly looking up at you. I laugh again as you lean down and kiss me, still thrusting into me as your tongue explores my mouth.

I close my eyes and give in to the sensations, your tongue stroking the inside of my mouth as you drive yourself into me, your penis stretching the tight walls of my vagina, filling me utterly. When you lift your mouth from mine I moan, wrapping my arms around your back and trying to pull you back to me. You chuckle, lowering your lips to my neck and nipping at the skin there, and I realize as I arch up against you that I'm as ensnared in the need as you are.

I moan again and again as your mouth ranges over me, finding my breasts again as we move together. You keep thrusting, moving into me over and over, slowing every time I near orgasm as you strive to draw out the pleasure as long as possible. You move your mouth over my breasts, making me cry out, though whether from pain or pleasure I don't know. You tug with your teeth, breeding a fierce ache, and then quickly soothe with kisses and tease again with your tongue.

Finally you lift your head back to mine, kissing me once before speeding up, thrusting into me hard and fast as my moans turn into screams and I yell your name over and over, looking up into your eyes as you drive me closer and closer to the edge. Suddenly you shudder and I feel you pulse inside of me as you come, moaning my name and thrusting into me again and again as you empty yourself inside of me. You lower your mouth to claim mine and my scream turns into a moan as I hungrily kiss you, arching up against you one last time before losing myself in the heat. My arms, already wrapped around you, grow tighter as I clench my hands in your hair, moaning your name against your lips as I orgasm for the second time.

We move together still, both lost in pleasure, until we collapse, utterly spent, and smile at each other. You wrap your arms around me and roll so that we're side by side, staring into each other's eyes. I sigh as you stroke my hair, then lay my head against your chest and lose myself in the sound of your heartbeat. As my eyelashes flutter I smile, knowing that we have the whole night ahead of us still, and then I fall asleep in your arms, secure in the knowledge that I am finally home.