 Brad was rather unsure of whether he should cancel his plans for the night, or even how to go about doing that. He was invited as a special guest to one of the spring break parties being thrown by MTV. However, the way the redhead was sucking on his cock as if his cum was the nectar of the gods, he didn't know if he'd be able to get away, or if he'd even want to.

He tried to recall the details of his day that led to this point but the slurping sounds and the moan from the girl currently engulfing his rod made the details fuzzy. The college water-polo player knew he had been at the beach, and he remembered that there was someone having difficulties in the water. It was rather stupid of him to immediately try and get to their aid given that it could have been an undertow dragging her down, but Brad was just too nice of a guy to sit by idly while someone was in trouble.

The way she moaned with her mouth around him before pulling back a little to look up at him and smile (as best as a girl can with a mouth full of cock) was driving him crazy, he could already feel the pressure building up. He continued to remember once her forehead returned to his stomach. He managed to get the girl out and when she wasn't breathing he helped resuscitate her. Brad never had a chance to get the name of the girl he rescued, or even really look at her before she was being taken to the hospital and tv cameras on the beach began pestering him for interviews.

It was those interviews and his heroics that led to half-a-dozen different private party invites that night. And just as he was getting ready to go there was a knock on the door. Thinking it must be a ride to pick him up he answered it to see a gorgeous redhead standing at the door; a sarong covering her lower half, a bikini top and in between slightly tanned freckled body topped off with long red curly hair that reached just past her breasts. Brad couldn't help staring at her breasts, they filled the bikini top quite nicely, and he had to catch himself to look up to her face.

She had a cute face, emerald eyes that looked like they could stare through him, a cute little nose, cheeks freckled like much of her body, and cute little lips with pink lipgloss. Little did he know when he answered the door where those lips would be momentarily. She asked him if he was the one who rescued the girl at the beach, and he told her he was. Quickly after he said yes she moved forward, shut the door, and kissed him--Brad might have been put off a little had he been seeing someone, but then again, he wouldn't be at spring break if he was. The kiss was aggressive on her part, something Brad had never quite experienced. He was already missing it when she pulled back, and said, "I'm the girl you rescued, I just wanted to thank you personally."

Being the nice guy he is, Brad was about to tell her no thanks were necessary when she suddenly dropped to her knees and her hands reached out for his shorts. A girl had never been this forward with him before, nor this fast. With him just standing there his shorts and boxers lying on the ground, she held his cock in her left hand before smiling up at him and finally moving in to start licking his balls.

Another first for Brad. He'd heard guys talking about it, but always figured he'd rather have the girl's oral attentions on his cock. Now that he was in the moment he understood completely. His balls wouldn't be bathed for long by her tongue as it was just the teaser to the main course, which she quickly gobbled down and got to work.

Now that he was done remembering how he had reached this point, he realized how much stamina he'd had in the process. He had rubbed one off earlier, being a little horny after all the girls who were fawning after him for being a hero. He closed his eyes, his breathing becoming a little more erratic as she bobbed her head up and down his shaft, knowing he was about to cum when suddenly she pulled off completely.

"In my mouth or on my face," came her soft voice for a moment before her tongue went back to the ball licking that she had started with.

"Huh," asked Brad, pulled out of his bliss by her sudden question.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth or on my face?" she asked again kindly before resuming.

Brad had always liked seeing facials in porn he had to admit, and the fact that the girl was asking him instead of him having to be the one to ask. "Your face?" he replied, asking it as more of a question than giving an answer.

"Tell me when," she said before she pulled back and took him into her mouth once more. The way she swirled her tongue around his shaft as she moved her head along her shaft was driving him crazy, and after only five more bobs of her head he said, "I'm ready."

He managed to hold on for a moment while she pulled back. She closed her eyes and mouth and just tipped her head back a little bit. Her left hand held his cock to help guide as the streams of hot cum erupted and started to coat her face. As Brad looked down and watched her face get painted he was surprised with the amount she got out of him, especially for his having cum once already today.

When he was finally done she reached up to wipe enough cum away from her eyes to open them, then moved forward to clean the little bit remaining from the tip of his cock. He looked down at his cum-covered pleaser, just amazed from her blowjob. "Wow, that was awesome, you didn't need to..."

Suddenly she backed off and stood up, though something was different now. The sarong and string bikini bottom she had on underneath were on the floor, as was the bikini top she had on when she entered. It took his brain a moment to realize that the girl who just gave him the best blowjob of his life was now standing naked in front of him.

The fact that the slightly-tanned freckled girl wasn't perfect helped draw his eyes even more. She had tanlines in all the usual areas. His eyes immediately went to her breasts, now sitting out in the open for his viewing pleasure. Much like he thought from his first glance, they looked to be a little more than a handful, and her paler skin revealed that her areolas were also quite pale, just pink enough to stand out from her skin. The nipples were similarly inflicted, but the decent size of them for her breasts, and the fact that they upturned a little and standing at attention more than made up for it.

As if taken by a sudden realization, his eyes took a turn downward, hoping to see if the fiery red hair was matched below. To both dismay and delight he found that such a question would have to wait for another time as only smooth skin greeted his eyes above her pussy. Just as he was about to take a good look at her soft folds she spoke again, and he was compelled to look upwards once more.

"I owe you for saving my life, so I'm going to give you the only gift I can think of. You saved my body, now you get to have it to do with as you please," she said once more softly, the smile still wide on her cum-coated face.

"That almost sounds too good to be true," Brad responded back to her, a slight chuckle in his voice from the nervousness of having the girl throw herself at him. "Aren't you worried I might hurt you, or get you pregnant, or give you a disease?"

She simply shook her head once to all his questions. "If you want to hurt me, go for it. I shouldn't get pregnant from both birth control and it just not being the right time, but if I do, oh well. As for disease, I know I'm clean and I don't care whether you are or not. If it weren't for you, I'd be dead right now, this body either lost at sea or in a bag down in some hospital morgue. So really, it's no harm to me whatever you choose to do, as I'm still better off than I would be otherwise."

Brad really didn't know what to respond. For the slightest moment he wished he was the type of guy who'd gladly take her and give her the dirtiest, kinkiest sex of her entire life, but he knew that he wasn't. When he didn't take the initiative, she once again did. She reached to the bottom of the t-shirt he had on and started pulling it up, over his head. He reacted instinctively, raising his arms for her to remove it.

"Why don't you go lay on the bed?" she asked.

Stepping out of his shorts and boxers, he took her lead and hopped onto his bed. She moved to the foot of the bed and started to crawl onto it from the end, slowly crawling over his body. When her head reached his still semi-soft cock she gave it a quick playful lick before continuing to lick up his stomach to his chest. When her breasts reached there, she hovered for just a moment, letting them tease the sensitive flesh. When she finally was over him, she laid her pussy down on his cock to just rub it, transferring some of her wetness to his shaft.

"Go ahead, I know you want to. Rub them, squeeze them," she told him, looking down between his face and her tits dangling in front of them.

He didn't need telling twice as both hands came up to feel her breasts. As his thumbs brushed over her nipples she moaned a little, eliciting a twitch from his cock. He rubbed her breasts and started squeezing. More moans escaped from her mouth as she was enjoying the work his hands were doing.

As he continued to knead her breasts, she reached back with her left hand and lifted herself off of him enough to guide his now-hard cock to her pussy. He stopped and looked at her as she felt his shaft glide into her warm and ready hole. Another louder moan escaped from her lips as she took his fullness inside her. For Brad it was a new feeling entirely, he'd never been able to have a girl without a condom and now she was the one initiating it.

She rode him with a steady rhythm for several minutes. Her head was up, mouth open just slightly and her eyes closed as she appeared to be enjoying the feeling of him being inside her. Of course he was enjoying it, and as she continued he started to become a lot more confident in himself.

"Could I ask something?" he asked, taking his confidence out for a spin.

"Mhmm, anything," she said, suddenly stopping.

"Can I do you doggy style?"

She opened her eyes and looked down at him with a smile. "Of course you can." And she pulled off of him and stood up on the bed and turned around. She got on her knees and put her hands on the board at the foot of her bed. She spread her legs and arched her back to allow him to enter.

Brad's eyes popped wide at how willing she was to go along with it and just watched as she moved herself into position. Now that he was getting a view of her ass, he didn't want to stop. As her legs went wider he was treated to a view of everything, seeing her pussy from behind and seeing the pucker of her tiny butthole.

"CanIfuckyourass?" Brad blurted out, he wasn't sure where it came from, as he'd never taken a chick in the butt, but part of him didn't see another chance to have it happen.

When her head turned back around to look at him, he was worried that he'd gone too far. The smile that had been on her coated face this entire time wasn't there. "Well, I've never done that before, but for you I will."

Brad was suddenly conflicted, the girl was gonna offer her only virgin hole to him just cause he blurted it out. "Wait, you don't have to," he said, trying to ease his conscience.

"No, it's okay," she replied back to him as she got off the bed. It's just gonna take me a few minutes to get ready. With that she crawled off the bed and back to her clothes while he watched. He hadn't noticed the small purse that she had apparently brought with her, it did match the sarong in its deep purple color. "I'll be out in a few," she said before stepping into the bathroom and shutting the door.

The several minutes she was in the bathroom was nearly agony for him. Part of it was from the guilt of asking to have her ass, but the rest was definitely from the excitement that she was gonna let him fuck her virgin ass would bring. He just hoped he'd be able to last long enough to enjoy it.

When enough time passed that he was starting to get worried she was getting cold feet, he got up off the bed and was walking to the bathroom door when it opened and she stepped out, holding a bottle of lubricant in her hand. She dropped down to her knees and took some of the lube and started to smear it around his cock, getting him ready.

"I've done myself as best I can, but you should apply a little more lube to me," she said looking up to him, the smile having returned. "Only if you want to of course."

He just blinked, not knowing how he should even respond to that when she spoke again.

"Anywhere in particular?"

He looked around the room and chuckled just a little. "I've always fantasized about taking some hottie's ass while she's bent over a table."

"As you wish," was all she replied before standing back up and walking over to the table that doubled as a desk in the hotel room. When she arrived, she looked back to him and said, "I hope you enjoy."

She spread her feet apart about shoulder width as she turned to face the table and leaned forward. Once her torso was against the table she reached back and put the tube of lubricant on the small of her back. To Brad's surprise, she then used both hands to reach back and spread her ass cheeks, once again giving him that unobstructed view of all her charms.

Still filled with nervous excitement, Brad walked over to her and picked up the bottle of lube from her back and spread some on that puckered hole that was waiting for him. She let out a little gasp as she felt his finger apply rub against it for a moment.

Finally ready, Brad took his position behind the redhead, dropping the bottle to the floor. He lined up behind her and pressed his very hard cock against her backdoor, and with his right hand reaching out to grab her hip, and his left hand helping to guide, he pushed forward.

Between her spit, pussy juice, and the ample amounts of lubricant on his cock and her hole, the head popped in with only a slight bit of resistance. The girl made a sound, somewhere between a gasp and a cry. Before Brad could even think to check that she was okay, she said, "Keep going."

Brad's cock was in heaven, never had it felt anything wrapping so tightly around it. Barely the head was in and he was already enjoying this newfound sensation. With her blessing he started to slowly push forward. When he encountered resistance, he pulled back so only the head remained inside before pushing forward again. He had no idea how he was lasting--perhaps it was the cumming a few times already, perhaps it was sheer force of will.

He looked down watching as with every attempt a little more of his cock was being swallowed by her obscenely stretched asshole, still made all the more visible by her continuing to spread her cheeks. He lost track of the time, but he rightly guessed it had taken a few minutes but with one final push he looked down to see just the tiniest sliver of his shaft sticking out of her ass, he was buried completely inside her.

"Let go and get up on your arms," Brad commanded her.

As she did what she was told, making it so she wasn't pushed into the table but up enough that her breasts could hang freely, Brad was shocked with himself. Apparently it was easy for him to be confident about what he was doing with his cock balls deep in a hot redhead's ass. He bent over a little himself to reach forward and he wrapped his hands around her breasts, squeezing them and using them as handles as he started to fuck her ass.

He was slow at first, just starting to build up a nice pace while his hands kneaded her breasts, fingers rubbing her nipples and eliciting both moans of pleasures and little whimpers of pain. As he continued and started to feel the pressure rise from within, he let go of her breasts and both hands went for her hips. A man possessed, he started fucking her harder, like he would if he was in her pussy.

The whimpers of pain from the girl became a little more prevelant, after all, this was the first dick in her ass. Once more when she seemed to think that maybe Brad would start feeling guilty, she once again encouraged him.

"Oh gawd, fuck my ass, keep fucking my ass Brad."

And that's all it took. Knowing he couldn't hold on any longer, Brad again buried his entire length in her ass as he started to cum. As her bowels were filled she was breathing heavily, letting her weight collapse into the table once more.

Even as he finished coating her insides like he had her outside, Brad didn't pull out, he stood there enjoying the view.

"Why don't you take a picture?" he heard her soft voice say.

Taking her at his word, he pulled out and went to the night stand by his bed and grabbed his camera phone. Once more she reached back, revealing her now well fucked ass to him and turning around and smiling as he took a picture. She stood up and sat on the table, legs spread a little and motioned for him to do it again.

"And now a closeup," she said as she moved closer and he took two more, one with her breasts in the shot and one of just her cum-covered face.

"Get dressed," she told him now, and like everything else so far this evening, he gladly obeyed. One he was dressed she motioned him into the bathroom.

Confused, he followed her, and she grabbed his phone from him. "I know the boys won't believe this story when you tell them, they'll just say you got those pics from some porn site."

Leaning back into his clothed self, she took a full body shot in the mirror. Then a closeup. She turned around and gave one last good picture of her backside for him to be standing with and smiled. 

"Well Brad, I hope you enjoyed your reward. Consider it payment in kind."

With that she left the bathroom and went out to get dressed. Of course Brad took another picture as she bent down to pick up her clothes. She put on the sarong but didn't seem to bother with the bikini bottoms that went underneath. Once her top was in place she went back to the bathroom to get her little bag.

"Aren't you gonna clean up your face?" Brad asked, noticing she was still wearing his cum.

"No need really, I'm kinda proud to wear it, and besides, if anyone asks, it'll make one hell of a spring break story." And finally she giggled.

Even though she headed to the door, Brad was wishing it wasn't over. As she opened it and stepped out he asked, "I didn't even get your name."

"Check my bikini bottoms," she said as she walked down the hall, not even looking back at him one last time.

Brad blinked a few times and looked to the floor where the white bikini bottoms remained from when she took them off. As he bent down to pick them up, he noticed writing on the inside. Undoing the strings he laid them out on the table he just finished fucking her on. There was a message:

I'll always owe you for saving my life.

Hope you enjoyed my anal cherry.

Love Lanae

Her email address and phone number were written right below.

Brad couldn't help but smile, spring break didn't turn out so bad after all.