 This is a direct continuation of episode one. I recommend you read that first to gain some back story.

Be aware, this is a story about love and passion, so it's probably not for you if you're looking for a sex romp to get off on! That being said, it does get pretty hot! I thought it best to let you know that this entire series will contain a mix of One-on-One, Group Sex, Lesbian Sex, and Anal, just in case that's not clarified by the category the stories are in. Also, everyone is 18 or over and is completely fictional. This is my first series so please, please, PLEASE leave feedback if you could! 

Thanks, and enjoy!

************************

I awoke to a fresh new morning, but I kept my eyes closed for the time being. Though I was facing away from the window, I could tell that the sun was shining bright, and I could hear the birds outside. My mind fluttered with happiness; I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful morning. And best of all, there was a very light breeze rolling in through the window, bringing with it fresh, crisp morning air! Hmmm. I don't remember ever opening my window last night...

As I opened my eyes to go examine this unexpected scenario, I flailed backward in surprise as I was confronted with two big, blue eyes with a little button nose string at me point blank. As I flailed around on the bed, trying to get away from the mysterious giant face that had appeared out of nowhere, I inadvertently rolled myself right off the other side of the bed, landing on the floor with a loud thud. At least I wasn't hurt.

It was then that I heard the giant face laughing from on the bed, a sight I couldn't see because I was on the floor. My mind took a split second to catch up before I too started laughing. I couldn't help it. I laughed at what had just happened, but most of all I laughed at my own stupidity.

Holly had been waking me up in almost the exact same way since I was in the 3rd grade, about a year after I moved into the neighborhood. Every morning before school she would run into my room when it was time to wake me up at lay there on the bed, staring at me until I awoke. And every single time, every single day, I would freak out before once again realizing that it was her. When I got older, about 13, it started to annoy me how she was always there. I could never get a proper rest because she would even do it on weekends, waking me up because she wanted to go somewhere or do something, or hang out. I never did find out why she was always up so much earlier than I was. Especially on school days.

However, I had come to love the little wake up calls during my breakup with Taylor. Even though I freaked out every time without fail, Holly's being there really made the tough times easier for me, and having her there from the beginning of the day to the end caring for me was very comforting. It's also one of the little things that finally convinced me how in love with her I was. 

During the summer break after finishing high school (before we had gone to Asia), Holly stopped waking me up in the mornings, even though she was there practically as soon as I woke up and got downstairs. It was just one of those things that since I was so in love with her, I really missed it. I don't know what her reasoning was but all I knew is that it quite upset me, and for a while I was actually a little depressed by it. I thought that it was a sign that she definitely didn't feel the same way I felt about us, and that she trying to... I guess, wean me off of her? But with what happened in Vietnam and where we were now, I was very grateful to have those little comforts back.

I realized I had stopped laughing and I was now just staring at the side of my bed smiling. I looked up slightly to see Holly leaning over the bed, her legs up in the air behind her. She had a quizzical smile on her face.

"Whatcha thinkin' about?" She asked me, her head lolled to the side like the little girl that she was on the inside. Although that was hard to say considering what had happened in the hotel in Vietnam.

"You." I replied as I smirked at her, "I missed this you know."

Her head straightened back up and she frowned ever so slightly. "You missed what?"

"I missed you waking me up every morning. After graduation you didn't come by any more. I would wake up to an empty bed every morning, and I'd be lying if I said it didn't hurt." I knew I was ruining a good moment, but the memories had made me pretty upset. 

Despite my melancholy tone, Holly laughed at this, although her eyes sparkled with affection as she did so. "I'm sorry, but I thought you would have been sick of me by then. 11 years of being woken up by me and I thought you would have enjoyed the break! Besides, do you want to know the truth?"

I nodded curiously.

"I had been getting really horny really easily around then, and I didn't trust myself to not do something stupid while I was lying there alone next to you." The look on her face was that of a person who was telling a dirty little secret. Which in this case I would say was entirely accurate.

I felt my cock stir in my pajamas and I could see her glance down at it. She giggled lightly.

"Up you come!" She chirped, as she lowered a hand down to help me back up onto the bed. It was then I could see that she was dressed in a gorgeous, light purple summer dress that hugged her figure in all the right places, making her C-cup tits stand nicely to attention, and highlighting that voluptuous ass that turned me on so much. At the bottom the dress flared out a bit. Her hair was in a ponytail, but she still had a chunk of hair running down the left side of her face, and she had dark, white-rimmed sunglasses resting on top of her head. It occurred to me that she must have been up for a while.

"So how long have you been staring at me?" I grinned at her.

"Oh god, I've been up since 6. Jet lag, man..." She sighed, as she flopped down onto the bed beside me.

I looked over to the alarm clock on my bedside table. It read 7:45 am. I groaned and laid down beside her. After getting to bed after midnight last night, all I wanted was a good 10 hour sleep. We had arrived on our flight from Vietnam at around 10:30. Both of our parents were in my mom's minivan as they came to pick us up at the airport. Of course, there were lots of hugs and kisses and greetings, and once we had loaded our luggage into the van and had gotten on our way, the conversation inevitably strayed to how our trip was.

Holly and I had discussed how we were going to broach the subject of our new relationship to our parents. When two people have been friends as long as we have it seems very strange to all of a sudden be more than that. We knew our parents would be very happy about it, but we also knew it would be a little embarrassing at first, what with all the questions and the teasing. And I bet Holly five bucks that her dad would be the first to ask if we'd had sex or not, while she disagreed saying it would be my dad.

Anyway, during the plane ride we had decided to leave the announcement 'til later in the evening, after all the questions were out of the way and the trip had been explained. However, I knew my mom at least was suspicious. I honestly didn't know how she could have known about us before we told her, but it seemed that she did. She kept looking at me critically all the way home, but smiling if I ever caught her looking.

Once we got home at about 11:15 our family sat us all in our living room before asking us more questions. My dad popped a bottle of wine and everyone took a glass except my dad and I. We were more beer people. The questions continued until around 11:30, and Holly and I silently agreed that it was about time we told everyone about us. Just then though, my mom piped up. It would seem her curiosity got the better of her.

"Ok, you guys have been looking at each other funny all night. What's the deal, what's the joke? What aren't you telling us?"

Holly and I both froze up. This was unexpected. I looked at her, at a loss of what to say, hoping that she would have an answer. I almost laughed when I saw that she was just as stunned as I was, so I decided I might as well break the news.

"Well..." I stalled, trying to decide how to go about this, "Uh, mom... everyone. Uh, Holly and I arrree, dating." I gave a very simple smile. I was not exactly a social butterfly; situations like these tended to make me very awkward, especially with my parents. I was also nervous as to how Holly's parents would react. With both sets of parents I knew for a fact there would be no issue, but that didn't stop me from worrying. In fact, I knew they would be very happy for us, but the whole emotional outpouring part didn't exactly thrill me. Of someone not approving, I had no issue. With the emotional outpourings, I had less luck.

"You... you are? Oh, honey that's wonderful!" My mom exclaimed, a huge smile on her face.

"Oh my god, how did it happen? You have to tell us all about it!" Holly's mom insisted. Before both Holly and I could groan in embarrassment though, Holly's dad piped up.

"Wait a minute, you two didn't have sex did you?" He said, eyeing us suspiciously.

"Harold, stop!" Holly's mom, Rachel, snapped at him.

"No!" Holly groaned, annoyed, as she handed me a five dollar bill from her pocket. It wasn't really a lie. We really didn't have sex.

After another 20 minutes of dodging questions we managed to convey how tired we were from the flight to our hounding parents, who begrudgingly let us go to bed. That is to say, Holly and her parents said their goodbyes and went back next door. Before they left, however, when our parents were saying their goodbyes at the front door, Holly and I hung back behind the door that separates the living room and the entrance hall. She gave me a quick but deep kiss.

"Night Danny," she said quietly, her smile filled with adoration.

I gave her a similar smile and another quick peck on the lips before repeating, "Night Holly".

But now here we were. It was the morning after and all of a sudden I caught the smell of waffles wafting through the air. Waffles were sort of a tradition around my house ever since my dad bought his waffle iron a few years back. I have no idea why he was so excited about buying a waffle iron but it's sure served its purpose around here.

"Ahhh, waffles!" I groaned, and Holly laughed.

"That's actually why they sent me up here," she admitted. "But now that I know how much you love my visits, I'll be sure to be here every morning for you." Her eyes sparkled as she smiled at me and I couldn't help but kiss her. At first it was just a small kiss, light, and little tongue. But I realized it had been a while since we'd properly kissed; we'd been on a plane for 10 hours straight, then we were home around our parents who had no idea we were going out, then we were in bed until what was now 7:45. I couldn't wait another second. I pulled little Holly on top of me and started probing her mouth with my tongue, her tongue shot back in an instant and started wrestling with mine, pushing her lips onto mine harder with each kiss.

Soon we were breathing heavily, panting on each other as our tongues danced and helped us relieve almost a day's worth of sexual tension. Holly started mewling softly as our kiss became more intense and this turned me on to a whole new level. My cock was straining against the bottom of her dress and my hand found her left tit as I started squeezing it. At this, Holly started rubbing her crotch up against my stomach slowly, her own arousal increasing by the second. But of course, just as I was about to reach around and start playing with her ass, my dad barges into the room.

"Jeez Holly, I asked you to wake him up, not suffocate him until he does!" My dad laughed as Holly quickly rolled off of me. I had to move quickly to hide my rock solid dick from my dad.

"Dammit dad, knock!" I growled.

"Breakfast is served!" My dad yelled as he left the room and went back downstairs. He was laughing the whole way down.

"Whoops!" Holly giggled.

I just groaned on account of my aroused member.

"Oh, poor baby..." Holly pouted at me, stroking my cock over my pajamas. "Soon", she whispered, then gave me a wink as she left the room. I dressed myself grumpily as I walked downstairs to eat. I found my mom and dad plus Holly sitting at the table already helping themselves. I sat down next to Holly, across from my parents. As I finished my first bite of waffles, my mom smiled and asked us, "So, what are your guys' plans for the day?"

"I don't know," I replied trying to act casual. If I didn't my mom would find some hidden meaning in it and it would raise a whole new set of questions.

"Well you guys should definitely check out the art museum if you want something classy, or I also heard there's this really good movie playing, I can't remember the name of the top of my head but I could always look it up-"

"Whoa mom! Jeez, we're not going to be spending every day on a date or something. We don't need 'something to do,'" I stopped her.

"Aww we're not going on a date?" Holly tried to look pouty but she was also trying to hold back laughter so it was very obvious it wasn't genuine.

"Don't you start with me!" I pointed at her. I was trying to be stern but I was holding back a laugh too and I'm guessing it showed. Holly burst out laughing at this, as did my dad, and my mom just smiled and shook her head. After we had all calmed down a little I continued.

"Nah, I think we're just gonna go for a little drive today, see what's new around here, get our bearings again."

"You've only been gone a month", my dad said with a smirk, "I don't think it's exactly a whole new town."

"Let them do what they want, Brian," my mom replied. "You guys have a good day today, alright?"

"Course!" Holly replied cheerily.

By then we had finished our breakfast. I asked mom if they needed help with the dishes but they said they were perfectly fine and to just go out and enjoy the beautiful day. I thanked her, and we rinsed our dishes, put them in the dishwasher and hurried out the door to my car. I hopped in, as did she, and we left the house to patrol the town and see what was up.

After driving for a while in our own happy little worlds, Holly broke the silence.

"It feels like being in a movie," she said as she turned in my direction. "You know, like what happens throughout the movie all culminates into this grand ending? I mean, I used to talk to my mom about my feelings for you, how much it hurt to see you every day and have to act normal. I think it stressed her out a little, because she never wanted to talk to you or your parents and risk messing anything up, but she couldn't bear to see me so unhappy all the time." She looked a little troubled and I was about to try and console her when she lit up with a smile and sang a little song into the air. "I, love, having yoooou..."

I laughed and kissed her as we stopped at a red light. She looked like she might want more, but then I saw her gaze dart to something behind my shoulder and her eyes lit up.

"Caleb's Deli!" She squealed close to my ear. I was stunned for a second and my ear was ringing, but I turned quickly and realized where we were. Caleb's Deli was a deli that Holly and I used to go to during lunch breaks at school. We would walk, every day, side by side and order our favourite sandwiches before heading back to school. Before long we had the whole system down to a science, and we were never late for our fifth lesson. I was very excited to go inside, partially for nostalgic reasons and also because Holly was so excited to see it again. We turned into the small parking lot and got out of the car. We walked through the door hand in hand to see Caleb himself wiping down a table. There were only three other customers in the place, but we didn't recognize them.

Caleb was a big guy, about 6'3" and muscular, but he was also a real softie. We'd always enjoyed the company of our friend from New York. Apparently his family has owned deli's since before they immigrated over from Italy, but to this day we're not sure if that's just tall tales, or the truth. In any case, Caleb beamed as he saw us walk through the door.

"Well, if it isn't my two favourite customers! What can I do for you two lovebirds?" He grinned. I opened my mouth to speak, but he quickly cut me off. "I know, I know, you two aren't dating." Caleb apologized, but he smiled and held up his hand to show us that he was kidding.

"Actually Caleb," I grinned and squeezed Holly's hand, "we are dating now." Holly's head nodded and then rested against my arm.

"You are!? That's fantastic! You finally got the guy, hey missy?" He smiled big and pointed at Holly. 

"Yup..." Holly blushed crimson.

"Oh, what's this?" I asked her playfully. "You finally got me? How long have you been talking about 'getting me'?" I laughed at her. She moved her head behind my arm to hide her face.

"No, stop!" she giggled, embarrassed.

"That poor thing used to come in here from time to time moping and sulking and talk to me about you." Caleb started to explain, teasing Holly. "I would listen to the poor girl about how she didn't think you'd ever fall for her, and how maybe she should just give up. It was quite sad really." Caleb said, but his expression was amused. I was laughing by the time he was finished, and I could actually feel the heat from Holly's face on my back where her head was buried. 

"You two can stop any time!" She said, as her head peeked out from behind me.

"Ah, I'm just messing with you!" The big man smiled. "Anyway, you guys just come to chat and visit or...?" 

"Well, we just had breakfast but I wouldn't mind a sandwich for the road." I told him.

"Sounds good!" Holly replied, her face still a little red.

"Two of the usual, coming up!" Caleb exclaimed as he walked with purpose behind the counter and started to prepare our favourite sandwiches. Holly and I sat at the bar and talked with Caleb as he prepared our sandwiches, about Asia and all the things we'd done. When he was finished we went to pay for the sandwiches, but Caleb stopped us.

"Oh no you don't. You two have been my best customers for years, and these ones are for my two lovebirds, on the house!" Caleb beamed.

We thanked him and promised we'd be back soon enough, then we left the little deli hand in hand, Holly's head resting on my arm. We got back into the car and I asked Holly where she might want to go next.

"Ooh let's go to the park!" Holly gasped excitedly.

"Ok, ok, to the park we go!" I replied, amused by her overly enthusiastic response.

I had the sunroof down on my old Toyota Corolla down and a nice breeze was filtering in, along with warm late summer sunshine. Holly had the radio on and she was busy staring out the window smiling to herself and moving her body to the music. It wasn't a long way to the park from Caleb's and we were down there in under 5 minutes.

Holly practically jumped out of the car and skipped her way around, skipping in circles as I exited the car, and then skipped off into the park. I walked behind, letting her go off ahead as I just smiled and watched her playful little body dart here and there, so vibrant and excited. I admired that little but that I caught glimpses of when she landed and her dress came up. I admired her toned little legs and her flowing hair as she gracefully hopped along the dirt path we were following. I turned when I heard a noise and saw a squirrel run across the ground and up a tree to my left. I loved nature, and I grinned to myself as I watched the squirrel climb into a knoll near the top of the great oak. Wait, where was Holly...?

I turned back to look at the path but she was gone. I ventured forward, hoping to catch sight of her again, but she had disappeared somewhere. All of a sudden a cloud covered the sun, and an eerie breeze picked up in the wood, rustling the leaves and casting a chill over me that, frankly, had me a little nervous. I was on edge as I cautiously continued my trek through the park, and I heard noises and saw shadows around every corner. I was starting to get worried - had someone grabbed Holly? Is that why I was so nervous? The possibilities ran through my head as a low howl swept through the suddenly-foreboding park, and I was now on my guard, looking for any sign of Holly or any clues as to what might have happened to her. 
