 [This is a true story, up to a point. This is what might have happened, if I hadn't been a gentleman (or too scared, lol)!]

I travel a lot with my job. I don't mind. I enjoy getting away from my wife. It is sufficient to say that my marriage was "on the rocks", but had been for years – I just wasn't ready to face up to it - so these trips were a welcome relief. 

I found myself in Brisbane, Australia several years ago, and although the days were hard work, I had a few good evenings to relax. People in Brisbane seem to take their fun seriously, and I often woke with raging hangovers, but always eager to do more. 

This particular evening I was to escort one of the new girls from the office to dinner. Or rather, it was an unwritten rule in the firm, that all visitors to the firm were escorted for evenings, so as not to be isolated. Her name was Bernice, and she was 22 years young. Even though Bernie had only been in the firm a few weeks, she was elected to be my escort for the evening. I didn't mind. 

At less than 5', and probably only 90 pounds, Bernie was a bit on the petite size for me, but she had a great smile, and happy personality (she did have a cute body though, I never miss the chance to view the ladies as I pass them by). I was 34 years old, and nearly old enough to be from another generation. But my dinner escort was decided. 

I had been in town for four nights and decided to stay close to the hotel, after several hot (temperature, Brisbane in summer gets to the high 100's) nights out. I suggested we simply meet at my hotel for drinks and a meal in the dining room. "Sure" she said, casually, and I left work to go back to my room and freshen up. We had agreed she would call on me at 7pm. 

I expected a call from her, from the lobby, to tell me she had arrived, but instead I heard a quiet knock on he door. Fuck, I wasn't dressed. I grabbed my pants and as I was zipping them up I opened the door. Bernie was standing there. 

"Hi," I said. "Do you mind if you come in for a few minutes, I had a quick nap when I got here, and am still running around getting ready?"

"Hi," she giggled, and she walked in to my room. "Sure, Bob, I don't mind. Take you time. "

I wasn't in a state of nakedness, or even indecently dressed, but hadn't got my shirt on yet. As I escorted her to the couch, I quickly grabbed my shirt and threw it on. I then turned to her and offered her a drink from the bar. 

"Sure, what you got?" she asked. 

I stumbled and mumbled through the bar list, and she took a beer, and I took one too. 

"Wow," she giggled. "You look embarrassed. Don't be. Slow down and take your time. I have seen men undressed before. " And she laughed, and blushed slightly. 

Now it was my turn to blush, lol. I finally managed to get my shirt on, and buttoned, while standing talking to her. Then in a total bout of forgetfulness, I opened my pants to tuck in my shirt. "Oh fuck, sorry," I said, then blushed anew as I turned my back to her to tuck in my shirt and finished dressing, zipping my pants up. "Bernie, I am so sorry I swore. " I said as I was dressing. 

As I turned around all I saw was her huge smile "Oh, you are a laugh," she giggled. "Relax, and get dressed, for fuck sakes, before you piss your pants. I have heard it all before. "

I finished dressing, we drank our first drink, and with very few more words we left the room. 

The dining room was very attractive, and quiet. We were escorted to a corner booth with a view over the city. After ordering pre-dinner drinks, and looking over the menu, and ordering, we sat back and relaxed. 

I really wasn't sure what we would talk about, except work, and I was resolved to not permit that topic. I also didn't really know how to talk to a young girl, no older than my own nieces. As I sat there making small, but inconsequential dialog, I did notice her outfit. 

I said earlier that Bernie was petite, but she did have cute body. Her cleavage certainly looked nice, because I was sitting looking at her cleavage right now. Her outfit was a low cut dress, and the swell of her reasonable sized breasts were definitely augmented by the garment. Definitely not the sort of clothes she wore to the office!

She noticed I was staring and said "Look all you want, Bob. I don't mind, and my boyfriend wondered how long it would take you, lol" 

"What.. eh … em … " I stammered. 

"My tits" she giggled. "I like men looking at my tits, so does my boyfriend. He and I had a bet on whether you would stare, and how long it would take you too. I won. "

I gulped down the last of my first drink and ordered a second. Bernie followed my lead. 

"Relax" she said. "It's ok to look. Really. If I didn't want you to look, I wouldn't have worn this dress. "

"Bernie, please," I said. "I... "

"Bob, stop, please. " She said. "I am totally relaxed with you. You don't need to apologize for looking. Let's just have some fun. "

The second drink came, and I gulped that down too. At this rate I would be on the floor in minutes but this was definitely not how I planned the evening to be. I admit I flirt, and laugh a lot, and would have with Bernie, but flirting and overt sexual activities are two different things. 

While the meal was served, conversation returned to stop-start topics, with my "no-work" resolve still in place. Yes, I did answer a few general questions about the firm for Bernie, but I was determined we would not spend three hours talking "Shop". 

I learned a few things from Bernie. She lived with her boyfriend, and had done for two years. He was a tour guide for a local tourist attraction, and they had met while on holiday. I told her a few minor things about my life back home, avoiding any "touchy" topics, especially my wife. 

As the meal finished, the waiter returned to ask if we wanted after dinner drinks. I ordered a Drambuie (Scottish liqueur), and after explaining what it was to Bernie, she ordered one too. Drambuie has a velvet smoothness as you drink it, followed by a warm sensation, as you swallow, then it hits you. Nice. Obviously, Bernie liked it because in no time we ordered a second each. 

The liquor was definitely making us both relax, and talk soon turned back to her tits. 

"Bob, you didn't need to blush when you were staring at my tits before," she said. "I like people looking at my tits. "

Here we go again, I though, as I felt the redness well up on my face. She laughed. 

"Let's get out of here," she said. "I wanna relax a little. I told my boyfriend I wouldn't be home till after midnight, and I don't want to sit here for another four hours. "

"Where do you want to go?" I asked, innocently. 

"Anywhere I can kick my shoes off," she replied. "Do you think we could get some of this sent up to your room? Your sofa was comfy. "

What? What should I do?

"Come on Bob, for god's sake," she said derisively. "Relax. "

So after paying the bill, arranging for a bottle of Drambuie, and tipping the waiter, we were back in my room. 

As soon as we entered the room, she kicked her shoes off, and ran over to the sofa. "Wow, that's better. My butt was getting numb from that damned seat. I don't have a lot of fat on my butt you know. " And she laughed. 

"Bernie, do you want a drink?" I asked as I went across the room to the bar. Most hotels don't have small liqueur glasses, only large wine glasses, and this one was no different. Liqueur is a potent drink, and usually drunk from shot glasses, slowly. I had to make do with the larger glasses, but knew to only pour a half inch in the bottom. 

"Sure, and I want you to relax. Kick of your shoes too. "

She really was quite attractive, and sitting there casually with her legs tucked under her, I will admit she looked very inviting. 

"Hey, Bob," she laughed, as she drank her third glass of fine scotch liqueur whisky. "The view from your room is great. You can nearly see where I live from here. " And she jumped up from the sofa and went over to the full length window. "Wow, how high up are we? I bet if you walked around naked no one would see you. " She laughed. 

I walked beside her, and looked out of the window. "Where do you live?" I asked. 

She took my finger and pointed towards the south-west. "Do you see that slight point in the bay, just over there," she pushed my hand. "About two blocks from there. "

I was standing close to her, and she was still holding my hand, and now leaning against me. I am only about 5'8", but with her petite size, and no shoes, her head was resting on my chest. I was just sanding there, supporting her, when I felt her tongue flick across my nipple, and she nipped my nipple with her teeth. I jumped. 

She giggled and ran back to the sofa, then sat there putting her fingers through her hair and stretching her neck to relax. 

I stood there looking at her, and she just laughed. As I was staring at her, I couldn't help notice she had hairy underarms! I knew some ladies didn't shave, but was surprised one so young didn't. 

"What you looking at now?" she teased. "You already seen my tits?"

"Well, no I haven't seen your tits, Bernie. " I responded. "I saw the swell of your tits only, and your cleavage. Sorry, I was just looking at your... em... your underarms. " I finally said. 

"Hey, you like them? My boyfriend loves them, and keeps telling me off for shaving them. " She giggled. "He also tells me off if I shave anywhere else too. " And she laughed sensually this time. "I guess everyone has there little turn-ons, lol. What's yours?"

My drink was finished, and she sprang of the sofa, and quickly refilled both of our glasses. I was sitting on the edge of the bed now and she was standing above me. 

I took a long drink, because the little minx had put about three inches in each of our glasses. I sat thinking about my answer. Should I be truthful, or should I respect her age?

"Come on, tell me. " She pouted, and drank the rest of her glass, turning back to refill it. 

"Bernie, I like tits. " I said it. It came out easily. 

At that, without warning, she leaned up and undid the button on her dress. Her dress fell to the ground and she stood there naked, except for a flimsy pair of sheer white panties. She stroked each of her tits, pinching her nipples, and smiled. "Look all you want Bob. Their yours. " And she ran back to the sofa. 

I just stared. At her hot breasts, large for her body, and at her dark nipples, also large, and erect. And I stared at her obviously hairy bush, transparent through her sheer panties. 

"Bernie," I stuttered, "Are you ok? Do you know what you're doing? You haven't had too much to drink, have you?"

As she sat there, she was still stroking and tweaking her tits. "Bob, it's ok. " She said. "I know I won't tell anyone about his, and I think you won't either, but I was sorta hoping we could have some fun tonight. I have never done it in a hotel room like this before, and something in me wants to. And I'll tell you a little secret. My boyfriend wanted me to seduce you, too. "

"What?" I asked quietly. 

"Sure, we both tell each other every time we fuck around. It's not a contest or anything like that, but it is nice to be with different people occasionally. It adds a bit of spice. And he thought I would want to fuck the "boss" from Head Office. Will you, please?"

I sat back, closed my eyes, and just tried to relax. When I opened my eyes she was standing, and with one thumb in each side of her sheer panties, she slipped out of her panties to now stand totally naked in front of me. 

Naked she looked stunning. Her whole body was small, but her tits were like beacons standing out in front. Maybe a C cup, and her snatch was hairier than any I had seen in recent years. She looked damned interesting. 

She noticed me looking at her pubic area. "Oh that," she laughed. "Silly bastard, he wants to see how long it gets. But it is bloody sweaty and annoying. I wish he would let me shave it, or at least trim it. But look all you want. It's all yours. "

And she bounded over to the bed and kissed me strongly. I didn't resist. As she kissed me I felt her fingers undo the buttons of my shirt, and she managed to pull my shirt out of my pants, and off as we kissed. I could feel her smooth breasts on my own skin, and I was getting very erect. 

She felt it too, because her hands wandered lower and started to stroke me through my pants. 

"Stand up, please," she purred. "I think you need to get more comfy. " And as I stood, she unzipped my pants, and released my cock. Then she undid my belt and slipped my pants down, and off. 

We were now both naked. She lowered her head and licked along the shaft of my cock. I felt myself get even harder, and then she leant up and kissed both of my nipples. 

"Lie down Bob," she said firmly, and as I did, she started to stroke my cock. 

I was lying on my back on the bed, and she was kneeling above me. I reached up and cupped one of her breasts, and stroked her soft skin. She gently slapped my hand away, and said, "Not now, it's my turn first. " And she returned to my cock. 

She took my cock in her mouth, and slowly started to suck on the head. As she slowly licked and sucked she used one hand to stroke my cock, and used her other hand to reach out for my nipples, and she pinched and pulled them gently. I closed my eyes and enjoyed her soft touches. Her mouth felt wonderful as she took more and more of my cock into her mouth, and slowly but surely she sucked and licked me to near-orgasm. Stopping and starting as I reacted to her touch, and tongue. 

I thought I was going to cum several times, but each time she paused and resumed, allowing several seconds between activities. I was straining at full erection. I thought I would explode soon, and wanted to cum so much. 

She adjusted her body, and I felt her legs straddle me. Ever so slowly, she lowered her body onto my hard cock, and soon took my whole cock into her wet hole. When I opened my eyes, she was riding on top of me, and fucking me slowly. 

Her tits were bouncing up above me, and her wet cunt was tightly holding my cock in place. She kept fucking me for several minutes, never increasing the pace, or pressure, then she climbed off me, and resumed sucking my now swollen, juice covered, cock. 

Then she turned her body as she continued sucking, and presented her hairy hole to my mouth. I eagerly took her offering, and starting giving her a tongue bath to rival her own wonderful mouth action. My tongue darted in and out of her wet hole, and I bit lightly on her inner lips as she pushed her whole body back into my face. I found her clit, and started to nibble gently on it. I also used my fingers to stroke her, and arouse her. 

Up until now she had been very quiet and determined, but as I bit on her clit, she started to moan, and cry out. She pushed her cunt back harder into my awaiting mouth. I never missed a beat, and I knew my cock was ready to explode. She knew too, and took me deeper into her mouth, as I came with a shudder. My cum flooded into her waiting mouth, and she sucked harder on my cock. She also pushed back further with her own sweet hole, and I felt her shudder too. 

I was slowly inserting two fingers into her fuck hole, as she shuddered, and bucked above me. We both came. 

I couldn't move, nor did I want to, and I think she couldn't either, because she just kept on sucking my now shrinking cock. Finally, she moved off me and turned to me and kissed me – deep, her tongue and mine meeting and sharing our juices. 

She lay beside me and whispered in my ear. "Thank you, Bob, I did enjoy that. "

To Be Continued... 