 Be aware, this is a story about love and passion, so it's probably not for you if you're looking for a quick way to get off! I thought it best to let you know that this entire series contains a mix of One-on-One, Group Sex, Lesbian Sex, and Anal, just in case that's not clarified by the category the stories are in. Also, everyone is 18 or over and is completely fictional. This is my first story so please, please, PLEASE leave feedback if you could!

Thanks, and enjoy!

****************************************

Vietnam, 4:33 pm

"Shit, do you see it!? Where is it coming from!?"

"There it is! Over there!"

"Get down, don't let it see you!"

"It?" Holly gave me a look like she knew what she wanted me to say.

"Fine, 'he'" I conceded, rolling my eyes, she giggled as she peeked over the window sill of our jeep.

"Why do we have to duck, I don't think we're going to scare him just by looking at him," she pouted slightly.

"No, probably not, but I just like messing with you when you get all flustered like that." I grinned at her, she slapped me across the arm, her pout becoming more pronounced and her brow furrowed.

"Oh, really?" I said as my expression changed to a mischievous smile. Holly's eyes widened as she instantly realized what trap she had walked into.

"Oh no. Danny, no, don't you- ah! No, stop it, stop ihihit...!" Holly could barely form coherent sentences as I tickled her side. And with her other side pressed up against the jeep door, she had nowhere to run. I took full advantage of that.

"Oh! Ah, Dan- Danny, please, ah!" I stopped tickling her and she laid against the door for a few seconds to catch her breath and regain her strength. I looked out the window as she did this and couldn't help but let out a triumphant "ah-ha!"

"Huh, what?" Holly muttered as she turned to look out the window. The monkey that had swooped out of the trees to land on a branch of a mango tree near the car had disappeared off into the jungle.

"I guess you did scare it off after all." I smirked triumphantly at her.

"Him," she corrected me. "Monkeys are people too."

She sat up straight in her seat as she said this. I was about to tell her how very untrue what she just said was, but I figured I might as well just leave it. I sat up in my seat and started the jeep back up. It was a long drive back to the hotel from here and I was dying for a shower. Vietnam sure was humid...

The Hotel, 5:14 pm

"Hurry up your little buns, we'll be late!" I called into the bathroom, teasing Holly about how long it takes her to get ready.

"It's like quarter after five, reservations aren't till six!" she called back out. She didn't sound annoyed, so at least she knew I was joking.

"How do you know what time it is," I asked her through the door, "you're in the shower."

"It was about five when I got in," she answered testily, "I can tell time you know!"

"Teenagers", I groaned, just loud enough so that she would be able to hear as the water shut off.

"What do you mean, 'teenagers'!? You're a teenager too, dumbass!" She yelled back.

I laughed at that, then flopped down on the queen-size bed waiting for her to get out of the bathroom so that I could shower. As I stared at the Asian-patterned ceiling I smiled to myself, thinking back on what a journey our lives had been. Holly and I were both 19, and right now we were travelling Asia for a few months before starting college. Holly and I were attending the same college since it wasn't too far from home, so you would think that we wouldn't mind some time apart before spending 4 more years together. But if you knew us, you would think the exact opposite.

Holly and I have been friends since I moved into the neighborhood at the age of 7. For the first 9 or so years, we had had a typical (but also very close) girl/boy friendship: a lot of teasing, making fun of each other, pulling on pigtails, etc. You get the point. But around my 17th birthday, when my then-girlfriend Taylor dumped me, I fell for Holly. Hard. At first she was just there for me, constantly comforting me, helping me out at school, visiting me day after day, and doing things with me all the time to take my mind off of the breakup. And, for her, I think, that's all it was. But for me, that's when things changed.

At first, I thought I was just being silly. I had a lot of reasons to believe my feelings for Holly weren't genuine; I was rebounding, hurting, vulnerable. She was being so caring and motherly about the whole thing, but I was just mistaking my gratitude towards a best friend for other feelings. I thought that must have been it. But then I started comparing. Comparing my experiences with Taylor to those that I had had with Holly. I'd always assumed that the warm feeling I got inside when I saw Holly was just a deep friendship, but it occurred to me in those moments that I never got that feeling, or anything even remotely close when I was with Taylor, even though I had thought that I loved her. The realizations all came at once and flooded my mind, and I was all of a sudden in love with my best friend.

But the worst part, the part that I would always regret, was that I did nothing about it. I was scared. I knew our bond was close, but I also knew women were generally more emotional than men. Because of that, I doubted my ability to judge whether or not she felt the same way I felt, and, since I was loathe to do any little thing that could ruin our friendship, I simply did nothing. Of course, that didn't stop me from throwing in the odd hint here and there to gauge her reactions. In a way, our relationship grew to a new level because of it, but it was still one step shy of where I wanted it to be. I wonder what she was thinking when I showed her my new favourite song, "Lucky I'm In Love With My Best Friend"...

"Ta da! How do I look?" Holly asked as she burst out the bathroom door.

She was wearing a gorgeous purple dress that cut off slightly above the knees. It was tight and revealing, but not enough to get anyone in trouble. I was gonna be in trouble though if I couldn't peel my eyes away from her wonderful 34C breasts and adorable bubble butt. Actually, that word was perfect for Holly. Adorable. She had the cutest face, button nose, and a hint of freckles across her cheeks. Best of all, she was only 5'6". I like shorter girls. Her hair was brown and it hung just below her shoulders. Now, however, it was styled simply but very effectively to hang straight and curl at the ends, and it hung slightly over her right eye. 

"Stunning." Was all I could get out, as my voice cracked from both her striking beauty and the lingering thoughts of my true feelings for her. She must have been expecting a bit more playful banter as she gave a quizzical look at my serious expression, but then she smiled at the compliment.

"Thanks," she said sincerely. "I'm going to go finish putting on my earrings, just give me one second!"

I grabbed my clothes as she rushed back into the bathroom and turned to enter just as she came darting out. We bumped into each other and laughed, then I closed the door to the bathroom and turned on the hot water in the shower.

The Restaurant, 5:58 pm

Once we got down to the restaurant and got seated, we were right on time. Holly didn't let me forget it either, even though she knew I had only been joking upstairs.

The conversation was great. We ate, talked, laughed, planned our flight tomorrow and talked about college. The entire time I could feel my body start to ache, and as the evening wore on, the ache got worse and worse. I was longing for Holly. My heart hurt, and that hurt was spreading through my blood to the rest of my body. Whenever this happened to me I always tended to start pushing the boundaries of our friendship, just to test the waters, so to speak. I would say things and ask question to gauge a reaction. But I was always careful enough to never say anything that could push things too far.

"Hey Holly?" I asked after finishing a bite of my beef noodle soup.

"Hm?" she replied, still finishing a bite of her spring roll.

"How come you've never had a real boyfriend before?" I asked the question with as much "genuine" curiosity as I could, but she still seemed put off by it.

After finishing her bite she replied, "Well... I guess I've just, never found someone I like..." Her voice trailed off before the last word. Then she refocused herself and continued, "I mean, one day it will happen for sure, but I don't know when... I hope it's soon though..." Holly had kept eye contact with me through that entire sentence, and it made me very uncomfortable. Not because of the eye contact per se, but because the ache in my body had just increased to a very uncomfortable level. I did something then that I hadn't done in over 3 years. I cast away my doubts and shed myself of the excuses that I was making in my head, the only things that had kept me from doing what could either be the best or worst thing of my entire life. I wanted Holly and I'd be damned if she didn't want me back, and tonight I was going to tell her. Get it all out in the open. I would do it tonight, before we left Vietnam, but that just left the how of it all. It needed to be special, and I had an idea right then.

We finished up dinner in a slightly more subdued mood, although we still talked and laughed together, but there was a tension in the air. It didn't bother me though. In fact, it was making me happier by the minute. It meant that I wasn't the only one so strongly affected by the comments she had made. We put the meal on our tab and Holly went to go back up to the hotel room, but I grabbed her arm.

"Hold up," I said with a smile. Holly's expression was hard to read. She was smiling, curious and hopeful, all at the same time.

"What's up?" she asked.

"Let's go outside," I replied. "I want to head up that trail everyone's been talking about."

Holly gave me a smile as I led the way out the small hotel's backdoor, we walked in silence for a good 15 minutes down a little trail that went from the back of the hotel out into a large park. We passed all sorts of things; ponds filled with frogs that jumped back into the water or onto lily pads as we passed, a flock of little birds in a tree the chirped quietly as we walked by, and I chuckled and Holly giggled in awe as a large cloud of bats suddenly flew overhead. It was around 7:00 when we arrived, so the sun was just about to set when we finally reached the top of a small hill. There was a bench that was just perfect. It overlooked a large section of the park so we could see over all the scattered trees and watch the sun as it set behind distant mountains. All around us, crickets chirped an evening song.

We sat down quietly next to each other. We had been holding hands playfully on the way up, but now Holly was squeezing my hand more tightly. She sighed slightly as she repositioned herself so that she could more easily lean on my shoulder, and I was more than happy to help out. For a minute or two, we sat enthralled as the sun set ever so slowly, watching the glowing circle disappear little by little. I had worked up a little impromptu speech in my head on the walk up here, but I was still very nervous. I was sure my facial expressions were changing every couple of seconds, and I was glad that Holly couldn't see. Finally, I decided I just needed to get it started, then see how the ball would roll.

"So, Holly," I said very lightly, so as not to startle her due to the long silence. 

I felt her tense up next to me ever so slightly. Oddly enough, the reaction only made me more confident, and I continued a little more boldly.

"about what you said back there. At dinner, I mean, about why you've never had a proper boyfriend before. It's not..." I paused to gather some courage quickly before continuing, "it's not because of me is it...?" 

I asked tentatively, my eyes shut, not being able to bear whatever might come next. But that's when I heard it. The smallest sniffle, amplified greatly in the silence of the setting sun. My head quickly looked down at the girl resting on my shoulder, and I felt her body jerk with another tiny sob. I was horrified. If I had been thinking more clearly I would have realized that this reaction was probably a positive sign, but all I could think was that I had somehow made Holly cry, and with my speech so carefully planned out, this unexpected reaction caused me to panic a little.

"Oh, oh my god, Holly I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to-" I stopped for a second. "Uh, wait what did I do?" I asked nervously.

I only heard the rush of air for a split second before her lips were on mine, locking me in a passionate kiss while her hands grabbed me and hung loosely around my neck. My senses were temporarily overloaded, but as soon as I regained control I realized just how important it was that I kiss her back. Not that I was opposed to the idea. I began to move my lips with hers, easily building up a rhythm. Her lips were so soft and tender that my tongue was forced to wander out to taste them, feel them. My tongue met hers at our joining point and they decided to explore each other instead, curling around and around each other while our lips mashed together. The taste of tears mixed with her strawberry lip gloss brought me back to my senses, and I now had time to question why she crying. But before I could answer my own question, Holly quickly pulled herself off me and sat back on her heels.

"Oh no. Oh no no no... I didn't mean-" she started. Now it was her turn to panic. " I'm so sorry, Danny, I'm so- I didn't know, I mean- I mean when you asked, and I, and I thought-"

Though I was still shell-shocked from the kiss, the sudden change of heart on her part, and now her ramblings, I still was able to realize that it was my turn to take control of the situation.

She probably only heard the rush of air for a split second before my lips were on hers, and I pulled her into an equally passionate kiss in an attempt to reassure her that her actions were greatly appreciated. Like I was before, she was stunned for a second, but quickly started reciprocating when she realized that I was doing this of my own accord. As the kiss drew out, we both grew more and more passionate and giddy, smiles creasing both our faces as we poured years of feelings into that one moment. To this day, I can easily say that it was the single best kiss of my life.

It was also the most difficult kiss of my life, because for anything I could have done, I could never have conveyed all of my passion and emotion into that one kiss. But that doesn't mean I didn't try. Both of us were desperately trying to up the ante on the kiss, but eventually we conceded before it got sloppy, found a rhythm that we found suitable and settled in for the time being. The kiss lasted for about 5 more minutes before Holly pulled away, grabbed my hands and leaned back. She was still crying a little but the tears had subsided. Now she was looking at me intently, her face set in a smile that was barely holding back the tears of joy she wanted to pour out. Then she laughed. I was so confused, but she just kept laughing. Finally I started to speak but before I could, Holly pulled us back together and spun me around, flinging me off the bench and making me land on my back on the ground below. She was gentle though, so it didn't hurt, and then she fell on top of me. I let out an "oomph" and a chuckle before she buried her face in mine again.

After another 10 minute kiss we were both tired and I know that my face was really starting to hurt! We gave each other one final peck before she rolled off me and cuddled up next to me as we watched the first stars appear in the sky. Feeling her pressing herself against me with the love and adoration that was felt mutually between us was maddening. I just wanted to kiss her again, and then again, and then once more, and make it last until we died there. Finally, Holly broke me out of reverie when she asked "How long has it been for you?"

The question confused me. What did she mean how long? She wasn't seriously implying sex, was she? This new situation brought up all sorts of new worries, wants and questions, before she finally clarified her question.

"I mean, how long have you... loved me?" She said the last two words so quietly and with the cutest smile that my heart nearly exploded. That was exactly what it was. There was no other way of putting it to make it sound better. I was in love with Holly, my best friend.

"If I were going to be honest, I would say from the very beginning." I smiled and she giggled, but I added afterward, "But I first realized it a few years ago, when Taylor broke up with me. The way you cared for me then, helped me... I tried to deny it, I've been trying all this time because I didn't want to ruin anything... but that was when I guess I really knew..." I smiled off into the distance before realizing I hadn't asked her.

"How about you?" I turned and smiled at her head nuzzled against my bicep. She turned her adorable little face with those big blue eyes up at me to answer.

"15," she answered quietly. Her tears had subsided now and she looked happy, obviously reveling in the unreal situation, as I was doing. 

"Remember when Jeremy Baldridge from down the street was yelling at me because I accidentally stepped on his Gameboy?" I nodded yes.

"When he shoved me, and you came up and started yelling at him... I don't know if you noticed, but I was staring at you the whole time. I just watched as you defended me. You were so angry, but all I could hear was how much you cared for me... then you threatened to tie his esophagus into a knot if he ever touched me again." Holly giggled at that.

I chuckled with her as I remembered the day. I really was angry at him. It had taken everything to hold myself back from socking him right in the nose. 

I leaned down to kiss my best friend, before looking into her eyes one last time to confirm that this was all real.

"Hey Holly?" I asked.

"Hm?"

I grinned, "Race you to the hotel!"

I got up quickly and heard her squeal behind me, shouting 'no fair!' We ran for a short distance before I had to stop and catch my breath. I wasn't out of shape, but I wasn't exactly a track star either. I stayed healthy, and, best of all, my part time job at my uncle's furniture store had given a nice, subtle tone to my muscles. Cardio was still an issue though.

Holly stopped beside me as she caught her breath. We both leaned against separate trees, until we could finally breathe again, then I pulled Holly into a hug and gave her a lingering kiss. I looked at her for a few seconds before announcing that we should got shower after rolling around in the dirt. Holly nodded in agreement and we held hands as we walked back to our hotel room.

The Hotel, 8:08 pm

I let Holly take the first shower this time, and I sat on the edge of the bed and smiled. And then just like that, I was laughing. It wasn't loud but I couldn't stop it, like it was coming from a part of me I was unaware of. When Holly finally came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around her, I had my legs dangling off the edge of the bed, grinning and giggling to myself like an idiot. Holly bent over me with a big smile on her face and gave me a small kiss.

"Go shower my dirty lover, and then we can play some more!"

"Listen to you!" I said with a surprised smile. "Are you my lover now?" I asked her teasingly so I didn't quite expect the answer I got.

"From now on, I can be whatever you want me to be" she taunted, her smile wicked as she sauntered to the closet to get something to change into. She picked out a pair of purple boy shorts with white elastic trim and a matching T-shirt that I know from experience she'd caught me staring at her breasts in. She winked at me as she closed the bathroom door behind, only to emerge a minute later in her daring ensemble. I had drifted off into my own mind while she was in there, exhausted from the emotions and activities of the day. But I was jolted back when Holly's button nose and big blue eyes appeared inches from my own.
