 You open the door and step through. The candles on the nightstands are lit, they offer up their fragrance to us. Just a hint of Jasmine and Rose, nothing overpowering, but enough to awaken the senses. Classic jazz is playing softly in the background, the notes wafting upon the air and curling around you. The drapes are drawn, but billow from the slight breeze coming in from outside.

You look over to the corner and see the candlelight dancing in the full length mirror. You eyes return to the bed and you see that the comforter is turned down, the crisp sheets revealed and inviting. Your eyes move to me as I stand beside the bed in my short black velvet robe, a smile spreads across your face, matching the one on mine. You turn and close the door quietly and walk to me. 

You stand before me and I tremble slightly as you lean down to kiss me. Our lips meet gently and my mouth opens slightly to welcome your warm, probing tongue. You take me into your arms and hold me close to you as our tongues explore. You kiss my neck, slowly reaching up to move my robe exposing my shoulder, and place light kisses and nibbles on my skin.

I am on tip-toe and my knees become weak as I respond to your kisses and your arm around my waist holds me even closer to you. Your hand moves down my body and you trace my breast under the fabric of my robe...a slight gasp escapes me. You hold me with one arm while the other moves to the belt of my robe to untie it. All the while we exchange passionate kisses; I ache for your touch as we kiss.

You slowly pull the belt and my robe opens for you, exposing my breast. You cup it with your hand and bend down to take my hardened nipple into your mouth. So soft and warm, you slide your tongue around it.

Your grip is firm on my waist, my fingers are in your hair as you tease and devour my breast. You move your hand from my breast and down around to my bare ass, sliding your fingers along the split between my cheeks and up the small of my back, along my spine. Then move both hands down to my ass, cupping it and pulling me into you. I grip your arms to steady myself and feel your hardness against me.

I move my hands down to touch your cock. I can feel the heat rise from your cock, even before I release it. You are straining against the fabric of your jeans as I unzip them and slide them down your legs. The veins in your cock are bulging and I see pre-cum glistening on the tip of you. I tease the tip of your cock with my tongue and taste you. Musky, intoxicating...I have you firmly in my hand as I take you slowly into my mouth. I hear a long, deep hiss escape through your lips as you feel my lips cover you.  You watch as you disappear into my mouth, inch by delicious inch. Mmmm, so hard. I can feel you pulsate on my tongue. I begin to move back and forth along the length of you --your cock glistening. You hold my hair out of the way so you can see better and I look up at you....you see the passion in my eyes. 

You pull me up to standing and guide me backwards to the bed. I sit on the edge of the bed and continue to devour your hard cock, taking you deep within my mouth. You are running your hands over my shoulders, through my hair, and fondling my breasts as I fuck you with my mouth. You pinch and lightly pull on my nipples. I am so very wet! I can tell you are enjoying my mouth on you.

You take hold of my hair and tell me to lie back. You take hold of my legs and spread them so you can see my wet, wet pussy. A sly smile spreads across your face. You flick my piercing gently with your tongue and taste my wetness, knowing that you are the cause. You hold my legs apart, knowing that once you bring me over the edge I'll want to squeeze them together.

You suck my moist lips like honey off your finger. Then you flick my piercing again with your tongue, tracing my lips with the tip of your fingers as you apply just a little more tongue pressure. You hear me moan with pleasure and feel my hips rise slightly as I meet your mouth. You can feel my juices start to soak your chin and you look up to see me squeezing and pulling at my heaving breasts while you lightly lick my honey pot.

As I enjoy the motions of your tongue, I feel a finger slip inside me, shortly followed by another, and I gasp with pleasure and anticipation. You slide your fingers in and out with long, deep strokes. I am on fire while you tease me with your tongue and finger my pussy. Your free hand roams up my stomach, palming my breast, squeezing and teasing my very hard nipple. I want to feel you...want to take you deep inside me...feel your body pressed against mine. 

You feel one of my legs move beneath you as you kneel between my legs, my toes caress your rock hard cock, sliding down beneath your balls, then back up the thick vein on the bottom. Rather than come to me, you grab my hips and pull me roughly towards you. You lean over and slip your tongue across mine. You grip your cock and rub the throbbing head over my piercing and hardened clit. I run my hands down your chest and around your waist to your ass, attempting to pull you into me. You let me get as much as the very head of you in, then you stop.

You look at me, you want to see my eyes burn with uncontrollable lust. With the desire to be filled with you. I look at you, you see it! You know I need to feel you! You wrap your arms around my waist, arching my back off the bed and pulling me up to face you. We are face to face; you are only barely inside me. You keep looking me in the eyes as you thrust up, burying every inch of you deep inside me. Ohhhh! So full, so hard, so wet! Your thrusts aren't fast, but they're long, deep, and passionate.

My arms wrapped around your neck, knees bent, ankles crossed over the small of your back, teeth grazing across your shoulder and neck, it is so very hard to resist biting you....I give little nibbles to satisfy the urge somewhat. I feel my ass in your hands, fingers spreading my cheeks wide as I roll my hips to meet your thrusts. I dig my nails into your flesh as the pleasure of feeling your cock deep inside me heightens even further. My breasts begin to sweat lightly, sliding up and down your chest.

My juices flowing out onto my thighs and down your clean shaven balls. I uncross my ankles and lean forward onto you, falling slowly on top and now you find yourself beneath me and as I smile, you smile back; you know how much I love riding your cock. Slowly at first...the tempo increasing as I ride you, taking you deeper with each stroke. Your whole body flexes. You can't take your eyes off me and the motion of my body as I devour you. Your hands find my softly bouncing breasts and your fingers run across my hard nipples. You are surprised by the look in my eyes...the lust, the passion, the desire...I am a woman filled.

I can see you are enjoying how my pussy has enveloped your hardness, such a perfect fit. I begin to use my Keigels...slowly squeezing you with each upward stroke...releasing with the downward. I rake my nails across your chest as I grind my pussy down onto your cock. Now, passion has taken over as the animal instinct emerges. I rock back and forth on your cock as I feel you rubbing against my g-spot. You can feel the changes deep within my pussy and can tell I am close to the edge. Now, I am no longer in control of my muscles...they are milking you, contracting around you....as I reach the point of no return.

I grind against you, feel you deep within, there is nothing else around us...no candles, no music...just the sensations and scents. You see it in my eyes. You sit up, grabbing me by the hair and pulling my head back just in time. I want to scream, but what comes are strained, broken moans. My moans escape me, a voice I do not recognize, animalistic, unreal. I feel you tighten below me...preparing to fill me up.

As if erupting, I feel you...first in your balls as you pump my pussy full of your cum, then your entire body. You bury your face in my breasts and groan, releasing everything into me. I feel the spurts deep within me and the rumble in your throat as you cum. You hold me tight, and I return the embrace. Moments later as we lie next to each other, your arms around me, my head upon your chest, our bodies intertwined, we drift to sleep as the summer breeze kisses our glistening bodies, knowing that the morning will once again bring us ecstasy.