 I don't quite know what it is about you. You'd think that after being together for as long as we have that the physical aspect of our relationship would begin to dwindle. We've been in the "comfortable stage" for quite awhile now. Despite that, however, when you climb into bed with me at night I still feel compelled to touch you. 

I don't want to just roll over and go to sleep. I want to curl into the crook of your arm, my head resting on your bare shoulder. I want to talk quietly about nonsense things, the deep sound of your soothing voice rumbling through my body while my hand playfully glides over your tummy. 

You have such a smooth sexy voice. I'm fairly certain you could make me orgasm just from speaking the right words. Your voice gets all gruff and erotic when you try to speak when you're aroused. I love it. And don't even get me started on the noises you make when we have sex and when you cum. Oh, i could spend hours praising you on that. 

I like rubbing your belly when we talk at night. I don't know why, but I find it oddly comforting. I like to stray my fingers after awhile, though. Up your chest, down your arms, down your torso and thighs, then back up again. This always seems to be what kicks us off. 

My slow exploring hands moving the length of your body. Slowly but surely decreasing the breadth of my reach until I'm only stroking your thighs and lower abdomen, never quite touching your manhood. The longer I do this the more the blood rushes down and fills you. Only when I have you sufficiently hard do I touch you. Sometimes I just tenderly glide my fingers up the shaft. Sometimes I only stroke your balls, still leaving your cock untouched for the moment. Sometimes I just plainly grip it firmly and begin to stroke. 

No matter the way I do it, I'm always rewarded with either a low moan or a sharp intake of breath. That alone is enough to encourage me on. I love feeling you stiffen further in my hands. I find it very satisfying to know that I can please you like that. Sometimes around this point you'll ask me for my mouth. Usually, though, you patiently wait until I do that on my own. You know it will happen whether you ask for it or not. 

I wind up loving you with my mouth almost every time we fuck. I know that there are some women who find this bothersome or demeaning. But not me. Knowing that with just the right amount of pressure applied with my tongue while you are sliding in and out of my mouth I can render you utterly helpless.... I find that incredibly empowering and sexy. I know you like to be licked, so that's usually how I start. I'll lick all the way up your shaft with one long stroke. I'll tickle your balls with the tip of my tongue. I'll whirl my tongue around the head teasingly. 

Then I position myself right above you and slip my lips as far down your cock as I can. As I bob my head up and down your thick dick I press my tongue along the underside for pressure and stability. I place my hands on your hips so they don't obstruct your view. I know how much you like to watch me suck you using only my mouth. I'll eventually begin to use my fingers as well, fisting your cock in tandem with my lips. 

It's usually around this point that I have a decision to make. Do I finish you with my mouth or do I climb aboard? I love to feel your body quake when you explode into my throat. But this time I decide the other route. I release the suction from my lips and move so that my whole body is poised above yours. I straddle your hips and glide onto your firm dick. I like to watch your face as I move my hips back and forth. Your eyes dilate and you look up at me with a look of utter passionate bliss on your face that I find so endearing. 

You reach up and cup my breasts in your hands and thumb my nipples. Now it's my turn to groan. Oh, it feels so good. My thrusts get more forceful. My pussy is sopping wet. You move to sit up and without saying one word I already know what you want. We switch positions so that I'm now laying with you hovering over me, your powerful forearms on either side of my head. You kiss me when you enter me. After a moment or two you bury your face in my neck and I can feel your body tense as your climax draws near. 

But you're not ready for that yet. So you stop, grip my wrists, and hold them out so that I can't move. You then lean down and take one hard nipple into your mouth. Feeling your talented tongue flicking my nipple while your cock throbs inside my dripping cunt makes me start to buck my hips. Hard. I want to fuck you. I want you to take me hard. But you just patiently hold me down and move to my other breast. My body writhes with the need for release. Yet you continue to hold me there and let it build in me. 

When you do a allow me to move again it's to roll me over on my hands and knees. Your fingers grip the sides of my ass firmly as you once again slide into me. You gingerly press my shoulders down onto the bed, but leave my ass perked high in the air. This is our favorite position. 

The closer you get to cumming the harder you get. Occasionally you'll lean forward to play with my stiff nipples or place kisses and teasing licks on my neck and shoulders. But you prolong it as much as you can. I always know when you're getting close because of the changes in your pace. I love it when you stroke long, slow, but firm. I reach down between my legs and move my fingers over my slippery clit. It's so swollen and feels so good to touch. 

Upon seeing this you give a primitive grunt and give my ass a nice little smack. I whimper and stroke myself more and more furiously. Your cock is so thick and hard in my achingly swollen pussy. It feels absolutely amazing. I can't hold back anymore and cum hard on your dick. My face is buried in my pillow and I moan and whimper as my orgasm is prolonged by the force of your body slamming down on my cunt. 

I feel you slow down, but only for a brief moment. You apparently can't hold on anymore either. Within just a few more thrusts you cry out and spill all you have deep into me. We lay next to each other kissing and twitching with the aftershocks. 

We must have done that a million times throughout the course of our time together. I've never become bored with it. And I hope to always be addicted to your body and your love as I am now.