 Judy passed away this past spring and I will miss her. She was the most sensual woman I have ever known. This story is not only about her it is a expression of our special relationship. We kept it secret because she was a very private person and was afraid that her wild side would embarrass her children, who were more important to her than anything else in the world. She even kept her illness from them until it was so obvious that she couldn't hide it any more. I never got to say good bye in her last few months because she spent them with her children, as it should have been.

I first met Judy at work. Judy was 8 years older than I and divorced. She worked in the office. One of her jobs was to sort the mail every morning. The first time I talked to her was when she asked me if she could borrow a magazine, that I had sent work, because there was an article in it about a baseball player. Judy loved baseball. The magazine was dedicated to digital photography and the baseball player was an avid digital camera guy. To give you an idea of how long ago this was people still smoked in the office.

Judy lit a cigarette and smiled and said "He is one of my heroes I love him!" 

"I don't follow baseball." I said. 

"You don't? Why?" Judy asked.

"I don't follow sports I keep myself busy with my side business making videos for people." I said.

"Videos? Like weddings and that sort of thing?" Judy asked.

"Well I've done family reunions and a couple of parties but no weddings, but most of my business involves private videos." I replied.

Judy grinned and made a circle with her thumb and fore finger and then poked the forefinger of her other hand in and out of the circle and said "private?" 

I blushed and said " yes!" 

"That could be interesting!" Judy said. "I would like to see some of your work sometime." 

I said "I don't keep copies most people want the originals as well as the finished product."

Our boss came out of her office and we change the subject immediately.

"Thank you I'll return it to you tomorrow." Judy said.

"No hurry." I said.

I went back to my office and forgot about our conversation. 

Three days later Judy came to my office with my magazine just at lunch time. Judy was proud of her Irish heritage and usually wore a claddagh necklace. She was only 5 feet tall and had blonde hair and light blue eyes. Judy was fairly thin with a nice set of fairly large breasts that she tried to hide, why, I don't understand. She usually wore slacks or a long skirt and a loose top. She had her usual cigarette going. Judy was a heavy smoker and drank quite a bit as well.

"Thank you for lending me this magazine I love to learn as much about baseball players as I can." Judy said and went to have her lunch. 

It was raining Friday morning, it does almost every day in the spring in upstate New York, or so it seems. I was looking forward to a quiet weekend I had no plans other than catching up on my reading, I had purchased a new Jack Higgins book. 

The work day seemed to be painfully long. The boss called her usual 4:30 meeting for supervisors, she did that just to make sure no one left early. I finally left the office at 5:15 and headed to my car. Judy was standing next to her car she had her umbrella opened and the hood of her car up. She was looking inside the engine compartment and shaking her head. 

"Do you need any help?" I asked.

Judy kicked the front tire and said "The stupid thing won't start and the battery is only a year old." 

"Does it turn over?" I asked. 

Judy looked at me she was very, very angry "I hope it rolls over and dies!" She said and lit a cigarette. 

"Let me see if I can help." I said and got in her car and turned the key. It turned over but not fast enough to get it to start. "I'll have you going in a couple of minuets." I said. I moved my truck in front of her car and hooked up my jumper cables. Then I started her car. I unhooked the cables and said "Your battery terminals need to be cleaned and from what I can see you need to get this thing tuned up." 

"I know but they want a lot of money to do that." She said. "I cant afford to tie it up for a whole day either." 

I thought about it for a couple of seconds and said "I can do I for you if you want, all you would have to pay for is the parts and they cost a lot less from the parts store than the dealership." 

Judy smiled and said "That would be very kind of you and I would appreciate it." 

I said "It's supposed to be nice tomorrow I could do it then if you like."

"There is a Yankee game on tomorrow I don't want to miss it." She said.

I laughed and said. "Don't worry I don't watch baseball and I don't mind helping people out." 

"You can do it in my garage if you like." Judy said. 

I closed the hood of her car and asked where she lived . She told me and suggested that noon would be a good time to start. I agreed and checked the windshield registration so I could be sure what year her car was.

She gave me a quick peck on my cheek and said "Thanks Rick you're an angel." 

The next morning I went to the parts store and got the parts that I needed, every thing for a tune up as well as an air filter, and oil filter and oil, a gas filter, windshield wipers and a fan belt . I already had carburetor cleaner. I loaded my tools and floor jack and jack stands in my pickup truck. 

I found Judy's house easily enough, I have no sense of direction, and backed into her driveway. Judy came out before I had stopped. She was dressed exactly as I was blue jeans and black T-shirt and sneakers. She had her usual cigarette in her mouth. The only thing that surprised me was that she didn't have her glasses on.

She pointed to me and laughed. "Looks like we are coordinated!" "How much did the parts cost?" She asked. 

I took a receipt from my pocket that only had the air filter and oil filter on it I lied and said "$20.75." I knew she had three kids in college and couldn't afford all the stuff I had purchased for her car.

"Wow that is a lot cheaper than the dealership." Judy said. "I'll give you a check if that's OK?" 

"That's fine with me." I said. "I'll need the keys to the car I have to warm it up to change the oil." 

Judy handed me the keys and said "I really appreciate this Rick. Would you like a beer or something?"

I said. "Coffee would be better. It's a bit early for me to have a beer." 

"Black?" She asked.

"That would be great." I said and noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra and for the first time I noticed that she had a nice set of tits. Not bad I said to myself for a woman in her forties. I was 36 at that time. 

Her garage was bigger than I had expected, it was a two car wide garage with one big door, I moved her car to the middle so I could work around it and started it to warm it up.

"At least it started." She said as she handed me a mug of coffee. "It almost didn't when I left my fathers last night. He thinks I should trade it in on a new car but I can't afford that."

"Don't worry I said It will be much better when I'm done with it." I started to unload the stuff from my truck . 

Judy looked at my floor jack and asked what it was. I told her and she shrugged her shoulders and said "I though only gas stations had those things."

"I bought it from a gas station that going out of business." I said. 

"Well the game is about to start, there is more coffee in the kitchen, if you need help just ask." Judy said. She went back into her house. 

It was four that afternoon when I finished. I had checked everything I could think of and the car was in pretty good shape. I had adjusted the brakes and lubed the chassis and even the door, hood, and trunk hinges. 

Judy came out just as I put the last of my tools back on my truck. 

She had a big grin on her face and a beer in her hand. "The Yankees won! I love that team!" 

"Great I said I'm done and I think you will be happy with the car for a while." 

"I wish you could do something with the brakes it pulls to the right." Judy said.

I laughed and said "I adjusted the brakes they should work better now."

"WOW thanks!" She said "Can I take it for a test drive?"

"Of course I said I'll move my truck" 

Judy took the car out and came back ten minutes later and parked it in her garage. She ran over to me and gave he a kiss on the lips and said. "It's better than when I first got it! Thank you so much!" 

"I've got to clean up I said and then I'll get out of your hair. I have a new book I want to read." I said. 

Judy said. "You can take a shower here if you want to."

I said. "That would be a good idea if you don't mind."

Judy smiled and said. "After all the work you did for me. Why would I mind?"

"Thanks I said a shower would be nice." 

Judy showed me to the upstairs bathroom. I stripped and got into the shower. The hot water felt good. Suddenly Judy pulled the shower curtain open she was naked and she got in behind me.

"I thought you could use some help." She said as she soaped up my cock and balls. "I want these clean so I can play with them. She noticed the shocked look on my face. "I hope you aren't offended." She said. 

I laughed and said. "No I'm just surprised and pleasantly surprised I should say." 

"Good." Judy said as she stroked my hard cock. "I need this, it's been a while since I had one."

I turned around and said. "Nice tits I didn't know they were so large." I licked on her nipples and she moaned and hugged me tightly.

Judy held up her tits and said. "36D! I just don't like men starring at them. I need a man badly!" She said as she stroked my cock.

"I hope I'll do." I said 

"Oh yes! Your just about perfect." Judy said as I rubbed her butt.

We got out of the shower after we rinsed off and dried each other. 

Judy said. "Come over here said the spider to the fly." She had a big grin on her face. She showed me to her bed room. It was small and had a queen sized bed which took up most of the room. Judy pointed to the bed and said. "I wanted a king sized bed but it wouldn't fit in the room. I like to be comfortable when I sleep." 

"Nice I said I have a king sized bed at home, but I usually date women that are much bigger than you are."

"I know she said I've heard about you and Mary and Jackie."

"You have?" I said. 

"Yes Mary and Jackie were friends of mine, don't worry no one else knows." Judy said with a funny grin.

Mary and Jackie were women that also worked at the same place I do.

We started to kiss and feel each other. Judy was excited, her nipples were hard and her pussy was already quite wet. Her breathing was faster and more shallow than normal. I sucked on her nipples as I fingered her pussy. She arched her back and I moved down and started to suck on her clit as I fingered her pussy. Judy was pinching her own nipples as I worked on her pussy and clit. She came moving her hips up and down as she moaned and groaned. She kept on pushing her crotch harder and harder into my mouth. 

"Damn she said if my ex did that we'd still be together." 

I stuck my tongue as deep as I could in her cunt and rubbed her clit hard with a finger. She screamed and pulled on the back of my head as she came again.

"Holy shit!" Judy screamed. "I'm cumming again!" 

She jerked her hips and twisted her body left and right and screamed and moaned and squeezed my head with her thighs for a good twenty seconds before she stopped.

"Please stop! Please stop! I have to catch my breath." Judy cried. 

I stopped and she just shook for another minute while I rubbed her already hard nipples.

"Damn I haven't cum like that in years!" Judy whimpered. "Mary and Jackie were right you are a good cunt lapper."

"I'm almost afraid to ask what the told you about me." I said.

"Later, Judy said, I need to feel your hard cock in me now."

"Do you have any condoms?" I asked. 

"No do you?" Judy asked. 

"No all I expected t o do today was work on your car and then go home." I said 

"Well I'm clean." She said. "I had my tubes tied after I had my daughter so as long as your clean we don't have anything to worry about." 

I was so horny that I almost didn't care. "I'm clean as well so lets go!" I said.

"I like it doggie style but no anal I don't do anal." Judy said as she got on her knees and thrust her butt up in the air.

"What ever turns you on." I said and got behind her and slipped my hard cock slowly into her hairy cunt.

"Oh That feels so good!" Judy said and pushed back. "Just hold still for a second or two I like the feel of a hard cock in me." Judy said as she caught her breath. "Now slowly move your cock I like to start slow and work my way up." 

Judy said and moved her hips in a small circle as I stroked my cock in and out.

"Faster now but not to fast." I don't want to cum yet." Judy said as her breathing increased speed. 

I gradually increased the speed of my cock movements to match the speed of her hip movements. "I'm about to cum!" I said.

Judy moaned and screamed. "Jesus I'm about to explode don't cum just yet!" 

I concentrated on controlling myself. Then she pushed back so hard that I wound up on my back with her on top of me.

"Now!" She said. "Stroke as fast as you can!"

I pushed as hard and fast as I could and she came bouncing up and down like a wild woman.

We both came at the same time.

"Shit, Shit! Oh! Shit!" Judy screamed and stopped bouncing and just sat on me, my limp cock still inside her. I was having a hard time breathing with her just sitting straight up her back arched. She shook and quivered for a couple of minutes before she finally got off of me. 

"Thank you I needed that. That was the best orgasm I've ever had!" Judy said out of breath.

"It was awesome for me as well." I said happy that I could breath again. "Lets take another shower and then go some place for dinner." I said. 

Judy looked at me and said. "Good idea as long as we can do this again after dinner."

"Excellent idea!" I said. Then I thought about it and said. "I'll have to go home and change my clothes these are filthy." 

Judy asked me where I was planning to go for dinner and I mentioned a famous Italian place in Utica. 

"Oh I haven't been there in years! I'll put on a better outfit than this." 

Judy was genuinely excited about the going to the place.

After she had changed her clothes we got in my truck and went to my place. It's just a double wide trailer but for a single guy its pretty big. I changed into slacks and dress shirt and put on a sports coat but no tie.

"You clean up pretty well." Judy said with a grin. 

We had to wait for a table so we went to the bar for a drink. Judy was working on her second martini when we were called to our table and I hadn't finished my first scotch yet. We ordered our dinners and Judy told the waiter to get her another martini because she didn't want to run dry.

The appetizers arrived and we chatted about the office and some of the people there. That triggered a question that I had wanted to ask Judy about something that she had said while we were having sex.

"What did Mary and Jackie tell you? I am curious about who else knows about what we did." I said

Judy grinned as she lit a cigarette and took a sip of her martini. "You men think that you are the only ones that talk about sex. Well we women talk about even more than you do and in greater detail." 

She smiled and brandishing her cigarette around like a magic wand and then continued after she finished her martini. She was speaking conspiratorially , which was very sexy with her soft voice.

"I ran into Mary at a bar one Friday shortly after she had left for her new job. She was with some guy that she went to school with. She finally chased him away because he wanted her to blow him in his car while some of his friends watched. She told him that she didn't do that any more. We chatted and she told me that you and her had played around for a while. She said that you brought her back to the office on weekends so she could fuck in other peoples offices. She thought that you were cool because you like being with a big woman. Then she told me that she had seen you and Jackie going into the office on a Saturday. I asked Jackie about it and she told me all about what you two did. She even told me about your side business and how she helped you at a couple of video shoots."

Our salads came and Judy started to sip on her third martini.

"I would love to help on a video! That would be interesting." Judy said as she ate her salad.

"I have one scheduled for next Sunday and I could use some help." I said with a grin.

"Speaking of next weekend." Judy said. "What are you doing next Saturday evening?"

"I don't have any plans." I said.

"I have a party for an amateur theater group that I make the costumes for. It's a theme party you are supposed to come dressed as your favorite character from fiction. I have two free tickets would you like to go? I'll make your costume." Judy said.

"Who are you going as?" I asked.

"Hercule Poirot, Agatha Christies' great detective." She dropped he voice even lower than it had been before. "I love to dress as a man it really turns me on." Judy said.

"I would never have guessed." I said. "You seemed to be so straight laced to me." 

"I don't like to make my private life public." Judy said as she sipped on her new martini.

"Who do you think I should go as?" I asked almost afraid to find out.

"I think you would make a wonderful Miss Marple, Christies' great female detective. I'm very good at make up and having a man dressed as a woman makes he hotter than hell." Judy said with an evil grin. "Would you be willing to do that? I promise I'll never tell any body about it." Judy was almost begging I could tell that she was getting excited.

"Not even another woman like Mary or Jackie?" I asked.

Judy laughed and said. "Not even another woman. I promise!" 

"I'll think about it." I said 

"I'll have to know soon because I'll have to take measurements and make the outfit from scratch. Who knows you could have a career in acting!" Judy said as she lit yet another cigarette. "Please?" She was almost crying.

"Ok I'll do it but you better not tell any one." I said with a sigh.

"Great! I'll take your measurements and start on the outfit tomorrow! I have the perfect wig for you to!" Judy gushed.

I shook my head and said. "I just hope I don't regret this."

"You won't I guarantee it. You'll love it I'm sure." Judy was overjoyed.

We chatted about people we knew because several people sat at the table next to us. 

After dinner Judy wanted to go to the bar and have a few more drinks. I suggested that we go to my place and have a few drinks and have sex. 

"A great Idea, she said, as she got into my truck but I think we will make love instead." 

"I think making love would be a better idea than just having sex." I said not quite sure what the difference was between the two.

When we got to my place Judy insisted on taking measurements for the Miss Marple out fit she was going to make for me. I got out a tape measure, a steel one from my tool chest, and she took the measurements she needed and wrote them down. 

I made a couple of martinis' for us. 

"Nice martini, Judy said, you should have been a bar tender." 

"Now what were we going to do?" I asked with a huge grin. "Now I remember I said we were going to make love."

Judy said. "I think your right!" 

We went to my bed room and started to make out on the bed. I undressed her slowly and she helped me take my clothes off. I was sucking on her nipples when she lit a cigarette. I was surprised but decided not to say anything. I moved down and started to lick on he pussy.

Judy pulled my head up by my hair and said. "Do you mind If I smoke while you eat?"
