 Gerri and I had worked together for years and we had accomplished a lot on numerous projects. While that is not so unusual, perhaps the fact that she worked out of a home office on the west coast while I worked out of our office on the East Coast made it a little different.

We had first met remotely, when our two companies merged and we were put on an integration project. It was three years before we met in person but that was almost anti-climactic after all the time on the phone. During all of the hours on the project, we got to know each other really well, and our conversations were far ranging talking about all sorts of things and in fact, we had become very close. I guess sometimes when you are thrown into a pressure filled project, and spend a lot of time together, relationships can form fast. The only different thing was that we did not spend a lot of time physically together. Maybe that was a plus, I'm really not sure. At this point, I couldn't possibly imagine not having her in my day. Even when we couldn't talk we would Instant Message each other and after a few months, we felt comfortable enough to talk about a lot of personal things.

We had a lot in common. We were both in our 50s, had been married for over 20 years, and were go to people in our organizations. Because we were both heads down workaholics, neither one of us had forged any close relationships with anyone we worked with. I was more outgoing and she was somewhat demure, almost shy, but over time displayed a dry witty sense of humor that I loved. More importantly, she always laughed at my jokes and said that I always made her day. Through our conversations, I could also tell that we both were in kind of that long term routine in our relationships, loving our spouses, but hoping for more. 

The day we met, I was sitting in my office and all of a sudden, I heard this familiar voice from the door, saying, "Hi Brett, guess who it is?"

I looked up and saw her for the first time, a huge grin on her face. My first thought was she looked like a librarian. About 5' 6 ", she had on a white blouse, with a black jacket; black and white herringbone knee length skirt with black nylons, and black heels. Her dark hair was in a bun and she wore rimless glasses. Although at first glance she was kind of plain looking, I kept thinking that that if you get the glasses off and put the hair down she would be hot. She was somewhat petite, with nice firm but small breasts and the blouse was buttoned up with only one button open at the top. Myself, I'm 5'9", 180, a bit stocky with grey crew-cut and blue eyes. I worked out four times a week and kept myself in decent shape, I thought, and wondered what she would think.

I stood up and walked to her and we shook hands at first and then she pulled me into a hug. We embraced and then stood back a step from each other and smiled and laughed.

"You're more handsome than I thought you would be," she said and immediately her face turned red.

"I guess that's a compliment." I replied.

We both laughed for a second and she said "You know what I mean."

I then moved back to my chair as she sat down on the other side of my desk and I could feel a twitch as she crossed her legs, revealing a little thigh, the fabric of the black nylons stretching a bit at the knee. I thought to myself that she had really great legs and she must either run or walk every day.

"So, you're here for the week?" I asked.

"Yes. I have some meetings and some people I need to meet but I hope you save some time for me to finish up some of these projects."

"Sure, no problem. By the way, if you want, we can go to dinner."

"That'd be great, Brett. I don't really know anyone here and I hate eating alone on the road. By the way, we have a meeting tomorrow at 10."

"Yep, it's on my calendar." 

We both stood up and she surprised me by coming over and hugging me tight again. We stared at each other for a few second and then broke the embrace.

"It's so good to finally meet you in person," she said as she smiled and walked away.

The rest of the day dragged as I couldn't get Gerri out of my mind. I spent most of the day ranging from semi hard to raging erection, and I had to go to the bathroom a few times to take care of the precum that kept seeping out. In fact, I think I spent the whole day in a state of arousal.

Since she had not rented a car, I pulled mine around to the front door of the office and picked her up. I had made reservations at nice little bistro that served gourmet food and wine. Since it was a Monday night, it wasn't very busy and we had a nice quiet table in the corner.

The conversation was easy and ranged from work, to politics, to our families, to our philosophies on life. The wine and conversation flowed freely and we went through two bottles of wine. I couldn't help but stare into her large brown eyes and think how beautiful she really was. It seemed like we had been there a while but it was only about two hours when she yawned and said she always got a bit tired when she drank too much wine and asked if I would take her to her hotel. While all I could think of was how to get under her skirt, I smiled and agreed and after paying the bill, we walked out, she slipped her arm in mine as naturally as if we had been doing it for years. She was a bit unsteady but not overly so, and nuzzled her head into my arm as we walked to the car.

When we got in the car, I leaned over and hugged her, and thanked her for a wonderful night. She hugged me tightly and thanked me, and kissed me on the cheek. It took all of my willpower to pull away and start the car and drive.

Driving up to the hotel I stopped in front of the hotel door.

"Well, this has been a great night, I've had a ball," I said as I leaned over.

"Yes, it was," she said softly, her speech a little off as the effects of the wine were being felt.

"Tell you what, let me park the car and walk you up to your room."

"Yeah, that's probably a good idea, I think I'm feeling that last wine, I haven't had that much in a long time," she said.

I parked the car and walked around and let her out, and as she stepped out, I couldn't help but notice as the skirt rode up her middle thigh, revealing a well-toned leg. She put her arm in mine and leaned on me slightly as we walked in and took the elevator to her room, neither one of us talking. My heart was pounding as I breathed in her perfume and I could feel an erection growing.

The door to the elevator opened and as we walked out she stumbled slightly and we both laughed as she quickly recovered.

"I guess I need practice walking in heels. I don't wear them much working from home," she said.

"You should wear them more often, you look great, Gerri," I replied.

Her face flushed slightly at the compliment and she looked up at me and smiled. We got to her door and she pulled the key card from her purse and opened the door and we stood there for a moment.

"Well thanks for a great evening, I enjoyed the dinner, company and of course, being with such a beautiful date," I said and pulled her to me. I intended to kiss her on the cheek but she turned so that we kissed on the lips. 

"I had a great time, too," she said.

"Gerri, I'm not sure I want to leave."

"Mm, I don't want you to either," she replied. 

We leaned in again, and slowly kissed on the lips breaking apart and kissing again. After about half a minute of this, we both moved into the room and slammed shut the door, with her leaning against it as our lips parted, and our tongues met in a heavy embrace.

"Oh God, yes I've wanted this all day long," she said.

As we kissed, we removed our jackets, not breaking contact. I put my hand on her left breast and began rubbing as I felt her hand go down to my crotch, feeling for my hard on. She grabbed my hand and pressed it tighter to her breast, wanting me to rub harder. As she did so, I began unbuttoning her blouse, and pulled it off her, revealing a white lacy push up bra.

Overcome with lust, I picked her up and carried her over to the bed, placing her on it. As she lay on the bed, she kicked her off her heels and rolled to her right, reaching for my belt and zipper as I pulled my shirt off and threw it on the floor. She undid my belt and unzipped my pants as I kicked off my shoes, and I stepped out of my pants, revealing a large bulge in my boxer briefs. Her hands immediately went to it and she put her mouth on it outside the underwear and looked at me while I leaned over and reached for the zipper of her skirt and began to unzip it. 

She rolled over on her back and I pulled her skirt down and off. My cock immediately jumped as I noticed that she didn't have any underwear on under her pantyhose. The biggest turn-on in the world for me is a woman in pantyhose, as I have an intense pantyhose fetish.

"Gerri, I can't even tell you how turned on I am right now." I said as I rubbed my hands along her thighs.

"Mmm, I can tell you think that. Let's get your friend out to play," she said and reached in and pulled out my fully engorged cock.

"Mm, it's nice and fat, I love thick ones," she said as she got on her knees on the bed and immediately pulled me into her mouth. As much as I loved the sensation, I backed off, took my underwear off, and climbed onto the bed next to her and we began making out, my hand reaching out to pull off her bra as she focused her attention on my erect member.

Her nipples were fully erect and I was surprised at how firm they were, and I began sucking and licking on them as her head rolled back and she gasped, her hand gripping me and stroking the full length of my shaft. As I did so, I began rubbing her thighs and sliding my hands up and down them and into her crotch. Her pantyhose were wet and her pussy was incredibly warm, and her whole body jerked as I began to trace the outline of her pussy. I pulled my mouth off of her tits and thrust my tongue into her mouth as she began to jerk me harder and harder, my precum lubing my cock.

All of a sudden, she pulled her hand off of me and broke the kiss.

"What's the matter, Gerri?" I said.

"Oh Brett, I'm sorry, I so want to do this but I keep wondering if this is right," she said as she looked into my eyes. 

"Gerri, I know what you mean; I haven't been with anyone since I've been married either, but this seems so natural."

"I know, Brett, me too, but this is so fast for me, I need to take a breather. I really, really want to, but I need to slow down a bit, "she said and a tear slowly slid down her face, and I could tell she was struggling a bit with going forward.

"It's ok, Gerri, I really want to make love to you but only if you want to," I said, "I don't want to force it, I want it to be special." Part of me believes that, the other part of me wanted to fuck her brains out.

We then hugged each other, and gently kissed each other on the lips and cheek, rubbing each other for a few minutes, a slow intimate moment. As much as I wanted to respect her wishes, my erection was still raging and I was so hard, it actually hurt. I had to get some relief.

"Gerri, can I ask you a favor?"

"Sure, hon," a term of endearment that slipped out.

"I am so hard right now I can't stand it. I need to stroke myself off."

Without a word, she looked at me and nodded.

Disappointed that she wasn't offering to help, I laid back on the bed and she was on her side watching me as I started to rub my cock up and down. I kept my eyes on her legs and moved my gaze over her as I continued to pump myself, and watched as her hand was between her legs, rubbing her clit while her other hand was squeezing and pinching her nipples.

I could feel my balls tightening and the first contraction of my cock as I was getting ready to shoot. I rolled slightly to my right as the first rope of cum shot over her and onto the floor. Grunting, I made a low guttural moan as I continued to shoot and my cum splashed on her thighs and stomach.

"Oh God, Brett, that is such a turn-on to see you cum like that. I've never seen a man cum so much," as she kissed me again.

"Well, let me repay the favor," I said.

"H-how are you going to do that," she asked?

Without a word, I got up and laid her flat on her back. I spread open her legs and taking my hands, grabbed the crotch of her pantyhose and ripped them open. Her bush was hairy and thick, just like women used to be. Making eye contact with her, I dove in and stuck my nose in her pussy, my tongue licking and her head immediately snapped back as she started to moan loudly. Her breathing was short and shallow and her whole body shook as she began to have an orgasm. 

Not slowing down, I licked and nibbled on her clit as I took my forefinger and began finger fucking in and out, sticking my finger in as far as it would go. It slid easily inside her as she was creaming my face.

"How does that feel, baby?" I asked

"Oh yes, yes," she cried and took her hands and pressed my head deeper into her. I then ran my hands up and down her nylon clad legs and could feel my cock starting to come to life again. I went down and started licking up the insides of her legs, starting at her feet and licking up the insides hovering over her pussy before diving in and sticking my tongue deep inside her. 

She began to shake all over and her breathing became short and rapid, when all of a sudden, her entire body convulsed as her head shook back and forth wildly. 

"Oh, oh, oh yesssssss!" she cried as she was completely lost in the throes of orgasm. I slowly disengaged myself and pushed myself into a pushup position above her, staring down into her beautiful eyes as, as she fixed me with a glassy stare.

"Oh phew that was unbelievable," she said.

Gently I kissed her and I lay down next to her, and she put her head in the crook of my arm. Saying nothing, her hand rubbed across my chest as I gently kissed the top of her head. 

"Wow, Gerri, I've got to tell you, I have not come that hard in a long time."

"Mm," she said. "Me too, I haven't come like that in years. My husband and I.."

"Shh," I said, putting my finger on her lips. "It's just us right now, let's keep it that way."

We began making out again, and as we lay next to each other, I pulled her ass to me to bring her pussy against my hardening cock. We continued to gently rub each other as she broke our kiss.

"Wow, you're getting hard again so fast," she said. "I'm impressed."

"It's you! I haven't been this turned on in years."

"Oh Brett, this changes everything for us, you know that right?"

"Well, it sure changes our relationship, that's for sure."

"Don't get me wrong, I'm not thinking we need to run away with each other, but this is going to be awkward."

"Gerri, it doesn't have to be. We'll just take it as it comes but for now, let's live in the moment."

I could tell that she was a bit conflicted and for a moment I thought this may be the end of it. To be honest, I was a little surprised that I hadn't given it a second thought. As I was lost in thought, she got up and started to tug at the waistband of her ripped pantyhose.

"What are you doing?"

"Oh, I just wanted to take these off."

"Don't, Gerri. I have a huge pantyhose fetish, and it really turns me on."

Smiling at me, she stopped and climbed up on top of me, straddling me.

"Mmm, I love that it turns you on, it's so naughty. And, it makes me feel naughty," she said as she rocked along the tops of my thighs, reaching down and looking me in the eye, began stroking me. She stopped for a second and stuck her hand in her wet pussy, and then grabbed my erect cock and began stroking it...