 Damn, this paperwork is getting tedious. Maybe I should take a walk, check on that coach Junior had said he was going to hire for the new basketball season. My job as Principal was starting to bore me. Should have taken that leave of absence before the year started. I go check on how the works going on the new addition being added to the school, heading towards the basketball court as I go.

I see Junior in his office probably doing the new budget for me, "Hey Junior how's it going this morning?" I say. 

He looks up, "Not bad, Mrs. Gregg, not bad at all."

"What's got you so cheerful this morning Junior?"

"The new coach is working out just fine, we're going to have a great season this year" he says with a smile. I'm just going to have to go check it out myself. "So where's this new teacher, I'll go introduce myself" I say. "He's checking all the equipment in the storage room, gonna be there for a while, inventorying for me. I need to go to the administration building, to check on some paperwork, would you let him know I'll be back after lunch?" says Junior. "Sure Junior, I'll let him know and will get back with you later. Have a nice lunch." I tell him as I start to leave.

I'm heading to the storage room when I hear this deep voice talking about volleyballs, basketballs, jock straps. I wonder who's in the room with this new coach. As I stand by the door leading into the room I am speechless, the man is gorgeous. Tall, wearing nothing but running shorts, I can see where the hair trails down into his shorts, the muscles on his body just waiting for me to touch them. I stand there waiting for the other person to show themselves, but he just keeps on talking to the racks. I don't see another person in sight. 

"Coach, do you always talk to your balls?" I say, laughing at the pun. 

He turns at my voice and says "Only when I want them to work for me" in a deep drawling accent. Oh god, I almost wet myself at the sound. I walk over to him as he's staring at me, I can see his cock growing larger as I do. 

"Is there anything I can to do help them work for you?" I say staring at his chest, as my hands are clenching to stay still. 

"Well yes there is" he says with that voice. God I could eat this man up just by the sound of his voice. "Would you like to play with them?" he asks innocently.

This is too good to be true, I have been waiting for someone on my staff to give as good as I can. I reach out to his chest and run my hands down both side to his shorts. I feel his heart thumping as I get closer to his hard, throbbing cock. I reach into his shorts, grasping his cock with my right hand, his balls in my left. I need this so badly, I look into his eyes and see the need there. I release him, only to pull down his shorts. He reaches over to me, I'm wearing a dress today. He reaches up under my dress. His eyebrows go up when he discovers I wear nothing under it.

I leave him if only to move to the desk in the corner of the room. "Come here baby" I say as I sit on the edge. He walks over to me, dick sticking straight out, I can hardly wait to feel it pumping into me. He reaches me and I take him into my hands again. Stroking it, seeing how smooth it is, I lean down and take him into my mouth. His hands reach out to pull my head closer to his body. I take him deeper, deeper-licking the shaft as I go, pulling out to only plunge him into my mouth again and again. "Oh god baby, you feel good" he drawls. I almost cum hearing him say that.

He pulls out of my mouth, and lays me down on the desk. He gently spreads my legs apart, licking from one side to another. His tongue enters my clit, teasing me with the tip. "Suck me baby, suck me." I plead. He does as he's told. Harder, faster, deeper. His tongue and his lips are driving me wild. My hips are raising off the desk, only to get closer to his tongue and his hard dick that I know will fill me soon. "Now, baby, now -oh god I'm cumming." I can't scream for the sheer explosion of it.

He releases me only to plunge his hard throbbing dick as far as he can into my cunt. Oh my god... he fills me, only to draw back and plunge again. "Baby, you feel so good" he moans in my ear. He starts pumping faster, and faster. Pulling out to only drive deeper into me. I cling to the desk, holding on for dear life, not able to touch him as I'd like. "Yes, baby-fuck me harder, I want to cum to you." I say breathlessly. "Yes, ma'am" he drawls. Our cum is running down the desk, as he continuously pumps into me. 

"Oh god baby, I'm cumming" he groans. "Oh yes" I can barely get out as I strain to cum with him. "OH GOD" we say together as we both shake from our joint orgasms. Throbbing and pumping I feel his juices drain into me, as I wet the desk from my flowing cum. I rub my hands down his back to calm him, as he strokes my nipples through my dress. God that was awesome. He leaves me to only return with a towel from a rack. "Let me clean you" he says. Then he proceeds to wipe me dry, calming me with his hands. "Give me just a second" he says as he steps to get a wet rag, wipes himself and put his shorts back on.

"You were incredible" he says. "Can you tell me who you are baby?" I look at him, and think about the pleasure I'm going to have during this season. I say "Well coach, I'm the principal. And I just gave you your first evaluation, you passed just fine." While his eyes were growing wider, I just smiled, turned and said "See you at the first staff meeting."