 It seemed like any other Friday night, but this night was going to change the way I viewed women forever. I had planned to meet a few of my buddies at a local hot spot for a few drinks and to renew our ongoing quest to find Miss Right. 

Every week it seems to be the same pattern: 100 guys all chasing after the 3-5 "hot" chicks at the club while the other 75 to 80 single women in the place talk and dance amongst themselves. This night I was hanging with my buddies and I was scouting out the "talent" in the club when I noticed a demure looking woman sitting at a table with a couple other women. None of the women at the table were strikingly beautiful, but they were well dressed, and had pretty faces. 

Throughout the night I watched them on and off going to and from the dance floor. The one girl I was paying particular attention to had short brown hair, smallish breasts, and had wide hips. She stood about 5'4", and weighed probably 140 lbs. Outwardly, she was pretty much average in every sense. I was soon to learn, that she had some extraordinary hidden talents. 

After a couple hours, I got the nerve to approach their table. Her two friends had gone to the dance floor, leaving "Justine" there by herself. I approached and asked her if she'd like to dance. She said "no", that her feet were hurting and she needed to sit down for a while. I can tell you that in the past when the "beautiful" women had given me that line, I would have walked away never to return again. This time it was different, there was a sincerity in Justine's voice when she told me about her sore feet, so I asked if she minded if I joined her while her friends were on the dance floor. 

She smiled a smile that lit up the room, and said she would love for me to join her. We immediately clicked. We had everything in common, she laughed at all my stupid jokes, and she had the most amazingly iridescent green eyes that I had ever seen. When her friends returned, I pulled a chair over from another table and sat down next to Justine. The tables were small and the space was cramped, so my thigh was brushing up against hers under the table, and it gave me a bit of a thrill.

I was chatting with Justine and her friends, and at one point I told a joke, which made all the girls laugh, and when the laughter subsided, Justine had placed her hand on my thigh. With just that slight touch, my dick began to swell.

After a few minutes, a slow song came on and Justine grabbed my hand, pulled me from my seat, and said "let's have that dance." It felt as though I were floating to the dance floor, and when we got there, Justine pulled me to her and placed both hands around my back. I put my hands on her lower back, and the bulge in my pants was pressing firmly against her lower belly. Her head was resting on my shoulder and she whispered into my ear "mmm, you smell soo good," and pulled me even tighter against her. 

I slid one of my hands down and gently massaged her ass, and when I did so she began rotating her hips ever so slightly, grinding my bulge firmly against her body. When the song ended, she grabbed my hand and walked back toward the table. Just as we reached the table she told her friends that she was feeling tired and that I had volunteered to drive her home. Although this came as a surprise to me, I was more than willing to chauffer this amazing woman home.

I walked her out into the parking and I opened the passenger door for her. As I was holding the door open for her, she turned to me and kissed me. We stood between the door and the car for what seemed like an hour, just kissing, our tongues exploring each other's mouths, our bodies pressed tightly together. The smell of her skin, mixed with her perfume was more intoxicating than the drinks I had in the club, and it felt as though my head was swimming. 

Justine finally broke the kiss, and said "let's go home," with a sly wink. She stepped into the car and I closed the door behind her and went around to get into the driver's seat. As soon as I sat down, Justine reached over and began to unbuckle my belt and pull my throbbing cock free of my pants. She immediately bent over and took me deep into her mouth. She had the best technique I'd ever felt in my life. She was moving her tongue around my shaft while it was buried to the back of her throat.

She was able to pull my balls free and was caressing them as she blew me in the front seat of my car. She was slurping and had the best suction I'd ever felt. She not only took my entire dick into her mouth, but she was able to stretch her tongue out and licked my balls at the same time, it was amazing. I pulled her hair back from her face, and she looked me in the eyes as she continued to deep throat me. She then changed her technique and took only the head into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it as she stroked my cock with her soft hands. I could feel myself ready to explode, and this being the first night I met her, I told Justine that I was ready to cum. She just looked up at me with an impish grin and began sucking me harder and stroking faster until I was shooting my load down her throat. She swallowed every drop and licked my dick clean. She then sat up, and said, "hurry up and get me home, we've got a long night ahead."

If this was just the beginning, I couldn't wait to get her home and I drop like a bat out of hell. It was good thing she didn't live too far away, and within 10 minutes we were staggering through her front door, shedding our clothes as fast as possible in a frenzy of motion. As she stepped out of her skirt, I noticed she was wearing some control-top pantyhose.

I pulled her blouse over her head, and unsnapped her bra and realized it was one of those "miracle" bras, as her small breasts sort of sagged halfway down her chest. Regardless of what most men would consider physical deficiencies, I was incredibly turned on. For the first time I was with a "real" woman. 

Although her breasts were small and sagged a little, her nipples were erect and incredibly sensitive. I backed her to the couch and positioned myself between her legs. I kissed her neck, and her collarbone, working my way down her chest. When I reached her nipples, and sucked one into my mouth, she groaned with pleasure grabbed the back of my head and pulled me tight against her, forcing her nipple deeper into my mouth. I teased its tip with my tongue while gently biting its edges with my teeth. I was squeezing her other nipple between my fingers as she writhed furiously, rubbing her snatch against my belly as I continued to devote my attention to her sensitive nipples. 

After another few seconds, Justine was shivering with her first orgasm. I was amazed that she was able to climax without direct stimulation of either her clit or vagina. I could smell the intoxicating scent of her juices flowing, and I pulled down her pantyhose exposing her neatly trimmed bush. Although her stomach was flat, it was shaped the way a woman is supposed to be shaped.

I slid further down between her legs and began lapping at her pussy, licking up all her juices. I began tracing her outer lips with my tongue as I slowly pushed one finger into her tight pussy. I could feel her contracting her muscles around my finger as I continued to lick her lips, only stopping occasionally to flick the tip of my tongue across the hood of her clit. 

With my other hand, I pulled back her hood, and gently sucked her clit into my mouth as I stroked the rough upper wall of her pussy with my finger. This brought her to another orgasm, splashing my face with her female cum.

After she caught her breath, I pulled myself up onto my knees, pulled her hips to the edge of the couch, and slid my erect cock into her pussy, inch by inch until all 7 inches were buried inside of her. She began contracting her muscles, squeezing my cock in rhythmic constrictions. I bent forward, kissing her softly at first, our eyes locked together, and then allowing our tongues to play with one another.

With our eyes still locked, I began rocking my hips back and forth, slowly at first, but then gaining speed and intensity. Her eyes grew big as her she began breathing rapidly, her hips moving in rhythm with mine as I drove my cock deeper and deeper inside of her tight fuck-hole. 

Suddenly, Justine pushed me away from her, and then spun around, presenting her large, soft ass to me. 

"Fuck me from behind, fuck me hard" she rasped. 

It didn't take any convincing, as I moved forward and thrust my dick deep inside of her. I grabbed hold of her love-handles in each hand and began banging her as hard as I could, our bodies slapping loudly against one another. Justine was screaming with pleasure, shouting at me to fuck her "harder" and "harder" as I pounded her pussy furiously with my cock. I reached forward and grabbed a handful of hair and turned her head around to face me. She had a wild look of lust in her eyes as I slammed my cock into her again and again. I could feel my balls beginning to tighten, and just as I did, Justine reached back and gave my balls a squeeze. I flooded her pussy with a hot load of jizz as her pussy contracted on my cock in her orgasm, squeezing every drop my balls had to offer into her pussy. I collapsed onto her back, and we rolled onto the couch together, trying to catch our breath.

We laid there for a while, as I stroked her soft body. Even though Justine didn't fit the "Barbie" image, I had never been more sexually attracted to a woman before in my life. It was her enthusiasm and her aura of sexuality that got my cock rising again. Justine was helping me along by gently squeezing my member as we kissed softly, still lying on the couch. 

She stood up, took my hand, and led me to the bathroom. She turned on the shower and we both stepped in to clean up. Her shower was large, with a glass door and another glass wall. We continued to stroke and examine each other's bodies as we stood under the warm spray of water. I stood behind her, soaping her back and shoulders, as she reached around and grasped my cock. 

"Lather up my ass" she said, and I was more than willing to comply. 

Justine had a handful of soap and rubbed it all over my cock. 

"Fuck my ass" she whispered over the sound of the running water, as she arched her back standing on her tiptoes. 

I spread her ass cheeks and pressed the tip of my soapy cock up against her balloon knot. I grabbed Justine's hips and arched mine forward, slowly sliding the head of my dick into her tight ass hole. 

"Ooohhh," she moaned as I inched my dick further into her butt. 

She spread her arms wide, her hands placed against the back wall of the shower as my pelvis finally pressed up against her sublime ass. She began to rock her hips back and forth, forcing my cock slightly in and out. I reached around her and squeezed each nipple between my thumbs and forefingers, which caused her body to clutch up in another orgasm. 

As her body relaxed, I began to move again, slowly at first. She turned and looked over her shoulder at me, the water running down her hair and across her back, "faster" she said, and I followed her direction. I began pumping her harder, and she was moaning loudly, the sound echoing off the bathroom walls. She was screaming at me to fuck her tight asshole, to fuck her harder, and I did my best to comply. 

Although I had already cum twice that night, it wasn't long before I was loosing another supply of sperm into her ass as she squeezed her cheeks tightly together as I filled her with my cum.

After a few seconds, I stepped back, my cock sliding out of her ass with a "plop" sound as the cum spilled out her ass and down her legs. I could see it being washed down the drain as we stood under the water, which was now turning cold.

We quickly rinsed off and stepped out of the shower. As I was drying her with a soft, warm towel, I began eating her pussy again as she leaned against the toilet tank. She came on my tongue and I drank her sweet nectar again. I stood up, and she jumped into my arms, wrapping her legs around my back as I carried her into the bedroom. I laid her down on the bed, and we crawled under the covers facing each other in the afterglow of our many orgasms. 

"I've never met a woman like you" I said to Justine. 

"You've only seen the tip of the iceberg baby" was her reply. 

Boy was she right, but that's another story...