 She requested I write a story about her secret desire to be taken with her boyfriend nearby. This is the second part of her growth into a secret slut. Whatever regret she felt melted away with her desires.

We were seated together, mostly alone in a small bar with matching glasses half full of amber liquid before us. She'd confessed being nervous, even debating not showing up - but in the end? She agreed to come and arrived early. The bartender was focused on the bar's sole other patron, far down the bar from us. That was when I finally decided to test it. Some part of me thought I should have warned her first, but... Well, another part of me thought that ruined the fun of it. 

Ah. Well, wait. You probably want to know more about her before going any farther, yes? Maybe you read my first story of her. Maybe not. Her name was Courtney. An ever-so-innocent name that fit her personality well. Her long, dirty blonde hair reached several inches past her shoulders and danced loose and free. Her eyes were a deep & heart-warming hazel. They were dark and, yet, still gentle... Her lips were a playful pinkish red, and when they deigned to form a smile the tiniest of dimples were visible. Still, only ever so briefly. It was her eyes that had ensnared my senses first, surprisingly. One's eyes are telling, but rarely a selling-point in lust. But...her eyes spoke to her nature, and that was something more worthy of desire than anything else.

Still - that isn't to say she lacked in any other department. Her breasts weren't overly large. Instead, they were full B cups that perfectly matched her frame. For the moment, I simply knew that I desired to again caress their curves. Her ass had a generous curve to it as well (that I wouldn't mind caressing either...). She wore a simple, tight black dress. Beneath it were black lace boyshorts with a matching black lace demi bra (not that I knew yet, but who wouldn't want to know those details from the onset?)

She dated a friend of mine, named John. But just the night prior John had over-indulged in alcohol, passed out, and Courtney had readily submitted to a firm hand willing to claim her body. And, with uncertainty and excuses to John, she'd met me at the bar our story begins in.

I'm far less enchanting than her, though - I'm afraid. 5'9, short light brown hair, light stubble of a barely present beard, average build. I wore slacks, a blue striped dress shirt, and boxers. 

What I imagine would be interesting is the small device inside my left pocket. It was a remarkably small remote. My thumb had, shortly after the start of the story, finally pressed and held the button briefly, and when it did Courtney's body shook briefly before holding perfectly still. A quiet sound of uncertainty barely escaped her lips. A small, remote-controlled vibrator was inside her panties, ever so near her clit. She'd gone to the bathroom and placed it there at my insistence when she arrived at the bar. Whatever uncertainty or doubt was in her mind, she seemed to relish following instructions and commands. And I, for my part, was glad to provide them. Each moment the button was pressed was another moment of pleasure outside of Courtney's control...and she seemed to enjoy it, if be embarrassed by it as well. Her cheeks were flushed deep crimson, but she seemed primarily focused on maintaining what composure she could. 

I picked up my glass (scotch, as was her own), nodded to her, and drank the generous measure in quick turn. She picked up her own, raised it to her lips, and as the last droplets were drained from her glass - I pressed the button again. 

She was lucky - I was ready to catch the glass that she dropped with a sudden twitch. I sat it back on the bar, smiling slightly to myself. The bartender was still unaware. Courtney's eyes were closed now, and her cheeks were an even darker shade of crimson. My finger danced briefly on and off the button, and her hips made the slightest of movements while all else of her body remained frigidly still. Her breath was quickening - shifting into brief, short breaths. As the breaths grew deeper, her breasts heaved slightly, more and more. I can't pretend this didn't draw my eyes away from her face (both willingly and unwillingly at once). Some part of me longed to keep my gaze on the beauty of her lips, but I was still desperate to see the breasts I so longed for. 

Finally, though - she placed her hand on my leg, over the hand in the pocket. My finger held just a moment longer on the button before, regretfully, letting it go. We stood up together and the bartender glanced to us. I put a couple twenties on the bar and nodded him off. Moments later we were in her car. We made quick work of removing her dress. The parking lot was darkened and largely empty, giving us uncertain privacy. Still, her bra was off in a quick matter of moments, and my lips instinctively fell to her nipples. As I suckled them, I began rubbing her through her panties. They were already wet... So wet. 

It wasn't long before I found myself craving her taste, though. The panties were quickly removed, and vibrator cast aside. She was shaved, and deliciously wet. I fingered her slowly while teasing her clit with my tongue - dancing quick, barely-there circles around it. In a matter of minutes I felt her legs tighten around my head and her hand hold me in place. Her body shuddered and her throat released a series of hearty, deep moans. After tasting her sweet orgasm I kissed her briefly, but predictably longed for more. Luckily, we were only getting started.

Knowing from John's stories that she came far more easily and quickly when he went down on her, I had started there. And tasting the sweetness of her orgasm, I knew her to be as wet as possible...and so, as ready as possible for me to enter her.

I stood, admiring the view of her flawless body, laying completely exposed on the backseat of her car. She was quiet now, relaxing briefly in post-orgasmic bliss. Her breasts moved with each slow, deep breath. I pulled her closer to the car's door, where I stood, and spread her legs. Even in the dim light of the parking lot I could clearly see how wet she was... I could still taste her, as well, on my lips. Her hands now, seemingly instinctively, went to her pussy and spread it open for me. It being hard to find a more inviting gesture, I entered her without delay. A single push into her with all seven inches. The sound of her throaty moan in that moment... It is difficult to describe the feeling of raw heat and pleasure that came with entering her warmth, but suffice to say I felt the moment (sight, sound, and the endless pleasure of her warmth) crystalizing into memory more so this time than the prior one the night before.

As I continued thrusting into her she breathed in more sharply. Moans that had been more quiet and deep were becoming quicker intakes of breaths and shrill sounds of more developed pleasures. Each time I pushed harder inside of her, and each time her sounds of pleasure grew louder and more demanding... My eyes drank in the beauty of her body as I was now privileged to claim the view, and her body, as mine.

...but being lost in the pleasures of those moments, both her and I failed to notice much else. We weren't alone any more. The bartender, it seemed, had been drawn to the steady escalation of moans from the parking lot of the closing bar. The other patrons weren't to be seen, and the bartender wasn't being shy about enjoying what he found before him.

To my eyes, he was an unwelcome addition. But...in her eyes? I watched them grow wide as the bartender opened the other door to the backseat. His eyes were practically memorizing every inch of her treasured, exposed flesh. The bartender was probably in his late thirties - a solid build at maybe 6 feet tall, with blonde hair and gray eyes. Ah, but back to Courtney's eyes. Those dark eyes that so enthralled me seemed more full of desire than uncertainty or fear. She might be shocked, but she clearly didn't mind the addition of a third in the heat of the moment. His cock was quickly out. Given the moment, it was hard to not to notice his throbbing member was probably nine inches long - at least a bit longer than me. Part of me felt slighted or embarrassed, but...the other part didn't want to leave the joyous heat that was her pussy. 

She took the bartender's hard cock in her mouth. Well, at least - most of it. She struggled slightly with the length, but still made good work of it. Apparently, though, he had been tending to himself initially. It wasn't long before he groaned a little too loudly...and seemed to want to quickly find his way to his car and leave. Courtney didn't protest and swallowed his cum readily enough, only struggling with his haste to leave after finishing so quickly (but not before taking her bra and panties - some trophy, I imagined). I felt her tighten around me, and the volume of her moans again peak. Mmm. Again, she climaxed.

Courtney backed away from me briefly, leaving my cock exposed and painfully erect, coated in some combination of my precum and her sweet nectar. She...didn't so much begin to suck my dick as she enveloped it with tender caresses of her tongue - almost massaging my entire shaft as her hands played with my balls. Her suction, the wetness, knowing she was tasting herself and me, mixed at that moment...

I came. I've cum before, countless times. Who hasn't, right? But...the amount of cum I produced was a new surprise. And Courtney swallowed every drop hungrily.

"If you're thinking about anything more, I think we should go to your house. I won't be awake much longer if we keep at it here, and I have no clue what I'll tell John..."

Her voice was shaky and uncertain, but pleased and fulfilled as well. Her lips formed the most delicate, rife-with-allure, smirk.

"Heh, you could always tell him you're well on your way to becoming an eager little slut under my guidance."

Her smirk grew at that.

"I'll make some excuse so you can keep guiding me through the night."

Courtney was unique. Unique, and amazing.