 *Belle requested I write a story about her desire to escape the stresses of work & life by giving in to her wilder, sexier side. She wanted to maintain composure and control at first, but quickly give it up. How happy could I be to deliver on her request?*

She approached me at the bar, cautiously but confidently. Given our conversations started online and had finally evolved into reality, I suppose that was fitting. She'd shown herself to me in so many ways - her desires, fantasies, carnal needs...and, of course, plenty of erotic selfies.

I was sitting at the bar sipping a scotch, but as my eyes took in her body I felt my cock spring to attention. Did the corners of her lips play out a tiny smirk? Did she already know that I was longing to explore the body that I felt so intimately familiar with despite never touching?

Her hair was dirty blonde and long, but with light highlights that made it seem to shimmer as it moved with each step she took. Her eyes? Shakespeare might call them pools of desire. I called them reflections of lust and need. Oh, there was more to her...so much more to her. But when those eyes reflected playful longing and need, who couldn't surrender to them?

But her curves. I would moan with longing just to think of them now, after the fact. A full, lovely ass and breasts that were nothing short of...well... Grand? Epic? Enthralling? Not that they were simply big (although knowing they were DDD size made that certainly true) - but that they were works of art. The movement of her curves, her body - it was a natural, gorgeous, tantric flow that you wished to hold and capture - to make all your own. 

She wore tight, black pants. Pants, certainly, but bordering on leggings in the detail they revealed of her legs and ass. A black tank top was covered with a mostly-unbuttoned red shirt. Playful, dark red lipstick. Eyeshadow that just accentuated the need ever-hiding behind her eyes.

If it sounds simple, you've been deceived. Somehow what she wore inspired more longing than if she had come to me wearing nothing, because...well, I wanted the brief pleasure of removing each piece that stood between such perfection and my amorous desires.

She sat next to me at the bar without a word and motioned for the bartender's attention. She ordered a drink, and I motioned for the drink to go to my tab. She smiled, and I found myself unsurprisingly wanting to kiss those lips. Something gentle, tender. A soft start leading to harder, pressing desires.

More intense longing and need was there, but... She played at my desires perfectly. I wanted to taste each pleasure separately and savor it.

I spoke softly, though.

"You...said you were wearing a white bra and black, boyshort panties?"

Did blush enter her cheeks? She knew how much of her I'd seen, how much knowledge of her own desires (and of mine) had been traded between us. But she nodded. 

"Show me."

Her eyes were soft but showed no reproach as she glanced around. No other patrons of the bar, no members of the staff, could see. She pull her pants down ever-so-slightly, showing lacey black fabric. She tugged her red shirt and black tank top to the side - some small strap and padding of white lace appeared briefly. All too briefly. ...and then it was gone.

The bartender approached, and she (being far more aware of our present surroundings than myself as I was lost to my longing) had covered herself before anyone could notice. He brought her drink wordlessly, and walked way - seemingly knowing our desire for privacy without being told of it.

"Cranberry & vodka?" My voice felt hollow with desire, but she smiled.

"Just the cranberry. In the unlikely event of me indulging you at all, I'd prefer to be in a sober state of mind. Wouldn't you prefer my fullest attentions?" She had moved her barstool closer, rested her hand on my leg. Letting it move briefly along my still-hard cock.

"Desperately." 

I didn't know how she'd react when I leaned towards her. I somewhat assumed she'd stop me, or pull back. Delay, if not deny. But she didn't. As my lips met hers, parted, and explored - she welcomed it. Invited and encouraged it.

Did anyone else know our encounter shouldn't be? Did it matter? 

At the moment I was enthralled by raw need for her body, and just the indulgence of her lips and tongue had me melting in her hands (although - her fingertips moving with growing speed along my shaft remained a pressing distraction). 

And then she pulled away. Her hand gently pushed me back before grabbing her drink and sipping it.

But her eyes spoke to me. They told me she knew exactly how much raw need she evoked in me, and that I was putty in her hands. But...they also spoke of the fact that she wanted the reverse to be true, or perhaps that she was begging for me to make it true. For me to turn the control against her, and make all the endless pleasures her body could offer mine.

By that point I think we both knew where this night would end.

I left two twenties on the counter with a nod to the bartender (his generous tip was more of a desire to take my dear Belle away than a show of generosity, but at least I could imagine his night being improved just as mine was). We left wordlessly, and I arranged for her to follow me to the hotel room I had already booked. She made it clear she promised nothing, but was all too willing to accompany me.

When I got her to the hotel, I led her straight to the bed. She didn't resist, she didn't argue - she wanted this quite badly, even if she was uncertain how far she'd allow it to go.

I began by pulling off her black pants quickly, and running my hands along her long legs as I did so. Her red button down shirt and black tank I treated less delicately, nearly ripping them off to expose the body I found myself so desperately needing. 

And then she was laying in front of me in nothing but a lace white bra and a pair of black, lace boyshort panties. 

I guided her at first - instructing her to pose for me as I took pictures. Cupping her breasts over her bra, rubbing herself through the fabric of her panties, fingers entering the waistband of the panties and exploring the greater treasures within them. I wondered at what point she'd insist we stop or decide to leave, but neither moment came.

I had her strip for me - tantalizingly removing her bra as I continued taking photos, removing her panties and tossing them to the side, spreading her glistening pussy wide for me. I had her play with herself for me, all the while stroking my cock slowly - not wanting to approach orgasm, but not being able to help but indulge myself as her body tempted me so greatly.

She explored her body for my viewing pleasure, fondling her breasts, teasing her nipples, fingering herself - but more than anything she teased her sensitive little clit. And as I felt her orgasm approaching? I had her stop, entirely. She argued. She begged. But...she relented to my insistence.

She was moaning and shaking with raw desire. She needed to reach orgasmic bliss badly - and we both knew it. And yet she obeyed my instruction to not touch herself. Instead, she began to beg for something else: for me to touch her instead. And...I wanted to, but I wanted to make her wait, beg, and service me before she could have any of the pleasures her body needed so dearly and desperately.

I couldn't help but smile to myself, though. She took direction well. Eagerly and with pleasure, even. And while I fully intended to let her cum, hell - make her cum explosively, if I could - I had no intention of letting her rush it.

I tied her up, barely pausing as I went to touch her briefly. Finger her slightly, caress the curves of her breasts... 

And then I put my cock in her mouth, before whispering:

"Make me cum, and I'll give you more pleasure than you can imagine my dear..."

Her eyes grew larger, not necessarily showing surprise but more wondering how quickly she could accomplish what was demanded of her. I could almost see the calculations in her mind - estimating how long it would take to make me cum with her best efforts and then, finally, pursue her own pleasure. Her mouth engulfed (no other word seems appropriate & fitting) my cock. I won't pretend to be exceptional in that regard - pushing seven inches is all I can claim - but she took it entirely without hesitation or gagging. Once her saliva had coated my entire cock she began a different tactic. Her tongue acted as an instrument of teasing, caressing the underside of my cock with particular focus on the head (which was nearly pulsing with need at this point). Her lips would pause to kiss it, almost lovingly, before her tongue would return to more sensual caresses. She begged me to untie her hand while promising to only use it on me - and given the pleasure she was delivering with such success I relented quickly. Her hand swiftly moved to the base of my cock and began stroking it while her lips and tongue focused on my cock's head. 

I took the pictures originally because I wanted something to stoke the fires of lust I felt for her in the future. Now? That camera was forgotten. All I could see or conceive of was the pleasure she was generating. My hands were on her breasts, such orbs of delight, and fondling them roughly. My touch had been gentler earlier, but as orgasm rapidly approached my hands were far less gentle. She didn't seem to mind, though. If anything - the roughness of my current caress was motivating her to greater efforts. It wasn't long before I felt it approaching and, as tempting as it was to erupt without warning it felt ungentlemanly to do so. I whispered...

"I'm going to cum...and it's going to be a lot. Swallow, my sweet Belle."

And as the word Belle left my lips I felt my cock twitch, wave after wave of orgasm overwhelm every nerve ending in my body, and copious amounts of sperm erupt down her throat. True to her instructions, though, she didn't falter. She not only swallowed every drop - she used her tongue and lips to milk out every last drop she could before pulling back and briefly kissing the tip.

"Did I do well, Master?"

The word sent a shiver up my spine, and while I had expected to need time to recover I somehow knew my cock would be demanding more from her sooner than I had anticipated. Still, I nodded with a gentle smile.

"The pleasure you just gave me was without equal. My sexy, gorgeous little slut - I'm going to have to make the best of efforts to return the favor."

She giggled, a sound that was both cute and sexy at the same time. It was almost schoolgirl-ish, but her voice was deep with a more mature lust as she spoke again.

"Master, I'm about to cum without being touched... Give me the attention I need and I'll be screaming in minutes."

That made me smile. Before doing anything else I tied up her hand again. She didn't complain, but she did close her eyes. 

She wanted darkness to accompany her pleasure? All the better.

My original plan had been to spend ages exploring her body and building her up before letting her reach a climax. However, seeing the need in her eyes earlier and coming down from the delicious high of the orgasm she so enthusiastically delivered, I decided to pursue those delayed pleasures only after returning the favor to her. As I crawled on top of her, a quiet 'mmm' issued from her lips. Did she imagine I was about to enter her? If so - she guessed wrong. Surprisingly, my dick was rallying quickly and was already at least half hard. Still, I wanted to give her what felt like a more delicate and deliberate pleasure. 

My lips fell to her neck, first. She moaned, loudly with pleasure but also with the tiniest hint of protest. She wanted more, and quickly. Ah... I was going to give her more quite soon, but not quite as quickly as she hoped. I kissed the tender flesh of her neck repeatedly, softly. Her neck felt almost on fire, and her moans became quieter but more pointed - confirming for me that my attention was having the desired effect. Before long, my lips moved farther south to her breasts. I suckled her nipples eagerly, while caressing and fondling her breasts gently. Her moans raised in volume and frequency, and I took this as an indicator that rougher attention was merited. My fondling and caressing soon reflected that demanded roughness - and my lips and tongue were joined by my teeth barely grazing her nipples. Ah...and those moans grew even louder still. Her hips involuntarily raised slightly, letting her bush barely raise to meet me. She didn't ask for more with her words, but her body made it clear she wanted far more. I continued my rougher attentions briefly, but before long decided to give her what she wanted...and, by this point, deserved.

I began kissing my way down from her breasts. Over her stomach. Nearing her bush, and moving past it...

Barely before my lips reached her pussy, I let a single finger enter her, and she sharply drew in breath. The finger went in easily and was soon joined by a second - she was overwhelmingly wet and ready. Normally, I'd soon follow this by letting my thumb pay attention to her clit (which I knew was particularly sensitive), but...she had earned more. My tongue began trailing barely around her clit as my fingers increased their pace. Her hips were rising more forcefully now, trying to control the attention and pace - but I held her legs in place firmly. She moaned in desperate protest, and I gave in to the desire to please her. My tongue moved closer and closer, before finally making direct contact with her clit. Her body shuddered almost violently, but my tongue and fingers continued their work. 

"Master...yes...Oh GOD...yes...I'll be your slut, your pet...just DON'T STOP!"

...I worried my tongue's attention of her clit at this point would be too much, but her begging me to not stop assured me it wasn't. Clearly, the lingering pace of our games and teasing had built her up to explosive heights as easily as it had me. I untied her legs and she wrapped them around my head. Fingering her at this point became difficult, but I kept going as my tongue treated her clit as if it were the center of my universe. And, in that moment, it truly was. 

Two orgasms, back to back, racked her body before her body relaxed and went limp. I untied her hands, let my arms slip around her, and held her. She purred with appreciation.

"Not a bad first meeting, Belle?"

"Mmm... How soon can we meet again?"