 We come into our English lesson again. This was the second English lesson where we had a supply teacher. As usual this was a video lesson so as we took our new seats which was not on the seating plan. I had no friends in this lesson but I noticed a girl sat next to me. She was someone I knew but I wouldn't say friend. The lights went off and the room went pitch black with only a sight haze from the TV. I was sat in the corner right at the back of this room not really paying much attention to this film. The girl who sat next to me was a bit of a tom boy. Very slim, A cup boobs long dark hair and full lips. Her shirt was tightly fitted and showed her slender figure.. Even though we were both 18 and the oldest year group in the school we still had to wear our uniform. The only difference was that we had a different tie to the lower school. 

As we watched the film which I think was called old man and the sea when I started messing about with her. Just play hitting at first then we started seeing if we could squeeze each others leg so tight that the other person gave up. When we wanted to give up we'd hit the other person in the stomach. I hit her a little too high and touched her boob by mistake. She looked at me saying "not so high, that was my tit" I told her I didn't notice cause they we so small anyway. We went back to our silly game but she didn't squeeze as hard, instead she moved her hand a little higher. I brushed her hand off as I was confused. Then I noticed what she was trying to do. I waited a minute and put my arm around her so my hand was on her waist. I moved it up under her jumper until I felt her bra. I was a little scared as this was the first time I had touched a girl. She put her hand between my legs and rubbed my erection. I went higher groping her. I started to feel her nipples through her bra and I started rubbing harder. She kept on rubbing until I realised I was going to cum. I looked at her with begging eyes and asked her to stop. She just smiled and carried on. With a feeling of fear thinking the room would somehow find out I let her finish.

I climaxed hard into my underwear feeling each spasm. I gripped her breast tighter with each stroke of my cumming cock. I felt a damp patch on my crotch and i put my hand over hers around my spent erection. She knew what she had done and just smiled. 

Lucky for me it was last lesson which meant after a quick 20 minute walk home if I avoided my friends I could clean myself up. She didn't let me off so easy though. As I went to leave the lesson when dismissed she came with me. She lived in the same direction and it was an awkward 15 minutes until she carried straight on and I went left. She said she'd clean me off if I wanted. It was then I didn't know what to even say. I walked to behind the houses where she followed. I was getting a little horny again and as we went down the single track path I decided to walk behind her so I could enjoy the view. 

She asked me to hold on to her shoulders so she didn't fall as it was a little muddy. The path had many off routes to dens made by other boys. I was not content with my hands being on her shoulders and I moved them closer to her small breasts. I could again feel her nipples harden under my fingers through her school shirt. My dick was hard again but still damp. After a few minutes we got to a small area under some trees. She asked me to get it out for her to clean. I put my school bag down and I started to unzip my trousers. As I did she took her jumper off and loosened her tie and undid her shirt enough to see some of her white lace bra. I pulled out my erect cock and sat on a fallen tree. She knelt in front of me and I was already on edge. 

As she leant forward I could see her tiny tits being held by a delicate lace bra down her top. She took my hard large cock in one down her mouth. The sticky mess was gone in one motion and she flicked her tongue on my tip. As my shaft became wetter I reached forward to feel her breasts. This being my first blowjob I did not take long for me to cum. I didn't know where to finish so I told her I was nearly finished. She didn't slow down and the next thing I felt was my cock twitching as my cum was filling her mouth. She seemed a little shocked with the amount and it spilt out of her mouth and down her chin and neck all the way to her breasts. I could see her nipples through her shirt as she stood up. I was overwhelmed with everything and quickly pulled my trousers up and picked up my bag. I kissed her salty lips as I didn't know what to even say.

"I'm coming back to yours okay"

I was still shocked and now more so that she had invited herself to my house. My parents weren't in so I agreed and took her the 2 minute walk to my house.

I took her to my room and sat on the bed with her next to me. I moved my face to hers, kissed for a long time. Her hand was on my chest and mine on her bare neck moving over her shirt to feel the lace of her bra under her shirt between my fingers.

My pants tightened feeling her perky small breasts.

Her hand slowly crept up my inner thigh as my excitement built wanting very desperately for her to wrap her hand around my quickly hardening dick. She sat up and straddled my lap, grinding into me a bit as we continued to make out. I slid my hands up her tight stomach resting just under her breasts at the hem of her bra. She sat up and pushed back a bit, breaking our kiss, looking down at her breasts.

I took a deep breath and moved my hands to the sides of her breasts. God they felt good. Even over her shirt and bra this was the most intimate I'd ever been with a girl.

"You're gorgeous." I reassured. I wanted more, I wanted to tear her blouse open and fuck her right there, but I didn't want to be too forward. I fondled her small globes, kneading them in my hands and slowly moved to her top button popping it open and watching for any sign of resistance, then the next button down, by the time the third was unbuttoned a hint of her cleavage was spilling out in front of me, her pale soft flesh just inches from my face.

She grasped my hand and slid it forcibly under her skirt and onto the bare flesh above what I now found to be stockings.

As my hand began its rapid journey along the naked flesh so did her hand reach for my now throbbing erection. Deftly unzipping my trousers she pulled it out and began to rub it quite forcibly.

In the meantime, though, my hand had now reached the top of her thigh to find that she was not wearing a thong beneath her skirt.

With my cock exposed I decided to part her lips with me fingers and place my tip at her entrance.

Her eyes widened as I pushed my hips into hers rhythmically fucking her pussy.

Her back arched and her shirt hugged her small buds which turned me on greatly.

The world is spinning and I fuck her hard as I cum deep in her. Distantly I hear her cries of relief as I start to loose control of reality.

Slowly the world comes back to me, I've lost grasp of time, it feels as if I've been gone for hours when I know in reality it's a question of minutes.

My cock is still deep in her and I think about how lucky I am who have met such a wonderful person. I lean forward and kiss her neck, she turns her head and meets my lips and kiss me back. 

My spent member flops out now and she pulls her skirt down. She straightens her shirt and tie.