 'Dammit,' she thought. He had left the bathroom door open again while he was in there. Now, she loved him and all, but she had no interest in seeing him in the bathroom. She grabbed the basket of clothes from the counter and headed for the bedroom to put them away. Doing this took her past the bathroom door. She didn't think anything about it until she heard soft grunting noises from inside. 

She was a little worried about him. He had been in there for a few minutes and now he was making funny noises. She looked at the clock; it was seven forty-five and then needed to leave for work soon. She didn't want to, but she felt like she needed to check on him. She set down the basket and braced herself, in case anything was wrong. She poked her left eye and her nose around the edge of the door to see what was going on.

There he was, sitting on the toilet, cock in hand, his arm pumping away like mad. There was a bottle of lubricant on the edge of the bathtub next to him and he had a Playboy on the floor in front of him, the centerfold looking up at him and smiling. He was pulling it hard, the head dark purple, even under his darkened skin. His penis wasn't particularly large, but was just like the rest of him: lean and mean. There was almost no body fat on him, which was the way she liked it. She was always amazed by his strength and endurance during sex. At least now she knew part of the secret of his endurance.

She smirked and silently moved toward the living room to make a couple of phone calls.

---

'Oh yeah, Kalin' he thought, looking down at his favorite Playmate, her ass sticking up in the air. He was going to cum on her face this time, he decided. After all, it was his fantasy. His eyes darted toward the door. SHE never let him cum on her face, even after all the pussy eating he did. It only seemed fair, right?

He gritted his teeth and jerked even harder, his nipple rings bouncing off of his chest. 'Yeah, bitch! This will teach you!' He could feel his orgasm approaching. This was going to be a good one, he could tell.

---

She crept back up the small hallway of their apartment, trying not to make any noise. She got back to the doorway and peered in. She could tell he was close because of the way he was holding his shaft. Whenever he was about to cum, he held it straight up by his stomach.

She had never thought about it, but he made quite an appearance with his nipple rings and all of his Spider-Man tattoos. The Spider-Man mask on the inside of his right arm constantly changed shape as his arm moved back and forth. She could almost taste his seed as it began to boil in his balls.

She smirked again and pushed the door open.

---

She walked in and he started to cover himself out of reflex. She reached down and grabbed his hair and pushed his head back.

"What are you doing," she yelled. "I didn't tell you that you could play with yourself."

Josh started to push himself off the toilet only to have Faith push him back down. "You are going to sit there and keep your hands off of that. Do you understand?"

Josh started to argue, but saw the look in her eyes. It was the same look she used when she was going to tie him up. He knew better than to argue, so he only nodded.

"Good. Now put your hands behind your back." He did so. Faith then grinned as she pulled her shirt off, leaving her breasts bobbing slightly. She then turned her back on him and pulled down her shorts, bending over as she did so. She stayed in that position for a short time, showing off her freshly waxed pussy lips. She reached a hand back and twirled the tip of her finger around her clit, pushing it gently around in circles

Josh started to lean forward to lick her, but she stood and spun and pushed him back.

"You are not to touch me unless I allow it. Do you understand?" He nodded again. "Good." She put her leg up on the edge of the bathtub and cocked her hip out in that direction. His eyes were on her body the entire time. He didn't know what he was in for, but he was determined to see everything.

She closed her eyes and ran her hands over her neck and throat, moaning softly at the touch of her soft skin. She moved her fingertips down her neck to her breasts, lightly touching the sensitive skin. She pinched her pink nipples, causing them to harden slightly. Running her fingers around her aureole made them puff up and her nipples stand out. She licked her fingers and rubbing her nipples harder, causing Josh to make a high pitched whiny noise in his throat. She liked it when he did that. It meant he wanted her. Badly.

She moved her hands further south, though the valley of her breasts onto the plains of her stomach. From there, she rubbed her hands against the freshly waxed skin of her pubic area. She traced small pattern with her fingertips before moving her hands over her pelvis and into her pussy. One hand held her lips open while her thumb rested on her clit. The other pushed two fingers into her folds, moving slowly in and out.

Josh licked his lips, his tongue piercings clacking on his bright white teeth. He leaned his head forward slightly, hoping to taste her, but he knew if he did, she would hold out on him. He might not get any for months. He held still, his hands still behind him.

Faith kept up her motions, knowing that the rhythm she had set up would keep Josh on the edge of his seat, wanting to watch her cum, while gettin her on the edge of orgasm quickly. She gasped as she hit her hot spot just right, causing her body to jerk. She was not a passive person during masturbation. Josh had once gotten a split lip when she bucked while he was going down on her. She certainly didn't just lay there.

She balanced herself again and leaned toward Josh's face slightly, her eyes on fire. She starting pumping her fingers faster, looking down at his bobbing shaft. She could tell by the way he was leaning over slightly that he wanted to cum so bad that it hurt. It was almost like he was trying to rub himself with his stomach. He was leaning further forward, mere inches from her wetness, when she cried out as full orgasm hit. Her knees buckled and she fell back against he sink with a thump. None of this kept her fingers from moving, driving herself completely over the edge.

Josh almost went to her. Almost. He knew that she was an active person in the throes of orgasm, but also knew that she had told him not to move. If he did in circumstances other than an emergency, he was in trouble. She leaned there, her hands dropping from her pussy, he eyes still half rolled back in her head. She gathered herself with a deep breath and stood upright, with help from the sink. She took another deep breath and nodded at him.

Josh whipped his hands around him in an instant, grabbing his cock and jerking it like there was no tomorrow. He looked up at her and started making encouraging noises and telling him that she wanted it so bad, she could taste it. He groaned and stroked even faster, if that were possible. He kept running his thumb over the head on the upstroke, eliciting a deeper and deeper moan from his throat with each pull of the head.

Finally, he exploded, his breath catching in his throat. He shot his cum all over the edge of the toilet and onto the floor, while getting some on Faith's legs. He jerked and jerked for a full minute after orgasm, slowly reducing his pace. He leaned back against the toilet and sighed, trying desperately to catch his breath. His eyelids twitched as he fought to get his eyes to stay forward. After a good two minutes, he got his eyes open and looked at her, standing in front of him with hands on her hips.

"Look what you did," she ordered, pointing at the cum on her legs. He started to say something, but she cut him off. "We're going to have to take a shower to get this cleaned up."

"But what about work," he asked. "We're already late!" He was worried about losing his job.

Faith simply smiled. "Well, it seems that both of us were called in sick to work earlier. So, about that shower..."

Josh grinned and turned on the water...