 At first she thought it was an amazing transformation, and then she realized that maybe it was just the real her coming out. However, in the end, Kendall really wasn't certain what it was.

Between her mother's experiences with men and her own meager ones, she had gone through her early dating years having a very low opinion of men and boys; so much so that she had turned to women. Her mother had given her all the sex she felt she needed at the time and a dildo had given her the penetration effect. Still, she never considered herself a lesbian, thinking herself more bisexual, even though she had never experienced, nor had any desire to experience, the other side.

Then along comes Mark, and like instantly deciding you want meat for dinner instead of fish, she suddenly can't get enough cock.

Kendall started out thinking it was the lesbian sex, and then considered that it was incest, and then decided it was the erotica. Now, she just didn't know and wasn't sure it really mattered.

All Kendall did know was that she couldn't wait until after school for their "study" session. She had texted him once to make certain they were still on; he responded affirmatively. She wanted to text him more, perhaps little seductive remarks, as though doing so would make the boring school day pass quicker. But she resisted, fearing she might overdo it with him.

Finally, the hour arrived. Kendall toyed with the idea of greeting him naked or in a sexy nightgown (there were a couple of her mother's she could wear), but she opted to wear his favorite blue jean skirt and a low-cut, button-up blouse.

So excited was she that the echo of his knock on the door had not faded before she opened the door.

Mark had prepared himself not to be too surprised when he saw her, certain she would be dressed to allure. He'd sensed her eagerness in her text message and tried to contain his own with his response. But he was just as anxious for this afternoon to arrive as he figured she was, and somehow, he knew there was more going on between them than met the eye.

She pulled him in, closed the door and gave him a big hug. "I'm so glad to see you again."

"It's only been two days," he noted, pretending it was nothing. However, he couldn't maintain the deceit. "But I am also."

Kendall was beaming as she led him into the living room where they sat on the sofa. She had Pepsi's set out for them and handed him is.

Slowly, Mark took a couple of sips, using the time to also steal looks at Kendall's hot body. She sat with one leg folded on the sofa, the other on the floor, and both were spread as wide as the hem of her blue jean skirt would stretch. Her upper body was bent slightly toward him held up by her forearms on her lap. He was somewhat amused that she was giving him any view he wanted—either up her skirt or down her top—now that they were intimate. He couldn't decide which was better: having to sneak peeks or having it given to him.

"So, how bad are you really in English?"

"Not bad really," Kendall giggled. "I could be much better if I really applied myself."

"Why don't you?" Mark asked as though he couldn't understand why she didn't apply herself.

She shrugged. "It's not one of my favorite subjects."

He nodded. "So, you really don't need my help."

"I guess the short answer is no," Kendall replied, reaching out to rub her palm along his forearm. "But maybe your help could get me motivated to do better."

"What areas do you need motivation?"

"Conjugation." With a smirk, Kendall added, "Maybe not so much motivation as help."

He instantly realized she was toying with him, which didn't bother him because he liked where it was going. "Okay, well, let's hit the books. Where are they?"

"In my bedroom."

"Ah, of course."

* * *

Even though she had said she would not, Donna found it extremely difficult to convince herself that she should stay at work and not slip away early to get home while Kendall and Mark were studying. She had been questioning her motive all day long: was she attempting to "catch" them, and if so, catch them at what?

She had convinced herself that the two teens were more attracted to one another than they let on. If she discovered that to be true, then what would she do? Anything or nothing? Would simply knowing that she was right give her some kind of satisfaction, and if so, would that be enough? If not, what would she do next? 

How dangerous could this be to herself, to Kendall, to George?

Donna could not answer any of these questions in her mind. She could only torment herself with the possibilities. At least knowing would give her some peace of mind, even though it might unleash greater fears and concerns. Those, she realized as she grabbed her purse and left her office, would just be the chance she would have to take and she would have to deal with the results accordingly.

* * *

Kendall stood, took Mark's hand and led him off. He took a seat at the foot of her bed. Of course there were no books to be found, but she did make a show of pretending to look for them. She stepped over to her desk and bent over, exposing her legs completely and nearly revealing her beautiful rear, feigning to rummage through drawers. She turned around to go through more drawers but facing him this time, and a button that had been buttoned was now magically undone allowing her generous bosom to spill forward. Next she climbed onto the foot of her bed at one corner and crawled diagonally across on hands and knees, her breasts hanging down and jiggling, her skirt nearly up to her ass. She leaned her trunk down to peruse through the night table and he could see the pouting lips of her pussy, indicating she had nothing on under the skirt.

Of course, finding no books anywhere, she turned around with a perplexed expression, then crawled nearer to him and sat on her heels. She ran a hand from his folded knee up his thigh almost to his crotch. "I guess we'll just have to do it the hard way." As she said this, her hand reached the bulge in his pants.

Leaning back on one elbow, Mark surmised, "So, have you been planning this charade or did you just think of it on the spot in the car Sunday?"

Assuming a similar position facing him, Kendall revealed, "A little bit of both." Her hand traveled down his opposite thigh. "Are you angry?"

"Angry? No. More like irritated. But with myself," Mark quickly added, "for not anticipating this."

Her hand was making its way back up to his hard cock. "Would it have changed anything?"

He grinned. "Probably not."

"Well, here, maybe this will make you feel better." She leaned closer and slowly touched her lips to his in a slow-building kiss as he had taught her. As her hand continued to caress his steel rod and balls through his pants, and as bad as she wanted the spike inside her, kissing him, she had found, was as much of a turn-on as almost anything else they did, so she was content to allow their tongues to explore.

After several minutes she was ready to move on, so she sat up on her heels again and pushed Mark back so that he was nearly supine and resting on his elbows. To entice him, she unsnapped his jeans, but made no attempt to slide down his zipper. Instead, she raised the bottom of his shirt and placed tender, wet kisses on his abdomen and sensually bathed his naval in saliva.

With her skirt hiked up, she dragged her damp pussy along his raised thigh and moved back up for another taste of his lips while dry-humping his cock through his jeans. But she couldn't take that for long and had to slide back down and remove his pants entirely. She was pleased to see the sizable wet circle on his drawers.

Mark sat up to latch onto her creamy breasts, so Kendall eased into a sitting position and scooted closer to him crotch to crotch, draping her legs over his at his hips. They resumed kissing. Both found this an enticing position which caused them to grind their genitals together. She leaned back allowing him to paw her tits. She used to hate guys who tried to grab her breasts, but Mark did it so wonderfully she couldn't get enough. However, there was too much in the way so he quickly and expertly unbuttoned the few remaining buttons that weren't already undone and she moved her arms into position for easy removal. But he didn't stop there. The bra had to go as well, and in seconds, it was.

He paused momentarily, in awe of the perfect orbs that hung on her chest as though they had been sculpted to flawlessness by the greatest artist ever. The half-inch firm nipples that crowned these works of art could not be resisted. The thumb and forefinger of each hand gently grasped each nipple, but tenderly and gently as though he was holding the most delicate objet d'art. His tongue and lips had to be in on the sensation, sucking lightly to her moans. Gradually, his other fingers spread out to cup her entire breasts and to softly massage them. 

Not to be outdone, Kendall removed Mark's shirt and performed similar actions on him.

With rising fervor, their lips met again and their arms wrapped around each other in an intense kiss. Mark's mouth traveled down her neck, kissing and sucking, careful not to leave telltale hickeys, and back down to those succulent nipples. 

Now, Kendall became aggressive kissing and licking all over Mark's chest. She pushed him onto his back where she assaulted his nipples. She even pushed his legs up and got between them as though she was going to fuck him. Instead she just rubbed her abdomen all over his leaking cock. Sitting back, she extended his left leg straight up and kissed it up and down, then did the same to his other leg before zeroing in on his rigid member pointing right at her.

She intended to swallow it down to the root, but having never done that before, not to mention not ever having even given a blow job, she did not succeed.

Amid her gagging, Mark lifted himself onto his elbows. "Don't worry about it. We'll work our way up to you being down there." He could see that she was upset with herself for possibly ruining the mood. But the sight of her in nothing but the blue jean skirt was not only enough to bring it back, but nearly sufficient for him to come.

He pushed her onto her back and kissed his way up her legs to the hem of her skirt, which was higher than it was supposed to be. He sat up to take one last look at her naked except for the skirt. "What a sight," Mark commented. "If only I had a camera."

It brought a smile to Kendall's lips helping her to regain the mood. Only then did Mark reluctantly remove the skirt, pressing it to his nose to inhale her delightful scent, and then reverently draping it over the headboard of the bed.

The beads of liquid forming on her pussy lips attracted Mark's tongue like a bee to a flower, and he gently licked her petals enjoying her sweet nectar. It was too tasty not to go further, so he dipped his tongue into her depths savoring the softness of her inner walls and the firm button that was her clit. He devoured the succulent liquid that poured forth into his thirsty mouth. Locking his lips around her vagina, he French-kissed it as though it was her facial lips

Kendall was moaning her pleasure, her hips gyrating to fuck his mouth. Wrapping her legs around his waist, her toes found the elastic of his underpants and forced their way in pushing them down as far she could extend her legs: just below his ass cheeks. As he continued to delight her pussy, she tapped the arches of her feet on his now bare buttocks.

That actually hurt Mark so he grabbed her legs and pushed them up and back, her knees nearly touching her chin. This had the added advantage of exposing her pussy to give him better access. As he continued to make love to it with his mouth, Mark's mind reveled over what a great part of the female body the vagina was. He'd always considered himself a tit man, and while he still loved to look at and, now, fondle those wonderful globes, pussy was becoming his new favorite because of all the pleasure it gave: he could lick and suck and bask in its delicious taste, he could touch and feel its delicateness with his fingers and hands, and most importantly, its interior provided the absolute greatest feeling and sensation his penis could ever encounter.

So, over whelmed with the power it had over him was he that he aimed his pointed tongue at her puckered asshole, ran his tongue around it, then licked all the way up, spreading her pussy lips on to her the hard nub of her clit.

Kendall let out a scream of pleasure that could have broken crystal.

* * *

Quietly exiting her car that she idled into the driveway to create as little noise as possible, Donna heard the blood-curdling sound and instantly feared the worst. She rushed to the rear door of her house ready to burst in, but just as quickly decided to maintain her stealthiness. If Mark was hurting her daughter, surprise might be her only weapon.

However, once inside, she heard: "Fuck me, Mark, please fuck me."

Donna halted, a mixture of emotions suddenly flooding her: of course, relief that Kendall was not being hurt or forced against her will, surprised to hear her daughter begging for sex from a male, and strangely, excitement about the thought of the two teens doing it. For an instant, she wondered where her anger was, but her child's further moaning sounds of obvious pleasure immediately replaced the ounce of anger with eager inquisitiveness. 

Quietly setting her purse on the kitchen counter, Donna tiptoed down the hall to spy on the stimulating action. After watching for a few seconds, she thought, damn, that's hot! Without knowing why, she pulled out her cell phone and snapped pictures

* * *

Despite Kendall's pleading, Mark's passionate mind was obsessed with his tongue action between her butt hole and clit. He gluttonously continued it.

"Please," Kendall urged wantonly, "fill me with your hard dick. I need it so badly."

Unable to deny her any longer, with Kendall's legs still fold back, Mark knee-walked closer, his turgid rod swaying from side to side like a dog sniffing its target, it mystically found its prey and slid right in to the hilt with no assistance.

"Ohhhhh, yesssss," Kendall cried.

Mark pumped away, backing out to the head of his penis and then all the way in to the root in slow, determined strokes.

* * *

More emotions inundated Donna's already crowded mind. Relief and surprise faded with excitement floating dominantly to the top. Disbelief filtered in, less because she was witnessing her 18 year-old daughter having sex with a boy and more because she was becoming so incredibly aroused by the triple-X display the teens were putting on. She could already feel her own pussy leaking.

Part of her knew she should step in and put a stop to this, but the other part wanted to know why. It was wrong, one side argued; however, the other countered: they're both of age and if she stopped them here and they really wanted to continue doing it they would just find some other place, so she really couldn't stop them. Besides, she rationalized, she had been attempting to encourage Kendall to see boys and the ever clever teen simply skipped down to the good part. Yet, how much was mother's own arousal clouding her judgment?

Either way, Donna was way too mesmerized to do anything but continue to salaciously watch as Mark leaned forward between Kendall's legs and pressed his mouth to hers in a lewd kiss. His hips pivoted backward and forward as he continued to plow her.

If only she was behind them, Donna wished, where she could observe Mark's cock and balls pistoning in and out of her daughter's slurping snatch. When his mouth latched onto Kendall's perky nipples, Donna's own hands pinched her own nipples.

Donna had no idea how long the kids had been at this, but it must have been a while because in short order, Kendall's moaning reached a crescendo and soon after, Mark joined in the harmony.

"I'm coming," Donna heard Kendall yell.

"Me, too," Mark groaned.

And Donna could tell by their jerky movements that they were experiencing simultaneous orgasms.

When Mark finally rolled off of Kendall, Donna's instinct was to sneak out as quietly as she had come. But for some reason she couldn't quite bring herself to leave, so she held off for a couple of seconds as the teens caught their breath.

"Damn, I love to fuck you," Kendall said.

"You're not so bad yourself."

Well, that answered that question, Donna realized. They've done this before.

"Mark, do me a favor," Kendall said in a little girl voice. "Suck your come out of my pussy, while I lick it off your cock." Without waiting for his response, she got on top of him—and to Donna's amazement he was still rock hard—and slowly slurped at the mixture of juices coating his dick. Meanwhile, the girl planted her dripping pussy on the boy's mouth, and Donna could see the concoction of white creamy liquid trickling onto his tongue.

Well, her daughter might be a good fuck, but she could use some lessons in cocksucking. But that was almost immaterial considering the erotic nature of what they were doing. Donna didn't know how much more she could stand to watch. She might have to fuck Kendall herself later, or if only she could fuck Mark. That thought just caused a few drops to further moisten her panties. She also couldn't believe she was thinking such a notion. Fucking a teenage boy—how perverted was that? Or was it any more so than fucking her own daughter. Were she and her daughter turning into Nymphomaniacs?

Before Donna could ponder that notion, the sound of the kids beginning to wriggle around refocused her attention on them and she could sense they were gearing up for more action.

Donna was not disappointed. 

With lips smeared with saliva and cum, the teens returned to sitting positions facing each other, squirming as close as possible so that their genitals were touching, they engaged in another sensual lip lock that was as much to digest more body fluids as it was a kiss. Mark lifted Kendall up by her ass then dropped her pussy down piercing it with his cock as though he was impaling a pumpkin on a stake.

Kendall groaned in pleasure as they fucked in small movements, a combination of wiggling, twisting, rotating and any other motion they could come up with that caused internal friction. She then leaned back on her hands which allowed her room to pump. Mark reached around to her lower back and pulled her to and fro. Throughout it all, when they could, their lips always made contact.

If the rest wasn't enough, just watching them kiss was a pretty good turn on, Donna thought.

Finally, Mark pushed Kendall down onto her back, his cock never leaving the warm embrace of her pussy, and then stretched his legs out in the classic missionary position. She grabbed his ass and pulled on it driving him deeper within her.

When it happened, Donna was amazed that they—particularly Mark—could come again so quickly. They finished with more kissing, Kendall even running her tongue around his lips as though she was applying saliva lipstick.

Incredibly hot sex aside, Donna realized that there was much more going on here than just two horny kids having sex. But now was not the time to ponder that idea. She had already overstayed her time so she put up her cell phone—how many pictures had she taken?—turned and quickly tip-toed down the hall, quietly exited out the back door and returned to her car.

Once inside, Donna was about to view the photos she had taken with her cell phone, but the images of the unbelievably erotic scene she had just witnessed were so vivid in her mind, she didn't need it. Instead, Donna urgently rummaged through her purse for her mini-vibrator. A second later, having tongue lubricated it, not that any lubrication was needed given the moisture content of her aroused pussy, she had her skirt pulled up, the elastic leg of her panties pulled to one side, and was ramming the tool into her needy vagina. As sexually charged as she was it took no more than a few minutes for her to climax. She wanted to scream out as the wave of pleasure engulfed her, but she didn't want to draw attention so she grabbed a hankie from her purse and stuffed it in her mouth to muffle any sound she couldn't control.
