 I felt the hand gently shaking my shoulder. "Time to wake up Tall, you still have a few more weeks of school left and then you can sleep your days away." It was Louise, our housekeeper. "What went on around here last night? It looks like you had an orgy, but there was only two of you."

As consciousness slowly seeped into my sleeping brain, last night started to creep back into focus. "What are you talking about, Louise?" I mumbled, as it started to all come back to me.

"This place smells like a bordello, and just look at the bed, and those good towels. My God, Tall, you'd think all I had to do was pick up after you and forget all about the rest of this big old house." She complained.

"About the towels, sweetie, is there any chance that we can recycle the pink ones and make them come back another color? ANY COLOR?" I moaned, as I tried to get my head under the covers and avoid the sunbeam, which was invading my domain. "I had a rough night last night. I don't suppose you find a little mercy and understanding in your heart, and find me some coffee?" She tapped me on the head, lifted the blanket off my head and said, "Yass Massa, here's yo coffee." I hate it when she does that. Louise is my very best, all time good buddy, can't get along without you friend in the whole world. "Louise I love every square inch of you!" I said, sitting up and taking the proffered cup of steaming coffee. "No smart cracks about my weight, Virgil Jr.!" she whined. Now I was in deep shit. Louise is sensitive about her size. Word is she was a knockout before Camille was born. She still is beautiful, but now quite large. "Sorry Louise that was not meant to be a wise crack." I apologized.

"Look Tall, I really need a few minutes of your time this afternoon when you get home, and your father wants you to have dinner with us here tonight. Think we can work it out?" she asked.

"No problem, I'll be home before three, I have some studying to do for finals and I have got to start on my term paper for Ms. Stone's class. I would also like to talk a couple of ideas over with dad later after dinner too." I said, as I stood up to head for the shower.

"Great day!!!! Tall, I haven't seen anything like that in a long time. Very nice indeed." Louise said. It was then that I felt the breeze on my very erect morning piss hard on. I realized that I had neglected to put anything on before I went to sleep last night. Louise reached her soft black hand out and cradled my hard prick. Her plump fingers wrapped around it but not far enough to touch her thumb. "Oh my sweet Little Cool One, it's been so long." She whispered as she gently started to stroke me. 

"Louise, I really gotta take a leak, and I don't think you better keep that up, if you know what I mean."

She sighed and dropped her hand to her side and looked me. I could see tears welling up in her eyes, and sadness that I had never seen before. "We'll talk when I get home from school. Thanks for waking me and bringing me the coffee, you're my life saver."

"I love you Tall Cool." She said as she turned and headed towards the stairs up to the house, "See you after school."

The last month of high school, before graduation, can be a real grind. My band had music jobs booked three of the four weekends, and then we didn't know what was going to happen. Al, our drummer, and Terry, our rhythm guitar player, were both planning on college in the fall, and Dennis, our bass player, was traveling with his dad for six weeks up north somewhere. I had no concrete plans, for the summer, but was hoping to spend some time with sister Dianne, in New York. I really wanted to pursue music. I didn't know what my dad had in mind, but I was hoping he would not make too big a fuss if I did not want to join him in his contracting business until I had a chance to see if I could make my talent pay off. I wanted to prove to myself that it was possible to make a living playing music. I might fall on my ass, but hey, it's my ass. My family had more money than we could ever spend, but I had never been part of earning it so, I didn't feel it was up to me to spend too much of it until I earned some on my own. Although, I have everything I have ever wanted, and a lot of things I really never needed, but I always got good grades in school, took hard classes, and my dad never has refused me a reasonable request. I was soon to find out my life was about to change.

School was a blur this day. Everybody was excited about getting their yearbooks, and signing each other's so as to always be remembered. Class rings were to be delivered. Caps and gowns to be fitted, class pictures to share, and of coarse, finals. I have excellent retention so with a very minimum of study I had no fear of any of my class final exams. My only sticky point was the term paper I would be writing for our beloved English teacher, Ms. Stone. Ms. Stone is an icon in this school, she is beautiful, the most intelligent person you will ever meet, and a very demanding teacher. She expects each of her students to do their best and she grades according to your ability, not necessarily according to what you know. Creativity will get you everywhere. I wanted to be particularly creative with this paper this year because she had been very inspiring to my music as she had organized the talent contest at the school that my band had first entered, and won, which started us on our way with our playing music in places other that at the school.

My theme was going to be how the music had influenced me and changed my perspective on life. I also wanted to somehow include how an obviously out of shape, tall, eighteen year old, suddenly became the apple of so many female eyes, simply because I could play the guitar. Now, I am no rock star here, just a good sideman. I play solid. I know tons of songs, and I sing good harmony. I learned to fuck when I was fifteen, learned what to say to women to keep them interested, don't really care what size, shape, or color they are, just that they are interesting and not too stupid. Being stupid will get you into trouble, and I don't need any trouble. I want to impress this lady because she impresses me.

I drove home thinking about the events of the last couple of days and had to shake my head. Things were happening at light speed and I really had to slow down until after school was out. I didn't see much hope in that though. As I pulled into the yard, Karen walked over to my car as I got out, stood on her tiptoes and gave me a warm kiss. Smiling, she asked, "Well, did you enjoy fucking my mother last night? She ate your cum out of my pussy before she went over to your place and when she came home, I returned the favor. You must have been good, she was wiped out when she got home."

Ever the suave diplomat, I used my absolute best charm, hugged her close and crooned in her ear, "Your mother is fantastic, you are superb. I was totally exhausted after she left me last night. I can only dream of having the two of you together some day. You are the two most exciting sexual creatures I have ever met. And I want more of you both. But, we have got to be cool until after finals or neither of us will graduate. I have music on the weekends, and I have a paper to write that's going to take some time, and I know you're in the same boat as me." I walked her over to her door and kissed her again. She cupped my stiffening cock through my jeans and smiled. "Mama wants us to all fuck together too." She said, "I can't wait, I want to watch you fuck her and I want to suck her juices while your dick is in her pussy and ass hole. She loves it up the ass, you know. Call me later." She smiled as she opened the door and disappeared into their house. Damn, another hard-on and now Louise wants to chit-chat. I really need a rest.

I opened the door and stepped into my studio. Louise had done her patented perfect job of restoring normalcy to my humble digs. Let it suffice to say, my little studio and apartment is done up nicely, and I am sure my dad spent a fortune on the carpeting and paneling, and all the soundproofing. I have a fireplace in the bedroom, and the bathroom has a Jacuzzi tub as well as a large shower. I have a king size soft side waterbed, and indirect lighting throughout. Some spot lighting in the studio, a twenty channel stereo mixer board and two, sixteen track studio recorders. Big screen TV, surround sound and all the video goodies.  There is enough furniture in the sitting room and studio to furnish a house, and it's all top shelf. I hardly ever use most of it, but it's nice to know my dad wants me to be comfortable. I am comfortable. I looked in the bathroom and was pleased to note the pink towels were no longer to be found, and some big fluffy red ones were in their place. I also noticed that Louise had cleaned up the mess in the bed and had put black satin sheets and pillowcases on. I must now grovel at her feet and pay homage and gratitude for her special attention. I also took note of some extra hand towels on the floor next to the bed. Good girl.

I grabbed a Pepsi from my fridge and headed up the stairs to find Louise and see what she had on her mind and thank her for cleaning up after Helen and me.

Louise was in the den looking at some old photos in a tattered old scrapbook. She was wearing a green dress, cut very low and her huge tits were very much in evidence. She had done her hair up neatly in a swirl on the back of her head and for the first time in my memory, she even had a little make-up on. She looked very nice. "Come over and sit with me, Tall. I want to share some things with you that only I can tell you about. You might not believe what I am going to tell you, but I think it's so important you know before your father comes home tonight and tells you of his plans." I am now confused. Louise and I are close as paint and the wall. This is the first time I can ever remember that she was going to confide her secrets in me. I have told her a few of mine and she has never sold me out to the old man. I moved over to the sofa and sat down next to her, close enough to smell her perfume and touch her hip with mine.

She opened the cover of the old scrapbook and began to slowly unravel the story of our lives:

"Some of what I am going to tell you may change how you feel about everyone in this family, I hope that is not he case. I hope that you are rational enough to try and think how we felt as we grew up and I don't want you to feel badly of others for not telling you about some of the things that happened many years ago. My only regret is that I am the person telling you, and not your beautiful mother."

"Your mother and I were born six days apart, in the same house. My mother worked for your grandparents as their housekeeper, and nanny for their children. Her pregnancy happened as a result of a one-night stand with the man who delivered the ice to the house each morning. She never married, same as me. 

She told me many times, she never had any regrets for what she did, nor have I. We grew up together and were best friends for our entire lives. Your mother and I shared everything, clothes, books, sickness, love, sadness, and later I'll tell you about the man we shared. When we turned about sixteen, we started to experiment with our sexuality. We would fantasize about how we would treat our men when we dated and practiced kissing each other and before you knew it, we started to explore each other's bodies. We soon became lovers and there was no boundary we wouldn't cross. Our love lasted until her death, and there is an emptiness in me that can never be filled."

"We started dating boys at the same time and soon we were sharing or exploits with each other as we would make love together. We would get so hot, our lovemaking would continue long into the night. Our mamas never found out about us. It was our secret. Your grandfather on your mama's side started the huge contracting business your father now owns. He had plenty of money and your mother and I grew up as his children, equals in his eyes. He had no favorites and we had everything children could want, in those days. As teen-agers, we started to buy frilly clothes and soon we had quite a collection of sexy clothes and underwear, and we always dressed as much like sluts as we dared, when we left the house to go on dates. I think grandpa would have died had he seen what we had on underneath our dresses. We were way ahead of our time."

"Grandpa would bring home his employees for dinner once in a while and on one particular evening, he brought a man home who was an engineer he had recently hired. This man had many new ideas for construction that fascinated him and he wanted to get to know him on a more personal level. This man was Virgil Ellis, your father. He was thirty years old, twelve years older than Grace and me. He was very tall, 6'-3", ruggedly handsome, and smiled all the time. Grace and I were both so wet when we went to bed that night that we made love for hours. Virgil came to the house many times and soon he asked Grace to go out and grandpa nearly had a stroke but said OK. They dated for almost a year and he asked her to marry him. I was devastated. I thought that I would be losing my lover, and I was a real bitch. Grace asked me to be her maid of honor. I wanted to kill her but I said I would do it but if she ever left him, I wanted him for myself."

"After their marriage, Grace and your dad moved into an old house about a mile from here, and grandpa found the property where this now house sits, and helped your dad to buy it. Your dad designed this house and grandpa said it was too small so things got bigger and bigger until here you have it. Fourteen rooms all on one floor, including the four-room apartment where I lived at first. Garage, big enough for four cars, and the 6500 square foot basement where your studio and apartment is. The five rooms in the attic were finished off later, for your sister to have her privacy, and later Camille lived up there. This house took over two years to build and it nearly killed grandpa with the expense, because most of the ideas for finishing the inside were his. Nothing was too for expensive for his daughter and her husband. The original seven acres is still in tact, except for the house and lot next door that he sold to Helen Blossom and her daughter. Grace became pregnant during this time and the house was just barely livable when your sister Dianne was born. Grace had a terrible pregnancy. I was with her almost every day. She begged Virgil to let me move in with them after the baby was born and they moved into the new house. He readily agreed and the apartment was finished in record time and we all moved in here together."

"Not long after Dianne was born, your mother slipped into a nasty, post natal depression, and withdrew from almost everything. I took care of the baby and tried to do the best I could with your mother. It was apparent that she would need some professional care and she was soon seeing a psychiatrist. Our lovemaking had stopped by now and she had pulled completely away from your dad. I held her in my arms for many, many hours, both day and night. Your dad threw himself into the business and spent more time away from us. I cried with Grace and yelled at her, I tried to make love to her and told her she needed her little ass whipped. All of this was to no avail. About a year after her depression started, Virgil came home from the work one night, drunk as a skunk. He staggered into the bedroom and demanded that Grace take care of him. I excused myself but as I was about to leave the room, he grabbed my arm and spun me around to face him, he stared straight into my soul and told me that if Grace didn't do him that night that he was going to wake her up by taking me right there in front of her. Grace said he wouldn't dare. He was in such a rage at this time that he put his hands to the front of my night-dress, and in one swoop, he ripped it from me. I screamed once and I saw his big hand come up to slap me and I stopped screaming. 

"Grace jumped from the bed and tried to hit him. He shrugged her off, and pushed me back to the bed. He fell on top of me and started to kiss me violently. I was really afraid he would hurt Grace, so I resigned myself to let him take me and worry about the consequences later. Grace tried to pull him off me again, and he pushed her down beside me and started to tear her gown away from her breasts. I knew that everything was wrong, but I wanted your father so badly, I pulled him away from your mother and started to kiss him again. He returned his attention to me again and Grace was able to crawl to the other side of the bed. I could feel his hard cock against my leg and I felt my juices starting to flow. Soon I reached between us tried to open his belt but he was just too heavy. I begged him to take his clothes off and fuck me. He climbed off the bed and pulled his pants off and his shirt over his head. His cock was as hard as steel and I knew I wanted him. He mounted me like a stallion, slamming into me with a vengeance. He pumped into my cunt again and again pushing me farther across the bed and closer to Grace with each stroke. Soon our faces were only inches apart and her eyes were wide open and shining, clear as the eyes of an eagle. She put one hand on each side of my face and asked me where she had been. All I could do was moan as Virgil continued his assault on my hot wet cunt. She opened her mouth and covered my lips with hers and her tongue came alive in my mouth. Soon she was sucking on my nipples, and the next thing I knew, her face was between our legs and she was sucking and licking Virgil's cock with each back thrust he made. She pushed a finger up Virgil's upturned ass hole, and another up mine. We became a twisted wreck in the bed, looking for someplace to happen. I came over and over, and Virgil finally pumped a massive load of cum into my contracting pussy and crashed off the bed onto the floor."


"Grace cried into my breasts and sobbed and apologized for being so stupid. All I could do was sooth her and tell her it was all right, and not to worry. She moved between my legs and sucked our mingled juices from my oozing hole as I in turn sucked her to the first of several orgasms. We heard Virgil moaning from the floor and we both pulled him up onto the bed and cleaned his now flaccid pecker off with our tongues. We didn't know if he would remember in the morning, but we sucked him off together and shared his cum back and forth twice again that night."

I could not believe what I had been hearing from Louise. I had figured the old man had fucked around but this was a little sordid. Louise was lost in the story and I was not about to ask any questions until she had time to tell it all. I felt she had some demons that had to be freed and this was the perfect time to let them go.

Louise's eyes were dancing as she continued, "What happened next gets a little weird. Grace had seemingly recovered from her depression, but she was strangely different. She obsessed over Dianne. She started buying her everything in sight. Toys, clothes, you name it. She and I and Virgil had started sleeping together, and we were again making love whenever your dad was not around. She felt good again but we kept talking about how turned on we had both been the first night we had fucked Virgil together. The violence had made us both crazy with lust. We started planning a way to replay that night again, but it would be in reverse this time, we would attack your dad."

"During our shopping trips into town, we bought new clothes for ourselves, and soon our wardrobes started to fill the closets in the house. Some of the clothes we bought were very provocative. I had started to fill out by now, not fat, that started after I had Camille. Your mother weighed about 115 pounds to my 135. Her bust was about 35C and mine was 40D. Virgil spent a lot of time sucking on our tits, and we enjoyed it. We began to visit one particular little lingerie boutique. I needed to find brassieres in a little bigger size, and I was looking for something with a little more sex appeal. Grace asked the sales girl if she had any ideas on the subject, and we were told that they had a special department that dealt with the more mature fashions associated with being sexy. We, of coarse, just had to see what they had and that's when the lingerie started to become an issue in our love lives. We ordered crotch-less panties, bras with exposed nipples, bras that pushed up from the bottom and had no tops. Garter belts, g-strings, every kind of stocking you can imagine. Peignoirs, and teddies, and corsets, and stiletto heeled shoes of all styles and colors. And then it started to get kinky when we discovered the leather and vinyl stuff. And hand cuffs, and paddles and whips, and the jewelry we found that made you look sexy was amazing, and it's all still in this house. I can't wear the old things, but I've gotten many new items from you sister and still love the feel of sexy lingerie"
