 "Uh, hi Helen," was all I could manage to say, "Um, I ah, was just heading home." I felt really lame, I didn't know how Helen was going to feel about what had just happened between her daughter and I, and I was also positive that I smelled. 

	Helen looked stunning, as always. Her fawn colored hair was teased, and fell passed her shoulders. Every hair was perfectly in place. Her make up highlighted her high cheekbones and her lips were dark burgundy. Her starched blouse was the same color as the lipstick and both her fingernails and toenails matched the blouse. She wore a very short, beige skirt that fit her soft round butt like a second skin. She carried a matching jacket over her arm and held her purse and car keys in the other. Helen moved like a gentle stream flowed. This is a graceful woman. I gotta quit thinking like this, my hormones are going to embarrass me.

	She stepped across to the center island and hung her jacket on the back of a bar stool and pulled the next one out. She sat her purse on the counter top and her keys next to it. She reached out and touched my forearm with her fingernail and said, "Why don't be a dear, and pour us a nice glass of wine and come sit with me for a few minutes, before you run away." "Um, sure Helen." I stammered, "What kind of wine would you like?" My arm ached from her touch, and I was nervous. Karen was asleep in her room lying in a pool of our fresh cum, and I smelled like pussy, and her mother wanted me to sit and drink wine with her. What next?

	I found two long stemmed wine glasses, located a fresh bottle of Merlot, got the cork screw from the drawer by the sink, and returned to the center island bar. Helen had slid up on the stool and her skirt rode high on her hips revealing the lacy tops of her suntan stockings. Her hose was the real shiny kind that shimmered as she moved. I could also see the garter straps and fasteners that held her stockings up. My hands were trembling as I fumbled with the corkscrew and it took a little extra time to pour the wine. I made a mental note that the wine was the same color as her lips when she took the first sip. "Sit next to me Hon," she cooed, "lets chat for a minute." I didn't feel much like conversation at the moment, I was getting a damp spot on the front of my shorts, partially from recently fucking Karen and now I was sure pre-cum from seeing Helens marvelous thighs.

	The only other stool at the island was the one that held her jacket. She turned on her stool. And moved her jacket to the counter top. As she turned, she uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way. Her nylons made that smooth hissing sound as she did that and her skirt rode up even higher on her thighs. She pulled a pack of cigarettes from her purse along with a gold lighter. She pulled out a smoke and pushed the lighter along the counter with her fingers and I picked it up and touched the flame to the tip. She inhaled deeply and tilted her head back. The smoke dribbled out of her mouth and she inhaled through her nose. After a brief pause, she slowly exhaled a plume of smoke into the air and held the cigarette up in her fingertips. She took another sip of the wine and looked straight into my eyes and said softly, "So how was your afternoon with Karen?"

	Talk about the direct approach. "Uh, real nice." I croaked. 

"You two were out kind of late last night." She said. I told her about playing music for the wedding and our walk down by the lake. "You must have had a lot to talk about. I heard you drive up around two o'clock. Karen didn't come in until after three."

	I think I started to shake again, I really wanted to duck out and go home but I guess I'd have to explain a few things before I was allowed to go. "Well, we kind of lost track of time. And we always have so much to talk about, you know." I said. Helen smiled now. She leaned over to me and kissed me softly on the cheek and said, "Not too much you can say when your mouth is full, is there? Karen and I don't have many secrets, Sugar, she told me all about it this morning. She also tells me she might have to help you clean your upholstery in your car."

	"She told you about that?" I whispered. 

	"Of coarse, I know about all of Karen's adventures, and she knows all about mine. We tell each other everything and it's so exciting for us. I taught her how to be a very good lover with both men and women. She is a very sensuous woman. We have even had the same man together." She took another drag from her cigarette. I could see her dark lipstick stain on the end of her cigarette, and her lip print on her wine glass. She stretched to put her cigarette out in the ashtray, turned toward me and smiled again, "We share a lot of things. We even share each other's bodies, Karen is a wonderful lover, and you probably have noticed how much her juices flow when you get her going. It runs in the family."

	"You shoot too?" I asked, "As much as Karen?"

	"I sure do, sweetie. Here give me your hand." She said. She uncrossed her legs, took my wrist, spread her legs wide and pulled my hand between her silken clad thighs. Her panties were the same color as the stockings, and absolutely soaked with her juices. The top of the barstool was flowing, and her nylon tops had become dark with her wetness. "If you touch my clit a couple of times right now, we'll have a puddle on the floor." She was right. I slipped a finger under the crotch of her panties and into her steaming pussy, then another and pushed against her clit with my thumb and she went off like a cannon. Juice flowed from her hot cunt in a torrent, over the palm of my hand, and quickly was dripping off my elbow onto the floor. Her climax lasted for what seemed like two or three minutes. She groaned as she came, and clamped her legs around my hand and arm as she nearly passed out from the sensations of her orgasm.

	As she came back to reality, I held her up on the stool. She took a long sip of wine, reached for another cigarette, waited for me to light it and said, "See, I told you. Bye the way, thanks for that, I don't date much. You're a nice guy and I'm really glad you and Karen are so close."

	"Helen," I said, "Care to tell me why you don't go out more often? Someone as hot looking as you shouldn't have a problem finding dates."

	"Tell you what sweetie, you run along home and have yourself a nice shower. You smell like Karen's pussy, and now mine. I need to clean myself up a bit too. I'll find us another bottle of wine and bring it along. May I smoke in your house?" she asked.

	"No problem, you can do anything you want to at my place." I replied. "I would like to talk to you a little about Karen anyhow. See you shortly."

	I backed out the door and started across the drive to my door. My dick had been hard so many times that day I couldn't remember them all. I was now in a state of complete sexual arousal, and I didn't even have a steady girl. Since the band had started playing school dances a few months earlier, I had been sucked and fucked by more girls than I new names for. I am 6'-3" tall, weighed 205, brown hair, blue eyes, not at all in shape, and I had more pussy than I needed or wanted. I figured that graduation was in about four more weeks and I had to make a few decisions about the future. The only thing I was sure of, I played the guitar very well and music would somewhere figure in the equation.

	The house I had lived in my whole life was huge. My dad is a successful building contractor, and he built this house for my mother over forty years ago. Mom died when I was eleven from cancer. I have a sister who is twenty years older than me and she lives in New York. Dad and I have lived here with the housekeeper and her daughter for a while until she went to college. Now it's just dad, dad's very rotund, black housekeeper Louise, and me. I have taken over the entire basement floor of the house for my living area and studio. Dad spent a fortune having the whole place soundproofed and fitted with all the creature comforts I could have asked for. Huge bedroom and dressing area with a sunken Jacuzzi bathtub, small kitchenette, and direct entrance outside so as not to have to come through the main house at all hours. I love my dad. He really helps me a lot. I have studied hard and always brought home good grades, I don't do drugs and I have his total respect and trust for that. He'd probably die if he knew how much pussy I was getting.

	I headed for the shower, no time to fill the tub now. I stripped out of my clothes. My shorts had a large cum stain in front and they were soggy in the crotch. What an afternoon. The hot water felt great as I lathered up and let the spray beat down on my tired body. I quickly shampooed my hair and stepped out onto the cool tile and dried myself off with a huge pink towel. I must mention to Louise that green or blue would be much better than pink in my bathroom. I wrapped the towel around my waist, brushed my hair and teeth, and found a cold brew in the fridge in my little kitchen. I flopped down on one of the three big, overstuffed sofas in the studio, took a big pull off the beer and picked up my old flat top and started to play a few chords. Another sip of the beer and I was starting to relax a bit.

	I must have dozed off. When I awoke, it was dark outside. It took me a minute to adjust to the dark. I stood and walked over to the soundboard, reached behind it on the wall and turned the dimmer up a little on the recessed lights that lit the studio. As I turned back around, I saw Helen sitting on one of the other couches with a glass of wine in her hand. I could smell smoke in the air so I knew she had been there for a while. "Nice package." She smiled and pointed at my naked cock as I became aware that the towel had evidently dropped off while I was dozing. Why is my dick always the main topic of conversation these days? "Shit." I said. She giggled and replied, "Nope, it looks like a pecker to me."

	I reached for the towel and pulled it back around my waist and tucked it in. I again looked at Helen. She had on a floor length, black silk, shiny robe tied at the waist with a wide red sash. Her legs were crossed and the robe parted all the way to her hip so one long shapely, very naked leg was visible with a clear plastic stiletto dangling from her toes. She smiled again and simply said, "Get yourself another beer, and let's talk."

	I grabbed the brew, sat on the opposite end of the sofa facing Helen. By this time, Mr. Johnson is starting to make the big tent in the towel. "So, tell me your story."

	She sipped from the wine glass and set it down on the table in front of the sofa and lit herself a fresh smoke and started. "As you know, I got pregnant with Karen when I was just fifteen. Her father was twenty- three and I loved him with every fiber in me. My parents were against our relationship from the first day. I should have listened to them. I lied to them and snuck out of the house every time they turned around and I let him fuck me senseless. He was my first and I was hooked on him. He was hansom, smart, had money and a nice car, and he treated me like a lady. He taught me about sex, how to dress to look hot, and how to please him in every way. When we found out that I was pregnant, he told me I was stupid for not protecting myself, and that I should get an abortion. He even volunteered to pay for it. I had to tell my folks and at first, they were furious. My father pitched a fit, but later he was my best friend. I went to live with my aunt Jean until Karen was born, then moved back home so mother could help with the baby while I finished school. After graduation, I continued on to community college where I studied to be a legal secretary. I started with the lawyers I work for now and have stayed with them for all these years. I handle their whole office staff and pretty much have their absolute respect. That's where I met your folks. Your father's business is one of our clients. Your dad told us about our house next door and even helped us to get it financed. I have never fucked anyone in the office, or one of our clients. I make a lot of money now, I know just scads of people and I just get along with everybody."

	She paused as if to think, sipped her wine and lit another smoke. "I have never really told anyone this story before. Never had a reason to, or anyone that wanted to hear it. Am I boring you?" she said.

	I had relaxed a little now, and I was really interested in her story. Her voice was low and sultry as she spoke and I could tell she had a lot of memories coming to the top that had not been there for some time. "Bore me, you are so beautiful inside. You are so beautiful outside. Bore me to tears!"	

	"I do the clubs now and them when I get the itch. I'm careful not to fuck anybody I know and not to get too close. I hated men and never wanted to have sex again after what Ted did to me. I masturbated a lot and that seemed to help. I was always squirter. I have to wear a pad whenever I go out or I will soak everything I have on when I get turned on. That turns a lot of guys off right away, the pad I mean." She giggled. Some men can't handle the gusher when I cum. It's hard sometimes to figure it all out. I learned about women from your older sister."  "WHAT?" I interrupted. "My sister Dianne? The one who lives in New York?"

	"How many sisters do you have?" she asked

	"Just one. This I have got to hear about." I said

	"Shortly after we moved in next door, I saw Dianne out front of your house. She was home for a visit. I invited her over for a drink. Dianne is so sexy, tall, big everywhere, tits, ass long legs. Just everywhere sexy." She's right I thought, Dianne is 5'-11", around 180 pounds and stacked. She owns her own mail order lingerie business in New York that specializes in lingerie for plus size women. And she is a millionaire. "We talked for hours and she told me about her business and showed me some of her catalogues and before you know it, she was showing me her hot crotch-less panties she had on and how her pussy was so wet from all the talk about her lingerie. I mentioned how wet that I got when I got turned on and first thing you know, she had her face in my cunt drinking from me like a fountain. I ate my first pussy that day and I love to do it every chance I can, although, I consider myself bi and not at all a lesbian. Your sister is bi also, she loves to suck cock and fuck around, although, she confessed that she really likes to have boy toys rather than older guys. She says you youngsters have so much more stamina. I must agree with her on that. Have you ever seen her naked?"

	I told her no, she had gone to college before I was born and off to New York from there. I spent many vacations and holidays with Dianne, but I guess I really didn't know her after all. I'll have to do something about that in the future. "Tell me about you and Karen."	

	"Karen and I have always been open with each other. We were never bashful around the house and we've seen each other naked from the time we moved next door. Karen has a great body developing and will still fill out more, as she gets older. Her facial features reflect her father more than mine. When she puts on the war paint though, she can dazzle you. When she was sixteen, she started talking about the boys, and asked to go on the pill. It made sense so I agreed. She lost her cherry to Tommy Mason from school and she was hooked just like me. But she wasn't in love, just heat. That's when she became aware of her ejaculation problem. Some of you guys can't handle the floods like others. I taught her the things she could do to help and showed her how I also flooded everything when I came. She was astounded the first time she watched me masturbate and cum all over the place. It was only moments before she was licking cum off my fingers and then had her face in my pussy sucking like mad. We've had many happy hours with each other and even fucked a guy I met at a club one night. We both nearly drowned the poor man. Bye the way Sweetie, I sucked your yummy cum out of her pussy after you left the house earlier. You taste real good, Sugar." She smiled again as I started to rise under the towel again.

	"Does Karen know where you are now?" I asked. "Did you tell her about us in the kitchen?"

	"Oh yes," she said, "I also told her I wanted you alone tonight and if you wanted, we could do you together sometime. Would you like that?"

	"Jesus, Helen, you know it. I just don't want to fuck up my friendship with Karen." I moaned, "She turned up the juice pretty high last night, and I just don't know what to think."

	"Karen has watched you getting a lot of new attention lately. She just wanted to share in the joy. She's not looking for a husband, or even a steady boyfriend. She likes you a lot, and even if I am prejudiced, she fucks like a mink." Came her reply.

	Her robe was now open nearly to the waist in front and my cock was at full attention. I leaned over and reached my hand inside her robe and lifted her heavy breast in my hand and kneaded it slowly. She leaned her head back against the sofa and closed her eyes. "And just how do you fuck, Helen?" I asked softly as I rose to move closer to her. My lips moved to cover hers, her mouth opened and her tongue found mine, and she growled into my open mouth. 

	She pulled back and whispered, "Why don't we just find that out?"