 I popped the top on a cold beer and plopped down on the big overstuffed sofa, in the studio, and prepared to chew the fat with my big sister. A lot had happened to me recently and I was sure she had bunches of news for as well. "So, Sissy, what's new in The Big Apple?" I asked after a nice long pull on my brew. "Beer now?" She asked. "Why not?" I answered, "It's legal in some states, besides which, I only drink when I'm home or not going to drive. Can't do any damage that way. True?" "True enough, we'll have to have one together when I'm there for graduation. Not much news from New York, business is great. Lingerie is something that sells to women of all sizes, shapes, colors, and persuasions. No discrimination in this line of work. I'm working a deal on the building next door. I would like to expand the line and need more warehouse space for the catalogue sales department. I was thinking about a bigger apartment too. I'm rather cramped here, and I'd like to take the whole top floor and make it into living area, but can't until I get the bigger warehouse."


Sounded to me like my sister had a handle on her business plan. "Have you talked to dad in the past few days?" I asked her. "As a matter of fact I have." She answered, "He told me about his plans to sell his company. What do you think about that?" "I think he needs to rest, he doesn't look to good to me. No color, and he's always tired. He says his dick doesn't work any more and I think that's a worry to him. He was a wild and wooly guy for a long time and I think he misses his time with the ladies." She then asked me, "What are you going to do when he goes down to the keys?" "I'm staying here." I replied. "I want to take a couple of classes in Daytona, and work on music for a while, and dad says the house is mine to use." "Dad told me, that house is yours to have, he's putting the whole property on your name when we are all together." She explained. "And I think it's a wonderful idea. You'll be a fine Southern Gentleman in your big stone mansion on the dunes. He helped me buy my building here, and we're working on the one next door so all's fair with me."


"What about Camille?" I asked her. I got a short pause. "You know about Camille then?" she asked. "Of coarse." I answered, "I have no problem with Camille, she's great, and I'm glad she's our half sister. What about you, Di?" "I love Camille, we talk all the time and she comes to New York every couple of months on business and stays at my place." Her reply was soft. "You and Camille and I have a lot to talk about in two weeks. Dad is setting her up in her own firm. He's going to make her very happy, and she loves him very much. He just paid for the house she designed and had built. He's been very good to all of us. How much has he told you about the old days?" I thought a minute then answered, "Some, but Louise has given me a real education. I was astounded when I heard about mom and dad and Louise. I couldn't believe all the stuff she told me about the bondage and spanking." "You have no idea, little brother." She chuckled. "When mom was fucking around on dad, she would come home and beg me to whip her for being such a slut. I didn't dare tell dad for fear of what he might do to her, or me. Louise was afraid of what he might do too. Then one day, she just quit going out at all. She and Louise kept their thing going and then when Louise got pregnant, mom withdrew again. She was a test for us all."


"You know Dianne, I never really got to know her. She stayed in her room a lot when I was a kid. I was closer to Louise. You were gone into the world and dad worked all the time. I've never actually missed mom since she died, she was never there for me from the beginning." I lamented.


Dianne continued, "Mom's pregnancy, with you, almost killed her. It nearly killed Louise too. She took care of mom and Camille day and night. I was at college in Gainesville, when you were born. I came home to help Louise with the house and you but could only take one quarter off. I was on a time line to graduate to take a job. I felt bad about that. Dad hired around the clock nurses for a year and things seemed to settle down after that. Mom remained despondent and never really got back to normal before the cancer took her. How you doing with Louise now?"


I answered carefully, "Uh, we are doing just fine." I didn't want to spill the beans about Louise and me just yet, but I was already too late. She laughed out loud and quipped, "Dad says that you're fucking her now instead of him. Care to tell me about that?" "No, what else did he tell you?" I whined. "Well," She was really enjoying this, "he did mention that you and Helen did the bump and grind the other night, and Louise thinks the daughter might have had the whoopee too. You're getting to all of 'em all aren't you?" I hated this but I guess I should get a dig in if I could, "I heard you and Helen have been friendly too, care to tell me about that?" She answered quickly, "Absolutely, she's hot. She comes a river when she comes." I replied, "So does Karen. I'm in line for a double with them real soon. I can hardly wait. Matter of fact, I just came from Helen's a few minutes before you called. Maybe we should do her together when you're in town." "You've got a date, little brother, maybe you'll give me a little ride too." She came back. I decided that my family was oversexed.

"Dianne, tell me something. Did you and dad ever do the nasty?" Silence, then a whispered response, "Yes." "Mom?" Silence, "Louise?" ....... "Camille?" I asked, more silence. "Of coarse, Camille. She stays with me when she comes to New York. ....... All right, Louise and Grace too." "Looks you made the rounds too, Sissy. Want to tell me about dad?" I coaxed her to tell me her story.

"It wouldn't be my first topic of conversation, no. But, I suppose that you'll pester me until I do tell you so I'll start by saying that it wasn't me that started the whole fiasco, it was my best friend Marie Pitello." "Is this any one I know?" I interjected. Dianne went on, "Her married name is Stone, and I think she's still teaching school." "Marie Stone is my senior English teacher. She's a knockout." "Don't tell me you've done her too?" Dianne wailed. "Give me credit for not boffing my teachers, will ya? I'm really not an animal." I retorted. Dianne's next statement caught me off guard, "She is, or was. She would do anything years ago. She and I wanted to go to Ormond Beach, to one of mama's favorite lingerie shops, and find some sexy bras and panties, one day. Dad was being a stinker about letting us take his Packard. So he had his driver Ben, take us. Ben was a real cutie, but very shy. Marie flirted with him all the way to and from Ormond and by the time we got back home, he had a big bulge in his pants. He was embarrassed to death and went into the garage and we didn't see him any more that day. Dad asked what was his problem and all we could do was giggle and play dumb."

"We'd bought just scads of sexy underwear for Marie, and I had found several hot nighties and a couple very sheer peignoirs. I had also purchased two new pair of stiletto sandals. We went into the house and upstairs to my apartment to try on some of our treasures. We made a big production of modeling for each other. We pretended we were showing our lingerie in a show or something and we were playing around and giggling and having a great time. We both had become aroused at seeing each other dressed in our sexy clothes and started talking about what we would do if the other one were Ben. I told Marie that if I were Ben, I'd lay her down and spread her legs and lick her clit until she came in my face. She told me she'd do the same thing, only she would stick her fingers in my pussy too and nibble on my pussy lips. We were sitting on my bed together, in our lingerie fussing and giggling, and I said that she would have to kiss my mouth first. She did it, and I kissed her back. The next thing she did was put her hand on my tits and it felt so good. I had been having sex with mother for a while by this time. With Marie, it was like she was in love with me, or something. I sucked on her hard little nipples and squeezed her titties and pushed her back on the bed so I could lie on top of her."

"She was moaning into my mouth, and I was moaning into her mouth, our lipstick had smeared all around our lips and I was so fucking excited I was leaking from my pussy and so was Marie. God I get wet just remembering that first time with her. Ooooo how hot she can be, I'll give her a call when I'm in town and maybe we can get together." I told her I had talked to Ms. Stone and she was of the same mind. "Wonderful," she cried, and continued with her reminiscing, "It didn't take long before we were in a sixty-nine, sucking and moaning and groaning. I came in a torrent and she was bucking against my face and neither of us heard dad come up the stairs and into the apartment. He must have heard us because he came to the bedroom door and stood watching us for a long time before we came up for air and I saw him standing there. We were a wreck, soaked with our juices and smeared with lipstick. Dad had his big cock out and was slowly stroking himself. I was dead I thought, and Marie screamed and then hid behind me and started sobbing. I surmised that if dad was going to go nuts, he'd have dons so by now so I kind of wiggled my fingers hi and smiled real lame like"

"His face was flushed and he was breathing like a bull and I could see the lust in his eyes. I was as hot as I had ever been in my life but didn't know what to say. Marie came to first and she crawled off the bed and across the floor to dad and took the whole length of him in her mouth. He slumped back against the doorframe and mumbled something I couldn't understand and took Marie's head in both hands and started to fuck her face. Marie is a natural. She went down on him again and again and again until the old man bellowed and shot a monstrous wad in her mouth. He pumped and pumped 'til he was empty. Marie stood up and walked back to the bed, tipped my head back to kiss me and torpedoed me with a huge mouthful of dads' semen. I almost choked because I didn't expect it. But when I knew what she was up to I swallowed the whole load down. Jesus, I was hot."

"Dad was starting to recover and knew we weren't through with him yet because Marie was on her feet, pulling him by the hands toward the bed. I stood up and helped her strip his shirt up and pants down and we both started to lick and kiss him all over his body. Marie on one nipple, and me on the other, under his arms, his feet and knees, his ass hole, ears, fingers, you name it. He was alive and had his fingers in our pussies, hands squeezing our tits, lips sucking our nipples and tongue licking first one sopping wet cunt and then the other. Marie came first, in his face, and this raised him to the next level. I was behind him rimming his ass hole with my tongue, and Marie seemed to have passed out. Dad had his face in a pillow, his ass in the air, and was grunting like a pig. I made his butt all sloppy with my mouth and I shoved a finger in him. He pushed back against my finger and roared. So, I stuck in another. He roared louder, and I put in a third. His dick was leaking a steady stream of pre-cum and it was everywhere. I kept rubbing it off with my hand and licking it off my fingers. All at once he pulled forward, off my fingers, and turned to face me. He lifted me up and dropped me on my back and spread my legs, wide, with his hands. He then dropped between my legs and rammed his cock all the way home. He started sawing into me like a mad man. Marie came to and straddled my face with her leaking cunt. I tasted dad's sperm for the second time that day. Marie had her tongue all the way down in dads throat Dad he was pounding me relentlessly, slamming his balls against my ass with every stroke. I was consumed in Marie's discharges and delirious with dads continuing assault on my cunt."

"I was having a series of orgasms, one right after the other. I didn't know how much longer I could stand it before I went out. Then Marie climbed off my face, and crawled around behind dad. She shoved a finger in his ass and one in mine and that was the dam breaker. Dad erupted into me in a raging flood of man juice. With each thrust, I could feel his prick belch a glob of hot cum into me. It started to ooze out around his cock and Marie was there, licking up every drop, with her tongue."

"Dad keeled off me to one side and Marie stayed right there between my legs sucking his juices from my pussy. I finally had to push her away to stop her from suffocating. We were exhausted. My body ached everywhere. Dad sat up, turned and kissed us both on the lips. He stood up, on very shaky legs, and announced that the cook would be serving dinner promptly at 8:30 and we were expected in the dining room at that time. He instructed us to dress appropriately, and then he thanked us for a lovely afternoon. He carefully picked up his clothes and strode naked from the room. Marie and I looked at each other and couldn't believe what had happened. We removed our cum-soaked lingerie and got into the shower together. I explained to Marie as we showered what dressing appropriately for dinner, meant to my father. I told her we would be expected to wear something sexy, preferably lingerie."

I was listening intently to my sister as she related the events of this bizarre day over the phone. My cock was as hard as granite. I stood up and removed my pants, and sat back down on the sofa. I began softly playing with my prick. I was leaking profusely, and my fingers and hand were slippery and moved easily without any friction over my stiff shaft. "Are you all right?" I heard Dianne ask. "Sure Sis, just indulging myself a little while you talk." "Are you jerking off to this?" She asked. "You're not?" I answered. She paused a few seconds and then returned, "Not exactly." "Exactly what does that mean?" I asked. "I have a big, fat vibrator stuck all the way up my cunt, and it feels marvelous." She said, "Is that okay with you?" "Certainly, Sugar, get your kicks however you like." I chuckled and so did she.

I heard a beep in the receiver indicating I had another incoming call and excused myself from Dianne to see whom it was and that I'd be right back. I clicked over to the other line and it was Louise. "Tall, it's Lou, can I see you for a minute, before you settle down for the night?" "Sure," I answered, "I'm on the other line with Dianne. Come downstairs and say hi to her." I clicked back over to Dianne and told her it was Louise. "Great," She said, "I'd love to say hi. Put your phone on the speaker and we can all chat." I did as she had suggested and Louise walked into the room just as Dianne came over the speaker. Louise was wearing a shiny white silk robe that came to just below her privates, white high-heeled slippers with feather puffs on the tops and a smile. Her hair and makeup were perfect, and I could see that she wore no bra because her huge tits swayed from side to side as she walked toward me and sat down. She is a good-looking big black woman. "Hi Big Mama Lou, how they hanging?" Dianne sounded like a kid. "Free and easy, Honey Girl, how's with you?" Louise returned. "Busy as always, you know me. I hear my stud brother's starting to pick up the slack down there. I've just been telling him about daddy and us that first time with Marie." Dianne said. "How much you told him?" Asked Louise. "About Marie and me upstairs with daddy before dinner." She answered. "You must have laid it out pretty clear for him, he's got a big boner and he's oozing all over his hand. I'm going to have to do a little maintenance here before he gets jizz on the sofa. We'll have to get you two together during your visit here. He's got a lot of power. Bigger than the old man too." Louise smiled all the while she talked." "Louise, you're a real slut, you know that?" Dianne wailed. Louise laughed and pulled my hand from my cock and started to lick the discharge my fingers." Oh yeah, Baby, I know that's right. Tell him about later on with your dad and me."


"Sure, Sweetie, I helped Marie with her makeup and hair, and dressed her in my new black floor length peignoir, the one with the satin trim, and stockings and garter and heels. I wore the yellow sleeveless one with the feathers around the neck and bottom. No bra or panties for either of us and I felt wonderful after the fucking we'd just gotten from dad. Do you remember what you had on Lou?" "Sure do, Honey, the lavender bustier with the long garter straps, stockings and pumps. I had shaved my pussy hair in the shape of a heart and wanted everybody to see it, remember?" "Oh yes, the heart. Marie was floored. I remember how she wanted a closer look and you put your pussy right in her face when we went into the den. Did she touch your cunt when you did that?" She asked, "Oh yes, she pushed two fingers right in me. That girl wasn't bashful about anything." Louise laughed out loud and tongued my cock to catch the fluid that was running down. I groaned out loud and I heard Diane say, "Sounds like I should be there to help Lou." "I won't need any help tonight, Sweetie, I had a sweet load before breakfast, and now I want a nightcap." Louise turned her attention to my drooling cock.


Dianne continued with her tale, "We came down the front stairs, Louise was in the foyer in the lavender outfit. We must have looked pretty hot because she walked over to the foot of the stairs to meet us. She put an arm around each of us and we did a three-way hug. I hoped this wasn't going to be too much for Marie, things used to get kind of perverse when father called us to dress for dinner. Mother stayed in her room most of the time then. We didn't see her at all that night. That house is totally Medieval inside, I remember we went into the dining room and I think that was the first time Marie had been in any other part of the house other than my apartment. She looked around at the wood, stone and the heavy tapestry draperies and asked if we called daddy King Virgil. We all cracked up at that. Louise was pouring us a glass of Chablis when daddy came in wearing his red silk smoking jacket with the black silk pants. He sucks the air out of the room when he enters like that. He was all full of compliments and the wine started to flow."


I heard Dianne moan over the speaker and I asked her, "Little bingo there, Sis?" She whispered. "Oh yeah, not so little. I'm so fucking turned on, right now. God how I wish you two were here with that cock in my pussy instead of this plastic thing. Is he really bigger than daddy Lou?" She asked. "Only a little longer, but lots fatter. Any longer than he is, and you'd mistake him for a brother, in the dark." They both laughed over that and I just rolled my eyes at Louise. 

Dianne returned to their dinner party with dad. "Mom and dad still had household help, in those days, the cook Robert, our driver Ben, a maid named Ella, and Ben's sister Janice who helped the cook serve and did laundry, and such. I'm sure dad was servicing Janice on a regular basis because, whenever we dressed for dinner, she would magically appear in a skimpy little French maid costume with crotch-less panties, and black hose with six inches of garter showing. I never made it with her but I'm sure dad was having his way." Louise now had my cock in her hot mouth and was laving it generously with her tongue. She looked up at me and nodded her head at Dianne's suggestion about Janice. "Louise agrees with your assessment on Janice. Dad was a real go-getter, it sounds like. Did you ever catch him at it?" I asked. Louise shook her head no, and Dianne continued, "I never did. But Helen Blossom told me later that she saw him in one of her haunts with a younger woman, on two different occasions, years ago. He's a randy old bastard, for sure. Any way, we sat at the big table, dad on the end, as always, Marie and I on his left, in that order, and Louise on the right. There was also a place set for mother. Louise looked like a regal black queen that night. She still had her waistline then, and those huge tits in that lavender bustier were trying to burst out the top."
