 "Is there anything I can get you, Miss?" our flight attendant asked.

Being that I was a VIP on a private jet, I could probably ask for anything, but I wasn't familiar with this lifestyle. I had been invited on a ski trip to Glenwood Springs by my best friend from high school. Rachel wanted to celebrate our 10-year high school reunion with something special. "Create a memory to last us the next ten years!" she exclaimed when she pitched the idea to me earlier this year. Luckily, her husband, Dan was eager to bankroll the whole trip. He always had a hard time saying no to her.

Rachel and I had been friends since 6th grade. She would never marry a man for money, but it didn't hurt when her high school sweetheart's tech company got bought out for $500 million. We were all new to this, and a private jet to Colorado seemed like the perfect way to celebrate. 

I thought for a few seconds and decided to just go for it. 

I looked up at the flight attendant and responded: "I would love to see the cockpit and meet the pilot". I paused. "If possible".

As the words escaped my mouth, I could see the wheels in her head spinning. 

"I'll be right back" she whispered, with a wink. 

I stood at the cockpit doorway, looking in at two men and a vast array of buttons and lights. The beautiful blue sky filled the window ahead of them, so still that it looked like a painting. Up this high, you could see the arc of the Earth. The view was breathtaking.

I cleared my throat. "Um, hi. I was told I could come in and take a look?" I was very nervous. "I've always been interested in planes and I... this is just a really cool opportunity" My breath was shallow and my voice was increasingly getting higher pitched. "Stay calm," I told myself. 

The pilot and the co-pilot turned around to greet me. The pilot scanned me up and down with his eyes, noticing my slim physique and long legs. It felt like an eternity but the pilot finally responded. "Yes! Come on in! My name is Jared, what's your name?" 

"Emily" I responded as I stepped into the cockpit. "It's nice to meet you".

I was taken aback by the pilot's smile. He grinned ear to ear showing his bright white teeth. He was younger than I expected and strikingly handsome. His deep hazel green eyes were complimented by tufts of strawberry blond hair, coiffed into a perfect crew cut. Between his cool attitude and shirt and tie, adorned with his well-earned bars, I could tell he was a confident guy. His personality was welcoming and my guard was taken down immediately. 

"Have you ever flown a plane before?" He asked with a slight eyebrow raise. He knew the answer but asked the question anyway.

"Well I, not really...' I started.

"It's really simple actually. Come over here" he ushered me with his hands and patted on his lap as to say I should take a seat. 

My heart was pounding and I could feel myself getting wet.

I hesitantly made my way to him and he pulled me down onto his lap by my waist. As I sat my skirt rose up exposing my upper thighs. I tried to stand up so I could pull it back down, but he held me in place.

"Are you ready to fly the plane?" Jared whispered in my ear as he placed my hands on the yoke. His other hand came to rest on my bare upper thigh. I felt a bolt of electricity hit my pussy and became lightheaded. He guided my hand as we pushed up on the stick and I felt the plane lurch slightly. His large palm slid up my thigh as his thumb rested at the fold of my leg. He pulled his finger back slightly toying with the edge of my panties. 

"See? It's not that hard" he cooed. 

I could feel him harden underneath me. I arched my back slightly and shifted my weight from one side to the other, nestling my cheeks on either side of his member.

He immediately turned his attention to the co-pilot. 

"Cory, you look thirsty. Why don't you go get yourself a cup of coffee from the galley." 

Cory got up and our eyes met briefly. His averted his glance and shuffled out of the cockpit, securing the door closed behind him. 

As soon as the door shut, Jared pulled my skirt to my waist revealing my black, lacy panties. I felt a rush of adrenaline come over me and my hands went numb. Blood rushed to my head and clit, sending a euphoric wave of dizziness over my body. My skin tingled with anticipation and all of a sudden I was aware of every piece of cloth touching me. 

At the height of my sensitivity, his fingers slid down underneath my panties and began to rub my clit. His thumb circled my sweet spot sending my eyes rolling back in my head. I collapsed back on to him with my neck resting on his strong shoulders and let out a whimper of pleasure. He turned his head and kissed my neck. His fingers continued to swirl around and as he bit my earlobe I let out a moan of ecstasy. 

My eyes shot open and I glanced back at the door to double check it was still closed. 

"If you're worried, don't be" Jared teased. "The cockpit is soundproof". 

He spread open my legs and thrust one finger inside of me, crooking it upwards. His talented fingers pulsed, hitting all the right spots. I tried to hold it back, I didn't want to come that easily but there was no avoiding it. One last thrust sent a shockwave through my system and I screamed with pleasure. My whole body shuddered against him as my orgasm took hold. He coaxed the waves of pleasure until I was finished.

"Look at me; I want to see your face".

I stood up and turned my body to face him. My legs were still quivering, soft like Jell-O. We locked eyes and he smirked, showing pride for what he had just done.

Without breaking eye contact I slid my skirt and panties off, slowly shimmying my hips side to side as to put on a little show. I glanced down and could see his pleated navy blue trousers were looking a little snug. 

I leaned forward and passionately kissed his lips. I reached up and my hands caressed his head, swirling his hair between my fingers. He wrapped his hands around my back and grabbed my ass, sinking his in his fingernails and kneading my soft flesh.

I reached down and I unbuckled his belt. He anticipated my movements and raised up a few inches off the seat so I could slide his pants and boxers down to his ankles.

As if we were in zero gravity, Jared picked me by the waist and placed me over his hard cock. Still dripping from my first orgasm, it slid right in.

"Your loving this aren't you? Tell me how much you love my dick." 

I was so engrossed with the rhythmic thrusting I couldn't muster up an answer. Jared stopped, ruining my building orgasm. He grabbed my neck, placing his thumb and pointer finger on either side of my jaw. My brown eyes opened wide, glossy with desire.

"I want you to beg" he demanded.

I let out a moan. My empty cunt was throbbing, yearning for his cock inside of me. 

"I love your cock." I submitted. "I need it. I'm begging you."

He grabbed my hips and thrust his thick shaft inside. With every bounce, it penetrated deeper and deeper, bringing both of us closer to climax. His breathing was ragged and his face flush as he rammed his cock harder and faster into me. 

Yet again, he had me, and I surrendered to pleasure, letting go and giving into my orgasm. My cunt tightened and loosened, milking him for all he was worth. He threw his head back and let out a deep moan. Just as my event was over he lifted me off and pushed me to my knees. I happily obliged. 

I took his whole cock in my mouth, lapping up my own sweet juices that remained. He grabbed my hair pulling me closer so his cock filled my whole throat. I bobbed my head in and out, tracing the length of him with my tongue. Stream after stream of hot milk pulsed into my throat. I swallowed as much as a could, but it was plentiful and started to drip out of the corners of my mouth. 

I rose to my feet, face red and hair tousled, cum dripping down my chin. I lifted my face and gave him a goofy grin. 

"I think you have a little something there," Jared said, pointing to my mouth. We shared a laugh.

"Was the cockpit everything you thought it would be?" 

"Yes, sir. Thanks for showing me the ropes." I responded as I pulled my skirt back on, tidied my hair and exited back into the cabin.