 "Drew? Drew, are you still there?" said Kyla through her closet door.

"Yeah," I said, trying to hide my exhaustion, while sitting in Kyla's bedroom closet, naked.

"Sorry I left the door open, I really thought I'd closed it! Look, I really want to continue where we left off, but I'm having some trouble with my Mom's computer, and everything is getting a bit messed up. We were supposed to have the place to ourselves, but Belle hasn't left for her party yet, and my Dad hasn't left to go bowling either, and to make it worse, my Mom has changed plans, she's having her friends over here tonight. Looks like we won't be alone after all, but if you're still up for it, and if we're really quiet, we can continue later?" she said hopefully.

"Absolutely honey," I replied.

"Great, I'll close the door, but be quiet, people are all over the halls here!" she said and left, letting the door audibly close.

So there I was, trying to salvage the night. What started out with a romantic evening with Kyla had turned into a mess. Her family hadn't left the house as early as she thought, and when her Dad knocked on the door, I was stuck hiding in the closet, naked and waiting for Kyla to return to finish what we started.

Things got worse when Kyla's sister Belle snuck in to sneak her sister's dildo, and when Kyla came back to tell me what was up, Belle jumped into the closet with me to hide. It didn't take long for her to take advantage of my predicament, and me by blowing me and riding my cock until she came twice.

I was caught between trying to figure out how I was going to explain this to Kyla or how I was going to keep this from her. I could instantly see the bad results that would ensue from either choice.

Let's face it. I was fucked. No pun intended.

Well there was no point dwelling on it so I peered through the keyhole on the closet door to see that no one was around, so I took a chance and stepped out. In the clear, I crept over to the bed and reached for my clothes hidden under the bed.

My hand closed over the bare carpet.

'Oh crap,' I thought. I couldn't find my clothes anywhere. They weren't under the bed.

I heard someone out in the hall so I jumped back into the closet in case it was someone other that Kyla or Belle. The sound faded down the stairs, then I heard some voices and the front door shut. I breathed a sigh of relief that at least there was one less person in the house.

As I stood silently in the closet, I became aware that I had to take a piss. I swore under my breath. This could not have happened at a worse time. I waited for the feeling to go away. It didn't, the feeling got worse. The more I waited the stronger I had to go.

Relenting to the call of nature I stealthily crept out of the closet and listened to the silence outside Kyla's door. I couldn't hear anything, so I opened her door and peaked down the hall. I saw no one, and the bathroom merely feet away was open and the lights were out. Things looked good. The house was full of silence.

I quietly slid my foot out into the hall rather than stepping, trying to distribute my weight more easily to keep the wood floor from creaking. So far so good, the house was new and rarely creaked, and my precaution was aiding my success.

I snuck into the bathroom and closed the door. I relieved myself and tried to quietly wash my hands. I turned on the tap to rinse, using the smallest stream of water as possible to avoid any noise.

With my hands clean I suddenly looked down at my cock. I didn't want to get it on with Kyla with Belle's dried juices on my dick. I leaned over to the sink closer and squirted a generous amount of soap into both hands. I lathered up my cock and balls, trying to get the thing as clean as I could. I didn't want any traces left. The trouble was that the soapy lather was stirring up my rod. It started to grow, and in no time was fully erect.

When I was squeaky clean I had to lift my foot up onto the counter to get my dick closer to the water to rinse.

Suddenly the door opened and Kyla's Mom stepped in. We both froze. She stood there staring at me holding the freshly cleaned towels she was obviously planning to put in the bathroom while I was standing there with one foot up on the counter, spreading my legs apart and showing off my huge soapy hard on.

I didn't know what to do. I couldn't move. I just stayed there running all the trouble I had coming through my head. As she stood there her eyes traveled down my cut chest and abs and rested them on my cock that pulsed in fear.

Kyla's Mom stepped into the bathroom, and closed the door behind her. She turned to face me and crossed her arms. Here it comes, I thought.

"Okay whose are you, Kyla's or Belle's?" she asked.

"Kyla's," I said as I stepped off the counter and sat on the toilet seat.

"And what exactly were you doing here?" she asked.

"Kyla and I wanted to... get more intimate," I said.

"So you were planning to fuck my daughter is that it," she said.

Her language shocked me. I had never heard her talk this way before. I tried to tell her that we had never done it before, and that we were just exploring each other, and that no harm had been done.

"I don't want my daughter getting into any trouble young man. I don't want her making any of the mistakes I did. She's been doing so well so far and I'm not going to let some kid like you messing that up, got it"

"Yes Mam, I'll get out of here right now," I said, feeling like crap. This night, I could not win.

"Oh no you don't, you just sit right there while I talk to Kyla, I'm not done with you yet," she scolded, and then she left the room.

I could hear Kyla's Mom's angry footsteps out in the hall and the ensuing raised voices between Kyla and her. This night was getting worse and worse. I heard the argument grow and then I heard the sound of footsteps on the stairs and the slam of the front door.

The bathroom door opened again, and it was Kyla's Mom again. She waltzed in and closed the door behind her. Again she leaned against the counter with her arms folded in an authoritative way. She had short blond hair that seemed to accent her strong square jaw. Her crossed arms brought her, still firm at 40, breasts together, letting them peak out of the scant cleavage shown by her light sundress.

"Now what are we going to do with you?" she said.

"I'm sorry Mrs. Brown," I started to say, but she cut me off and ordered me to stand up. I stood expecting her to order me to leave; instead she looked down to my softening cock.

"You forgot to rinse," she said and to my utter shock, reached down and gripped my shaft. She pulled my by the rod to the sink and turned on the hot water. She stroked my cock up and down, and cradled my balls to make sure they were good and clean. He hands were so soft and slippery that my cock returned to its full mast again.

"Uh, Mrs. Brown? What are you doing?" I asked, not believing what was happening. 'What is with the women in this family,' I thought.

"You forgot to rinse, its bad for the skin to let the soap dry up," she said teasingly.

"I mean why are you doing this?" I asked, choking on my words as her hands pulled my cock to the hot water, rinsing it.

She continued to stroke and pull on my dick and balls.

"Hey, I don't want to see my daughter get into any trouble, but I'm a fully grown woman, so I can get into all the trouble I want. Besides, a wonderful hard cock like this is such a terrible thing to waste!" was her reply.

"But what about your husband!" I blurted, hoping that this would make her stop.

"He's gone bowling, and I like bowling as much as he does, just a different kind," she whispered as her eyes widened at the thick veins that pulsed along my cock. She twirled my meat around in her hands, inspecting it all over. I suspected it had been a long time since she had seen a dick other than her husband's and wanted to examine mine closely.

Mrs. Brown leaned in slowly during her examination of me, bringing her head closer and closer to the head of my cock. She squeezed the shaft tightly, causing the head to offer a drop of semen. She brought her head up to the head of my meat and licked her lips as she stared at the red, beating head, and the drop that slowly hung off it.

I stood there, dumbfounded, waiting to see what she would do next. She looked back into my eyes and smiled at me watching her. Without warning, her tongue shot out like a snake's and slurped up the drop before it fell to the floor. The feeling of Mrs. Brown's soft tongue swiping across the head of my dick was electric, causing me to moan, and her to smile more.

"Okay stud, get down on the floor," she commanded.

I lay back down on the floor and she climbed up onto me. She surprised me by swinging around backwards, so that I was faced with the sight of her thong-covered pussy.

"Start eating," she ordered.

I was beyond resisting at this point and pushed her thong out of the way and began caressing her tender parts with my tongue. I started by licking long swipes down her pussy, to get her wet, and once she was, I began to kiss and lick at her, avoiding her pussy. I teased her for a while, enjoying the moans and groans I was managing to elicit from her.

"Damn! Kids today really know how to lick pussy! When I was a teenager it was hard to find someone who'd even do it!" she moaned.

I felt her descend her lips to my dick head and sink their way down my cock. She rose back up again and attacked me with her tongue. She feathered her tongue down the length of me in super fast swipes. I had never felt anything like it. She really knew some tricks that put Kyla and Belle to shame. I wasn't going to last long at this rate.

Mrs. Brown's efforts were spurring me on, and I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy. I drove in hard and after many minutes of licking and tonguing, I focused in on her clit. The anticipation had driven Mrs. Brown wild and now that I finally had her clit in my lips, she grunted in orgasm.

"Oh god, yeah! Keep doing that. Oh! Yeah. More! Harder!" she ranted.

Her legs crushed my head as she writhed over me. Her moans and groans were vibrating all over my cock in her mouth. I could feel her saliva dripping down to my balls as she rose up to make room for her hand to stroke up and down the shaft, while she sucked harder and harder on the rest of my huge cock.

I couldn't believe what was going on. It started out as a little playful plan to make out in my girlfriend's room, and here I was having sex with everyone but my girlfriend!

I grabbed Mrs. Brown's hips in a bear hug and really went to town on her pussy and clit. I let my tongue slide circles around and around her clit and then locked my lips on her purple bud and crushed it. Her body exploded again in another huge orgasm. I thought I was going to choke with my head crushed between her thighs. Wanting more, she thrust her pussy into my face hard. I felt her juices pour over my face, which I licked up as best as I could.

"Do it kid! Yeah! Hell yeah! Ahhhh!! God yes!!!!!!!" she moaned.

She silenced her moans with my cock. She launched the thing all the way into her throat and sucked it down as hard as she could, then slowly started to pull back. The suction was so hard that I thought she was going to pull my cock off. When she eased enough out, she returned her hand to my shaft and beat the thing at a furious pace. The contrast of her slow moving mouth and blindingly fast hand had me getting close to popping.

"Oh god! I'm gonna blow!" I groaned.

"Get up," she ordered.

I stood, and she stayed at my feet pulling on my cock, and letting the head slide over her tongue. I growled as I felt my nuts tighten and my load boil. She quickened her pace, as she eagerly waited for my teenage sperm. The lustful look on her smiling face as she pulled her bare tits out of the top of her sundress put me over the edge and my come blasted out of my cock and into her mouth. She caught a few blasts in her mouth then aimed my spurting meat at her bare breasts. She kept pulling on my rod hard, trying to get as much of my jism on her tits. She often swiped at the sensitive head as if doing so would increase the size of the load.

Spent, I dropped to my knees and watched Mrs. Brown rub my come into her hot breasts. When her tits were covered and glistening she stood and smiled at me.

"Now wasn't that fun? God it's been too long since I've done anything like that! I love Larry, but I find his tastes a little too pedestrian for my liking. I oughta get some of you teenagers more often," she teased.

I gulped at the thought. I couldn't reply. I was starting to realize what I had just done. I had come on Kyla's Mom's tits! This was getting worse! First Kyla's sister, then her Mom! 'What the hell am I going to do now!' I thought.

"I sent Kyla on an errand, so your chance of getting it on with my daughter is over stud. Better get out the way you came, by the window I presume? You ever sneak into this house again and I'll be forced to fuck you next time, got it?" she ordered.

I nodded and pulled myself to my feet and left the bathroom. I returned to Kyla's room and searched a little harder for my clothes. Maybe Kyla had moved them? They were nowhere to be found. I searched everywhere. I couldn't go home without them, and I didn't want to be stuck in a house full of lusty women wanting to take advantage of me, except Kyla of course.

The door suddenly opened. I spun around to see Belle. She was wearing a tight t-shirt and a mid thigh skirt that bounced with her walk, threatening to reveal her tender gifts beneath.

'Oh shit, what now,' I thought.

"Hey there lover boy, looking for something?" she smirked.

"YOU hid my clothes!" I said angrily.

"Yep!" she smiled and sat down on the bed, smiling at my cock.

"Enough of the bullshit Belle, where's my stuff?" I ordered.

"First things first Drew. You want something, I want something," she giggled.

"Not again Belle, I didn't mean to do that, I don't want to cheat on Kyla again, now give me my clothes!"

"Not until you do as I say. If you don't I'll just go downstairs and tell Mom that Kyla has a hot stud hidden in her closet waiting to fuck her goody two shoes brains out. How does that sound," she laughed.

'How bad is this night going to get?' I thought. I didn't want to tell her that her mother was rubbing her tits covered in my come right now. Like mother like daughter I guess.

"What do you want?" I relented.

"Nothing too difficult. I'm going out to a little party with a couple of friends and I want you to be the entertainment," she said.

I started to protest but she cut me off.

"Don't worry, I just want you to put on a little dance for the girls, nothing more, then I'll give you your clothes, sound okay?" she said.

"No! I can't parade in front of your friends, everyone will know!"

"Not if you wear this," she said as she tossed a large black handkerchief to me, there were two eyes holes cut out. "Cover your head in that."

"You want me to be a masked dancer?" I said looking back at Belle who was smiling at me with a finger tapping her teeth, while her eyes caressed my cock.

"Just dancing and nothing more," I stated emphatically.

"Just dancing," she agreed as her eyes rose to meet mine.

Something told me I couldn't trust her. There was only one place this night was going, and it was going to be bad.

So it was now close to 9 o'clock and there I was climbing out of the window, being careful not to scratch my naked body on the roof. I climbed down the drainpipe and hid behind the bushes. I staid there, waiting for Belle to get to the car and signal that the coast was clear, but as the seconds passed by I suspected that she was deliberately making me wait. I sat there shivering in the cold night.

Suddenly I saw Bell bounce across the driveway and open the car door. She turned to my direction, squinted her eyes and motioned me over.

"Psst! Come on!" she whispered.

I bolted across the lawn and leapt into the car. Sitting in the passengers side, Belle calmly sat next to me and started the car. "Turn on the heat it's cold outside!" I said.

"You could always snuggle close to me to warm up," teased Belle as she tapped my cock.

"Don't start," I warned, slapping her hand away.

Belle just laughed at me. I sat down low to avoid prying eyes as we passed through the suburban streets. After a few minutes of driving Belle turned the car into a driveway and came to a stop.

"There! I'll go make sure the coast is clear okay?" said Belle in a joyful tone.

"Just hurry up, I want to get this over with," I told her.

"Wine, wine, wine," she said as she left the car and disappeared. When she came back she opened my door.

"Show time stud. Put your mask on, or not if you want. It really makes no difference to me," she laughed.

"I'm going to get you back for this," I warned her.

"I sure hope you do, you make that sound so sexy!" she said and bounced off to the house.

Crap, I thought. I took a deep breath and wrapped the handkerchief around my head like a Zorro mask. I was cold and I felt stupid with this thing on. But I decided to get it over with, so that I could end this night as quickly as possible.

I got out of the car and ran to the house quickly so that I was not seen. As soon as I barged in the door, loud music erupted through the house. Belle jumped out at me and pushed me into the living room. I was then faced with the sight of five very sexy girls that looked to be around Belle's age. None of them were as dressed as sexily as Belle, but they could not hide their attributes in their t-shirts and jeans.

The girls cheered as they saw me enter the room, covering my naked dick with both hands. Belle hip checked me to get me moving and I obliged. I started off slowly and built myself up to a rhythm that matched the past pace music. I moved my way through the room and snatched a pillow to cover my cock, so that I could free up my arms. The women booed at my modesty.

The women bounced and ground to the beat as they drank their margaritas. As I made my way around the room, dancing for each girl, they took turns running their hands over my legs, and inside my thighs. I pulled away from that kind of contact, not wanting to let things deteriorate. I felt a slap on my ass from some girl I did not recognize. She smiled at me and winked as she moved to the music. The next girl grabbed hold of my pillow and teasingly threatened to pull it away, but luckily I was able to keep on my rounds without incident.

The next song that came up was a slower song, so I eased up on my pace. I continued dancing, trying to be as interesting as I could. Belle slapped my ass this time as I gyrated past her. I spun to give her a nasty look, but the girl next to her slapped the pillow from my hands, and my cock bounced into view.

There was a roar of approval from the girls that drowned out the music. I gave Belle another dirty look but she mouthed 'make it good' to me as a warning.

Relenting, I began to dance naked for them. They hooted and hollered at me. The drinks flowed and so did their inhibitions. I began regretting asking how many songs Belle expected me to be doing this for. Having done two songs I decided to go for two more and call it quits.

I kept on at it for a while being groped and slapped by the six girls in the room, and as I neared the end of the fourth song one of the girls yelled, "I don't think he's having any fun!"

"I think you're right Cathy," said Belle with a smirk.

"Yeah, he isn't even hard!" said another.

"Yeah! Come one stud, make it good!" laughed Belle.

Shit, I thought. Here it goes, time for the bad.

"Maybe this will help," said Cathy, sticking her chest out at me so that her tight t-shirt stretched across her tits. He nipples tried to tear a hole through her shirt. It looked so very sexy and to my disappointment, I felt my cock twitch, and I saw her notice.
