 I tucked my arm around her and gently moved my hand up from her waist to under her arm before drawing back to plant it firmly on her chest. Her cute little tit fitted nicely I my hand and I squeezed in on it as her face moved towards mine.

Her mouth opened to greet mine and tentatively we kissed, our lips getting used to the feel of each other before our tongues connected and began to explore. I put my hand on the back of her head and held her face to mine as we kissed.

The situation was hot. We were parked in a fairly remote part of the countryside and you could tell we both turned on by the rendezvous. I know I had a tell tale sign trying to force its way out of my pants as we embraced. 

Despite the eagerness o f my dick, we held our kissing for a few minutes until our hands began a mutual wander around our bodies. I let mine hold and caress her hair and to hold her smooth neck before moving back down her body to stroke and grope her legs and arse. Hers drifted more keenly to my inner thigh and she gasped sweetly into my mouth as her hand found my hardness. The next minute or so was a blur of fumbles as I lifted my bum up to slide my trousers and boxers down. My hard six inches stood proud and I loved seeing her hand wrap its shaft, her warm hand feeling so good. She began to stroke it up and down giving me nice moans of approval as she watched it sliding in and out of her fingers. I was getting lost in the moment as her head got nearer and nearer my hard tip with each rub. Her wet lips touched my tip and now it was my turn to groan. Her mouth kissed down, enveloping my helmet and she slowly bobbed her head, taking more of me into her mouth with each second that passed.

My head was back and my eyes shut, taking in this pleasurable onslaught. When I opened them I noticed that she had moved in her seat and I know had access to her inner thighs and crotch. I wasted no time in putting my hand there and felt her wet clamminess through the material of her trousers as I put my hand flat on her pussy mound. I told her how hot and wet she felt as I rubbed the line of her pussy with my finger tips, groping at her crotch and thighs, hungry to feel more of her, but not able to interrupt the pleasure she was doling out on my cock.

"God that feels good!" I told her again and left her pussy alone to put my hands on her head. She didn't need any help, this was a great blow job, but I wanted to feel in control of it for a minute so I pushed my hips up at the same time, gently fucking her face. I soon let go and she came up for air, letting her hand continue its massage. I was playing with her crotch again and she leant back to enjoy the sensations, her head lolling backwards then rolling forward again to meet mine for another deep kiss. Her cute little tongue pushed forcefully into my mouth this time and I imagined my cock being the last thing to touch it and kissed back just as firmly. Her pace was quickening on my shaft and I knew that I was so turned on that I wouldn't last much longer. I remember telling her something to that effect and that she had better get her mouth back down there. We hadn't spoken about it, but somehow I knew that I would be coming in her mouth and I knew that she would want it that way too. I felt my body tensing and legs went rigid as the pace on my shaft got faster and faster. She held her open mouth around my throbbing tip, teasing me almost daring me to shoot my come. And so I did.

Her beautiful mouth closed immediately on my cock as I shot my first wad of spunk into her and she pumped her head up and down making sure that no drop escaped. She made sweet and sexy noises as I came in her mouth and I imagined my hot thick juice hitting her throat and swilling in her mouth before she swallowed it down.

We didn't say a word to each other as she rubbed my slowly sagging member in her hand. Her pretty face was reddened, I knew with excitement and I could sense even more how turned on she was as I pulled her face once more towards mine. I didn't hold back and kissed her deeply, pushing my tongue as far into where my come had just been, licking inside around her mouth and tasting the traces of my spunk on her tongue and gums.

She moved more onto her back and reclined across me. I knew she wanted some attention and I wished there was more room in the car, I would have loved to have gotten between her legs and licked her sopping snatch. I settled for her undoing her trousers and letting my hand get into her knickers. There wasn't much room for manoeuvre, but my fingers had no trouble locating her wet slit. Her body reacted with each and every movement and touch. I played with clit, circling it and teasing it with my juice soaked finger tip. Her constant moans and heavy breathing encouraged me and I would change the pace from slow to rapid according to how stiff her body went under my touch. She was so wet, her juices must have been running throughout my glorious blow job. I let my fingers slide up and down her wet mound and then eased my index finger in. Her whole body spasmed and she grabbed me tight in her arms. I slid that finger in and out with an uncontrolled mixture of slow and fast, her breathing ragged, pushing her chest into me as quickly as her gasps would take it away. I guess the sensations inside her became too much as she wriggled free of me. I focused my efforts back on the surface of her skin and her clit, rubbing gently, but firm. I rubbed her quickly, using her own juices as lube for my frantic action. I drew her in close to me and held her tight, squeezing her into a kiss as at last she came in my grasp. It was a quieter affair than my own orgasm, but no less erotic, her whole body moved as she panted heavily, catching her breath as she lay in my arms our tongues, once more, engaged to seal the heat of our passion.

We held our embrace for a short while before moving apart, straightening our clothes and making our respective ways home.