 I meet you at work, and we take your car to grab a bite to eat. However, I’ve already noticed the bulge in your slacks, and my mind has turned from food, to dining of another kind. I move over beside you on the seat as you drive, pressing lightly against your side, pressing a soft kiss to your neck, just under your ear. My hand moves down to caress your inner thigh, squeezing gently as I slide my hand along it.

“Baby, I’m not very hungry…for food..could we take a drive instead?” I ask. You readily agree, knowing by my tone and actions I have something better in mind. You move us from the main thoroughfare to a side road, where few cars challenge our ownership of the road. As you drive, my hand has become emboldened, caressing your balls and growing cock through your slacks. My palm cups you, fingers flexing, and my  fingers trace your outline through the fabric, then moves to unsnap your slacks, and slides the zipper lower. I move my hand into the open fly of your slacks, seeking your warmth and hardness, wrapping my fingers around you, and beginning to stroke.

After stroking you this way a little while, I move to pull the band of your shorts lower, and your now hard cock springs free. I tug once more, bringing the band of your shorts below your balls, exposing all of your maleness to my sight and touch. I love the way your breathing has sped, and those little soft cries of pleasure that escape from your lips as I run my palm and fingers over your balls and cock.

Moving around on the seat, almost laying down upon it, I position myself so that my head is free to move downward between your body and the steering wheel, and slowly slide my tongue over your cock head. You groan in pleasure, the car swerves a tiny bit, but you quickly right its movements. I run my tongue over the head, gently probing the eye, tracing the rim, and flicking against that sensitive spot just below it on the underside. Lips slightly pursed, I then use suction to draw your cock head into my mouth, where I roll it on my tongue, sucking gently at first, but steadily increasing suction and power. Working your shaft and head with my tongue, I gradually draw you deeper…and deeper…and deeper…until your cock head is enveloped in the soft tissue in the back of my throat, and proceed to suck deeply, flexing those muscles around you so that your pleasure is increased. My head begins to rock fractionally, increasing the slide and friction of my mouth and tongue around you, and you begin to search almost frantically for a secluded spot to pull over and stop, so that you can concentrate on the sensations my mouth on you are evoking. I continue this slow deep suction until I know you have found a place to park, and when the car slows to a stop, I begin to suck you in earnest. Moving more firmly now, increasing the suction and movement of my head, I stimulate even greater sensation in your already pulsing cock. My hand massages your balls as I devour you, and I love the contractions and spasms I feel running through them under my palm. Your hands move to the back of my head, and your hips begin to rock into my movements, attempting to push yourself even deeper. Your cock feels wonderful, tastes wonderful in my mouth and throat. I love your groans and gasps, and your broken phrases encouraging me to suck you, take you deeper, take it all, and make you cum.

Your cock begins to jerk and throb, your balls tighten under my palm, and with a loud groan, you push forward, hips raised, as you climax, flooding my throat and tongue with your cum. I suck greedily as you shoot into me, draining your balls of every drop, and as the explosion ceases, ease my suction to suckle your now drained and very sensitive cock head. As your body relaxes, collapsing back against the car seat, I lift my head, sitting beside you, lips still wet and swollen from our pleasure, and press a deep warm kiss to your lips, tongues sliding against each other, sharing our pleasure.

Breaking free from our kiss , I smile and murmur, “ Mmmm….I really, really enjoy having lunch with you, baby…I really do.”………………….