 I’d been sitting at home for far too long, and on a whim, I decided to go out to the local club in town. While hooking up would have been nice, I was mainly looking to just get the hell out of my stuffy apartment and let loose for a while. I threw on a pair of slightly faded khakis, pulled a ribbed t-shirt on over my frame and headed out. Along the way, I placed some calls on my cell phone and got a few friends to come out and meet me at the club.

I walked in around 10:30 and already the place was rocking. Heavy dance rhythms pounded from the speakers while the strobe lights flashed across the landscape, illuminating everyone on the dance floor like a sort of live action cartoon flip book. I hit the bar for a Malibu and Coke and stood back to survey the scene. I had always known this place was a premiere meat market, but I had no idea it would be like this. It was un-fucking-believable. Everywhere you looked it was as though the top 25 percent of the gene pool had come to play. I knew that a guy like me had no chance in hell of scoring in a place like this and immediately began to feel woefully out of my league. I debated leaving before making a complete fool of myself. I was up out of my stool but before I could make a break for the door, the bartender tapped me on the shoulder.

I turned around to find another Malibu and Coke in front of me. Knowing I hadn’t asked for a refill, I looked at bartender in bewilderment.

“Compliments of the lady, “ he replied, pointing to his right.

I followed his line of sight to a booth nearby wherein sat the sexiest thing I had seen so far that night. She looked to stand no more than 5’ 7” or so. Her auburn hair came down to about her shoulders. She wore a purple silk blouse that buttoned up the front. I tipped my glass toward her in salutation and thanks. She motioned me to join her at the booth. I quickly complied

As I worked my way through the crowd, I began to get a better look at my new drinking buddy. She wore a short skirt along with black nylons, which perfectly complimented the light purple of that blouse. And those high heels on her feet had to be at least two and a half inches, if not three. From what I could make out through the din, she had her curves in all the right places. As I slid into the booth across from her, I couldn’t help but notice her rather generous cleavage exposed from the opening at the top of the blouse. Her tits had to be at least a C cup, D if I was really lucky.

She offered her hand across the table. “Hi, I’m Charlotte.” 

I accepted the hand gingerly. “I’m Bruce.”

She was unbelievably nervous. Her body language screamed that this was something she had never done in her life and the excitement of the situation what making her tremble. The ice rattled in her glass has she gulped down the last of her vodka tonic.

“Are you OK,” I asked, playing on her obvious tension, “ you seem a bit on edge.”

“Well,” she replied, “it’s just that… I’ve never done that, you know? Just picked up some stranger in a club and sent him a drink.”

“First time for everything,” I replied. “If I could ask a question, why?”

“Truthfully, you’re hot, “ she answered back. “And I just knew I’d kick myself if I didn’t at least talk to you.”

That answer kind of took me aback. Maybe it was the booze talking. Then again, maybe she was always this honest. I seized the initiative and took her hand.

“C’mon,” I said, tugging her towards the dance floor, “lets dance.”

She rose willingly to follow me to the floor. As I glanced back to watch her follow me and my jaw nearly dropped. Her body curved in every single right place. Almost at once, I felt a shot of adrenaline go straight to my cock as it began to twitch in my pants. I suddenly found myself in a surprising amount of arousal and hoping to get a taste of my newfound piece of poontang pie.

The music began to take a seriously sexual tilt as we started moving on the floor. After a few minutes, the space between us grew smaller and soon I could feel her grinding against my body. A move which was further heightening my horny state. I began to move against her body in response. She turned around reached around to feel my body from behind. All the while continuing to grind her ass against the now substantial bulge in my crotch. Taking a chance, I began to feel down the front of her body, across her rather ample chest. When she made no effort to stop me, I dared myself to go further, inching my hands below her waist while my mouth was inches from her rather delectable earlobe. Charlotte reached back and pulled my mouth to hers. I felt her tongue slip past my lips and begin to mingle with mine. I wasn’t about to stop her. After a several minutes, we came up for air.

“You wanna get out of here?” I asked, though I knew already the answer.

“Fuck yes!” came the near instant reply.

I responded to that by boldly slipping my hand up her skirt. My hand instantly met with a damp crotch. I was treated to another surprise; this little nympho wasn’t wearing any fucking panties! I stared at her in surprise, she looked back and smirked.

“Let’s go.”

We started out to the parking lot. All the way, her hand would absentmindedly drift over the bulge that my cock was creating in my pants while I would grab her ass and whisper horny little thoughts in her ear. After a few moments, we reached our respective vehicles, which, as fate would have it were both in the most remote area of the lot.

I grabbed her and pulled her close. I could smell her pussy in the air and instantly knew I couldn’t wait any longer. Judging by the look in her eyes neither could she.

Charlotte slowly crouched down and began to caress my cock in earnest through my pants. After a few moments, she deftly unzipped them and reached through the fly to extract my now rock hard member. She smiled what had to be her best come fuck me smile and lowered her lips over my dick. I gasped as she began to work on my cock like there was no tomorrow. Her hot little mouth working up and down my thick shaft, stopping to lick the swollen, purple head. While her head bobbed up and down, she began undoing her blouse with a feverish intensity and soon had it opened to reveal the most beautiful set of tits I had ever seen. She hauled them out of her bra before returning her hands to work on my prick.

While she worked her tongue across my cock, she began to jack me off with one hand. I noticed that she had dropped her other one between her legs and I could faintly hear the sound of her fingers working her soaking wet pussy. That was more than I could bear. I pulled Charlotte of my cock and semi-aggressively pushed her down on the hood of her car. That seemed to excite her even more as she looked back at me and said, “Oh yeah, baby. You gonna fuck me good?” All the while she was hiking her skirt up to reveal that phenomenal ass. “Fuck yes!” I hissed as I stepped up behind her and slid my cock into her pussy.

Charlotte arched her head back and moaned. She was so fucking wet that I slid all the way up to the hilt inside her. I relished in the sensation before starting to move my cock in and out of her pussy. I reached down to cup one of her tits in my hand. She moaned uncontrollably. Her skirt hiked up around her waist and her tits bounced up and down while I gave her the hard fucking she was vocally begging for.

“Oh yeah baby!” She exclaimed, “That cock feels so fucking good! Don’t stop! Make me fucking cum!” I pounded harder at her twat, now reaching down with my other hand to finger her clit while my dick slid effortlessly in and out of her. It drove her insane. Charlotte began bucking against me and I could tell she was close to exploding.

“Fuck! Fuck! Yes! Don’t stop!! Shit, I’m gonna FUCKING CUMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!” The last word became a moaning scream as she came hard and loud against my cock. But I wasn’t done. And in my estimation, it was time to see how freaky this girl really was.


I whispered into her ear, “Can you guess where I’m gonna put this cock now?” Before she could reply to my question, I had let a large amount of spit slip down the crack of her ass and I began to work it around her opening, sliding one, then two fingers in her ass. Charlotte seemed to sense where I was going and was more than enthusiastic.

“Yeah baby,” she breathed, ”Fuck me! Put that cock in my ass!” I didn’t need to be told twice.

I placed the head of my still erect cock at her ass and began to press it against the opening. Between her pussy juice coating my dick and the spit I used earlier, it slowly eased past the opening and into her ass. She gasped in pleasure. It seemed like forever, but after a few minutes, I was firmly buried in that hot ass. I started to move. Slowly at first, but soon gaining speed. After several minutes of stroking, my cock was now firmly banging in and out of her ass. My balls slapped against her cheeks as she finger fucked her pussy, making the most out of the situation. I felt my balls begin to tighten, which signaled my own imminent explosion.

“Baby, I’m gonna cum!” I cried.

“Oh yeah!” She screamed. “Pull it out! Jerk it off! Cum all over my face and my mouth! I want to taste that fucking cum!”

At that, I pulled out of her ass and she quickly crouched down before my swollen cock. I feverishly jerked off over her face and open mouth while she diddled her clit. After a few seconds, I couldn’t hold back and began to shoot my load. Thick, white streams of cum shot out of my cock and splattered all over her body. Most landed on her face. Some streams hit the back of her throat where she gobbled it up. Some lucky drops found their way to her tits, still heaving in her open blouse. I shuddered while she sucked my cock for every drop before stood up. She didn’t even bother to wipe the cum off her face as she redid her blouse. She smiled at me and kissed me hard on the lips. As I struggled to pull myself together, she scribbled something down on a business card that she had seemed to magically produce from her purse and handed it to me.

“Thanks stud,” she smiled, “I needed that. Call me!”

With that, she got into her car and sped off. Bewildered, I looked at the card. It had her private number and email. I’m still debating whether to call it. But then again, I have always wanted my own private nympho.