 I firmly pushed my lips into Kyla's, reveling in the sweet smell of her skin and hair. She always smelled good. I could feel her hands running up and down my back, lifting my shirt with each upstroke. I moved to her earlobe as she pushed my shirt up to my neck. We broke our kiss to remove the shirt. Impatiently we resumed our kisses, moving to other sensitive places, other than the lips.

I wasn't sure where Kyla was going with this. We had never made love, and the intensity of this making out session was making me wonder. Here I was, having sneaked in through her window to avoid her parents, feeling her kiss her way down my chest. I shivered at the thought of how far down she would go. When she reached my belt buckle, she started to unbuckle it. She looked into my eyes and smiled. She almost laughed at my wide-eyed stare.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked.

"No. I'm not sure how far I want to go, but if we're really quiet I'd at least like to see what you look like. You know, under the lights, not like in the car where it's dark," she said with a nervous smile.

Kyla was ready to do something, what that was, I don't think either of us knew, but I was sure it was going to be fun, so I quickly disrobed. I keep in pretty good shape, and I've never had to work too hard to keep the pounds off. Kyla seemed to like what she saw.

"Your turn," I said with a smile. We'd only made out a few times in the back seat of my car, so I was anxious to see if she looked as good as she felt.

She nervously reached to her shirt and slowly, seductively, began to unbutton her shirt.

That was when we heard the knock on her door.

"Honey, time to do the chores," came her father's voice.

We both froze. I didn't want to find out what her father would do to the sight of seeing me naked in her room. Probably have me up on rape charges. Kyla quickly pushed me into the closet and shut the door, then realized my clothes were all over the floor and her bed. She quickly threw it all under her bed just in time. Her bedroom door opened and her father walked in.

"You forgot to do your chores again Kyla."

"I'll do them tomorrow!" she said emphatically.

"No you'll do them now. I'm tired of you shirking your responsibilities for later. You're going to go downstairs right now and do the dishes and fix your Mom's computer."

"No! it's too late!" she pleaded.

"Now! Maybe this will teach you to do your work when you are supposed to," he stated adamantly.

"Argh!!!!!!" she roared.

"Go, now." Her father said one last time.

"Fine, just let me change my shirt."

"You have thirty seconds," he said and left.

"I'll be back in a bit. I'll try to be as quick as I can. Just stay there," whispered Kyla to me through the door and left.

Crap. I thought. Here I was getting closer to Kyla than I had ever been before and now I was stuck in her closet, naked. I could have tried to make a move for my clothes, but who knew who else was up and about in the house at the moment. So I stayed there waiting, holding my balls and leaning amongst Kyla's clothes hanging on their hooks.

I heard someone enter the room. I quietly kneeled to look through the old fashioned keyhole to see if Kyla was back. I gulped back some air when I saw Kyla's sister Belle step in. She was a year younger than Kyla and at eighteen, was looking really hot in her short t-shirt that only went down to her belly button, and her low riding shorts. The shirt was tight enough to show off how firm her breasts were.

I stood back up, trying not to enjoy what I was seeing.

'That's my girlfriend's sister. Off limits,' I thought.

Belle was shuffling about in the room for a while. 'What the hell was she doing,' I thought.

I kneeled down again to look and I saw her looking about as she reached into Kyla's dresser drawer as if she was fearful of being caught committing a most heinous crime. Her hand lifted a big rubber dildo out from its hiding place, under Kyla's panties.


I stood back up again. I didn't want to think about Belle and that dildo. 'Why doesn't she get her own?'

I could hear someone else on the stairs, then a sharp intake of breath and heard Belle rush across the floor. The closet door flew open and there I was, naked staring at a very surprised Belle. She didn't have long to think about finding her sister's boyfriend, naked in the closet before she pushed in with me and closed the door to avoid having to explain to her sister that she wanted to borrow her dildo.

My attempt at chivalry was being sorely tested. Here I was naked, waiting to have fun with my girlfriend and her sister was now pushed up against me. I quickly covered my dick with my hands and tried not to stare at Belle's jiggling tits as she tried to quietly turn around in the closet. Her body was rubbing against the whole length of mine from the lack of space as she turned. Though I had my hands covering my cock, her shifting and bumping was still pushing against me.

Someone else was moving around in Kyla's bedroom.

Belle kneeled down to see who was there. The back of her head was now right in front of my hand covered cock. It started to rise despite my attempts to think of dead bodies and anything sick enough to make my growing hard-on to go away. It was a losing battle, so I tried to step back into the clothes and get some distance from Belle.

"Don't make a sound, or I'll tell my parents that you're here," Belle whispered.

Great. Now I was being blackmailed.

"Drew! You still there?" whispered Kyla from the other side of the door.

"Yes!" my voice croaked.

"I'm done with the dishes, but now I have to reinstall some stuff on my Mom's computer which won't take long. Hang in there for me okay?"

"Okay!" I groaned.

"Just try to be quiet. I didn't know Belle is back and there's not much of a wall between our rooms!"

At this point I wished there was a wall between Kyla's sister and me. I could hear Kyla's footsteps as she headed out of the room. Just then I lost my footing, trying to move away from Belle, still kneeling before me. My left foot slipped out from under me, and I had to brace myself from falling with my arms. As my hands whipped up to grab some clothes to steady myself, my raging dick popped up lifting a clump of Belle's thick brown hair with it.

Her hair was so soft, and it felt wonderfully soft on the sensitive skin of my cock. Belle slowly turned her head thinking I was touching her hair, only to find my engorged cock head leaning over her shoulder amidst her hair, and the further she turned, the closer it got to her mouth. By the time the head of my cock reached her cheek, she realized what it was, and she stopped. My cock jumped and pulsed as it rested against her cheek. Every bounce it made rubbed it even more against her and her satiny hair, and only adding to my arousal.

Frozen with shock and lust, I stood there watching her half turned head stare at my dick. Then her eyes lifted up and stared at mine. It was a strange sight staring at Belle with a lock of her hair draped over my dick.

Then she smiled. She warmly started brushing her cheek against the length of me. I tried to stifle a moan. She brushed her hair out of the way and began to lick her way down my cock. I tried to push her away but...

"Don't make me bust you!" she said with a naughty smirk and gave the head of my cock a wet kiss.

"We shouldn't be doing this!" I pleaded.

"Well you shouldn't be here. Besides, we're both horny, and Kyla's not here."

Belle gripped my hips and licked the underside of my cock, pushing her head into my rod, letting it's slippery length dance over her face the closer she got to my root. When she got to the base of my meat, her tongue displayed some delicate acrobatics on my balls.

I had already been aroused earlier by Kyla, and now Belle's attentions had me rock hard. Pre-come started to pour out of my dick and onto Belle's forehead. When she noticed the extra wetness, she backed off and wiped it off with a finger. She smiled and gripped the base of my cock and squeezed making more pour out. Using it as more lubricant she ran her fist up and down my dick. She popped the head between her moist lips and sucked the end her hand wasn't using.

I tried not to moan, but what Belle was doing was too good. I knew I wasn't going to last long, and I warned her. She only sped up, making my legs buckle. I managed to stay standing. I erupted in her mouth, and she dove in, deep throating all of my cock. She gulped away at the seed pouring out of me. Every gulp she took constricted her throat muscles and added to my intense orgasm. I shook uncontrollably and dropped to the floor.

Belle was still pushed right in front of me and held my still rock hard dick in her hands. She was still smiling at me. She shuffled her knees forward, bringing me in between her legs.

"I came to borrow Kyla's dildo, and I choose to use this one," she said with an evil grin. She pulled her shorts to the side and pushed my dick down to meet her pussy. I was too intoxicated to do anything about it.

Before I knew what was going on, she pushed against me and I was inside her. On instinct I began thrusting myself into Belle's tight pussy. It was a hot, wet, and very raw moment. Our faces and chests were thrusting and sweating and rubbing against each other in the confined space of the closet. We could feel each other breathe as our most personal parts joined.

Belle shifted up onto my thighs, bringing herself closer to me. I hugged her, pulling her shirt up, so that her ripe sensitive breasts could rub against my bare chest. We felt like we had become one orgasmic creature, pumping away with no thought other than pleasure.

Belle gripped my back with surprising strength as she reached her first orgasm. She mashed her face into my shoulder to keep from moaning loudly. The intensity of the encounter was having its effect on me. I was not going to last as long the second time as normal, but I was determined to get her off at least a second time, so that we would be even.

Belle's downward thrusts began to take on a furious pace, which encouraged me to push harder. We took great care not to move too much to avoid the obvious sounds of skin slapping. Our thrusts were short, but intense. I could feel her pull tighter, and her vice-like pussy gripped me in a regular pace. She was getting close. I was too, and I started to think of unsexy things to hold back.

It seemed like an eternity waiting for her to have her orgasm. I could feel her body get more and more tense. Every time it felt like she was going to blow, she would tense up some more. At last it came, and I came with her. We both mashed our faces together, to keep our moans down to a quiet decibel. We would have screamed if we could, it was so extreme. I pumped gallons of come into her, but kept thrusting into her. Her body froze in place as waves of orgasmic bliss crashed into her over and over.

I had wanted to give her a second orgasm, but it had turned into a series of multiple ones. I tried to keep thrusting into her, twisting and sliding around to keep her in that state for as long as I could. Her body was like shaking stone. Eventually her earthquake began to fade and her body relaxed.

We were both covered in sweat, and as soon as we realized what had just happened, Belle stood up and kissed me, and left the closet, shushing me with her finger at her smiling lips.

I was back to where I had started, naked, and alone in my girlfriend's closet. How the hell was I going to get out of this one? Any moment now Kyla was going to come back into her room, and probably want to start up where we had left off. I wasn't sure I was able to get it up again after this.

'I'll eat her out. That's it. I'll tell her I couldn't wait and jerked off in the closet. I'll go down on her until everyone has gone to bed, then I can risk getting cleaned up. Then if she still wants to get busy, I'll be ready,' I thought. 'Who am I kidding. She's going to be turned off by the thought of me jerking off in her closet. Very romantic. What a fucked up evening.'