 * * * WARNING * * * 

All the actors in this script are of legal age, but may portray maturing young adults. This is a work of adult fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy my story!

FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a number of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of very erotic reading that will appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for anyone visiting Literotica. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirt mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category. Many of these chapters could go into many different categories.

For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd expect a totally hetero reader to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between sister's. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. LOL

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is now instantly deleted without being read, so why waste your time and mine - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 12 - What Do You Say To a Naked Lady? 

Beth was furiously masturbating on the bathroom floor. While it had started off to be a distraction to guarantee Jimmy would be watching her pussy through the wall while Lynn snuck around to catch him, a few things transpired in a very short time. First of all, she'd just eaten her first pussy.

Second, she'd just had her own pussy get a wonderful tongue-lashing. Lynn had eaten her with such skill and intensity it was hard to believe it was only her first time doing it.

Third, it finally sank in that her brother was probably just the other side of the wall with his penis hard, jerking it off the way she'd secretly seen her father stroke his cock. Jimmy, despite being a major pain, was actually turning into a handsome young man; he looked a lot like their Dad must have at that age.

Fourth, Beth had been way out of it when she'd found the big gob of sperm. After all, she'd just come big time from her first 69. But now it hit home. She'd just touched a boy's sperm!! It had dripped onto her breast when she'd lifted her hand to get a closer look at her find.

Fifth, she'd just rubbed sperm off of her breast. When Beth stuck her coated finger into her mouth, she'd just tasted sperm for the first time. Also, she'd tasted Lynn, that same finger had been probing Lynn's pussy just minutes earlier. She tasted herself. She fleetingly recognized that the same finger which had been inside of Lynn had just been inside her own pussy seconds ago. 

Sixth, Lynn's scent still filled Beth's nostrils. Despite the shower, the room reeked of sex.

Seventh, some part of Beth's primal self was extremely excited by the idea that her wide open thighs and her wet crotch were being displayed proudly, lewdly to her brother's eyes. It had definitely excited her when her sister watched her masturbate. It was exciting her even more that a male, her brother, was seeing her naked pussy, seeing her fingers work her clit and plunge into her vagina. Unconsciously she aimed her pussy more towards the "holey wall".

Some of these things Beth thought about, some her horny teenaged brain was subtly aware of as it reviewed its checklist of prerequisites for Beth to be allowed her orgasm. "Let's see..." her brain said, "Clitoral stimulation. Check. Vaginal penetration. Check. Houston, we have a go to throttle up."

Beth's mind was flooded with a stream of images spanning the past few months since, together, Beth and Lynn began their journey of sexual awakening and experimentation. She pictured herself sucking Lynn's teat for the first time at the Drive In, remembered the sensation of her hand sliding under Lynn skirt, finally cupping her moist panty-covered pussy.

She recalled her finger sinking into Lynn's hot, slick interior for the first time, seeing Lynn's hips bucking off the bed as she came almost in Beth's face. She almost felt Lynn's tongue slither into her mouth. Beth recalled the heart-stopping intensity of, how long ago had it been, as she looked down, then realized Lynn was about to eat her. The second or two between realization and physical contact had seemed like an hour to her hyper-stimulated brain.

Beth vividly relived the sensation of Lynn's tongue as it bored into her slot, exploring her steamy pink flesh. Then the electric like jolt that almost caused to her faint when Lynn's tongue first licked her clit. "Ooooooooooooooooohhh."

Beth was almost there; it was building rapidly within her. Flashes of her Dad's stiff penis blinked strobe-like in her mind. Time nearly stood still as she imagined that angry penis waving in front of a flat, rippling stomach, a powerful body walking towards her open legs. As he knelt, he aimed his red tip at her eager vagina; he began to push it into her... Beth had an orgasm of epic proportions. 

So much stimulation in so little time, her body was flooded with pleasure inducing chemicals. At some deep level, she knew there was nothing to hide now. Beth moaned for all the world to hear. Her hips writhed in wide, wild circles. Her back arched, her eyes shut tight, her tongue licked her lips, her pussy expelled fluids, beads of sweat became evident, every muscle in her body tensed. Beth came, boy did Beth come. She was, for those moments, the most beautiful sight any male could ever hope to see.

On the other side of the wall Jimmy and I were reaching a state of excitement we never dreamed possible. Despite the several recent ejaculations, we were about to come again. Jim and I had been fairly near to each other as we'd sought peepholes with the best line-of-sight to Beth's pussy. Our hands were flying; Beth was about to come, and we were determined to join her.

Surprise! The closet light came on just before we popped our corks.

A voice behind us yelled, "You little shits!!!" Jim and I spun around, dicks in hand, only to find ourselves a couple feet away from an angry, but naked Lynn. A naked Lynn, even a furious naked Lynn, is still more than a virgin with a primed hard-on could manage. Jim and I started coming all over her. We didn't have all that much sperm left, but what we did have ended up as gobs stuck to her breasts, belly, and even her bush. Jim and I were too far gone not to ejaculate.

As Lynn hit the light switch, ready to kill Jimmy, several things hit her upside the head.

First she saw two tight, naked male butts. As we spun around, she saw two naked, male bodies. She saw two hard-ons that proceeded to shoot sperm onto her naked body. She felt pure heat everywhere it landed. She realized that little brother Jimmy and his best friend had fine, well-muscled bodies when viewed with their clothes off. And weren't so little any more; they were actually becoming very handsome young men.

Lynn was unaware that a waft of male musk had given her olfactory glands a solid whack as well; her nose had delivered its own clear "have sex" message to her primal brain. As angry as Lynn was, her system was still flooded with hormones from getting so turned by finally eating Beth, not to mention being eaten herself. Lynn's subconscious stopped her just long enough from beating the living daylights out of us.

Naturally she yelled as us. "What do you perverts think you're doing. How dare you!" But her eyes still glanced from one penis to the other. She barely saw our faces, her gaze went everywhere but. One thing about farm boys, they grow up with lean, muscular bodies. The kind of bodies an isolated, horny farm girl might want to look at.

Jimmy was literally drained; he slumped to the floor. He tried to look up at Lynn, but scared as he was, his eyes rarely were able to look higher than her pussy or breasts. I only was able to remain standing by leaning against the door jam.

Back in the bathroom, Beth heard the yelling. She knew Lynn had nailed her brother. On very shaky legs she stood, turned off the water, put on her robe, picked up Lynn's robe, then headed to Jimmy's room.

As Beth walked into Jimmy's room several things happened. First and foremost for me, when Beth opened the door it smacked into Lynn's butt. She'd been leaning over slightly yelling directly at Jim at that moment. Lynn lost her balance and fell forward. I caught her before she could fall.

I suddenly had an armful of very naked Lynn, her warm breasts and fantastic nipples were pushing into my chest. Best of all, my still nearly erect penis was right between her legs. Within two seconds my brain understood I was holding a naked, dreamy fox in my arms. It also knew EXACTLY where my penis was! It sent urgent signals to my groin. I sported a world class hard-on that was twitching against Lynn's slit before she knew what hit her.

It reminded me of my episode with Charlene. I had my arms around Lynn, holding her tightly. Initially to keep her from falling, next because I was frozen by shock, then because I never wanted this moment to end. I felt the fur on her vaginal lips tickle my penis. I began to tingle from severe arousal, actually felt my tip leaking clear lubricant.

Just staring into each other's eyes, we showing no expressions except surprise. Lynn tried to get her feet under her, to stand on her own. She did, but bringing her legs a bit closer together as she stood trapped my cock, pulling me tightly against her slit. I felt her humid warmth to such an extent that my knees threatened to give way. Suddenly Lynn, hearing my deep sigh and sensing the impact of her body on mine, was half supporting me.

The anger had drained from Lynn within a second of our embarrassing, but highly erotic accidental embrace. Neither of us moved for several seconds more, we were both having trouble breathing. I suspect we were both in shock. Also we were seeing and making heavy-duty contact with a member of the opposite sex for the first time. Neither Lynn nor I spoke.

I was so overcome I couldn't speak. Every point where her skin touched mine felt hot as a wood stove. She smelled fresh and sexy, I never knew a woman could smell that good. Not a perfume scent, this was pure 'ode de la Lynn'. I never truly thought about how it would feel to have a girl's bare breasts against my chest; magical would be putting it mildly.

Lynn's breath was so sweet. Her body molded against mine so perfectly. My hands were on her back, they begged for permission to explore her incredibly soft, warm skin. "Turn us loose! Let us roam!" they screamed. My penis had begun to throb against her pussy, even though neither of us was moving a muscle.

Genuinely, I've always liked both Lynn and Beth; we got along well most of the time since childhood. Both were very nice girls to be around. Staring into her eyes, I whispered, "You are the most beautiful thing I've seen since the day I was born." I meant it. I suspect Lynn heard the sincerity in my hushed voice. I wanted, more than anything, to kiss the soft, full lips just inches away from my own.

I bent my face closer to hers, slowly, haltingly. I lightly pressed my lips onto hers; she seemed to start kissing me back.

My head popped back, a look of bewilderment on my face. My brain had suffered overload. Without warning, without a build up, my testicles began pumping sperm. The point where our genitals were touching was being flooded with the last of my warm, thick ejaculate. Lynn's face showed an instant of shock, then understanding, thank God.

Lynn actually gave me a smile after a moment, the sweetest smile I'd ever gotten. Her eyes took on a special look of affection. Looking back, I suspect she understood and was flattered that her body had the power to cause mine to erupt. I think she could tell that it'd surprised me as much as her.

She stroked my cheek once, then whispered "It's OK." Lynn raised up on her toes slightly to give me a soft kiss. She seemed content to keep my penis in its golden cage for the moment. We continued to hold each other until my penis deflated completely a minute later.

Upon entering the room, Beth needed a few moments to take in everything. She spent a few moments staring at Jimmy's cock; it was lying atop the crack formed by his legs as he sat on his haunches. Jim wasn't erect, but was still respectable. With Lynn naked only a foot away, in spite of being thoroughly spent, Jim had remained semi-erect. Beth was totally confused to discover Lynn and me naked in each other's arms. She also was fleetingly ticked take she couldn't see my dick. Then she became a little turned on as she realized that not one, but two horny boys had been watching her.

Beth turned on the room lights. Lynn silently mouthed at me; "You're in trouble dick for brains." But she did give me a wry smile as she slowly slid out of our embrace. And I do mean slid. It was quick, and it was subtle, but her body had just flirted with my body. Her breasts had rubbed down my chest for a distance before she drew away from me.

Beth handed Lynn her robe. As Lynn slipped it on, I started to turn to gather my clothes. "Oh no you don't. Freeze, Larry!" Beth ordered. "You seem to have gotten a damned good look at us naked. You two shits, stay just the way you are!" Jimmy and I did as we were told.

Beth hadn't had her chance to chew our butts yet, so she got in her licks for the next couple minutes. I felt pretty embarrassed the whole time, but I kept quiet, allowing Beth to blow off steam. I tried to think it through as best I could, but I just never reached a point where I actually felt sorry that I'd seen these two beautiful creatures naked. I was sorry I'd made them feel bad. I didn't want to hurt anyone; I was simply desperate to see a real girl without her clothes.

I spent a lot of time looking at the floor, contrition was easier that way. Whenever I'd look up at Beth my mind would flood with images of her head buried between Lynn's luscious legs. As shamed as I was feeling, it was still difficult to forget both girls were naked under those robes. It was still so easy to picture them standing there without any clothes on.

From time to time I just had to see Lynn's face again. Every time I looked at her, I'd remember the radiant warmth I felt when I'd held her close.

A couple times I realized Lynn was looking back at me. I swear to God, I got shivers when we made eye contact. I'd felt so alive when I'd held her. She'd awakened feelings within me that I never suspected were there. The past hour had given me a lot to digest.

The tirade from Beth finally wound down. Lynn verbally singed us lightly a couple more times. Finally it got down to the hard part. Lynn's "Well, what do you perverts have to say for yourselves?"

Certainly this wasn't our finest hour; neither Jim nor I knew what to say, so we stumbled and bumbled quite a bit. Over the next quarter hour, we managed to apologize for embarrassing them. We finally conveyed the real problem that he and I had. There were no girls around. We were very curious, horny all the time, plus we both found the girls to be extremely attractive. They were here, and no one else was. 

Unexpectedly I found myself near tears towards the end. In a moment that may have been divinely inspired, I looked up, directly into Lynn's eyes. Locked onto to her gaze I said, "I'd never tell anyone what I saw today. I'd never hurt you. I know we're pains in the butt, and we tease you girls sometimes, but we like you a lot more than we ever let on." 

After a short pause, and a couple deep inhales, I added, "I'm sorry about a lot of things, but not about seeing you with your clothes off, or seeing you making each other feel so good. It was the most amazing thing that's ever happened to me. I've felt so lonely I could just die. Jim and I have been going crazy. Living around here, it seems like we'll never have girlfriends. Look, I'll do anything to keep you from hating me."

There was a long silence. Lynn exchanged whispers with Beth for a minute or so. Lynn turned back to Jim and I, saying "You two wait here! Do not get dressed! We want you to think about what you did, and standing around bare-assed might help. We need to discuss your punishment for this little stunt. We'll be back as soon as we've decided." They left.

* * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This journey continues with Chapter 13.