 Blake and Melissa had been looking forward to their annual vacation for what seemed forever.

They had been planning their trip to the Florida Keys for months, had booked themselves into a quiet, romantic, little cabin just off the beach and worked out a somewhat hectic scuba diving schedule. They were going to be in Florida for two weeks, but figured they might as well make the most of their time away from the Canadian winter they had been suffering through. Blowing snow, harsh winds and freezing temperatures had a way of building up a longing for warmer climes.

After hopping in a rented Jeep and driving south from Miami to the cabin, they had checked in, checked out their lodgings and decided to take a few days to relax, work on their tans, drink some ice cold beer on the beach and make love. Hectic schedules had kept them from enjoying much of a love life lately - but they thought they'd correct that hassle in Florida.

After three glorious days of sun, sand and sex, though, they were ready to enjoy some diving. Blake had woken as dawn broke that morning, pulled on a pair of shorts and walked down to the beach to check out the boat they had rented for diving. After making sure the 20-foot craft was fully fueled and stocked with beer, he began hauling their dive gear from the cabin to where the boat was moored. A few trips had him sweating in the warming day.

Finished loading the gear, he felt a hungry growl in his stomach and headed for the cabin. "What's for breakfast?" he yelled as he approached. 

"Your favourite, what else?" called Melissa from the tiny kitchen. 

As Blake kicked off his sandals, he could smell bacon and eggs frying and realized he was indeed famished. Looking forward to a quick, hot breakfast and a cold beer, he walked into the kitchen and discovered Melissa at the stove, stark naked. Breakfast wasn't the only hot thing in the kitchen.

Taking a seat at the small table in the kitchen, Blake stretched his legs out in front of him, leaned back and enjoyed the view. Tall at five-foot-eight, Melissa had the long-legged, full-breasted look Blake had always favoured. Gazing at her now, he noticed that a couple of days in the sun had brought out the reddish highlights in Melissa's short-cropped brown hair. He also noticed that a couple of days on the beach had created bikini lines across her back and around her firm buttocks. Her legs, like her smooth, smooth back and face, were turning a beautiful, mellow, golden brown.

Intently watching the tanned goddess he so loved, Blake again thought how lucky he was that a babe like Melissa had ever fallen for him. Sure, he'd had other women, even lived with a couple for a couple of months, but they paled by comparison to this woman who had agreed to marry him. For an accountant, she had a real zest for life and she was always game to try anything new. He loved that about her.

Blake watched Melissa create her culinary experience at the stove, sipped his beer and simply enjoyed the view. "You know," he said, as he gazed at her, "that look is perfect for you. It's enough to keep me here in the kitchen all day." 

Melissa bent to take a couple of warm plates out of the oven, giving him quite the view of her beautiful behind. From heel to knee to thigh to bum, Blake thought he'd never seen legs as perfect. 

She moved the bacon and eggs from the frying pan onto plates, then turned and said, "Shut up, you. I just found it really hot this morning and I didn't feel like wearing anything too clingy."

As she walked to the table with the plates, Blake watched her breasts sway, admired her perky nipples and glanced down at her triangle of dark pubic hair. "Then I hate to tell you this babe, but you couldn't look much hotter than you do right now."

"That's sweet," said Melissa, as she set the plate in front of him. "Very sweet." She leaned down to Blake and kissed him, quickly running her tongue over his lips and into his mouth, enjoying the tickle of his mustache. "But eat up, I didn't slave over this for minutes and minutes just to see you let it get cold."

Melissa took the chair across from him and began to eat. As Blake took a bite of his own breakfast, he looked at her, bare-breasted and beautiful, and realized he'd never enjoyed breakfast more. He also realized he had a hard-on and was very turned on. Still, a guy had to eat.

They quickly ate their breakfast and sipped their beer, then gathered up the dishes. "I've got these," said Blake, as he carried the dishes to the sink. As he began rinsing off the remains, Melissa padded barefoot across the kitchen to stand behind him.

"You look hot, too," she said. "But I can help you with that." Blake's hands were in the soapy water in front of him and he continued washing as Melissa reached around in front of him to caress his chest. As she kissed the back of his neck, she pressed the fullness of her breasts against his back, feeling him straighten in surprise. As she fingered his nipples, Blake stopped washing to enjoy the sensation. Still behind him, Melissa ran her hands up and down Blake's chest, twirled her fingers in his dark chest hair and explored his belly button with a finger.

At the sink, Blake was now very turned on, with his penis doing its best to burst out of the shorts he had on. Melissa moved her hands from his belly button to the waist of his shorts and undid the button. As she reached for his zipper, she felt his penis pressing against the material. She gently stroked him a couple of times, then slowly eased down his zipper. Because he wasn't wearing underwear, Blake's penis immediately flopped out and pressed against the counter as the shorts fell to the floor.

"Well, well, no underwear this morning," Melissa whispered into his ear. "You must have been in a hurry to do something." She ran her hands across Blake's belly then moved them to caress his bum cheeks. Stepping back, she ran a finger up the crack of his ass, then up his back to where his black hair was tied in a ponytail. Gazing at his butt, Melissa noticed he was getting some tan lines from their time on the beach. His legs and back were darkening, leaving his bum cheeks a stark white.

"I was in a hurry this morning," said Blake. "I wanted to haul the gear down to the boat and make sure everything was ready." Shaking off the soapy water, he turned and took Melissa into his arms and pressed his penis against her belly. "Of course," he said, as he wrapped his soapy arms around her, "we could put off diving for a while." 

Melissa rubbed against Blake's penis, enjoying the warmth of him on her skin and the way the head pressed against her. Kissing him, she pulled away. "No way, Mr. B. We're here for diving and diving we will do. There'll be plenty of time for other fun and games later."

"Aw, come on, Mel, you can't get me turned on, then say maybe later. It's not fair."

"Fair, shmair. Get your swim suit on and let's get going. I promise I'll make it up to you later."

"Fine, but don't forget, you owe me," said Blake, his penis swinging like a rod as he walked naked into their bedroom.

After studying several books of dive sites in the area, Blake and Melissa had settled on a wreck dive. An old commercial fishing boat had sunk in the 50s and was lying in just 35 feet of water. According to the books they had read, it was a good spot to see a lot of fish and other marine creatures and an easy dive for people new to the area. The old craft was supposedly sitting on a sandy bottom and visibility was said to be fantastic.

The boat ride to the dive site took a half-hour, with Blake at the wheel, and a pair of 100-hp Evinrudes howling behind them. A canvas canopy above him kept the sun, beating down through a clear blue sky, off as he scanned the horizon. Wearing a green-patterned swim suit, he sipped a cold beer from the cooler and watched for landmarks on shore which would direct him to the site. 

He also watched Melissa, who had slapped on plenty of sunblock and was up in the bow, catching a few rays. Her lime green bikini showed off her figure and a pair of big sunglasses kept the glare out of her eyes. She sipped a beer as she lounged back on cushions and watched Blake.

What a guy, she thought. She'd never had more fun in her life than after she met him teaching a dive class. At first glance, she had thought he was just some scruffy, hippie-type who wanted to get away from it all by being under water as much as possible. But, after a couple of weeks of class time, she began to see that he was very serious, very professional about diving, and most other things in life. 

She could also see that his body was something serious, a body she could imagine herself enjoying. Blake obviously worked out and, when his work clothes consisted of just a swimsuit, it wasn't hard to imagine him out of it. It was after their open water certification dive, and the completion of the course, that Blake had asked her out. Melissa had accepted and had been glad ever since. 

Blake, as it turned out, was not only a very good diver, but he was a good man, a good cook, a great lover, an athlete and an honest guy. Melissa was deeply in love.

Caught up in her reverie of life with Blake, Melissa didn't hear him calling her. "This is it, babe, let's gear up and get wet." Blake had decided they had found the dive site, throttled back and, as the boat bobbed in a slight chop, he tossed the anchor overboard.

The pair moved to the stern of the boat and broke out their dive gear. After a quick safety check, they donned fins, weight belts and knives, then helped each other on with tanks and buoyancy compensators. As was the custom, they spit in their masks, rinsed them out over the side and then kissed - a long, tongue-filled kiss, for good luck.

They sat on the gunwale and, holding hands, flipped backwards into the ocean in a rush of bubbles. As they slowly finned toward the bottom, they couldn't help but notice that, indeed, there were fish everywhere. Looking down, they could see the old fishing boat lying on its side, dappled by the strong mid-day sun, which beat down through the depths.

After a slow descent, the pair explored the old wreck, looking into broken portholes, and finned down the length of the old workboat’s white hull. Everywhere, it seemed, marine life had taken hold on the wreck. Brightly coloured fish swam in and out of every opening in the old hull. Crabs and prawns scuttled about in the sand and weeds and brilliant anemones waved gently.

As always, Blake and Melissa were completely wrapped up in the underwater world, marveling at the abundant life that landlubbers never had a chance to see. Blake, though, was also wrapped up in marveling at Melissa. As she looked inside the wheelhouse of the boat, he couldn't help but notice the way her lime green bikini seemed to glow and become transparent in the sunny waters. With the bikini pulled tight across her gorgeous bum, he could see the crack and, as he swam closer and under her, a little dark pubic hair. 

As Melissa sank to the bottom to look under the hull, Blake moved in close. Melissa signaled to him that she wanted to look beneath the boat, then stretched out on her belly in the sand to try and see into the gloom. To keep her balance, she had spread her legs to the sides and flattened her fins against the bottom. Blake settled onto his knees between her legs in a swirl of sand and reached to caress her thighs.

His sudden touch caused Melissa to start, as she thought at first a fish had brushed against her. She was about to roll over to see what was going on when his hands moved to caress her bum through the thin material that covered them. As Blake gently caressed her bottom, Melissa thought, I don't believe it, he's horny down here. Right after that thought, though, she thought why not, and clenched her cheeks and pushed against his hands.

Feeling Melissa pushing against his hands and apparently enjoying his touch, Blake thought, right on, and slid his hands beneath her bikini to caress her skin. Her bum was all goose bumpy, both from the cool water and Blake's touch. Turned on now, Melissa pulled her knees under her in a doggy position. Blake moved in closer yet and began running his hands up and down her thighs and caressing her bum. 

Judging by the increased amount of air bubbles coming from Melissa's regulator, Blake could she was enjoying this.

Still facing under the boat as Blake's hands tenderly roamed over her, Melissa nearly laughed out loud into her mouthpiece as a large crab crawled from beneath a rock under the boat’s hull, as if to get a view of what was going on. Pushing off the bottom, Melissa rose up in a swirl of sand, spun around and settled onto her knees facing Blake. Placing a hand on each of his shoulders, she pressed her mask against his and looked into his eyes. Gazing into each other's eyes, they shared the same erotic thought.

With one hand on each other's buoyancy compensator, they took out their mouthpieces with the other and French kissed, enjoying the other's tongue for as long as they could hold their breath. Needing air, they separated and returned their mouthpieces to suck greedily at the flow. 

That long, salty kiss, though, seemed to act as a signal. As she pushed her mask against Blake's once more, Melissa reached a hand down to his crotch and found that his penis was nice and hard and pushing against the material. 

As she stroked him through his swimsuit, Blake's eyes opened wide, then closed in enjoyment. She moved her other hand to his swimsuit, tugged at the string and, with it loosened, reached a hand inside to grasp his thick manhood. Running fingers puckered by the sea water up and down his shaft, she caressed the penis she had come to know so well. She pushed back his foreskin to gently run a finger around the head, then traced the veins along his length.

With one finger, she stroked the spot Blake loved to have touched between the head and shaft, then stroked him gently several times. Still looking into his mask, she reached further into his swimsuit to caress his balls. Must be the cool water, she thought, they're not up to their usual size. Moving back to his penis, she gripped him more firmly and continued to stroke, enjoying the warm, soft feel of him in her hand.

Now Melissa noticed a greatly increased airflow from Blake's regulator. As his bubbles now rushed between their masks, she released his penis and took one of his hands. Still looking into his mask, she guided his hand between her legs and moaned into her mouthpiece as he caressed her. Now it was her turn to close her eyes in ecstasy. While concentrating on the feel of Blake's fingers inside her bikini, caressing her pussy 35 feet down on the ocean floor, she undid the buckles on her buoyancy compensator. 

She moaned as Blake’s fingers explored the folds of her pussy. Grasping her compensator's release hose, Melissa released the air and motioned for Blake to do the same. While slipping a finger between her pussy lips with one hand, he released the air from his compensator with the other. 

Now kneeling comparatively heavily in the sand on the bottom, Melissa grasped her buoyancy compensator and opened it. The vest dug somewhat uncomfortably into her armpits, but, holding it open, she took one of Blake's hands and pressed it to a breast, nodding at him. 

Blake could hardly believe where this was all going, but he reached behind Melissa's neck and undid the string of her bikini top. As she held her compensator vest open, he pulled the thin material away from her and noticed that her breasts, like her bum cheeks, were covered in goose bumps. Her beautiful orbs had taken on a slightly different appearance, due to the buoyancy of the water, but her nipples were hard and pointing at him, just the way he liked them. 

As they knelt there, with tiny fish finning around them, Blake continued to caress Melissa's breasts, enjoying the cool feel of her skin. He'd have liked nothing better than to suck on her nipples, but he knew he was breathing too fast to remove his mouthpiece. With bubbles now gushing out of Melissa's regulator, she let go of one side of her vest and pulled herself closer to Blake. Taking a hand again, she directed it back to her crotch.

Blake stroked her through the material, then eased his hand inside and again touched her lips with his fingers. As he touched the folds of her pussy, rubbed her clitoris and slid a finger inside her, Melissa arched away from him in pleasure. Blake was somewhat amazed that, even though they were under water, Melissa's pussy had a wonderful, lubricated, slippery feel.

Very horny now and incredibly turned on by this ocean lovemaking, Melissa pushed Blake's hand away from her again and, pushing off the bottom, rose then settled back down, again in a swirl of sand, to stand in front of him on her flippers. As she opened her vest again, Blake, still on his knees, undid the side clasp of her bikini bottom and pulled it down. Alternately eyeing the pussy before him and the wonderful breasts bobbing above him, he slowly inserted a middle finger and began to fuck her. 

After a couple of minutes of slow finger fucking, Blake pushed in to stroke her G spot. Melissa couldn't take much more and she breathed loud and hard through her mouthpiece. She took Blake’s hand and pulled it away from her, then slowly pushed him backwards into the sand on his air tank. With his hands in the sand behind him, Melissa dropped to straddle him and pull his swimsuit down his legs. As sand continued swirling around them, she wrapped the fingers of one hand around his penis and looked into his mask as she began stroking him. Blake just eased back on his air tank and hands and enjoyed.

As Melissa continued to stroke him, Blake began thrusting into her hand. Not wanting him to cum, Melissa released his member. He reached for her hand to move it back to him, but she pushed his away so she could rebuckle her compensator vest. Then, placing her hands on his vest and still looking into his eyes, she moved to ease herself onto his penis. The fully engorged head pressed against her lips, then she enjoyed the feel of him as she eased down his shaft.

Astride Blake with his penis deep inside her, Melissa was able to look off into the blue of the ocean and see fish swimming around. Looking up, she could see the sun beating down through the water on them. What an incredible feeling, she thought, as she rode her man on the ocean floor.

Blake, as much as he was enjoying being fucked by this gorgeous creature, realized it might not be a good idea. With his knowledge of water pressure, he believed his penis going in and out of Melissa could act as a piston and might actually harm her. He placed his hands on her thighs and, bearing down, Melissa had to pause. She felt like she could fuck him for hours, or until they ran out of air, and didn't want to be interrupted.

Blake, though, had now decided it wasn't a good idea. As she looked down at him, he gave the signal to head for the surface. Melissa shook her head, but Blake signaled once again, and winked at her. Melissa pulled herself off Blake's penis, floated up to stand and looked a little angry. Blake also floated up in a swirl of sand, with his swimsuit around his ankles. He pulled her close and looked her in the eyes through her mask. As he did, he cupped her bottom and lifted her almost weightless body to him. She now winked at him, held onto his buoyancy vest, wrapped her legs around him and again lowered herself onto him.

With their masks pressed against each other's once again, Blake injected small amounts of air back into his compensator. After a couple of short bursts, he could feel they were becoming buoyant again. Another spurt and they lifted slowly off the bottom. Locked together, with Blake's penis deep inside Melissa and her legs around him, the two ever so slowly rose to the surface, with nothing around them but ocean and fish. Blake bled off small amounts of air to ensure they didn't rise too quickly.
