 We went into your room that night, you leading me by the hand with a strong grip and an aggressive look in your eyes. I was a little scared but intrigued...

You start to kiss me softly while gripping my arms tighter. Your kiss becomes stronger and harder against my lips, and the force of your lips is making me moan softly.

As your hands start to go down my back, pressing me closer to you, I try to push away to get some air. You pull me in closer.

The room is dark and I moan even more as I feel you forcing my clothes off, making my heart go faster with fear and excitement.

Naked in front of you, you admire my body and start to tease my nipples. I breathe heavily and try to reach out to you to stop, but you grab my hands and place them behind me. You tell me to stand there obediently while you touch me or I would not get to have you at all.

I was a little scared, but curious what was to happen next, so I obeyed. You start to touch and pinch my tits, just to hear me moan and whimper. I closed my eyes so I could feel your hands on me perfectly. I feel you lightly running your fingertips across every part of my body. Feeling your lips and your breath on my breast makes my toes curl. My legs start to get weak and my pussy starts dripping with every touch and every warm press of your lips on my skin.

I moan and gasp, begging you to please take me, I was suffering and wanted you so much. You give me a smirk and I feel like you are making fun of me, so I beg you again. I beg you to use me however you want, as long as you fuck me with your thick cock.

You playfully knock me over onto the bed. You start kissing me, and finally let me touch you at last. I feel your body on mine, the warmth and the power, and I scream a little as I feel your hand go down my side, over my thighs and rest on my pussy mound. You start softly rubbing my wet clit, and then you bring your fingers to my lips and command me to suck. I suck and lick it like I would your cock, with love and ferocity. I get your fingers clean and wet and ready to use on me.

I feel you smile at my eagerness, so I bite your fingers playfully. That was a mistake. You grab a big handful of my hair and pull it to get a grip, and then you kiss me hard and give me a bite on my lower lip. You smile and tell me that I must not be a naughty girl or there will be consequences.

You go down my neck with your lips, past my tits all the way down to my legs. Resting your hands on my knees you force my legs wide open and I let out a little scream and moan as you rake my inner thighs with your teeth.

I moan and try to get away but you grip my legs hard and I scream and moan even louder. You let out a little laugh like you haven't even gotten started.

You go from tonguing my clit to gently nibbling on it. I start to grab the sheets and almost try to rip them with my little hands. The way your teeth feel against my sensitive area is incredible; I didn't realize that my clit could handle being bitten, and I am curious as to what else you're going to teach me. I'm already going of the edge of my first orgasm. I moan and whimper and cum harder than I ever have. My back curves up as I beg you to give my clit a rest, because I am so sensitive and my orgasms wouldn't stop.

I push my chest up and start to lose my mind as you keep teasing my clit and prolonging that orgasm. I feel you smile as I grab your hair this time and push your mouth deeper into me. I am sure that our neighbors have heard us by now, but I don't care.

Finally, you let my pussy rest. I lay down on the bed, breathing heavily and almost pass out. You stand up and have me face you. You grab my hair and gently but roughly pull me down to my knees, with your cock just inches from my face and the smell of your body washing over me. You offer me your cock and I take it, rubbing the shaft all over me so I can feel the soft skin against my lips and face. I want to tease you a little, make you suffer the way you made me suffer with desire. Instead, your big hand grabs my head like a rag doll and moves my mouth into position.

I slowly slide the head in my mouth, and with my tongue I lick all around it and I am shocked at how it barely fits in my little mouth. I try to be careful about it, but I feel your big hand pushing my head down over your cock, deeper and deeper, burying yourself into my throat. I feel like I am about to choke, but I know that I have to be a good slut to get my reward, so I relax my throat and take it. Little tears start to run down my face from the pressure on the back of my throat, just like the juice running down my legs from my aching pussy. I hear you moan and I start to suck your cock quickly, bringing it in and out and passing the head over my tongue every time. Sometimes, I stop and just let the head sit in my mouth while I ravish it with my tongue. 

Sucking harder this time, I feel your cock get thicker around my mouth. I take you out to lick the head a little because I know you're getting close, and I bring it back inside so that you hit the wall of my throat.

Suddenly, you get up and grab me by my hair, shoving my body over the bed with my ass in front of you for you to ravish. You grab my hips and I secretly hope that you won't be gentle. I get my wish as you penetrate me with your cock and thrust so hard that I feel you hit my cervix. You pump in and out, pounding your pelvis into my ass and your balls into my clit with every thrust. I scream and moan begging you to slow down and be gentle but wishing silently you to never stop and to do it harder, which you do without any hesitation. I ask you to please, please spray your hot juice inside me. You grab my hair like it's a handle for you to thrust your cock deeper into me, and you tell me that you decide where it goes and that I will have to like it. I moan and beg more as you continue to rail my pussy.

Out of nowhere, you pull out and turn me around to face you on all fours. I see you have your cock in one hand while your other one holds my chin in front of your cock.

I know what you want me to do, so when your hot, thick cum starts to flow onto my face, I smile and receive it in my mouth and on my face. You dip your cock in and out of my mouth so that I get a healthy dose down my throat and on my face.

I sit on the bed and start to use my fingers to gather you're cum into my mouth. I smile because I love your taste and I love being covered in your cum.

When I've finally cleaned up the mess, you grab me like a bear and draw me close to you to lay in bed with you. As you sleep, I tremble with your touch, not knowing what else you might do tonight. As I start to drift off, I can feel you stiffen behind me, growing against the cloth of my panties. I drift off to sleep knowing that, in a few hours, you would wake up with a massive erection and a petite slut next to you, powerless to resist your next conquest of her pussy.