 Laying in the dark, it’s cold. I love winter, when the air is so cold you can see your breath. There’s nothing like it. But what I love even more is waking up to find you next to me. You’re still sleeping, you’re breathing hard and deep. You’re laying on your back and I can just make out a slight tent over your groin in the dark. I know how deep you sleep and know this is going to be fun.

Slowly, I slide down underneath the covers. Slithering between your legs, I run my hands up over your thighs. Such strong thighs. Kissing the inside of your left thigh, I move upwards slowly. Your cock is already swelled and standing stiff. It’s too dark under the blankets but I know every inch of your cock. I love that you are so big and thick. Using my tongue, I lick my way up your thigh to your balls. Flicking my tongue over your sac, I slowly pull you into my mouth. You move a little, squirming against me, but you don’t wake up.

With small quick sucks, I pull your balls into my mouth. Your cock is twitching, getting hard, as my lips pull and caress you. I love the way you taste, the way you feel. Moving my mouth from your balls, I gently wrap my warm lips around the tip of your cock. Your legs shiver and you sigh deeply. Your cock is throbbing in my mouth. Wrapping my lips tight around the tip, I push down on your stiff member and suck you into my mouth. As I push down the shaft, your hairs gently tickle my nose. I love sucking your cock.

Rolling my tongue around you, I slip my mouth up and down gently, slowly, sucking you. My cheeks close in around you and then release as I pull my head back up. You groan in your sleep and gently push up with your hips. Wrapping my fingers around the base of your cock, I concentrate on sucking the tip. I can taste drops of pre-cum on the tip. Flicking my tongue over you, I push down and tease the tip of your cock. Using my tongue, the licks are quick and fast, just the way you like it. 

Squeezing my fingers around your shaft, I push down and then pump back up. My lips are tight around your head, sucking. You moan again and push up with your hips. You’re still sound asleep. My fingers wander down and squeeze your balls again as my mouth continues to suck you, pulling and pushing up and down. You taste so good. 

Your cock is twitching in my mouth. I push my head down and my mouth covers all nine inches of you, the tip of your cock rubbing against the back of my throat. My fingers tighten around your balls, caressing and teasing your sac. I hear you moan again and thrust up. The dream you think you’re having is getting very intense. 

Pulling back up, I hold the tip of your cock with my fingers and lick the base with my tongue. Up and down, I coat your cock with my tongue, licking you faster and faster. The tip of your cock fills with more pre-cum and I suck it down again. Wrapping my red lips around your cock, I suck harder this time, pulling up on your shaft. You moan and your legs flex around me. I suck harder.

My fingers are pumping you. My mouth is tight around you. You moan and push upwards. The covers come flying off me just as your cock erupts in my mouth, filling me with your cum. I suck hungrily, pulling every last drop from you. You’re panting, moaning as my mouth continues to suck. I hold your cock again and lick the underside where I know you’re sensitive. You grunt and thrust upwards again. Your cock tries to go limp but I won’t let it. 

Sucking harder, I pull your cock back to full length again. I love that you can get instantly hard again. Rolling my tongue around you, I push my mouth down again and cover your cock. Your hands are pushing my head up and down on your shaft. When you’re finally hard again, I kiss the tip of your cock and then crawl up your legs.

Wrapping my hands around your cock, I guide the tip slowly into my pussy above you. Pushing my hands down on your chest, I squeeze your cock with my pussy as I slid down, taking all of you in me. I pull up, your cock slipping out of me. Again, I guide your cock into me, and again I pull off of you. Four more times, I tease you, fucking you slowly. You’re moaning. 

Taking your cock one last time, I push the head up inside my pussy. With the tip just inside my lips, I push my hips back and forth, fucking the tip of your cock. I moan and grind myself down onto you, taking your whole cock inside me. Leaning forward, my hair falls down around my face, tickling your chest. You grab my hair and pull my mouth down to yours. As your tongue pushes inside my mouth, your cock thrusts up inside my tight pussy. I moan and push down on you harder.

Raising my head, I ride your cock, bucking back and forth on your shaft. I feel my first orgasm ripping through me. My pussy tightens around your cock, squeezing it between my lips. Lifting myself off you, I lower my mouth to your cock again. Sucking you between my lips, I taste my own orgasm on your dick. It tastes so good. I suck hard, my mouth pulling you into me. 

Rising again, I move to lay next to you, my ass in the air. You sit up, bracing yourself behind me. I grab the headboard and hold on as you slowly guide your raging hard cock into my pussy from behind. I moan and push back against you. Your hands grip my ass and pull me back harder. I can feel your balls slamming against my thighs as you fuck me, drilling my pussy. Hanging onto the headboard, I meet each of your thrusts with one of my own. 

Reaching down between us, I let my fingers stroke my pussy as you fuck it. My clit is hard and throbbing. Your cock is filling me, fucking me harder and harder with each thrust. I beg you to fuck me harder. I moan and push back, wiggling my ass against you. You reach down and slip a finger in my ass as your cock fucks my pussy and my finger rubs my clit. I can’t believe how wild you make me. I groan and reach my second orgasm. 

Pulling out, you flip me over and lift my legs up to lay on your shoulders. Savagely, you thrust your cock into my pussy and pull out again. Over and over again, you fuck me and leave me. I’m writhing on the bed, moaning and begging you to fuck me harder, to fuck me with your cock. My hands grab hold of my breasts, pulling on them. You grab my ankles, holding my legs up. Your cock is drilling me. I feel another orgasm and scream in ecstasy. You grunt and slam your cock in me. I feel you erupt inside me, your cream filling my pussy.

You push into me a couple more times, then pull out, leaving me empty. Collapsing on the bed, you moan and smile. Within minutes, you’re sound asleep again. I lay there and smile. I wake you again in an hour.