 She crossed her legs, right over left, then recrossed them, left over right. Shifting in the hair, she tapped her index finger against her chin, thinking, planning, desperately trying to quell the wicked nervousness that was clawing at her stomach. Droplets of water still clung to her skin from the hot shower she'd just taken, and she'd wound a thick towel around her head to hold up her soaking-wet hair.

You can back out, she thought, sighing at herself in disgust. No, no... I want to go. Yes, I want to go. Ok. What am I going to wear? I have to get moving if I'm going to make that plane.

She stood up from the overstuffed chair, and walked over to her dresser, pulling open the top drawer. What do you wear to meet a stranger you have every intention of fucking? she mused. Rooting around in the drawer, she pulled out handfuls of white cotton panties, looking at them with disgust and rolling her eyes. Sure. White cotton. Let him think I'm a schoolmarm. What a turn-on. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror, and froze, staring at her bare skin. Her eyes traveled critically over her still steaming skin, frowning at her round, full breasts, the chubbiness around her middle. At least I didn't cut myself shaving, she thought as she looked at her perfectly smooth mound. Well, he's seen me in pictures. He knows I'm nothing special. May as well get this over with before I chicken out.

She selected a pair of light blue thong panties and pulled them on, and a simple white bra. Panty-lines are a no-no. Dressing conservatively in purple slacks, a white tuxedo shirt, and a matching purple blazer, she slid on socks, and black oxford heels. In the bathroom, she piled her long hair on her head, put on a dainty pearl choker and a touch of lipstick. 

Before she had time for second thoughts, she grabbed her purse and suitcase, and dashed out the door for the airport.

****

The moment the plane touched the ground her knees began to shake uncontrollably. She'd had some very naughty talk with him, and confessed her most intimate fantasies. They had been talking via telephone and email for well over a year, and grew increasingly close as the days went by. He knew about her desire to be controlled, and her shame at being unable to orgasm with a partner. He was so understanding, so kind, never adopting a scornful attitude, listening patiently, occasionally sharing some of her fantasies. He seemed a gentle bear of a man, tall and stout, with a sweet smile and dark, thoughtful eyes. She sighed softly every time she looked at one of the many pictures he'd sent her, desperately wishing that he was with her.

And although she was very excited to go see him, and they'd talked animatedly about the prospect, now that he was waiting for her inside the terminal at the airport, she was losing her nerve. Could he possibly be as nervous as I am? God, what if he thinks that in reality I'm hideous? Jesus christ, I'm going to throw up before I even de-plane.

She clutched her handbag tightly as the passengers exited to the gate, following them like a lemming, blindly going where they went, talking herself through her anxiety as she willed her legs to move. She strode with false confidence up the hallway that led into the terminal , her heels clicking against the floor, her heart banging on her ribs. Maybe I should go to the bathroom and get ahold of myself, she thought, panicky. Her eyes darted around, scanning the crowd, and her heart stopped as her gaze came to a sudden screeching halt. 

That's him! her mind screamed. He was smiling at her, eyes flickering with recognition and moved quickly toward her. Oh my god! she panicked, the sound of her blood rushing echoing in her ears. Without a thought he enfolded her in his arms, squeezing her tightly for a long moment. I'm sure he can feel my pounding heart. They pulled back, and he rested his palm on her cheek, and looked into her eyes, smiling. She felt that jolt between her legs, a longing, and struggled internally for composure. He let go then, and grabbed her suitcase, an impish twinkle in his dark eyes, as if he realized how much she wanted him.

"I'm glad you made it," he smiled, taking her hand. "I've been anxious all day, really looking forward to meeting you in person."

"Yes," she said with a nervous smile. "So here we are, in the flesh."

****

Not a bad room for a cheap motel, she thought, nodding to herself. He'd followed her into the room, latching the door behind them, and it closed with a forboding thud. She jumped a bit, and looked at him. I want to tear off his clothes and devour him whole, she thought. He smiled wryly because the look in her face was unmistakeable, and stepped very near to her without making physical contact. She could smell the faint odor that shaving cream left behind on his skin, her senses reeling, and felt dampness spread across the crotch of her panties. I wonder if he feels like I feel? she wondered. Don't look at his pants, dammit! Be cool. Keep your eyes on his. 

"I just never thought we'd finally be together, you know? I'm still absorbing it all," she said. He smiled at her, but said nothing, having always been the quieter of the two of them. He leaned imperceptably closer as if to kiss her, and her eyes widened just a hair as her pulse raced. 

"Tell me what you want," he said, firmly, the authoritative tone in his voice taking her by surprise. She gasped and blushed shyly, lowering her eyelashes for a moment. It turned her on to have him talk like that, but her sensibilities warred with her want, and her normally gentle ways pleaded to be cast off in favor of raw physical pleasure, rough and wanton. 

"I want you to kiss me, and then I want us to finally do it," she said.

"Do what, my girl? Tell me what we are going to do."

"Fuck," she said, the word sounding so alien coming from her pretty mouth. Her cheeks burned, and he smiled wickedly. She moaned softly just to see that smile, and he closed the gap between them, pressing a rough and demanding kiss to her lips. His engorged cock pressed firmly against her belly as he kissed her, his desire more than evident. His hands traveled the length of her upper arms, her neck, and then he buried them in her hair, gently working to free it as he fed on her mouth. Finally, it fell heavily down around her shoulders, his hands still in it, stroking, enjoying the feel of each strand. 

But the gentleness changed all too soon as their combined passions escalated. He gripped her hair tightly in one hand, the other deftly unfastening the buttons of her shirt. He pulled her head back, exposing her throat, and pressed hot kisses there, occasionally grazing his teeth across the sensitive skin there. Her hands, in turn, worked at his clothes. The need to feel his warm skin against hers was almost overpowering. 

He led her by the hair to the bed, and roughly pushed her down. She propped up on her elbows, her clit pulsing with each heartbeat, and watched him standing above her. She could tell he was taking in the sight of her breasts straining to be released from the confines of her bra, her shirt having fallen open. She trembled beneath his gaze, so torn between her good-girl sense of things, and what the bad girl ached for. The bad girl is definitely winning here.

"Now," he said, hands on his hips, his pants half unbuckled, "tell me what you want right now. Tell me explicitly. And look into my eyes when you tell me." She gasped so softly at his order, surprised, thrilled, and aroused, and he grinned down at her, knowing the effect he had on her. She squirmed.

"I want...." she trailed off for a moment. What do I want anyway? she thought. No one really ever cared to find that out, and honestly, I'm not really sure myself. Her eyes traveled the length of him, taking in the sight of him as if he was a work of art, and came to rest on his bulging crotch. His shaft was painfully aware of its confinement in his pants, and was protesting. God... I really want to know what he tastes like. Her cheeks reddened at the thought, and she lifted her eyes, embarassed. "I want to see your cock, and touch it. I want to taste it, and suck you until you decide you're going to finally fuck me." Her cheeks darkened even further to say it, those naughty words that she thought, but was often far too embarrassed to verbalize.

He nodded, still grinning, his shaft pulsing with excitement as she spoke. "Then take it, and do what you want. Suck me, my pet." 

With a moan, she sat up obediently, and reached out trembling hands to finish unfastening his pants. He pulled off his shirt, dropping it on the floor, and she slid his pants down and rested them around his ankles. Her eyes nearly bulged out of her head as she came face to face with his penis for the first time, fully erect and silently begging to slide into her mouth. She parted her lips slightly after wetting them with her short pink tongue, and rested her hands on his thighs. He shivered lightly, the head of his cock enlarging for a moment, and she met his eyes as she slowly took him into her mouth.

"Mmm," he purred, putting his hands into her hair again, stroking gently. Oh my god, he tastes incredible! Thoughts swam through her head, and her pussy was dripping wet with desire, throbbing, aching, and every bit as attentive to the proceedings as his penis was. Her tongue lightly tickled the underside of his hardness as she steadily bobbed her head, fucking him with her mouth, taking his ampleness as deeply into her mouth as she could. She could feel sticky pre-cum leaking out against the back of her throat, and she was well aware of each little gasp and soft moan that passed his lips. His hands tightened in her hair, and he began rhythmically pulling her head against him, a little more actively thrusting into her mouth, and she moaned, the vibrations of her voice coarsing through him, nudging him toward orgasm.

When she was sure he was about to explode in her mouth, he pulled her away from him by the hair, roughly, causing another hot stab of desire in her. Her nipples were rock hard inside her bra, and he wasted absolutely no time unfastening the garment and forcibly removing it to expose her soft breasts. They were large, with big nipples, and pushing her back onto the bed, he eagerly feasted on one, and then the other. She squirmed, trapped beneath him, moaning and silently grateful that he remembered that she liked rough play with her breasts, a yelped tearing free from her throat as he aggressively sucked and bit. He sat up, grinning at her, and spoke quietly as he roughly pulled off the last of her clothes, and freed himself from the fabric around his feet.

"Get on your knees, now," he ordered. "I want you to keep your ass in the air, and don't move it until I tell you to." He took his shaft in his hand, gently stroking it while she moved, resting on her forearms, lifting her ass for him. He took in the sight of her, his dick aching at the sight of her glistening wet pussy lips. In fact, her juices had spread, dampening her ass, and he curiously eyed it, wondering what it might feel light to be inside her there. He remembered that he'd told her he'd never had anal sex, and he moaned softly remembering that she said she liked it. He reached out at pressed the pad ofhis index finger against the wet pucker there, rubbing it lightly as he languidly stroked his cock. She jumped when he touched her. Oh my gooood! He is going to fuck my ass! She bit her lip to keep in a loud moan. 

Her pussy was so wet that moisture dripped onto the bed, and he moved his finger from her ass down to her slit. He very gently rubbed, exploring, and found her throbbing clit. The sound of her gasps filled the room, and her ass dropped a little bit as she lost concentration.

"No," he said very firmly, and smacked her ass soundly. The contact made a loud noise, and she yelped and moaned all at the same time. "I told you to keep that ass up. That's what happens to bad girls who can't seem to follow instructions and let themselves get carried away. Do you understand?" More wetness leaked from her, a silent answer to his discipline.

This is what I always wanted! Someone who could help me be as bad as I wanted to be. God, fuck me! just fuck every hole!

"You didn't answer me. Do you understand me?" he demanded, resting the head of his dick against her throbbing hole. She edged back, trying to take him inside her, and her efforts were met with a series of hard slaps on both cheeks of her ass. "I told you not to move until I told you to. Now answer me."

"I understand," she said breathlessly.

"Why did you move?"

"Because..." she hesitated. He grinned again.

"Tell me."

"Because I want you to fuck me!" she gasped, finally putting her thoughts into words. "Fuck me everwhere! Please!" There was a desperate tone to her voice, but her ass never moved. He patted one of her reddened cheeks affectionately, pleased with her discipline.

"Very good, my girl. I'm never one to refuse a reasonable request," he said as he gripped her hips, and plunged himself roughly inside her pussy. She let out a long, lusty moan, and he stayed still for a moment, just acclimating to the feeling. It had been a long time since either one of them had had sex, and the feeling of it was nearly overwhelming at first. Then, he begin slow, long strokes, delighting in her noisiness and the way she squirmed.

He paused as he neared climax, pulling out of her, pausing and then he pressed against her ass. He hesitated, pressing in very slowly, making sure he wasn't crossing one of her boundaries. He moaned loudly, mad with passion over the brand-new feeling of being inside a woman like that, pressing the full length of himself inside her. He paused again, gaining careful control, and began to fuck her ass hard as he clutched her stinging cheeks. She bucked back against him, breathing hard, moaning periodically, and he grinned even as he panted. He closed his eyes, making a slapping noise as his pelvis slammed into her ass with every thrust. He felt that tightening in his abdomen that let him know he was so close, and hastily pulled himself out of her ass, a shiver running through him as he saw her hole gape for a moment, reminding him that he'd just been there, inside her.

"Roll over," he barked. She immediately moved, lying down on her back, and she parted her knees. He settled between them, feasting on the sight of her pale form beneath him, trembling with pleasure because of what he alone had done. "You are going to teach me. I want you to orgasm for me, while I watch, so I know how you like to be touched."

Oh my god, I'm so embarrassed to do that! she thought, hesitating. He responded by gripping her hip, rolling her over slightly and slapping her ass a few times. She met his eyes as he settled her back into place, and obediently her hand sought her wetness, and she began to rhythmically stimulate her clit. Her eyes closed as she picked up speed, drawing nearer to orgasm, her legs involuntarily twitching. Just as she neared the end, he thrust himself inside her, viciously, hard, slamming his cock into her as hard as he could. She yowled as her climax grabbed ahold of her body, the walls of her pussy gripping him, her whole body tense. Her cries, and heat, and climax all combined to through him over the edge too, and finally, with a few final frantic pumps, he shot his hot, thick liquid deep inside of her. 

Collapsing on the bed beside her, he held her, looking into her eyes gently, his smile mirroring hers. 

"I'm glad you didn't back out. I know you were afraid to meet me."

Her heart thudded. I can't believe I didn't back out either, but you know, I'm glad. She smiled silently at him, answering with a soft kiss, thoughts turning in her head, and she held him until sleep claimed them.