 Have you ever started to fall for the best friend of your significant other? This is a tale of such happenings.

My girlfriend and I have been on the rocks for several weeks. I found out a few weeks ago that she had been cheating on me with another guy. I immediately broke up with her. She came back two weeks later stating that she had fucked up and made a bad choice. I was so heart broken and took her back. She was wild, fun, beautiful and often horny. All the traits I desired as a person in my young twenties.

We have been back together for the past week, but things are not the same as they used to be. I am not sure they ever will be the same. We have been together for well over a year. During the weekends, we hang out at her sister's house, along with her best friend, Melly Maye. Melly does not date very often. She is fun, cute and athletic. She is the perfect running mate for my girlfriend. 

We spend most Friday and Saturday nights drinking, listening to music, bullshitting and playing pool or card games. Melly will innocently flirt with me from time to time and I will innocently flirt back. For instance, one time, I was sitting on my girlfriends lap in between shots while playing pool. My girlfriend said I had a bony butt. Melly said she didn't think my butt was bony, so I went over and sat on her lap. I moved my butt around trying to prove my butt was bony. She told me I could sit on her lap forever. We all laughed. It was my turn to shoot so I stood up and went to the pool table.

Over the years, I have started to build a fondness for Melly. I have always dismissed the thoughts of her because I have a girlfriend and because she is the best friend of my girlfriend. Also, I don't think she really has any interest in me. I also don't think she would ever pursue the interest, even if she were interested, because she is best friends with my girlfriend.

Today, my girlfriend and I started drinking early in the afternoon. Well, earlier than normal for a Saturday afternoon. My girlfriend said her brother called her a pussy last night and claimed she could not drink 10 beers and still stand. For some reason, she wants to prove him wrong. We are at her parents house for a cookout and she is on a mission to prove her brother wrong. She has already chugged several beers. She has been acting goofy/drunk since four in the afternoon.

By five, the rest of the family went home or to the bar. My girlfriend, her parents and I are the only ones left at her parents. Her parents went inside a little while ago, leaving me and my girlfriend all alone by the fire. 

"I have drank 8 beers and not even feeling it." my girlfriend says.

I am not buying into her lie because she cannot walk straight and is slurring her words. I simply nod and take a sip of my beer. My girlfriend's cellphone starts ringing. She answers it and begins giggling with whomever she is talking to. She hangs up and says, "Melly Maye is on her way to. She is with Karen. I don't know why she is hanging with Karen."

"Who is Karen?" I ask

"A girl from our high school. Her parents have money and she thinks she is better than everyone else. She gets on my nerves."

They pull up and invite us over to Karen's parents house. Apparently, Karen is still living with her parents, who are out of town for the week. We stop at the gas station, pick up another 12 pack of beer and head to Karen's parents house.

We sit by the pool, chatting and drinking beers. It is getting dark and the girls are laughing and giggling often, their words are starting to slur pretty bad. Karen goes inside then returns wearing her swim suit and jumps into the pool. My girlfriend and Melly do not have swimming suits with them, but decide to jump in the pool anyways.

I watch as Melly and Lydia quickly strip naked and jump in. I expected them to leave their under wear on but am happy to see they went further. I sit in the recliner and watch the girls intently, trying to catch a peek of bare breast. The only light is a motion sensor light attached to the house, so it is too dark for me to really see any of their bodies submerged underwater.

The girls are laughing and splashing each other and it is starting to turn me on. In my intoxicated state, decide it will be funny to collect their clothing and run inside. I look at the girls and see they are not paying me any attention so I quickly lean forward and grab their clothes that are sitting in a pile on the deck next to me. Their towels are sitting on the chair next to their clothes. I grab their clothes and towels and dart inside the house. They do not immediately chase after me so they must not have noticed in the midst of their fun in the pool 

A minute or two later, the girls come running inside. My girlfriend and Melly are naked and dripping wet. I know my eyes widened when I look at them while sitting on the sofa. Melly is the first one inside and gives me a clear view of the front of her body. This was my first time seeing Melly naked. I know she does not have very big breasts, but I am mesmerized by her fat pussy lips and her bald mound.

My girlfriend is right behind her, but does not gather my attention because I have seen her naked many times. Karen follows both of the girls inside, wearing her swimming suit and covered with a towel. She was not of much interest because she was wearing a swimming suit.

"Where are our clothes?" Melissa screams, proceeded by laughter.

I am surprised they are giggling and having fun, rather than being pissed at me for stealing their clothes. Melissa covers her crotch with her hand while standing in front of me. I laugh and point to the clothes on the opposite side of the room then take a quick glance at Melly's small breasts before she turns and runs for her clothes. I watch her every movement and catch a glimpse of her pussy lips one more time when she bends over to pick up her clothes. 

Melly and Lydia wrap the towels around them and dry themselves off. My girlfriend starts acting whiny and drunk. I think she is trying to gain my attention, so I walk over and sit next to her on the couch. She says she feels like crap then lays on the floor naked, the towel barely covering her.

I am surprised she doesn't care that she is naked, in plain view of her friends. She wiggles around on the floor until the towel falls to the floor beside her. She curls up in a fetal position so I kneel next to her on the floor and try to comfort and cover her.

"I am hot!" she whines and throws the towel to her side. I can tell she has drank way too much alcohol. I have never seen her act like this before. When I start to softly rub her shoulder she says, "Quit and leave me alone."

Karen tries to talk to her and receives the same treatment. I give up and decide to visit Melly who is in the room just to the left of the living room. It is a small room used as an office with a staircase dividing the two rooms.

I sit on a chair behind Melly as she plays a game on the computer, since my girlfriend is now passed out on the floor. Melly is playing solitaire, her towel draped over her shoulders but leaving the front of her body exposed. My focus is drawn to her bare legs hanging out from underneath the towel. 

Karen is in the other room trying to move Lydia onto the couch, but my girlfriend is not responding. I decide to let my girlfriend sleep and focus my impaired attention on the virtually naked girl in front of me, on the computer.

My hormones take over my judgment and I reach around the leather chair and grab Melly's breasts with both of my hands for just a moment before removing them. I expect Melly to turn around with a shocked look on her face and kick my ass. I can't believe what I have just done. I quickly glance over at Lydia and Karen to see if they had just witnessed what I have done but neither of them are paying attention.

It takes me by surprise when Melly swings the chair around 180 degrees, looks over at her two friends, then reaches forward and cups my penis and testicles with her hand. She squeezes them for a second, smiling at me, and then quickly withdraws her hand. 

The next thing I know she is standing on her own to feet. She grabs me by the hand and says loudly, "I need help getting up stairs to go to the bathroom. Help me up the stairs."

She grabs her clothes, covers her body with her towel, then drags me to the stairway. I help drag Melly, who appears to be pretty drunk, up the stairs. She is swaying back and forth and holding onto the railing. We reach the top of the stairs and round the corner. When we reach the bathroom entrance, Melly grabs me and pulls me inside, shutting the bathroom door behind us. She pushes me against the wall forcefully and starts kissing me with feverish passion. Her kisses are wet and sloppy.

I am momentarily paralyzed, taken back by her movements. To say I am shocked is an understatement. Pinned against the wall, I feel her lips all over the front of my lower face. I put my hand on her shoulders and push her away from me for a moment.

She says, "I don't have to pee at all and I am not drunk. I had you bring me up here because I have wanted to do this for a long time."

I say in a soft voice, "Lydia and Karen are downstairs."

To which she replies, "I don't care. Kiss me."

Melly pushes my back against the wall again then reaches down, starts stroking me through my jeans and pushes her lips against mine one more time. I give in and start kissing her back. Her kisses are still strong and sloppy in an amateur manner. I can tell she is not very experienced at kissing. None the less, I hold her head and kiss her for a few seconds before realizing it was wrong. I pull away and say, "I need to get back downstairs."

I rush out of the bathroom hoping the women downstairs did not notice what happened upstairs. I hurry down the stairs to see girlfriend is now resting on the couch, covered by a blanket. Karen is watching a late night movie and eating popcorn. 

"Wow, she is drunk!" I comment to Karen, who gives me no real response.

A minute later, Melly starts stumbling down the stairs, playing the part of a drunk. I immediately notice that she has put her clothes back on. I meet her halfway down the stairs and help her down the rest of the steps while Karen watches us.

"I am tired. Help me downstairs so I can go to sleep." Melly says in a loud voice.

I have never been downstairs and do not know where we were going. There is a large open room at the bottom of the stairs with a pool table set up in the middle of the large room. Melly takes me by the hand and was practically drags me down into a bedroom in the far corner of basement. 

Melly pulls me onto the bed and starts kissing me again. "I want you right now!" she whispers.

I decide not to fight her this time, I wanted her just as much as she wants to have sex with me. She grabs me by the hand pushes it under her underwear. She fumbles with my pants, unzipping them and grabs hold of my semi-hard penis. She starts stroking hard and fast. It is obvious to me that she is not very experienced at giving hand jobs either. To be honest, she is squeezing too hard and going so fast, it is not very pleasurable.

"Go faster." she says to me, "Hurry."

I slide my fingers in between her fat pussy lips and started burying a finger inside her vagina. She is very wet already. I slide my finger in and out of her, trying to match the speed she is stroking me. Our lips locked, but his time, I controlled the kissing. I kiss her bottom lip with passion before our tongues start dancing clumsily. 

"Slow down and don't squeeze so hard." I command quietly.

To my desire, she loosens her death lock on my penis and slows down minimally. I search blindly for her clitoris with my thumb, navigating through her folds, as I continued to finger her tight hole. She starts to moan quietly and breathe heavy.

We heard a voice from the top of the stairs. "What are you guys doing?"

It is Karen's voice. Our bodies freeze. "We are talking." Melly shouts up the stairs.

"Please come up here. Lydia is crying and I can't handle her drunk ass." Karen says with disdain.

"Keep going." Melly says in an urgent tone.

"I have to go see what is going on with Lydia." I say in an apologetic voice.

"No, please don't go." she begs.

"Let me get Lydia to stop crying first. Then we can take her home and finish afterwards. I will tell her that I am taking you home as well." I said.

"Fine!" Melly says with a disgusted voice.

I know she doesn't want me to stop, but I have to. My conscience is bothering me and I will not be able to live with myself if I do not take care of the situation upstairs. After all, my girlfriend is up there. To be honest, I have wanted to get back at Lydia for cheating on me, but did not know how until tonight. This would be the perfect way to pay her back for breaking my heart and let her feel the pain of being betrayed. After all, Melly couldn't be that great of a friend if she was asking her best friend's boyfriend to do sexual acts to her.

We go upstairs. I rub her shoulders, cuddle with her and her to stop crying. Melly and Karen are watching from the corner of the room with disgust painted on their faces. I help Lydia dress and say, "Let's go home."

At this point, I am so over Lydia. I told her not to drink so much, but she was determined to prove her brother wrong. Now, she is acting annoying and whining like a little kid. I don't know if she is truly drunk or just acting this way for my attention. I am fed up with her and no longer care if she goes back to the other man.

"Will you take me home too?" Melly asked.

I say, "Sure."

Melly climbed in the back seat of the car and I drive to Lydia's house, I help her inside while Melly waits in the back seat. Lydia's almost dead weight is heavier than I have ever imagined. I help her onto her bed and start walking out the door.

"Stay with me please." she whines.

"I have to take Melly home." I answer.

"So, she can sleep in the car." she replies. "I want to have sex with you." she says,slurring her words.

At this point, I have no interest in having sex with her. She has hit my last nerve, so to speak. "I am done. I don't want to be with you anymore. It is not working. Go back to your other man." I say.

Lydia started balling her eyes out and calls me all sorts of names. I close her bedroom door and leave the house. I open the driver's side door and sit in my seat. Melly climb from the back seat to the passenger seat and asks me how it went.

"She begged me to stay, have sex with her and told me to let you sleep in the back seat. I broke up with her and then she started balling her eyes out, so I left." I say while driving out of the driveway and heading to my place.

As soon as we enter my house, Melly attacks me and starts humping my leg. I can barely close the door behind me. She is pulling at my clothes, trying to yank my shirt over my head and pull my pants down at the same time. 

"Let's go to the bedroom." I say.

I guide her toward my bedroom door; we both fall down on my bed. I cannot not believe this is really taking place. This event is a long time in the making and though I never thought it would happen, it has always been a thought in the back of my mind.

"I have wanted you for so long. I can treat you so much better than Lydia. Do you know she has talked so much shit about you and cheated on you with two different guys? She doesn't appreciate how well you treat her." Melly says as I pulled her shirt over her head and start pulling her jeans off her legs.

I stop and look down at Melly, who is lying a few inches from me in her underwear. She looks so beautiful. The vibrant smile on her face makes me happy. "Shh" is all I can say, putting a finger up to my mouth.

"I have been attracted to you for a long time too, but I didn't think you wanted me." I tell her. "I thought that even if you DID want me, you wouldn't act on it because Lydia is your best friend." I explain, looking deep into her eyes.

"I have always felt you should have chosen me before her... even when you started dating her. You aren't the first guy she cheated on. I wanted you very much, but I honored her friendship, that was until she started cheating on you. At that point, I told her she was stupid because you treated her so well."

I start to kiss Melly's neck and caress her legs as she continues to talk. "She said she could have you even if you found out because she had you wrapped around her finger. At that point, I lost all respect for her, but I didn't know that you were interested in me. To be honest, I really stopped hanging around Lydia, for the most part, the last few weeks. I have had enough of her shit. That is why I have been hanging out with Karen."

Melly finished speaking and immediately pounces on me like a lion in attack mode. Her hand beelines straight for my crotch. I put my hand on her forearm and hold her hand still.

"Let's go slow. We have all night." I tell her. 

I lean down and softly make contact with her lips. "Let me lead the way.".

I kiss her bottom lip, then her top lip. We slowly, passionately make out for several seconds. Melly begins pulling on my clothes once again. Breaking the kiss, I help her undress me until I am down to my boxers. I cuddle up close to her and let my hands navigate her body. The feeling of her warm, soft skin against me is pleasing to both of us. Melly moans softly when our bodies touch. I feel her press her body hard against me with sexual aggression.

I can see the passion in her face as I touch her body. Her hand wraps around my waist, moving over my back, then slides down to my butt cheeks. I wonder if she was feeling and touching a male body for the first time in an intimate manner.

My lips fall upon her neck and start to passionately kiss and suck on her neck. She makes cooing sounds that entice me to continue. It has been months since there has been passion in the bedroom for me, this is a refreshing change. My hard penis presses against her right hip. I wonder if she can feel my penis pressed against her. 

Soon, my hands are on her bare breasts, massaging and cuddling them. She does not have much to work with, but there was plenty enough for me. I slide down the bed a little and put my tongue on her near nipple. I twirl my tongue around the hard, pointy nipple a few times before engulfing the nipple with my lips. She lets out several moans when I softly nibble on her nipples. Her moans are angelic to my ears. It is my honor to please her as if it is the first time she is being touched by a man.

My left hand slides down her flat, toned stomach and slides under her panties. She turns toward me and lifts her right leg, giving me access to her begging vagina. I dip a finger inside her. It is amazing to me how wet she is. Her juices are already flowing down her pussy. I slide my slick finger up her inner folds and circle her clitoral hood. Her body jerks in response to my touch as her hips raise in joy. She presses her hips against my hand and grunts joyously. There is no doubt she is very aroused.

Her hands begin mussing through my hair as my mouth moves to her other nipple. I alternate between sucking and licking the hard nipple. Melly cannot take it anymore and blurts out, "I want you inside me, please."

I wonder to myself if she is truly ready or is simply caught up in the passion of the moment. There is one more thing I want her to experience before giving her all of me. I slide further down the bed until my head is between her legs. I spread her legs wide open and bury my face between them. The smell of her female juices intoxicate my nose. My tongue laps at her delicious tasting juices and moves it's way inside her pussy. I suck on her fat outer pussy lips. Never have I seen outer labia as full, thick and juicy as her engorged outer labia. They remind me of ripe tomatoes.
