 It's just dusk outside, leaving the kitchen in twilight except for the one light under the cabinet. I'm standing at the counter sorting through the mail when I hear the front door open. You're home.

I can hear you drop your stuff and move through the house, stopping in the doorway to the kitchen. I know you're watching me, apparently unaware of you, standing in my jeans and t-shirt. I lift a bare foot to scratch the back of my leg, throwing my body into slight silhouette.

I hear a quick indrawn breath as you realize I'm not wearing a bra. I keep my face turned away so as not to show the smirk on my face. I know what's coming next...

There is a quiet sound of movement as you cross the kitchen. I feel a hand slipping around my hip and across my stomach. The other arm goes around my chest to hold onto my shoulder.

You nuzzle my hair out of the way and start kissing my neck. I give a little sigh and tilt my head to give you better access. Your grip around me tightens a little, and you pull me back against you.

I can feel you, so hard, against my lower back and ass. You use the hand on my stomach to press me into you, grinding against me a little, while continuing to kiss my neck.

You know how I always love the feel of this, how it gets me going. You keep grinding against me, your other hand now squeezing a breast. My breath escapes in gasps.

You move forward a little so I'm trapped between you and the counter. Pressing into me so hard now, your fingers plucking at my nipple through the t-shirt.

Suddenly, I push back against you, causing you to lose your grip...I turn around and put my hands on your chest. I shove you over to the table, your ass bumping into it. I grab your head and bring your mouth down to mine and kiss you hard.

My hands grab your shirt and pull it over your head. They then reach for your jeans and undo the buttons. I shove them down your legs so you can step out of them.

I reach out to stroke you, then move back a little. As you stand there naked, I pull the t-shirt over my head. You reach up to touch my breasts, but I smack your hand.

"No. Not until I tell you."

You grin as you lean back against the table, watching as I undo my jeans and push them down my legs. My breasts swaying as I do this. You let out a little groan when you see I had no panties on.

I gather our clothes into a little pile in front of you and kneel down. I run my hands up your legs, across your hips, onto your stomach. My nails scrape lightly against your skin. I watch your face all the while. My hands go around your hips and squeeze your ass, nails digging in this time, and thrust you into my mouth.

"Mmmm...oh god, babes, that's good."

I hum in agreement around your cock. As my mouth gets to the head each time, I give a hard suck, tongue pressing against the tip. One of my hands moves between your ass cheeks to rub that area behind your balls.

I keep moving you in and out of my mouth, until I feel you're getting close. Then I pop you out of my mouth and say, "That's enough for now."

I stand up and push you back onto the huge table, making sure you're fully on it.

"I've told you before...you tease me, do something that gets me totally hot and you have to pay the price."

You smirk, "Go on, then. Make me pay."

As soon as you say it, the look in my eyes says that you might regret being so brash.

"Oh hon, you know better than to do that. I'm going to make you pay, you can believe that."

"Go for it, sexy."

"You know the best way to make you pay...would be for me to stop. Stop touching you, stop tasting you, and get a toy, and make you watch. Not let you touch yourself at all. Just watch as I cum, and leave you to suffer without relief. Now, we don't want that, do we?

"No."

"Then I suggest you be a good boy."

You nod your head in agreement. I look at you on the table for a few minutes. Then, I lean over, putting my mouth near your cock and blow air across it. Watching it twitch as the cool air hits the heated skin.

I climb up on the table and straddle your hips. I bring my pussy down along your shaft, letting the wetness drench you. Once you're all wet, I move further down and lean over you. I flick my tongue across the tip, then nestle your cock between my breasts using them to stroke you. It's so slick. The softness surrounds you, the purple head peeking up between them.

After some time, I move away again. "Need to cool you off a bit," I say, as I move off the table. "Don't move."

You see me go to the cabinet and take down a bowl. Moving to the fridge, I get some ice cubes and come back to the table. I set the bowl down next to you and climb back up, but near your head this time.

I straddle your face and say, "Eat me out and make it good. Oh, and you can use your hands, too."

You slide you tongue into me, using your hands to open me wide. You push your tongue as far up as it can go as your thumbs to rub my clit. You suck my lips into your mouth, in and out again and again.

I grind against your face for several minutes, then bend over and move the bowl closer. I take one of the ice cubes and lightly press it against the head of your cock. You jump a bit and let out a groan as you feel the ice. I run the cube all over your cock, getting it all wet. Then I put your cock into my mouth to warm it back up.

You moan and say, "Oh, that's nice. Can I have an ice cube?"

"No, not now."

"What shall I do, then?

"Keep going. I never told you to stop."

You take my clit in your mouth as you slide two fingers inside while using your other hand to squeeze my ass.

I keep alternating between the ice and my mouth for a while. I get your cock very wet and cold this time. However, instead of my mouth, you feel my warm hand stroking you fast, getting you hot.

You move your hand from my ass to the bit of skin between ass and pussy, and flicking your finger over my hole. 

You feel my mouth coming over you, so cold, the ice cube still in my mouth. You give a little jump, and your finger slides into my ass as you bite down on my clit. Feeling this, my throat closes down on your cock as I begin convulsing.

I don't want you to cum yet, so I move my mouth off and put another cube against you. You rotate your fingers, two in my pussy and two up my ass. You alternate thrusting them inside while continuing to nibble on my clit.

As my orgasm dies down, I move away so your fingers come out of me. I turn around and kiss you.

"Such a good boy. Want that ice cube now?"

"Yes, I do."

"Here you go," I say as I move the bowl towards you. I then sit back on the table, my hands behind me and my legs spread wide open.

You get down from the table, and reach into the bowl. You take an ice cube, pop into your mouth and kiss me. You move your mouth away, take the ice cube out and start kissing me again. You then rub the ice cube against a nipple. Next moving it in between my breasts and over to the other nipple. Cold water runs down my body.

You run the ice cube over my stomach, and press it to my throbbing clit. My hips buck against the ice as a gasp flies out of my throat. You slip the ice cube up into me and say, "Can I have another as that one's gone?"

"Yes."

You take another ice cube, again sliding it between my lips and up into my pussy. "I'm sorry, that's gone, too. Can I get another?"

I gasp again and say, "Just one more."

You smile and take another ice cube from the bowl. You move it down to my pussy lips again and rub it against my clit. You slide it to my ass and rub it against my hole. The ice melts quickly and as soon as it gets small enough, you push it into my ass.

You grab my thighs and pull me to the edge of the table. You lean down and place your warm tongue against me, kissing my cold lips and clit. Your tongue flicks between my clit and ass, while you kiss and bite and nibble me. My hands are holding your head and pressing it into me.

You stand up and put your warm cock against my pussy lips.

"Wait. Get more ice, put some inside and fuck me."

You take another ice cube, trace it down my body and push it inside my pussy. You do that again and again. I groan at the feeling of the ice inside of me. You take another couple of ice cubes and squeeze them in your hands over my mouth. As you let the cold water drop onto my lips, you slide your hot cock into me. You take the partially melted ice cubes and then push them into my ass as you thrust your cock in and out. 

You remove your cock from me, and put two more ice cubes inside. You slide into me slowly, pushing the ice cubes deep. Once again you move out, take another ice cube and slip it inside. This time, you take that piece out and put it into your mouth. You thrust back in as you lean over and kiss me, passing the ice cube from your mouth to mine.

You start fucking me hard, your cock hitting the melting ice and pushing it deeper. Your balls are slapping against my ass and the table is rocking.

I cry out as I begin to cum, spasming all around you. As my pussy squeezes, your cock explodes. I can feel the heat combining with the coldness of the ice. I spasm even harder, milking your cock.

You lift my ass up, pressing my cheeks together, so you can push deeper into me. You lean down and kiss my nipples. You then take them one at a time in your mouth and give them a good hard suck, causing me to gasp as my pussy clenches again. The clench makes your cock twitch, pushing the last of your hot cum out.

As we begin to calm down, you place your hands on my face and tilt my head up. Your lips come down and you kiss me gently.