 It was a quiet afternoon. I had spent the day reading and relaxing out by the pool. Summer freedom is my favorite perk of being a teacher. I gazed out over the pool and deck as I stood by the kitchen sink preparing fresh salad greens for dinner. There were still several hours to pass before you were due to come home, but I wanted time to shower and freshen up, to get ready for our evening together after the children had gone to bed.

I rinsed the mixed greens and grabbed a cucumber and some tomatoes. As I washed the cucumber, my hands stroked the firm vegetable, my memory comparing its length and girth to yours. It felt downright criminal when I removed the knife from the block and began peeling and then slicing. Relieved to be done with the cucumber, I chopped the tomato next. I was just putting all the vegetables in the large wooden salad bowl when I heard the garage door downstairs. I was not expecting you home so early. I set aside the bowl of salad and walked to get a set of placements from the drawer.

As I pushed the drawer in, I felt your presence behind me, your hands roaming over my ass. I hadn't even heard you come upstairs. I sighed and leaned back against you as your hands traveled over my hips then slid around me and inside my shirt. I moaned quietly when your hands slid over my bra, then pushed inside to pinch my nipples gently. I melted against you, my butt cheeks feeling your hard-on swelling in your slacks. 

You pulled my shirt off over my head and unhooked my bra, freeing my breasts for your hands to caress. You set the garments on the counter and rubbed your palms in small circles over my nipples and kissed my neck, sending fiery tingles through my body. I could feel them all the way to my core. My breathing became more labored as you continued. Finally, you grabbed my hips and swiveled me around to face you. By now I was hot and wet, ready for you to take me. I began to reach for your pants, grabbing at the belt buckle. You, however, had different ideas and pushed my hands away.

Slowly, deliberately, you unsnapped my shorts, unzipped them, and slid them down my long legs, pulling my cotton bikini with them. You pushed the clothes aside with your foot and stood admiring my slender body for a moment. Then you picked me up and put me on the counter, sliding my ass to the edge. Holding my head in your hands, you kissed me deeply before continuing down my neck, my chest. You moved from side to side, kissing and sucking one tit and then the other. I resisted grabbing your head and pressing you to me, knowing that I could be patient and enjoy it even more.

By now, I was leaning back, my hands on the counter, propping me up. I tilted my head back and moaned as you gave each nipple a firm nip and then traced your way down my flat stomach. Again, you moved side to side, planting open mouthed kisses on each hip bone, sliding slowly down to my inner thighs. Your hands curved around and held my ass, the fingers touching right at the top of my crack.

When your tongue finally flicked out and touched my clit, I gasped out loud, my hips involuntarily curling forward. Your tongue worked my clit, circling and teasing, and then moved down to my slit. When you sank your tongue deep inside me, I thought I was going to die of pleasure.

But then two fingers, curved sweetly in a come-hither position, snaked their way deep inside me and you began stroking my core, beckoning me to cum. As your fingers worked inside me and your mouth suckled my clit, I could feel the orgasm building. It was one of those quick, intense ones, centered on my clitoris, but with a deeper rolling g-spot orgasm rumbling behind it as well. I could barely keep myself seated upright on the counter as I shuddered violently, the climax making me weak all over.

You stood, smiling, and leaned in to kiss me. I eagerly kissed you back, tasting my juices on your lips, in your mouth. I pulled your hand up to my mouth and sucked your fingers clean, relishing my tangy, fresh taste on them. You smiled again and pulled me closer to the edge of the counter while you fumbled one-handed with your belt buckle.

Sensing your struggle, I slid off the counter and quickly released your belt and your pants. I pushed them down to the floor and kneeled in front of you. You stepped out of them, and I quickly shoved them aside. I ran my hands up your legs, resting them on your hips. I kissed your hips, your stomach, your thighs. I licked the crease all the way down the left side until my nose rested against your balls. I breathed in your scent and ran my tongue flatly across your boys, eventually taking them gently in my mouth. 

As my warm mouth enveloped your jewels, you moaned slightly and leaned back a bit, giving me better access. I put my left hand on your hip and pushed you back so I could drag my tongue from behind your boys all the way up your shaft, right to the head. My tongue played around the head, licking and swirling, tracing the ridge, making you begin to squirm with ecstasy. Then I took your cock fully in my mouth, sucking you in until the head touched the back of my throat. I used my hand on your hip to push you back, and I continued sucking as my mouth returned to your tip. I ran a pointed tongue gently over your slit and juggled your balls gently back and forth. Using my hand to direct you, I began to pump you in and out, letting you fuck my mouth.

I felt you tense up, to begin to work the rhythm with me, and I picked up the pace. With continued strokes, I began to sense your whole body tightening. I felt your balls tighten, ready to explode. Knowing you were tired from a long day at work, I froze, holding you immobile with my hand on your hip, your cock deep in my mouth. I pulled your balls down from your body, forcing them to relax and loosen up a bit. You teetered on the brink of cumming, and then your breathing slowed, steadied. I tasted salty pre-cum in my mouth as I began to lick you gently all over, from head to base.

You pulled me up from my knees and kissed me deeply, your tongue swirling with mine. Then you picked me up and set me on the counter. Pulling up close to me, you positioned yourself in front, the tip of your cock touching my engorged pussy lips. You held it there, and then slipped me off the counter, right onto your shaft. I gasped as you went in completely. I wrapped my legs around your waist, still catching my breath, amazed at how deep you were inside me. Wrapping your arms around me and grabbing my ass cheeks, you carried me toward the kitchen table.

Halfway there, you stopped and just stood there a moment. You kissed me, your tongue tangling with mine. As we kissed, I flexed my vagina, gently massaging your cock with my inner muscles. You carried me over to the table and set me down. The wooden table felt cool and smooth under my ass. You began to slowly pump your cock in and out of my wet pussy. We both leaned in to watch your beautiful penis, slick with my juices, slowly slide in and out of me. Our breathing became heavier as we became more and more turned on by the view. I looked up at you and we both knew it was time to change things up. We just couldn't take this slow torture any longer.

You pulled out and stepped back, helping me down from the table. Without a word, I turned around and bent over the table. I lifted my left leg, placing my knee on the tabletop. I felt your hands on my hips as I turned to look back at you. Your concentration was focused on my sweetly curved ass and dripping cunt as you guided your cock to my smooth pussy lips.

Teasing me, you pushed just the head inside and moved your hips in a small circle. I whimpered, trying desperately to push back onto you, but you pulled back each time I pushed. Still, just the head remained inside me, so deliciously sweet and torturous. I began to undulate my hips to match your circles, and the feelings were incredible. I heard you moan, too, and I knew my strategy was working. With a few more circles, you groaned and rammed your cock all the way inside me.

The depth of that first stroke caught me by surprise. I grasped the edges of the table and held on as you began to drill me from behind, each time stroking me so deeply I could feel it throughout my entire body. My knee began to tremble and my leg slipped down from the table.

In one swift motion, you raised your foot and put it on the chair. I began to meet your strokes, moaning, "Oh god, oh god, oh god" as a long rolling orgasm rippled through my body. You must have felt my contractions because I felt you push even deeper for one final stroke and hold it, your cock throbbing as you came inside me.

You moved slowly in and out a few more times, enjoying the sensation of my pulsing walls on your sensitive head. Leaning forward, you rested your chest on my back. Your hands stroked lightly up my sides, grazed my flattened breasts, my armpits, my arms. You laid your hands on top of mine where they curved at the table's edge, your fingers grasped my wrists. We relaxed there moment, synchronizing our breathing. Then you stood up and slowly pulled away. Grasping my hand, you led me upstairs to the shower.

Later as we were seated at the table, I found it difficult to make small talk as we ate our salads. And when I cleared the table, I couldn't help but pause and caress the smooth wood table top and edge.