 Another quick piece of smut for your enjoyment.

I wish to thank EmeraldKitten for her inspiration and support.

Please remember to vote and comment. They're a tremendous ego boost and keep me writing.

* * * * *

My lady and I have had a little soirée. OK, we had a barbecue. Friends over. Hot dogs, hamburgers, bratwursts and ribs cooked. Beer and wine coolers drunk. A lot of talk, a little volleyball and a good time had by all.

But it's a lot of work cleaning up after. So here we are, late at night finishing up the dishes. I'm washing and she's drying. I'm not paying much attention to my work. As is so often the case my gaze is fixed on her, with her dark red hair, sparkling brown eyes and sweet smile. And let's not forget the rest of her, full figured and gorgeous.

I pull a glass form the sudsy water and a sly thought hits me. I don't quite soak up all the water from the glass as I pass it to her, I tilt it and a thin line of water runs across her blouse where the garment covers her lovely breasts.

I struggle to keep neutral expression on my face but I can feel the corners of my mouth tugging into a smile. Reaching to the rack I take up a dry towel and make motions as if I'm attempting to blot up the water. "I'm sorry sweetheart," I say to her.

Her eyes flicker down to my hands and then up to my face. Her eyebrows rise in disbelief. "Uh-huh. I'm sure you are." I continue to stroke the blots of water, and the tender skin underneath.

She puts her towel down and turns to face me, a hand on her right hip. "And just what do you think you're doing, sir?" she asks. Her own mouth twitches at the corners. Like me, she's trying to hide a smile.

"I'm merely trying to rectify a grievous error that I have made," I reply. I continue my light strokes. "This doesn't seem to be working though. I guess we'll just have to get you out of this wet shirt. I wouldn't want you to catch cold or anything like that."

"Oh, how kind," she responds with a little smirk. Her hands undo the top button of her blouse. "And you're absolutely right, that towel is doing nothing." Two more buttons come free, her full cleavage coming into view. "I wouldn't want to turn into a germ..." More buttons come undone revealing the soft skin of her tummy.

She stops suddenly and I raise my face to hers. She has a poor approximation of a suspicious look on it, the grin trying to poke through ruining her acting. "This wasn't just a ploy to get me out of my shirt, was it?"

"I'll never tell," I respond with a grin.

Her smile breaks out into the open. "I knew it, you cheater!" Her eyes dance at me.

"It seems a little unfair though that you have to undress." I tell her. Reaching into the sink I splash a little water on myself. A few drops land on my T-shirt. "I guess I'll have to remove mine now." And I do, pulling it up over my head.

She laughs out loud as I spatter myself. "Yes, yes, get that mean old wet shirt off of ya. We can't have you catching a chill either."

She unfastens the last button on her blouse, rolls her shoulders making the fabric fall free. I can feel my face and chest grow warm at the sight of her. It seems I can already taste her sweet skin.

I put a surprised expression on my face. "Oh look," I say. "Your skin's wet. We can't have that." I reach over to the tops of her breasts and run my fingers lightly over them, sweeping away tiny drops of water.

She freezes as I touch her. A light shiver passes though her body and she pulls in a quiet hiss of air. She straightens her arms, letting the sleeves of her blouse slide down them and her garment hits the floor.

"Oh dear," she exclaims, "You've got some water on you too." Her fingers dip into the sink and she flicks a few drops on me. "That simply won't do." She steps in close, head tipping slightly and her tongue traces the tiny paths of liquid on my neck and collarbone.

My body quivers as she plays with me. I start to harden and my prick strains against my underwear. Taking her waist in my hands, I run my palms up her flanks. As they reach the fabric of her bra I run my hands to the underside of her breasts, teasing the sensitive skin. My fingers take her nipples through the nylon and roll them gently.

She steps a little closer, her chest almost touching me. Her back arches and presses her tits into my hands. She sighs, gasps, trails kisses and nibbles across my neck and shoulder.

My hand returns to the sink. Pulling it out I track dribbles of water across her breasts, some soaking into her undergarment. They shine points of light, quivering with her breath.

My lady smiles, her arms go to the hooks of her bra, then pauses. "Would you like to do the honours?" she asks, her breath fanning across my damp skin.

"Allow me, please," I reply and I reach for the clasp. She wraps her arms around my shoulders and leans back to look at me.

My hands are shaking slightly with excitement so my first attempt to unhook her is unsuccessful. So is the second. A grin grows on her face. "Damn," I mutter, "sometimes I think Houdini would have problems with these things."

"God, you're adorable," she remarks. Her eyes twinkle at me in amusement.

My third attempt succeeds and the back of her bra falls free.

"Hooray!" she cheers, giving me a wink. Moving the straps down her arms she tosses her apparel to one side. "So? Where were we?"

"I can't quite recall," I tell her. I dip my hand in the sink and move it so it drips liquid across her. "I think one of us had gotten water on the other. Like this."

She shudders as the coolness hits her. Goose bumps rise on her skin. "Th, that sound's about right."

"And the other was licking it off, like this." I place my lips on her shoulder and run them over her soft skin. Sweeping back and forth I move down, over the sensitive surface of her breast. When I reach the nipple I move my head away. A single drop of water glistens on the rosy peak. Puckering my mouth, I inhale and the liquid is sucked into it. I place my mouth over her nipple and roll it softly with the tips of my teeth. The texture of it changes as her body responds to me.

Her head tilts back and a hissing moan of pleasure oozes from her. "I, I do believe you have it right," she stammers. One hand grips the countertop to steady herself. The fingers of the other take a loop of my shorts and try to pull me towards her.  

Knowing what she wants I stand, take her ass in my hands and pull her close. I feel her stiff nipples dig into me and the warm flesh of her tits spread on my chest. The sensation of her goose bumps causes my skin to raise its own in response. Moving my head in close I kiss her hard. I adore the taste and feel of her mouth.

Her tongue plays with mine, demanding my attention. She rises on her toes, running her breasts across me and we shudder.

Letting go of her lovely buttocks for a second I dip both hands in the sink, then cup them once more. I feel her smile against my mouth. Pulling my head back, I smirk and say, "Oh darn. I guess those will have to come off now as well."

She grins back. "You're so predictable, Mr. H2O. You're not sneaky. I'm on to you." Arching an eyebrow she steps back, her fingers going to the snap of her jeans.

"Once again, please, allow me." Gently I direct her fingers away from the button and undo it myself. I grasp the tab of the zipper and draw it down. Kneeling, I undo her shoes. "Lift your feet please." She does and I pull her shoes and socks free. Taking the waist of both jeans and panties in my hands I tug them down the shapely columns of her legs. My mouth lays little kisses at random intervals as her pale, tasty skin is revealed.

I look up and she winks at me. We smile as one, letting each other know what joy we feel at that moment.

With a sudden movement I stand, take her under her thighs and lift her to the counter. My lady let loose a surprised yelp, "Oh!" Her hands run up my chest, sending sweet passion through me, and she takes my shoulders in her fingers.

I push up between her legs, spreading them. Reaching into my pants, I adjust myself. I move my hips forward. She scoots hers to meet me and my hardness fits against her soaking slit. A gasp emerges and she wriggles. I watch her eyelids flutter as the feel of me washes over her mind.

Wrapping my fingers in her rich red hair, I kiss her. Our tongues play, running over each other, in and out, tracing lips, looking everywhere for the taste of our mouths. My hips rock, running my erection over the length of her slit and teasing her clit.

At each stroke, she moans and her hips jerk. She hooks a foot behind my thigh, holding me close. Her arms go around my neck and tighten. One hand runs circles over my scalp, tracing her fingernails through my hair.

I tense and groan at the feel of her. The fingers in my hair stroke nerves rarely called on. The strangeness of it soaks through me and my hips pump more quickly. My lady's chest heaves against me as I do.

Breaking that hot, erotic kiss, I move my tongue downwards. I progress over her chin and down her neck, past her shoulders and on to her breasts. I take a nipple in my mouth, tease it, suck at it. My left hand plays with the other. I feel them pucker, grow rubber stiff.

She moans in response, a wavering groan that says how much she enjoys me and cares for me. Her hand is still in my hair and she scratches a little harder.

I buzz a happy noise, vibrating the nerves in the sweet piece of flesh I'm laving. A gurgle comes from her followed by pants. A shudder passes through her body.

I move onward, playing over her stomach, flirting with the scar that shows how strong she is. Past her hips and down her left thigh. Her moans continue, grow in volume and frequency. My mouth crosses over to her right leg and I play upwards, drawing closer to her hot, wet center. As I draw near my nose is filled with the sweet scent of arousal.

When I reach her pussy, I look up at her and she lowers her head to meet my gaze. The usual twinkle in her eye is buried under a thick glaze of lust. Her mouth is open and I see her chest quickly rise and fall with her quick breaths. Her full breasts bob and quiver with each motion.

"Let me know when you're about to let go," I tell her. "Sometimes I miss the signs."

"O, OK," she stutters in reply. "I, I can do that." She leans her torso away, places her hands behind her, bracing herself for the pleasant onslaught about to come. She lifts one leg and sets it on the counter perpendicular to the one she's sitting on, displaying herself for me. I can see her wet lips quiver in anticipation.

I move my head forward and lick up the little ridge of skin between asshole and pussy. At the taste of the fluids that coat her there, a snippet of song runs through my head. "I know a girl who's soft but sweet." My woman squeaks a little sound of bliss.

Raising my head slightly, I start to work on her labia. I wash back and forth, up and down. Every so often I run inside her, reaching as far as I can, tasting the sweet heat flowing there. I continue this until I reach her stiff clit. Rolling my tongue I wrap it around that sensitive little nub of flesh. Extending and withdrawing I sluice over it. I hear her choke back a scream. A massive shudder runs through her body and she whimpers.

While I was playing, I have undone my pants. The whimper lets me know she is ready so I stand and my shorts fall to the floor. She reaches forward and places her hands on the waist of my jockeys. She tries to pull them down but her hands are shaking too much. I move my underwear down and they join my shorts.

With a half step forward I place my crown at her entrance. An almost scream comes from her. Her body tenses and her tummy shimmies.

Gently, insistently, I push into her waiting, warm depths. She squeezes at me, then her muscles pulse. One of her arms wraps around my shoulders, her lips fall to my jaw and she pants heavily. "Oh God. You have no idea. You feel so good."

"And you," I gasp back, "feel like heaven." I press up against her, lowering my mouth to take hers in mine once again. My right hand slides over her left breast, fondling and teasing. The left rests against the front of her right hip, stroking gently. The thumb of that hand stretches down to tickle her clit. With all my players in place to please my lady properly, I start to piston my hips, filling and emptying her with a steady, firm pace.

Her mouth locks on to mine and her throat vibrates a groan at the urgency she feels. Her hand slides to the back of my neck and hangs on as if her life depended on it. Her sounds and movements become sharper as her peak approaches. She tears her lips from mine, puffing like she's run a hundred miles. A whine echoes from her each time our hips meet.

She forces words between clenched teeth. "We're... almost... there... God... right... now!" She bites into my shoulder, muffling her scream against my skin. Her inner muscles clamp and release, fluttering around me, demanding that I explode in her.

At the 'now' and the feeling of her body thrumming in orgasm, I let go. My hips move at a beat impossible to match in other circumstances. At each thrust I shoot more of my fluids in her. I can feel them and her own washing over me, being forced out of her and running down her ass and onto the counter. I wrap my arms around her back and pant in her ear, "Good, love...it, love...you, good, god, oh!" My last exclamation turns long and guttural. I stand straight up, pulling her from the counter.

She gasps as her ass leaves the surface she sitting on. Her orgasm shakes her one final time, she clings tight to me and keens with ecstasy.

With a final tremor my climax ends. I gently return her to the counter. Placing my arms next to her hips, I lock them to hold myself up. I stand there, panting into her ear.

Her arms unclench from my neck and she drifts her hands down to my back. They stroke up and down, soothing the muscles there. She nuzzles her face into the curve of my neck, laying light pecks here and there. "That was fanfuckingtastic," she tells me as her breathing finally starts to even out.

"I aim to please, beautiful lady. A woman as lovely as you deserves only the best I can do." My legs seem to be working again. I stand and wrap my arms around her, kissing her hair. As always, the cuddling after is a pleasure almost as great as what came before. Smiling into her mane, I soak in the sensation like a hot bath.

Looking at the clock I realise it's late. "I think we should go to bed now. The dishes can wait until morning. Come with me. We'll sleep sweet and wake ready for a new day."

She sighs, perfectly content. "That sounds wonderful." She leans back and stretches. "Let's go cuddle. A bunch." She leans in, smiling and kisses the corner of my mouth.

I pull myself from her and help her to the floor. With arms around each other, we head to the bedroom. We look at each other and note the huge grins on our faces. We're thinking the same thing.

That there is no better way to end and barbecue.

 FIN