 I woke up in the middle of the night with a dry throat. I needed to head downstairs to get a glass of water. I slowly got out of bed so I would not disturb Chelsea. Slowly, I crept out of the bedroom and around the concrete banister to the stairs. The stairs made some noise as I walked over top of them. Hopefully I wouldn't wake anybody in the house. I made it to the bottom of the stairs and turned the corner to head to the kitchen. I opened up the fridge to look for the water and found a jug with enough water for one glass. I grabbed a glass out of the cupboard and poured the entirety of the water into my cup. As I was putting the jug next to the garbage I heard someone walking in the other room. I grabbed my glass off the table and started my way back towards the stairs when Brenda, Chelsea's mom stopped me in the doorway.

"What are you doing down here Justin?" She said.

"I woke up and just needed a drink to clear my throat. I'm gonna head back to bed now. What are you doing up?"

"Same thing, I just needed some water."

"I'm sorry, I just poured the last of it into my glass but you can have some of mine if ya want?"

"Are you sure?"

"Yup, here go ahead."

As she takes a drink of my water I notice she is wearing her purple sweatpants and sweatshirt combo tonight. Something that I have always thought makes her look the most attractive. It's when she looks vulnerable and cute. Her long dirty blonde hair hanging naturally down, with no makeup on is easily my favorite look of hers. 

"Thanks Justin." She says.

"No problem."

We stand there for a second and I think she notices that this whole time I have been staring at her. I've always found her kind of attractive and fantasized about her but have never said anything. Tonight, while we are alone, I decide to throw a compliment out there.

"You look very nice tonight by the way." I said.

"Thank you, Justin but I'm only in my pajamas." She says with a grin. 

"I better be heading up to bed now."

She stops me as I try to walk around her. 

"Are you sure you don't need anything else down here?" She says.

"Not that I can think of, haha." 

I laugh as I don't know what to do with her this close to me. 

"Okay, well then, I'll see you in the morning." She says.

I begin to walk away but stop and turn back around.

"Brenda," I say as I get closer to her again, "I've always thought you were gorgeous, I've thought about you, about us." I whisper and pull in even closer.

"Justin, what do you mean?"

"You are very sexy Brenda, I've always wanted you."

"Justin we can't. It's just not right. You're my daughter's boyfriend."

"I know Brenda, but don't my hands feel nice on you." 

I start to stroke my right hand up and down her side. I cover all the area from her hip to right below her breasts. 

"Yeeeessss... No! We can't. Please stop Justin." As she pushes me away.

"I can't." I whisper as again I move in close. Moving my hand up and down again. This time moving it to her fine ass. I squeeze it and keep putting my hands all over her.

"Ohhh Justin. Your hands feel so good." 

Just as she finishes talking I bring my lips to hers for a kiss. My lips touch hers and we embrace while our lips are locked. Can this really be happening? Yes. Her mouth starts to open as she awaits my tongue. I push my tongue into her mouth smooth and gentle. Our saliva combines while her arms wrap around me and mine around her. My cock starts to harden. This fantasy was actually coming true. As Brenda starts to feel my member she kisses with more passion. Our tongues are going crazy with lust. 

I shift my body so I can get my hand up her shirt. I slowly start moving it past her stomach and up onto her black and leopard printed bra. Her breast was cupped in my hand. She lets out her first moans.

"Uhhh mmmm."

Her moans harden my cock to full length and stiffness. I start to slip my hand underneath her bra and start playing with her nipple. Her muffled moans from our kiss still fill the silent air.

Our lips break and she hops up onto the kitchen table. From here I unzip her sweatshirt, throw it aside and take off the t-shirt underneath. I lean in and kiss her once again. Our tongues wrestling for position. My hand crawls around back to unhook her bra. I get it quickly and it loosens up on her chest. 

"Wow, you've had practice at that, haven't you?"

"Yeah, I'm pretty good at that."

She takes her bra fully off and now her breasts are exposed to me for the first time. I had always hoped to catch her getting out of the shower one day but I haven't had such luck. They were nice breasts. Not large, either a big A or a small B but they were nice. Beautiful.

We embrace and kiss again. Her legs are wrapped around my waist as she starts to take off my shirt. I lift up my arms and it comes off clean. 

Our now naked upper bodies are pressed together. We feel each other's skin as we hold each other tight. I break the seal of our kiss to slowly kiss me way down to her breast. I take her breast in my mouth and she lets out another moan. I start to suck on the nipple and massage the breast at the same time. I move my mouth over to the other one but keep massaging the right one with my hand. 

At this point, Brenda has her arms holding her body up as she leans backwards in enjoyment. 

She brings my head back up for a kiss in order to reach my basketball shorts. She uses her calves that are wrapped around me along with her hands in order to pull both my shorts and boxers down. 

Without looking she starts stroking my cock. It's stiffer than it has ever been. Her right hand goes up and down the length of my shaft. 

We break apart and Brenda gets off the table.

"Wait until you feel this." She says.

Her tongue starts to touch the tip of my cock. Holding it at the base with her right hand, she licks all the way around the tip and all the way down the side. 

"Do you like that? Do you like your cock in my mouth?"

My groans answer her question. She puts my cock into my mouth and starts bobbing back and forth. I hear the noise of her slurping my cock. Her saliva is dripping off the shaft as she keeps going. She can't get enough. 

I pull her up and go right to those purple sweatpants. I pull them down and her leopard matching panties come with. Her pussy is wet. Really, really wet. I guide her back onto the table and she lays her back down with her hips right at the edge. 

I kiss my way down to her sex. I can't believe this is happening. I start to kiss her clit. She lets out a soft moan. I move a finger to her hole and slowly insert it. Her body shakes. My tongue moves rapidly against her clit. Her clit is at my tongues mercy as my finger claims her hole. Her clit moves like than a practice boxing ball hanging from the ceiling. 

"Justin, Justin, Justin, ahhhh, yessss!" She moans. 

She pulls me up with so I am face to face with her. 

"Fuck me Justin."

I lift her up off the table and stand her up. I guide her over to the sink and pull her legs apart. She puts her elbows on the counter and her head is down.

I place my cock right on the outside of her pussy. We are already both breathing heavy. I start to penetrate her wet pussy.

"Ahhhhhh! Yesss!" she screams.

I pump slowly. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. I reach forward and grab her breasts. Starting to pump faster I use my grip on her breast as handles. We hear our skin slapping together. I keep going faster and faster. Her hair is flying all over the place and she is panting heavily. 

"Justin your cock feels so good. Uhhh." She groans.

She stops me and takes my member out of her, turns around and puts my cock in her mouth again. Back and forth her head goes again. She likes her own juices on my cock. Her saliva and her pussy juice is mixed while her mouth covers my cock. I close to finishing so I stop her and put her up on the table.

Her legs are now up on my shoulders as we are ready to go again. 

"Put it in me Justin. Fuck my pussy."

I thrust. Hard. She lets out another moan. Now I start to fuck Brenda hard. Our rough sex is moving the table. I pound her sex and play with her clit while her boobs bounce up and down. What a great view. I can't help but admire how beautiful this MILF is that I'm fucking. I keep going with the rough sex. This lust is making me thrust harder than ever. Brenda's boobs still bounce with the rhythm of my strokes.

"I'm almost there!" She says.

"Okay, Okay." I say as I get in a few more thrusts.

"Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhh! Yessssssssss! Fuck my pussy! I'M GOING TO FINISH!! OHHH YESSSS! FUCK YES! OHHHH OHHH OHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! Ah ah ah ah." She pants as she comes down from her climax. 

"Let me take care of you." She says.

She now goes down to my cock and moves her mouth up and down with her hand going up and down with her mouth.

"Ughh." I moan.

"Let me taste that cum Justin."

I brace against the wall as she works my cock so well. The pressure builds and I grab her shoulder to brace for the explosion of cum. 

"Here it comes! Uhhhh! I groan as my cum starts to fill my girlfriend's mom's mouth. Brenda keeps going as the cum keeps coming. 

"Mmmmm." She groans as she likes the taste. 

She pulls off my cock with cum dripping from her mouth. She catches the drips with her finger and sucks it as she had just done with my cock. I see her mouth still full of my cream. 

She swallows my cum and stands back up.

"Wow, I can't believe we did that." She said. "We can't tell anyone."

"I won't tell a soul." I say. "You were great."

"You weren't bad yourself Justin." She says with that giddy school girl voice.

"Can we do this again?" I say.

"You know I want to but that just isn't a good idea. We need to cool it."

I pull her body close to me again.

"Are you sure?" I say with a grin.

With a smile she says, "We'll see."

THE END