 xMost of the shoppers in the ladies' dress department are women, but there are a few men. They see the beautiful young blonde girl with the big breasts jiggling sexily as she walks, narrow waist, long legs and the striking green eyes, wearing a very short filmy silk dress, seamed stockings and unbelievably high heels, choosing several different items from the racks to try on. They watch her. She knows they are watching. She knows what they are thinking. 

She chooses five dresses. She goes into the changing room to try on the things she has chosen. As she enters, she notices a pretty girl in a cute dress coming out, with a flushed look, but smiling. She glances under the doors of the other cubicles to see if there is anyone in them. One is occupied. The door to each cubicle starts just above her eye level and ends down to two feet from the floor. She notices the occupant is wearing royal blue pumps with very high heels, and appears to be bending over and adjusting them, she can see the hands with long red fingernails down close to the floor.

She enters her own cubicle. From outside, her legs can be seen from mid-calf down. She is wearing black strappy patent-leather sandals with high heels. The rustle of silk slipping over silk can be heard, and above the door she can be seen as she slips her flimsy dress off over her head. Then below the door she can be seen again as she eases her short black silk and lace slip down, and steps out of it.

What cannot be seen is that she is wearing a matching black see-through lace underwear set, consisting of a tiny open-cup brassière, garter belt and thong. The brassière exposes her big breasts completely and pushes them up and out to provocative points. The tiny thong disappears in between the soft perfect curves of her rounded ass, and rides high on her hips. The garter belt is attached to sheer black seamed stockings.

She tries on the first dress. It is a pretty dark blue with white designs on it. The material is light and silky and semi-see-through, and it is very short. Her arms are visible above the door as she slips it on over her head. 

Under the door her lower legs and her shoes can still be seen as she poses in front of the mirror. She turns round and settles the dress on her slim waist, smoothing out the skirt, pulling it down since it only just covers her stocking tops, and buckling the matching belt. She notices that her brassière, garter belt and thong, as well as her wide aureoles and nipples are slightly visible through the filmy fabric. She likes that. The fabric is quite tight over her breasts, and her erect nipples make two lumps that cannot fail to be noticed. She likes that too. It is for that reason that she wears an open-cup brassière. She pulls at her nipples through the fabric to make them even larger.

Just then, she senses someone behind her. Impossible! She smiles and half laughs. The brightly-lit cubicle is fully visible in the mirror. There is a chair directly behind her, and the dresses hanging on the hook to her right, nothing else. She slips the flimsy dress off over her head again and puts it back on its hanger. Then for a reason she cannot quite understand, she slips her thong down to her knees and slips the straps of her brassière down off her shoulders, then pulls it down to her waist leaving her heavy breasts to swing free, completely naked. She turns round with her back to the mirror.

There is someone there! She sees the male figure as though the room is dark, even though the lights are bright. She turns again to the mirror. He is invisible. From outside, the only legs that can be seen are hers. He is invisible to everyone but her. He is naked, and his penis is incredibly large and erect. 

She wonders why she is not surprised to see him there, and why she does not cry out. She knows what he is there for, and she is ready to let him do what he wants to her. She bends down with her hands on the seat of the chair, her legs slightly apart. He reaches for her swinging breasts. She stays still and lets him enjoy squeezing them for a while.

She realizes that the girl who was adjusting her shoes – the royal blue pumps – as she came in, is just leaving. She catches a glimpse of her shoes as she walks out of the dressing room. Adjusting her shoes? And the other cute girl who was leaving, so flushed in the face, when she came in? She bends lower to see more of the girl. Enough to see that she is carrying her panties and brassière in her hand!

The shadowy figure grabs her in this completely bent-over position, holds her firmly by the hips and thrusts himself into her. She gasps as he plunges deep and hard, and begins to pump. She feels the length of his thrust, realizing that almost the full length of his huge cock is inside her. His hands reach down once more for her huge swinging breasts, find the erect nipples and squeeze them. She senses how much he enjoys the softness of her luscious big breasts as he revels in the hot wetness of her sex. Her cries and moans as her enjoys her are the only indication of what is happening in the little cubicle. Still the only part of her that is visible from outside the cubicle is her lower legs and her 5-inch high patent leather high-heeled sandals.

A careful observer would notice that her feet are set slightly further apart than normal, and that her ankles are flexing rhythmically, but even her thong so far stays obediently around her knees. To a casual observer, she might easily be trying the next dress and adjusting the skirt or smoothing the sleeves. The reality is that she is moaning quietly and panting as an unknown male with a supernaturally large sex-organ enjoys the ripe fruits of her almost naked body, thrusting his huge penis into her freely offered sex and squeezing her big nipples mercilessly.

She bends over double, holding on to her ankles, as he thrusts hard and deep. Her breasts hang down and her hair reaches the floor. Now finally the flimsy thong slips down to her ankles. She looks down at her feet and realizes that if anyone were to look under the door now, they would see her long golden hair swinging backwards and forwards, both her hands gripped firmly around her ankles, as well as the tiny little black lace thong dangling between her shoes. Maybe they will notice the more active movement of her lower legs as she absorbs the hard thrusts of this invisible man.

Would they wonder what she was doing? Was that what the girl with the blue pumps and the one she saw when she came in were doing? Was that why she was 'adjusting' her shoes? Was he in there, fucking those other two girls just like this, before coming in here?

She struggles hard to stay upright, wanting not to interrupt his enjoyment of her perfect body by overbalancing. Once more he reaches down for her breasts, swinging wildly. She looks out under the door and sees the bright red high heeled pumps of another girl going by, pausing for a moment outside her cubicle, and then going into the adjacent one. She wonders if he will go in there after he has finished with her. She wonders if the girl next door is as big-breasted as she is, and is wearing the same kind of sexy frillies that she is. He pulls hard at her nipples as he fucks lustily. 

She still only partly believes that this is happening to her as she waits for him to release himself into her. She feels the hard thrusts as he climaxes, feels the liquid spurt inside her body, and smiles. He withdraws immediately.

He is gone. She remains bent double for a while. Was it her imagination? She feels liquid run from her sex, running slowly down her inside leg, and dripping on the floor. Perhaps others will see the semen dripping on the floor between her legs. Finally she stands up, then sits on the chair with her legs spread wide, but with her feet together. With her eager fingers at work on her clitoris and one nipple, it only takes her a short while to stimulate herself to orgasm. She tries to be quiet as she climaxes, but she doesn't really care if someone overhears.

She sneaks a glance under the door of the adjacent cubicle. She can see the red 4" high-heeled pumps, set close together, the black seamed stockings, and a pair of red silk and lace panties draped between them. Two hands with long red fingernails exactly matching the shoe colour are holding on to the heels. Once more there is a matching red silk and lace brassiere, rashly dropped on the floor by a girl hurriedly making herself ready for the same treatment. The floral silk dress has fallen from the chair onto the floor. A long mane of glossy blonde hair reaches almost to the floor, swinging rhythmically backwards and forwards. And the ankles are flexing. She hears a stifled moan and some girlish panting coming from inside the cubicle. He is still there, enjoying his fourth girl in ten minutes!

She rearranges her underwear. Her thong is restored to its proper place, caressing a pink, well-stimulated sex with liquid still oozing from the soft crevices. Her flimsy brassière once again cups her big beautiful breasts, pushing up and forward the flushed nipples that were so recently squeezed and pulled. She smiles and wonders if it really happened to her. She looks down. The moaning from the adjacent cubicle and the wet drips falling on the frilly panties tell her it did.

She tries on the other dresses. There is one she likes. A skimpy black one with a low-cut front that shamelessly exposes most of her breasts, and a deep split at the back of the skirt. Short. Easily pulled up to give access to her sex. A dress to be fucked in. She decides to buy it, as well as the blue one she tried on first.

She leaves quickly, smiling, somewhat flushed in the face. The girl with the red shoes comes out at the same time, she is young, pretty, looking a little embarrassed as she stuffs her panties into her purse, but they only glance at each other and smile, and go their separate ways. 

She plans to come again to that same cubicle, soon. Maybe he will come, and maybe he will fuck her again. Who knows?