 The house was quiet and still in the early morning. The bedside clock flashed 6:15am. The new born sun shone brightly through the windows, between the slit in the closed curtains of the bedroom as I snuck out. As I walked down the stairs I admired the portraits adorning the walls. Pictures of his kids in paint smocks, prom dresses, graduation caps and bridal gowns follow me as I head down the hall into the kitchen. I turned on the coffee machine as I entered the room. The sun was brightest in the kitchen, pouring through the windows above the sink and in the breakfast nook, glaring against the stainless steel appliances and shiny marble counter top. 

I opened the large window above the sink, feeling the sun warm my face. A light breeze blew my hair slightly bringing birdsong into the kitchen as the smell of fresh brewing coffee filled the room. The pot gurgled and sputtered, I leaned against the island. On my legs the cat rubbed himself back and forth, back and forth as I took two mugs down from the shelf of a cupboard.

I poured the coffee, adding milk and sugar. Just the way he likes it. A mug in each hand, I tiptoed back up the stairs. The hem of his work shirt grazed the back of my bare legs, revealing my bare bum as I climbed the stairs. I took long strides down the hall trying to avoid any creaking from the hardwood floors. The French doors that led to the bedroom were wide open, as I left them, so I snuck back in placing my mug on the night stand.

From my left I heard him clear his throat. I turned to look at him surprised to find him watching me through one eye, a smile on his face. He sat up rubbing his eyes in that groggy, manly way that is almost childlike.

"Good morning beautiful," he said, his voice hoarse with sleep.

"Good morning handsome," I purred as I climbed onto the bed and into his arms.

"Surprise coffee in bed?" He asked as I handed him his mug. He sipped it slowly, licking his lips. "Mm mm, perfect. Just like you," he said as he snuggled his face into my neck. "I love waking up with you."

"I love waking up with you too," I replied as I traced the rim of his mug with my finger.

"Mmm," he growled as he kissed my ear and neck. I stopped him, cupping his face in my hands. He reached out and brushed a loose strand of hair out of my eyes. "You look like an angel right now. In this light, a vision from God."

"Oh shush," I said as I tapped his nose, a warm blush rising to my cheeks.

"I can't believe I have to work today," he groaned. "I just want to lie in bed with you all day," he said as he pushed me down into the pillows. He laid his coffee on the night stand and climbed on top of me. "Hey," he paused looking down at me, "How am I going to get ready if you're wearing my work shirt?"

"Hmm," I sighed as I put my arms above my head, "I guess you'll just have to get it off me then..." He smirked and kissed me softly.

His hands tickled my arms as he stretched to hold my hands which were grazing the head board. His kisses grew from soft and loving to passionate and hard. Our tongues intertwined as he played with my fingers and traced patterns on the sensitive insides of my wrists. I tried to reach out and touch his face but when I tried to move my hands he grabbed my wrists and held them in place. He pulled away, my bottom lip between his teeth and fierceness in his eyes as he pulled the shirt over my head. I tried to sit up, thinking the game was over. He had won, he'd gotten his shirt but he held me down. 

His hands moved down my arms and he traced the outline of my face. He touched my lips and traced down my neck to my breasts. Lightly, he rubbed his thumbs over my areolas awakening a deep lust in my gut. He then began to massage my boobs, creating wetness between my legs. Slowly he lowered his head to my right breast and took it in his mouth, teasing and licking until my nipple began to grow. He sucked it and when he pulled away slightly he blew on it causing it to harden completely. He then moved onto my left breast, doing the same thing while rubbing and tweaking my right nipple. With both nipples hard, he rubbed and lightly squeezed, pulling ever so slightly on them as he kissed his way down my stomach. He stopped above my pubic bone, kissing the bare flesh where pubic hair would grow had I not waxed. 

His eyes met mine as he slid his hands down my body to my thighs. Slowly, he separated my legs. I moaned as I felt his warm breathing on my exposed sex. He lowered his head and I felt his hot tongue slow and smooth over my swollen clit. My muscles clenched as he continued to lick, suck and kiss my clit. When I felt his finger slide inside me I let out a moan of pleasure. 

"Oh God, you're so tight," he growled. "And wet."

I giggled, but he began to pump his finger in and out, causing me to throw my head back and grind my hips into his face. Suddenly he stopped, sitting up, he pulled off his boxers. I crawled over to him. His cock was more than half way hard, growing thicker as it remained exposed. I took it in my hand and began to stroke it, pulling and twisting my hand along the shaft. I lowered my head and took him in my mouth. The tip of his cock already slick with pre cum, I licked all around to the moans and grunts of pleasure. I took him deeper with each bob of my head, stroking him with my right hand and cradling his balls in my left. He collected my hair in one hand as I took him all the way in, down the back of my throat.

"Holy fuck," he yelled as I gagged on his huge cock. I sat up my face flushed and eyes watery. I straddled him still jerking him off. He grabbed my face and kissed me deeply, so deep that I could feel it in my toes. He fell back with me on top of him. My breasts hung low and my erect nipples rubbed against his chest causing my clit to swell and juice to drip from my pussy. I positioned myself on top of him, legs spread. When I let go of his cock, it rested against his stomach shining in the morning light from my spit. I began to grind my clit on his penis, rubbing it up and down his shaft. I moan as he cried out, "Fuck yes, ugh ugh oh yeah baby!" I reach the brink of release but I stop, rolling onto my back as he straddles me. He grabbed his cock and placed the tip against my pussy.

"Oh God, you are so wet baby girl," he groaned as he pushed the head in slowly. I gasped as he pushed more of his cock in.

"You are so fucking tight," he growled. When he is all the way in I purr,

"Oh my God baby, you are so fucking big." I could feel his thickness inside of me, stretching my tight hole more than anyone before. He began to pump. The head of his cock felt like it was smacking off of my uterus. Slowly at first, then he got faster, harder, until he was pounding his big cock inside of me. His balls slapped off of my ass as he drilled me as hard as he could. Both of us were yelling and moaning and grunting, the bed springs crying out in protest. Suddenly while he was deep inside of me, my toes curled, my muscles clenched, I dug my nails into his shoulders and cried out. He slipped out of me as I was cumming and out of my pussy came a clear liquid. I was convulsing so bad that I held onto him, pulling myself into a sitting position to practically hug him. I felt the liquid as it kept coming out of me, soaking his chest and balls. He wrapped his arms around me, holding me close until the convulsions stopped then I fell back onto the bed, my pussy still pounding. He looked down at me, a huge smile on his face,

"You squirted baby! You squirted all over me! Holy fuck that was the fucking hottest thing I've ever seen!" He said as he kissed me. I smiled weakly trying to catch my breath.

"You liked that baby? You like when I squirt all over your huge cock?" I said as I reached out and began to jerk his cock again.

"Yeah, let me fuck you baby. Turn around, let me fuck you," he said, flipping me over. I got up on my hands and knees as I felt him enter me from behind. He thrust in and out at a vicious pace, my tits slapped against each other while my nipples grazed the pillows. His balls smacked against my clit and he spread my ass. Slowly I felt his wet thumb slip into my ass, as he continued to fuck my pussy, his balls teasing my clit. Before I knew it, I was having another orgasm but this time he didn't pull out, he just rammed me harder. 

"Where do you want my cum baby?" He asked as he fucked me.

"I want it on my tits baby, I want you to cum all over my tits," I moaned back at him. He pulled out and flipped me over. I propped myself up on my elbows and opened my mouth just in case he squirted it at my face. He pulled himself closer to my chest, then stroked and jerked his cock. I sat up, reached out and helped him jerk it, I rolled his balls around until finally with a twitch of his cock he grunted and he came all over my tits. 

"Oh yeah, oh fuck, oh ugh, yeah," He grunted as he drained his balls all over my tits. The thick white cum coated my chest as I kissed him.

"Mm, baby that was so good," I purred as our tongues tangled. "Let's clean this up."

I grabbed his cock and sucked off any cum that may be left over, licking and sucking his balls to make sure I haven't missed any. Then I wiped some off of my tit with my finger and put it in my mouth. I cleaned myself up, putting it all in my mouth but not swallowing. When I think I've gotten it all, I open my mouth and show him my mouthful of his thick delicious cum. He reached out and stroked the side of my face.

"Swallow that shit baby, swallow my cum," he said. So I did, opening my mouth to show him that I swallowed all of it. Then he kissed me softly, again and again.

"I guess I should drink this coffee before it turns to ice huh?" he said taking his mug off of the table.

"Yeah, probably should. And do it fast," I said glancing at the clock. "It's already 7:00am and you definitely need a shower." He looked at me, the hunger apparent in his eyes.

"Will you be joining me?"

"Do you want to make it to work today or not?" I asked. He laughed and pulled me close to him.

"I love you," he said as he sipped his coffee.

"I love you too."