 This is the first story of a series. It is purely fictional; any resemblance to any real people is purely coincidental. Be sure to practice safe sex in real life.

Janey had worked at Emertech for three weeks, but was already bored. She never stayed at workplaces like that for more than a few months, even though she easily made friends. She had already done so at Emertech and very little seemed interesting. It was mostly the same thing, day in, day out. Get there at 9, work until 12:30, have lunch with some colleagues, get back, work until 5:30, then home. There was however one person in her office space that had piqued her interest. This was somewhat ironic since they had never spoken; in fact they had never even made eye contact, but she had learned his name: Adrian Greene. He was in his late 20s, about the same age as Janey, fairly attractive, had short, brown hair and was always seen working at his computer. Today was Thursday. Janey went to talk to Ed, a co-worker, near the coffee machine.

"Ed?"

"Hey, Janey. Did you need something?"

"What can you tell me about Adrian?"

"Who?"

"Adrian Greene, over there."

She pointed discreetly at Adrian, although he probably wouldn't have noticed if she used a signal flare.

"Greene?"

Ed chuckled.

"What could you possibly want to know about him?"

"He's interesting."

"He always works."

"I find that interesting. Does he have a girlfriend? Boyfriend? Pet?"

Ed chuckled again.

"I really don't know. Nobody does. He never talks to anyone here."

"Not even during lunches?"

"He doesn't have lunch, in the technical sense. When everyone leaves, he brings out a Tupperware box filled with leftovers and eats while working."

"When does he stop?"

"I'm not sure if he does. He always comes here before everyone else, works all day, sometimes grabs some coffee and always leaves last. Bet he works at home in the weekends."

"Does he always eat here?"

"I've seen him at the small restaurant just around the corner a few Fridays. Of course, he was working there, too."

"He never stops, huh?"

Ed looked at her suspiciously.

"What is your interest in him, anyway?"

"I'm thinking about asking him out."

"Really?"

"Yeah, why not?"

"For one thing, he seems to be an anal, workaholic neat freak."

"So?"

"Do you have some kind of dating death wish?"

"I'd like to get to know him, it might make passing by him more comfortable. Hell, it can't get any worse if it fails."

"You're really serious about this?"

"I guess."

Ed looked at Adrian's desk, where he was still working away.

"Best of luck to you. You'll need all of it you can get."

The next day it was Friday and during the lunch break, like Ed said, Adrian left without saying a word. Janey then followed him to the restaurant. It was a small restaurant, fairly cheap. Janey waited ten minutes after Adrian entered before doing so herself to avoid suspicion. Not unpredictably, he was still working on his laptop. Janey approached him.

"Hi."

"Hi, Adrian said with a lot of suspicion when he raised his vision from the screen and saw a young, attractive, red-headed woman."

"Emertech, right?"

"Yes, do I know you?"

"Janey Samson, we both work there."

"Thought I recognised you."

"Do you want to share a table here?"

Adrian contemplated the proposition carefully.

"Sure", he replied nervously.

Janey sat down.

"I didn't catch your name."

"Greene, Adrian Greene. Did you lose a bet, or something?"

"What do you mean?"

"That's the only reason I can think of why somebody would have lunch with me."

"You haven't done a lot of dating, have you?"

"I did some in high school, haven't done it again since then."

"Why not?"

"Decided to focus on my career. Besides, I lack social competence."

"If you don't mind me asking, when's the last time you got laid?"

Adrian actually had to think a while to remember.

"Again, in high school."

Janey considered the situation for a moment.

"Do you want to go out with me tonight?"

"Sure, Adrian said after some consideration. When do you get off work?"

"Earlier than you do, that's for sure. I'll let you know time and place later.

She left."

Back at the office, Janey started to have second thoughts about the date. She didn't have anything to lose, but Adrian actually seemed distracted when he sat by his desk. For the first time she could remember since she had started working there, Adrian was not working, just sitting in deep thought. This grabbed everyone's attention, although everyone felt that he had earned a break. Fortunately, Adrian was apparently two weeks ahead with his work. Both of them stayed behind after everyone else had left, even the cleaning staff. Finally, Janey decided to break the ice and went to his desk.

"Something tells me that date won't happen tonight, huh", he asked.

"Sorry, I just considered the situation and I'm not sure if we should go ahead with it."

"What was the reason? Were you high when you asked me out?"

Janey smiled.

"You don't have a lot of self-esteem, do you?"

"Self-esteem is one thing. I'm just uninteresting and an anal, workaholic neat freak."

Janey immediately felt a slight bad conscience.

"You heard that, did you?"

"He was right. I haven't dated in a long time. I haven't had sex in a longer time and you really can do much better. This building has hundreds of workers, a little more than half of them are men. At least half of them will have a better chance with you than I will."

Janey felt an incredible discomfort at his words. She had never met anyone with a worse self-image. She contemplated something for a while and then told Adrian:

"Get up."

Adrian obliged carefully. Janey then grabbed his hand, pulled him to herself and gave him a long kiss which he eventually reciprocitated with uncertainty.

"Come here", she said quietly.

She led him by the hand to a supply room. When they were alone in there, she started kissing him again. Adrian asked:

"Why are you-", but was cut off when Janey placed a finger on his lips.

"Shush", she said softly, "let's just go."

Adrian then started kissing her back. They moved to the centre of the room, between a large photocopying machine and shelves filled with office supplies. Janey then started unbuttoning Adrian's shirt.

"What are you doing", he asked, almost terrified. Janey just looked at him and smiled. When he was topless, she started kissing him again, caressing his body. Adrian then started unbuttoning her blouse. When it was gone, revealing her black lingerie, he hesitated briefly but started kissing her throat. She gasped with pleasure and began unzipping his pants. When they were down, his dick was almost penetrating his underwear. Almost unable to take her eyes of it, Janey quickly pulled them down, causing it to almost literally jump out. Adrian looked at her very nervously. She grinned with excitement and put it in her mouth causing him to gasp with pleasure.

"Oh, God," he exclaimed.

Janey was sucking his dick with glee. It was so big that it wouldn't go all the way into her mouth. She gasped as she stopped doing it to breath, still giving him a handjob.

"When did you say was the last time you had sex?"

"High school".

"With how many?"

"Two".

"Lucky gals".

Adrian's cock was now rock-hard and glistening with saliva and precum. Janey stood up, removed her bra, exposing her large tits and erect nipples. She then placed her hands on Adrian's shoulder and head and brought his mouth to her cleavage. From there, he went down between her breasts and past the navel at which point he removed her skirt and panties, fully exposing her hairless clit.

"You like it", Janey asked.

Adrian didn't answer, but simply started kissing in the surrounding area. Janey shivered with excitement. Then Adrian moved the labia aside, exposing the pink flesh and started licking. Janey gasped with pleasure.

"Right there," she moaned, "right there".

She started to lose balance as he licked her sweet, dripping wet pussy and leaned against the photocopying machine with her legs spread. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.

"That feels so fucking good!"

She laid her hand on his head and almost had to force it from her body. She smiled as he wiped his mouth and licked his lips.

"Stand up," she said. Adrian obliged and was met by a long tongue kiss. Janey tasted her own juices and shivered again.

"You want to fuck me?" she asked excited while rubbing her clit with one hand and stroking his cock with the other. "You want to stick your huge, cock in me? You want to come inside me?"

"Yeah." Adrian's previous nervousness was completely gone.

"Say it," Janey whispered.

"I want to fuck you," Adrian whispered back.

"Good boy."

She took her blouse and Adrian's shirt, spread them out on the wall-to-wall carpet floor like a sheet and lied down on her back with her legs spread, naked except for her black stockings.

"Come on," she instructed him eagerly.

Adrian lied down on top of her and kissed her.

"You want me to fuck you?" he asked with the same eagerness.

"Take me. Stick your cock in me."

The head of Adrian's cock stroked her clit, causing her to make a small, orgasmic spasm. He made a gentle thrust and Janey gasped with pleasure.

"It's so big!"

He pulled it out and pushed it in again. It went in almost half-way. Janey moaned as her pussy was stretched. 

"Does it feel good?" Adrian asked. Janey drew his head close and whispered lustfully in his ear:

"It feels fucking fantastic!"

Adrian pulled out his cock almost all the way and made one long thrust. All of it went in this time, causing Janey to gasp and almost scream out with pleasure.

"Still think you can handle it?" Adrian asked.

"Fuck, yes." Janey's hair was dripping sweat. "I want you to fuck me, now."

Adrian started thrusting in and out carefully, eventually increasing his speed. Janey could feel her pussy being filled up and emptied repeatedly and her tits being squeezed and stroked and moaned loudly over and over again.

"This is so good!"

Suddenly, Adrian slowed down and said:

"I want you on top."

Janey grinned. Adrian pulled out of her and lied down on his back as she stood up, squatted and placed his huge, glistening cock inside her, feeling every inch, and moaned.

"Oh, that feels good", Adrian moaned.

Janey started riding him, her breasts jumping up and down as his cock kept re-entering her pussy. She started having orgasmic spasms.

"Fuck, that's good", she moaned. She placed her knees on the floor to get a different angle and give Adrian a clear shot at her breasts. He then embraced her around her waist, getting a firm grip of her. He then started thrusting deeply as Janey moaned louder than before. She whispered in his ear:

"Put a finger in my ass".

"What?"

"You heard me," she said eagerly. "Put your finger in my asshole."

Adrian held up his right hand, his long finger extended. Janey put it in her mouth and sucked on it like it was a cock. Adrian then moved it to her ass hole, circling it around her sphincter, creating a tickling sensation in Janey whose eyes just glistened with expectation.

"Having troubles finding it?"

They shared a brief giggle. Adrian then gently inserted his finger into her anus, causing her to bend back, her mouth and eyes wide open.

"Oh, FUCK!"

She threw her head forward as Adrian pushed his finger further in. When it was all the way in, he made a firm grip around her waist and started fucking her harder. Suddenly, her pussy muscles became tighter, as did her sphincter, and everything went black before her eyes. Adrian started thrusting faster.

"Do you want to cum?"

"Yes," Janey answered, her pussy overflowing with juices.

"Say it."

"I want to cum now. Fuck me harder than you've ever fucked before."

Adrian started thrusting his finger in and out of her ass as he started fucking her even faster. Finally, Janey started moaning louder than ever before.

"Now," she panted. "Come with me NOW!"

Adrian increased the pace a little more. Finally, Janey raised her upper body, her tits bouncing even more, threw her head backwards. Her eyes tightly closed and her mouth wide open, she literally screamed out with pleasure as she felt Adrian shooting his load into her pussy:

"Oh, GOOOOOOD!"

After the two had finished climaxing, Janey lost all strength in her arms and collapsed with exhaustion on top of Adrian, both of them panting and their bodies glistening with sweat.

The two lied there for a while simply resting in each others' arms and sharing the heat of their bodies. Afterwards, Janey got up and the two shared an awkward look before redressing in silence and exiting the room and turning off the lights. They made company through the ghost town-like office, to the empty elevator and to the equally empty lobby where they departed after sharing a brief, awkward kiss. The following day was equally strange. Neither of them worked on Saturdays, but Adrian came that day to take his mind off of things and Janey came because she knew he would be there. The fact that Adrian hadn't been able to get as much work done two days in a row started to draw attention, although the bosses didn't really mind as he was so far ahead with his work. This day, he was simply repeatedly clicking with a ball-point pen and staring into nothingness, occasionally glancing at Janey, turning away instantly whenever she looked back at him. This went on for hours, until the lunch break when everyone except Adrian and Janey remained and she decided to break the ice again.

"Look-", she said, but was interrupted when Adrian started to ramble nervously:

"I'm sorry about what happened last night. You kissed me, we were all alone and I, I didn't mean to take advantage of you like that. I-"

"Adrian," Janey interrupted him. "The two of us were alone and when you talked about yourself like that, I don't know what happened in my head, but I just-"

She couldn't think of what to say.

"Look," she finally said gently. "What happened last night did both of us a world of good. It was proven to you that you really are not as unattractive as you think, it should certainly take your self-esteem up a notch, and both of us got laid and had a wonderful time together."

She placed her hand on his shoulder.

"We both needed to let go like that."

"I more than you, huh?"

She smiled sweetly.

"Yes, definitely. You need to relax occasionally, just let go of everything and have sex like that."

"Was it good for you too," Adrian asked with uncertainty.

She smiled again.

"Yes, it was fantastic. It's a shame you didn't sleep around a bit more all those years ago. I know a few women who need to get laid like that."

"Strange, because I was scared out of my mind."

"You were simply out of practice."

"If, I'm not too forward-", Adrian asked but was cut off:

"After what we did yesterday, nothing you can say will be too forward."

"I was going to ask if you want to do it again some time."

Janey grinned.

"Definitely."

She wrote down her phone number on a piece of paper.

"If you're ever in the mood, just give me a call. If you were nervous yesterday, imagine what you will be able to do in a more controlled situation."

Adrian wrote down his number and handed it to her. Janey gave Adrian a quick kiss on the forehead and was about to leave when he said:

"Janey."

"Yes?"

"Thank you."

She smiled sweetly again.

"Thank you, too."

Adrian returned to work, as effective as before, while Janey went out for lunch with the others. The two later shared a glance at each other and a giggle when "Norman from Accounting" complained loudly about a wet puddle on the floor in the supply room.