 She lay in her bed feeling something, feeling alone. Certainly the kids were there, asleep in their own beds, but it was a different kind of loneliness. Finally sleep claimed her. Later she would laugh at the beginning of the dream, they were supposed to be fantasies and unreal adventures, but this one started the way her day ended. She was in her bed laying on her side, wearing the exact nighty she had before. Shifting slightly, she felt a presence behind her. There was no fear and she sensed no malice but a warmth. Moving her body backwards a fraction until there was solid resistance and a feeling of reassurance. She could feel the heat of his breath on the back of her neck and in one movement his arm wrapped about her. Just an arm such a simple thing, but the feeling of safety and the warmth enveloped her whole body. Reaching up she interlocks their fingers lifting his hand and moving it slowly about so that just the barest tips of his fingers are caressing her skin.

He takes her cue and gently detaches their hands, continuing the light teasing touch up her arm across her shoulder. He brushes past her throat causing her breath to catch in it momentarily before continuing down the other arm. Encouraging him further she purrs slightly and presses her curvaceous figure into him a little more. She is rewarded with a gasp from him and she feels his member hardening as it is trapped between them. Shuffling her hips, she guides it to rest in the cleft of her cheeks. It twitches and she grinds her hips back and forth in small slow movements making sure her desire is known. He takes the hint and moves his trailing fingers along her breasts, each finger brushing over her hardening nipples. Moving them all around until she is sure he has mapped every bit of skin available to him she is almost maddened and frustrated by his pace. Taking control, she bounces forward away from him and removes the nighty and then slides her panties down over her legs and dropping them to the floor before wriggling back into place against him. A part of her fears that he may have disappeared as easily as he appeared but soon the warmth from him floods back around her.

Feeling his bare skin on hers and aware of every tiny place they touch she reaches behind her to grab his penis, which is now standing very firmly to attention, and rubs it along her dampening slit a few times before placing it so it's length runs along her lips. He gives a slight push and the head nudges forward to brush her clit. She takes hold of his hand gently licks two of his fingers and moves them down there also. By manoeuvring her hips, she soon has the head poised at the entry of her pussy. Slowly pressing herself back until her buttocks press on his hips she enjoys the feeling of being full again. With one hand between her legs gently circling her clit the other resumes it's trailing on her skin. Goosebumps rise as she takes control of the thrusting so he can focus on his hands. Before long she feels the pressure build and starts to push back harder making a slapping from their joining bodies that sounds beautiful to her ears. With one last flick of her clit he brings her release and she takes all of him deep inside to ride it out.

Finding that this was the feeling she was searching for she resumes almost in a frenzy, eager to feel such again. He removes his hands and replaces them, one on her shoulder under her neck and the other on her top hip. Pulling her back and pushing himself forward they find another orgasm for her, she stops moving to groan through it but he will not pause. He continues at the same pace, moving his entire length in and out of her. She has a third orgasm and shortly a fourth then they are on top of each other and she knows not whether the fourth lasted an eternity or if there was a fifth and sixth. But somewhere in there, on the crest of ultimate pleasure, she is lost.

She wakes in an identical position to the last time, on her side in bed. Smiling to herself at the wonderful dream she rolls over only to be staring into the most piercing emerald eyes. She feels the warmth and comfort return. Deep within those eyes is reassurance and desire. He gently rolls her on to her back, gliding above her as he does so. Keeping her impaled with his eyes he places himself barely inside her. It goes very easy because she is still so wet from their last joining. Achingly slow he slides into her, his full length, then equally as slow he backs out. Over and over slow, sensual and wanting whilst never taking his eyes from hers. She feels conflicted, a part of her is loving the attention and sensual nature of his action but another part wants to be ravaged as she was earlier. With a bit of impatience, she grinds herself on him just as he is completely inside her. With a little smirk, he knows play time is over. He moves out of her, leaving her feeling vulnerable and empty, but it is temporary.

Grabbing her ankles, he slides her feet up towards her ass and slightly out. She feels slightly awkward and embarrassed to be exposed like this, but when she once again locks eyes with him the admiration and desire in them completely squashes her negative thoughts. Pressing himself back inside her he teasingly makes a few slow strokes, then begins in earnest. She worries a bit about the parts of her body she is unhappy with; they all seem to be moving with his thrusts. But reassuringly his hands wander all over her, his touch loving yet hungry. Realizing this man is completely in awe of her, even the parts she herself is uncomfortable with, she relaxes and lets the building waves of pleasure claim her.

Closing her eyes, she concentrates on the sensation of his touch, his thighs brushing hers, his hands on her breasts, her hips, her legs, her lips. She releases with a shudder again losing track of how many orgasms there are as they all flow into one continuous stream of pleasure. She feels a change to his thrusts; they are getting hard at the end, there is a definite slap and grunt. She takes his hand and raises his fingers to her lips. She chooses one out and begins to lick around it and suck at it. She is rewarded with a final hard push as they are both pushed over the edge once more coming together. Moving back to their original positions with her as the small spoon he places his shrinking member back inside her and his arm around her once more. Soon a blissful sleep claims them.

With deja vu she wakes. Seeing the sunlight streaming through the window she knows she is back in reality. Turning to where her dream lover was, but will not be, she is surprised by an indentation on the pillow next to her.