 It was one of those nights, the kind where you wake up for no reason and can't go back to sleep. It came as quite a surprise since, after the wine at dinner and our passionate love making, I had fallen into a deep dreamless state. The waitress must have given me caffeine in spite of my request for decaf. It was the only explanation that made sense.

Well, at least I had the opportunity to observe him without making either of us uncomfortable. He was lying on his side, breathing in that deep steady rhythm of restful sleep. The covers came to his waist leaving his torso and back exposed to the soft light streaming through the curtains. I loved the way he looked and I wanted to run my hands over all of him.

I was sitting in the upholstered chair across the room from the large four-poster bed, my knees pulled up and my head resting on the top of them. I just watched him sleep and reflected on how we met. We certainly had a story to tell; that is, if we could ever tell it. 

My arms released my legs and I stretched out, running my hands down my semi-naked form. Just the sight of him brought me to a state of arousal. I slid my hand under the edge of my panties and down to my slit. I was moist. I toyed with the idea of waking him, but hesitated; he looked so at peace.

His face moved with the expression of some unknown dream and he sighed as he rolled onto his back. He looked different when he slept. The deep relaxation changing the appearance of his face, stress and tension eased. I wanted him like this. I wanted to kiss this face.

I stood silently and slid my panties off, stepping out of them toward the king size platform that engulfed this room. I wanted to move without waking him, so I proceeded slowly never taking my eyes from his form; alert for any sign that I had disturbed him. I saw none, so I continued to the edge of the bed. 

I climbed the small step stool positioned on the side. The moonlight behind me cast a shadow over his face as I stood over him. Slowly, I lowered myself into the bed making as little movement as possible. I slid my feet under the covers and moved as close to him as I could. I thought I detected some movement under his eyelids, but after a moment his breathing steadied and I was reassured that he still slept.

Again, I marveled at out meeting. Do you ever wonder whether God makes one person and then splits them in half sending them out into the world and letting chance determine if they should ever meet? I pondered this thought as I looked at him. I would not have him long, our respective lives were well established and our sense of obligation too strong to give in to our personal desires. I would cherish what time we did have.

My fingertips brushed his face as I traced the outline of his mouth. I loved it when I could make him smile. I moved on to his forehead, which bore the lines of worry and consternation. Life could be hard sometimes. I wondered, was life easier or harder since we had met? His eyes flickered. Had I woken him?

My hands moved to his chest where I began to touch him purposefully. I traveled up and down his body seeking every ridge and depression. I wanted to feel him, caress every muscle; learn the map of his body in the dark by touch alone. I could smell the scent of our earlier encounter and breathed it in deeply, savoring the mix of our flavors. I kissed his shoulder, then his neck and finally his mouth. 

His hands reached behind me and pulled me close. He was awake now, but remained silent as he crushed me against him and met my embrace. My tongue traced his mouth once again before it plunged between his lips to taste him fully. My hands combed his hair. His passion met mine and soon we were both breathing deeply, fully aroused.

"Shhh," I whispered. "Let me."

I rose up on all fours and disengaged from his embrace. My mouth began to explore him and his hands found their way into my hair, winding it in thickness. I began at his throat and worked my way down missing nothing. I took my time searching for every tender and ticklish spot. I paid close attention to his nipples, which hardened under my tongue. I flicked them and then nibbled. I was rewarded with a groan. 

His hands pulled me upward, but I resisted. I intertwined my hands with his and moved them firmly aside as I continued my trek to the lower reaches of his naked form. Having gotten the message, he kicked the covers off so that I could continue unimpeded.

I moved down to the lower abdomen, just above his very erect penis but I was careful to avoid touching it. I wandered all around but was sure to leave his cock unattended. He began to move his hips seeking attention for his neglected erection, but I smiled and moved away, traveling down his legs and feet. I rubbed the soles of his feet gently, massaging them with my thumbs.

"Please," he muttered.

"Relax," I replied, enjoying his discomfort. I wanted him to ache for me the way he often made me ache for him. I was simply in no hurry; the exploration of his body was my intent.

Starting with his feet, I began anew. My mouth traced a path up his legs to his thighs, where I began to rub and massage with firmness. My hands massaged from his shoulders to his legs alternating with light finger pressure to a deep palm pressure. Occasionally my nails would scratch gently. 

His cock grew harder and I could see his balls draw up. Finally, I bent down and took the tip of him into my mouth. My tongue circled the tip of his erection and then ran down the side. I could taste our juices from earlier and I savored the sweet mix. 

Moving back up with light kisses, I took his cock into my mouth completely while pressing my tongue to the ridge on the underneath. He groaned and placed his hands lightly on my head in appreciation of my efforts. I began to move him in and out of my mouth, sucking slightly and moving my tongue along the side. It was not long before I felt his balls pull up further. 

I stopped and pulled away. Aahh, he was frustrated. I smiled slightly and moved back up to his face, which I showered with light kisses everywhere. His hands came to both sides and pulled me on top of him and I went willingly.

My legs spread placing him underneath of me. His cock rested underneath of my very wet and ready pussy. But, I did not take him in yet. I leaned forward instead and dangled my breast over his mouth, which he sucked on greedily. My hands found his, entwined his fingers between mine and pinned them to the bed above his head while he continued to suck and bite my nipples. My own need grew to match his; I could not delay any longer.

Releasing his hands, I reached down and positioned myself over him. I came down on his cock completely, pressing my hips into his, sitting up for maximum penetration. The feeling was exquisite and I moaned softly with satisfaction. His hands sought out my breasts and pinched my nipples lightly. My need intensified and I lifted up and then settled back again; the beginning of the rhythm that I slid into. My head rolled in circles, my eyes closed, as I lost myself in the rocking motion. 

I continued this way for some time, delighting in the fullness of my pussy. Suddenly, he reached up and pulled me over. Without ever disengaging, he took control, rolling me under him. I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his torso, pulling him deeper into me. Now he controlled the motion and I could only match him.

"I need to fuck you now," he groaned.

I responded by running my hands down his back and lightly running my fingernails across his buttocks. His motion intensified, and I pushed down to meet him at each stroke, a gasp escaped my lips each time his force met mine. 

"Please do," I replied, truly loving the intensity of his need.

His hands reached up and raked my hair, taking a lock into each. He pulled me against him, my head back from the tension, my back arched and neck exposed. I held this way, steady against his driving force, not wanting it to end. My fingernails dug into his shoulders as my own orgasm began to build. 

His strokes lengthened as he pulled out as far as possible each time. My pelvic muscles began to tighten and the warmth spread down my legs to my toes. His own orgasm was close, betrayed by the sound his breathing, which matched mine. I moved both hands across his shoulders, scratching his flesh with my nails. It pushed him over the edge, and he exploded with force deeply inside of me. The pressure of his cum felt by me as he emptied.

His motion stopped, but I did not release my legs from around him. I wanted to remain with him inside of me for as long as possible. He kissed my neck and then my mouth deeply. His hands released my hair and reached over to cup my face. I could see his satisfied expression in the moonlight.

"Thank you," I whispered. Truly grateful for the way he made me feel.

As he lifted up and rolled to the side, he took care to ensure that our connection was not lost. Moments later we were both asleep, my head resting against him as if there was no other place it should be.