 Jenny walked across the parking lot to her car. It was late and just about sun set. She fumbled in her purse to find her car keys. She had been told a number of times to always have her keys in her hand with the long ignition key poking out between her fingers as a defense. God why couldn't she remember to do that. 

She looked to her left and saw this guy standing next to a car with his hand on the roof. She fumbled some more but couldn't locate the keys. Then she heard footsteps from the gravel and coming her way. Frustrated she crammed her hand into her purse and then she lost it. The purse tumbling down and her contents spilling all over the lot. 

She looked in the direction of the steps and gasped as she could see that guy walking towards her. It was Kenny, one of the big shots on campus. Mr. Stuck Up to her. She dumped out the remaining things in her purse, but still no keys. Now, in panic, she fumbled through the contents spread all over. Her already short skirt now slid up her thighs more and looking down she could see her panty crotch. "Oh my god" she murmured and then she looked up. 

Kenny was standing there looking down at her and she could almost feel his eyes burning into her exposed panties. She tried to pull her skirt down, but in this position, it did little good so she stood up and then knelt down in a more concealing way. 

"My, little girl, you have quite a mess here. What are you looking for," he said as he lowered himself to a squat. A quick glance by Jenny saw that he was still fixed on her now somewhat better covered crotch. She gasped and uttered a meek hi, and continued to search for her keys. "I am trying to find my car keys," and hoped that he couldn't detect the fright in her voice or the way her hands shook. 

"Here, I got them. My god, what do you all have on here. There's a lot more than keys, all this junk." Then he picked up two tampons and handed them to her. "Here do you need these today?" 

She grabbed them and stuffed them into her purse with no response and just shook her head no. She could feel her face turning a bright red. Now she grabbed handfuls of her stuff and shoved them in her purse and stood up. She held out her hand for her keys. 

"Wow Jenny, you really have good looking legs and thighs. I love to watch them in class when you cross your legs." 

But as he was saying this, he leaned closer to her and then put one hand on each side of her head. She was trapped, pinned against the side of her car. His face was just inches from hers. "Jenny, you are without a doubt the sexiest girl on campus." Now his lips were very close to hers and she could feel his breath as he talked. 

"But you have never even said hi to me in class. I try to but every time you turn your head away like you don't like me. Do you dislike me." 

"Yes, no, I mean no. Oh god. No I don't dislike you, I just thought you didn't want anything to do with me. A guy like you can't be interested in a girl like me. I mean, oh god I don't know what I mean." She could feel the blush covering her face again and was glad it was getting darker and maybe he wouldn't see it. 

Then his lips were pressed against hers. She gasped but her lips burned and her heart beat doubled. He was so attractive. No, he was absolutely sexy. Yes she wanted to know him better. Yes she wanted him to kiss her. Then he withdrew but his lips still very close to hers. 

Again his lips pressed against hers. She could feel his tongue now searching for entry. Instead she held her breath.

"Jennie, open your mouth I want to suck you tongue." Now his tongue pressed against her opening and she conceded. His tongue found hers an ravished her entire mouth. Her tongue slipped to the front and he did suck it into his mouth. She could hardly breath.

His voice dropped down to a soft whisper, "Jenny, I hope you didn't mind me kissing you like that, but I just had to. With this soft light you look even more beautiful. I've never had an opportunity to kiss a girl like you and I just had to." 

Now he pressed against her and she could feel his tongue begging for entrance. Her lips opened and now she timidly joined in his exploration. His hand moved to her cheek. His body pressed against hers. She could feel his excitement and it also excited her. Her tongue hungrily explored his mouth as he explored hers. It was overwhelming to her. Waves of want raced through her body. His one hand held her head to this position as his tongue roamed without interference in her mouth. 

His other hand reached down and pulled her leg to his waist as he pressed his body firmly against hers. Yes, she had been kissed before but never like this. Never had she felt a man press against her private area like this. Never had she felt such thrills as she was feeling from his hardness and wanting more. But is this right? 

She felt totally confused. Yes she had dreamed of being with him, of going on a date, of having his arms around her and kissing her like this. But here they were in the parking lot where other people could see them. Even though the sun was setting, soon the lights would turn on. 

She could feel his hand caressing her rear and even sliding under her panties and feeling the bare skin of her cheeks. She tried to pull her head away from his face, but he held her in position. 

He continued to tease her rear as more excitement continued to build and raced through her. She felt as if she should stop this but his touch and his tongue raping her mouth raised havoc with her plan to stop this. His other hand now covered one of her breasts. Again she gasped, but still her tongue seemed to encourage him in his exploration of her body. 

He withdrew his hand from her rear and now he moved that one to the bottom of her blouse and worked its way up while undoing every button. He pushed it to the side and exposed her bra covered breasts. His fingers slid under one cup and pushed it up. Now his two fingers played with her nipple. She gasped again knowing that he could feel the excited heart beat in her chest.

Both of his hands reached behind her and unclasped her bra. Now his hands returned to her breasts, playing and teasing of her nipples. Her head rolled back. She moaned as he leaned forward and sucked a nipple into his mouth while his other hand pressed hard against her other breast and then his thumb and one finger began to pinch and tug on her nipple. 

Again he pressed his body against hers and one leg pushed between her two and spread them further apart then he rubbed her now wet area with his thigh. Her level of excitement soaring to new heights. She found herself biting her lower lip to keep from uttering such a moan of excitement that would only encourage him more. But then, that is what she now wanted. 

One hand left her breast and slid down the outside of her hip and to her leg and began working her skirt up. His hand moving up to the edge of her panties and then sliding inside. 

"Jenny, I just want to touch you here?" 

She murmured something unintelligible. 

"Tell me, do you want me to do this to you. I want to feel your pussy and feel your wetness.? 

"Oh, we're in the parking lot and others can see us.? 

"It's dark and we are at the far edge of the lot." 

"Yes but..."then her mouth was silenced with his lips covering hers. 

"Umm," she gasped. Yes she wanted him to touch her there. No one had done that and she often had wondered how it would feel.

His finger slowly worked its way under her panty and moved up and down her opening. She gasped in surprise and the increased amount of pleasure burning her body. 

"Jenny, do you do this to yourself?" Again her murmur, was a very meek yes. 

"Jenny, are you sure you want me to continue? I will stop if you want me to. Please tell me Jenny." Both hands now found the side of her panties and began to tug it down. All the way down. 

"Please Kenny, please don't do this, oh god." 

His finger had explored just inside her wet lips and he could hear her hard breathing which encouraged him to continue even more, which he did. His finger found her clit.

"Oh Kenny, ohm, please. Oh no one has ever done this to me before. Oh please don't 

She could do nothing but moan and shake her head from side to side. "Kenny, oh please, please, oh god. Oh Kenny oh... yes, yes." 

His tongue now assaulted her mouth while his finger continued to lead her to new experiences. Unexpectedly, waves of pleasure began to build in her body. 

"Jenny, have you ever played with yourself before?" 

She murmured something that he couldn't detect. 

"Jenny, tell me have you ever done this to yourself/" 

Again, a murmur and then a meek yes. 

"Jenny, have you ever let someone else do this to you?" 

She shook her head no and then she buried her face in his shoulder and neck. 

"Jenny, do you want me to continue. Do you want me to bring you to a climax? I really want to feel you enjoy this pleasure so much. Please let me continue." 

"Yes, oh god yes" 

Then she exploded. A roaring wave of excitement raced through her. Her knees weakened. She started to slide down. He wraped his other arm around her, holding her up. His fingers still maintained contact with her pulsing clit. Then he withdrew his fingers. "Oh Jenny, I so want to be inside you when you cum like that. I hope that some day we can do this together."

He tucked her breast back under her bra, and then buttoned her blouse. Then very gently he kissed her lips, her cheek and her neck.

When her breathing had returned to some degree of normality, he handed her the car keys. "Jenny, tonight was just a beginning of our nights together. I will pick you up Friday after class and we will see where this new path takes us." He turned and walked back to his car. 

With her feelings in such a mix, she wasn't sure how she responded. She tried to get the keys in the ignition, but dropped them twice. She watched as Kenney's car drove past her.

She sat in her car. Her whole body felt weak from the thrill she had felt. But what had she started by not refusing to allow this to happen. He said Friday night they would be together again. But what was to happen then and where would they go. 

Maybe it would be just better to not be available. To drum up some story of why she couldn't go. But yet, the feelings she had felt tonight, oh if there was more to come.