 She wakes up as the just before the alarm clock goes off, looking over and seeing her husband still fast asleep. She can still see the last thing her online lover had said to her last night before she logged off. Tonight was the night she would finally get to see him face to face. 

She gets into the shower still excited from last night. She can feel her body starting to tingle as the water starts spraying over her; she starts to caress her breasts just as he was cyber doing last night. Getting her more and more excited her hands slip down between her thighs and she starts to caress her smooth lips. Parting them she quickly starts rubbing and rubbing bringing herself to a rushed climax. Hurriedly she finishes her shower before her husband discovers her.

"Are you all right, you look a little flustered this morning?" he asks as she comes out of the bathroom.

"Yes, just a busy day at work coming up and then the evening with the girls afterwards." she reply. 

"Well have fun with the girls tonight." he says as he hugs her before heading off for his shower. She hopes he cannot smell the lingering smell of her pussy in the shower. 

She goes about her normal morning activities getting ready for work, her mind always flashing back to those last words he said to her last night. "Bye honey!" she calls out as she is headed down the hall, making sure she grabs the back she packed for her secret rendezvous after work.

The morning hours go by quickly as she goes about her daily activities at work. She checks her voice mail and has 2 messages, the first being her husband telling her that he is going to play cards with the guys tonight so might not be home when she gets there. The second message takes her breath away, "Hello my love, I can not wait till I get to see you tonight." his voice says on the recording. She has a smile upon her face for the rest of the day as she keeps wishing it were 5 o'clock already.

Finally she gets to leave work for the day, heading down to her car and driving to the restaurant she has agreed to meet him at. She gets there a little earlier than she expected, traffic was not as bad as she thought it would be, so she goes into the ladies room and enters a stall. She opens her bag and takes out the little red dress that he has sent her along with the red thong that came with it. She quickly gets out of her clothes and slips into the thong, loving how it feels on her. This is the first time she has worn one; never thinking it could make her feel so sexy. She slips into the dress, noticing that it is fairly tight and hugs her in all the right places. She reaches into the bag and pulls out the red stiletto heels she bought to go with the outfit and slips into them, quickly packing her work clothes back into the bag she has.

She steps out of the stall and walks over to the mirror, looking at herself for the first time in the dress. She sees how short it really is as she turns to see it barely goes past her rear. She can see it faint outline of the thong under the dress, also seeing how the heels make her legs look so much longer. She walks out of the ladies room and into the lobby of the restaurant, seeing how the men there stop and look at her as she heads to the bar. She can feel their eyes upon her as she takes a seat at the end, ordering a glass of red wine. She sits there sipping her wine, watching as not only the men but the ladies walking by are taking notice of her. She is starting to think of herself as something more than just another woman in the crowd. She has not felt like this in ages, not since she was a cheerleader in college.

She is watching a couple walking by when she feels a presence beside her; she turns to see someone holding a bouquet of roses. "The yellow are for the friendship we have always had, the white are for the love we have shared and the red are for the passion I feel every time I see you." he says as he hands her the flowers.

"My I have waited so long for this night." she says as she stands up and hugs him.

She can feel his arms wrapping around and holding her close, feeling herself starting to get more than a little aroused. She lets him go as the hostess comes over to guide them to their table.

"You look absolutely wonderful tonight." he says as he sits across for her.

"You look more handsome that I ever thought you would." she replies.

He orders a bottle of the wine, the same that she ordered while sitting at the bar, to be served with dinner. They make small talk as they eat, she finds it very hard to take her eyes off him for much more than a moment the whole time. Finally he gets up and helps her to her feet after the meal is over.

"Would you like to go for a walk, or would you prefer maybe a movie instead?" he asks.

"A walk would be wonderful, the night air might do me some good after the wine I have had." she replies.

They leave the restaurant walk across the street to the park. They enter hand in hand and just start walking, watching all the other couples and kids having a good time. It is dark out but the night is still warm. Walking down a side path he stops and pulls her close to him once again.

"I have wanted to do this since I first saw you in the restaurant." he says as he kisses her.

She responds in the only way she can, she kisses him back. 

His hands rest on the small of her back, starting to slowly caress and rub.

She lets her hands start to softly rub his cheeks before slipping about his neck and pulling him closer to her. Their tongues start to dance with one another as she feels her body becoming more and more aroused. 

"I want to make love to you right here and now." she says as she breaks the kiss, letting her hand slide down and start to rub the growing bulge at the front of his pants.

"Are you sure you want to do it here?" he replies as he is looking around for anyone else around

:"Yes, " she answers, " I have not been more sure of anything else in my life."

He smiles at her and pulls away from her; reaching under her dress he slips the thong slowly down her legs. She steps out of it as she reaches out and unzips his slacks, reaching in and pulling out his cock.

"Mmmmm, that is what I have been wanting all day." she says as she starts to stroke it, watching it get bigger and harder in her hands.

He places his hands under her dress again, grabbing her rear and lifting her up. She wraps her legs around his waist as she guides his cock into her wanting pussy. She lets out a soft moan as he enters her for the first time, nuzzling into his neck as he presses all of it into her.

They can both feel the passions building as they start to make love here in the open. Even though they are in an out of the way area and it is dark, anyone could come walking down the path at anytime. He leans her against a tree as he starts to rock his hips faster against hers. He can feel how the muscles in her pussy are pulling at his cock, trying to milk all of the juices out of it.

"Mmmmm yes that feels so good." she moans into his shoulder as his hands are squeezing her ass as he fucks her hard and fast. She can feel her orgasm building faster and faster. She bites down hard upon his neck as her orgasm comes crashing over her.

"Oh god yes!" he moans as he can feel her orgasm hitting, sending him over the edge as his cock explodes deep inside her.

He just holds his body pressed against her, afraid to even more else he loses the feeling of the passion rolling over the both of them. 

Finally after what seems forever she unwraps her legs and slowly stands upon her own feet again. Smiling at him she softly kisses him once more. Breaking the kiss she reaches down and slips his now soft cock back into his slacks, bringing her fingers up to her lips and tasting the sweet mix of their juices upon them.

He reaches down and picks up her thong and slips it into his pocket, smiling at her as he does.

Smiling as they walk hand in hand they head back to the parking lot. He walks her to her car and asks, "If you wish I would like you to come back to my room for the night?"

She smiles as she answers "I thought you would never ask."

She follows him back to his hotel, calling and leaving a message for her husband that she is staying over with one of the girls cause she has had too much to drink.

They park and he leads her up this his room. Calling down for room service he orders another bottle of wine.

She wasted no time and slips out of her dress, standing before him with only the stiletto heels on.

He just stood there for a moment before moving over and kissing her again, wrapping his arms about her.

"I want to make love to you all night long." he says as he breaks the kiss.

She just smiles as she drops to her knees in front of him, looking up as she unzips his pants. Reaching in she pulls out his semi hard cock and starts to softly stroking it before kissing the tip of it. She can still taste the mix of their juices from before as she starts to suck his cock, feeling it growing harder as her tongue teases more and more of it.

He starts to moan as her tongue continues to play over his hard cock, his hands resting on her cheeks. He starts to slowly rock his hips back and forth, in time with the speed of her sucking his cock.

He suddenly pulls away from her, picking her up he pushes her back onto the bed. Spreading her legs he moves between then and starts to nibble on her thighs. 

She reaches down and pulls his face to her crotch, moaning "Eat me now, please".

He is more than willing to do as she asks, as he lets his tongue start to lick at her swollen lips. Parting them with his fingers he starts to suck on her clit, nibbling on it as he pulls it between his teeth. He slowly slides 2 fingers into her open pussy, curling them up to find that sweet spot that will send her over the top again. Slowly starting to work his fingers in and out of her, as his teeth and tongue work on her swollen clit.

She screams out his name as she feels the first waves of her orgasm crashing over her. It feels like every part of her is on fire, getting hotter and hotter.

He slowly lets his fingers slide out, feeling her pussy tying to pull them back in. he looks up at her as he starts to lick his fingers clean again.

She scoots up in the bed, reaching out and pulling him fully onto it. She lays him down and starts to straddle his waist. She starts to rock back and forth over his cock, letting it tease and rub on her pussy.

"You want this don't you?" she asks as she takes a hold of his hard cock again.

His only answer is a nod as he reaches out and pulls her hips down onto his, feeling his cock driving deep into her. She lets out a moan as his cock drives deep into her.

She starts to ride his cock, lifting and letting her hips come crashing down. He starts to lift his to meet hers, his hands on her hips setting the pace. She looks down at him with a lustful look in her eye, smiling as she starts to ride his cock faster and faster.

"Oh god, I am going to cum." she cries out as she reaches down and starts to rub the little nub harder and faster.

"Yes, I want you to cum for me again." he says as his hands are pulling her deeper onto his cock.

Her hands reach down and sit upon his chest, nails digging in as she can feel her orgasm building.

"Yes, I am going to cum." She cries out.

Suddenly he grabs her ass and thrusts his cock deep into her again. "Yes baby, I am cumming too." he cries out.

She just holds herself there, feeling the waves of lust and passion washing over the both of them, feeling like the moment is lasting a lifetime. She slowly slides down off him, slipping down and snuggling up close. He wraps his arm about her, pulling her close as they both slowly drift off to sleep.