 "I'd like to return this," a man's voice uttered. He slid the book across the counter slowly.

I breathed in deeply and exhaled with some annoyance. I was getting to a sexy scene in the book I was reading and my body was beginning to feel the first tinges of arousal. Trying to read while working the front desk almost guaranteed that I would be interrupted at the worst time, but it never stopped me from trying.

My eyes scanned up the chocolate brown button down shirt that stood before me to the broad shoulders, and then finally to his familiar face. He smiled and I returned the gesture.

He was back. Just seeing his face and looking into his eyes made my body feel as though it was reliving our last encounter in the study nook. Warmth pulsed through my body seeking out all of my erogenous zones and making them spark like firecrackers.

"Sure," I said coyly as I reached for the book in front of me, letting my fingers touch his for a moment before sliding the book towards me. "Is that all?"

I glanced down to check the date on the card in the back pocket and noticed a small white piece of paper was folded in half and neatly tucked into the pocket. I looked back up at him for confirmation that the note was from him.

His sly smile was still curled on his face as I began to unfold the note. In his small, neat handwriting was written: Meet me in one of the private study rooms on the 8th floor. Ten minutes.

As I began to look up from the note, I caught him already walking away. I leaned over the counter straining to see where he was going, but he disappeared around the corner. I was in a bit of a daze, running through my mind every possible scenario for what would happen when I met him upstairs in just a few minutes.

A large stack of books were dropped on the counter with a loud thud. "I'd like to check these out, Miss," a voice squeaked from somewhere behind the stack.

After stamping the last of what seemed like an endless number of books, I jumped off my stool and headed straight for the back room to find someone to take over for me. "Amy, do you mind taking over the desk? I need to go eat lunch. I'm starving." Amy, the new girl, gladly took a break from monotonously labeling the new fiction books and I went straight for the elevator. I was already five minutes late and I feared he might have decided to leave.

As the elevator slowly made its ascent, scenes from our previous encounter began creeping into my thoughts. My bare ass on the desk. His skin brushing my inner thighs. His weight on top of me.

The doors opened on the eighth floor and I felt like a child on her first day of school as I stepped out of the elevator. Scared but excited at the same time. My heart was racing and my pussy aching and wet.

I walked down the hallway that was flanked on both sides by private study rooms that were reserved for one person at a time. I peeked in the window of the first door on the left and saw a middle-aged woman taking notes from a large dusty volume. Inside the first door on the right was a teenager surrounded by stacks and stacks of books and writing intently as his fingers scanned a page in the book in front of him.

It continued this way for the next few rooms. People studying or writing. None of them were the man I was looking for. I came to the last door on the right and noticed it was slightly ajar. I opened the door and stepped inside, but I didn't see anyone. I was about to turn to go when I heard the door close behind me. I didn't bother to turn around. I knew it was him and I was relieved that he was still here.

He placed his hands on my shoulders and whispered in my ear. "For a minute there I thought you might not show."

His hands slid down to my breasts and he began slowly kneading them through my sheer cotton top. My nipples were hardening and I could feel his cock, already hard, against the small of my back just above the waist of my denim miniskirt. He moved his hands to the back of my bare thighs and slid them up to my ass. Reaching under my skirt, he found the thin strip of fabric of my thong and slid it over my ass and down to the floor. With his left hand he reached around and pushed the cup of my black satin bra up and cupped my breast firmly. With his right, he gently bent me over the desk in front of me and then slid my top up, slowly placing kisses from the small of my back to just below my shoulders. My back arched and my breathing became heavier. As he continued to fondle my breast, I could here his belt unbuckling and his fly unzippering. My pussy was aching for him and I could feel my juices begin to drip from my wet hole.

Suddenly, his hands moved down along the curves of my body. He got down on his knees and within seconds I could feel his hot tongue exploring the intricate crevices of my pussy. His tongue found my clit and began lapping at it mercilessly. First one wave and then another shot through me and my body began to tremble. I was struggling to hold back the moans that were forming at the back of my throat.

He stood up and pressed himself against me, rubbing the tip of his cock against my pussy. My fingers curled up on the table as if I were trying to dig my nails into the wood.

"Oh god, stop teasing me and just fuck me," I begged.

"What do you want me to do to you? I want to hear you say it," he teased.

"FUCK ME!" For a split second I worried that someone might have heard me. At this point though I didn't care. I needed him inside me and it didn't matter what I had to do to get it.

As the last syllable escaped my lips, I felt the tip of his cock plunge inside me as far as it would go. With both his hands on my breasts, he began moving in and out of me, gradually increasing his speed. 

Just as I was about to experience my third orgasm, he pulled out, quickly lifted me up and turned me around.

"Get on the table."

I shimmied myself onto the table, pulling my skirt up to my waist to allow him complete access. He lifted my legs up onto his shoulders and his cock slammed into me once again. His hands grabbed my breasts as he continued to pump into me. From this angle I was able to see his big throbbing cock sliding in and out of me, glistening with my juices. My right hand slid down and I began rubbing my clit in a circular motion. My left hand clenched his ass, trying to pull him in closer.

Another orgasm was building inside me. I couldn't hold back my moans any longer and the explosion pulsed through me. 

"I'm going to come," he said as I began to come down and my cries subsided. He slid into me a few more times and then came deep inside me. After a moment of recuperation, he smiled and kissed my ankle playfully. I could feel his come oozing out of me as he slowly pulled his cock out. He offered me his handkerchief as he had done last time and I accepted appreciatively.

I recovered my thong which was balled up in the corner and straightened myself up - pulling my skirt back down to respectable level, fixing my bra and sliding my shirt back down. I ran my fingers through my hair to make sure it wasn't too disheveled and he was re-buckling his belt.

"You go out first and I'll follow," he said.

I took one last look at myself to make sure everything was in place and there was no evidence of what had just happened – other than the grin on my face that was sure to surface the moment I stepped out of the room. After a deep breath, I slipped out the door, closing it behind me. Thankfully, there was no one else in the hallway. I quickly walked to the elevator and pressed the down button. A few seconds later, he came up along next to me and we stood there waiting for the elevator in silence.

The doors opened to reveal an elderly man in his 70s with a newspaper folded under his arm. Always the gentleman, my friend (whose name, by the way, I still did not know) motioned for me to get onto the elevator. I stepped on and he followed, positioning himself just behind me.

"I'm interested in using the room again next Tuesday. Same time. Would that be possible?" my mysterious friend asked.

"Sure, Mr. ..."

"Smith" 

I grinned. "Of course, Mr. Smith."

The doors opened onto the first floor and the elderly man with the newspaper stepped out. As I was walking out, Mr. "Smith" leaned in and whispered into my ear. "I can still taste you."

His breath on my neck warmed my entire body and his words made me even hotter. I refrained from turning around and walked straight towards the front desk.

"I'm back," I announced to Amy who was reading.

"Oh, hey," she replied and looked up from her book. "Are you ok?" she asked. "You're all flushed."

My hand impulsively jumped to my cheek. "Oh? No, I'm fine."

"Well, I'll go back to labeling." Amy slid off the stool and returned to the back room.

I resumed my place on the stool and watched Mr. Smith as he headed out the front entrance.