 The time was set and the Thanksgiving crowds had begun to fill the Malls around the country as expected. Lexi pulled into the parking lot of the Holiday Inn and found a place to park before checking her make-up, then walking to the front desk where she asked the lady if there was an envelope waiting for her.

She walked away and opened it near the privacy of the phone booth. In it was a note. “Hello Lexi Darling. I’m in room 304, please come up. She looked at her watch and saw that it was already 10:00 o’clock. With a smile on her face and a natural case of nervousness, she walked to the elevator and waited for an eternity for it to arrive. As the door opened, her heart quickened and she hesitated for a moment before stepping in and pressing the number 3 button. Patiently she waited until it closed and then felt her stomach flutter as it ascended upward. 

Once again it seemed like hours before the door finally opened and she stepped out onto the carpeted floor. A quick glance at the arrow on the wall told her that room 304 was to her left … and she walked in that direction. Then she saw it. The gold plate with the number 304 engraved on it. Lexi looked at her watch once again and saw that it was now 10:03 AM and she hesitated for what seemed like an eternity before she raised her hand and struck the door tentatively with her knuckle. She had no intention of backing out now.

“Why does time pass so slowly.” She said to herself as she waited. Then, suddenly, the door opened and she looked up at the tall figure of a man. His blue green eyes seemed to warm her. “Hello Lexi … I was beginning to wonder if you were coming or not.” He was wearing dark sweat pants and a tee shirt that gave sharp contrast to his silver hair and dark tan. His voice was soft, yet deep and gentle. The smile on his face warmed her as he stepped back to allow her to enter. “Please … come in Lexi.”

Lexi entered without taking her eyes off of him and that smile. Then accepted his offer to help her with her coat, then waited as he hung it up. They faced each other for several moments before he spoke, opening his arms to her. “The very least I expected was a kiss Darling!”

She quickly moved into his open arms and immediately felt warm and safe in his grasp and their faces slowly met. Tentatively at first, then their mouths found each others and their lips met in a heated exchange of emotion. It had been some time since he had seen a woman of such beauty and earthy charm. Their tongues quickly met and then withdrew, only to return in their lusty duel. He felt her heaving breast press against his chest and held her tighter as their kisses grew to a blistering level before they parted.

She stepped back and her eyes became pools of ocean blue. Her soft features sharpened and he knew that she was as wanton as he was. “Alex … I want you! I want you now!” She whispered in her soft yet sensual voice. He sat on the edge of the bed and watched as she slowly removed her sweater revealing heavenly spheres contained in a delicate bra. He could see the hardened outline of her peaks beneath the material as she unsnapped her slacks and slipped out of them … letting them fall into a pool at her feet. What a striking sight she had presented him with. Her slim waist and comfortable hips accentuated by the matching thongs she wore. Her legs were silky and graceful, and he stared at her with growing lust and fire. 

Slowly she walked over to the bed and stood in front of him for a moment before bending down to meet his mouth with hers. Once again they parted. Lips wet with feeling. Tongues darting slowly back and forth. His large hands cupped behind her buttocks, giving her warmth and sensation. Her hands gripped his shoulders and she pushed him back on the bed, after which he moved up to the pile of soft clean pillows. But in spite of his quickness, she managed to pull his thongs down and then straddle his waist … feeling his firmness rest against the valley of her buttocks. Alex quickly removed his tee and then stared up at this lovely woman. 

“I never thought you would be so beautiful Lexi.” He whispered in a deep voice.

“Well that’s makes us even than Darling. You’re everything I had hoped for.”

Her words were no sooner out of her mouth when his fingers found the snap on her bra and he released the firm warmth of her breast. She bent down to allow him full access to her sensitive flesh and reveled in the sensation of his wet mouth on the erect nipples. His lips captured each one and held her gently while his warm tongue slowly brushed each captive piece of hardened flesh … sending shivers through out her beautiful body.

The tingle that radiated through her loins centered on her womanhood and she quickly became aware of the moisture seeping from her now swollen labia. She didn’t have to look to know that her blood-engorged clit was peeking out of the top folds of aroused flesh and she wanted to feel him there. She lifted her face and looked into his eyes.

“Do you feel as free at the moment as I do Alex?”

His smile answered her question. The wetness that dripped onto his stomach told him of her desire. At first she wasn’t sure, but then she felt his cupped hands beneath her buttocks gently urging her forward and she knew. She knew what she wanted and she knew that he wanted it too. 

Alex looked up at her as she moved with determination until he felt her hot inner thighs on either side of his face before she started to open herself and move down onto his waiting lips. As soon as he felt the hot wetness touch his lips, her heard her moan with anticipation. His fingers grasped her firm buttocks as his lips opened and his tongue darted out and into the crease of silkiness that awaited him. Her body jerked for a moment, then settled down and he felt her labia open to him. His tongue broadened as it started it wondrous path up the wet crease that was opening to him. Her smooth soft taste appealed to him and his appetite grew with each envision of her womanhood. 

She reached down and with her womanly fingertips opened her folds to allow him greater access. Her slow rocking motion grew to greater intensity with each passing minute until she felt the wave of release grow inside her. It was unlike anything before. His mouth was drawing her in and around his extended tongue and the friction against her clit was heavenly. Something was uttered from her lips, but indistinguishable as she found his hair with her fingers and pulled him into her. Her rocking motion increased when his lips found her erect clit and sucked at it with rapid firmness … his tongue beating it gently while being held captive between his fiery lips. Her hips grew restless as she moved back and forth across his face and she took control. 

On her untamed ride she felt his tongue move from the swollen wetness of her vagina to the forbidden valley of her buttocks and she reveled in it. Several times she moved forward and intentionally held her position, allowing his tongue to explore that prohibited place. But then the moment arrived when he returned to her drenched opening. She felt herself swell. He felt her labia pushing outward … covering his lips and then felt her release and the fluids that gushed from her … covering his face. She collapsed next to him and gently kissed his mouth, tasting herself in the process. 

They kissed for a long time before she realized the warm thickness that pressed against her leg. His lips nibbled at her ears and she whispered in her ear. The warm flow of his breath sending shivers throughout her lovely body. She felt her thighs quake as he nibbled at her neck … just below her ears and down to her shoulders. Soon she realized that he was atop her, and between her open legs. Her vagina still unfolded and saturated with her sexual milk. Lexi looked up at him and felt loved. Such a wonderful feeling she thought. Their bodies were coated with sweat as he looked down at her and then raised himself to his knees. Lexi looked at the thickness that he held in his hands and wanted so much to touch him, but her refused. He fondled himself allowing her to see the abundant head of his phallus and the thick shaft.

She watched as he lowered himself again and moved between her legs as she opened them wider. Then she felt the pressure of his thickness pressing against the wet fold of her vagina. It was but a moment before she could feel him slowly start to enter her. Inch by wonderful inch he pushed, bending down often to kiss her, or suck at her extended tongue. The fullness was so comforting … so searing … so wonderful, as he found wholeness deep within her flesh. They kissed as he pressed his mound against hers … wiggling his length inside her from side to side. “Oh I love you Baby!” He said breathing heavily.

And then her legs wrapped around his waist as he slowly and intentionally withdrew until the ridge of his penis was at the lips that held him. Moving ever so softly he let the crest of his penis taunt the lips of her vagina, then slowly moving in to complete depth. The tempo was altered from slow to partial withdrawal … Sometimes pulling all the way out … resting the thick head against her exposed labia … tightening his stomach muscles, making his phallus move with only his muscle control, watching her eyes … listening to her cries as his penis jerked around her slippery opening. Then suddenly plunging deep and unexpectedly to the hilt, watching her mouth open to gasp for air. 

“Several times he felt her tighten and knew that the quakes of orgasm had struck, but he wanted her to get on her hands and knees, which she did. Her ass was so fine and he fought off the temptation to explore it with his tongue as he moved behind her and after she positioned herself to his satisfaction, her entered her again. Strong hands grasped her waist and held her tightly. His erection was harder and started to jerk occasionally as his rhythm picked up. Finding deeper penetration and greater speed. He pushed her head and chest down on the pillows, elevating her buttocks and vagina as her stroked deeper and with force. Lexi felt him swell and knew that his time was drawing near. Harder and faster until she lost control of herself and felt wave after wave of electrical current shoot through out her body … then he penetrated her deep and held her waist tightly as he maintained his position inside her. 

It seemed an eternity of orgasmic delight as they danced the age old dance of woman and man as one. Their engorged organs were secreting a sweet lubricant that eased the alternating friction caused by each movement. He stopped long enough to raise her legs to his shoulders and then began to slowly enter her again. The hardened crest of his cock-head causing enjoyable friction as it massaged that special spot inside her. Her moans grew into barely audible screams as wave after of wave of feathery shock coursed through her hot body as she built one orgasm upon another. His hands grasped at her buttocks and pulled her closer allowing his penis it remain deep as he massaged her with greater intensity and strength.

Suddenly she felt him swell and his phallus grow harder. Soon it would be time and he would empty the fiery seed inside her waiting pulsating vessel. She tightened around him and moved with equal force as her final orgasm erupted. Spent … they both floated into space before collapsing in each other’s arms.

Both lay there breathing heavily as their mixed lust escaped from her pulsating vagina … covering them with a warm wetness that would quickly grow chilled in the ambient air. It was time to hold one another with great tenderness until the embers were once again given life and the fires once again started sweeping their dreamscape.