 Author's Note: I've been debating this for some time, but I finally decided to scrub this series down and resubmit them. I've grown a lot as a writer since I wrote these and look back on these with a touch of shame. I want to give them the look they deserve. To anyone that may have read them once upon a time, I've mostly changed grammar and punctuation. There was temptation to completely overhaul, but I felt that I shouldn't. Just clean them up and be done with it. Thanks for reading. 

-Nosebone

After I left Rachel's apartment, I stopped off to get some breakfast. After all the physical activity the night before I was extremely hungry. When I got into our house, there were two voice mails on the phone. The first was from 'Drea telling me that she wasn't going to be able to get a flight until 8 o'clock that night. That meant I had all day free to contemplate what had happened. The second voice mail was from Erin. She wanted to make sure I had made it home last night. I thought that was a little odd, as I was the designated driver, but maybe she was just checking up on me. She told me to give her a call and let her know when 'Drea was going to make it home.

I took a quick shower and changed into some shorts and a t-shirt. I sat back on the couch and flipped on the TV. I picked up the phone and dialed up Erin.

"Hello?"

"Erin, it's Brad," I said.

"Hey, what's up?"

"Not much just hanging out watching TV," I said.

"Oh really, when is 'Drea coming to home?"

"Not until 8. They still have storms where she is, plus they have all of the people from yesterday to get out as well. I feel bad for her, being stuck in the airport all day," I said.

"Yeah, me too. Do you have any plans for today while she's gone?"

"No not really," I said.

"Oh okay. I just called last night to check to make sure you made it home. I was surprised when you didn't answer. Where did you go after you dropped Rachel off?"

Uh oh. "What do you mean," I asked.

"I called a couple hours after you dropped me off. But you didn't answer," Erin said.

"I must have been asleep, because I came right home after I dropped her off," I said.

"Hmmm, that's odd. I walked by after I called and your car wasn't at the house," Erin said.

"What did you come by for? It had to be 2 in morning," I said.

"I just wanted to talk, and I thought you might still be awake. I know you can't sleep when 'Drea isn't home. I came by again later and you still weren't back. So really, where were you? I was really worried when I didn't see your car at your house," she said.

This was not going well. In the back of my mind I knew that something like this would happen.

"I helped Rachel with some stuff and we got to talking and I guess I must have been there longer than I thought," I replied trying to get a lid on this situation.

"Oh, Ok. That explains it. What did she need help with after midnight?"

Damn. This was making me nervous. What was she getting at, what would she say to 'Drea? I was beginning to realize I had more problems than just the emotional stuff with Rachel.

"She had a bunch of heavy boxes that she needed moving," I said.

"Oh, boxes. I see," Erin said. I was really anxious about what Erin must be thinking. "I was going to get by there today and see how 'Drea's interview went, but I guess if 'Drea isn't going to be home later, maybe I'll wait until tomorrow," Erin said.

"Sure, that's fine. Bye Erin," I said.

"Yeah, bye," she replied.

That conversation had gone bad. Erin was obviously suspicious. I could have moved Rachel completely out of her apartment in the amount of time I was trying to explain away to Erin. God, I hoped that this would not go any further than it already had.

I tried to focus on watching TV. About ten minutes later, I heard a knock at the door. I went to answer it and was shocked to see that it was Erin. Oh, shit I thought. Why was she here?

"Hey, I thought you weren't going to come over until later?"

"I thought if you were going to be here by yourself, and I was bored, why not come over and we could hang out together," she said with a devious smile. In truth, it was her normal smile.

"Uh, okay," I said. This was not unusual, she had been over before when 'Drea wasn't around. It was different that time with what had gone on the night before and her asking questions. I felt uneasy being alone with her.

"So, what are you watching," she asked.

"Just Sportscenter," I said.

"Oh okay," she said.

We both sat down on the couch. Erin reminded me a lot of Kate Winslet except with fiery, red hair. She was strikingly beautiful and had the most amazing green eyes. They were like emeralds. She was also about 5'11" to my own 5'8". I've always had a thing for taller girls. Which was surprising since 'Drea was only 5'3".

Erin was wearing a short skirt and top. She had her backpack with her, which was odd since school was over. When she had sat down on the couch she tucked one of her legs under her and was facing me. I was trying to watch the TV, but I couldn't help notice her watching me out of the corner of my eye.

She finally broke the silence, "So, you just got home thirty minutes ago. Where were you all night?"

"Why are you asking me all of this," I asked looking at her.

"I'm just curious, 'Drea is one of my good friends and I want to make sure nothing that would hurt her happened last night. Now where did you go after you left Rachel's?"

"I didn't go anywhere," I said far too defensively.

"You had to go somewhere, you weren't here. I think you've already admitted to that. I want to know where you went," she persisted.

"Erin, I don't think I have to explain myself to you," I said.

"Yeah, I think you do. Because right now it's just you and me talking. But tonight or tomorrow or next week, it will be 'Drea and me talking. If you just tell me, that will be the end of it," she said.

"Erin, I don't think I can tell you. It was...," I said.

"Go on. Just tell me. It will stay with me. I promise," Erin said.

I was caught. I now knew that despite all the feelings I had for her, I should never have slept with Rachel. I always knew I didn't have the personality to be unfaithful. Now 'Drea was going to find out. I was fucked.

"Brad, just tell me. Do you have another girl," Erin asked.

"No, not really," I said.

"Not really? What does that mean? Did you just pick someone up last night on the way home," she asked. She smiled at my discomfort.

"No, Erin it's just... I...," I stammered. I was a national champion powerlifter and Erin had me backed in corner like a little bitch.

"Oh no, you're kidding me, you were at Rachel's all night?"

The look on my face told her the answer.

"I have to admit, I'm not surprised. I've seen the way you look at her, and the way she looks at you. You two have a connection. We all saw it. 'Drea told me about your conversation about your feelings for Rachel," she said.

"What?"

"Brad, you just don't get it. We talk about everything. We all know everything about one another. 'Drea's not naïve. She saw the way you two act around one another. I saw it too, but I never said anything to 'Drea about it. Then when she told me about your conversation I told her what I thought, too. 'Drea loves you more than anything in the world, but she also cares deeply about Rachel. She told me she sometimes feels terrible because you're with her and not Rachel," Erin said.

"She does?"

"Yeah, that's what she told me. She also told me she was sure one day you and Rachel would hook up. She was surprised it hadn't happened already. What shocks me is Rachel. I never would have imagined she would do something like that. She seems so devoted to that sorry fucker she's marrying. So, did she put the moves on you, or was it you? This is probably all my fault after all the dirty talk in the car last night. She just had to see your cock, didn't she," Erin asked with a wicked laugh.

"No, it wasn't like that," I said.

"How was it then? Tell me. Did you gently make love to her or did you just pound her into submission," she asked.

"Erin, I don't think I should tell you," I replied.

"Oh, come on. You can tell me. I know you saw me fucking Tim that night at the party. You thought you got away with it, but I saw your reflection in mirror after you opened the door. You actually saw me in action. All I want is to hear about your little romp," she said.

"Okay. If it will get you off my ass," I said.

She slid over on the couch some more and waited for me to tell the story. When she did, her skirt slid up quite a bit. Since she still had one leg tucked under her, her legs were spread quite a bit. I glanced down, expecting to see her panties and I saw her bare pussy. I was amazed. She had to be doing this intentionally. She saw me looking and gave me a sly smile.

"Go on, tell me what happened. Every detail. I'm dying to know," she said.

"All right," I said. I was beginning to get agitated.

I told her every detail of what happened from the time Shonda and Liz got out of the car, until I got home an hour ago. Several times during the story, she fidgeted around on the couch. This gave me additional opportunities to look up her skirt at her pussy. She appeared to be shaved bare, too.

"Wow, Brad. I had no idea Rach had such a dirty side. That was so hot. You know she is probably never going to be happy with Derek. Especially now. She told me that he has a 4" cock. You should have seen the look on her face the first time 'Drea told us about you. She was so innocent and really had no idea that they came any bigger. I guess she knows now. You may have wrecked her wedding plans for good now. She can't possibly marry him after she told you she loved you and you used that big cock on her," she laughed.

"I don't know what she's going to do," I said.

"I still can't believe she wanted you to fuck her ass. She always sounded totally disgusted by it. Did you hurt her," she asked.

"No, I was really gentle with her," I replied.

"God, you are so different than any guy I have ever met," Erin said.

"Why?"

"Because you actually seem to care about the women you fuck, that's why," she smiled.

"I do," I insisted.

"Did you try to talk her out of marrying that piece of shit," Erin asked.

"No, I didn't try. Erin, I am so fucked up. I am in love with Rachel and 'Drea. I have two perfect women in my life and I can't be happy without either one of them. It really tears me up, but what can I do," I asked.

"I don't know either. I'm just glad you got to bang Rachel before she walked down the aisle. Granted, I am really surprised she went for it. That sounds like something I would do, not her," Erin said.

"Yeah," I agreed.

She moved around and spread her thighs a little more, allowing me an even better look at her pussy. With the sunshine coming in the windows, I could see a little moisture on her labia. She leaned back a little and stretched. When she was done stretching, she saw me looking at her and smiled again.

"Do you like that," she asked.

"What," I replied.

"Do you like what you're looking at?"

"Uh, yeah, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been doing that," I said.

"God, 'Drea is right about you. You're such a gentleman. Apologizing for looking up a girl's skirt, even after she has intentionally showed you the goods," Erin smiled.

"You were," I asked.

"Of course," she replied.

"Why," I asked.

"To see what you thought of it. I know you like them bare, just like Rachel knew. I have kept mine bare for over a year now. I love the way it feels," she smiled.

"It does look nice, Erin, but you shouldn't be showing it to me," I said. 

"Why not? It's not like it's the only one you've seen in the last 24 hours that didn't belong to your little doll 'Drea. I'm going to use your bathroom, be right back," she said.

She got up and grabbed her backpack before she walked down the hall towards the bathroom. I could not believe the things that were happening to me. I'd slept with Rachel and now Erin was sitting there showing me her pussy. I wished 'Drea was there to protect me from myself.

The bathroom door opened and I heard Erin coming back down the hall. Her footsteps sounded different than when she went in. She wasn't wearing heels, was she? When she rounded the corner, I received a tremendous shock. She was standing in the doorway in a lacy bra and panties with a garter belt and stockings. Everything was emerald green to match her eyes. She was also wearing 4" black patent heels. She looked so fucking hot.

"Erin, what are you doing? Why are you dressed like that," I asked.

"I'm here to fuck you. I thought that was obvious by now," she said.

"Erin, no I can't. Why do you want to do this," I asked.

"Why not? Now, I know you enjoy fucking your girlfriend's pals, so I want a little of what Rachel got," she said.

"No, it was different with Rachel. You even said 'Drea knew it was going to happen. I know I shouldn't have done it with her, but I can't have sex with you, too. Believe me, you look fucking great, but I really can't," I replied.

"Oh, okay. That's all very simple, isn't it," she asked.

She started to walk slowly and seductively towards me. She really did look fucking hot. With those heels she was so tall. As much as I wanted to, I could not take my eyes off her. Erin had the biggest breasts of all of 'Drea's friends. She was probably a D cup and then some. Her long legs were a work of art in those green stockings.

When she got to the couch she stopped right in front of me and put one hand on her hip.

"So, you're sure you don't want some of this," she asked.

My mouth had become uncomfortably dry. "Yeah I'm sure," I croaked.

"Okay, I guess I can respect that. I thought for sure the lingerie would do it when showing you my pussy didn't work. 'Drea said how much you enjoyed fancy under things," Erin said.

She walked over and sat down next to me. She swung one of her legs around and up on the couch then she leaned back onto the oversized pillows that were on the arms.

"You know I never really thought about wearing this kind of stuff. I always thought that just getting naked was enough, but I do feel really sexy dressed like this. I feel like a big Christmas gift just waiting to be unwrapped. Do you like the way I look," she asked.

I just stared at her and nodded my head. Her hands were on her knees as she lay there with her legs spread towards me. She began to rub her hands up and down her stocking covered thighs.

"Oh, they feel so silky. 'Drea told me where she gets all of her stockings. I decided to get some for a special occasion," she continued. "I always thought she was crazy when she told how turned on she got when she wore stockings. She was right, they really do feel great. I bet you'd love to touch them, wouldn't you?"

Again, I nodded dumbly.

"I am going to have to get more of these to wear to work now that I'll have dress respectably every day. Well, I'll be respectable on the outside at least." She winked at me. Her hands were slowly making their way up to the tops of her stockings. She was running her fingers over the straps and touchy her milky white thighs.

"You will probably be thinking about me wearing stockings everyday to work I'm sure. You'll probably also wish you had fucked me hard when you had the chance. I really don't want you to regret it," she added.

Her hands were now just inches away from her panty-covered pussy. She was staring at me with those deep green eyes. She licked her red lips.

My will power was crumbling like a dry leaf. I could feel my cock stir in my shorts. I was rapidly getting an erection.

She saw that she was having an effect on me. Her hands were working slow circles on her crotch. Her lacy panties were sheer enough I could see her labia through them.

"I'm really turned on and since you won't help a girl out, I am going to do myself right here on your couch. You don't mind do you," she asked.

I couldn't answer her. It was taking all of my physical strength to keep myself from jumping on her and giving her what she came over for.

She used her left hand to pull her panties to the side, and her right hand slowly moved to touch her lips.

"Oh, I am really wet. Did Rachel get really wet last night," she asked.

I nodded.

"I bet she did. I bet she has been wet for you for a long time. I have been too," Erin teased.

My cock was now completely at attention. Erin glanced at it. "Wow, it looks really big. Too bad I can't see it," she pouted.

I noticed she had slid towards me a little. The leg she had on the couch was now on the backrest and her sexy 4" heel was getting close to my head. She kept inching closer to me while she kept rubbing her pussy. Soon her ass was pressed up against my thigh, and one of her long legs was draped over my lap. The other was behind my head on the back of the couch. I now had a front row seat to this live sex show I found myself in. She was alternating rubbing her pussy and her nipples through the lacy bra.

"Mmmm, I love to touch myself. Do you masturbate a lot," she asked.

"Occasionally," I replied.

"'Drea keeps your balls empty for you doesn't she? I wish I could empty them for you. I want to see one of those big loads she says you have. I love to see guys cum. I like to feel it in me and on me," she said.

"Mmm, so good. I sometimes sit around my apartment and rub myself all day. I just love to do it. I love to make myself cum. I love the smell of my pussy, and the taste. I love to suck a guy's cock after he's fucked me, especially if it's covered in both of our juices," she continued the tease.

My cock was twitching in my shorts. She slipped two fingers deep in her pussy.

"Oooo, that feels nice," she said. She pulled her fingers out and slipped them in her mouth. "Oh god I love the way that tastes. I'm surprised that I'm not bi sometimes."

She slipped her fingers back into her pussy again and held them out to me. "Want a little taste?"

My resolve was just about gone. I could smell her sweet scent and it overpowered my senses. I leaned down and gently licked her fingertips.

"See, I told you that was good. Let me get you some more," she offered.

As she offered me a second helping of her nectar, I felt her silky leg moving in my lap. I soon felt it rubbing against my hard cock. I knew I was a goner. My hands moved to her silky leg. They were the same brand of reinforced heel and toe 100% nylon stockings that 'Drea wore. Oh, 'Drea, how would I ever be able to face her again?

As I ran one of hands up and down her long legs, my other hand joined hers in her crotch. She smiled, "I knew you'd come around"

"I can't help fucking help myself. I may ruin my life over it, but I have to have you," I said

"Mmmm, everything will be ok. Don't worry about it. Now get your shorts off and let me see that cock," she said.

I did as she asked. When I had them off I leaned back and she groaned. "Oh wow. That is big. I've seen them that big in porn but never in person. How does a little gal like 'Drea handle that big fucker?"

I shrugged. She sat up a little so she could get her hands on it. "I can't get over how thick it is. It's going to feel so good," she said.

She rolled off the couch and then straddled my lap. I was face to face with those gorgeous melons of her. I looked up at her, before she gave me a long lingering kiss.

"I'm going to make you glad you did this," she said.

I hope so, I thought, because the guilt might drive me crazy.

I ran my hands up and down her sides. Her body was extremely tight. I often ran into her at the gym when I was lifting, so I knew she took good care of her self. My hands found her breasts and I kneaded them through her bra. I was happy to see that it had a front clasp. I let them out as we continued to kiss. I broke our kiss long enough to admire them. They were perfectly round, milky white and capped by wonderful pink nipples. I caught her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. She threw her head back as I rubbed them.
