 The wheel of the book cart squeaked as it rolled across the beige floor tiles. I was alone on the 6th floor and the silence was still eerie even after working here two years. I turned the timer for the light, giving myself about 20 minutes, and parked the cart at the center of the aisle. 

I began shelving books distractedly. The library keeps the temperature low throughout the building to help preserve the books, and I had forgotten to bring a sweater. The chill trickled throughout my body, coming up the backs of my bare legs to my thighs, covered loosely by the silky fabric of my skirt and moving up through my chest, causing my nipples to harden beneath the thin cotton of my blouse. It was moments like this - alone and bored - when my mind couldn't help but wander. While one hand reached up to place a book on the high shelf, I let my fingers dip discreetly below the scoop of my neckline. My pink fleshy bud-like nipples grew harder, becoming clearly visible through my shirt. I peeked through the shelves around me to make sure there was no one else on the floor.

I tried to concentrate on shelving the books again, but it was difficult to stay focused. Lust began to ache between my legs and I began to wonder how much I might be able to get away with alone in the stacks. I allowed my right hand to graze my naked thigh, testing the hem of my skirt. Inching upward while stealing glances every few seconds to make sure my privacy wasn't at risk. 

My hand had traveled as far as where my inner thigh met the gentle lace trim of my panties when I heard footsteps enter the room. I quickly pulled my hand out from beneath my skirt and frantically smoothed the fabric down. My nipples were still firm, but there was nothing I could do about that.

I turned and saw a dark silhouette of a man through the shelves walk down an aisle two away from the one I was in. I turned back to my work and tried to act as though nothing had happened. I continued shelving books, but I had a strange feeling of being watched. I could feel this person's eyes watching me and I listened closely. He cleared his throat, but I could not hear him pulling any books from the shelves. I wondered if he had seen me - if he had known what I had been doing - but it was impossible. I had been shielded by the bookshelves and he had not come any closer than 10 feet from me.

I decided to try to ignore him and finish my work. The cold air was hitting me straight on, freezing the tips of my fingers, and I was anxious to get back to my desk. I pulled a ladder closer to reach the top shelf and carefully climbed up, my kitten-heeled shoes gently clacking on the steps. As I reached the second step, the timer for the light clicked off, startling me. I began to step backward down the ladder when I felt a warm hand wrap around my right calf just below the knee and the hem of my skirt. I snapped my head around only to be confronted by a dark faceless man. With the light off, it was nearly pitch black with just a little light seeping through from either end of the aisle. 

"Excuse me... " I began. I was shocked, confused. I didn't know what I should do or how I should react.

"Shh..." he whispered deeply as he slid his right hand up my thigh, gently massaging my leg just below the curve of my ass. His thumb began to venture to the already damp cotton of my panties while his other hand began moving up my left leg.

I knew that I should tell him to stop, to scream for help, to run away, something. But I didn't want to. His hands felt amazing against my skin. A shiver moved through me but it wasn't from the cold air. I slowly stepped all the way down to the floor, off the ladder completely except for my hands which needed to give me some support or my legs would have just given out beneath me. His hands moved over the smooth mounds of my ass to my hips and then he pulled his left from beneath my skirt and slipped it beneath my blouse to my eagerly waiting breasts while his right hand moved below the waist of my increasingly dampening panties.

I couldn't believe this was happening. I was nervous before when I was touching myself, but now nothing else seemed to matter.

His gentle fingers nimbly massaged my nipples as he squeezed my breast in his strong hand. His other fingers were working just as well down below as he alternated between rubbing the pink pearl beneath my panties and sliding along my slick wet lips, slipping easily into and out of my wet hole. Both his hands moved to my hips, slowly sliding my panties down, over my ass down to my ankles and then, one at a time, off my feet. At this point my pussy was screaming for his cock. I heard his pants unzip and suddenly felt the tip of his cock slide between my legs. He moved back and forth, slowly, teasing me. I wanted him inside me so badly. I began moaning and pressed my ass into him.

And then, as if he knew that I had had enough of his teasing, he pressed his hard shaft deep into me with one quick thrust. I let out a quick, low gasp. The wet walls of my pussy wrapped tightly around his cock as he began to move in and out of me. My grip on the handles of the step ladder tightened as his thrusting became deeper and harder. We were like a machine, his piston moving deep inside me.

I couldn't contain myself any longer and my moans overcame me. I was sure the entire library could hear us fucking but I didn't care. I could feel my orgasm rising within me and I could tell he was close too. And then my entire body tensed and I could feel the warmth flowing though my body. My pussy tightened around his throbbing cock just as he came deep inside me. 

We paused then, standing there with my hands still gripping the ladder and his arms wrapped around me. He slid out of me then and leaned in close, gently kissing the nape of my neck. He stepped back and I turned around to face him, finally, and look into the eyes of the man who had just filled me so completely. We were still in the dark and I could only make out the faintest line of a nose, the curve of a lip, and a slight reflection in his eyes. He kissed me on the lips and then whispered "Goodbye" softly into my ear. He turned and nonchalantly walked away.

I was in a daze, just standing there trying to comprehend what had just happened. By the time my senses returned to me, I realized my panties were somewhere on the floor. I carefully pulled them on, smoothed down my skirt, fixed my hair, and tried to remember what it was that I had been doing there in the first place. I went to the end of the aisle to turn the light back on and I peeked to see if the man was still there. There was no sign of him, but I could hear his footsteps moving down the stairs. I debated whether or not I should go running down the stairs to get a look at his face, but I decided against it. I turned around and went back to shelving books as though nothing had happened.