 Jake sighed as he stared across the bar. This wasn't supposed to happen.

He knew when he came to Madison to teach the summer quarterback camp that this could happen. Well, in theory anyway. But seriously, what were the chances? Of all the bars in this town, why would she be here...tonight. Then again, of all the camps in the south east, why would his boss choose the one in Madison? 

He cursed under his breath and finished his drink. This wasn't supposed to happen. Yet, here he was. In the one place where the impossible could suddenly be possible. 

He had gotten through the entire week with no problems. At least that's what he told himself. In truth, he thought of calling her every day. But, he had managed to stay busy with his boys on the field all day. And at night, though that was when he was most tempted, he had managed to stay just busy enough with the other coaches to avoid calling her. Late night poker and early morning drills were taking their toll. But, the week was over. He could go home now and relax until summer practice started in two weeks. Tonight was just a few beers out with the guys, a chance to bullshit and tie one on before heading back to their ordinary lives. 

Of course, the other coaches had all left an hour or so ago. He sat watching her and drowned himself in memories of them. She was his best friend, his number one fan, his biggest supporter. She knew what he was thinking and feeling before he did most of the time. Of course, things hadn't been perfect. They had fought. They had hurt each other. But, looking at her now, all he could remember were the good times.

He heard her laugh and looked back across the bar. She was out with four or five other girls. It was her monthly "girls night out" fling. He had talked her through many such nights. "Be careful, baby....Call me when you head home....Missin me already, darlin?....I love it when you call me, baby, you're never a bother...Mmmmm, I wish I could dance with you, too....Talk to me on your way home, I wanna be sure you get in OK....I love you, baby."

He had fought every day he had been here to not call her. Just as well. There was no reason for her to know he was in town. They had agreed not to talk anymore. No chatting on line, no phone calls, no emails. Nothing. It was really over this time. At least that's what Jake told himself as he watched her from across the bar. But, on the other hand, they had left so much unsaid. What would she want him to do? How would she feel knowing how close they had come to meeting? What would she think if she knew he was here, watching her, aching for her?

Jake sat on the bar stool nursing another drink. He wished at that moment that he had sent her a picture of him. That way she would recognize him. She would know it was him sitting there. Then he wouldn't be here trying to decide if he should talk to her or not. He didn't like feeling like fate was placing such a monumental decision on his shoulders. 

As it got late and the bar started to wind down, Jake watched as Andie excused herself from her friends and headed towards the back where the restrooms were. In a split second, his decision was made, and he got up to follow her. 

He walked inside the men's restroom and waited by the door. He heard the door across the hall open and saw her emerge. He stepped out and for the first time ever, their eyes locked. He was speechless as he stood there looking at her. As she moved to walk away in the small hallway, their arms brushed. He opened his mouth to speak, but his voice wouldn't work. 

"Andie?" His mouth was dry. The word came out as a whisper. 

He watched as she continued to walk, never looking back. Suddenly, he came to his senses and moved quickly up the hall to catch her. As he entered the main room, he watched as she met up with her friends by the door and walked out.

He released the breath he hadn't even realized he'd been holding. He turned and sat back at the bar, his chest feeling heavy as he realized she was gone. Just like that, she had slipped away...again.

********************

Andie was having a wonderful time. She had been drinking and dancing and laughing for hours. 

Somewhere in the haze, she knew that she wasn't quite herself. She knew that she missed him, and that normally she'd be stealing moments away from her friends to call him and tell him how much she missed him and how badly she wanted him here with her to dance and hold her close. 

But, that didn't matter anymore. That was all over. And tonight, come hell or high water, she was living it up and having the time of her life. She ignored the nagging feeling that someone was watching her, and partied like she hadn't in months. Surprisingly, it was working.

It was getting late and Andie yelled to a friend that she was hitting the bathroom before they got ready to leave. Her friend made a move to follow her and Andie waved her off. 

"I've got this one covered," she laughed. She had never been a fan of storming the bathrooms en masse. She came out of the bathroom and turned to head towards her friends waiting for her at the door. She brushed past someone in the hallway and looked up, locking eyes with him for just a moment. She frowned as she turned away. She had never seen him before, yet his eyes were so familiar to her. He looked at her as if he knew her so well.

Her step faltered for a moment and then she kept walking as she heard a whisper, "Andie?"

No. No way. Not possible. It had been weeks since they had last spoken. She never looked back as she reached the door. She slipped her coat on and walked out the door, afraid of her life unraveling if it was true... 

She said her goodbyes and slipped into the car. She put the key in the ignition and went to turn the key. Instead, she dropped her hand from the ignition and laid her head on the steering wheel. "It's him," she whispered to herself. She had never even seen a picture of him, but she could never miss the huskiness in his voice. He looked just as she had always pictured him, and as she sat in the car, tears began to run down her cheeks. She sat in the car, afraid to move. Afraid to drive away and leave everything between them undone. Afraid to go inside and finish what was started months ago.

With shaking hands, she wiped at her tears and got out of the car. She walked to the bar and pushed the door open as her knees trembled beneath her, threatening to not carry her. She slowly looked around for the man she had met in the hallway. He was gone. 

"Damn," she whispered to herself. She felt tears threatening again as she turned to leave. 

But, then she saw him. He was sitting on the deck in the back, alone. He was drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette, leaning on the rail and staring into the night at nothing.

********************

As the door closed behind her, he turned and their gazes locked. It seemed like forever that they just stood there staring at each other, hearing everything that needed to be said in the silence.

Without saying a word, Jake put his glass down and walked slowly towards Andie. Her heart was racing as he reached for her and pulled her close, his eyes burning with an intensity she had never imagined him to possess. He brought his hand up and tangled it in her hair, holding her in place as his lips slowly and softly lowered to hers.

With a soft moan, she gave herself to him. He knew at that moment that everything in the coming minutes would make things between them right. He kissed her softly, running his tongue along the seam of her lips. As her lips parted, he quickly took possession of her mouth. He drew her into the kiss, his tongue dancing around hers. She let her tongue meet his, and as he felt her begin to respond to him, a hunger he had never known enveloped them.

As they continued to kiss, he began to walk her backwards until he backed her against the wall. He grabbed both of her wrists in one of his hands and pinned them above her head, her breasts thrust towards him. He cupped them and squeezed them through her shirt, hearing her moan into his mouth before beginning to unbutton her shirt. He opened the clasp on her bra and exposed her breasts to the hot, humid, summer night air. He dipped down to suck a nipple into his mouth, biting at it and then soothing it with his tongue. As he moved to her other breast, she arched her back gasping for air.

She couldn't get enough of him. She wanted him closer to her, wanted to feel him, smell him, taste him. She was frantic for him as she felt him work her nipples in and out of his mouth. He continued to hold her in place as his other hand ran over her jeans. She felt the buttons come undone and he eased his hand into the front of her jeans, playing with the lacy seam of her panties. He ran a finger down over the lips of her swollen, hot pussy through her panties. He felt how wet her panties were and then eased a finger inside of her, taking her wet panties with him. She gasped for air and unconsciously began to thrust her hips on his finger. He took his finger from her pussy and ran it up to her clit. He used the silk of her panties to rub circles over her clit while he watched the pleasure and agony play across her face.

She shamelessly thrust her hips at him, begging for release. He slowly eased her panties down to her knees, then ran his hand up the inside of her thigh, feeling her tremble all over at his touch. He cupped her pussy in his hand, then rubbed his finger up and down her slit, her hot pussy juice running over his fingers and down to his hand. He watched her face as he eased a finger deep inside her. She gasped and cried out. She arched her back and thrust at him again as he slowly began to fuck her with his finger. He worked her pussy, thrusting into her steadily, slowly picking up the pace. His palm worked against her clit as his fingers fucked her harder and deeper. Her breath became ragged and deep, and as she started to come, he covered her mouth with his swallowing her cries as her pussy clamped down on his fingers and spilled her juices down her leg.

He softly kissed her as she came down from her orgasm. He could feel his hard cock pressing into her stomach, and as she came down she became aware of it, too. She opened her eyes and looked at him as he kissed her cheeks, her eyelids, her chin...

She gently pulled at her wrists and he let her pull them free. She looked at him as she sank down the wall. He stared at her, the hunger in his eyes evident, She was quite a picture with her jeans around her ankles and her shirt open, her bra undone and her breasts free. She spread her knees as she looked up at him, rubbing his cock through his jeans. He left his hands planted on the wall where she had pulled her wrists free, holding himself up as she pulled his jeans and boxers down. 

She stroked him up and down before taking her tongue and circling the head of his cock. Then she wrapped her lips around the head and sucked off the precum that had gathered there. She began to move her hot and wet mouth up and down on his long shaft. She let one hand drop to play with his balls, stroking them and lightly raking her nails over them as she took him deeper and deeper into her mouth with each thrust. She felt him take one hand and wrap it into her hair and with a moan he began to fuck her face in earnest. She opened her mouth wide and sucked him harder as she took him in and he fucked her faster. 

She was still pulling on his balls and sucking him hard when it suddenly became too much for him to bear. She felt him grab her by the arms and lift her roughly. She looked at him and saw that his teeth were grinding together as he lifted her into the wall and quickly impaled her with his hot, hard, throbbing cock. She cried out as she took him deep inside her in one thrust. And then she melted as he began to drive inside her deeper and deeper, pinning her to the wall and fucking her hard. 

She felt herself beginning to lose all control, trembling all over as her orgasm built inside her. With a sob, she cried out and began to come all over his cock. He covered her mouth with his hand and drove deep inside her one more time before joining her. He groaned as he felt his hot cum splash in her pussy. As they slowly came down, she could feel his cum seeping out of her pussy and running down her leg.

"Andie.." she heard him whisper. She reached up and kissed him softly on the lips, then placed her finger there and lightly shook her head.

They left that night with no other words spoken between them. Everything that had been left unsaid was spoken with their bodies. Many people would say that it was tragic that Jake and Andie never saw each other again. But, for them, it was OK. They always knew that their time would come to an end. And this bittersweet ending was more than either of them ever hoped for. Because somewhere in the silence and the passion...everything between them was resolved.