 Have you ever been to a party...Drink in hand, chatting with pals..and feel a surge of electricity run down your spine almost like someone touched you? You turn around, but no one is there? 

You brush it of with a shrug and turn back to the conversation...a few minutes later you feel it again.. you run your hand across the back of your neck...you turn again..and there across the room...I stand.. I look directly into your eyes..you see me...I am wearing a black dress with thin straps, and heels..My hair is long and wavy..my lips red.. I look at you and smile.. you smile back.. I signal you with my eyes..towards the patio door..then walk through the crowd and then slip out the doors into the garden..

You hesitate for a moment..wondering..with drink in hand you decide to check it out... Out on the deck, you hesitate.. you see me enter the gardens...you walk down the path following my footsteps, the gravel crunching under your feet. You walk towards the gazebo that is in the back of the gardens.. You smell me.. my perfume mingles with the flowery scent of rose, lily, and lavender...A spicy musky scent mixed with vanilla.. You enter the shadows of the gazebo..your eyes adjusting to the dark.. and there in the shadows I sit on a bench..waiting for you

you sit next to me and I lean towards you.. and kiss you softly... I press into you..and kiss you harder.. my tongue licking your lower lip..and urgent kiss...No words are spoken.. I quickly reach down and open your pants.. my hand sliding down the front to caress you as I kiss you...I feel you getting harder at my touch...I open the buttons of your shirt..and run my fingers through the crisp hair of your chest.. I kiss your nipples and chest..my tongue circling them..You continue to kiss me running hot kisses down my neck and throat..over my shoulders..You peel the straps of my dress down over my shoulder..exposing my breasts...they are pale in the darkness..full..they grow hard with excitement as you take one into your mouth and suckle on the tip.

I moan with delight..my hands now urging your pants down over your hips..Your hands trail down my back to my hips and thighs..you edge the dress up towards my hips..I am not wearing any panties...this excites you as you move to kneel before me.. your kisses trail up my inner thigh..my musky scent driving you wild.. your cock hardens as you kiss the folds of my hot and ready cunt.. my hands and fingers trail through your hair as I arch my back and moan with pleasure.."oohh!".. my hand massaging my breast as your treat me to firey licks with your tongue..I grab your shoulders and pull you up towards me.. I want you!

I am hot and ready for you.."Please!" I lay back on the bench as you prop yourself to enter me.. you bend kissing me and then again down towards my breast...I feel your hot breath on my tits..It is exciting.. I grab your hips and pull you forward..You rub your cock against my clit....back and forth against it..making it hard.. You then shove yourself fully into me..My pussy is hot and throbs around you..squeezing you as you thrust into me...You sit for a moment, enjoying my wet heat..soaking your cock with my juices.. my legs come up around your hips and lock around you.. You pull out..with the tip of your cock at the opening of my wetness..then you move into me half way, grinding your hips against me as you push yourself into my pussy...my arms caressing your shoulders, you suck and bite my breasts.. kiss my lips then thrust into me again.

Your hands reaching under my butt to give you more leverage...you thrust into me again..hot and hard! in and out..with such fervent need...I hear you groan as you suck in your breath.."oh yes" you say with your teeth clenched.. Your cock thobbing, hot and seeking release..muscles straining as you ram your hot rod into me..my clit is on fire..You thrust hard, my tits bounce with each thrust..you jam yourself into me ..hard.. I feel you your muscles tense as you you breath heavy into my neck..my hands caressing your back. 

My hand caresses your cheek..I look into your eyes.. "cum for me baby!" I whisper.. You look at me as you thrust even harder..I feel you..you balls slapping my ass..your muscles tightening in your shoulders, legs and ass..."cum please!" I beg!! I hit my peak and cry out.. a few more hard thrusts inside me and your mine.. You cum with a savage cry...a curse upon your lips..your mouth at my neck as you catch your breath..

You rise from me..and kiss me again...we quickly straighten our clothes without a word... I stand, adjust my dress and fix my hair.. then leave the gazebo to head back to the house.. your drink sits on the floor beside you...you reach for it..finish it off in a shot... You go back to the house...look for me...no one has seen me...you sit..looking out into the gardens...wondering if what just happened really did??