 When I woke up Sunday morning, I was alone in bed. 'Drea and I shared a wonderful night of sex and fell asleep in one another arms. I got up and stretched. It was almost 9:00 in the morning. I walked to the bathroom and saw a note attached to the mirror. It read:

Hey baby,

Gone for a bit. Be back soon. Don't go to the gym this morning, ok? 

Love,

'Drea

As I read the note, I wondered where the hell she was. I brushed my teeth and walked back to the bedroom. I saw that she'd picked up Erin's panties from where they had lain since she threw them on the floor last night. I decided maybe she had gone to confront Erin. Poor Erin, I thought, she was probably getting her ass chewed out right now.

Since it looked like I wasn't going to make my workout at the gym, I made a call to my partners to let them know I wasn't going to be there. After I took the usual abuse about being a pussy and needing to get my manhood back from 'Drea, I took a shower and got dressed.

'Drea came home a little before 10.

"Hey, babe where have you been," I asked.

"I think you probably know, don't you?" She was wearing a tight tank top and denim shorts. She looked really good. But then again if she had been dressed in nun uniform, I would have thought she looked good.

"I have an idea where you've been, but I wasn't sure." I gave her a sheepish grin.

"I was seeing our slutty red-headed friend," she replied.

"And?"

"Like I said last night, that's between me and her."

"'Drea, you can't do that. I have to know. Did you yell at her," I asked.

"Don't give me that shit. Do you have feelings for her too? Or did you just like fucking her," she asked with a wicked smile on her face.

"Baby, I won't lie, she was a great fuck, but no, I just wanted to know what she said."

"Ok, I guess I'll tell you. Like we ever keep anything from one another anyway. I'll say one thing, she was scared shitless when I knocked on her door at 7:00 o' clock this morning with those green panties in my hand," she laughed.

"I bet she was," I said, trying to imagine the look on Erin's face.

"After I told her about how pissed off I was and she apologized, cried, begged me for forgiveness, and cried some more, I told her I forgave her," 'Drea continued.

"What did she say then?"

"I don't think she believed me at first, but I think she finally understood. Then we talked about Rachel and you," she added.

"What?"

"She was wondering how I was going to deal with that as well."

"Did you tell her everything," I asked.

"Yeah, I did. Since she's a bridesmaid, I need to get her in on our plan for the wedding day, don't I?"

"I guess so. What did she think?"

Her wicked smile returned. "She's in on it. She said she wanted to watch!"

"She did?"

"Yeah, I told her that she would have to ask Rachel and you about that," 'Drea laughed.

"Wow."

"She's such a whore," she laughed.

I had to smile when she said that. "Yeah, I guess so."

'Drea raised an eyebrow at me, "Don't give me that, you horny fucker. You knew she was a whore just like I did. Don't act like it was a real shock. I'm still amazed you got Rachel in bed before you did Erin. Erin has wanted to fuck you for a long time. She told me that this morning. She gave you every sign in the world. I can't believe you can be so dense sometimes."

"Babe, I'm sorry, but all of these 'obvious' hints are not so obvious," I replied.

"Brad, you have Rachel, that is so obviously in love with you, she was ready to throw her life and a really good friendship away, and you missed that until it was almost too late. Then you have Erin that just couldn't wait to have you between her legs, and she gave you every sign in the world. That's just too funny. But I still love you," she said.

"I'm glad for that," I said as I took her small frame in my arms. I loved how she felt so small next to me.

"You better be. Not too many guys get the chance to bang two of their girlfriend's friends in a weekend and live to tell about it," she laughed.

"No, I guess they probably don't. But I've been thinking about something, 'Drea," I said.

"About what, exactly?"

"About that girlfriend thing," I replied.

"And?"

"Baby, I really love you, and I know that things have really been weird the last few days, but I don't want you to be my girlfriend anymore," I continued.

"What?" She had a look of total confusion on her face.

"'Drea, will you marry me?"

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah, I am. Will you," I persisted.

"Why now?"

"Babe, I have been thinking about it for a few months. You're the best thing that has ever happened to me. I know this all seems pretty fucked up considering all the things that I've done this weekend, but I do really love you, and I want to be your husband, if you'll have me. I know you told me that I could still be with Rachel, but I'll give that up too, to have you marry me," I said.

She looked up at me with tears in her eyes. "Brad, I, uh, I'll marry you. You know I will. What I told you last night still goes. You love her, too. But you'll be my husband."

"Okay, baby. I just want you to know, that if it ever bothers you, I want you to tell me and I'll deal with it. I couldn't handle you not being in my life," I said holding her close to me.

"I will. I promise. Now take me to bed and make love to me big boy," she said.

*******

Later that day, we were sitting on the couch. I was holding 'Drea and feeding her strawberries as we talked about potential wedding plans. I was prepared for the fact that it would be quite an event, given her family's financial situation. I tried to imagine her family meeting some of my weightlifting buddies.

The doorbell rang.

"That's probably Rachel." 'Drea said.

"Yeah, it probably is," I agreed. I stood and walked to the door. When I got to the door, I saw her through the glass. She looked really nervous, but then again, so was I. I opened the door and was greeted with the most amazing smile.

"Hi, Brad," Rachel said.

"Hi, Rachel, come in."

She walked in slowly, our eyes were locked together. When I finally closed the door, she looked towards 'Drea. The nervousness returned.

"Hi, 'Drea."

"Hello, Rachel," 'Drea said. She had a very peculiar smile on her face.

"'Drea, I came over today so we could talk, all of us," Rachel said as she looked at me. "But I don't really know how to begin."

'Drea being the dignified girl she was, patted the couch next to her. "Come here and sit down, honey. Everything will be okay. You're not here for a firing squad or anything, okay?"

Rachel looked back at me and I smiled. She smiled back and seeing me walking towards the couch, decided that maybe things were going to be all right. I sat down, with Rachel between 'Drea and I.

'Drea looked at both of us and gave us one of her characteristic mischievous smiles. "I never thought I would ever be in a situation like this, but I am. Rachel, I know everything that has happened this weekend. Brad cracked and told me everything. I told him, and I will tell you the same thing. I knew this would happen. I saw the way you look at one another and I know how you feel about each other. He loves you the same way he loves me. I could freak out and hate both of you, but I can't. I love you both too much to do that. But I am going to make you the same offer that I made Brad last night. I am going to give you the opportunity to be together in spirit and in body when you can with my blessing," she said.

Even though I'd told Rach about it the previous night, hearing 'Drea say it still took her by surprise.

"'Drea, you can't mean that. I don't understand how you could offer me that. I feel like shit because we betrayed you in the worst way," Rachel said.

'Drea took her hand. "Rach, I do mean it. Honey, he loves you and you love him. I can't deny you two of that relationship. It hurt me initially, but honey I know how you both feel. I am okay with it. I want you two to be together. But I want you both to remember this. Above all else he belongs to me. If there is ever a situation where he has to choose, he has to choose me. I don't want that to ever happen, but that's my rule."

Rachel was dumbfounded. "'Drea, I don't know what to say."

"I know it's a shock, but I want you to know that I love you both so much and I want you both to be happy. If I keep Brad to myself, I don't think either one of you will be happy. Even with what you shared Friday night," 'Drea's eyebrows arched wickedly.

Rachel was caught between embarrassment and disbelief. She looked at me and then back at 'Drea. "I guess Brad told you everything," she asked.

"Yes, he did. And I am glad he did. I felt better about it, knowing that you shared the kind of experience that he and I share," 'Drea said.

Rachel looked down at her hands folded in her lap. "'Drea, I still don't know how to react to all of this."

"Rachel, I know, think about it if you need to. Just know this, if you obey my one rule, you'll always have my blessing." 'Drea leaned over and they hugged.

'Drea stood up, "Anybody else want a glass of wine?"

Rachel was still trying to absorb what she had been told, "Uh, yeah sure."

"Yeah babe, want me to get it?" I said.

"No, no. I'll get it."

After 'Drea left the room, Rachel looked over at me.

"What do you think about all of this?"

"Rachel, I love both of you and honestly I don't think I'll ever be happy with out both of you in my life," I said.

"You really do feel that way?"

"Yeah I do. I know it's totally fucked up and all, but that's really the way I feel," I said.

"Brad, I love you too." She took my hand. "But this is just so damn weird. I am getting married to another man in a few weeks, and now my best friend has given me permission to have an affair with her boyfriend." She paused. "I don't know how this will work. I don't want to ever come between you and 'Drea. She's the best friend I've ever had." She began to sob. I put my arm around her and pulled her close to me.

"Baby, I don't know how everything will work out either. But I promise you, I will always love you. I think we can continue to love one another and still respect 'Drea's wishes, too."

"You think so?"

"Yeah, babe, I do. I would really like to try," I said.

"So, would I, but really what about you and 'Drea's future?"

"That's kind of funny, actually," I smiled.

"Why?"

"I asked her to marry me this morning," I replied.

"You did? What did she say," Rachel asked.

"Thankfully, she said yes."

"That's great," Rachel smiled with enthusiasm.

'Drea walked back in to the room with our wine.

"'Drea, Brad told me the other good news."

"He did? It was a bit of a shock given everything that has happened the last few days. But I think he'll be a good husband, don't you," 'Drea said.

"Yeah, I think he will," Rachel replied. They were both looking at me.

"I guess I'm going to be married to both of you in a way," I said.

They both laughed at that. We all took a few sips of our wine.

"Brad, you didn't kiss her when she walked in," 'Drea said.

"No, babe, I didn't," I answered.

"If she's okay with it, I think you should. I might as well see you do it. I need to know for sure that I'll be all right with you two being intimate," 'Drea said.

Rachel looked at 'Drea and then at me. We sat our wine glasses down and I wrapped my arms around her as our lips met gently. We opened our mouths and our tongues met, devouring one another. I was hit by a sudden pang of guilt. I opened my eyes and looked at 'Drea sitting next to us. As if she could read the expression on my face, she smiled and nodded. I closed my eyes and went back to sharing the beautiful kiss with Rachel. Our hands roamed over one another. One of my hands slid down her bare arm and side to her bare thigh. As I held her close, my hand began to rub up and down her silky thigh.

I opened my eyes again and looked at 'Drea. She mouthed the word, "WOW." Which was exactly how I felt. I couldn't believe I was making out with Rachel right in front of 'Drea. I eased Rachel back against the couch and began kissing her beautiful neck. She had her eyes closed and her head thrown back and was totally oblivious to 'Drea sitting next to her. I used one hand to gently slide her tank top up. I ran my hand across her smooth, taut abdomen. She had such a sexy, trim body.

Both of my hands were under her tank top as I continued to kiss her neck, cheeks and lovely lips. To my delight, she was not wearing a bra. I heard an audible sigh from 'Drea when Rachel's lovely breasts came in to view. I looked over at her again and she winked.I moved down and took one of her erect nipples in mouth.

"Ahhh," Rachel gasped.

"That feels good, doesn't it, baby," 'Drea asked Rachel.

"It does, thank you 'Drea. You don't know what this means to me. I feel like I am going to explode right now. He's only been touching me for a second, but I'm so hot," Rachel said.

"Good, Rach. He loves you and will take good care of you," 'Drea smiled. She took Rachel's hand in hers. They looked at one another and smiled.

I gradually kissed my way down her belly, hooking my fingers in the waistband of her shorts, slowly pulling them off. She was wearing a lacy white thong underneath. I worked her shorts down past her knees and ankles while planting kisses on her legs the entire way. When I worked my back up I helped her pull her tank top over her head. She looked so sexy in just her thong and sandals.

'Drea had slid over on the couch and had an arm around Rachel. She was holding Rachel's hand with the other. I continued to kiss Rachel while I slid my hand between her legs. I used my hand to cup her sweet pussy though the lacy panties. She felt so warm. I moved my hand back and forth, lightly touching her while I continued to kiss her lips and neck. Spreading her legs very wide, she allowed me unhindered access to her crotch. One leg was draped over my lap and the other over 'Drea's.

I saw my lovely 'Drea watching Rachel and I as we kissed. I abandoned Rachel's lips long enough for 'Drea to move in and give me a quick, passionate kiss. My hand was inside Rachel's lacy panties and I gently rubbed my middle finger through her wet slit. I would gently stimulate the outer lips and slowly circle her clitoris. She was really enjoying my touch and her sexy legs quivered.

I felt another hand sliding down my arm towards my hand in Rachel's panties. It was 'Drea. When our eyes met, I am sure I had a quizzical look on my face. She gave me a pleading look as her hand slid down on top of mine inside Rachel's thong. I nodded and slowly removed my hand as 'Drea hand cupped another girl's pussy for the first time in her life. Rachel was oblivious to the fact that her best friend was now fingering her. I used my free hand to cup her ripe little breasts. I rolled her nipples between my fingers.

"Oh, Brad that feels so good. I love how you're touching me. That makes me so hot to feel your fingers around my nipples. Don't stop baby, please. Mmmm, I love it," she moaned.

"Rachel, you're so sexy baby. I love you so much. I have been thinking about us doing this again since I left your place yesterday," I said.

"Mmm, me too. Oh, your finger feels so good in me," Rachel cooed. She opened her eyes and realized that both of my hands were on her breasts. She looked down and saw the thin feminine hand of her best friend in her panties.

"Oh, 'Drea. I didn't know you were doing that," Rachel said. She was slightly embarrassed.

"Yeah, it's me, baby. You looked so sexy, I couldn't help myself. You don't mind do you," 'Drea asked.

"Mmmm, no I don't mind, but I didn't know that you were...," Rachel said.

"I'm not really. I've never touched another girl before," 'Drea admitted.

"You haven't?"

"No, have you," 'Drea replied.

"Never. I've thought about it a few times, especially with you, 'Drea. You always look so sexy." Rachel leaned over to 'Drea and their lips met in a long gentle kiss. I would have sworn my cock, which was already at full erection, grew two more inches when I saw that.

When they broke the kiss, they were both smiling. "That was amazing, Rach," 'Drea said.

"Yeah it was," Rachel said as her hands moved towards the hem of 'Drea's tank top and began to pull it up. 'Drea unbuttoned her shorts and they quickly joined Rachel's on the floor. The two women I loved were naked except for two almost identical lacy thongs.

I decided to watch them for a few minutes as Rachel's hands found their way to 'Drea's breasts. I loved the excited expressions on their faces as they began to explore each other's bodies. They kissed tenderly at first, but the intensity grew steadily. They gradually ended up in an embrace with 'Drea lying back on the couch and Rach on top of her. I moved around to the floor so that I could watch them a little closer. As they continued to kiss their legs intertwined. Eventually, a thigh was firmly pressed against each lace-covered pussy. This was 'Drea's preferred make out position as she could rub herself against my thigh.

Their kisses became even more passionate as they ground against one another. 'Drea's hands worked their way down Rachel's back until she found the top of her thong. She began to work it down. When she got it down as far as she could reach, I helped her by taking it the rest of the way off. Rachel rose up enough to allow 'Drea to remove her thong as well. They then resumed their torrid kissing and grinding. Even though I'd shared a wonderful lovemaking session with 'Drea a few hours ago, the show in front of me was threatening to make me cum in my shorts. I could not believe how this situation had developed.

Rachel rose to her knees again and I saw that as my opportunity to rejoin the action. I caught 'Drea's eye and winked at her. Positioning myself behind Rachel I began to gently lick her labia.

"Ohhh, baby. You didn't think we would forget you, did you," Rachel purred.

"No, I didn't, but I saw something I really wanted," I replied. She resumed kissing 'Drea as I ate her sweet pussy. She was dripping wet and I enjoyed her sweet juices.

I could hear them whispering to one another. I couldn't make out the words, so I asked what the secrecy was about.

"Nothing," replied 'Drea. "We were just talking about what a nice day this has turned out to be."

"Oh, that's all," I quipped. "You two aren't going to leave me now, are you?"

Rachel laughed, "No we're not, but a little experimentation is long overdue for both of us I'm afraid."

"Yeah, you don't how hot you look together. For a while there I was afraid I'd miss the main event," I said.

In between kisses 'Drea said, "Now that would be a real shame."

"It certainly would," added Rachel.

Given the way she had reacted Friday night, I gradually moved my licking up towards her little brown rosebud. When I got there, I ran a circle around it with my tongue. Rachel arched her back and stuck her ass in my face more.

"Ohhhh, 'Drea he's licking me back there again. That drives me absolutely wild," she squealed.

"Yeah, he can be a real nasty fucker sometimes. I couldn't believe it when he did it to me the first time either. He'll do anything for you, Rachel. He loves you," 'Drea said.

"I know he will, Ohhh, wow that feels so dirty! 'Drea, I can't believe we're doing this together. I would never have imagined this happening," she panted.

"Me either Rachel. Let's enjoy today. If you feel awkward about it, we'll just consider it a one-time crazy afternoon, okay?" They continued to kiss and I continued to assault both Rach's pussy and ass. I looked down and saw 'Drea's sweet pussy was also accessible. Leaving Rachel momentarily, I moved down to give my sweet 'Drea a little attention. I could still taste the aftermath of our earlier lovemaking. In my mind, she tasted best after we'd made love.
