 My first erotic story.....I wrote it October 1996 for a fiction writing class in college (I was a senior then), and I read it out loud to the class; however, one guy turned so beet-red in the midst of my reading he left class for 5-10 minutes! Read why.

* * * * *

The water from the Atlantic sparkled in the navy mist of nighttime, the stars twinkling on the waves. I could see this marvelous sight from the tall French windows in the white room. I got tired of looking at the ocean for a while, so I turned to look at my sanctuary. I had recently bought this house which stood on a cliff overlooking the ocean, and my favorite room has been the bedroom.

From floor to ceiling, it was silky white. An antique four-poster bed stood in the middle of the room with white satin fabric connecting the posts on top, forming a canopy. Satin sheets adorned the bed, with lots of fluffy pillows of all shapes and sizes. Filmy curtains hung on the French windows. Everything was white, except for the deep red roses twisted around the posts of the bed. I had put the roses there because it would give some color to the room; well, not just color, but to give a sense of contrast to the chastity of the room. 

I couldn't sleep. Why, I don't know. Tonight the waves were rough, and I was able to hear them crashing against land. I could hear a wailing of sorts, but I thought it was only the wind. I opened the glass door leading out to the balcony from the room and stood out there clad in only a long, red satin nightgown with a slit up the side. I felt as if someone was there. This was a remote area, and no one could really find me without directions. 

Standing on the balcony made me wish that someone was there to hold me. I could feel my nipples get hard under the satin. I hugged myself to keep warm, but to no avail. Returning inside, I slipped underneath the covers of the dreambed and fell asleep.

I started to dream. There was a masculine figure appearing on the balcony,

and opening the door. He came over to where I was sleeping. I was still in a deep sleep as he put his arms around me. He kissed me on the neck, and started to give me a backrub. Oh his hands were big and strong, working the knots out of my back muscles. I felt the hands slip the straps off and down my shoulders, oil being rubbed on my back. His hands kneaded my skin, working out the tension, making me relax. He then slipped my gown further down to massage my ass, one cheek at a time. I started to moan a little, getting chills. Then I felt his warm lips kiss the small of my back, and that made me quiver. He was so good, rubbing my legs, arms, shoulders, all over! I felt myself loll back and forth in the bed that the next thing I knew he was turning me over, and started to play with my pussy gently. I started to get wet, feeling the juices flow out of me like new honey. I felt his lips touch mine, kissing with such passion but yet so gentle. 

I woke up with a start, and screamed out in fright and excitement.

There is a man right there, in the flesh, right before my very eyes.

Kissing me hotly, making me want him.

Why is this happening to me?

But for some reason I was not afraid. He was so gentle, wanting me to feel the deepest pleasures for this moment. Without speaking, he put his finger up to my mouth as if to say "its alright, just relax, I want to make you happy." 

Feeling his muscular body next to mine, he pulled me closer to him, and slipped his hot tongue into my mouth, doing a primal dance with mine. A hand was running through my hair, feeling its softness. His mouth moved to my neck, sucking on the sensitive skin, planting a lovebite on the side. Oh god...his hands were so good! Playing with my breasts, fingers teasing the nipples into diamonds, pinching them gently. I felt his mouth sucking on them one at a time, like a baby thirsty for its milk. 

His mouth slid down my stomach, and down to my inner thighs. Oh god I was starting to quiver with anticipation. I grabbed his head and pushed it to my hot cunt. His tongue ran wild, licking, sucking, kissing my rose, making it red just like the ones on the bed. My clit was becoming hard like a pebble, throbbing, wanting to be touched. I felt my honey run down my legs as he continued to eat me out. Feeling his luscious tongue go into my love-hole, my body started to shake.

He continued to lash my pussy with his tongue, furiously, and rubbing my clitty with two fingers, I started to quiver wildly, and exploded into a million stars. Oh boy, the stars in the sky were smiling down on me now! I felt my cunt open up like petals on a rose in bloom. 

I felt his hard dick against my mouth, and he held my head gently as I sucked and licked it to make it wet. I felt his balls on my chest, and I massaged them with my fingers. Feeling his body on top of mine, we were rubbing against each other and kissing, and the next thing I knew his cock slipped into my dripping hole, starting to slide in and out, making me more open to him. I started to feel another orgasm come on again, but he would not let me have it just yet. He pulled out almost all the way, with only the cockhead just inside. I moved my hips up to meet him, but he held my arms firmly down. My face was so contorted in pleasure that it turned him on so, and he slammed his dick back into me. 

Oh god...his lips were kissing me, my face, lips, neck, tits! His hands were so strong, molding my body as if to make a sculpture! His prick slid in and out of my hot steamy cunt, grinding against my clit, my juices soaking the sheets. 

He pulled out of me, and motioned for me to get on my hands and knees.

I felt his hand rubbing my pussy, my lips enlarged and my clit throbbing. Pushing his cock back into my belly, he grabbed my ass and pounded into me. So lost in sensations that I had never known in my life! His hand was toying my clitty, and quivering again, I came again, this time really hard with the force of passion and fire lighting up my body in a deep shade of red! But I couldn't stop, it felt so good! I was moaning loudly, and so was he. I felt him throb inside me, and I heard his primal cry as he came into my body and soul, filling me with his lusty love. We fell on the satin sheets, all soaked, arms wrapped around each other, and kissing. Our hearts were beating as one, our bodies were one.

We fell asleep, and twice more during the night he woke me up by taking me again and again, lips and tongue and hands all over my satiated body. So good he was, that every time he kissed or touched me anywhere I would quiver. 

Morning came, and my dreamlover had vanished with the night. I haven't felt that great and relaxed in a long time. I was by myself, wrapping the sheets around me as if he was still there, feeling him next to me. The sun was shining through the windows, winking at me. Would he come again? I thought.

I looked down on the sheets, and they were soaked.

With salty sweat.

With my cum.

With his cum.

Mingling together.

There was a red rose next to me to remind me of him.

The white room wasn't so pure as I thought it was.

Getting up from the bed, I wrapped myself in a silk robe, and went out to the balcony. Oh the fresh morning air permeating my senses! How I wished that he stayed with me until the morning, so we would wake up together. How I wished for that morning kiss after a night of passion!

I heard that wailing again.

From the ocean.

Was it really a dreamlover who invades the pure sanctuary at night as I dream?

I'll never know.