 I had come into work early one Saturday, hoping to catch up on some paperwork left over from a busy week. I entered at the employee entrance, disarmed the alarm system, and walked to the opposite side of the building to my office. Switching on my computer, I went to the cafeteria to make myself some coffee while waiting for my computer to warm up. After filling the coffee maker with water and coffee, I returned to my office to check my e-mail. A few minutes later the aroma of coffee wafted into my office summoning me back to fill my cup. As I walked back to my office, I heard a door slam nearer the front of the building. I assumed it was my boss, who was often in on Saturdays, trying to catch up himself.

I don't always mind being in on Saturday, I find that I can get an incredible amount of work done, when there's no one around to interrupt. So I put on a little music and settled in for some mind-numbing drudgery. About an hour passed, when I realized I needed some information that my boss kept in his office. I grabbed my coffee cup and wandered toward his end of the building, since I needed to chat with him about a couple of things anyway. 

When I rounded the corner, I found our part-time accountant, Diane, sitting at the receptionist's desk, tapping away on the computer there. "Oh Hi!" I said, "I heard the door slam earlier, I assumed it was Dave. Are you getting behind on your work?"

"Just a bit, I had to leave early Thursday to get Nicholas off the bus, so I'm trying to catch up.

"Well no hurry, I'll be here for while, so take your time." I said.

"I should only be an hour or so." She said, giving me her usual friendly smile, although this one lingered a bit longer than normal. I returned the smile and headed back to my office.

I had often wondered about Diane, she was attractive for her age, late forties I would say, petite and slim. She often came across as demure and shy, yet I had joked with her on occasion and we shared a few laughs. One of my co-workers would have referred to her as a "Sleeper". You know the type, soft and gentle, but a wildcat in the sack. I thought she might be what that same friend might call a "bouncer", meaning a petite woman who rather enjoyed being on top. I had, on more than one occasion, thought about finding out for myself, but she worked only one day a week and no opportunity had ever presented itself.

I tried to push those thoughts out of my head and got back to work. A few minutes later, my phone beeped and I heard Diane's voice over the intercom. "Dan, could you give me a hand up here for a minute. I want to move a couple of filing cabinets."

"Sure," I said, "I'll be right up."

Returning to her area, I found her with her back to me, bent over, trying to move a cabinet into the corner. She was dressed casually in a spaghetti strap top and a knee length skirt that fit her form very nicely. She must have heard me coming and spun around, catching me in the act of admiring her ass. She grinned knowingly and said, "This thing must have bricks in it!" 

"Yeah, that's where we keep them now." I chuckled.

"Right, just get over and help me will you!"

" I'm coming already!" I said as I moved to the other end of the cabinet. I could just get it off the ground enough so that she could bend toward me and push in my direction. This afforded me a great view of her breasts hanging braless in her loose top and jiggling slightly from side to side as she shoved. She glanced up and again caught me staring. 

"That's twice Dan," she laughed. Once more and you're out! 

Feeling myself blush I said, "I can't help it, you're a beautiful woman, and I normally don't see you dressed this way. Usually you're all business-like." 

"So you like this old thing?" She said, grabbing the material on her shirt. I haven't worn it in ages. I really didn't think I would see anyone here today."

"I don't think it's the shirt, it's what's in it that looks great. Seriously, you're in great shape!"'

Now it was her turn to blush. "Thanks, I've been working really hard at it. I'm glad someone finally noticed." She said, her smile fading away.

"How could your husband not notice. Has he recently gone blind?" I said, trying to bring her smile back. It worked, but briefly.

"Ever since I 'finally' gave him a son, I've become the invisible woman at home. His whole world revolves around Nicholas now."

I knew from previous conversations that she had two grown daughters, and a son who was born only five or six years ago, creating a gap of 19 years between births. Her husband had seemed like a nice guy, but I had met him only briefly a couple of times. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't realize things were so bad."

"They're not really that bad," she replied, "I could just stand a little more attention, you know?"

"Well, if that's all you need, perhaps I could help you out with that?" I asked timidly, half expecting a slap. When she just stood there looking up at me with those big puppy-dog eyes, I plowed on. "I mean, I've always wondered about you. You seem like you have a sort of stored passion that only comes out under certain circumstances, if you know what I mean?" She didn't say a word, she just kept staring at me, so I decided on a retreat. "I'm sorry, it was totally inappropriate of me to say that. Sometimes the words come out before I can stop myself, I hope you can forgive me." 

I turned to walk away when I felt her hand on my shoulder. She turned me back to her, grabbing each side of my face and brought my lips to hers for a soft, passionate kiss. When she pulled away and opened her eyes, she said, "Actually, I could use something more than a little attention."

"I'll do anything you want me to do," I said.

"Then shut up and kiss me." She said, pulling me in for some deep kisses. Her tongue found it's way between my lips and I met it with my own. Her breathing almost instantly increased as she began to devour my mouth. Her hands explored my chest, back and dropped to my ass. She grabbed me there and pulled me closer, my now raging hard-on trying to rip through my shorts into her. I slid my fingers up under her shoulder length hair and cradled the back of her head as I kissed her. My other hand found the small of her back and slid up underneath her shirt pulling her into me. Her nipples had become so erect that I could feel them poking through her shirt and mine. With both hands I started to lift her shirt up, she raised her arms to help me and stopped kissing me just long enough to lift it over her head. 

I took her around the waist, thinking there must be a better place for this, and lifted her up, she weighed no more than 100lbs. She wrapped her legs around me as I carried her to the nearby employee's lounge, where I put her down on the sofa. I stood up, removed my shirt and knelt down at her feet. The button on her skirt popped open with a twist of her fingers as she lifted her ass and quickly shoved her skirt down to her knees where I took over and removed it completely. Her underwear, white cotton with little flowers on them, went next in the same fashion.

She lay there on the sofa, naked, looking up at me with those eyes, as if to say, "Make love to me already!" I just had to stop for a second to take her in. She was beautiful. Her fair skin and curly dark locks made her seem like a porcelain doll. Her breasts were probably a c-cup and perfectly shaped with smallish areolas and long nipples of the kind that were perpetually erect. Her stomach was nearly flat and bore only the slightest evidence of her motherhood. Her legs were creamy smooth and she wore just a small patch of pubic hair above her shaved lips. I nearly came just at the sight of her.

I lowered my head to her breasts, kissing my way between them up to her mouth where I lingered for a passionate kiss. I then returned to her breasts, enjoying a nipple briefly with a wet kiss then moving to the other. I felt her hands on the top of my head actually pushing me down toward her tender mound. Her legs parted for me and I slid my hands between them and under her ass, which was as taught as I had hoped. My tongue found it's way to her slit and began gently, licking up and down, parting her lips a bit and lingering over her clitoris. She squirmed when I touched her there, her eyes closed and her breathing became rapid. I picked up the pace, pulling her a little tighter to me, I alternated flicking her clit, sucking it in and rotating my tongue around it. One of her hands ran through my hair, massaging me lightly and helped to guide my oral gyrations. Her other hand moved up to her nipples, pinching them one at a time and kneading her breasts until they were pink from the abuse. 

The sight of her grinding away at her breasts only made me work harder on her perfect little pussy. I buried my face in her. I reached under ass and over her thighs, tugging her lips apart and sucked her clit harder and harder. "Oh that's it!" She said expelling a giant breath, "you're going to make me come!" Panting harder now she said, "Come on, just a little more, Oh God that's it! Yes!" She bucked violently as her first orgasm overtook her. She squeezed her breasts hard, pinching at the nipples then reached back down to my head, pulling my face into her. After what seemed like forever, she released me, practically gasping for breath and pulled my head up to her face where her tongue probed my mouth in search of her own juices.

She let me pull away from her just a little to catch my breath and she looked me in the eye and said, "Oh God, I haven't had one like that in a really long time, I can't tell you how badly I needed that." 

"I hope we're not done quite yet." I said. 

"Not even close," she replied. "I know there's a few more left in me."

She pushed me gently away from her and pulling on my waistband, stood me up. She sat up, grasping the snap on my shorts and pulling them open. She reached down inside my parts, grabbing my cock and pulling it up and out of my shorts. It immediately went into her mouth and she began a slow in and out, all the while dropping my shorts to the floor. I kicked them aside, closed my eyes and enjoyed what she was doing to me. Her mouth was warm and wonderful, her tongue skillful and her technique masterful. She spent some time licking sideways on the underside of the end of my penis, teasing me, then plunging it all the way in and back out very slowly, causing me to emit an involuntary groan each time. As the minutes progressed, her speed increased until I was nearly ready to explode. Sensing this, she used her hand near the base of my shaft while using her mouth only on the end. She pumped me harder and faster, faster and harder, my breathing got very fast. The sound of her slurping at the end of my dick was bringing me to the brink. I began to moan with each stroke of her hand, "That's it....yeah....That's it...I'm gonnnaaaa come!" My hips jerked with the first shot, she gagged a bit but managed to hold me in, swallowing hungrily with each spurt. As my orgasm subsided, she gave me a few more deep strokes into her mouth, cleaning me up very nicely.

We flopped over sideways onto the sofa and I held her tightly for a minute or two, kissing her passionately. I slid my hand down to her slit and she eagerly spread her legs and moved around a bit to give me easier access. Slipping a finger into her, I gently glided it in and out for a bit then brought my hand up to her mouth. She opened her mouth and sucked in 2 fingers, tasting her own juices for a second then slobbered them with saliva. I returned them to her pussy, sliding first one, then two fingers into her, working them in a bit at a time, while tickling her clit in a circular fashion with my thumb. She squirmed and squealed with delight and reached between my legs to find my spent member. Turns out it just needed a little attention, as it immediately began to stiffen. I continued to work those fingers in and out, pausing to let her taste herself now and then, or to rub her entire slit. When she was sopping wet, I removed the fingers from her vagina, replacing them with my thumb. I then moved my well lubricated middle finger to her anus and began to circle it, pressing lightly.

"What are you doing?" She breathed into my ear. "I'm not sure I want you to do that."

"Just give it a chance," I replied. "If you don't like it, I'll stop."

"Alright, just go nice and easy, I've never had anything in there before." She breathed into my ear while pulling one knee up a little to allow me easier access.

I continued with the pressure, all the while working my thumb deep inside her, then pulling it out to massage her clit for a while then plunging back in. Eventually my finger broke the seal on her anus, pushing into her just to the first knuckle. She let out a deep moan as I did, and I just let it sit there for a bit to let her get used to the feeling. She was really starting to get into it now. Her hips were moving in time with my thumb thrusts and every few minutes I pushed my finger a bit deeper into her ass. She moaned loudly each time I pushed but she never asked me to stop. When I reached the second knuckle she breathed into my ear, "Go ahead, push it in there." 

With one big push I buried the rest of my meaty finger into her, she stiffened and arched her back to receive it and held her breath as it went. When I reached full penetration she exhaled loudly and moaned, "Oh god that's great, I feel so filled, I can hardly stand it." With that I returned my thumb to her clit and rubbed in a circle. She brought her arms up around my neck and held on for dear life. She was going to come and fast. I kept it up and increased the pace as she neared climax. When she finally let go, she nearly strangled me bucking like a crazy woman and cinching her arms around my neck very tightly. As she came down, she loosened her grip a bit with each exhalation.

We lay in each other's arms for a while, just holding on, wanting the time to go slowly. She looked up at me and said, "Dan, I want you to fuck me, and I want you to fuck me hard." Without waiting for an answer, she was up off the sofa and walked around next to the arm of it and bent over, motioning me to join her. As I came up behind her, she said over her shoulder, "I love this position, give me everything you have. We may never get a chance like this again."

I had to spread my legs very wide apart to accommodate her lack of height. I placed my throbbing cock at her opening and slid it up and down, lubricating the tip. I began to push into her a little at a time, my god she was tight. It had obviously been quite a while. She got up on her toes and her body tensed with each little shove into her. When I had penetrated about half way, I started some gentle thrusting, easing into her a bit with each successive push. When I finally bottomed out, she and I let out a collective moan of relief. I rested for a second and just as I was about to start pumping, she reached between her legs to give my balls a squeeze. She said over her shoulder, "Let's go big fella, I can't stay on my toes forever!" 

I backed my cock nearly all the way out, paused, then plunged into her to the hilt. This brought just the reaction I was looking for. Her back straightened and she took in a huge breath, releasing it as I eased back out again. Before long she was nodding her approval with each long, easy stroke into her. When we had found a good rhythm, I began to increase the speed of my thrusts. She matched me perfectly, slapping her ass back against me. She looked over her shoulder at me and growled, "Come on Danny, Fuck Me! Fuck Me Harder!" 

My cock ached it was so in need of release. I hammered into her as hard as I could, I bent over her and reaching around I found her slit with my finger and began rubbing her clit. I went faster and faster, pounding into her and rubbing her clit. By now she was yelling her approval, "That's it, that's it, Oh Danny, I'm gonna come again! AAAHHHH!" When she let out the yell, it was all I could take, I rammed in as far as I could and deposited what must have been a quart of semen in giant, seemingly pint-sized spurts before collapsed on top of her. When I caught my breath, I turned her around and we hugged and kissed for a long time. Finally she pushed me away saying, "Thank you for this Danny, You'll never know what it means to me." She dressed quickly, stopped to give me a last hug and kiss, and off she went. 

She glanced over her shoulder at me when she walked out the door, there were tears in her eyes. Seems she was fighting her own conflicting emotions. The sheer joy of great sex versus the guilt of cheating on a man that she really loved. I wasn't sure if she would break down and tell him, or if she was strong enough to hold it in forever....We saw each other only at work after that and nothing ever happened. I can only assume that she loved her husband and no matter his faults wanted to remain a family. I guess I'll just have to settle for the memories.