 Author's Note: I've let this series lie face down in the mud for a long time. In my mind, I thought it was best to let it die. I took a break from writing and then moved in a different direction when I returned. This series was my first foray into posting stories on Literotica. I'd written for a lot of different audiences in a lot of different places. I never received much feedback on any of it though. When I started posting these, I was surprised by the response. All four chapters did well for someone with no creative writing background. I never intended to have the best prose, or the best sex scene, or the best of anything. I just wanted to tell a story like one I'd want to read.

 

I like developing characters and I like writing dialogue. I'm not the one to be the judge of whether I'm any good at it, but I try. I re-read these stories last year and realized I had these 4 pretty good characters that I'd left in limbo for ten years. I needed to tell their story, I needed to finish it, but other projects came up and took priority. I also took another break from writing.

 

So, here I am. finally picking this one back up. I've edited the first four chapters (01-04) to bring them up to my current abilities (which as several of you have thoughtfully pointed out, still suck) and have resubmitted them. I noticed that many people have been reading them after they read my more recent work and I wanted this series to be of better quality than when I originally submitted them. There was a temptation to overhaul them, but I finally decided that they'd done well originally. So, I tried to knock off as many of the warts as possible and send them back in. I also wrote a prequel that describes how 'Drea and Brad met (00). There is a gap in there between the time of their meeting and the true start to the series. I was tempted to fill in the blanks but I'd rather the reader use their imagination.

 

The skeleton of this chapter laid dormant on my external hard drive all those years. I have a folder that I've titled "Concepts" where my intros and half-stories reside. There are enough ideas and concepts in there to keep me writing at least another 150 years. I tinker with them when I get tired or emotional. I put the emotion down as digital characters and it helps let it out of my soul. I usually poke around in there every night before bed. Maybe I'll write a sentence or delete one. It's hard to say. Anyway. I ramble. Here goes.

 

As always, please vote and comment. Thanks for reading.

 

-Nosebone

After I finished dressing, I walked back out to the living room while 'Drea and Rachel finished getting ready. I saw Erin was sitting on the couch, sipping her wine. She smiled at me seductively. I'd been given a free pass by 'Drea and Rachel, so I decided I'd turn the tables on Erin. There was an empty glass sitting on the table in front of her, which I filled with chardonnay before sitting next to her on the couch. She looked over at me and smiled again. Without hesitation, I grabbed her by the back of the neck, pulling her towards me. My lips met hers and she yielded, allowing my tongue to ravage her mouth. She pulled back from me breathless.

"What happened in the shower," she asked.

"Nothing, I'm just going to show you that you're not in charge," I replied.

"Oh, are you, now," she said defiantly.

"Yes," I nodded. My hand grabbed her sexy pale thigh and moved upwards. When I reached the top, I cupped her smooth, wet sex. My fingers entered her and swirled around in her wetness. I pulled them out and brought them to my mouth to savor her essence.

"You think this is going to be easy," she asked.

"No, but I'm going to do it, Erin," I said. "I'll fuck you senseless until you decide that you've had enough."

"How is that going to make things better," she smiled lewdly. She pulled the hem of her skirt up, fully revealing her wet pussy. My hand was drawn back to it as if it was magnetic. I found her swollen clit and lightly teased it with my index and middle fingers, before I moved my fingers lower and entered her. There was a sudden look of disappointment on her face. "You bastard. I think you're just going to tease me, aren't you?"

"For a few hours, anyway," I said firmly.

"Then what," she asked. She writhed against the couch as my fingers roamed inside her. I stopped to tease her clit some more, using just enough pressure to keep her interested, but not nearly as much as she wanted. It was nice to be on the other end for a change.

"I don't know. Maybe I'll fuck you," I said. I pulled my hand away from her pussy and licked her honey from my fingers.

"Maybe, huh? And would you stop licking your fingers like that! You can come taste my pussy all you want," she said in low, lusty voice. Her fingers traced up and down her puffy labia.

"Later," I said.

"Okay, Brad, I'll beg. Is that what you want," she said.

"No, I'm going to give you time to really want it," I smiled.

"What did 'Drea and Rach say," she asked.

"That's between the three of us," I said.

"That's a bullshit answer. Just play with my clit like you want to. You can make me cum in 10 seconds. Please," she whined.

"I don't think so, Erin," I said. "The shoe is on the other foot now, isn't it? You thought it was fun when you were constantly teasing me, didn't you?"

"You fucker, that was different," she said, biting her lower lip.

"No, it's not. I fucked you really good and now you think you can just get it whenever you want," I said. "I'm going to decide when you get it. Not you."

She reached for my cock that was throbbing in my pants. I grabbed her by the wrist and stopped her.

"Huh uh," I said. "You're not listening. I decide when you get my cock, not you."

"You're really enjoying this, aren't you," she asked.

"You better believe I am," I said. "I need to get you under control."

"I don't need control. I need cock. Your cock," she said.

I reached for my zipper and opened my pants. I pulled my cock out, and grabbed her fiery red hair to pull her face to my lap.

"You suck that until I tell you to stop," I said. She didn't hesitate and her mouth was soon moving up and down my shaft. She was actually pretty good, despite her apparent inability the day before. I pushed her face down further and she moaned around my cock as I pulled her hair tightly on the upstroke. I knew that 'Drea and Rachel could walk at any moment, but I continued to let Erin gag on my hard cock. She sucked me like her life depended on it. She was eager to please, but I was even more eager to show her that she wasn't going to be the perpetual cock tease that she thought she'd be. I pushed her head downward forcing her to take a little more of my cock. Nothing vicious, just enough that she knew I was serious.

I decided that I'd had enough, and I pulled her off my cock by her hair. I pulled her face to mine and kissed her hard.

"You fucking bastard," she said. "You don't know how fucking turned on I am right now."

"No," I asked.

"No, I always fantasized about you being rough with me, taking control. When I saw you in the gym lifting, I always thought about you grabbing me and taking me. Holding me down and using me for your pleasure," she said, her voice low and guttural. "Fuck, I want your cock! Give it to me please. I don't care if 'Drea or Rachel get mad. Just fuck me."

"Not yet, my little redheaded slut. Zip my pants back up," I said.

"No, please. Let me suck you off," she pleaded. "I need it. I want your cum."

I wasn't sure if she was serious or if she was acting a part. I was determined not to waver though. She was going to do as I said.

"Do as you were told Erin," I said. She had a wild look in her eyes, but she quickly complied. I fingered her hot gash as she did it. I sampled her nectar once again as we heard the bedroom door open. First, Rachel and then 'Drea walked out. Erin managed to get her skirt down and quickly excused herself to go to the restroom. 'Drea and Rachel looked at me intently as she passed them.

"And what was going on in here," 'Drea asked.

"I was just getting control of the situation," I said.

"How were you doing that," Rachel asked.

"I was letting her know I was in charge," I said.

"Whatever," 'Drea laughed. "That's not you."

"Erin seems to believe me," I said.

"Maybe," 'Drea added. "Don't get any ideas though, big boy."

"Whatever yourself! I've had you under control for years," I smiled.

"Not hardly," 'Drea replied. She kissed me softly on the lips, before Rachel did as well. I still wasn't sure what I should be thinking about how my life had changed in the previous 48 hours. I thought I would wake up from the dream at any moment, but I was determined to enjoy it while it lasted. The bathroom door opened and Erin rejoined us. She seemed to have regained her composure as she walked over to us.

"Let's go, maybe we can still make happy hour," Erin offered. I gave her the eye and saw her squirm slightly. Rachel suggested we take her SUV, and I offered to drive us all home. I wanted them to enjoy themselves, and I would be the responsible one, at least until we were back home. Rachel got in the driver's seat and Erin moved to get in the passenger's seat in the front. I grabbed her hand and held her back. I motioned towards the backseat with my head. She smiled slightly until our eyes met. The smile faded and she started to get in the back. I reached under her skirt and softly squeezed her mound, causing her to jump slightly at the surprise contact. She quickly sat in the seat and looked at me wide-eyed. I turned to my right to see 'Drea still standing there. We shared a quick look, before she smiled and shook her head.

Rachel drove us towards a restaurant/bar that we'd frequented throughout grad school. We'd barely left the driveway when my fingers were in Erin's pussy once again. She was telling the girls in the front a story when my fingers found her oversensitive clit. Her voice halted and she looked at me devilishly. She managed to restart the story while spreading her legs further. My fingers worked quickly in her gash while the palm of my hand ground against her needy clit. I saw Rachel looking at me in the rearview mirror. She couldn't see exactly what I was doing, but the expression on Erin's face had to tell her all she needed to know.

We pulled into the parking lot and Rachel parked the SUV. I pulled my fingers from Erin's pussy and offered them to her lips. She hesitated briefly, before she took them in her mouth, tasting herself. I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Do you see how good your cunt tastes, my little slut?" She simply nodded as I took her wrist and pulled her out of the SUV.

"Good," I whispered in her ear as we walked towards the restaurant door. "Maybe you'll be tasting 'Drea and Rachel before the night is over."

She looked at me in shock, but I just nodded at her.

Once we were inside, the hostess took us to our usual booth in the back. I joined Erin on one side with 'Drea and Rachel sitting opposite to us. My hand was back under the hem of Erin's skirt immediately. She let out a little gasp when my fingers grazed her clit again. I studied 'Drea and Rachel's expressions. They watched intently knowing what I was doing. The waitress walked up to take our orders and I paused momentarily. Once we'd ordered, I began strumming Erin's hard clit again.

"I don't know what you three have planned," Erin began. Her speech was almost a pant. "But what he's doing is not helping this situation. Oh!" Her moan came out as a low hiss.

"He's acting on his own," 'Drea smiled. "All we told him is that he needed to help you get him out of your system."

"Then why are we not in your bed," Erin groaned.

"Because I'm not going to give in to you so easily," I replied.

I watched Rachel closely, since she was the more reserved of the four of us. She seemed to be taking it all in stride, though.

Our drinks arrived and Erin reached for her margarita. She picked it up with a shaky hand and took a sip. Her hips squirmed on the seat as she sought to rub her clit against my hand. I was teasing her mercilessly and it was driving her wild, which was completely my intention. I started making small talk and I felt Erin's hand reaching for my cock. I grabbed her hand, squeezing it tightly.

I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "What did I tell you earlier? I decide when you get my cock, not you, remember?"

She simply nodded but got a very evil smile on her face.

"You're only making things worse, Brad," she said much louder than I'd been speaking. She turned and looked at 'Drea and Rachel. They both shook their heads.

"Fine, Erin. Have it your way," I replied. I removed my fingers from her wet pussy, before I licked them slowly and deliberately in front of her. I'd just pulled them from my mouth when the waitress returned to take our dinner orders. After she left, I turned to look at Erin. She looked like a child that had her favorite toy taken away. I shook my head at her and watched as she took a gulp of her margarita.

We continued to chat, but I noticed Erin fidgeting next to me. I looked over and saw her hand under her skirt. When she noticed me watching, her fingers came out glistening with her nectar. She offered them to me. I licked them clean but took her hand, placing it on my cock.

"You play with me now, and leave your slutty, little cunt alone," I whispered. "If you're good, I'll take care of that for you later."

"I've never been very good at that," she smiled, as her hand gripped my cock tightly through my pants.

"No, you haven't. That's why we need to fix that problem," I said.

Throughout dinner and the two rounds of drinks after, Erin teased my cock relentlessly. I seriously contemplated taking her to the bathroom and fucking her there, but I wasn't sure she'd be quiet enough to keep from getting us caught. Finally, I paid the check and we walked out to Rachel's SUV. I took the keys and got behind the wheel, while Erin dutifully sat in the front passenger seat.

It was a quiet ride except for the soft moans Erin made as my hand once again found its way under skirt. Her clit was so swollen it felt like it could burst at any moment. The underside was particularly sensitive and each time my middle finger flicked it, she acted as if she'd received an electrical shock.

"You better be ready to fuck me the rest of the night," she moaned softly as I pulled in the driveway.

"We'll see," I said.

"Yeah, we will," she replied. The girls got out and followed me to the door, where I unlocked it and waited as they went inside. Erin, never the most subtle, immediately started undressing. I looked to 'Drea and Rachel to see them both smiling and shaking their heads. Once, she was naked, Erin took my hand and pulled me towards the bedroom.

"Come on. Do what ever you want to me, but just do something," she said almost breathlessly. I followed her and saw that 'Drea and Rachel were following as well. When we reached the bedroom, Erin turned and started unbuttoning my shirt. After she slid it off my shoulders, she knelt in front of me and began to unfasten my pants. I rarely bothered with underwear, so when my zipper was down, my semi-erection was there for her to see. She took me in her hand and stroked it while she looked up at me.

"Suck me," I said. She nodded obediently and took me in her mouth. I realized that 'Drea was standing on my right while Rachel was on my left. I reached for them and pulled them to me as Erin started working my shaft vigorously. I kissed them both in turn before we turned to watch Erin.

"It's nice to see that big mouth of hers finally being put to good use," 'Drea laughed. Erin paused briefly.

"Fuck you," Erin said.

"You might get a chance before the night's over," Rachel added. The three of us all looked at her as that was totally out of character, but then so had the last 48 hours. She smiled, then looked slightly embarrassed. "What?"

"Nothing, baby," I smiled before kissing her again slowly and passionately.

Erin was doing an amazing job and my cock throbbed as her lusty mouth moved up and down my shaft. I reached down and held the back of her head while wrapping my fingers in her long, red hair.

"Mmmm," she moaned as I began directing her motion as well as thrusting my cock in her mouth. Despite having shared completely amazing sex with Rachel and 'Drea just hours before, Erin's insistent rubbing at the restaurant and the magnificent blow job she was giving me was taking a toll. I wasn't going to let her make me cum in her mouth. I was going to cum in her bald pussy again. I pulled her head away from me. She looked up in disappointment until I told her to get on the bed.

"Yes sir," she said. "Whatever you want."

I smiled at her, knowing she was playing with me, but it was still pleasurable to see her acting docile. She laid back on the bed and spread her legs. Her wet pussy glistened and looked very inviting. I knew I had to have another taste of her. I kicked off my slacks and shoes before I knelt in front of her on the floor. I could see the lust and anticipation on her face as I placed my hands on the insides of her pale thighs and spread them wider, opening her fully to me. Her puffy, wet lips parted, exposing her clit. I leaned forward and trailed my tongue up from the bottom of her slit before making a leisurely circle around her clit.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned and arched her back. Her fingers reached for the back of my head, holding me tightly against her. I moved back down to her slit so I could taste her essence. Her honey was thick, and I soon felt it all over my chin as I continued to work my tongue over her womanhood. I felt the bed move and looked to see that 'Drea and Rachel had undressed and were on either side of Erin. From my vantage point, I watched as first 'Drea then Rachel leaned down to suck on Erin's hard nipples. When they moved away, I could see the incredulous look on Erin's face.

"Given everything that I've done, I never imagined this," Erin said.

"I can't say I did either," 'Drea replied before she leaned down and sucked on her friend's nipple some more. "Is he making you feel good?"

"Fuck yes, he is," Erin moaned. "I just wish he'd get me off and quit teasing me."

"You're probably going to just have to wait," 'Drea laughed.

"I don't know if I can," Erin groaned as I circled my tongue around her clit again. Her grip on my head increased, trying to hold my mouth in place around her clit. She bucked her hips trying to grind it against my face. I pulled away from her and looked her in the eyes.

"I'll decide when you cum, got it," I asked.

"Brad, quit being a bastard. Please, just make me cum. I'll do anything you want me to do," she begged.

"No, Erin," I said firmly.

"Please, I will. You can fuck me in the ass. Anything. Just make me cum," she pleaded.

"When I'm ready," I said.

"Fuck," she groaned as I leaned forward again and lightly sucked on her clit with my lips. It was just a brief moment before I moved away to her less sensitive areas. I noticed that Rachel and 'Drea were kissing Erin as well as sucking on her breasts. I regretted that I was too busy tormenting her clit to be able to fully enjoy the show.
