 We'll pick up roughly where we left off. Thoreau's Cabin is the author's version of Thoreau's original 12x16 foot cabin on Walden Pond. This one was deep in the woods, and 10x12. As it turns out, interesting things happen in the fog. I wish I had the cabin, not to mention these imaginary experiences.

... We slowly came down from the peak, sweaty even in the cool night air in the cabin, and panting from the last bit of exertion. She held my face and kissed me all over my cheeks and forehead. She finished by planting a big wet one on the end of my nose. We both laughed.

"That, my beautiful lady, was the most wonderful thing I have ever experienced in all my years," I said, looking in her eyes and smiling.

"I'll bet you say that to all the girls."

"No," I said, suddenly serious. "Never before. Probably never again. I never thought making love could be so beautiful."

"The night's young," she said with that wicked smile, "Should I take that as a challenge?"

"Wow," I said articulately, "If you wish, I would be most grateful. But what about you? My fantasy extends to driving you crazy with pleasure."

"Mmm," she hugged me close, "Sounds wonderful to me. What did you have in mind?"

"Did you know that I can wiggle my ears?" I said.

"And so?" she looked puzzled.

"Do you think they would tickle your thighs?" This time, it was my turn to smile wickedly.

"It would seem that there's only one way to find out," she said, "And I am very curious."

Wasting no time, I began to slide down from my position on top of her, kissing her lips, her neck, her collarbone, and down her chest. I paused for a considerable period of time to kiss and suck her beautiful breasts, causing her nipples to erect as I licked each and blew cool air. Then, I would take as much of each breast into my mouth as I could and suck hard. She would arch her back when I did.

Then, ever so slowly now, I moved down her tummy, licking a line with just the point of my tongue until I found her navel. I kissed her navel wetly and she laughed. I did too, and came up for air to look into her beautiful dark brown eyes.

"God, you're beautiful," I said.

"No talking. Keep kissing," she breathed with a smile.

And so I did. Kissing softly down her tummy until I encountered her trimmed bush. There, I buried my nose in the smell of our prior lovemaking. It was a heavy, musky smell. It was wonderful.

I moved down further, and lifted her legs over my shoulders, my face before her luscious pussy. It glistened with wetness. I pressed her thighs against my ears and wiggled. She laughed hard. So did I.

"It DOES tickle!" she laughed.

"Not like this," I said, as I moved forward and licked her outer lips.

"No," she sighed, "Not like that at all." She settled in and her pussy moved against my mouth, pressing my lips against her labia. I kissed and sucked and ate her. Sticking my tongue as deep into her as I could to fuck her with my mouth. Licking the length of her opening. Moving up, finally, to kiss and suck her clit hard. That took her over the top, and she cried out in orgasm, pressing her pussy against my face as her abdomen shuddered in spasms of climax. She came down slowly. I just kept my mouth gently pressed against her pussy lips.

"Come here," she beckoned, reaching to me with outstretched arms.

"Do you want more of this?" I asked. "I'd be happy to continue this way."

"Maybe later, " she said, "But not right now."

I climbed up and settled between her legs. She tucked her ankles behind my knees and held me close. I was hard again, my cock resting at her entrance.

"Come inside me," she whispered in my ear, "I need to feel you inside me."

Slowly, I felt myself slide in as I gently moved forward. I felt each inch become enveloped in wet warmth. Finally, I bottomed out, my cock fully buried in this beautiful woman.

"I can't believe how good it feels to be inside you," I said, lifting slightly to look deep into her eyes.

"I love the way you fill me up," she replied, looking deeply into mine, "I love the feel of your hardness, of its head stretching me. And then when you're buried deep, it feels totally wonderful. Will you do something for me?"

"Yes, anything," considering where I was, I could hardly say no.

"Make love to me with long, slow strokes," she said, "Let me move against you as you do. Keep it long and slow no matter what."

It sounded good to me. So I pulled back and almost all the way out, and then moved back in slowly. She pushed against me as I entered and pulled away as I pulled back. We set up a long, slow rhythm of slow, full thrusts. Each time, my cock would come almost all the way out, until only the tip of my head remained inside. Then, I would move forward against her and bury myself inside her all the way. Back and forth, in and out, forward and back. The nice thing was that I had to really concentrate on what I was doing. I had to concentrate on the feeling and make sure I didn't come all the way out and spoil the rhythm. She took me by each side of my waist and helped control my movements. The feeling of her hands taking me was exciting. I pushed up and looked down at her. I watched her breasts jiggle just a little as she moved, watched the muscles of her tummy as she tightened down on me with her pussy when I was inside. I looked at her beautiful face, and she smiled at me. We made love like this seemingly for hours. Rocking back and forth, slowly. Ever so slowly. She wrapped her legs around my waist and moved her hands to my butt, pulling me deeper inside on each in-thrust. Our previous lovemaking had left me able to go forever, it seemed. I tried to speed up my thrusts.

"No, no, no," she admonished, "I said slowly, remember?"

"OK," I replied, "I'm just trying to please my lady."

"Oh, but you are pleasing her," she said, "As a matter of fact, take this!" And with that she moaned in climax, not breaking our rhythm, but accentuating it. Her pussy muscled clamped hard on my dick, but her juices increased and she was more slippery. I kept up our slow, full thrusting. She hugged me hard to her, and I could feel her erect nipples and full, firm breasts pressed against my chest. Even hugging hard, she kept up her hip movements against my thrusts, our tummies rubbing and my thoroughly-delighted cock moving in and out. We loved the night away, tightly entwined

Over a little more time, I could feel a load of sperm readying itself. "I'm getting ready to cum inside you, beautiful lady," I said, stroking her hair as we still lay close, me on top.

"Then do it," she whispered in my ear, "I want to feel it!"

That was enough for me. I felt it bubble up from somewhere deep - not my balls, but somewhere far deeper. I moved forward and buried my cock as deeply as I could imagine and then it came. The feeling was of giving: giving her my very essence, my being, my soul. Leaving my body in spurt after spurt of essence. Holding her tight and cumming seemingly forever. She, for her part, hugging me close and taking, wanting, taking all of it into her. She understood that this was no mere jackoff, no mere mutual masturbation. She took and took and whispered "Yes, yes, yes," with each spasm of my cock. I imagined my cock inside her, filling her up. I tried to imagine what it felt like for her: what did cock feel like? Did my orgasm really feel hot inside her? Could she feel me - that is, my being, my essence - inside her? I looked at her face, and it was as if she had melted. Her face had a softness I hadn't yet seen. Her eyes closed, a soft, satisfied smile, looking totally relaxed and comfortable. She opened her eyes and saw me looking. She raised her head enough to softly clamp her lips on mine in a deep, wonderful, romantic, sexy kiss while she still moved her pelvis in our slow rhythm, milking my hardness for every last bit. Wow. What a lover. More than that, she had won my heart.

"I think I love you," I said, looking at her. Our motions quieted, and we lay in each other's arms.

She smiled, but the smile was tinged with sadness around her eyes. "That's a sweet thing to say," she said.

"It's true. In high school, I always fantasized about who you were, what you were like as a person. When we dated, I got to know you a little bit, and liked what I saw. Now, I find that you're an extraordinary, sweet, wonderful lover. How could I not fall in love with you?"

She laughed lightly, and caressed my face with her hand. "You are sweet. High school was a long time ago."

"Too long?" I asked, now nervous about her reluctance to declare any reciprocal feelings.

"You don't understand, do you?" she asked.

"Understand what?" I was confused.

"I'm from the mist," she said, "We all are. And we can't stay."

"I don't understand," now I was really confused.

"Why do I look this way so long after high school?" she said, "Don't you think it's a little odd?"

"I guess I hadn't thought about it much, I was so grateful just to have you." I said, mulling over what she'd told me.

"We come out of the fog, and out of your memories," she said, "But we can't stay."

"Would you like to stay?" I asked.

Tears welled up in her eyes. "I think I would," she said, "But it's not within my power." She hugged me hard and nuzzled into my neck.

"Will I ever see you again?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said, crying, "This whole thing is beyond my understanding, too. All I know is that I'm here, and that I have enjoyed being here and making love to you very much."

"I'll never forget you, Carol," I said, looking into her eyes. I could sense it was her time to go.

"I know," she said, "Thank you for everything. Thank you for being so sweet." She made a move to go. We untangled and she stood naked before me. She was so beautiful.

"Must you leave now?" I asked, finding it a little difficult to see, and a little difficult to talk.

"I'm afraid so," she said. A bird chirped, the first bird of the morning. "Aha!" she exclaimed triumphantly, "As I said, I didn't finish with you until morning!" She gave me the most radiant smile I could imagine. Then quickly donning her clothes, she paused at the door. "Hold onto your memories, and look forward to foggy mornings." With that, she was gone.

I cried myself to sleep. My heart felt to be in a million pieces. To have had something so precious, for so little time, broke my heart.

I had no idea when I awoke. But instantly I knew why. Cindy was at the foot of my bed, looking at me with one of her smiles. I looked out the window to see the fog in the forest. My watch said I'd dozed for a couple hours.

Cindy was a firecracker. I had jumped into her car one night my senior year of high school when my friends and I were "cruising" and we'd pulled up to her big blue Buick at a red light. I climbed in the passenger side and said, "You just picked me up!" She had replied "Good!" and we had proceeded to her house, where she proved to be the most phenomenal, sexiest kisser I have ever known. Tiny, she wasn't more than five feet tall, with black hair to her waist and huge dark brown eyes. She was pretty much flat-chested, but with a delightful ass, and a smile that could light Chicago. She was incredibly sexy. I remember sitting on her family room floor, face to face, Indian style, and leaning forward to take her in my arms. She had an incredibly aggressive tongue, which attacked my mouth in a full, flat way that let you know that you were being kissed. We kissed for hours, and I was quite content to only kiss.

We dated some after that, and we were co-emcees of the high school talent show. For it, she curled her long hair into ringlets that made her look even sexier. I would sit on a chair backstage in my tux, she would sit on my lap, and she would use that incredible tongue to attack my mouth. We almost missed cues because we didn't want to stop necking. She would press against me on stage when we were both out there, and I'd put an arm around her shoulder. Then, an act would go on and we'd go backstage and resume smooching. God, that girl could kiss. I couldn't help but imagine what that tongue would do to my dick, but I never learned. My friends gave me too hard a time about her, and I dropped her. Stupid.

And now, here she was. In Thoreau's Cabin. And she looked like she was barely out of high school. The same big brown eyes, the same luscious lips.

"Cindy?" I asked.

"Hi," she chirped.

"Cindy, you can't be in here," I said.

"Why not?" she looked puzzled.

"Because it's a house rule that any woman who enters this cabin must make love to me," I said.

"Oh," she said simply, "On one condition."

"What's that?"

"That I can suck you off first, for as long as I want," she said with a grin. With that, she quickly peeled off her clothes and literally jumped onto the bed, landing on her knees, giggling. She pulled down the blanket and surveyed my naked body. Then, she reached and took the shaft of my now hardening cock in her hand. Moving her long hair out of the way with her other hand, she licked me firmly with the flat of her tongue. I was instantly completely hard. This was going to be a heck of a ride.

"Mmm," she said to my cock, "Do you know how long I've wanted to do this to you, big fella?" And she clamped her lips around my head and sucked hard, tickling the underside of me with light flicks of that tongue. She came up and smiled at me. "This is going to be fun!"

She set upon ministering to my member with a reckless abandon, taking me all the way down her throat and slowly coming off, then slowly taking it all, then slowly coming up. She would come off and lick my length with that tongue, swirl it around my head, and then take me deep again. Suddenly, she would pump her face up and down my length rapidly, humming a little and swirling a little. She would come off and tell me that she loved finally getting to suck my cock, and she'd resume. She had a sixth sense that when she felt me close to exploding she would come off, and just gently hold my erection in her hand, and slowly slide her hand up and down my shaft. The stroking wasn't enough to make me cum, and I would calm down enough for her to sense it and then swallow me whole in one move, resuming sucking my length, cheeks compressing around my flesh. She was an expert. I had a total dick buzz. I had never gotten head like that. I should have expected that from her kissing, but it was still a surprise when I felt her mouth on my shaft.

She brought me to the edge several times and let it recede. When she would stroke me, she would look at me and smile. She knew exactly what she was doing. She was in complete control.

Once again, she mouth-fucked me hard, with fast up-and-down strokes of her mouth, lips clamped on my hot flesh. She came off. "This time, all the way!" she said, and resumed the fast strokes.

It didn't take long, it was such a magnificent blow job. She altered her technique just a little to use the flat of her tongue to stroke the underside of my cock at its most sensitive place. Long strokes, a little slower now, with tongue pressed against cock. It was way too much for me. I arched my back and exploded into her mouth. I saw stars as I kept pumping her mouth full of sperm. I felt like it would never end. It finally did, and I felt completely spent.

"Mmm," she said, lapping up and down my shaft with that tongue, "I've waited so long for that! It was delicious!" She kept running her tongue up and down my shaft. "Think you can keep it hard?" She grinned wickedly, stroking me.

"I don't know," I groaned. "I don't think so."

"Well, you're just going to have to try," she said, and she moved up and straddled me. Aiming my dick at her entrance, she lowered onto me to the hilt. "God, your cock feels good!" she exclaimed, and she began riding me hard, raising and lowering herself onto my still-hardness, long strokes of her pussy clamping around me.

She put her hands on my shoulders, and ground me into her as deeply as she could, closing her eyes and showing extreme concentration for her fucking. I just lay there, letting her fuck away. It felt extremely good. Her strokes were short, but I was buried deep, and moving forward, our pubic bones rubbed and stimulated her clit as we made love. 

Then, she resumed the long strokes, with a fast, hard rhythm that showed just how much she wanted hard fucking. I took her by the waist and pummeled her down on my cock, raised her up, and pummeled her down again. After the blow job, I wasn't going to cum again for a long time, if at all, which seemed fine with her. She took all the cock I could give her, and kept coming for more, meeting my thrusts with her own. This was magnificent sex. Hard fucking of two people out just to enjoy each other's bodies and passion. She came hard, shuddering and stopping her thrusts as I kept pumping in and out of her pussy. She bent and mashed my lips with hers, her tongue driving into my mouth to spar with mine. Then, the waves receding, she resumed her thrusts and sat up to impale herself time after time on my erection. Another climax shook her, and again we mashed mouths. And then she resumed fucking me, holding me deep inside and rubbing pubic bones again. This brought her off again quickly, and we mashed.

I was starting to feel a load form. "I think I'm going to cum," I said as we bounced on the bed. I couldn't believe it when my words made her actually fuck me even harder! I didn't know it was possible.

"Give it to me! Give it to me! Give it to me!" she said, over and over in time with our thrusts, our wild fucking.

I did. I came hard, shoving my dick as far into her as I could and screaming with the release of jets of hot sperm. I lifted her off the bed with my body, she ramming down to take me even deeper, and shuddering with a huge climax, moaning in time with my spasms as she felt my cock expand with each spurt of jism. I kept her off the bed, my back arching as I poured my load into her. She ground her pussy around me, and I could feel her walls clamping down on me to take every drop of my essence. Finally, we collapsed in a sweaty heap, my still-hard cock inside her slippery wetness. She hugged me hard and buried her face in my neck.

"That was intense," she murmured, "I loved it!" She nestled in, vagina nestling on my cock, too, with gentle little settling motions. I stroked her long hair and held her. A little chilly, I pulled the blanket over us. Almost instantly, we were fast asleep.

I don't know when I awoke, but it was to the feeling of warm pussy gently massaging a hard dick, and lips delicately kissing my chest. I was being fucked awake. I took her head in my hands and pulled her up to kiss me. We kissed with only lips. I couldn't remember ever kissing her without tongues involved. They were gentle kisses.

"I woke up with you still inside me," she said between kisses, "And you were hard."

"What do you expect, when such a sexy woman makes love to me the way you do?" I said, smiling.

"So I figured out a way to wake you up!" and she laughed.

"The most pleasant wake-up call I've ever received," I said, now fully hard and reciprocating with strokes of my own. We fucked gently for a few minutes.

"Will you lie on top of me and fuck me hard?" she asked.

"I would be delighted," I replied. We disengaged only momentarily for her to take a position in the middle of my small single bed, legs spread to receive me. I moved on top of her and she reached between us, taking me by the base of my shaft. She guided me to her opening and I sank in with one smooth thrust.

"Yeah," she said as I slid in, "Now fuck me!" With that, she started bucking her hips to fuck me. How could I fail to reciprocate? We banged away as hard as we could, bellies slapping together on the in-thrust, my balls slapping against her ass. Away we went. After a couple minutes, she came hard, hugging me close while I continued to bang her. I was nowhere close to cumming. But I was getting a little out of breath. Our sweat made the slapping together of our bodies louder and crisper. She was back at it again quickly, meeting my thrusts, my cock pounding in and out of her with long strokes.
