 She needed to sit down. She didn't know if she really wanted to leave. She had no idea of what she would do next or what she would say next.

Jane had always had been in control of her sexual impulses, never confused. She was no prude. She had never shied away from conversation that dealt with sex. She had been sexually active since her freshman year in college. So why was she suddenly so uncomfortable? Not really uncomfortable, more: restless, on edge. And her confusion was about nothing else but about sex.

Jane was sure she could smell the odor of sex and wondered where it was coming from, what it was. But then she suddenly realized that it was her own pussy juice she was smelling. Her panties were soaked, wet through and through by the pussy juice flowing unbidden from the recess of her cunt.

"You do wish to leave?" Fanderpeice reminded her.

Jane nodded yes but a second later regretted the nod. "No," she suddenly blurted out, "let's continue the interview." The 'no' was issued without forethought. It was as if Jane was in some sort of hypnotic condition, acting but not really in control of her own actions.

"Good," said Fanderpeice "I think you deserve to know whatever it is you wish to know."

. He kept his hand on her arm and escorted Jane to the couch she had been sitting on earlier, but this time the Quinn was not in her direct line of sight. She sat and Fanderpeice sat opposite her, on the same chair he had occupied before, but, somehow, he seemed to be a lot closer than he had been earlier. "I think it time for us to begin. Do you wish to take notes?"

"I don't need to take notes," Jane replied.

"Yes, over ninety percent accurate recall. Your dossier featured that."

Jane was surprised. He had a dossier on her. What else?

"The sexual activity here is not why this establishment exists," he said.

"What?

"What I said," Fanderpeice replied.

"But I don't understand." This was no good, Jane thought. She was violating one of her basic rules for interviewing, let an interviewee speak when he (or she) was speaking. Do not interrupt. She stopped and waited.

Fanderpeice moved the chair forward so that now he was no more than a few inches away from Jane. He continued, "Sex is one of our methods for helping our members. It is also a main determinant for choosing our members.

" We use two criteria for choosing those we might wish to have as members of our group. Criteria one: That they be people with extraordinary talent and abilities. Obviously, you fit that criteria. Criteria two: That they have suppressed an essential part of their sexual nature because they believe the pull of libidinous pleasure, if they allowed it full expression, would interfere with the full expression of their talents and abilities."

"You think I don't get enough sex?" Jane asked.

"Oh, no, we don't think you don't get enough sex, only that you have refused to allow a free and full expression of your libidinous impulses."

"I don't think you understand or know me as well as you believe you do," she said.

"But we do," Fanderpeice said. "Stand up, please."

Jane hesitated for a moment, then stood. 

Fanderpeice, still sitting, but now only inches from Jane, his head level with her stomach, leaned forward. He stretched his large hands out and gently, but firmly, held her at the hips. 

"What are you doing?"

He said nothing. He gently pulled her hips forward. He leaned his head forwards and delivered a kiss to her stomach, just below her belly button, his chin pressed just above her pubic bone.

"I really do think we ought to get back to the interview," she said. She said it automatically, out of some vague notion that it was what she ought to say. A flow of lugubrious honey-juice soaked the inner lining of her vagina. Her legs were firm on the ground but seemed suddenly to be super sensitive. She could feel her skirt brushing against her legs, the edge of the couch cushion as it touched her calves. 

She felt his lips against her stomach.

She felt his chin against atop her pubic bone.

"Really? You want to return to the interview?" Fanderpeice replied.

She felt the breath of air expelled from his mouth as he spoke. A shiver ran from her stomach up to her throat. What she was feeling below her stomach she didn't want to know.

Did she want to return to the interview? "No," Jane gestured weakly. The powerful, diligent, unstoppable Jane Bederson the world knew and admired disappeared. Turning her head weakly left to right, right to left signifying "No," whatever she wanted, it wasn't to stop him from what he was doing.

Fanderpeice took his hands from Jane's waist. He stood. Slowly.

Her hips felt bereft, empty. She needed his hand's firm grip. Every fiber of her skin was alive, the nub of her breast tender, extended. She was breathing hard, her mouth slightly open. Her eyes looked straight ahead, but she saw nothing but the side of his nose, his freshly shaved cheek. She lifted her hands, put them around his waist, and pulled him closer. 

A second, maybe two seconds, later Jane stood with her spine against the high back of the couch she had been sitting on. She was facing Fanderpeice whose body was pressed against hers. She felt his penis press against her tremblingly alive pubic bone. His organ felt gigantic and hard.

It felt so hard. She pulled Fanderpeice even closer to her. She felt his cock pressing against her vagina. It was so hard. She felt the tip of his rock of an organ press against her perineum and then move slowly along her vulva to her swollen labia, up towards her tingling, engorged clitoris. She could feel his prick through the material of his trousers, through the material of her dress, through the material of her thin panties. Amazingly, her senses were so alive that Jane could feel his tool well enough to tell that he was circumcised. 

Jane had been excited before, often. But the word 'excited' didn't even come close to describing what she was feeling at this moment. She was ready to rip off her clothes. She was ready to tear Fanderpeice's shirt off, pull his pants down. She was prepared to get on her knees and to stuff his prick into her mouth. She wanted his hard cock deep into her cunt. Really there were no specifics. She couldn't tell exactly what it was that she did want. But she did know that she wanted sex. She wanted to be naked. She wanted him to be naked. She wanted to see that glorious 8 1/2" tool that just rubbing against her cunt's engorged lips was bringing her to a state of sexual frenzy. 

"The commander and I met at a convention of some sort many years ago," Fanderpeice said. Jane heard the words and briefly felt her sexual excitement ease enough for his words to enter her consciousness.

"Somehow," he continued, "we ended up in her hotel room. After hours and hours of fucking and sucking and anything else we could think of, we decided that we had broken through some barrier and that was the germinating seed for the idea that became Xanadu"

Jane had no idea of how it had happened, but as Fanderpeice spoke she realized that she was now sitting on the couch again and that Fanderpeice was slowly unbuttoning her blouse. One by one, as he spoke, he undid the buttons which ran down the front of her blouse. 

When they were all opened and her blouse hung loose, she felt his arms reach inside and around to release the clasp on her bra, freeing her breasts from their confinement.

His hands were now at her skirt, loosening its ties and pulling its zipper down. He leaned forward and put his warm hand inside the band of her panties. 

"What had happened," Fanderpeice's voice suddenly penetrated her hearing as his hand stopped, rested at the top of her vulva just above her clit and stayed there, "was that each of us had freed him/herself, the other, of some hindrance, some repressive hold. And after that repression was gone it was Katie bar the door to sexual repression, but also Katie bar the door to all manner of repression, being too careful, being too mindful."

Jane lifted her ass from the couch slightly as Fanderpeice slipped her panties down, slowly down. The panties hung at her calves stayed as she spread open her ankles wide

. 

"Let's get undressed," he said. "We can continue the interview. I can answer your questions in a while. But first, let's get undressed, and let's get down and dirty.

Jane Bederson, Jane Bederson, what are you doing? Jane asked herself as she removed her blouse and shook her bra loose, letting it fall to her lap before being shrugged to the ground. She stepped out of her panties. 

What was she doing? 

She was preparing to get fucked! That was what she was doing. 

Jane breathed in deeply, puffed her chest out. She stood squarely facing Fanderpeice who had just pulled off his socks and was as fully naked as she was. He wasn't smiling, but his eyes were lit as if he were. His cock was fully erect. 

Nice bod, Jane thought. He was ripped. He looked strong which, she thought, meant he was tough enough to be gentle. 

Her cunt juice was flowing. She was able to catch a whiff of her sex smell as it wafted upwards. She was ready. "Let's at it," she demanded and walked into his embrace. 

Then she was in his arms his body pressing against hers, and she was walking backwards until her spine pushed against the wall. His body pressed its full weight against hers. Conversation had ended. Apparently, the interview had been terminated.

Jane's total being was centered at her cunt where she felt his big, thick, erect, erect cock rubbing hard against the soft outer pad of her cunt, moving hard until his tumescent bone of cock pressed tight against her engorged bud of clit, now swollen out of its hood and tingling madly. 

She came! Quickly and suddenly a supreme implosion, explosion, misplosion, something grand burst from her clit and spread up and down her body in jubilant frenzy. 

The orgasm was short, but, wow, was it something. 

That wasn't too bad for a beginning, was it?" Fanderpeice said.

She had forgotten he was there. "Wow," was all she was able to say.

Fanderpeice put his hands on her thighs and lifted her legs around his body. Her cunt remained tight against his cock. She wrapped her legs around his body and held on tightly as he carried her across the room to a door she hadn't realized was there into a bedroom and onto a large, soft, bed. As soon as she lay down she opened her legs and spread them widely. His prick entered her cunt and slid in deeply as the inner walls of her wet cunt squeezed around his talented prick. When he had entered fully, the head of his prick as deep as it could go, Jane clenched her pussy muscle and held his rock-hard organ tightly, keeping it from moving. They lay there in the good old reliable missionary position, he on top, his mighty rod deep and tight in her cunt and her pussy muscle clenching and unclenching as their pubic bones rubbed against each other and he maintained the grinding with the slightest circular movement of his ass.

And Jane came again. 

Her engorged clit, trembling and pulsing madly swelled out of its hood. The inner lining of her cunt gripped his instrument tightly. She uttered one continuous bleat of ahs and ous over and over again, softer and louder and then even louder, louder. This orgasm spread from her cunt upwards and downwards, lasted for a long time and warmed her body, everything, to a rosy glow of pure contentment.

Her eyes were wide and her mouth opened. She felt his still erect very large penis ease its way out of her throbbing cunt.

Fanderpeice sat with a pillow cushioning his back against the wall. He smiled.

Her eyes were wide and her mouth opened. She felt his still erect very large penis ease its way out of her throbbing cunt.

Peace reigned.

From Jane a long sigh and: "God's in his heaven/ All's right with the world."

"First the commander and I decided to start this place, Xanadu for ourselves. Then, very quickly, we decided to grow it. Each of us had already achieved all the success we needed or wanted to achieve in a material sense, but we felt empowered and freed to achieve even more now that we were unencumbered by sexual reticence. We began to look around, to see if we could spot other people we thought might profit as we had by being unloosed sexually."

Blah, blah, blah thought Jane as Fanderpeice continued talking. Yeah, she wanted to get the information, but right at this moment she was much more fascinated by his semi-flaccid prick. She moved off the bed. She was on the floor, now on her knees. His prick, less flaccid suddenly, was inches from her face. She bent her neck forward and gave that lovely, large prick a gentle kiss, a kiss befitting the pleasure that thick, lovely instrument had bestowed on her. She opened her lips and sucked his penis past her teeth and into the deep recess of her mouth to warm it. She swirled her tongue around its shaft, savoring the sweet taste of her own cunt-juice as she licked it from his prick. Her thumb and forefinger encircled the base of his fuck stick and she gently moved her cupped hand up and down, slowly, tasting all she could and feeling his cock once again become tumescent, hard, strong. She felt the head of his prick now at the back of her throat as he began to move his hips in a slow fucking motion. She felt his prick swell and realized that at any moment she would be tasting and then swallowing his ejaculate. No! Not yet! First she wanted his grand instrument in her cunt again.

Fanderpeice recognized Jane's desire and quit his fucking motions. 

Jane kept his prick in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the tip of his cock feeling it lose some of its hardness. Then, she moved her tongue forward slowly, softly running it along the underside of his cock, trying to feel with her tongue whether he was becoming fully tumescent again and, then, when it started to harden, she sucked it in all the way again before allowing it to leave her mouth.

Jane sat up. "Yoweee," she said, and she lifted her hands up over her head in a gesture of victory. "Now that was good." She continued, "More!"

Fanderpeice smiled. "You always say 'yowee' after a good fucking?" he asked.

"Don't know," she replied, "let's fuck some more and find out." She lay back down on the bed, spreading her legs and lifting her feet straight up into the air, opening her cunt to Fanderpeice. Actually, she thought, she didn't usually say 'yowee.' As a matter fact, she thought, she could not recall ever having uttered a 'yowee' after having sex.

He lay above Jane, supporting most of his weight by extending his arms and flattening his hands on the bed, his body lightly brushing hers as his still-wet-from-her- sucking prick once again began its sliding up and down motion against her cunt.

"Fuck me," she said.

"Please?" he offered.

"Pretty please," she said.

With the length of his prick, he parted the lips of her vagina and then invaded the dank, ruby red sanctum of her cunt-juice-wet pussy. She groaned in pleasure. He took her 

hand and moved it down to her clit. She began to gently rub her clit through its sheath as he began his slow, hard thrusts into her welcoming cunt.

She rubbed. He thrust his prick deep towards her cervix. He slipped a finger into the top of her cunt and moved the finger up, pressing from inside her cunt against the outside pressure of her fingers rubbing against her clitoris. The thrusts of his prick deep into her cunt quickened. She began a series of gasping sounds, "Ah, ah, ah...... ." The sound got louder with each of her grunts. His thrusts got deeper. Her grunts turned into a long continuous mewl. His thrusting cock moved faster. She yelled. His cock plunged deeper and harder into her cunt. His chest heaved against her tits. Every nerve in her body tingled. He continued his hard fucking until, at last, she came, and came, and came. Her clit shivered in pleasure and the pleasure engulfed her whole being, spreading from the deepest part of her cunt outward to the lips of her cunt, to her clit, upwards to her stomach, her chest, her neck and the top of her skull, down towards her legs, her feet and her toes. The coming didn't stop. It grew in its intensity. Jane continued with her mewing and growling, coming and coming and coming. Her coming seemed to last forever.

Finally, he slipped his cock from the grasping slit of her cunt. Her super sensitized body slowly began to relax, to return to normal. 

One more note to Dear Reader: 

Your faithful, author needs to take a short break right now. But worry not. Our tale will continue in the nonce.....and, the author promises that the wait will be worth it. The sex will really get hot then.