 You walk into the staff room one fine Friday afternoon to submit an assignment that was long since overdue...

Nobody is in the whole software block...

You're all alone...

You quietly creep in, thinking that the room is empty...

But then...

It's Mr. C, YOUR NEW IN TEACHER!!

He has been waiting for you...

He asks you why you haven't submitted your assignment yet...

You are speechless... and just stand there while he looks you over...

He gets up... and slowly walks toward you...

He snatches the book out of your hand and drops it on the ground.

You slowly bend down to pick it up...

And as you rise, he is gone...

But then...

You feel a warm breath, followed by a voice behind your right earlobe...

He whispers...

"You've been a bad bad girl..."

You try and turn around to speak, but he holds your arms behind your back in his vice like grip.

"Shhh..." he says

"You need to be taught a lesson, don't you young lady?"

And she said:

"No, please, I swear I'll submit on time... "

He said

"I don't believe you..."

"I think you're just telling me what I want to hear..."

He releases his grip and slowly backs away...

You stand there, shaking while he walks out of the room with a grin on his face...

*Two weeks later*

After last week's incident in the staff room, she was scared to her depths of Mr. C... 

She sat in front of her computer, trying to work through the last of her program sets, while the rest of the students and the staff slowly left the lab...

She continued to work, debugging the code... The lab was empty as the lab attendant went outside to go hand in some papers at the office.

The strange smell that hung in the room, slowly became more and more prominent...

The screen in front of her slowly began getting hazy, she tried squinting but it just kept getting worse... She finally stood up, only to feel light headed and woozy. She crumpled to the floor and passed out into darkness...

She woke up in a hospital room, with the nurse patting her forehead with a wet bandage...

"She's awake..." She yelled.

"Call in the doctor please."

A man in a white coat appeared before her and told her how the air conditioning in the Lab had malfunctioned and that the coolant had leaked into the circulation. 

"A prof at the college who had just been walking past, saw you lying face down on the floor. He ran in, picked you up and rushed you here. You were very lucky, few more minutes and you would've been asphyxiated..."

Just then, a man walked into the room, she couldn't make out his face... Partly because her spectacles were off, and partly because she was still kind of woozy...

She saw that he was tall, with a dark intense face and gruff spiky short hair...

She realized who it was, and 

You said: Thank you

You were slowly beginning to find this rude, and seemingly dangerous man for something much more...

He had just saved your life, not out of some misplaced sense of obligation, but out of actual concern...

You slowly went to sleep thinking...

... he's not that bad as all that now is he... hmm...

Weeks pass by and every time he walked into class you slowly began taking in parts of his visage, his words, his voice and his being... He enchanted you... He made you want to exceed and out reach beyond what you thought was acceptable...

He made you want him.

Every assignment he gave, every test he took, you strived to be perfect...

he was the only thing that mattered and you would do anything that was needed to be worthy of his glance and acknowledgement.

You had a wicked thought. A thought that was reminiscent of your first bittersweet meeting with him...

Your want for him, led you to do the one thing that could get him closer to you. The absolute sign of his acknowledgement of you...

You defaulted on your submission... And ironically enough, planned your own... to him.

You walk into his chamber, not like last time, but with an air of defiance, of blatant disregard of his set ultimatum... As if challenging him, demanding as if to say:

"I am here, I've defied your authority, so what're you gonna do about it?"

She flings the file on his table and stares at him with a wild grin on her face...

He is visibly calm, he knows what you're trying to do, and calmly smiles as he rises from his seat...

You are excited.

As he slowly walks towards you, you slowly begin to feel your rising heart beat...

thump 

thump thump

thump thump thump...

Your skin feels hot, and a cold sweat breaks on the nape of your neck... he asks you in a clear and suave voice:

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

You nod...

Fine then..." he says, as he clasps your waist in his arms and pulls you across his stationary covered table...

Everything on it falls to the ground as he slides them off and bends down toward your face as you lay on your back...

He is smiling now

And he says...

You've been a bad bad girl.

Brakes are off... You have given up your right to speak now. So shut the fuck up and watch your fantasy play out.

As you look into his eyes, those dark brown eyes that stare right back into yours, transfixed in the moment... He touches his lip against yours and pulls away just as quickly...

He pulls up, as you try and reach his lips, he has his hands on your wrists, preventing you from bending forward and upward...

You struggle to touch lips, as you push up with your back and chest put out to get the most reach you could possibly muster...

He eases up a bit, and lets you.

But he's still pinned your legs to the edge of the table with his own...

You slowly fall into his hard embrace, feeling his stubble on your cheek, the scent of citrus and a raw ocean breeze off his face and feel his lips sucking your own dry...

His tongue teases yours and plays around inside your mouth, tantalizing and surprising you at every moment that seemed to be in that experience...

His hands slowly move off of your wrists and slowly cradle you head, his fingers running through your lush hair, his thumbs behind your earlobes...

As he kisses you, his thumbs gently tease, as they rub against the back of your ear...

Slowly and gently, you moan, your voice barely escaping you as lips stay intertwined with yours...

A feeling of raw exhilaration runs up your spine as he removes one hand from behind your head...

And slowly moves it toward your shoulder... With outstretched palm, straight and flat, he runs it over your breasts...

You quiver as he gently feels you up from over the fabric of your uniform...

Your skin feels as if it were radiating raw heat... Warm and sweltering, you moved your own free hand...

Your hand moved downwards...

Lower into your most sacred of places, as if reaching for solace.

He slaps your hand away and pulls himself off of your soft lips...

He stares at you, a stern expression on his face...

"Don't" he said.

"Not until I say so..."

"Do I make myself clear?"

You nod...

He picks you up now, with his strong arms, as he moves toward his chair. He places his arms, under your shapely derriere, as he stares intently into your eyes...

Your own legs wrapped around his torso...

His hands on your lower back...

Yours around his neck...

He sits at the edge of his chair...

With you still in his arms

He slowly begins to kiss you again...

your legs wrap tighter around him, his firm lats flexing under pressure...

In this state of passion, he reaches into the front of your top, and begins to unbutton...

he takes it off as you continue to kiss him and he slowly runs his open palms over the inside of your thighs...

You are insatiable now, wanting more, so much more... Just groveling and being conformed to his whim like he chooses... You rip his shirt off and reach around his broad shoulders...

He in turn, reaches behind your buttocks, spanks you sharply and pulls down your bottoms...

You let out a little whimper, but it is muffled as he places a finger on your lips...

You, eyes wide, blank faced acknowledge his action and get up off of him and take two steps back...

He sits there on his chair, looking at your hot, half naked body.

You grab your cell phone out of your side bag, that is lying on the floor... and drop a beat on its music player...

You move forward two steps, close to his knees but still far enough so his hands don't reach you... 

You see him sitting down... And see his traps flexed from holding you up earlier. You take a twirl around him once the music begins... Lightly caressing him with one hand as you walk.

You pause when you're behind him, giving a light kiss on the neck, running your fingers over his chest...

"We are just getting warmed up no...?" You mew...

"2 minutes 30 seconds left on the song..."

"Oh yeah..." he responds intently

You resume the stroll till you've reached in front of him. Now came a crucial question.

"Are you a derriere person, or a frontal person?" You inquire.

"A bit of both..." said he.

"Aah. Mixture. Better." You say as you give a wickedly slutty smile.

Once in front, you stand with your back to him, and begin the swaying step. 

You move your bubble derriere in a figure of 8, with your back arched tight, to the beat of the song...

He is evidently turned on now, with his lips forming the words:

"That is super hot..."

You turn back to look at the him... Take his shirt off... more like rip it off like some part of an older reference.

You have two options now,

You can either sit on his lap facing him with your hands around his shoulder...

Or can slowly lower yourself, bobbing your butt in a figure of 8 on his lap, facing the other side. You ask him what he prefers...

He says he would prefer to look you dead in the eyes.

"Ooh intense..." you say excitedly.

The ministrations continue, where your lower body is swaying to the tune of the song, and you're planting kisses wherever pleases it him...

After you gave him the lap dance, he turns you around, and holds you in his embrace... one arm over your chest and the other reaching below...

He stands up, raising you with him, the six inches that he has over you...

He bends you over the desk, at your waist...

And pulls down your bottoms as he asks

"You have been a bad girl, and deserved to be punished... Don't you think so...?"

You think to yourself now:

"And now my bad acting skills will come out..."

And you respond:

"Yess... I have be..."

*thwack*

"Ouch!"

He slaps your behind. Hard.

He does this as your soft moans of pleasure dictate the intensity of his palm hitting your derriere...

He slowly eases off, as he sees you gasping for breath...

Your bottom warm to the touch and pink to behold... He turns you around yet again and parts your legs...

He winks at you before going down, as your head tilts back in heavenly bliss

Your moans grow louder and more indiscreet as he works magic on your wet womanhood...

You wrap his head tightly in between your firm slick inner thighs and lay back on the table, yours hands running over your face in ecstasy...

His long arms reach upwards as he begins fondling your breasts...

You pick up one of his hands and begin sucking on his fingers passionately...

He reciprocates, all the while his tongue sending surges of pleasure through your soaking wet kitten... eating you out like an oyster, while paying due attention to the pearl... 

He runs circles around your clit as he occasionally and randomly flicks it forcefully with the tip of his tongue and enjoying all the high pitched moaning you let slip.

He pulls his finger out of your mouth as he teases your buds... Fingers straight, palm flat, he grazes the tips of your breasts as if stroking a delicate tapestry... Your nips respond, almost immediately as they harden, standing out like bullets on your beautifully shaped breasts... He uses both hands now, and with his index fingers begins to play with your body, your shaking sweltering, hot naked body... your womanhood gushing and soaking with pleasure, his mouth still playing with it like soft taffy...

You lick both his fingers now, and he begins gently pinching your nipples... He stops and teases you as he moves the fingers around your hard tips in a clockwise-anti clockwise motion, not touching them...

They are hard to the point that they begin to physically ache, begging to be touched; you pull your hands out of his hair and reach for them so as to relieve them of their sensual agony...

He sees this from his otherwise engaged state of play, and restrains your hands under your back with his powerful hands.

You let out a deep moan...

"Please... let me please... They tingle..."

Even with your thighs wrapped around his head, he still nods his head from side to side, his powerful neck twisting as he does...

He steps it up a notch now, pushing his mouth harder into your slit, pushing his tongue deeper into your moist honeypot. His tongue is moving in all directions now, up and down, in and out, around and around, pulling out occasionally to suck on and flick your throbbing little clit...

You just lay there thrashing from side to side, waves of fantastic pleasure running up your hard swearing body as you stay restrained, completely pinned... Your arms by his and your legs by the sheer addictive feeling of his mouth between them... 

Then, suddenly, he pulls his head out from your dripping wet cunt, flips you up and over, sets your derriere on the table facing him and pulls out his long hard engorged manhood... A singular drop of wetness running down your right inner thigh...

Looking you deep into your eyes, he gently nods, as he thrusts it into your prepped minge. You wrap your legs around his tapered waist, your calves locked in place above his firm rock hard ass... Your arms around his neck, hands resting on opposite deltoids as you hold on for grip as he slams into you every instant...

You feel it moving rubbing inside your most intimate of parts, lightning bolts going through you with every stroke as he passionately makes out with you, his tongue tasting of your essence...

Your derriere cushioning his thrusts against the warm and slippery table...

He speeds it up, his hands fondling your breasts, squeezing and now pinching your hard nipples. You moan loudly though his mouth over yours, he lets go and you moan with your naked lips toward the pale ceiling... 

He pulls a hand off your breast and begins vigorously rubbing your throbbing clit, as you near your climax...

You feel it building up inside you, like a dam about to burst. Unable to contain the pressure any more...

You let out a soft whimper:

"I'm coming, I'm coming... Oh fuck, I'm coming..."

He continues to rub your clit with on hand as he thrusts into you, strokes fast and deep... building with every second... He groans as he nears climax himself and says:

"You've been very naughty, tell me what you are if you want to come..." he begins to slow his thrusting down, and pulls his hand off her clit, forcing her to respond

"I'm a naughty girl..." she whimpers, blind from the pleasure of her state

"Louder."

"I'm a naughty girl," she says again.

"Louder!"

"I'm a naughty naughty naughty girl... now please let me come like the naughty fucking girl that I am, I deserve to come after being punished..."

"LOUDER!"

"PLEASE LET ME COME SIR!! I AM A NAUGHTY GIRL WHO'S BEEN PUNISHED, LET ME FUCKING COMEE!!"

He pushes and pulls like a jackhammer, his hand rubbing her clit violently...

You finally break, overcome with a shattering orgasm that has you seeing the world in black, while spasms of pleasure pulse through your hot, sweaty, quivering body... he has come too, his body hot and thumping, with a single vein on the right of his forehead throbbing... He pushes you into the table, as he pops himself onto the table, holding your shaking naked body in his embrace...