 There is a knock on your hotel room door... 

"Who is it?" you ask, knowing full well that it's me because your friend told you to call me when you got to town...

The door opens and there you are... so beautiful... so sexy... right away, I want to kiss you... before we have time to realize what's happening, I'm putting my arms around you and gently touching my lips to yours... 

My lips feel cool from the cold night air outside... you kiss me with your eyes closed... your tongue explores my mouth...

As my hands move to your hips and pull you closer, your breasts press against my chest... we look into each other's eyes and kiss even more passionately...

You whisper softly... "let's go to the couch..." the look in your eyes is irresistible...

After lighting some candles. you turn out the overhead lights... soft music plays in the background... the candlelight flickers around the room as I sit next down to you and kiss you again...

As we hold each other close, you whisper... "my friend was right! I'm lucky to have met such a romantic man... do you know how much I want you???" your kisses tell me that you want me a lot! 

Your white silk blouse looks great with your short black skirt... I help you to take off your shoes... you spread your legs and welcome me between them... my pants are already getting kind of tight in the front...

Looking into your eyes, I smile and put my fingers on the top button of your blouse - waiting for a sign of permission... you take my fingers in yours and help them to undo the first button, kissing me gently as each button is released... looking down, I can see the gentle swell of your breasts... 

I kiss your neck... your shoulders... and then place my lips gently between your breasts above your bra... you whisper... "I want you SO much, Rory..." I unbutton my shirt and take it off, then help you to slip off your blouse... your hard nipples strain against the thin fabric of your lacy white bra...

Bending down, I kiss each nipple through the lace... then I unhook the front clasp and kiss each bare nipple... you are overcome by a wave of pleasure... gently, I place my thumbs on your nipples and massage them a bit... 

Looking down, I see that your short skirt has ridden up, revealing your black panties... they barely cover you at all and I can easily see that you are already getting moist...

"Help me to take my pants off, please?" I whisper into your ear as I stand up... "thank you! that feels so good! now my cock can grow to full size for you..."

You lean forward, grasp my rapidly-hardening cock, and place it between your breasts... you surround my cock with your soft breasts and kiss the tip of it at the same time!!! mmmmmmm... kiss it and make it really wet!

I unzip the side zipper of your short skirt... it falls aside, revealing your beautiful pussy delicately wrapped in your black panties...

You look into my eyes and we kiss again - even more passionately this time... your lips are moist and full... you motion for me to sit down... your eyes sparkle in the candlelight as you sit on my lap on the leather sofa with one leg on each side of me... you push me back and kiss me again... my fingers run through your hair, and yours run through mine...

Our kisses become more serious now...

"Talk to me, Lover... " I whisper... "tell me what you want..."

"Lick my pussy and then make love to me..." you say as you press your beautiful breasts against my chest and playfully touch one of your hard nipples to one of mine...

"They are extremely sensitive..." you continue... "if you suck on them I'll get very wet..."

I take this as a challenge and start to kiss your nipples, first one - then the other... you tip your head back and sigh softly as my fingers move to feel the front of your panties... yes, you are wet already!

Taking this opportunity to stand up, you step out of your panties and move closer and closer until your pussy is just inches from my face... I move my hands behind you and gently pull you towards my lips...

After only a couple of kisses on your pussy, you push me down until I'm lying on the couch, and move to straddle my face... you lower yourself slowly until my tongue just touches your pussy... I lick it - just a tiny lick - teasing you...

From up above I hear your voice... "I really need you to suck on my clit now!"

I lick a bit deeper, and as my tongue separates your pussy lips, I can taste your clit getting more and more aroused... taking it into my mouth, I suck it gently, then kiss it... you press your whole pussy down against my lips...

Your hands move to your breasts... my hands move to your rear as you begin to ride my tongue...

Breathing hard, you manage to whisper... "you're going to make me cum!!!"

I lick as deep as I can and each time your hard clit passes my lips, I give it a little suck... your womanly smells are driving me wild now! your juices are flowing... your fingers move to spread your pussy lips wide so my tongue can flick against your clit... faster... faster!

You reach behind you with one hand and feel my cock through my jeans... I unzip my zipper for you and you reach in to grasp my rock-hard cock in your hand...

I suck your whole clit into my mouth... you gasp and whisper... "please don't stop!" 

I don't...

Your hips move back and forth as you ride your clit across my tongue... faster... Faster!

Suddenly you pause... "are you close?" I ask... "do you want to cum on my tongue?"

You press down hard against my tongue - taking it all inside of you... I can feel your pussy muscles begin to ripple, and then my tongue is suddenly covered with your sweet cum... you stay in that position for a couple of minutes - moving only slightly and enjoying all of those delicious sensations that orgasms bring to you...

Sitting up, you motion for me to stand... as I do, you place my cock between your warm breasts once again, suck the tip of it hard, and then move your hands to my shoulders to guide me down... down... down... I kneel between your wide open legs again...

My rock-hard cock leaves a trail of wetness down your chest and tummy until it's poised right at the opening of your pussy... you look down and watch as I rub my shaft up and down your clit - making you even wetter with desire... 

Just when you can't wait any longer, your move your hips towards me... your dripping pussy lips are like a magnet as they wrap around my waiting cock... you feel wet, warm, and wonderful! time seems to stand still for a brief moment - as if the world was just waiting for this to happen...

"Push it in farther..." you say breathlessly... "but please go slow because it's SO big!"

You spread your smooth legs even wider, lean back on the sofa, and watch as more and more of my huge erection slides into your quivering pussy... 

Walking your hips towards me some more, you take even more of my big cock inside... then, your teasing becomes too much for me and I thrust as far inside of you as I can!!! you gasp a bit and then relax to allow it all in... we are both anticipating what comes next...

I slide my arms underneath your legs to hold them up... slowly, slowly, I pull out all but the first inch, then make several smooth strokes ALL the way in and ALL the way out... your smile turns to a grin in the candlelight...

Your fingers move to encircle my cock and rub the tip of it against your swollen clit... then you rub it around the entire outside of your pussy... your clit swells even more as it rides along my shaft... your wet fingers guide my erection back inside of you, and I slowly, slowly push as deep as it will go - all in one smooth motion...

Now my strong arms are holding your legs up so that they are spread as wide as possible... your hips are moving from side to side as my cock is stroking in and out... faster... faster... FASTER!!!

I can see your beautiful breasts bouncing with each deep thrust...

Pushing hard and deep, I pause and begin to flex my cock muscles... you arch your back and we begin to move together again...

Your eyes are closed now and your breathing is heavy... you are rotating your hips in circles as I push... Pull... PUSH!!! 

A wave of warmth comes over me, and I'm about to explode inside of you! your eyes are still closed and your intense moans tell me that you are already cumming again and again...

The first wave of my cum begins to flow... I try to hold back the rest for a minute and pump! Pump! PUMP!!!

You can feel my warm cum squirting against the very back of your pussy... I look up to where your fingers are pulling on your nipples... your eyes are closed... your tongue is wetting your lips... and still you are cumming! 

