 A few quick keystrokes and the computer began to shut down. Derrick pushed his chair back and raised his arms over his head in a stretch; quietly his back popped as he wiggled in the chair. Standing up he stared at the wall and sighed, another night, another empty bed. He turned towards the bedroom and froze in place. 

"How... how did you get there?" He gawked dazedly at the girl standing in the doorway to his bedroom. She was dressed in a simple purple tank top and shorts, her long blonde hair in a fray around her shoulders. 

"I don't know. You tell me." She blinked at him. "I'm as confused as you are... Derrick??" She rubbed her eyes. "It is you! You look just like your picture!"

"Wait, Sasha? But you're on the opposite end of the country right now. How the hell did you find me?"

"I didn't find you. I went to bed and woke up standing here. Wait. I must be dreaming. Cool... no wait, not cool, not fair." She frowned furiously. "Well, hell, if I'm dreaming don't wake me up." She grinned at him. 

"But, I'm not dreaming, hell I haven't even gone to bed yet."

"I can tell. You're still dressed. Typically my dreams don't involve clothes." She winked at him. "I have to say though; your place is tidy and boring."

"What do you expect? I'm a single guy who takes a lot of trips, there's never anyone here to mess it up." He stepped towards her slowly. She was looking around the room not really paying attention to him. She jumped slightly when he put his hand to her cheek. 

Sasha looked into Derrick's eyes and smiled softly. She placed her hand on his wrist and lowered her eyes. "It is good to see you up close, even if it is only in my dreams." Her eyes met his again.

"If it is a dream, I don't want to wake up. You feel real, that's good enough for me." He pulled her face up to his and began to kiss her slowly. His hand dropped down and pulled her hip to him, the other hand went up her back. Her hands slid up his back and to his shoulders. The response drove him on. 

Her lips parted slightly and he eagerly accepted the invitation. Faster he delved into her mouth, enjoying her taste and her responses. Their feet shuffled and he pressed her against the door jamb behind her, one hand behind her neck, the other across her ass. 

A muffled cry caught his attention and he felt her hands on his chest. He pulled back with regret and looked at her glittering eyes. 

"Air! I need it!" She gasped.

"I'm sorry!" He let go and stepped back.

"No, it's ok." She panted and ran her tongue across her lips. "Though, I am surprised to find my lips still intact." She grinned in a wicked way that made him want to grab her again, but instead he blushed and lowered his head slightly. 

"I'm sorry; I just got a little carried away. It has been... You know what, never mind, not important right now." He ran his fingers through his hair. "God you look beautiful."

That laugh, that weird laugh he'd only heard slightly garbled through a mike startled him. "Me? In my P.J.s? Beautiful?" She spread out her arms in indication. "Ah, I guess everyone has their own tastes." 

"Ok, stop. Just stop that." Derrick pulled her to him. "I've heard just about enough of you and your self hate. You're a beautiful confident person, and I can't believe you'd doubt yourself in anything."

A grin so mischievous it was almost evil preyed across those slightly swollen lips. "How about you prove it to me. Hmm?" She winked as she shrugged. "I know that I am comfortable in my own skin. Sure I hate my voice, it's awful and irregular, but the rest of me..." 

She pushed him back and turned around, taking a couple of steps away. Stretching her arms up as her body arched was only describable as a cat-like motion so slow and deliberate it made his mouth water. Sasha looked over one shoulder and grinned. "Come and get it."

He moved in close, his hands reaching around to her stomach, the fingers of one hand across her stomach, the other moving carefully up the top of her shirt. His lips closed on the curve of her neck and he ran his tongue along the ridge there and sucked long and hard. Her gasps of pleasure drove him harder and deeper, the shivers along her sides distinct. He let go with a slight pop and licked the bruised that formed there. 

She turned around so fast he barely had time to register her movements. "Oh now, I'm going to have to pay you back for that one." Her face dove for his jaw and began to place kisses and nips along his jaw. Her hands moved along the front of his shirt as her lips worked their way to his neck. She sucked hard just as she yanked open his shirt, ripping a random button or two. She pulled back and grinned. "Oh but you are built, I like that." 

"Well," He stammered. "With my work you kind of have..." 

She placed a finger over his mouth. "Oh, enough of that." She pressed her body up against him, the soft material of her shirt brushing his chest, their lips raced together in a meeting of flesh and passion. Their legs shifted and shuffled along the thin carpet. His hands ran up her shirt and his fingertips brushed the undersides of her breasts. She gasped softly. "Oh but it's hard to resist my own body." She murmured into his lips. 

She pulled back slightly and yanked off her own shirt. He stared briefly at her beautiful breasts before bending his head down and taking one of her hard nipples into his mouth and sucking. She moaned loudly and grabbed his neck. He placed kisses and quick licks across both breasts. She fell onto the bed and he grinned down at her. He removed his damaged shirt and yanked off his belt. She grinned and started to pull off her shorts. 

"Don't. That's my job." He grinned down at her. 

She licked her lips and watched him yank off his pants. As the pants and underwear came off she sat up and tried to lean down, he caught her by the shoulders. "Oh, no you don't."

"Why ever not?" She pouted.

"I want this dream to last a bit thank you, and if you do that..." He grinned at her. "It'll be over entirely too soon." 

He kissed her kips gently and pushed her back. Tugging the shorts and panties off, he ran his lips down her belly and took little nips along the way; she gasped sharply as he made his way down her body and ran his fingers in her soft and damp hairs. His mouth graced the inner flesh of her thighs as he teased her with his deft fingers. He slipped a finger in carefully and flicked his tongue along her slit. 

Yanking the sheets around her, Sasha's hands grasped at the bed. Her body shivered almost violently as he had his way with her most sensitive areas. As she gasped for breath he moved swiftly up the bed and nipped her neck. He placed his hips between her legs, his hard dick just out of reach.

"Oh, please." She gasped. 

"I said I wanted it to last a little longer." His lips ravaged hers as his fingers moved across her soft and heated body, her nails dug too deep into his arm and he yelped as they cut a gash in his skin. She looked up, dazed. 

"I'm sorry." She mumbled.

"I'm made of stronger stuff." He murmured into her lips.

With a quick shift of his hips and legs he was buried deep inside her. She cried out softly in ecstasy. "Oh yes." She hissed into his ear. 

Slowly and deliberately trying to hang on, Derrick moved within her warm wet folds, his breath as ragged and harsh as hers. When he could hold back no longer, they both began to move in a rhythmic motion faster and faster until every nerve was raw. He felt her convulse and clamp around him, she shivered violently and he let go, his own body relieved of the strain. 

They panted and gasped, drenched with sweat. Unable to move, he buried his face in her hair. 

"That was awesome." She panted.

He laughed and rolled off of her. "Well, that's a new one." 

She rolled on her side and put her head on her hand. "I can't help that I'm a sexual creature. My dreams are always awesome sex."

"Well I, for one, am glad to be part of your so called 'dream'." 

She laughed again, this time a sound so innocent he almost wondered if it really came from her. He smiled at her and ran his fingers in her hair. 

"I'm going to hate waking up in the morning." He sighed.

"Yeah, me too." She ran her fingers on his chest. "But for now, let's just sleep like this."

"Let's." He smiled and closed his eyes.

Derrick winced at the sunlight streaming through the window. He jerked awake and grabbed at the bed. The sheets were wet with sweat. He looked at his shoulder, at the bit of dried blood that still sat there. He jumped up and ran around his apartment looking for her, for any sign, but there was none. He sighed and flicked on his computer. A message popped up on the screen.

It was her. "I had the most amazing dream last night! You'll never guess what it was about..."