 It didn't feel like adultery. Yes, we both cheated on our spouses. Yes, we hurt not only each other but also put in jeopardy those who loved us and trusted us. It caused us great anguish and torment. It was reckless. And yet I believe we would both do it all over again even knowing the pain that we were going to face.

It all began when I received an invitation to attend my high school reunion. Up until then I thought I was a happily married man with a bright future. I had no idea that this weekend was about to change my life. It was like a trap door was opened below me on the stage and I was falling out of control waiting to be shattered to pieces.

I hadn't thought about Becky since high school. She had been a good friend. We flirted regularly but were both dating other people. I was pleasantly surprised when I ran into her at the opening reception. She was still attractive with a nice body that she kept in peak condition by teaching aerobics. Her red hair and sparkling green eyes made it hard not to be attracted to her.

We hit it off like old times and were soon engaged in long conversations about life and time past and lost innocence. She was married with three kids. I was married with two. Our spouses had stayed home. I was surprised when Becky told me that she had a crush on me in high school and wished all our flirting and teasing had led to something more. We talked until everyone had left. I finally walked her back to her hotel room.

"You can come in if you'd like," she said in a matter-of fact manner like it was no big deal. "There is a bottle of wine in the mini-bar, and I'm not tired."

We finished the bottle. A slow song from our high school days came on the oldies station playing in the background. I took her hand and pulled her from the chair. She threw her arms around my neck. Our bodies melded together and swayed to the music. We barely shuffled our feet. She looked up at me. Our lips brushed together and parted. Our tongues mingled. The song ended but we didn't move. Our lower bodies pressed together in a slow grind. She finally pulled away.

"Wow. I can't remember the last time I was kissed like that," Becky said finally pulling away. "What's happening?"

Rather than answer I pulled her back into my arms. The kiss resumed, this time with more passion. I slipped my hands down her back and pulled her tighter against me. It was like two teenagers discovering each other for the first time. Our bodies were on fire. She rubbed her pussy against my hard cock. My hand slipped down and squeezed her ass cheek. Becky finally pushed me away.

"We'd better stop before it gets out of control. We have others to think about. I'm sorry but I'm just not ready. Okay?"

I nodded as though I understood, but my head was spinning with lust. Reluctantly I headed for the door. When I opened it to leave she tilted her head for a goodnight kiss. That was all it took. I backed her against the wall and kissed her hard. We humped like two teenagers, shamelessly grinding our sex organs together. My hand went under her top and inside her bra. I tugged on her hard nipple. 

Becky gasped and spun away from me. I pressed behind her sliding my hands around her waist and up under her top. I ground my cock into her ass cheeks and nibbled on her neck. My fingers squeezed the soft flesh of her breasts and tweaked her nipples.

"Oh god, what are you doing to me," she gasped. "We have to stop."

Becky made no effort to pull away. I slid a hand across her stomach pushing it under the waistband of her white pants and into her panties. My fingers slid through the curly hair covering her mound until they reached the searing folds of her hot pussy. I curled two fingers into her body. She put her hand on my arm but made no effort to pull me away. 

My fingers continued to dig inside her steamy passage. I found her clit with my thumb. Her juices were flowing onto my hand. I curled my fingers against her pelvic bone looking for that spot that drives most women crazy. Becky arched her back. Squeals and gasps exploded from her throat. Her body trembled. Juices gushed over my hand. Suddenly she pulled away from me.

"You have to go," she ordered practically crying. "I'm sorry... I... I can't..."

I went back to my room with a huge case of the blue balls. I should have done something to relieve the pressure but it somehow didn't seem right. I fell asleep thinking about Becky. I was concerned that she might be mad at me for pushing her too far. When I saw her the next morning I went to apologize. She was not at all angry. 

"You scared me, that's all," she explained apologetically. "I hardly ever have orgasms anymore, yet as soon as you touched me down there I exploded. I lost control. I wanted you inside me. I would have let you too. That's why I pushed you away. I can't cheat on my husband. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. You're a good person. There's nothing to be sorry about."

We spent the day together at the class picnic. It was hard for us to keep our hands off each other but we didn't want to raise any eyebrows. That night was the dinner-dance. Once again we closed the place down. This time I invited her to my room for a nightcap. I had a balcony that looked out over the ocean.

"Okay, but you have to be good," she said teasingly.

"I promise to be as good as you want me to be."

"Why does it always have to be the girl?' Becky protested. "It's just not fair."

We stood on the balcony. I opened a bottle of wine which we drank while listening to the waves crashing ashore. We talked about our lives. We came to realize that despite being married we were both lonely and desperate to share feelings of intimacy. Becky had never been able to get over the time her husband cheated on her with her best friend. She stayed for the kids but they had grown apart.

The alcohol gradually did its work and loosened our inhibitions. I put my arm around her shoulder and pulled her close. She tilted her face towards mine. Our lips met. I pulled her closer and shoved my tongue into her mouth. Our bodies melded together in a shameless rhythm of grinding and humping. 

I took Becky's hand and led her inside. We fell onto the bed. The kissing became more intense. I unzipped her dress down the back and loosened her bra. I pulled the straps from her shoulders exposing her naked breasts. My hand squeezed the soft flesh. I lowered my mouth and sucked a swollen nipple between my lips. She ran her fingers through my hair and moaned.

My hand slipped under her dress. I pressed my fingers against her mound through the silk panties she was wearing. Moisture seeped through the thin material. I found the outline of her clit and rubbed it in circles with my fingertip. She gasped and grabbed my arm. Her body shuddered. 

"I have to go pee," she declared swinging her legs over the side of the bed. "Do you have something more comfortable I can slip into? I don't want to wrinkle my dress." 

I handed her an oversized t-shirt. I decided to get more comfortable as well. I pulled on a t-shirt and a pair of loose gym shorts. When Becky returned I could see her nipples poking out and knew that she had removed her bra. She climbed onto the bed with her back to me and pulled my arm around her waist. 

I snuggled close kissing her on the neck and ear while pressing my cock into her firm ass cheeks. My hand slid under the t-shirt she was wearing. I gently rolled a nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I slipped my other hand between her legs and rubbed her pussy through her panties. My lips moved from her neck to her ear which I tongued. 

"Do me with your fingers," Becky moaned pressing her pussy against me in a fucking motion.

I slipped my hand into her panties and curled two fingers up and into her steamy hole. Becky spread her thighs and dug her fingernails into my forearm. I fucked her with my fingers and kissed her neck. Her breathing became an erratic mixture of gasps and moans. I pinched down hard on her nipple and dug my fingers against her pelvic bone looking for her sweet spot. I must have hit it.

"Oh god... nnnngggghhhhh... gggggggaaaaaaaaa..."

A gush of juice oozed from her pussy and coated my fingers and hand. Her body jerked and shuddered. Her fingernails dug deeper into my arm. Squeals and moans were interspersed with gasps. I pulled my dripping fingers out of her pussy and rubbed them across her clit sending her to new heights of pleasure until she finally pulled my hand away to catch her breath. 

"Oh god... wow. I usually have such a hard time getting one of those," Becky gasped as she rolled to face me. "What are you doing to me?"

"I think we're doing it to each other," I replied sitting back on the bed with a big lump pushing up from the front of my gym shorts, "Except you're the only one getting any relief."

"You poor thing," Becky teased. She snuggled up to me, pushed up my shirt and tweaked my nipples. "We'll have to do something about that."

I didn't know what she had in mind, but my cock was about to explode. Becky leaned down and sucked my nipple into her mouth using her teeth and tongue to stimulate me. 

"Do you like that?" Becky asked.

"It's interesting. I don't think they are connected like a woman's, but it feels good."

She moved her mouth to my other nipple. I pulled off my shirt while she was doing this. Her hand slid down my stomach and over the bulge in my shorts. She rubbed her fingers along my length. It was driving me crazy. She reached into my shorts and wrapped her fingers around my hard flesh. 

"My goodness," Becky teased and smiled up at me, "What do we have here?"

Our lips met in another hot kiss. Her hand stroked me firmly and quickly. I pushed my shorts down exposing my cock. Her hand went faster. I could feel my head pounding and knew I was close. Becky put her head on my chest to watch. I think she was going to take me in her mouth but I didn't give her a chance. My balls boiled over. My cock swelled. I lifted off the bed and grunted. 

The force of the explosion surprised both of us. Becky didn't move quickly enough. Cum sprayed in a steady stream that shot straight up from the tip of my cock. It splashed off her cheek and up her nose landing in her hair. She aimed my cock away from her face and continued to pump. More cum splattered across my chest and stomach. The last few drops oozed over her hand and fingers. I fell back on the bed completely drained.

"Wow. That was a lot of stuff." Becky said looking up at me. Her fingers were still wrapped around my wilting cock. 

"I always try to make a good impression on a first date," I joked.

"That you did," she replied wiping cum from her cheek. "Now I know what a porn star feels like. I just got my first facial."

"I aim to please, ma'am," I teased. "Wait here, I'll be right back. I have to get a load off my chest."

"That you do," Becky laughed. "Bring me a towel so I can clean as well."

I returned from the bathroom wearing a clean pair of boxers. I sat down on the bed and handed Becky a wet towel. She wiped cum from her face and fingers. Then she snuggled next to me rubbing her hand across my chest and tweaking my nipples. She seemed to like doing that. I think it turned her on more than it did me.

"I better get back to my room," she said with her head resting in the crook of my arm. "It's getting late and I don't want to tempt fate more than we already have."

"You're probably right. I just don't want to let you go. It's like magic being with you. Can't we stretch it out a little longer?"

Becky tilted her head and looked up at me. We kissed. She swung a leg over my thigh. I pulled the t-shirt she was wearing over her head and threw it onto the floor. I could feel her hard nipples press into my naked chest. Our kiss resumed. I slid a hand down her back and slipped it under the waist band of her panties. My fingers kneaded the creamy skin of her cheeks and traced down the cleft between them. She humped my thigh.

"Oh god, I want you so badly," she whispered while nibbling on my neck.

Becky kissed her way down my neck. Her hand slipped into the slit of my boxers and found my swollen meat. She wrapped her fingers around my hard flesh and gently stroked it. She sucked one of my nipples into her mouth and then kissed her way down my stomach. She hesitated with her mouth poised inches from my cock. The next thing I felt was her tongue shoot out and lick the head. She swirled it around my knob bathing it in saliva before sliding it between her lips. 

Becky surprised me by her aggressiveness. She sucked my cock like a possessed woman. She teased my knob by raking her teeth across it before plunging her mouth down my length. She bobbed her head up and down my shaft and fucked it into the side of her cheek. Her tongue swirled across my hard flesh exploring every ridge and contour. Loud sucking and slurping sounds came from her mouth.

I grabbed her head pulling it from my cock. She looked at me with wild eyes. Spit was drooling from her lips. I kissed her hard shoving my tongue into her mouth. Her hand continued to stroke me in rapid jerks. She rolled onto her knees and bent over me to suck my cock back into her mouth. I reached between her legs, slipped my fingers under the crotch of her panties and rubbed her clit.

Becky attacked my cock with renewed passion. I was trying to match the bobbing movements of her head with my own thrusts. My pubic hair was completely soaked with saliva. Becky pulled me from her mouth to get some air. She moved forward and rubbed the head across her swollen nipple. Her breathing was erratic. She gasped for air. I jammed my fingers up into her hot pussy.

"Oh god... fuck me with your fingers... oh god... oh god..."

She slammed her mouth down on my cock and held it against her throat. Her tongue massaged the underside of my shaft. I pushed and felt it go even deeper. She opened her throat to let me inside. Becky pulled up gasping for air and drooling spit. Then she slammed her mouth down driving it even deeper into her throat until her lips were pressed against my pubes.

Once again I pulled her head up and looked into her lust filled eyes. Her lips were drooling strands of spit. I kissed her hard shoving my tongue deep into her mouth. Becky swung her leg over me and rubbed her pussy against the knob of my cock through her panties. I could feel them pushing into her opening. It would have been so easy to pull her panties to the side and shove my cock up her cunt, but a voice told me not to do it. She had made it clear she didn't want that.

I broke away and rolled Becky off me and onto her back. I sucked on her nipples and continued down her body until I was staring at the crotch of her panties. I pulled them to the side and gazed at the dripping folds of her pink pussy. Then I buried my face in her juicy peach. I flicked my tongue along her gash and pushed it into her steamy passage. Becky's hands grabbed my head and pulled it tight against her. 

I clamped my lips around her swollen mound and continued to fuck her with my tongue. She bucked up into my face squirming and twisting her body. I kept my mouth clamped tightly around her pussy making loud sucking and slurping sounds as I fucked her with my tongue. She was seeping with desire. Juices dribbled down my chin.

"Oh fuck... oh god... yes... yes.... right there... ooohhh..."

I shoved two fingers up her cunt and flicked my tongue back and forth across her clit. Becky lifted her ass off the bed and screamed. I clamped my mouth over her pussy and was rewarded with a sweet sticky gush that poured out of her body. Becky twisted and jerked on the bed while I kept my mouth clamped to her pussy. She finally collapsed with exhaustion.

"Ohmygod," she said breathlessly, "No one has ever licked me like that."

"Does that mean I'm being compared to one guy or a thousand?"

"I'll keep you guessing on that one," she laughed still trying to catch her breath. "Let's just say I had some wild college years."

"Didn't we all? So tell me, what am I supposed to do with this?" I asked kneeling on the bed and showing her my throbbing cock which poked out shamelessly from my boxers.

"Take those things off and get up here," she ordered. Becky sat back against the headboard of the bed.

I pulled off my boxers and walked forward on my knees straddling her legs until my cock was inches from her face. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and took me into her mouth. I grabbed her head and fucked her face like it was a pussy. Her mouth matched my thrusts making loud sucking and slurping sounds. Spit drooled from her lips in strands and fell onto her tits.

I was so close. Cum was churning in my balls and ready to explode at any second. I looked down at the pretty face with red hair and green eyes staring back at me. She slipped a hand into her panties and rubbed her clit as she continued to aggressively suck me. Her lips and tongue were working wonders on my cock.

""I'm going to cum," I warned.

Becky nodded her head. Her fingers were furiously digging into her pussy and rubbing her clit. Muffled moans escaped from her throat. My balls sent a surge of semen up my shaft. I clenched my teeth and grunted. Hot cum erupted into her mouth flooding it with spurt after spurt of creamy seed. I continued to fuck my cock between her lips until I was spent. Cum drooled from her mouth and dripped from her chin onto her tits.

Becky kept her lips around me. Her fingers were going faster and faster. Her body stiffened. My cock fell from her mouth. More cum flooded down her lips and chin. She slipped down on the bed and threw her head back. Her body contorted. Squeals reverberated off the walls until at last she collapsed breathing in gasps. I climbed off her and lay next to her on the bed.

"Ohmygod," she said trying to catch her breath. "That's number three in the same night. I think that's a record." 

"Your fingers get all the credit for that one," I teased.

"No. You get an assist," Becky laughed. "Feeling you shoot in my mouth pushed me over the top. It felt so dirty and nasty. You are going to turn me into a shameless whore."

"It's my pleasure, ma'am," I joked.

"And mine," she laughed. "Oh, and before I forget, thank you."

"For the mouthful?" I asked.

"No. Well yes, that too, but for not... for not going inside me when I was on top of you. I would have let you. I was so ready. I wanted you in me. I never would have forgiven myself."

I was having a hard time understanding this woman's principles. Apparently getting finger fucked, getting her pussy eaten and giving me a blowjob did not constitute cheating. Vaginal penetration by the penis seemed to be all that mattered. I briefly wondered where anal sex fell into her hierarchy of cheating but quickly dismissed the thought.

"I really do have to go," Becky said as she cleaned my stuff from her lips, chin and tits. She climbed out of bed and picked up her dress. "I'll never forget this weekend. Call me if you ever get out west."

And that was it. I went home feeling guilty. It wasn't so much that I had been physically intimate with another woman, but that I had feelings for her... strong feelings. I couldn't get her out of my mind. She had cast a spell over me. I knew it was crazy. I was married with two kids. She was married and had three kids. We lived on opposite coasts. This wasn't going anywhere. 

I tried to hide my guilt by having sex with my wife. We fucked like rabbits. Jane had always been a passionate woman and the sex wasn't only good, it was fantastic. In fact, sex with Jane was so good that I should have been able to put Becky out of my mind. For some reason I couldn't. I finally found an excuse to make a business trip out west and called Becky. I was nervous when she answered. Her first words were encouraging.

