 FOREWORD

A thousand thanks to Julie for her silent contributions.

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S


This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 


Chapter 28:  Bedtime For Larry and Beth

Holding hands, Lynn and I walked leisurely back to the house. Outside the old Barn Red equipment shed, we could see our way easily, a near full moon was high in a clear, starry sky. We found Beth and Jim in the breakfast nook, feeding each other chocolate ice cream out of a Blue Bunny half-gallon container. 

Letting go of Lynn's hand, after a squeeze good night, I slid onto the bench beside Beth, slipping my arm around her waist. Lynn glided in beside Jim. Laying her head on his shoulder, she likewise slipped an arm around his waist.

Beth looked disgustingly happy. Beaming, she asked if I wanted some; I did. Sporting a wide grin, she stuffed a big spoonful into her mouth. Suddenly, her arms were around my neck with her face pressed to mine. Beth's cold tongue pried open my lips; her laughter and a cold blob of ice cream soon filled my mouth. Her tongue followed the ice cream in to help me eat it. While it wasn't easy dining that way, it sure was fun.

Jim was content to steer every other spoonful Lynn's way. Between spoonfuls, Lynn had unbuttoned Jim's shirt; she ran her hand inside it, fondling his pec's the way a boy would feel up a girl's chest. That looked like fun to me, so as Beth fed me ice cream, I began unbuttoning her blouse. My fingers were soon delightedly exploring her stretchy bra cups. Tired as I was, my penis tingled when I felt her sexy, long nipples first poking into my palms.

Releasing my playthings, I managed to remove Beth's blouse completely. Being careful not to break the ice cream eating routine, I nonetheless managed to remove her bra without disrupting our game. When I'd found her clasp, I was able to open it on the third try. Progress! Then it was my turn to have an evil thought.

Happy fingers joyfully returned to fondling her now bare breasts. But the next time I got mouth-to-mouth from Beth I pinched a big gob of ice cream from the box. Just as I swallowed my mouthful, I pulled Beth into a deeper French kiss by placing a hand behind her head. At the same time, I pressed my gob onto Beth's left nipple. Beth shrieked! She almost jumped out of her panties. Her screaming was muffled because she had to shriek into my mouth.

The moment I felt her laughing into my larynx, I dove for her nipple to devour it, along with its chocolate topping. Giggling like a maniac Beth said, "Lynn's right, you are a little shit." She held my head while I willingly cleaned up the mess I'd made. By the time the ice cream was gone, her nipples were as aroused as I'd ever seen them. Of course so was their owner.

Beth was soon purring. "OOOOOOOOOOOooooooK, time for bed. Good night little brother, good night big sister," said Beth as she pushed me to my feet, grabbed my hand, then led me upstairs to her bedroom.

Once in her room we hugged, kissed, and gleefully finished undressing each other. When the last article of clothing hit the floor we held hands, then just looked at each other for a minute.

"You are a very beautiful girl Beth," I said softly.

"And you are a good looking young man," replied Beth, molding herself against me.

We hugged, joining into a deep French kiss that didn't end until we were both rubbing ourselves against each other minutes later. Picking Beth up, I carried her to the bed, laying her down where I wanted her.

Clambering onto the queen-sized mattress, my body slid up and over hers until I reached her face. Making love to her face and neck, I nibbled on hers ears, using my tongue to gently probe them. When I returned to Beth's mouth, our tongues danced together for seemingly an eternity.

Lifting my head to look into her eyes I finally said, "I'm going to eat you until you come. This is just for you. Furthermore, at any time, if you want something, anything, just ask; I'll do my best to give you a fantastic orgasm." Beth glued her lips to mine, slithering her tongue into me. Gripping me by my buns, she pulled me tightly against her.

When the moment seemed right, I kissed my way down Beth's throat, attempting to pay special attention to every place I suspected would make her feel good. There were a several places where Beth asked me to linger, or use more tongue, kiss lighter, or nibble just so; I was glad I'd made the offer, I learned a lot about pleasing her.

As I slid down her body, my penis rubbed against her slit, sometimes lying atop it, sometimes poking and prodding her genitals. My right hand was constantly touching and rubbing in advance of my mouth's arrival. When my lips kissed their way to her breasts, ten fingers were there to greet them. I kissed complete circles around each breast. Her cleavage attracted considerable attention. During the period while I nursed at length upon each nipple, I hoped Beth loved it, but sucking her nipples was really a selfish treat for me.

When my trail of kisses wended towards her navel, my fingers lightly brushed her vaginal lips, teasing through her pubic hair. Fingertips lightly grazed her inner thighs, or skimmed across her emerged clit.

Kissing lower, ever lower, I held still, poised above her pussy: I knew she could feel my hot breath on her vulva. I allowed her suspense to build and build. The tension became palpable as Beth waited to feel my tongue's first contact with her moist, aroused pussy.

Very, very slowly my neck bent until I felt her matted pubic hair tickle my face. My tongue extended, but so slowly Beth wasn't sure at first that I was finally touching her. At last pushing it into Beth's partially widened hole made Beth gasp, she pushed herself against my face as she at long last felt, then reacted to the penetration.

My tongue patrolled her insides until I was sure I'd tasted and probed all I could reach. Then I turned myself loose.

Still, I wanted her pleasure and climax to be a long drawn out affair, so everything I did was deliberate, as unhurried as I could make it. Never pausing, I allowed myself to attack any part of her groin without mercy, without warning. Whatever looked tastiest to me at the moment I licked and kissed. Judging by her pelvic undulations, Beth was feeling pretty good.

There are many things I loved about Beth. The way her fingers would stroke my hair at times while I ate her was one. Her voice was another, it always made me feel good. She was comfortable enough with me to accept my offer; Beth did ask me to do little things to increase her pleasure. When she spoke, there was passion in her voice, yet she always sounded soft, sweet, and so pleased by my efforts.

Sensing she was nearing her climax, I concentrated on Beth's engorged clit. I wormed three fingers into her gaping vagina; her rolling pelvis worked them in and out of her. Beth patiently taught me the finer points of how to help her come.

Becoming engrossed in helping her reach her orgasm, I became a cheerleader rooting her on. It fascinated me that I could give a girl such intense pleasure. My face was coated with Beth, my nostrils were filled with Beth, my mind swirled with images of her body and face.

Beth came hard. I felt elated; I'd made this sexy girl come all over my face.

Tongue and fingers swapped places as Beth crested; my fingers trapped her clit between her lips, shaking them back and forth. My tongue moved lower to rim or suck her labia minora into my mouth.

As Beth began to relax, I slid my hands under her ass so I could enjoy feeling her cheeks writhing in my grip. I licked the area below her pussy, teased the exposed crack of her tush. I kissed up and down her thighs, always returning to kiss and lap her pussy. When she was finally spent, and nearly motionless, I kissed my way back up her body. As I reached her facial area, I guided my erection into Beth. She sighed as I filled her. I sighed as I felt her surround me.

Neither of us moved our hips; we lay pressed together exchanging soft kisses. I wanted to be inside Beth. I wanted to feel her warmth, her dampness, to share the rippling of her muscles, but I wasn't ready to begin intercourse. I just wanted to lie in her arms for a while, to savor the sensations of being embedded inside her perfect body.


Chapter 29:  Beth Brings Out The Beast In Larry

The kissing and cuddling lasted a long time. Beth occasionally inched her sheath up and down my length, but more as a show off affection than an attempt to initiate copulation. I remained erect within her, less than steely hard, but rigid. Every few minutes I'd withdraw, then slowly push myself as deep as I could reach as an adjunct to a wonderful kiss we were sharing. Life was good. Life was very, very good.

Truly I'd come to care tremendously for Beth. She was such fun to be around, I felt so comfortable near her.

Beth gave my penis another hug with her pussy. "Is there something I can help you with, Sugar?" purred Beth.

"Actually, I'm very, very happy just like this for now." I replied. Tenderly I explained how special it felt to be with her this way, to be quiet, and to really be able to feel HER.

Beth understood what I was getting at. She and I shared, as best we could, what sex felt like; I tried to explain how it felt being a boy inside her body, she helped me get hint of the sensations of being a girl with a stiff male organ inside of her. We must have talked for half an hour. At times one of us would say something endearing, kisses would be exchanged as our affection for each other deepened.

Beth had been curious about the time Lynn and I spent before coming in. I knew she was genuinely interested, not trying to be nosy. She'd assured me I didn't have to talk about anything if it was private. It finally dawned on me what it was that had been bothering me. It wasn't a big, drive me crazy kind of bother me, just a little twinge of guilt I'd been dimly aware of.

"Beth, I hope I don't ruin things with you. I'm a little scared admitting this, and I feel stupid saying what I'm about to, considering I'm laying here, my penis inside you, having sex with you, but I told Lynn that I love her. I care about you as much as I care for her, but something inside me says I'm in love with Lynn. So I'm feeling somewhat guilty about wanting, make that enjoying, sex with you while feeling that I love Lynn."

"Relax, Larry. I know you love her. I've seen THAT look in your eyes when you watch my sister. I'm no woman of the world, but I'm pretty sure there's some chemistry there. For a few hours after I gave my cherry to Jim, I thought maybe he was the ONE. I do love Jim, and I want more sex with him, but there's no chemistry between us. As for us, fella, you can ask me to roll in the hay ANY time you want. No promises, but I can't picture the time when I won't want your lovely penis inside me. The more I've gotten to know you, the closer I feel to you."

"I love you, Beth." "I love you too, Larry." We both knew what we meant.

Beth became playful, deviling me for more details about my conversation with Lynn. I couldn't think of anything we'd shared that Lynn would mind Beth knowing, so I recapped our conversation. I recounted Lynn wanting me to make love with Beth or Charlene, because she was too young to stop experimenting. 

Beth described how she and Lynn had discussed sharing Jim and I, they'd worried about any of us getting hung up on one person and blowing our foursome to hell. She assured me the present arrangement was as much her idea as Lynn's. "Go for Charlene, or any other girl you've dreamed about having sex with, I'll still jump on your bones any chance I get if you want me."

[Life is GOOD!] Ya got that right, brain!

Beth described a couple fantasies she'd had after seeing Karen's brother last week who was home from college, how fantasizing had gotten her and Lynn so horny they ended up in the 69 that Jim and I had witnessed. Beth got a conspiratorial tone in her voice. A positively wicked grin accompanied the question, "OK, total honesty time. What other girls have you ever fantasized about."

It was embarrassing, despite telling myself it shouldn't be, but I tried to be clinical. "Well, Diane. Weeellll, you and Lynn about a 100 times apiece, uhhh Sue, Carly..." The moment I said Carly my cock jumped inside Beth, I mean jumped. I went from semi-erect to aged, oak plank hard in a second. Beth's eyes lit up; her wicked smile became evil incarnate. "YOU WANT TO NAIL YOUR SISTER!! Cool!!"

I must've gotten a look of pure panic on my face. Beth immediately kissed me, took me in her arms to hold me extra tight.

"Larry, it's OK. I mean it, I really think that's cool. Nothing wrong with having a fantasy, Sugar. Remember me, been having orgies involving my brother. I hadn't ever thought about doing it with Jim consciously, but the way things happened... I'm delighted. The sex has been totally amazing. I've been wishing I'd thought of it sooner. Carly is so damned cute; I'd like to have sex with her myself, so don't you feel bad about it. I don't know what I'd have said two weeks ago, but today it sounds damned near normal to me."

Beth laid back. Her voice became very tender. Her fingertips delicately closed my eyes; two fingers lightly touched my lips. Beth squeezed her vagina as hard as she could around my still embedded erection, reminding me where it was.

Using a soft, dreamlike tone Beth said, "Oh Larry, I never dreamed my brother had such a big penis. It feels so good inside me. Please make love to me, my dear, sweet brother. I want to feel you shoot your warm sperm inside me. I'm pulling my legs up so you can push deep inside your Carly's pussy. I'm ready for you."

I fell upon "Carly's" body. I tried to go slow, to savor being inside my "sister", but I was just too damned excited by the fantasy of having sex with her. In a matter of a few strokes I was plowing into "Carly" like a man possessed. As I felt my orgasm positively roaring ahead, I fought against coming so soon. My struggle delayed my climax, but the longer I struggled, the more intense the soaring pleasure became. I reached a point at which if I didn't ejaculate at that precise instant, my heart might stop from pleasure overload.

Sperm poured out of my penis and into Beth. She did everything a woman ever could with her body to help me come, and continue to come within her womb. Her hips tilted for me, her vaginal muscles gripped my penis, they pulled me into her, they milked my shaft. She fondled my ass, kissed my face and neck.

"Good boy, that's so good, so good, keep coming in me, yes, yes, yes, so nice...." Gently, Beth encouraged me the entire time I poured myself into her. I had no sense of time. Beth had pulled me into this Carly fantasy so skillfully that my body released years of pent up secret desire to inseminate my pretty sister's body.

I'll worship Beth to the day I die for her insight and compassion. She could have destroyed me. Instead she released my tensions and freed me from guilt. She couldn't have been a better friend or lover. When I finally stopped fucking Beth, I laid on top of her, exhausted. Fucking being the only word I could think of for the way I'd used her sweet body.

She held me, petted me, never saying a word until I was ready to speak.

A very weak "Wow." was the first thing I was able to say some minutes later.

"Yeah, wow is right, Sugar. That was incredible." Beth agreed.

I fell asleep in Beth's arms. It had been a long amazing day.

* * *

Waking up just past dawn, I was stiff as a board. I wasn't horny; I badly had to pee. Doing my best to slip out of bed without waking Beth, I headed to the bathroom. My boner wouldn't ease off, so I sat, carefully aimed, and waited. Eventually I relaxed enough to pee, aaaaahhhh.

Standing at the sink, I waited for the hot water. Beth showed up first.

"Hi, Sugar. Is that for me?", she playfully asked while glancing towards my still semi-erect penis.

"Well, I did plan to wash this up in case you wanted it later." I replied.

"Oh, oh, me, me. I wanna do it." Beth danced about, doing a great little kid imitation.

"You can wash mine, if I can wash yours." I haggled back. I asked to stay while she peed. Displaying an odd combination of maidenly modesty and exhibitionism, Beth leaned back with her legs parted so I could see her water stream from within her, yet she looked out the window the entire time to avoid making eye contact with me.

When she finished and wiped, we spent a minute lathering each other's privates with Ivory soap, then several minutes more working the soap around with our fingers. Almost seemed a shame to rinse once we were so nice and slippery, uuuuuuuuuummmmmmm.

For some strange reason I wasn't feeling at all sleepy by the time I was finally rinsed off. Picking Beth up, I carried her back to bed, laying her out where I wanted her. Lying down in the opposite direction, I asked, "Please suck me." 

Watching closely, I saw Beth smile sexily, then move in super slow motion, just to tease me. Reaching for my shaft, her lips parted, she licked them as her mouth neared my crown. With painful slowness she closed her lips around me, then slid down my shaft until I felt my glans hit her throat.

Pushing her left leg well back afforded me easy access to her pussy. Moments later I was happily eating Beth. We 69'ed for over ten minutes; we took our time, it was heavenly foreplay.
