 Her name was Raine Snow and she was a dream. 

First unanticipated, then poetic and epic and transcendent in that order, continually confusing, and finally gone in the groggy early morning. 

It was a couple of weeks ago, and I was at the Hogshead, a whisky bar on the Upper West Side. It wasn't my regular, but I'd been there a few times before. 

Rehearsal in Hell's Kitchen had been frustrating -- after flailing around the entire morning I was finally starting to make some progress right when the day ended and we had to stop. As was my habit in times like this when I wanted to keep my thoughts from moving on to the rest of life, instead of going home I went out in search of some scotch whisky. 

I walked by On the Rocks on 49th, but it looked crowded so I hopped an Uber to the Upper West Side and slipped into the Hogshead. Like many New York locations, the Hogshead was narrow on the sidewalk but deep and long inside. There was a full bar at the front, and a series of nooks extending towards the back with one or two tables each. 

I stepped up to the bar, and after a quick sweep of the displayed bottles, ordered a double Laphroaig with a single ice cube. The girl behind the bar was pretty cute, short and pert with strawberry blonde hair and a light lavender blouse on. She smiled warmly at me and said, "Here you go, sweetie," as she slid the drink over. I tipped her two bucks and carried the glass back to one of the nooks in the back.

Dropping my bag on the chair next to me, I sat down with my notebook to work out some thoughts from rehearsal. The scotch was rich and smoky, and each sip percolated through my entire body. Warm and comfortable, I sunk into the work. I was down to the last finger when I sensed someone standing nearby.

She never said exactly what drew her to me, but in thinking about it afterword -- it must have been the pin. I had been to ComicCon a few months back, and my green canvas messenger bag had a big Avenger's "A" pin right in the middle. We would talk about ComicCon later, a couple of times, so I'm pretty sure it was the pin. 

But I'm getting ahead of myself. I didn't know anything at the time -- just a sense, a sixth sense, that I was being watched. I raised my eyes an inch from my notebook and they fell upon a pair of black leather peep-toe platform heels. The toes peeping out over the platform were cute as hell, pure purple nails with silver French tips, and the second toe on each foot, longer than the first, had the colors reversed. 

Just above the strap on her left ankle was a small tattoo in the shape of the Deathly Hallows triangle. Zippered tight black leather pants took over there, hugging her calves and knees and thighs. 

I looked all the way up and took in her entire figure. She was tall in the heels but not towering, trim and fit with curves to die for. Her dyed black hair hung down in waves past her shoulders. It was glossy shiny like from a shampoo commercial, and scattered with streaks of rich purple. 

An unadorned black velvet choker gripped her neck, highlighting the smooth, pale skin above and below, and she wore a loose fishnet shawl. But it was her shirt that made my breath catch in my throat. Everything about it was amazing. 

It was a rich lush purple, skintight with short little sleeves, and it had a shiny silver Tardis right over her tits, which strained against the stretch fabric. The windows of the Tardis were cutouts, and I could see smooth pale flesh underneath. The center post between the Tardis windows covered her cleavage line, but just barely. Above the illustration, silver letters read, "I like it" and below it, across her trim flat stomach, "Bigger on the Inside".

It was short, didn't quite reach her pants, and I could see an inch or two of firm taut stomach above the leather waistband. There a teeny tiny little strip of purple panty in between there, so small you had to look to see it. 

And I looked. Damn, I knew I was being way rude, but I couldn't tear my eyes away -- she was inches away from me where I sat, and my animal brain fixed on those panties, the purple line almost glowing as if radioactive. 

That must be why it was suddenly so hot. I forced my head up past that audaciously curvy Tardis top and looked her in the eyes. Her purple eyes? She was looking down at me with amusement, and I got the sense that she knew I'd react this way. 

Girls as hot as her knew exactly what they did to guys -- and girls who dressed like she did liked it. I have a serious weak spot for the ones who like it, who embrace their beauty and sexual power, who bask in the lustful attention they attract. She must have had some sixth sense for my weakness, because every single thing about her was assaulting my willpower.

"Hello sweetie." Her voice was clear and musical. "I'm Raine!"

I only froze for an instant before replying, "Um, hello. I'm Adam." Sensing this wasn't enough, I tried to continue, but the way she was looking at me was distracting as hell. 

Her face was a work of art, with small but exquisitely defined features, almost like a doll. And her makeup made her look like she had just stepped out of a fashion magazine. Her lips were an orchid magenta, with a darker outline. Her eye shadow was a curved gradient from the color of her lips up to the rich primary purple where her lashes splayed out like the rays of a sun. A thin line of black traced all the way around her eyes before feathering out and shrinking to a sharp point.

And her eyes were indeed purple. They were purple purple. Like her Tardis shirt, and her panty band and her toenails. Gotta give her credit for keeping to a theme.

"So Adam ... " 

Shit! I was staring. Her voice broke my reverie.

"Mind if I join you?" She asked with a lilt. "Or are you waiting for someone?"

"Oh No, no, there's no one else." I stammered as fast as I could, imagining her walking away. "Please, Raine, join me. Here -"

I jumped up and scrambled to pull out the other chair, but my notebook fell on the floor and I almost knocked my drink over.

She just kept smiling, and took a step forward. She was standing extremely close now, and I could smell her exotic perfume. She waited there for a minute longer than would have been normal, watching me watch her and smell her. Then she slipped past me and gracefully sat down.

I picked up my notebook and sat down as well, looking at her for an indication of what would come next. She ignored me and flipped through the whisky list, checking out their cocktails. 

"I'm going to try their Penicillin. But first, do you want to do a shot with me?"

"A shot?" I thought of this as more of a sipping bar, usually.

"To celebrate our meeting." Raine said. "It's a thing they do in Russia. But they do it with vodka, and we are going to have whisky."

"Sure ... ok. Absolutely! Let's do a shot."

I finished my Laphroaig in one gulp and shook my head with the burn. Then I held up my hand to beckoned the waitress over from the main room. 

She saw me smiled as she came out from behind the bar. When she came into the side room and saw Raine, her smile froze. The waitress gave Raine a once-over, acting like she was a leper, and then turned back to me. 

"Hi, I'm Sunny. What can I do for you?"

"Hi Sunny." Raine announced from the side with way too much syrupy sweetness. 

"WE will have a shot of Yamasaki 12, neat." She emphasized the 'we' hard, and her message was unmistakable. 

"And then I will have a Penicillin. Thank you so much, Sunny."

Sunny's jaw clenched, and she wrote it down in her notebook. Then she looked at me with stony eyes.

"And I'd like the Manhattan, please, with Bulleit Rye. Um, thank you."

Sunny stalked back to the bar without answering.

"Well she isn't very Sunny, is she? We'll have to find somewhere else to go after this round."

I didn't know what to make of the cat fighting, but I seized on the second part. She wanted to go somewhere with me! She wasn't just here for a free drink. Or was she?

Sunny came back and put a platter down on the table. She took my empty glass and mumbled "Here you go." before walking away.

"Thank you, Sunny!" Raine called after her, managing to make her name into a sneer.

Raine gestured at the shot glasses, and took one for herself. I grabbed the other, and we held them up.

"Here's to new friends!" Raine's voice was full of warmth.

"Slainte Va!" I matched her enthusiasm, and then, keeping eye contact, we knocked them back.

The whisky was Speyside style, warm and powerful. A clear creamy smooth start, then it hit hard and finished long. 

"Nice choice, Raine." I complimented, once the glasses were back on the table.

"Remember Bill Murray, from Lost in Translation? That commercial scene turned me on to Suntory. The guy I watched it with had a bottle and we totally drained the whole thing afterwards."

"Nice." I said, not knowing quite what to make of that fact.

"Let's just say I really enjoy being warmed up from the inside." 

We looked at each other, and I searched for something to say. I got the sense that she was scoping me out, for reasons I couldn't quite grok yet. 

Time to take a risk. "Doctor Who fan?" 

She grinned a huge devilish smile. 

"Oh you've been checking out my Tardis, haven't you? Cheeky boy." She arched her back and the Tardis moved up a few inches. 

I flushed bright red in embarrassment, and took a sip of my drink. 

"I've watched all the early seasons when I was a girl." Raine sipped her cocktail too.

She didn't seem to mind my admission that I had indeed been staring at her body.

"I used to fantasize about being picked to be the Companion, to go on wild adventures with a dashing and handsome man with a sexy British accent, and ponder existential questions while fighting silly monsters.

"Then when I got older the fantasies changed, and I was the Time Lord. My companion was a hunk, or an emo mallrat or whatever had me going that week. And I would fly around in my bomb-ass space apartment and travel all through time with a harem of companions, male and female and both at once."

"Then I started doing some other stuff, life stuff, and lost track. I came back for Matt Smith cuz have you seen his eyes? Damn if I don't know what would wipe that shit eating grin off his face. Also, I have a little thing for Clara. She's got some intense eyes too, that girl. And those proper English cheekbones?"

She gave an overdramatic shiver and laughed.

My drink hung by my open mouth, lifted but forgotten as I imagined that coupling for a second.

"I like Peter Capaldi too -- he's pretty handsome for an older guy. Distinguished but irreverent. I tell you, those Brits, they get you every time. Same for the Scots." She inclined her rocks glass and took a drink.

"Peter Capaldi was at ComicCon this year, you know." I interjected. "I went for the weekend with a buddy of mine who inks for an indie label in Brooklyn."

"Yeah I know -- I was there too." Raine pointed her index finger at me. "I cosplayed as D-VA from Overwatch. My hair was auburn then."

"In, like, a blue spandex jumpsuit? Wow, I bet you looked unbelievable."

"Actually it was latex body paint. I couldn't find someone who could work with stretch fabric in time for the con. But my boy Demo paints those Desnudas in Times Square, and I got him to paint me all over in liquid latex. Then he airbrushed on the details -- did the lettering right down my thigh, here."

She touched her leg to show me.

"You mean you were ... naked?" I almost couldn't say it to her face, but I could sure see it in my head.

"Not completely -- I had a tiny little blue thong on. The girls were out though!" She shook her torso with that last bit, and the Tardis jiggled. "But it was latex -- that's like, a legit covering."

Sure.

"My friend Wendy came with me -- she was Mei. She totally has the ass for it, and rocked the fuck out of those glasses too. We went around together and the geeks were dropping like flies."

"Uh hi -- one of those geeks, right here." I gestured at myself.

"Your point being?" She arched an eyebrow and I dropped it.

"It was super fun. We ended up in this hotel suite with a competitive play team from Korea."

I knew she wanted me to ask. "Did you, you know, get down with one of them?"

"Oh we fucked them all, Wendy and I." She sounded almost proud, and after an initial shock, I couldn't really see why she shouldn't. "At the same time. Turned their worlds inside out."

She was watching me closely, and I sensed that she was gauging my reaction to this story. I kept cool, and nodded. It sounded hot as hell.

"There were five of those little guys, and they would have done anything for us. We made them do a whole bunch of things for us, in fact. To us, really. Together. They were really very coordinated. Must have been their training as a team."

"I wanted to split 'em between us and each have a threesome, but Wendy convinced me we should all go in together. We ordered them around like we were all playing the game and they rose to the challenge."

She took a sip of her drink and cocked her head to the side. "I guess you would call it a sevensome? It was awesome! They had to go back to South Korea, but Ryu still emails me."

She leaned in and faux whispered, "I think he wants another round!"

I didn't quite have words to answer that. My mind was full of impossible orgy acrobatics, and body painted anime warrior pinups.

After a moment she lifted a finger and said the strangest thing. 

"Do you know what 'airtight' means, Adam?"

Seriously, where the hell had that come from?

"Yeah, that's pretty basic -- it's when something is sealed so tight oxygen can't get through?"

"Hmmmm." She considered this response. 

"Was I wrong?" I didn't know what she was after.

"You know what, I'll fill you in later. Then you can return the favor." She giggled to herself as if she had made a joke, and took another sip of the Penicillin.

Her cocktail was half empty. I drained my Manhattan down to match. For some reason, I thought it would be good if we finished our drinks around the same time.

We talked more about the Con, and discovered a few shared interests. 

Besides Doctor Who, we both loved French pop music, Kurosawa films and triple-decker grilled cheese sandwiches with olives. I preferred black olives, but she like them green. Oh well, I guess nobody's perfect. 

After about fifteen minutes of small talk, the drinks were finished. I picked up the cocktail list but she put her hand over mine and pressed it back down on the table. 

"We've been here long enough, don't you think?" Her voice had a new husky resonance.

I nodded, and then waved my hard over at the bar fast as I could, holding up two fingers together. 

Sunny brought the check over. I handed her my card without looking at it, and Sunny left without a word.

When she came back with the slip to sign, there were two fortune cookies on the little plastic tray. I did not expect that from Sunny -- she probably just wanted to keep my business.

Raine didn't say anything as I signed the check. I handed it back to the Sunny, who favored me with a raised eyebrow and a glance over at Raine. I didn't like the look of judgment in her eyes, and matched her eyebrow for eyebrow. She rolled her eyes, tipped the fortune cookies off the tray and walked back to the main bar.

Raine stared daggers at her as she left, and turned back to me. "Did you like that color she was wearing?"

She had been confounding my expectations ever since she appeared at my table, but I knew exactly how to answer this one.

"I like your particular shade of purple much better." Her smile washed over me like wavy rays of a watercolor sun.

"It's the color of royalty, right?" 

"Yes," she stated. "It sure is. How lovely that you know that already."

Ego thus affirmed, she grabbed one of the fortune cookies and unwrapped it. 

I reached for the other but she grabbed my hand. 

"This one is your fortune." She held up the cookie, and waggled it back and forth. Then she put it in her mouth, pointy ends out. With one quick and obviously practiced move, she cracked the cookie shell by biting down and did something with her tongue. A second later her tongue was extended and the fortune was sitting in the center.

She raised her eyes at me, and I slowly reached up and gingerly took the fortune out of her mouth. Once I had it, she chomped down on the cookies pieces and chewed them up. 

I slowly turned the little slip of paper and read, "You will make someone very happy today." 

She almost choked on the cookie when she laughed at this. Swallowing, she winked at me and said, "In Bed. You know that game, right?"

I unwrapped the other cookie, and broke it in half with my hands. Extracting the fortune without reading it, I held it out for her to take. 

She let out a half laugh and read it back to me: "Your empty spaces will soon be filled."

We both chanted "In bed!" and laughed for real. 

"So I'm a well rounded individual." Raine said to me.

I nodded, unsure exactly where she was heading.

"I have many sides. Liiiiiiike ... my front side." She touched herself on the chest, fingers playing with the Tardis windows.

"My back side." Her hand slipped down and gave her leather pants a spank.

"Got a few angles too." She giggled at this little joke, and a shiver ran down thighs.

"But the thing about my sides ... is I like it from all my sides. At once. You could call me," 

She tipped her head to the right like a cat. "High Maintenance". 

This came with air quotes.

"You know," She picked up one of the fortunes and dangled it between her fingers. "In bed."

I must have had quite a look on my face because she giggled a bit and looked around.

"Okay, see those two bros up at the bar?" She gestured towards a couple of guys in suit coats in the main room. They were talking to Sunny who was tending bar, and she was laughing.

"They're right there over there. I could walk up and have them in the palm of my hand in 5 seconds flat. I'd grind their willpower under my heel and they'd do anything under the sun to get their drippy little tongues inside my panties." 

My head stuck on that last image, and all I could see was that glimpse of her purple panty line.

She put her platform toe on my shoe and ground it for emphasis with this last bit.

"If you weren't here, I would do it just to cockblock sweet little Sunny, who made up her mind about me without even getting to know me. I'd slide up in between those boys at her bar and smile a great big smile at her while they melted all over me. Then I'd put two dollars down on the bar for a tip and walk out with a couple of new boy-toys. Or maybe we'd all go back to that bathroom. The point is, there would be twice as much dick for lil' old me."

My mind was having difficulty coping with those two juicy mental images: her seducing them both at once while Sunny fumed a few feet away, and then wild crazy threesome monkey sex in the tiny Hogshead men's room.

"But you're here. And I don't want them. I want you." She pointed a finger into my chest. My mental state went up another gear, and my cock began to unfold.

She turned to look at me straight on. "But, there's a catch."

I froze. What the hell was she going to say next? She had been blown my expectations ever since she appeared like a ghost above me, and I didn't know if she was going to say she was a hooker, or a slaver, or a butcher.

Did you ever hear someone say 'I'd cut off a finger to sleep with that woman.'? Rhetorical, I know, but I wondered what I wouldn't do to keep her from walking away.

"What's the catch?" I asked slowly.

"When I said I was high maintenance, I wasn't talking about flowers and shopping trips." 

"Uh-huh, I picked up on that, cuz you said 'in bed' afterwards."
