 I step towards the bed and you reach out and grasp my cock. This isn't the time for more foreplay. We both know that it won't take much for us both to cum and we don't want to waste it. Besides, we have all night. I am pulled towards you as you keep pulling and you lift your knees slightly as I start to kneel on your bed and crawl forward. 

You position the head against your open pussy and I push forward slightly, feeling your hot lips kiss it. Then further and I feel the head slip inside. You gasp and push your hips forward to take more. Involuntarily, I move back with your thrust, just keeping the head inside you. Then you relax and it comes out of you. You look into my eyes with disappointment on your face but not for long as I move back to you. I was just letting you know who was in charge. 

I run the head of my cock up and down your lips and let your juices cover it until I can bear it no more and push it back inside you. Oh, the feeling of tightness and heat. It overpowers me. I lose myself and push deep inside you. 

You bite your lip as you lift your knees up to take me in further until I can go no more. Oh such heaven shouldn't be allowed to mere mortals. I hold there and we both feel each others contours. Then slowly I push and pull, feeling every part of your pussy with my throbbing cock. 

After a long slow, sweet minute of us both getting to know each other, my speed increases and I push harder and even deeper, faster. Your feet are on my back pulling me into you with every stroke. It's only been minutes but we are both coming together. OH GOD, forget anything else you've experienced, this is something else. I feel your pussy tighten around my cock as it bursts inside you, sucking and milking every drop from me as I continue for as long as possible. We are both gasping and moaning as we cling to each other as the torrent of emotions start to subside. We are united in body and soul and it has never felt so good. 

I lie on top of you for as long as I can, feeling me soften inside you. The wetness feels so good. Then I roll over onto my back and we both just stare up at the ceiling, panting. I turn to look at you and you look back. We both have a big grin our faces, both knowing that no-one else would ever feel or know the same intensity as we did just then............

I put my arm up and you nestle into me, your head on my chest. I kiss your head and smell your hair. So soft and sweet. I have a vague feeling of both our breathing slowing and drifting off to sleep....... 

I am alone in my bedroom and I hear a knock at the door. I quickly grab a towel and rush downstairs hoping not to miss the postman with my important letters. I open the door and you are stood there. You eye me up and down and exclaim that it is a great way to meet a lover as you push me into the house. I stumble backwards and you keep pushing as you swing the door shut with your foot. My hand stumbles and the towel drops as I bang into the wall. You come up close to me. Your thin strapped summer dress is all that keeps our bodies from touching completely. You stare me in the eyes but say nothing as your hand curls around my hardening shaft. You've always said you love the way a cock hardens in your hand or mouth and you don't want to be disappointed with it this time. Still staring at me, you lower yourself down my body and hold my almost hard cock out. You glance down quick as your tongue comes out to taste my head, then you look back up at me. 

A look of sheer pleasure like someone tasting her favourite food. Just your eyes staring at me as your mouth covers the whole of my head is enough for me to groan with joy. Your hands hold my balls gently and massage them as your mouth encompasses all of my cock and moves up and down its length. The heat and moistness of your lips and tongue feel wonderful. You leave my cock to your mouth and your hand moves behind and holds onto my arse as you start to increase your speed. Your nails dig into my cheek and you pull it tight, separating my cheeks. The mixture of pleasure and pain is sooo nice. I feel myself getting dizzy, my eyes start to lose focus and I feel as though I about to faint. It must be the pure pleasure I try telling myself. And suddenly I black out........ Then slowly I start to come around. I am lay down, the pleasure is still there. I feel such amazing feelings in my groin. My eyes flicker open and I look around. I am in bed, naked and you are further down the bed, sucking my cock to hardness. You look really pleased with yourself, knowing that you got me hard before I woke and that I can now enjoy the real treat from you.......... 

After you had nestled into my arms, you drifted off quickly, dreaming of all your fantasies coming to life. And some things that were so horny but so forbidden. You couldn't share them with anyone but the thought of them always turned you on. If only someone was there to share every thought, never to judge. Eventually you wake slowly. Your arm is across my chest and you hear my slow rhythmic heart beat and deep breaths as I sleep soundly. The room is warm enough that we have slept naked and you carefully look down to see our bodies entwined. Your leg is lay over my waist as you slept wrapped around me, getting as close as you can in case this is the only night we ever spend together. What would you do if you knew it was for only once, never to see each other again? 

You move your leg to lie on top of your other and to get a good view of my now limp cock. It is lying in my neatly trimmed groin, my balls shaved. Your mind wanders back to the very quick session we have just had. So much fun and so brief. You start to get aroused as you think of my cock deep inside you and hopefully what we will do together later. 

Your nipples harden and you feel that tingle between your legs. You move your hand down to your pussy and gently stroke yourself as you stare at my cock. Then you move your hand slowly across to my body and gently stroke my soft penis, feeling every vein and rim. It's coated now in its foreskin and you love to play with that, knowing that it will pull back to reveal the smooth head of my cock when it hardens. Carefully you just delicately smooth my skin all around my crotch and you smile as my cock seems to move on its own, shifting to one side as it slowly grows at your touch. My breathing is still heavy in sleep and you decide you want a closer look. 

You carefully move your body down the bed and take my shaft between thumb and fingers, lifting it off its bed of soft balls. You lean forward and kiss the skin, slowly up and down the shaft. You can smell both of us on it and you become more aroused. My cock is hardening slowly but it hasn't woke me. You put the end of my cock in your mouth and suck on my foreskin, taking it deep in your mouth whilst it is still soft enough. You nibble it gently and swirl your tongue around it. This causes it to grow at a faster rate and the foreskin slips over the head of my cock, as the head pushes its way out and into your mouth, you suck deeply on it. You carefully kneel up and place one hand between your legs as you watch my cock harden. You juices wet your hand and you pull it away and move it to my mouth, carefully brushing my top lip with your fingers, moistening it with your sweet scented juices. 

I stir slightly and my breathing quickens. You look down and my cock is almost to its full size, you fall on it hungrily but still softly play with it with your mouth, flicking at the head with your tongue and licking around the rim, then down the shaft and over each ball. I moan and you glance up, one hand holding my shaft erect as you lick upwards, back to the head. My eyes open and I look down the bed seeming a bit confused. You look really pleased with yourself, knowing that you got me hard before I woke and that I can now enjoy the real treat from you..........