 You carry on up to my mouth and kiss me deeply. I taste both of us on your lips; you move your tongue inside my parted lips and slowly move it around, tasting my mouth and run it over my teeth. God the electricity running through my body is amazing. Not only is my mouth exploding with senses, but my body is on fire as it feels you slowly moving on top of me.

I can feel your hard nipples on my chest as they move with your body across it. You can't keep still as we kiss. Your body slides over me from side to side like some snake and your legs are parted, one between my legs and the other on the right of my body so you're straddling my leg. I can feel the heat from your sweet pussy as it slides slowly up and down my thigh. Your juices marking their territory as they pour onto my skin. Your leg moves up between mine as you continue to kiss me hard. And your knee comes up to my balls slowly. You feel them full against your skin and you slowly tease, gently rubbing them as my rock hard cock forces up against your belly. 

Mmmm, you're squirming now as you feel my cock so close to your dripping pussy. You can't resist and you lift your knee and place it to the left of my thigh and lower yourself to my cock. Your hand reaches down and you grasp my cock hard in your small, delicate hand and run the head of it up and down your wet pussy. I can feel the heat of you and my rampant cock pushes even harder against it's skin and I feel I am about to burst out of myself in the eagerness to plunge inside you, but you continue to run it up and down your pussy. 

When it gets to your clit, you shake it against yourself and you gasp at your feelings as shots of lightning make your legs shiver, causing your sweet ass to shake. Then you wipe my head down through your pussy lips and further, down to your ass. I can feel it open for me. My tip is so sensitive, I can feel every contour of your ass hole as it opens and closes as though it is trying to suck my cock into it. As though it is its own being, hoping to devour me instead of that wet pussy. But you move your hand back up to your pussy, dragging my cock with you. 

I can hear you whispering over and over, so quiet that I cannot hear you at first then like some kind of mantra chant rising and falling I hear the one word repeated over and over "later, later, later...oooohh later"

And then you fall onto my upright cock. You are so wet that I slide deep inside on the first plunge. I can feel your lips open out and kiss my balls as you keep there, not moving. Then slowly you rock on top of me, grinding me slowly, sensually, like a belly dancer. You arch your back and raise your hands above your head as you perform a dance on my lap. I watch mesmerised like you're some dancing cobra swaying to the music. You look like you're not aware of me as you move with your eyes closed. But I know that you are feeling our bodies moulding into one.

We are together as you dance your dance of sex and love and lust on my dance floor, using my pole as your weapon of choice.

Then you appear to come out of your trance and you smile to yourself and look down at me. A huge grin fills your beautiful face and you shudder and fall on me, kissing me deeply and passionately. Then you rise back up and cup my face in your hands and say "Thank you".

I look a bit confused and you place a finger to my lips to stop me from speaking and say, "Thank you, for giving me this night. I have never had anyone give themselves to me completely. To let me do with them as I want."

I smile back at you and tell you that the pleasure is all mine and I wouldn't do it any other way. With that you fall on me again and I feel your tears fall on my cheeks as you kiss me so tenderly that my eyes fill with tears too, at this show of raw emotion.

You rise once more and press your hands on my chest and rise from me until my tip is just being kissed by your lips. You stare into my eyes and say" Ready?" I nod and you plunge back down on my cock, this time rising and falling as you fuck me hard and fast.

Our climax, yet again, is so close, through our deep lust for each other. You are bouncing up and down and I hear a low moan start to rise, seemingly from your belly and it gets louder and higher pitched as you continue to fuck me. I have to hold onto your hips as you feel like you're going to slide off me with each upwards lunge, only to impale yourself on my rampant cock again. Over and over. God this is amazing.

Then it happens. You are almost screaming as your whole body goes rigid and I feel your pussy clamp onto my cock as you come. I feel waves move along your pussy walls as you come and pour your juices over my cock and belly. This is too much for me and I push up from the bed and fill you with a fountain of my cum and this time I do have to hold onto you as you sag against me and I continue to ram myself upwards and into your gaping pussy. My cum flooding out of you, mixed with your juices. And then it's over and you lie on top of me as we collapse in exhaustion........