 He was her work buddy. They rode the elevator together and sometimes had lunch together. Ken was tall, with a baseball player type build. Nice arms, a goatee, and working man's hands. 

She was pretty. Short but not stumpy. Big, perky tits yet to be ruined by children. Straight, honey-colored blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. 

Over the years they developed a friendly relationship and banter. Never anything inappropriate, they both seemed to be happily married. They'd meet in the cafeteria at lunch and talk about their favorites on Netflix and the things their spouses had done to annoy them the night before. Amelia had always found him attractive and she had caught him sneaking a look at her tits every so often.

She enjoyed their time together but they had never hung out outside of work.

It was Christmas and the annual company party was at a beautiful hotel. All the years before they'd both brought their spouses to the party but this year they were both flying solo. Since most others were there with their dates, they had sort of paired up for the night. Laughing and drinking way too much, they spent the night getting closer and closer to each other physically. And enjoying the emotional connection they had already begun to build at work. 

As the night wore on his chair seemed to move closer to hers, they were both laughing all the time. At the buffet line, he put his hand on her back, and it made her smile. 

There was this spark, this recognition of the other that she had always felt when she was near him. And now fueled by alcohol and a night of togetherness she felt like she had to tell him. 

"Ken, can you come with me for a minute?" she asked. 

"Sure," he replied as he followed her out of the party room. 

They ducked into a neighboring room that was empty of people. 

"Ken, I like you." 

He laughed, "I like you too Amelia." 

Now she got extra nervous and considered shutting her mouth.

"No, Ken, I feel like we have some kind of connection. A connection that maybe in another life, a life that we are both single in, we'd make a good team," said Amelia getting more and nervous by the second. 

"Amelia, Amelia, Amelia," whispered Ken. And every time his mouth formed her name she could feel her pulse in her pussy.

"Amelia, I feel that too. We've always gotten along so great, we have so much in common. But the truth is, this will have to be in another life. I have a wife and I can't ruin that," said Ken. 

"Oh Ken, of course, I know that! I just felt like if I never told you how I feel. If we never acknowledged this bond we seem to share I'd regret it," said Amelia, sighing. 

"Can I have a hug and we'll go back to the party?" 

And in her head she immediately regretted asking. How dumb Amelia! 

Ken laughed a little and said, "of course." 

She leaned into him and peered up at his face. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her in close. She rested her face on his chest and felt his cock stir against her body. This was torture! She swore she even felt it twitch. 

She broke the embrace, and with a flushed face and out of breath voice said, "Okay, let's go join the others."

After rejoining the party the rest of the night went by uneventfully. Amelia could not stop thinking about their embrace. It was warm, and comforting and so fucking sexy all at the same time. She didn't make a habit of lusting after other women's husbands but there was something about this man that she had to have. 

They remained physically close for the remainder of the evening, talking and laughing like they always did. Occasionally, his knee would touch hers and it would send sparks through her body, soaking her panties. As the party began to wind down she noticed he stopped drinking. 

And she thought, "Okay good, I don't want him to make any alcohol fueled decisions."

Around 10, about half the party broke off to the bar for some after-party drinks but Amelia was ready for bed. She and Ken got in the elevator, alone. He didn't press the button for the upstairs bar, so Amelia was nervous about what was happening, but there was no way she was putting herself out there again. The doors opened to her floor and he stepped out of the elevator first. She walked out and followed behind him down the long hall to her door. The air was thick with anticipation. She fumbled with her key, and went to go open the door but Ken was standing in front of it. 

"What are you doing?" Amelia asked.

"Can I come in for one drink?" said Ken. 

Amelia, her voice shaking answered, "Sure."

The room was beautiful with a couch overlooking a paranoramic city view. Amelia opened some drinks from the mini bar, she sat on the couch, he stood against the window. 

"Listen, Ken, I'm not game for ruining your life, I don't need that on my head," Amelia said. 

He moved across the room and pulled her to her feet. He wrapped his arms around her and said, "You aren't ruining anything Amelia."

And again the sound of her name coming out of his mouth was like viagra, her pussy responded immediately. 

He tilted her face up to his and kissed her like she'd never been kissed. 

The absolute electricity that ran through her body was unreal. 

Ken broke the kiss and pulled her back from him. 

"Can I be honest with you Amelia?" 

"Sure." she replied. 

"My marriage is less than perfect in this department. In fact I can't tell you the last time anyone besides me has touched me," he laughed.

"Well that sucks. Literally?" Amelia responded and laughed. 

He pulled her back into him and started kissing her again. It was hard and urgent and felt amazing.

Now she really did feel his cock throbbing against her and she needed it in her mouth. 

She dropped to her knees and ran her hands down his legs, then she unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick. And a mighty nice dick it was. Thick, nice length and nice fat balls. Amelia swallowed it whole, down to the base and back up. She continued to do this, occasionally removing her mouth and jerking it with her hand. 

Ken was moaning so loud and saying, "Jesus Christ Amelia."

Not wanting him to cum before she could have him inside her, she stopped and came back up from his cock. 

"Are you one of those guys that isn't gonna kiss me now?" Amelia asked. 

Without answering Ken wrapped his arms around her body and kissed her. They moved their bodies against each other and Amelia had never felt so wet in her life. Ken reached back and unzipped her dress, causing it to fall to the floor and his hands went immediately to her tits. He started rubbing each nipple through the bra when Amelia reached back and unclasped it, freeing her tits for him. He moved his mouth to each nipple, rolling it with his tongue and sliding his hand along her belly to her panties.  

"Wow, it's nice to see you're as worked as I am," said Ken, as he rubbed her clit over her soaking wet thong. 

He put his face in between her breasts and took a deep breath in. 

"Damn!" He exclaimed. "I can't believe this is real!"

Any semblance of control Amelia had before now was gone. She wanted this man inside her. Each rub sent waves through her body and she started moaning in his ear. 

"Ken. I need you inside of me." 

He slipped her panties to the side and shoved 2 fingers inside. Plunging his fingers in and out and all Amelia could hear was her wetness. 

"Is this how you wanted me inside you?" Ken asked. 

"Umm no," she answered.

And he said, "then how do you want me?" 

The words just wouldn't come. Amelia never imagined this moment would ever, could ever happen. She just stared at him while his fingers were still deep inside her, making her gasp and moan. 

He took his fingers out of her and sucked them into his mouth. 

"You taste fucking amazing," he said as he led her over the couch and pushed her back into it. 

He kissed her again, deeply, and she could taste her pussy on his tongue. Then he leaned back and took off his shirt and boxers. Amelia rubbed her hands on his chest and pulled him into her. 

"I want your cock inside of me," she whispered in his ear, and she almost came just saying it. 

Ken then spun her onto the couch lengthwise and positioned himself on top of her. They were face to face. Cock to pussy. And he popped just the head of his dick barely inside her. He brought his face to hers and hungrily kissed her as he slid inside of her for the first time. 

Deep, oh so fucking deep he was inside her and he pumped her in long, hard strokes. Amelia could barely catch her breath. She grabbed the back of his neck and he buried his head in her shoulder. 

Moaning, "oh god Ken don't stop." She pulled her legs up and wrapped them around him. 

"I've thought about this for so long," Ken said quietly. 

"What?" Amelia asked, "Really!"

"Fuck yes really!" Ken grunted and started pumping her even harder. 

He gave her all of his cock. Every stroke was from the tip to the base. Amelia was out of breath and loved feeling him in her pussy. 

"Can I get a turn Ken?" She whispered in his ear. 

"Not yet," he said, while he kept sliding his rock hard cock into her. He suddenly stopped and dropped to his knees in front of the couch. He twisted her body towards him and dove into her pussy like he was starving for it. 

Amelia was shocked, and happy. He sucked her clit like an expert, doing it exactly how she loved it. With his mouth firmly on her clit and his fingers working her g-spot it wasn't long until she felt the familiar tingle of an orgasm coming. She tapped him on the shoulder and said, "don't fucking stop!" He kept going at an incredible pace until Amelia's pussy celebrated. She screamed "it feels soooo fucking good," as her muscles spasmed and her juices got all over his face. 

"You want that turn now?" He laughed and sat down on the couch. "Then ride me Amelia."

Amelia stood and placed her feet on either side of him lowering her body down until her pussy was resting on his raging hard cock. 

She started to rub her wetness up and down his cock. 

"Is this what you want?" She asked him. 

Instead of answering he moved his hips so his cock was inside her now. Amelia completed it by pushing her pussy all the way down the shaft. 

They both were panting and moaning as Amelia rode his cock, rubbing her clit at the same time. Her tits were bouncing up and down in his face. 

"Oh Ken, I'm gonna cum, again, you feel so amazing!" 

Ken responded by moving his hips faster so his cock was gliding so fast in and out of her pussy. Amelia felt the build up, and kept rubbing her hard clit until she came so hard. 

"Fuckkk, Ken I'm cumming!" She screamed. "So. Fucking. Hard."

He couldn't take it any longer as he felt her cum coat his cock. And he started shooting cum all inside her. She felt his seed fill her up as she recovered from her own orgasm. She felt each warm ribbon of cum as it was pumped in her, enjoying his release. They kept rocking together in a tangle of sweat, alcohol and cum. 

Amelia looked down at him and asked, "can you stay the night?" 

And he responded, "fuck yes I can." 

She took a deep breath and rested her head on his chest, looking forward to the rest of their time together.