 Authors Note: This story is an entry in the Nude Day erotic fiction contest. Votes and comments are always appreciated.

Warning: it contains mild master/slave role-play, multiple science fiction and fantasy references, unbridled romance, scantily clad beauties and breasts both large and small, and some silly wordplay, along with graphic, unprotected sex.

All characters engaged in any sexual activity are fictional and over the age of 18 in thought, fact and deed.

Incontheivable: A Paperback Love Story

by Kethandra Wilde

-Intro-

Two fingers, miles apart. One strong and masculine, the other petite, almost delicate.

They both click to view an email from the same sender, with the same subject line.

'thought you might find this pic interesting'

Two different pictures appear, one to each recipient, each causing hesitation, a delayed gasp of recognition, followed by a rush of adrenaline and a overwhelming swirl of longing, memory, and regret.

-Ken-

He had only become Facebook 'friends' with Daphne Caravelli recently, had hardly known her beyond a week working as partners on a high school Chemistry project. She had been tall, popular and pretty in school: the kind of girl who seemed to occupy a different world than the lanky, awkward nerd he had been in those days. But social media and the passing of years had changed what it meant to be a 'friend.'

When he had mentioned a trip to Florida for birding on his page, she had insisted that he stay at her place when he was near St. Augustine. Her familiarity and the invitation seemed odd, but flattering.

Based on her Facebook profile shots, she had matured from slim and pretty to a striking woman with strong Mediterranean features, flawless olive skin and a Pilates-honed body that, while still slender, was now endowed with proud, rounded breasts that seemed on the very verge of what could possibly be natural.

He was just double-checking his camera bag before heading off to the St. Augustine Alligator Farm when her e-mail came through. He had no particular interest in alligators, but apparently generations of wild wading birds including herons, storks and several species of egret had learned that the safest place to lay eggs and raise young was in the trees above a swamp filled with captive gators where few raccoons, bobcats, pythons or other predators were likely to wander. So a visit to the Alligator Farm was a prime bird watching opportunity in this part of the state.

Since he was supposed to stay at Daphne's place tonight, he opened her e-mail immediately.

He stared at the picture she had attached, forgetting to breath after an initial gasped inhale. If his hands shook he was as unaware of that as he was of the twin drips of sweat suddenly running down either side of his spine.

The picture features two women posing in costumes. Her caption read:

'Harry Potter theme party - Gryffindor duo wins grand prize. (I'm the tall blond).'

Maybe he was supposed to be distracted by the costumed Daphne, her large breasts pushed together and up under the skin-tight top, above an exposed, fit midriff. The blonde wig did little to disguise her distinctive face and build.

No. She knew what she was sending. It wasn't the taller girl, in her superhero costume, that he was supposed to find 'interesting.' Though she was worth a prolonged second glance:

Short skirt, cropped top, boots and a maroon cape. Daphne was clearly dressed as a sexy, exaggerated Supergirl, but the colors and the sigil on her chest were wrong. Red and blue had become maroon and grey. Only the gold stayed the same - the colors of Gryffindor, the 'house' that both Hermione Granger and Harry Potter belonged to at Hogwarts, the famous British school for wizards. The S was a stylized, sinuous rampant lion, the symbol of the house.

Daphne was stunning in the unique, clever outfit, showing more leg below the skirt than the comic book Supergirl ever had. But his attention would not stay on her.

Her companion in the picture was shorter, less curvy. And left him staring, slack-jawed, his breath held, his heart pounding.

The thick, reddish-brown hair was a wonderful duplication of the rich color of Hermione's hair, bound into a long braid that draped over one bare shoulder. It was obviously another wig, as he identified the face it framed, and the slight figure it crowned.

Ken would have known her delicate features anywhere, anytime. And the exposed, athlete's body, tiny but strong, only confirmed it. Stacy Nyborg. After all these years.

She was Princess Leia as Jabba's captive. Hermione Granger. A caricatured schoolgirl. All in an inspired, revealing costume mash-up. But it was recognizing Stacy as the beauty in the costume that set his heart to pound, his breath to catch.

Antiqued, detailed, thick metal pieces outlined the bikini, slung low on her hips and swirling under and around small breasts. Two narrow strips of tartan plaid cloth, pleated and in the same grey, maroon, and gold as 'Supergirl,' hung front and back from the slim hips as a floor length skirt, without concealing any of her naked, toned legs.

The same Gryffindor plaid backed the metal framework of the bikini top. Large metal bands encircled one wrist and the opposite bicep.

Even with the wealth of exposed, flawless skin, Ken's eyes kept returning to her slender neck, wrapped in a matching metallic collar. A sturdy chain hung from her throat, draped in a relaxed arc to end up held in Supergirl-Daphne's hands.

The last detail completed the 'wizarding schoolgirl' aspect of the costume. A large lollipop, a whorl of gold and maroon, was gripped in Stacy's small hands. He looked closely. The stick holding the over-size candy circle was wood-tone, slightly irregular in shape, not a simple cylinder. It was a slim wizard's wand.

His body dragged in a much-needed breath, flushed, heart racing, thoughts in a whirl tighter than the Gryffindor colors of the lollipop.

-Stacy- 

Stacy pulled up the single picture in the email, puzzled. Why would Daphne send her a screenshot of a Facebook post of random guy on the beach, posing by one of those long, skinning rowing boats they used in the Olympics?

Sure, he looked good, muscled and lean and sweaty in only board shorts, with an enthusiastic, genuine smile. He had the kind of body she could outfit well, if she ever decided to turn her cosplay skills toward men. It would look good in accented spandex as a space marine, or clad in leather and furs with an oversized battle-notched sword.

She read the original caption included in the screenshot, apparently written by the subject of the picture. It looked like a Facebook post.

'Got in a good workout on the Intracoastal - saw two dolphins, lots of pelicans and an Osprey dive for and fly off with sizable fish. Thanks to the Daytona Rowing Club for the loner single shell!

'Tomorrow, it's off to the famous St. Augustine Gator Farm/wading bird rookery. What better place for wild birds to safely nest and hatch eggs than in the trees above 100s of captive alligators? LOL.'

The comment was listed as from Birdmaster K.

She gasped at the name, looking closer at the picture. A single wrenching sob escaped her, followed by a steady stream of tears running down both cheeks. The single whispered word was pained. "Kenny."

-Ken-

Seeing Stacy's picture took him back in a rush, to childhood, to high school, to his first kiss and to the heart-break that still haunted him.

His childhood best friend and first, youthful, and - to be honest, lifelong - crush, had never been one to be cruel. Not at all. That is why the rejection had hit him so hard. As kids, the two played with Star Wars action figures, devoured any movie or book they could find involving swords and wizards, interstellar travel, unpronounceable names or outlandish costumes. They devoured Tolkien, Burroughs, Heinlein, Herbert, the sci-fi section of the video rental store, and every paperback with an over-muscled Boris Vallejo cover.

Other times, their imagination was enough, exploring the nearby woods, pretending to be characters from the stories they shared. Usually as partners but, occasionally, she would be his prisoner, a deadly assassin or wily thief on her way to justice. If they weren't venturing out from a spacecraft downed on a foreign planet, she would most often be the elven tracker, deft and dexterous, while he followed, either a magic-using mage with a staff of found wood, or a fighter, wielding the same stick as a sword in both hands.

Then came their freshman year of high school. Tiny, pretty blonde Stacy was immediately popular, the qualities that made her a believable elf translating into cheerleader and star gymnast, while Ken was pigeonholed as nerdy, a science wiz and binocular-wielding birdwatcher.

It still pained him remembering, as a freshman, approaching Stacy as she stood talking in the hall with some of her new cheerleader friends. He had greeted her, and asked if she wanted to watch The Princess Bride movie he had rented. Both had adored the clever tongue-in-cheek language of the book, quoting quips from it often.

The other girls giggled, one - Julie Morgan, famous in school for the early development of her prominent 'rack' - actually snorting her derision. He'd watched Stacy's initial, warm smile dim to hesitation, her eyes searching her new friends for guidance. When her gaze returned to him it was dismissive.

"Seriously?"

It was one word, but the tone, and the look that accompanied it was heart-breaking. Laughing, the other girls led her away. He heard Julie asking "Who was that geek anyhow?"

He had watched her small shoulders shrug a dismissal, but briefly Stacy looked back before the gaggle rounded a turn in the hall. He thought he saw sadness, or remorse, on her face, but he hadn't been sure. He only knew that they spoke no more than three additional words to each other rest of that school year, and that her family had moved to a new town by the time sophomore year began.

-Stacy-

Seriously.

One word. One word with the power of a magic spell.

It slammed shut a door between best friends. Friends who shared so much in common. It cemented her place in a new, giddy, intoxicating world where older, more popular girls treated her as - almost - an equal. It made fantasy and science fiction something to be watched and read alone, if at all, away from scoffing sneers and rolling eyes of her new 'friends.' More often, when she tried to enjoy the newest novel in a series she had formerly shared with Kenny, she felt and could almost taste bitterness, the loss, the shame of how she had brought that shocked, pained look to his face.

The worst was The Princess Bride. A light, humor-filled romp, filled with clever word play, it became instead her escape to wallow in self-incrimination and regret. Even though it became a staple of cable TV, still she owned a copy on VHS, then later adding DVD, and Blue Ray.

Alone, uninterrupted by commercials or pauses, it was her time to let tears and remorse flow free, in the dark and alone. One promising relationship just out of college had ended over the story, after a boyfriend had pulled her hardcover first edition of the book from the shelf, suggesting they read it aloud, to each other.

His was a romantic gesture, sensing the importance the story held for her. She had exploded in a torrent of rage and sobs, surprising them both. He was an unwitting target for her pent up anger unleashed, for the shame she had secretly heaped on herself for years.

Now, here resurfaced was Ken Williamson, the warrior Kenworthy Trollsbane of Tanelorn, and the great mage Kendrick the Clever, the Birdmaster of Grand Aerie, who - in their adventures - could call on both real eagles, ravens, or other birds to aid him, or take on their powers of flight and sight and speed himself, to aid in completing the near-impossible quests he pursued with his nibble and dexterous elf companion.

Yes, here was her Kenny still apparently fascinated with birds, grown into a man, with a physique that would fit the characters he had played so long ago. Kenny, smiling and happy without Stacy, without his companion of so many childish fantasies. He'd obviously moved on. Why couldn't she?

"Kenny." The whispered name was slurred, her throat tight as she failed to hold back a sob.

-Ken-

It wasn't until four years later that he tried any kind of athletics. As a freshman in college he joined the crew team, initially inspired by Water Rat from The Wind In The Willows, who stated "Believe me, my young friend, there is nothing - absolutely nothing - half so much worth doing as simply messing about in boats."

Rowing in precise unison, to a metronomic beat, in a needle-thin excuse for a boat, turned out to be a fair bit more structured than Water Rat intended, but it was Ken's first opportunity to spend any time at all on watercraft of any kind.

The primary side effect was that his long, lanky body quickly, and surprisingly, put on a sizable amount of sculpted muscle from daily rowing. Another was that he was now a comrade of sorts to a dozen or so young teammates who had begun crew at elite prep schools like Exeter and Andover. They seemed to exude an easy comfort in themselves and their place in society.

Combined, those two things brought at least a little self-confidence, which in turn reduced some of the stuttering paralysis that seemed to afflict him in the presence of girls he found attractive.

Especially if the girls reminded him of Stacy Nyborg. Petite, fit, athletic. Not too curvy, or too buxom, or too full-figured. Ideally blue-eyed, with delicate, defined features. Girls who might wield a light but deadly blade in the books he still read, or dodge the blows of a mightily-thewed warrior with their lithe nimbleness. Not the soft-limbed, bounteously breasted ones who merely awaited a hero or noble barbarian to free them from their captivity: the type who most often appeared on the books' covers, reclining on the ground as the swordsman stood alertly above them.

-Stacy-

She called to ask Daphne about the picture, trying to sound casual. The two had stayed in touch even after Stacy's family had moved away, maintaining contact throughout college and after, and now lived a short drive away from each other near St. Augustine Beach.

"You guys were BFFs as little kids, right? Who'd have thought he'd grow up so hot, right?"

She was glad the conversation was by phone, that Daphne couldn't see the flush that burned across her cheeks. A surge of jealousy shook her. Why was Daph facebook-friends with him, they'd hardly known each other, and how could Stacy even think now of competing against her gorgeous friend and those impossible tits? She had seen the way men were drawn to Daphne whenever the two were in public, and especially on the couple of occasions when they'd worn Stacy's cosplay creations.

She considered asking for Ken's contact info, to at least apologize for the way she had rejected him so long ago. Instead, she ended the call as quickly as she could, confused by her feelings and berating herself for having them.

Before she hung up, Daphne did remind her of their planned 'girls night' tonight. It would only be three women this time, with Julie Morgan joining them. Stacy steeled herself to stay strong, and not ask for Ken's e-mail. Either he had forgotten about her cruelty entirely, and probably Stacy herself, or she had hurt him enough that he would want no reminder.

-Ken-

The wading bird rookery had been amazing, with hundreds of herons, egrets, storks and spoonbills jostling for nesting space, all displaying their finest spring breeding plumage. The first eggs were hatching and he took a almost three thousand digital exposures trying to capture interactions between the babies and their parents as well as the magnificent colors and glorious feathers and display behaviors that these water birds took on at this time of year to better attract a mate.

Still, he was struggling to concentrate on editing the best of the shots, his mind going back again and again to the cosplay picture and the two beautiful women in their own magnificent displays.

What was Daphne's intent? Once she had seen him post about his planned birding trip, she had been quick to invite him to stay in her 'pool-guest house.' It was an easy drive from the rookery in St Augustine. She let him know he would have his own entrance and could come and go as he pleased while exploring this corner of Florida. When he had at first demurred, she grew insistent until he agreed to stay at least the one night. Tonight.

He didn't think the lovely, obviously successful 'Supergirl' (no one else he knew had a combination pool-guest house) was hitting on him. She was out of his league, he was sure.

And Stacy. Stacy. His mind concocted a dozen ways to ask Daphne about the petite girl beside her in the picture. How he could inquire without sounding like a geek clinging to a schoolboy crush over a grown woman who would have as little interest in him now as she obviously had in high school.

One photo he'd taken today obviously stood out, of a mother wood stork in her nest looking down at two fuzzy hatchlings with their oversized beaks. The hours-old babies gazed up at her, as though posing for a commercial ad, dripping schmaltz.

It was the kind of nature shot he had found did well in the online contests he sometimes entered. Voters liked pictures that told a story as well as portrayed the animals themselves. It didn't take long to edit, adjusting contrast and bringing the details out of both shadows and the highlights almost overblown by the intense Florida sunlight.

He saved a low-res, simple version to post on Facebook, then a high-res, more polished file for the contest. He did one last, quick, scan of the shot, added equipment and exposure information as well as the date and location, then hit 'Submit.'

-Stacy-

Most of the 'metal' pieces she made for costumes weren't metal at all, but painted plastic or foam, oversized and over-thick, like they may appear in an anime cartoon or comic book. The collar she worked on today was slender, the metal real, precious silver in fact, and she had already spent an inordinate amount of time getting the details correct.

Why, she didn't know, and doubted she would ever wear it at a con or otherwise. This was a re-creation of the finely-wrought collar that a pampered, valued Gorean slave girl might wear, inspired by the cheesy series of paperback novels that told the 'Chronicles of Gor.'

An ornamental symbol, much like a script K, was engraved into the silver, that she had meant to represent a typical pleasure slave brand mentioned in the books: signifying the word 'Kajira,' the Gorean term for slave girl.

Today, instead, the engraved mark seemed to her a true English K, as in Kendrick or Kenworthy, the symbol declaring the wearer of the collar to be his property, much like a warrior of Gor might use it. She was unable to clear a distracting, disturbing image from her mind, picturing the strong shirtless man from the photo placing, locking the silver collar around her slim neck, as she knelt before him, head down.

Hopefully partying with the girls would relax her tonight. It had been a busy couple of weeks, between running the sales office that was her day job, and working on too many costume projects. Soaking in Daphne's hot tub and a night's stay in the poolhouse so she didn't have to worry about driving drunk should help. Even if Julie could be a bitch, and the time spent in the spa with the two buxom women played right into Stacy's own insecurities.

Hopefully Julie would be in a quiet mood. Stacy could use the recharged, refreshed outlook she often felt after staying in Daphne's quiet, isolated guest house with the small zen garden.
