 The summer had arrived, and I decided to get away for a long weekend. I left work on the Thursday evening, and drove North to catch up with an old friend.

It was a long old drive, but passed without incident, and I was soon at my destination, relaxing over a drink or two.

The following day a few friends had come round to the house, and we’d all had a laugh – we even had a couple of water fights along with kite flying etc – all in all, a fun packed day.

For the evening, my friend decided to have everyone back to his house for a ‘gathering’ – all for fun, we all decided to get dressed up, so whilst we donned our Black Tie, the girls went home to get into their most glamorous and glitzy outfits.

Around 8ish, the girls all started arriving back at the house, and boy, had they all gone to town in getting dressed up!

Whilst we’d all got dressed up smart, it seems that the girls had decided to wear as little as they could to cover up themselves .. not a bad start to the evening!

However, as we sat down for dinner, I realised that everyone around the table, apart from two of us, were in couples. As such, I’d been ‘paired off’ with a girl called Sarah.

I’d known Sarah for a long time, and met her on several visits up here, so it wasn’t like a blind-date or anything.

However, every time I’d met Sarah, she’d been going out with someone, so I’d never even thought of her as ‘available’ and had never imagined anything more than being just passing acquaintances with her.

We got chatting at the meal, and there was a great deal more to her than I’d first thought; and tonight she was in the same mood as me; out for fun!

The comments started with Sarah’s boots; she was wearing some knee high, suede stiletto boots. I passed her a compliment about them (I’ve always had a soft spot for them) and her response was unexpected:

“I thought you might like them; I’ve been meaning to try them out, as I really want to wrap them around someone’s back.” She said simply, and matter-of-factly.

“I think I might just take you up on that offer later then” I said with a wink.

“Anytime you want” she replied “I’ve gone for the ‘quick access’ outfit tonight” she whispered.

I smiled trying to come to terms with the situation; a gorgeous girl being very forward with me.

“And what exactly is ‘quick access’ when it’s at home?” I whispered back, trying to be as subtle as possible with all the others around the table.

“Well, I’m wearing hold-ups, my g-string got left at home, and I’m so wet that whenever you feel like it I’ll be ready” Sarah whispered with a sexy wink.

“You’re not backwards in coming forwards, are you?” I said.

Sarah smiled “You don’t believe me, do you?” 

Before I had a chance to answer, Sarah glanced around the table, and whilst no-one appeared to be looking, she took my right hand under the table, and spread her legs, guiding my hand between them. I felt the silky soft skin of her inner thighs, and then the warmth as I neared her crotch. As my fingers reached her pussy, I felt how smooth she was, and as my fingers slid between her lips, I felt the moisture lurking inside her. She was right, she was sodden, and my fingers slipped effortlessly into her. Sarah looked at me and bit her bottom lip.

“See; I wasn’t lying” she whispered “You and I are going to fuck each other’s brains out tonight”

I kept my fingers buried inside her, moving gently, as we all chatted after dinner, had some more wine, and a cigarette. As I chatted to others around the table, I felt Sarah’s hands close around my forearm, and her fingernails dig in slowly before feeling her quiver around my fingers. Her pussy tensed rhythmically and squeezed my fingers. A quick glance at her, and I knew she’d just climaxed, confirmed as I felt more of her wonderful juices flow around my fingers. However, I just carried on as if nothing had happened, and she kept twitching around me whilst she tried to hold a conversation with the chap next to her. She didn’t seem to mind, and made no attempt to pull my hand away.

We carried this in for a while, until it was decided that we’d all adjourn to the sitting room. We all filed out of the dining room, and Sarah and I left last.

“You bastard!” she whispered jokingly as we left. I simply turned and winked at her.

It was already around 1, so shortly after we’d gone into the sitting room, people started to head off to bed, and in no time, Sarah and I were the only two left.

“I can’t believe you did that to me!” she whispered first.

“Well, you’ve only got yourself to blame!” I replied with a cheeky grin.

Sarah smiled, then got up and walked over to me. Stopping in front of me, she slowly squatted down, keeping eye contact with me.

“It’s your turn now” she whispered as she reached up to my flies. Gently she undid them, and delicately pulled my growing cock out into the open. Her slender fingers closed around my organ, and she started to wank me slowly before licking the tip. I was now rigid in her hand, and Sarah watched me closely as she slid the tip of my cock into her mouth.

As I closed my eyes, she set to; she was on a mission, and she wanked me vigorously whilst sucking my cock deep into her mouth. Sarah certainly knew what she was doing, and as I felt her fingers gently caress my balls, and in no time Sarah had me on the verge of cumming. However, rather than taking me over the edge, she held me there, with my cock throbbing wildly in her hand and mouth. She teased me endlessly, bringing me closer, then relaxing, then building up again, then relaxing, before she slowly wound down, and stopped. She then stood up slowly in front of me.

She said nothing, as she lifted her dress over her head, and stood there in front of me naked. Her body was incredible, and she’d obviously spent many an hour down the gym honing her physique to perfection. Slowly she danced in front of me, tweaking her pierced nipples, and running her hands all over herself. She kept constant eye contact with me, and edged her hands closer to her beautiful, smooth mound. As her hips gyrated slowly, she spread her lips apart and exposed her intimate piercing, before she slipped a couple of fingers inside herself, and she ground her hips onto her fingers. She let out a quiet groan, and she closed her eyes whilst she reached deeper inside herself. Her other hand moved behind her, and I watched her probing her arse. Her gyrating got faster, as did her breathing, and her fingers began moving more quickly around her clitoris. As her other hand kept probing her arse, she groaned again, sliding the finger right up inside her backside. Sarah rocked her head backwards, and I watched as her body twitched and shuddered; another orgasm was coursing through her incredible body.

I undid my shirt, and slid it off, before removing the rest of my clothes.

I stood up in front of Sarah, and held her as she kept her climax going. I turned her around, and guided her to where I was sitting, and sat her down, the whole time, her hands frantically working on her clitoris and arse, and keeping her orgasm pulsating.

I knelt down in front of her, and spread her long legs apart. 

I reached down and held her boot covered ankles for a moment, before lifting them up, and starting to spread them apart. 

Sarah opened her eyed, and smiled coyly at the sight of my cock, which was now pumped up and absolutely rigid.

“Oh fuck, this is going to feel so good” she sighed.

She then slipped her fingers from inside her, reached out, and held the heels of her boots, and started to pull. Slowly she extended her legs fully until she sat there in front of me doing the splits. 

Seeing her lithe body stretched an exposed like this in front of me drove me wild. I reached down, and as I gripped her buttocks, spreading them as far apart as they would go, I guided my throbbing cock to her. Sarah closed her eyes as the tip of my cock touched her damp lips, and as I gently edged inside her, she bit her bottom lip. I paused for a moment, and then forcefully rammed myself home inside her. Sarah gasped, her eyes opening wide as my solid mass reamed deep inside her. 

She quivered as I stayed there, throbbing gently deep inside her. I looked down between our legs, and smiled at the sight of my thick cock embedded in her, with her pussy stretched tightly around me. 

I slowly slid out of her until my tip was only just inside her, before I firmly thrust back inside. I repeated the motion, over and over, getting slightly faster as I did so, and Sarah started to get lost in the moment.

Soon enough, I was screwing Sarah hard, thrusting in and out of her as hard and fast as I could, and she was doing everything she could to stop herself from making lots of noise. She reclined on the sofa and rested her heels on the edge as she moved her hands to her breasts and started to caress them.

Sarah groaned sexily, and it got louder as I slid deeper and deeper into her, as I neared my peak. Sarah was also getting very near to yet another climax, and I could feel her pussy tightening around my shaft rhythmically, when she suddenly clamped down on me. My cock was squeezed firmly as her body went wild and started to shake violently around me.

Sarah muttered a train of expletives, as her body jolted and convulsed in the grips of a powerful orgasm. It seemed to last an eternity, as I carried on hammering into her, but when she finally came down from her climax, she slowly lifted her legs up, and closed them together. She pulled them right up to her chest, and looked at me for a moment.

“Let me feel you cum” she whispered.

She then closed her eyes, and relaxed back into the sofa. 

I set to, thrusting long, and deep inside her, and I could feel my cock getting larger by the second as I got even more turned on.

“Come on, harder” she urged me “fuck me … yes fuck me!!”

Hammering into her, I could hear her whimpering each time my cock filled her, but it wasn’t long before the sensations got the better of me.

My cock started to grow even more, and I watched Sarah’s eyes grow wider. 

“Oh god yes” she whispered softly and as I began to shudder to my peak, I felt her pussy quiver around my shaft. With a large jolt, I thrust forcefully into her, as deep as I could, and I could feel my balls tighten as my thick seed was injected into her.


Together we twitched for some time, before we relaxed and I slid from inside her.

We both stayed where we were, gasping for breath.

After a while, I stood up, and gave Sarah a hand getting up from her relaxed position on the sofa.

We made ourselves vaguely decent, and then carried on upstairs to the room that we were to be staying in.

It was an incredible room. Very ornate, and with a HUGE four poster bed as it’s centrepiece.

Sarah stripped back off in seconds, and wandered over to the bed, and started to move the duvet as I closed the door. She was standing there, bent over the bed, clawing at the duvet and the view had my cock growing instantaneously. I walked over to the windows. I unhooked all four curtain ties, and walked back to her. I pushed her gently onto the bed, and rolled her over onto her front, and she looked at me inquisitively. I said nothing.

I took one of her hands, and moved it to the bed post, where I tied her wrist up.

I then walked around the bed, and did the same with the other wrist. Sarah had an evil twinkle in her eye.

I then followed suit with both of her ankles so that she was spread-eagled on the bed. 

I climbed on the bed between her splayed legs. She was still soaking wet from earlier, and I guided my rigid cock to her pussy once again. Slowly I pushed, and my cock edged bit by bit into her tight cavity again. Sarah stopped her writhing, and unable to do anything else, accepted me.

With a continuous push, I was deep inside her again, but from this angle I was so much deeper than before. “Do you feel full enough then?” I whispered into her ear.

Sarah lifted her head a little “Christ yes” she gasped, before putting her head back into the pillows.

I then started to screw her, and in seconds, she came again. This time it was more subtle, and continued on for a long time as I kept sliding slowly in and out of her.

I could see her straining at the ties around her wrists as she fought to keep control of her body, but it was in vain. Soon enough, the sensations got the better of me, and I could feel myself swelling even more inside her.

Sarah let out a rather strangulated “Oooohhh Yesss!” through the pillows, as my cock began to pulsate. Sarah quivered beneath me once more just as I felt my balls tighten. I went rigid as my cock injected yet more of my thick cum deep inside her, and it seemed to go on for ages, more and more of my cum pumping into her, before I slowly relaxed, and lay gently on top of her.

As I lay there still feeling the pulsations emanating from Sarah’s pussy, I felt her tense yet again, and quiver.

I slowly slid out of her. One by one, I undid her bonds, and when she was free, she just lay there, breathless.

It was not long until we both dozed off, exhausted.