 This short story will be my first if accepted. I purposely used less colorful descriptions to see if the story could still be erotic and stand on it's own. If you like this one please vote on it. I have another longer story in the works and yes it's more erotic. I wasn't sure whether to categorize it as a Romance or Erotic Couplings. 

*****

As the bus pulled out of the station, I realized that I had nodded off.

I was seated at the back where it was quiet, with several rows of empty seats in front of me.

After a two-week leave, I was reporting back to Ft Hood Texas. As usual, I was wearing my military uniform, for two reasons. First, it got me free drinks, second, it attracted women. I'd like to have thought it was my good looks and hard body, but I knew that some women are drawn to a man in uniform.

Looking up, I could see a young woman making her way toward the back of the bus. She was wearing a scarf and a pair of sunglasses, which I thought was odd. It was eight pm and already dark. Who wears sunglasses at night, blind people, where was her cane?

"Do you mind if I sit next to you," she asked, standing in the aisle. 

"Sure," I replied gesturing to the empty seat beside me, trying to hide the irritation in my voice. Damn, rows of empty seats and she has to intrude into my space.

Sitting, she removed the scarf and sunglasses, her black hair was shoulder length, framing dark brown eyes.

"Gum?" she asked. 

"Sorry, I don't have any I stammered, momentarily unnerved by her beauty.

"No, would you care for some gum?" she asked smiling. 

"Um, sure," I replied, feeling a little embarrassed.

Regaining my composure, I stole a glance at her as she reached into her purse.

"Has anyone ever told you that you look like? 

"Yes," she interrupted. "We even have the same name, Marie," she said.

"Hi, I'm Robert," I said. 

"Ok, if I call you Bob?" she smiled.

We spent the next couple of hours talking about my time in the military and life in general. At twenty she was two years younger than me. She didn't volunteer too much personal information about herself and if she got uncomfortable she would steering the conversation in a different direction. "She was just being cautious," I thought, after all, we had just met.

At one point she paused and with a sad look in her eyes, she asked," 

"Aren't you afraid of being sent into a combat zone?"

"Well, there are things I had rather do," I replied.

"War is a terrible thing, so many young men dying, never having a chance to experience life," she said, her eyes tearing up as she spoke.

She told me of a young boy she had known He had enlisted right after his eighteenth birthday and never lived to see his nineteenth. Then she leaned her head against my shoulder and grew quiet.

I was awakened by the warmness of her breath on my neck, my face only inches from hers. Those full red lips were tempting, an invitation or was I reading her wrong?

Reason rarely wins out over youthful passion. I cupped her head in my hand pulling her lips against mine. I could taste the sweetness of spearmint as our tongues intertwined.

Still cupping her head, my right hand gently caressed her breast. She moaned and squeezed my thigh thru the thin material of my summer dress greens. 

Feeling encouraged, I slid my hand under her skirt to the warm juncture of her thighs. Her legs parted slightly and my hand dropped to the silky fabric between. As I hooked my finger over the waistband she raised her hips allowing me to slide her panties off.

She moaned again as I sank two of my fingers into her warm wetness, knuckle deep. Slowly, I began to thrust them in and out, my thumb rubbing little circles. I heard the sound of my zipper and my throbbing manhood sprang out, fully erect, she took it into her hand.

In and out went my fingers, up and down went her hand, our mouths still joined. I felt my climax starting to build as her body shuddered, little mewing sounds escaping from her lips, her hips arching upward. As if someone had pushed a launch button I erupted, spraying the back of the adjacent seat with a pearly spider web.

We fell back in our seats and I kissed her forehead. Too breathless to speak, we both drifted off into a peaceful slumber.

I awoke to an empty seat, the scent of her still lingered. The bus driver said she had gotten off at an unscheduled stop and into to a waiting taxi. 

I can't fully explain my feelings. "What the hell," I thought, "Two ships passing in the night." Beautiful women like her, have their pick.

A couple of weeks had passed and I was re-adjusting to military life. I picked up my mail and headed down to the rec-room where the television was located. There was a celebrity-studded special coming on to honor our military personnel that I wanted to see. Hanging at the bars in surrounding G.I. towns wasn't my thing. 

My thoughts had drifted as the television droned in the background, back to that night on the bus. "You're pathetic, she probably doesn't even remember your name," I thought. A familiar voice brought my attention back to the screen. Damn, not only did they look alike, they sounded alike. Her voice was clear and strong as she sang one of my favorites, "Paper Roses."

Back at the barracks, I sorted through my mail. One of the envelopes caught my eye because the address only had my battalion and company, with my first name and rank. I found a front row ticket and a backstage pass with a short note that read: "Hi Bob, I really enjoyed our short time together, I felt as though we made a connection. The enclosed ticket and backstage pass are for my one- week engagement in Dallas. I would love to have you as my guest. If you don't show I will understand. Thinking of you, Marie." 

I still had over a week leave time on the books, now all I had to do was convince my C.O. to let me have another leave so soon. I didn't know where this would lead but I was going even if I had to go A.W.O.L. Like I said, "Reason rarely wins out over youthful passion."