 The sound of laughter regularly fills our office due to the bright, bubbly nature of young Annabel who has been with us since leaving school. Her cheerful personality means that loud peals of laughter regularly resound off the walls & ceilings of the building; we can even hear her in our office down on the ground floor even though she is upstairs in the design office.

Us old timers who have been here over fifteen years still remember 'young' Annabel starting as a very shy, timid young girl, fresh from school, out in the big wide world...... our construction company office anyway. But once she settled in her personality and love of life & humour came to the fore, and she soon became an essential part of our office as her loud bursts of laughter rang forth and brighten our days. No matter what problems or shit we were trying to sort out in the joys of the construction industry, they were soon reduced to a minor problem as we smiled at the joy of Annabel's laughter. It made problems all 'small stuff' long before it became a trendy catch phrase in some life skills book.

As time passed Annabel grew out of her schoolgirl looks into quite a young stunner who brightened our day visually as well as aurally. As I type this it has occurred to me that the number of reasons needed to go upstairs has grown over the years as Annabel's looks & body have grown. When she reached 18 she had such nice hips supporting a really cute arse wrapped in tight jeans, the style of choice in those days – both of the girls wearing them and us dirty old buggers who admired them wrapped around a cute arse. Whenever we went go-karting after work us men drove like demons to be the kart racing around the track behind Annabel because the kart seats had a gap at the base of the backrest and her tight shapely arse used to wiggle & roll as she swerved around the tight bends on the track. Annabel won every time as the rest of us were too busy fighting it out to be in second place; and none of us ever bothered to try to overtake her either; although to be honest I don't think any of us would have succeeded as she is one mean driver who won on her own merits. 

One time she bought her boyfriend along and we looked on jealously as he gave her a kiss after retaining the trophy again that night. We would all have loved to have Annabel as our 'trophy' in our dirty old minds; but none of us would ever consider hitting on her, she didn't deserve that; she was our 'young Annabel' and so sweet.

A few years later Annabel announced that she was getting married to her long-time boyfriend who we had come to regard as part of the 'family' whenever we had social events. When Annabel walked down the aisle in white jaws dropped and trouser snakes perked up and showed interest, she was fucking stunningly beautiful and so innocent looking. Us blokes would had sold our souls to the devil to be the one taking her to bed that night and slowly undressing her out of her wedding dress. At the reception a lot of the wives were wondering why so many of us had suddenly taken up disco dancing compared with our usual habit of drinking beers together. Annabel was so beautiful, so happy, and her laughter was so infectious. That wedding was never matched nor bettered in our memories since. That night a few of wished that she didn't get pregnant too soon as we would seriously miss her presence, laughter & looks in the office. 

Marriage was good for Annabel as she blossomed into a confident young woman who took on responsibility at work and was promoted as our company grew.

A couple of years later her and Daniel finally started a family and we counted down the days until Annabel would leave to have her baby. Eventually that day arrived and there were tears & love in the air at the morning tea put on in her honour. The day after the office was so quiet it felt as if there had been a death in the family. We couldn't remember the days before Annabel when the office had been quiet; we had so grown used to her laughter as being a normal day in the office.

A long 6 or 8 months passed until we got the word that Annabel was returning to work, and smiles broke out on faces as we looked forward to hearing those peals of laughter again and seeing that cute arse walking by in the office.

Annabel was a few pounds heavier when she came back, but to be honest it suited her. And those of us with real dirty minds would always liked a bit of padding if we dreamed of giving her a table-ender (in our dreams! Annabel would have laughed if she could read our minds). Well her hubby must have had his dream come true because just 6 months later she was pregnant again, and the weeks flew by and suddenly she was gone again.

With having two youngsters at home now she soon returned to work; maybe to give her lovely breasts a rest from her young daughter and maybe because money was tight. Whatever the reason, everyone was so pleased she was back, the men more so than the ladies! Annabel was now a stunning woman, and definitely a MILF now that term was trendy & common to use, mostly in our minds & dreams, never out loud. The tight jeans had gone, both due to changing fashion and due to a more senior role. Annabel started to wear skirt & blouses more regularly now. These still showed off her shaped hips and sometimes her still cute arse when she bent down or leaned across a desk; but in addition they showed the most beautiful, full, shapely calves I have ever seen. Our 'young Annabel' was now a fully-fledged beautiful stunning women, but still with great personality & laughter. 

Gradually I changed my lunch time so that I was in the lunch room for when Annabel entered, and I was always sat in a great position where I could watch her reach & stretch into the cupboards for a plate & a mug, before turning to reach for the coffee machine. Many a day I had a hard on develop under the lunch table as I feasted my eyes across her stunning body. Some skirts got more of an effect than others, and these outfits soon became my favourites for the obvious reason.

But while I admired her body I still loved her bubbly personality and her laughter.

About a year ago I noticed Annabel had started to seem a little subdued and not her regular, laugh at life self. Shortly after that I heard her and Bev talking at lunch that things were tight with her eldest daughter starting school and the other being in day-care. A couple of months later I came into some money through an inheritance; I was mortgage free by then and so the money went into short term savings accounts towards my retirement. Once or twice I thought about approaching Annabel and offering to loan her some money as life wouldn't be getting any cheaper for her with two growing daughters, but I wasn't sure how she would take it, especially if she thought there was a 'cost' involved. Think about it, how many people willingly loan others money these days? Surely there is going to be a hidden reason or cost; or maybe I just have a twisted way of thinking. The more I thought about it the more I admired Annabel each time I was in the lunch room. I admired her as a young mum & wife doing her best in harder times; and I also admired her sexually, many times I had grown a hard on driving home thinking about her. Thinking about her gradually morphed into fantasying about Annabel.

This came to a head, literally, the night the movie channel on Sky TV showed the Robert Redford & Demi Moore 90's film called "Indecent Proposal". This film shows a young couple wanting to develop the husband's business but not having enough money to do so; so they decide to go to Las Vegas and gamble to make up the shortfall of what they need. Whilst playing roulette they gamble absolutely everything on red and the wheel is spun. Like most dreams & gambles in Vegas it comes up short and the look of despair & disbelief on Demi Moore's face is almost haunting. Her look is witnessed by a billionaire played by Robert Redford who befriends them at the table and looks after them for the rest of the evening. Over drinks he learns their story & their dream and whilst playing pool with the husband, played by Woody Harrelson, he lays out his indecent proposal of that he will give them a million dollars for one night with his wife. 

The rest of the film is an interesting take on love, money, affection, and greed. This got me thinking and seeing Demi Moore in a cute black cocktail dress gave me a hell of a hard on as I watched the plot unfurl. 

Slowly over the next week or so a fantasy grew in my mind on the drive to and from work; and in the second week it started to formulate into a plan, taking away my concentration from the work I was meant to be doing in the office. That week I seemed to pass Annabel more often in the corridors, she seemed to be regularly going past my office, and bending more in the lunch room. I was starting to get fixated on this beautiful woman; my concentration was shot, and my work was starting to suffer. Here was a 50 ish year old guy, horny as hell, desperately wanting to slowly undress this woman and admire her before making love to her, either slow & romantically or rough and quick on the meeting room table. It was time to put up or shut up; I either had to do something about it or look for a new job. After 20 plus years with our company and at my age the chance of changing jobs and being secure was very slim; a bit like betting everything on red on the roulette in Las Vegas. 

It was time to change my fantasy into a plan; the difference between a fantasy and a plan is (a) putting a date to it, and (b) putting some actions in place. Over the next week I made of list of necessary actions and equipment, and marked up a calendar page as a timeline to pull all of this together.

Early in the thought process I decided that I couldn't approach Annabel & Daniel directly with my proposal; I wasn't in a position to walk away from it like Robert Redford's character if it all blew up in my face. If it went wrong my personal & work life would be destroyed all for the lust of wanting to get between Annabel's shapely thighs. No, I had to make the proposal in such a way that they accepted the proposal before they found out that it was me; and also Annabel had to be in a location where it wasn't so easy just to reject it and walk away in anger, betrayal, or disgust once she knew it was me. I had to think it through from their point of view, how would they react when they received the proposal? The way the characters in "Indecent Proposal" dealt with it gave a good starting point for roughing out their thought processes & reactions, backed up by writing out a "what if?" mind map so I could then plan a response to whatever reaction they might have. Once I got that thought through and written down; I started to plan in more elaborate detail.

First to tackle was the proposal itself, what should it be? What did I actually want and what was I prepared to give or pay in return? I didn't want a one night stand in a hotel somewhere; I wanted the time & contact to know Annabel and her stunning body slowly and very intimately. To me this needed a week somewhere secluded and private. Also it had to be somewhere that she couldn't easily storm out from & return home if she got cold feet; once she was at the location there was to be no going back for her. My proposal also had to be very clear what I expected from her acceptance and that the requirements would be freely & willingly met; that way there was no misunderstanding as to what Annabel and Daniel were agreeing to. I would also need to make it clear that the proposal was from someone that she knew and that both of us had to be adult in our dealings after the event so that no one would wonder what had changed between us.

I even logged into the work's server using a colleague's password to look up her clothing sizes from the record kept to supply our corporate clothing. That way I could purchase some of the clothes I wanted to see her in if she accepted the proposal.

And so the planning continued and when finished I went through it in detail looking for errors & considered it from their point of view to anticipate what they would think and do. At the end of that I took a couple of days to sit back and seriously consider whether I should put the proposal into play. For a thousand bucks I could enjoy half a day with a local escort and that might cure my need to bed some young woman, but it wasn't about that; serious thoughts said it was Annabel, not anyone else. It was Annabel that fascinated me, totally. It was her laughter & personality that I enjoyed; her smile brightened my day; and her body stiffened my prick. Yep, I wanted to do this .... Damn! I needed to do this.

The proposal was typed and printed on nice paper and I drove to her neighbourhood and parked about 200m from their house. Delivery was easy, I just waited until one of the local kids came close and offered him $10 to deliver the letter; and as soon as I saw him knock on Annabel's front door I drove off. The proposal offered them $50,000 for Annabel to spend a week with me, enjoying herself in the sun but taking care of my every wish or desire during that time. 

I outlined that Annabel knew me at work and that nothing should change between us after the event and that once back home that was the end of it. I gave them a month to consider the proposal saying that they must seriously consider how it might affect their relationship going forward and that the money was to help them out knowing that they could never afford to repay me if it was a loan; hence the alternative form of return on my investment in them as a couple. Once they had fully discussed it they should put an advert in our local paper that I supplied the wording for if they accepted the proposal.

Jeez, it was a hard month that followed as doubts raced through my mind; Yes, I could still back out and just drop the whole idea; but as much as I had doubts I also had strong urges to undress Annabel resulting in a healthy erection whenever those thoughts danced across the back of my eyes.

I was shaking with anticipation & excitement each day I bought the local paper a month after delivering the proposal. In Thursday's edition, just as I was thinking they wasn't going to reply, there was the pre-worded advert. YYEESS, they had accepted ...... I could see myself very slowly undressing Annabel right now!

Now I had a lot of work to do making bookings and purchases as I worked my way through my action list. Flights & accommodation were booked; and I told my wife I would be away on a work's trip for 12 days. Another $10 went to a local kid to deliver the flight tickets and details a month before departure so Annabel could book leave from work for the week she would be away. In addition to this there was a copy of a scheduled bank transfer of $50,000 into their bank account on the day of Annabel's return home.

Annabel showed no sign of anything being wrong or different while at work leading up to her 'holiday'; that wasn't the case for me, I had a raging hard on under the table while watching her at lunch time. In fact I started to delay my lunch time by 10 minutes so my hard on had time to die down after Annabel left the lunch room. Jeez, I was so looking forward to my 'work trip'.

My 'purchases' started to arrive at work ready to go into my suitcase; and I ticked each item & task off my list as each was completed ready to go.

Finally the day of my flight, and I flew out on Air New Zealand flight 54 to Fiji landing at 7.30pm that evening and stayed in a local hotel that night before transferring to Toberua Island Resort on the far side of the island. Fortunately I hadn't got stopped at Customs as they would have had some serious questions regarding the women's clothing 'purchases' that were in my suitcase. I quickly settled into my over-the-water thatched roofed bungalow with a Long Island Iced Tea cocktail in my hand as my feet soaked in the warm ocean. I knew that Annabel would be catching the same flight on Friday evening and arriving on Saturday afternoon. I couldn't wait... time for a refill followed by a cold shower to reduce my ardour before dinner.

Saturday I went out snorkelling so I wouldn't be around when Annabel arrived as she would be looking around to find out who had arranged the proposal and I didn't want her to find out until that evening over dinner. I had a great day snorkelling over the local coral reef with swarms of tropical fish swimming amongst the coral formations. But at times I was distracted from the beauty of this undersea world by thoughts of the beauty of Annabel, and the thought she was going to be all mine for the coming week. A raging hard on filled my trunks as I swam & floated, I so wanted to undress her so slowly; and in a few hours I would have the opportunity. 

A picnic & a cold beer made for a nice lunch, plus a few hours lying on the empty white sand beach was nicely capped off before the boat came to pick me up and take me back to my bungalow. I had a slow cool shower to freshen up before dressing in a relaxed cotton shirt with slacks & a belt, rounded out with Jandals, all easily removed if required.

I had arranged for Annabel to be seated at a table so she was facing away from the entrance so that I would be able to approach our table before she saw me. This worked well and I was within 5m of the table before Annabel turned and saw me. 

"Oh," was all she said as she looked surprised that it was me approaching the table. 

"Is this seat taken?" I asked. 

"No, please join me," she smiled as I stepped up to the table. 

I reached down to gently grip her hand, lifted it slowly off the table and then bowed to kiss the back of her warm smooth skin. She smiled and that Anabel laugh filled the air eliciting a pleasing smile from me in return. God she looked stunning sitting there in a simple cotton summer dress that hung beautifully on her heavenly body. My eyes took in the beauty of her hair cascading onto her exposed shoulders and across the thin strap of her dress before tumbling part way down the exposed skin of her shoulders. The flowery patterned dress was simple yet beautiful on Annabel as I drank in her beauty with my eyes, holding this sight of my Helen of Troy to be set in my memory forever. Annabel was simply beautiful, it was as simple as that, no flowery descriptive adjectives to go with her flowery dress; just a simple raw beauty that showed she was 120% all woman sitting comfortable with herself. She showed no sign of being apprehensive, just a relaxed comfortable sitting position with a relaxed smile on her face. 

An attentive waiter appeared at my side and asked about drinks; I held my hand towards Annabel.

"Another one of these please," she pointed to her half empty cocktail glass. The waiter simply bowed his head and looked towards me. 

"A Long Island Iced Tea please," I replied looking forward to my five shot cocktail with coke, ice & lemon. I pulled out the chair opposite Annabel and sat down realising that my growing fantasy had reached maturity and the girl, correction, woman, of my dreams was sat across from me and would be for the next week. "By 'Oh' I guess you were expecting someone else?" I asked.

"I wasn't sure who it would be but I was expecting one of the Directors or Senior Managers," she replied, "Solely because they have the money to do all of this." At this Annabel slowly waved her hand in a long swipe above the table.

"Are you disappointed that it is me?" I needed to know, a bit of unusual vanity coming to the surface.

"NO!" she smiled; laughed that Annabel laugh, and lifted her glass in a toast.

My Long Island Iced Tea arrived and we chinked glasses together as I smiled back and absorbed the beautiful image of womanhood in front of me.

Well the next couple of hours seemed to pass in a relaxed manner as we enjoyed a fresh seafood dinner, a bottle of wine and each other's company discussing a wide range of subjects in the warm evening heat of Fiji. Eventually it was time to move as we were the last people in the small restaurant. As I walked Annabel back to her chalet she slipped her warm hand into mine willingly and that sensation of her touch garnered a reaction in my loins and rounded of my evening. We reached her chalet and I raised her hand to my mouth and gently kissed the back of her hand as I looked in her eyes. 
