 Author's Note: This story contains themes of infidelity (kinda), reluctance, lesbian sex, and voyeurism. Reader discretion is advised. 

All characters are above the age of 18. Do forgive any spelling/grammar errors I might have missed. 

Enjoy.

*** 

If I had to make a list of all the things I might expect to see in the JFK airport waiting area, an Instagram model doing a full-blown yoga routine wouldn't even make it in to my top twenty, and, judging from the stares she was receiving, I wasn't alone. 

The Instagram model in question was my girlfriend, Kat, and she appeared to be too focused on her 'downward-facing dog' to notice the effect her prominently displayed ass was having on the rest of the airport, but even if she had noticed, I doubt she would have cared. After all, she had over two hundred thousand followers that did nothing but salivate over her appearance daily; having people lust after her body was normal, and she wasn't shy about showing off all the hard work she put into it.

She was a blonde with shoulder length hair and a slim physique, but the yoga pants and skintight tank-top she was wearing did an excellent job of highlighting her every curve as she did her routine. I couldn't really blame people for staring; her modest but respectable breasts, her donkey-kicked-to-perfection butt, and her well-toned 'everything else' provided a nice distraction from the boredom as they waited for the plane to start boarding. I was about to join them when Kat suddenly spoke to me.

"Babe, could you go get me a protein bar from that place we passed earlier?", she said as she restarted her routine.

I winced. We'd been walking around a lot today, doing some last minute prep for the flight, and I hadn't exactly chosen the best footwear. My feet were killing me, and I feared my toes would start a mutiny if I took any unnecessary steps, so I tried to weasel my way out of her request.

"Come on, don't make me move," I said in a fake whine that wasn't really fake, "I just got comfortable. Besides, you're already standing; why do you want me to do it?"

"Because I know your feet hurt and I want to torture you," she said with an impish grin on her face.

"Bitch."

She let out a laugh. "Come on, just do it. It's, like, a thirteen hour flight to Dubai, right? The movement will be good for you." She changed poses and added, "As a matter of fact, you should probably get over here and join me."

Fattest chance in hell of that happening, I thought to myself, and although I appreciated her concern for my health, I still wanted nothing more than to sit on my ass while I stared at hers. However, Kat was a stubborn girl and she wasn't likely to change her mind about the protein bar now that she'd brought it up. Fortunately for me though, I knew her weakness.

I pulled my suitcase in front of me, propped my elbow up on it with my hand sticking straight up in the air, and said the magic words: "Arm wrestle ya for it."

I'd been dating Kat for nearly three years, ever since freshman year of college, and if there was one thing that I'd learned about her in all that time, it was that she's competitive to a fault. She never runs from a challenge, and her pride prevents her from going back on her word if she loses. It's something that I'd always respected about her, even if I sometimes used it to my advantage.

Kat eyed my arm dubiously from her 'front bend' pose. "Make it a thumb war and you're on."

Shit, I thought. I should have known better. Sure, Kat works out, but she focuses on toning and flexibility, not strength. She's well aware of the difference in strength between us and wouldn't fall for such an obvious trap.

"Fine, thumb war it is," I said in resignation.

"And give me a handicap," she said as she came over to me, "you have to pin me for five seconds for a win, and I have to pin you for three."

"Fine, fine," I said, not feeling so clever anymore.

We each took hold of one another's hand in the thumb war position.

"Best two out of three," she said, "loser gets the protein bar. Ready?"

"Ready," I replied as I prepared to fight for the honor of my aching feet.

Together we recited the ritual like a couple of full grown children:

"One, two, three, four. I declare thumb war."

"Five, six, seven, eight. Better keep your thumb straight."

As soon as we finished the chant, Kat tried to get an easy win by quickly pulling my hand towards her to disorient me and then attempted to pin my thumb down.

"Cheater!" I hissed as I pulled our hands back to the starting position while skillfully dodging her attacking thumb. 

"All's fair in love and war!" she shot back with a big grin on her face. After a few more seconds of twisting and pulling from Kat, I managed to fake her out and pin her.

"One, two, three, four, five. That's one win for me!" I said, glad to have won in spite of her dirty tricks.

"Shit," she grumbled. "Come on, let's go again."

We started the second round and Kat went right back to using her under-handed tactics to try and pull out a win. We were both cursing and taunting one another playfully when I heard the sound of laughter coming from somewhere behind me and turned my head reflexively to find the source. As soon as I did so, I found myself staring into the strikingly blue eyes of a black woman seated a few rows away from us. She was covering her mouth with her hand as she watched our match as if she were trying to stop herself from laughing again.

The surprising image of a black woman with blue eyes distracted me just long enough for Kat to pin my thumb down and get a three count.

"One! Two! Three! Yes! I beat you!" she cheered, causing the people seated nearby to give her funny looks while the black woman started laughing again.

"Yea, yea, whatever. Come on, final round," I said, pushing distractions from my mind and, quite literally, focusing on the battle at hand. 

We began the third round and, this time, I joined Kat in her dirty play, twisting and pulling her hand as I tried to get a hold of her dancing thumb. However, sinking to her level only resulted in her sinking even lower, blowing air in my face and trying to block my view of our hands with her body; She even tried to bite me at one point.

We were laughing like a couple of idiots the entire time and I heard a few other people in the waiting area laughing as well, including the black woman behind us. I'd almost forgotten the purpose of our little game when Kat, in the middle of another illegal maneuver, accidentally stepped on my toe causing me to wince a little at the sudden sharp pain.

Right, I thought, I need to put an end to this.

I put my free arm around Kat's waist and pulled her into my lap, holding her firmly in place to stop her shenanigans.

"Cheater," she hissed.

"All's fair in love and war," I shot back, echoing her earlier taunt.

She continued to squirm as I held her, and I was momentarily distracted by the pleasant sensation of her soft butt as it rubbed against my crotch. Not distracted enough, however, to miss her mistake when she overextended herself trying to pin me. I quickly capitalized and pinned her thumb down tightly, causing her to growl in frustration.

"One! Two! Three! Four! Five!" I counted triumphantly. "And that's the game!"

I raised both hands in the air like a championship boxer celebrating his victory while Kat continued to sit hunched over in my lap, staring at me with a sullen look on her face.

"Yea, whatever," she pouted. "Congratulations. Be right back." Then she stood up, intentionally stepping on one of my feet as she did so.

"Ow! Sore loser!" I yelled after her as she left and rubbing my sore foot. 

Kat only stuck her tongue out at me in response as she went to get her protein bar. I noticed several people staring at her ass as she left the waiting area but the black woman who'd been laughing at our behavior stood out to me. She gave Kat such a long, hard look that I wondered if she was doing more than just admiring her physique. She noticed me looking at her and inclined her head with a smile, then she busied herself with her phone and I turned back around.

I found myself growing curious about the woman though, so I turned sideways in my seat so that I could look at her without being too obvious about it. Peering at her out of the corner of my eye, I got a good look at the strange woman.

She was very dark skinned with a pixie haircut and exotic features; she was clearly mixed with something, but I couldn't tell what. She was wearing a one piece pantsuit and—

Holy shit! I thought as I turned my head to get a better look at her, What the hell is she doing wearing that in public?

I hadn't noticed it before with the quick glances I'd given her, but her pantsuit had a plunging neckline that left the sides of her breasts completely visible to anyone brazen enough to take a look. I was about to turn away to avoid being caught ogling the woman when I noticed, a little too late, that she had stopped looking at her phone and was staring directly at me.

Feeling pinned in place by her unblinking blue gaze, I just stared back, waiting to see how she was going to react to catching me perving on her. I didn't expect what came next. Without breaking eye contact, the woman brought her free hand up to the collar of her pantsuit and hooked it with a finger. Then, she slowly began to drag her finger downward along the collar, gradually revealing more of her breast in the process.

I felt my heart begin to race at the absurdity of the situation. What the hell is this crazy bitch doing, I thought, my eyes shifting back and forth between her bewitching blue stare and the increasingly more visible swell of her breast. Her lips curled into a lascivious grin as her finger slid further and further down her collar; her bare breast was just centimeters away from being exposed for all to see when Kat returned from her protein run and brought the woman's exhibitionist display to an abrupt halt.

"Did you miss me?" she asked in a bubbly voice when she reached me.

"Uh, y-yea... sure," I said distractedly as I shot a quick glance at the woman, but she had gone back to looking at her phone, and her cleavage had returned to being only moderately outrageous.

"Wow, I'm really feeling the love, man," she said with thick sarcasm.

"Huh?" I said looking back at her, and then panicked when I realized she'd been watching me look at the woman, "Oh, no, Babe, I was just—"

"It's okay, it's okay. Calm down," she said as if she were trying to talk a man off of a ledge. "Hell, I was looking at her, too. I mean, when was the last time you saw a black woman with blue eyes? Are those contacts or something?"

"I have no idea," I said, grateful that I hadn't pissed her off.

"Well, whatever. I'm gonna stretch some more before we start boarding," she took her starting position on the yoga mat. "You sure you don't want to join me?" she asked with a grin.

"Leave me and my feet in peace, woman," I said, drawing a laugh from her as she began her routine once again.

A few minutes later, I looked over at the black woman again and found that she was staring directly at Kat, watching her do her yoga routine. She noticed me looking at her and our eyes met for a moment, then she went back to looking at Kat; her blue eyes drifting all over her body before she looked at me again and held my gaze as if she were trying to will her thoughts into my mind.

"Yes, I'm checking out your girlfriend," her eyes seemed to say.

Just then, a stewardess, an Asian looking woman, came over to her and whispered something in her ear. The black woman nodded, rose from her seat, and boarded the plane with the stewardess following in tow.

About ten minutes later, the announcement was made that first class passengers were to begin boarding the plane. Kat and I quickly collected our belongings and began our long journey to Dubai.

******

It was an hour after take off and Kat and I were still amazed by the experience of being on a first class flight. And not just any first class flight, but a 'Queen Air' first class flight; the most luxurious airline in the world. 

We were on the second floor of a double-deck aircraft lined on each side with booths with sliding doors that could be closed for added privacy. Each booth had a big screen T.V., a couch that doubled as a queen size bed, Wi-Fi, and five-star restaurant quality catering at the push of a button. 

If there were any justice in the world, a pair of poor college students like us would have been listening to crying babies in coach where we belonged, but we got lucky when I entered a draw for a five night, all expenses paid trip for two to Dubai. The only thing left for us to do was sit back and enjoy the ride.

Kat was busy drooling over the menu while I channel surfed for the fun of it when we heard a knock at the door.

"Did you order something," I asked Kat, but she just shook her head and shrugged.

There was a second, more insistent knock at the door, and we both looked at each other with puzzled looks on our faces.

"Come in," Kat said, and the door slid open.

A stewardess stepped into our booth and I immediately recognized her as the woman who had spoken to the black woman in the waiting area before the flight. She was a petite but attractive woman with a round face and almond-shaped eyes. She bowed as she spoke to us. 

"Good afternoon. Sorry for the intrusion, but I have a message for you from one of the other passengers," the woman produced two small white envelopes that seemed to be filled to bursting and handed one to each of us. "Please, open them."

Kat looked at me with a cocked eyebrow but I just shrugged in return and began to open the envelope. It couldn't hurt to take a look insi—

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed as I revealed the contents. 

Sitting in the envelope was a stack of crisp one hundred dollar bills. I began to thumb through them when the stewardess interrupted me, divining my intentions.

"Ten thousand dollars," she said, then extended a hand toward Kat's still unopened envelope and added, "Each."

Kat, who had been staring at my envelope in shock, opened hers at the stewardess' words and gasped as she found another stack of one hundred dollar bills.

"W-w-why?" I stammered at the woman. "W-what is this for? Is this part of the prize we won?"

"No, sir," she replied patiently. "As I said, this is a message, an invitation actually, from one of the other passengers; ten thousand dollars each for a moment of your time. A generous offer don't you think?" 

Kat and I looked at each other again, both of us struggling to keep up with this sudden development. When the silence dragged on too long, the stewardess spoke again.

"Should I take thais as a refusal?" she asked kindly.

"Uh, no, well...," Kat fumbled and then looked to me for my input.

"Why not?" I shrugged. "It couldn't hurt to at least hear what they have to say, right?" I flipped through the money in the envelope and added, "Plus, there might be more of this."

Kat looked at her own envelope again as she thought about what I'd said. "Okay, fine," she said finally, "we'll go."

"Very good," said the stewardess, "please follow me. Oh, and please leave the money here. I have been instructed to personally ensure the safety of your belongings while you meet with Ms. Queen."

Kat and I shot each other a dubious look, but did as we were told and followed the woman out of the booth and down the long corridor. Shortly after we started walking, Kat looked back at me and whispered over her shoulder.

"A woman named Ms. Queen, handing out envelopes filled with cash on an airline called Queen Air? That can't be a coincidence. Looks like we're about to meet a big shot."

"Yea," I replied absentmindedly, and I already have an idea just who that big shot might be, I added silently.

We finally came to the end of the long corridor and found ourselves in front of a large mechanical looking door with an intercom to the side of it. The stewardess pushed the button on the intercom and spoke. 

"Ms. Queen, I have the passengers you requested"

"Very good, Alina," came a very British accent in response. "Please show them in. Oh, and do make sure that we're not disturbed."

"Yes, Ms. Queen," the stewardess released the button on the intercom and swiped a key-card in front of it. As the door slowly began to open, she turned to us and bowed, and then promptly made her way back down the long corridor.

"Are you feeling nervous?" Kat said, "Because I'm feeling nervous."

"Chicken-shit," I jeered playfully, although I was feeling much the same as she.

Kat punched me in the shoulder as the door finally opened completely and we made our way into the room.

The first thing I noticed as I entered the suite was the large king size bed up against the wall to my left, and the row of full length windows behind it showing the clouds as they passed by. The right side of the suite held the only other pieces of furniture; two loveseats sat facing each other with a low table between them, and on one of those loveseats sat the blue-eyed black woman from the waiting area.

She rose when our eyes met and came over to greet us. "Good afternoon, I'm happy that you decided to take me up on my offer," she came to halt in front of us and extended her hand to me. "My name is Derica, Derica Queen. And you are?"

"Micheal Lann," I said as she gave me gentle handshake, making sure to look her right in the eye so that I wouldn't be tempted to look lower. But the small smirk on her face as she shook my hand gave me the impression that she knew exactly what I was doing.

"Katarina Spencer," said Kat, shaking Derica's hand as well.

"Lovely. Now that we've introduced ourselves, please have a seat, and we can get down to business," she said as she gestured towards the loveseat opposite to her own.

After we'd all seated ourselves, Kat spoke up, her voice betraying nothing of her previous nervousness, "Excuse me, Ms. Queen. Do you mind if I ask you a question?"

"Please, love. No need to be so formal, Derica is just fine," Derica replied smoothly.

"Okay then, Derica, you said that your last name was Queen. Does that mean you're related to the CEO of Queen Industries? That Maxwell Queen guy?"

Kat only barely beat me to asking that very same question. Queen Industries was a multi-trillion dollar company; if we were talking to one of their representatives then that would explain why she was so casually throwing money around.

Derica smiled, "No, I'm not related to him; he's just one of my employees. In fact, Queen isn't even his real last name."

"Wait, what?" Kat said, sounding incredulous. "You're saying the CEO works for you? And what do you mean his last name isn't Queen?"

Derica chuckled, "Come on, love. Put it all together." she said patiently.

Kat just frowned, but I immediately knew what Derica was trying to say; "You're the CEO," I said, unable to hide the shock in my voice.

Derica smiled broadly, "Pleasure to make your acquaintance."

But Kat protested, "Wait, if you're the CEO then why aren't you the one all over T.V. giving interviews and stuff?"

"Simple," Derica said, "I like my privacy, and delegating the more public side of the company to Maxwell affords me that privacy; he gets the fame, I get the fortune. It's a wonderful arrangement."

I saw Derica's eyes drift over Kat's body for a moment, "Speaking of arrangements, I'm sure you're both wondering why I wanted to speak with you."

When Kat and I nodded in unison, Derica adjusted herself in her seat and turned to Kat. "Well Katarina, to put it bluntly, I find you very attractive and I would like to have sex with you," then turning to me she added, "And I want you to watch, Micheal." 
