 SEPT. 2003) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

Jeffery Kilmer was an ordinary guy, he had graduated from Goodwin High School as “The Most Likely to Succeed” and had followed through on that prediction. At 37 years old, he had taken an old run-down building, spent a few dollars, and furnished it with meager office supplies to start a Public Relations Company. The company took a little time to build up, but now Jeffery had a staff of three hundred, and he was moving his entire operation to a newly constructed building. His mind has been on nothing else since he decided to make this move .

Violet Kilmer met Jeffery when she was twenty-three and Jeffery was twenty-seven. The first time they met was in a little Italian Restaurant, called “La Scala’s.” Violet was sitting nervously at a table, awaiting her first blind-date. Dressed in a beautiful off the shoulder summer dress with spaghetti straps which accentuated the top portions of her breasts. Her flaming red hair, normally worn straight down the middle of her back was now encased in a ponytail.

Violet’s date was set up by her best friend Melinda, and she was told that his name was William and he would be wearing a rose in the lapel of his suit jacket. They were supposed to meet at 7PM, and the time was nearing 8PM. “He’s not going to show, I should order something and then leave, no sense in not eating, I’m starved,” she thought to herself. She called a waiter to the table, had her drink refurbished and ordered some food.

Half way through her meal, she observed a man walk into the restaurant. He was extremely well dressed. His jet black hair neatly combed, shoes polished and he looked to be her age. The man was escorted to the table next to hers. He sat facing her and Violet smiled at him, then continued her meal. She then heard a voice say to her, “That looks good, what is it?”

When Violet looked in his direction, he again said, “Your meal, it looks good, may I ask what it is?”

Taking her napkin, she wiped her lips and said, “It’s a Spinach Lasagne, with just a little Italian Sausage in it. Yes! It is good.”

“Thank you! , You’ve just help me decide what to order. May I have the waiter pour you another glass of wine? By the way, my name is Jeffery..Jeffery Kilmer,” he said.

“Violet. Violet Andrews, and I’d love another glass, thank you,” Violet said.

Jeffery ordered her another glass of wine and his meal when the waiter came back to the table. He then started a conversation with Violet until his food arrived. Tasting the meal placed in front of him, he then told her that it was delicious and then invited her to his table to finish her meal, with him.

Violet thought to herself, “Why not, he looks like a nice guy .” She rose to her feet and a waiter just passing by assisted her in moving. Once seated, she said, “Thank you for inviting me, I don’t like eating alone.”

The conversation led to her telling him about the blind-date as to the reason for her being alone. He told her that he had been working in his office and lost track of time, closed up and found this little place.

“I’m glad I did. Otherwise, I may have never met you,” Jeffery said.

Violet blushed at his statement. Her emerald green eye’s sparkled, as she lifted her hand to her face to cover her embarassement. Jeffery laughed at her reaction and said, “When you blush, you highlight the freckles on your face.”

Neither realized the time going by as they were engrossed in talking to each other, until a waiter came to the table and handed each of them a check and said, “We’ll be closing in twenty minutes.”

Jeffery looked at his watch. It was close to midnight. “My goodness, the time certainly has flow by. I guess the pleasure of your company has taken complete control of me, may I offer you a ride home?”, he asked as he took her bill and added to his, giving both to the waiter along with his credit card.

“Well I did take a taxi here, so yes, I’d love for you to drive me home,” Violet said.

Walking out of the restaurant, he placed a hand on her waist and guided her to a black limousine. Violet gasped at the sight, she’d never ridden in a limo before. The driver held the door open for her as she entered and Jeffery followed. Jeffery asked for and received her address and he then let the driver know where to go. He poured her another glass of wine and one for him. 

The ride home was as mesmerizing to Violet as was the evening at the restaurant. Upon reaching her address, once the limo door was opened, Jeffery escorted her to her door, and asked if he could see her again.

“Certainly, I have had a wonderful time tonight. I cannot remember any time I was treated like such a lady,” Violet said.

Jeffery obtained her phone number and he gave his to her, kissed her on the cheek and waited until she was inside and the door had locked behind her, before he returned to the limo.

Jeffery saw Violet no less than three times a week. Their time together had her head spinning. After ten months, Jeffery bought her a three-carat diamond engagement ring and asked her to marry him, on the way home from a date. Violet immediately said yes. 

For the last nine years, they’ve settled down into a “normal” routine. Jeffery worked long hours, but when he was home, it was just the two of them. After years of trying to have children, Violet found out that she would never be able to get pregnant. It was a hard time for both of them, but as usual they learned to live with it.

Tonight, Violet had planned a quiet “celebration,” as Jeffery was turning thirty-seven and had told her he just wanted a quiet night with her. She had been shopping most of the day and bought what she thought was the; most beautiful lingerie she ever saw. It was a black sexy lace sleepshirt with tapered sleeves and hook and eye closures down the front and it had a matching thong.

At thirty-three years of age, she had been able to retain her figure. At 5'5", she still weighed in at 103 pounds. Her beasts were still firm and round, a healthy 34C, tipped with nipples that Jeffery loved to suckle. Looking in the full length mirror as she tried on the lingerie, she liked how her ass looked. The twin globes of her butt were perfectly shaped. Jeffery was due home shortly, and she wanted to see his reaction to her

Jeffery was in his office, and he had to interview a new employee before going home for the evening. As he was going over the paperwork on his desk; his secretary buzzed him to let him know the new employee was waiting. “Let her in, and when she leaves, I’ll be going home myself, so you can go home if you want to.”

His office door opened, and Jeffery didn’t bother looking up until he finished reading the papers in his hand. When he did, Jillian Norad was sitting in a chair in front of his desk. 

Jillian was desperate for a job, her rent was two months past due as most of her bills were also. She knew she had to make a good impression and if the interview started going south on her, then she had plans to put things back in her favor.

The outfit she wore consisted of a white, pull over cotton blouse, cut low, with three-quarter length sleeves, a red skirt that showed off plenty of thighs. She wore a necklace of the “Playboy” bunny which hung right in her well-exposed cleavage. Her long flowing blonde hair hung down to her waist when she stood. As she sat, her hair almost touched the floor.

Jeffery put the papers down and looked at the woman he was about to interview. His eyes nearly fell out of his head, as he stood behind his desk and said, “Jill! Is that you? I can remember you as a cheerleader in High School, but you haven’t changed very much.”

Jillian looked at him and couldn’t place him, “I’m sorry! I don’t recall you,” she said.

“I don’t see why you would, I was pretty much one of the school nerds, but I do remember you.”

Jillian may have been a blonde, but she was far from dumb. She knew if she could keep his attention on her body; she’d have this job. Moving her purse from her lap, she leaned forward to place it on the floor, giving Jeffery a good look at her breasts. She remained in this position pretending to look for something in her purse. When she sat back, she crossed her legs letting him get a quick look at what she could offer him.

Jeffery wasn’t lost, he looked at her breasts while she shuffled through her purse and between her legs as she crossed them. His reaction was that of a typical male, alone with a beautiful woman, he got an erection.

During the course of the interview, Jillian crossed and uncrossed her legs a number of times. She liked the reaction and her pussy was starting to get wet. Jeffery’s hand was not idle, he massaged the hard cock in his pants as he talked.

Jillian noticed that his hand was staying under the desk and figured out what he was doing. She was going to take a chance, she wanted this job and was going to do anything to get it.

Jillian stood up and started walking alongside of his desk saying, “You don’t have to do that, let me take care of that,” as she turned his chair to face her. Her hand went straight to his cock and rubbed it through his pants.

Jeffery had to have some relief, his cock was so hard, that he just let her do what she wanted. Jillian lowered herself to her knees between his legs. She unbuckles his belt and pulls if from around his waist and drops it on the floor. Releasing te catch, she unzips his pants. She grabbed a hold of his waistband and his boxer’s ad he raised his hip, as she slid the clothing to his feet.

Jeffery’s cock was standing out, aching for satisfaction. Jillian wrapped her fingers around his manhood and slowly her hand rose and fell, along his shaft. Jillian stared into his eye’s as she lowered her head to the crown of his cock. Her tongue lapped around the mushroom head and tantalized him. Licking the fluid at the slit, she took in his flavor.

Jillian started to take more of his seven-inch dick into her mouth. With each bounce of her head, she took in more until she reached the base of his shaft. Her thumb and forefinger encircling him, her hand following the motion of her head.

Jeffery felt Jillian take in his whole cock. The head sticking down her throat each time her head hits his abdomen. “Suck it woman, suck my cock,” he said.

Jillian liked being told to do nasty things, her empty hand flew to the crotch of her panties and she slid them aside and shoved a finger into her pussy. Her love tunnel was so wet, she slid a second finger in, as she continued to engulf Jeffery’s stiff rod.

Removing her mouth from his shaft, saliva dripped from her mouth onto him, as she licked from the bottom of his cock and around the base of the head and back down again. She took him back in her mouth and she heard his gasp, as his dick once again was in the warmth of her mouth. 

Jillian’s fingers were close to bringing her to an orgasm, as she moved her thumb to catch her clit. She hit that little button and small shivers flew through her. 

Jeffery felt the rise of cum from his balls, plummeting up his shaft and into Jillian’s mouth. Grabbing a hold of the back of her head, he held her on his shaft as he unloaded all of his semen into her.

Jillian felt his hand on her head and readied herself for his explosion. Taking his shaft into her throat, she swallowed all that he gave her. Her fingers making her shudder with a release of her own. Between her body tingling with her ejaculation and fighting off biting his cock, she had to release him, in fear of causing damage to his dick.

Jeffery’s head was thrown back on the chair as he calmed down from that earth shattering orgasm. Reaching into a drawer he brought out a box of tissue and handed it to her. Jillian wiped her lips, adjusted her panties and then stood, going back to her chair on the other side of the desk.

Jeffery commenced putting himself back together as he continued the “interview,” he told Jillian that he would approve her application for the job, but also added that he would like to see her sometime.

She agreed to his request and told him all he had to do let her know in advance, because she wanted to make sure everything was all right when he arrived.

Jillian walked out of his office with a new job, smiling to herself that she was lucky enough to find “an old friend.”

Violet looked at her watch again, twenty minutes late and he promised he’d be here on time, where is he? She heard the sound of his car pull into their driveway, peeked out the window to make sure he was alone, then stood near the door so he’d see her first.

Violet’s pussy was throbbing with anticipation, as she stood there waiting on Jeffery. Her nipples poking the lacy material, she had not felt this much sexual tension in her body in a while, and it felt good.

Jeffery opened the door and stepped into his house. Before him stood his wife, dressed in enticing lingerie, her hair still a brilliant red, hanging to her waist, her make-up was flawless. Her breasts loosely hidden behind the material. The front of her thong softly encasing her mound. His mouth opened to say something, but nothing came out.

“HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETHEART! Do you like your present? I had to find just the right wrapping for it too,” she said, as she held her arms open for him.

Jeffery went to her arms and wrapped his around her waist and kissed her. Her body melts into his as they stood in the living room. She whispered in his ear, “Honey, I love you so very much.”

“And I love you too darling. You look so beautiful. Had I know you were going to be dressed like this, I would have been home hours ago,” he said.

“Aw, but your going to have to wait to unwrap your gift, because I’ve cooked a big supper for you and after supper, you can play with your gift,” she said.

All through the meal, Jeffery stared at his lovely wife. “Why the hell did I do that this afternoon, and today of all days! Look at her she’s a vision of loveliness, she keeps doing things to show of her breasts,” he thought to himself.

Finishing his meal, Jeffery stood and walked over to his wife and kissed her. Getting behind her chair, he put his arms around her and placed small kisses on her neck. His hands encompassed her breasts through the lacy material and felt her hard nipples.

Violet leaned back in her chair and enjoyed having her husband play with her tits. She wanted to masturbate when she put the outfit on, and saw how she looked in the mirror. To her eyes she had not changed all that much and it excited her to know what her husbands’ reaction was going to be. The sensation of his hands twisting her nipples brought her back and she sighed with the small tingles flowing to her pussy.

Jeffery stood her up and he walked her into the living room, and sat her on the couch. Bringing her feet up, she lay prone on the sofa, while she watched her husband remove his shirt and toss it on the floor.

Getting to his knees, he again kissed his wife. His tongue entering her mouth, sliding across her teeth. Violet inhaled deeply, sucking in his tongue. Their tongues sending chills to both of their bodies, as they danced to an unheard song.

Jeffery again ran his right hand to her breasts and he palmed her tit. Moving his hand to feel her entire globe, with the hard protuberance at the tip. Slowly he made his way under the material from her waist and held her flesh. Her breasts were still firm and round, he loved to play with and suckle on them.

Jeffery brought his head down to her chest and softly kissed her all over, while his hand worked to open the closures of her outfit. Once open, he uncovered her right breast and placed his mouth over it. His tongue flickering at her nipple, making it harder, if that was possible.

“OH Jeffery! You know I love it when you suck on my tits,” Violet whispered, as her hands held his head to her chest.

Jeffery uncovered her left breast as he held that one in his other hand. He didn’t talk, or whisper the only sound coming from him was the slight noise of his suckling.

Violet’s nipples were so sensitive. She could orgasm by just playing with her tits. She had learned that as a teenager and would often spend her nights having orgasm after orgasm before falling asleep for the night. It helped when Jeffery was working late and she went to bed alone, or if Jeffery was in a deep sleep, lying right next to her.

Jeffery’s hand went down her stomach to her abdomen and then on top of her pantied-covered crotch. He brought his hand down until he almost cupped her ass, then up again, feeling how wet she was through her panties. Sliding the thin piece of cloth aside, he felt her bare pussy. 

Violet’s hips raised from the sofa, as he held her pussy in his hand. “My God Jeffery! I’m going to cum,” she said.

Jeffery inserted a finger into her warm moist tunnel, as she climaxed for the first time tonight. Her juices rushed over his fingers and onto the sofa as she bucked and twisted.



Violet shut her eyes and allowed her body to take its course. Again her hips came off the couch as her body turned at the waist and she reached Nirvana. 

“GOD! MY GOD! I’M CUMING,” she screamed.

Jeffery’s fingers were soaked with her juices. He removed his hand and brought it to his mouth and sucked her fluids from it. 

Violet watched him, then rose from the couch and went to Jeffery’s pants. As he was one his knees, she pushed him to his back and pulled his pants and briefs to his knees. Not wanting to wait, she straddled him, moved her thong to the side and lowered herself onto him.

Jeffery’s cock was just what she needed. It felt so big in her pussy. His dick slid in so easily as she started to rotate her hips on him.

“I love your cock in me,” Violet said.

Jeffery felt his cock slide into Violet. His cockhead spreading her as he went deeper and deeper. Finally, his dick was seated in her love tunnel. Her crotch pressing on his, as they commenced the gyrations that would bring both of them to a furious climax.

Jeffery watched Violet’s breast as the bounced with every move she made. The sweat building on both of them. Jeffery reached out and engulfed each tit, as her head rolled in ecstacy. His cock pounding into her as she bounced in his lap to keep the rhythm of their lovemaking.

Jeffery put his arms around her waist and sat up, and rolled Violet to her back, while he remained inside of her. Again, pumping himself in and out of her, feeling her pussy juice all over his jack-hammering dick.

Violet, surprised at his switch in positions, maintained total contact as he laid her on back. She immediately began raising her hips to him and shoving his cock into her. 

Hearts beating wildly, her body soaking the carpet with sweat as his sweat dripped from his chin to her breasts. Lowering his head he encased her nipple in his mouth and sucked it hard. He knew her breasts were sensitive and she would be climaxing soon.

Violet squeezed her eyes closed in the throes of her passion as he nipped and sucked her nipple. Her pussy ready to explode in an orgasmic eruption.

“Fuck me, fuck me hard, I wanna cum,” Violet panted.

Jeffery too was ready to fire his cum into her, as he plunged faster and faster into her juicy pussy. Jeffery felt his cum surge through his cock and stream into Violet.

“Fuck honey, I’m cuming,” Jeffery said.

Violet assailed the cock in her cunt as she too felt his juices splattering her tunnel. In that instant she to had her climax as her body stiffened and every nerve in her body tingled. A wave of heated delight overcame her body.

“YESSSSSSSSS, oh fuck YESSSSSSSSS,” Violet screamed.

Jeffery rolled of off his wife and they lay on the carpet together, regaining a somewhat normal breathing pattern. Neither knew how long they were lying there, neither cared.

Violet was the first to get to her feet, and she helped her husband stand, as they walked to the bedroom for the rest of the night.
