 Chapter 2: Doc Roberts 

An open window revealed a cool, still night with just a hint of deep blue on the horizon. The chirping of crickets and toads broke the silence, yet lulled with hypnotic rhythm. Cool air slowly descended into the bedroom of one Beatrice Annabelle Gehrt bringing gentle relief from the dry, wheat field heat of one more Kansas summer day come to a close. Nothing was cool, however, in Bea's bed.

Bea, the eldest of four farmer's daughters, blessed with pale, creamy skin, golden locks of hair, and a bosom to make even Doc Roberts blush, (oh but he was never in his usual hurry when Bea was the patient, never indeed), lay perspiring in her night blouse, head shifting to and fro, eyes shut tight, legs apart, lower lip in the grip of perfect teeth. Her fingers attempted in vain to bring an encore to her first sexual experience of her life. A real, live, terrifying...exciting...Indian brave actually kissed her private girl area. French kissed, in fact, or something very close to it, after sneaking up on her afternoon bath in the barn. 

The kissing...the burning fire of her nether...the aching of her breasts...the overwhelming explosion of senses when she...when she...when she just exploded all over his face. His oily, sunburned, savage mouth lapped up her spilled nectar. That's it...feel his tongue flicking up and down...pushing on her swollen pink clit...

Bea gasped in bed, her writhing body shaking as her young pussy came for the second time that day, soaking her sheets, making her hand slick with her own hot juices. Sleep at last.

The next morning, young, buxom Bea, eldest daughter of two hard-working, prairie farmer parents became scared. Her abdomen hurt and head ached like it usually did for a few days each month, but, unlike every other month, she'd just been touched by an Indian savage. Not just touched...tasted...penetrated. This made her very nervous. She'd seen Papa breeding his horses and watched, mesmerized, as the stallion's big horse cock drove into the mare's tail again and again. Then, come Spring, a little foal was born. Did that Indian make a baby inside me? 

Bea's mom knocked on her bedroom door.

"Come in."

"Beatrice Annabelle Gehrt, what on God's earth are you still doing in bed? And my heavens, but you look positively feverish!" Mrs. Gerht walked over and sat on the edge of the bed, placing the back of her hand to Bea's forehead. "You're all sweaty. I'm going to ask Charlie, (the traveling milk & bread merchant), to ask Doc Roberts to come over here and see to your condition."

With that, Bea's mom went back downstairs and brought back up some eggs and fruit to eat. Bea wanted to tell her mom what happened, so bad, but she didn't want anything bad to happened to that young, muscular Indian, with those wild eyes, and long black hair. Maybe Doc Roberts will make me feel better.

Doc Roberts finally arrived at the house, shortly after lunch time. Bea, who hadn't left her room all morning except to pee, could hear hot tea being served downstairs and Doc Roberts asking what he was there for and what could he do to help. When her Mom mentioned her name, the Doc drank his tea quickly, and hurriedly sought out Bea's bedroom.

Before he climbed the stairs, with one foot on, he turned his head back to Bea's mom, "Mrs. Gehrt, I may be awhile examining your daughter. There's definitely a bug going around town but I'll want to be thorough, and ask for privacy for your daughter's sake. Perhaps you could keep the water hot so I can tell you what I discover over some more of your delicious tea."

The clunk of boots, surprisingly ginger, rose up the stair and then stepped up to Bea's door. From through the door, "Bea, dear, it's the good doctor calling. Your mom asked me to pay a visit." Without asking, Doc Roberts turned the knob, entered, and closed the door behind him. His black doctor's bag hit the floor next to her bed with a thud. He removed his over coat, that he wore all the time no matter how hot the day was, and threw it down on her writing desk by the window. Dragging her desk chair behind him, he came back over to her bedside and sat down on the chair. Rubbing his hands together, he stooped and reached into his doctor's bag, and then put a stethoscope around his neck, now looking quite doctorly. 

Bea noticed his eyes and his mouth. His eyes had a glint of excitement in them, much like her younger sisters on Christmas morning. Also, his tongue was licking his lips, almost nervously, again and again. Bea felt so uncomfortable.

"Now what seems to be the problem." Before Bea can answer, he follows with, "It sure ain't your looks. Hee hee hee." Something he's been teasing her with ever since her body started blossoming and she started her monthly period. He pulled the covers down from her neck and laid them to rest over her abdomen, exposing her large breasts and navel. Bea, embarrassed, turned her head away from his face, not wanting to watch his eyes dirty her under their stare. She cursed her nipples, which slowly grew stiff, the pink nubs, sprouting outward in full view of the Doc's staring eyes. She tried to concentrate on a bird, chirping away on the tree outside her window, as the doc used the stethoscope on her.

It was cold, as it ever was, and he moved it very slowly, lingering on the pale, smooth skin of Bea's chest and stomach. When the backs of his fingers brushed against her hard nipples, her pussy flashed hot with wanting. All she could think about was that brave licking and licking down there.

She knew his stethoscope told him all he needed to know about her breathing, but as usual, since she's had them, he laid his head, ear down, onto her chest, right between her breasts and listened, or feigned listening. She felt his warm breath waft across her right nipple, the scruffy beard scratchy against her tender skin. She breathed deeply for him, as he instructed, and they both watched her breasts heave up and down, the pink nipple buds swaying slightly as they pointed outward.

At long last, he lifted his head from her and said, "You look very pale, my dear. Are you in pain? Are you scared about something?" Then, sniffing his nose a bit, "Ah, what is that scent?" Before she could answer, again, he picked up her nearest hand and sniffed, a look of confiding smugness on his face. He held her fingers up to his scruffy, bearded face, and surprised her by deeply inhaling the lingering scent on them.

Holding her hand in both of his, "You're growing up very fast. Very fast, indeed. Soon all the boys, and some of the men, even, will have their eyes on you. "

Doc Roberts was the very first, to be sure.

"My insides hurt, you know, from my period I think", stated Bea, pulling the covers back up over her boobs, embarrassed that her nipples hardened and itched while on display for this man. "And there's something else."

Bea told him what happened, the Indian and all, and at the end of the telling, noticed that his brow was sweating, and that his hand, deep in his trouser pocket, was moving back and forth inside. 

"So you see, Doc Roberts, I'm afraid that he made a baby inside of me!" Bea broke into tears at that moment, covering her face in her hands. "I don't know what to do!"

Doc Roberts stopped jerking himself inside his pocket, and laid both hands on Bea's shoulders, and kissed her forehead. "Everything is going to be alright. Just calm yourself, my little honey pot."

While Bea's sobs continued, the doc pulled the covers all the way off, fully exposing her. 

"Now sit up on the edge of the bed for me." Bea slowly got up and swung her legs off the side of the bed, now facing him, her long, blonde hair flowing down her shoulders and over her breasts, two pink nubs poking through the soft, fine hair. She crossed her legs, hiding her tuft of girl-fur, and crossed her arms over here breasts. A tear trailed over one cheek and she wiped her eyes with one hand, never leaving her arms from her chest. The doc stood up and leaned over her, and repositioned her pillows against the wall, behind her. She couldn't help but notice the large sausage-looking lump in his pants as he did. 

"Now, lean back, gently, and lay back against those pillows. She did, continuing to clutch her bosom. "Now then, I'm going to ask you to uncross those lovely legs of yours, so the good doctor can get a good look at where that Injun' soiled...erra...touched you. Bea reluctantly uncrossed her legs, doing it very slowly, not realizing in her innocence that it only served to grow the doc's lump in his pants. "Spread your legs, far apart, with your knees up. That's it. Mmmm."

Her eyes closed, Bea felt the doc lean both of his elbows down on the bed, between her legs, and then move his face very close to her warm muff. She was extra embarrassed because she knew it must very, very wet down there.

She felt his fingers spread her pussy lips open...felt his breath on the tight bud of her ass hole as he peered inside. "Uh huh...hmm." A solitary finger slid just inside her. They both heard the squish sound of her wet pussy hole being penetrated. Bea's breathing became quick, and audible. 

It feels so good... thought the buxom blonde damsel.

The doctor positioned his middle finger in front of her young hole. Spreading her open with his other hand, he watched her virginal juices leak out and breathed in her armoma. Pushing, gently, it took some force to push his finger past her hymen and finally enter the warm, pink insides of her pussy. She was squeezing him very tightly. He could feel her pussy pulsing around the whole length of his finger, the heat making sweat form on his brow, and make the lump in his pants almost unbearable. Her tiny clitoris swelled up and pushed from under its hood as he moved his finger around inside her young, sopping wet vagina. He watched, fascinated that she was reacting so strongly to his touch. A horny one, this young girl. 

Not feeling anything unusual inside her, he decided to be a little naughty and so gently moved his finger back and forth, to see what would happen.

"Does this hurt, what I'm doing?" asked the Doc, knowing full well it didn't.

Through a veil of husk in her voice, her face turned sideways, eyes shut, one hand playing with her hair, Bea whispered, "No." Her knees started moving out and in, in rhythm with the sliding of his finger in and out of her. Her breathing was rapid, and getting louder, though she clearly was trying to be as silent as possible. Her wet pussy, though, made little squishing sounds as Doc Roberts' finger did its little trick. 

"And this?" Doc Roberts asked as he used his thumb to massage her growing clit. It was slippery wet but he moved in a circular motion to give it constant, even pressure. Her back arched immediately, electrified. His finger, caught all the way deep inside her pussy, felt like it was in a vise as her pussy squeezed hard while he rubbed her clit. Bea's breathing was no longer quiet and her eyes were wide open, as was her mouth, looking at the Doc's face as he played with her pussy.

Then she came. 

"Wow!" was all the doctor said as his finger was squeezed tighter than ever as the girl's body shuddered on the bed, her knees coming together as she rolled onto her side, orgasming. He kept rubbing her clit, even on her side, watching her come, uncontrollably, as he fingered her. She rolled all the way over on her stomach, writhing on the bed sheets, hands gripping them tightly, one leg bent up high, giving him continued access. Her hair was tousled and wrapped across her face, some caught in her mouth.

Now on her stomach, he was staring right at her bottom, admiring the pale, pink butt hole staring back. He continued rubbing her clit, her body responding in spasms of jerking movements. His hand was soaked from her orgasmic secretions, making it glisten in the afternoon light from the window.

Finally, after some time, he stopped rubbing her clit, and slowly pulled his finger from her, strings of pussy come connecting his finger to her as he finally pulled completely out of her soaked cunny. Her panting slowed, and her back relaxed, straightening from the sexual arc moments ago.

"Is your pain gone?" asked the doc. No immediate reply followed, and the doc patiently waited for her to catch her breath.

Beatrice flipped onto her back and pulled her knees inward, to her chest, holding them there. Her face was flushed red as she bit her lower lip, her eyes smiling at him. Also seeming to smile at him were her exposed labia, gleaming with wetness.

"I...ah..." the doc stammered, speechless at the beauty of this young girl, naked in front of him, and at what he just did to her.

The doc couldn't take his mind off his cock. It was aching to be freed from being trapped inside his trousers. He nervously glanced at the door, wary of an intruder or the sound of footsteps. There were none. 

"What is it, doctor?"

"You're very tight...ehem...well, you don't appear to have actually had coitus. Your maiden head is still intact."

"Coitus?"

"Erra, making babies, my dear. You're sure that the Injun didn't put his...uh...thingie in you?"

"His prick? No, Doc Roberts, he sure didn't, but I really really wanted him to." Forgetting for a moment that this was her family physician and not a girl friend, Bea blushed even redder . Releasing her legs back to the bed, she moved her hands in front of her face, feeling absolute shame. She just couldn't help it, her pussy pulsed with an aching heat and she lusted for a cock to be in it.

"My young flower, if you don't mind, there's one more thing...treatment...I'd like to perform on you."

"What is it, doctor?" The word, doctor, lilted in a playful way.

Lying like a sonofabitch, the doc went on, "The pain you experienced, it may return, and it's known that man seed can help prevent it."

"Man-seed?" asked the young blonde, the look of a young doe pondering the history of the ages on her face.

Able to contain himself no longer, the doc unbuttoned his trousers and pulled his aching cock out into the cooler air of the bedroom, giving Beatrice a good, long look at it.

Bea cupped a hand over her mouth and gasped. "The Indian brave's was so much bigger." She began to giggle, eyes never leaving the head of his prick. 

Ignoring her slight, the doc continued talking as his cock quivered, sticking straight out of his trouser fly. "Man seed comes from this. I'm going to extract some from it and then put it deep inside you to ease your pain."

Bea bit her finger, trying to imagine this, but was too curious and too shy to say anything more.

"Now I want you to get on your hands and knees, and face the wall behind you. Put your shoulders down on the bed with your rear high in the air. Can you do this?"

Bea answered by doing exactly as the doctor asked, ever obedient. Her beautiful, virgin pussy opened slightly before him as she assumed her position. The outer lips, glistening with wetness, opened outward, like two wings of a butterfly, with the dark opening of her hole just visible.

The doc almost blew his load right there and then. His heart was racing so fast, he was completely drenched in sweat and his cock absolutely ached, wanting to come. He reached down into his doctor's bag, and pulled out a speculum. 

"You're going to feel some minor discomfort as I insert this into you, okay?"

Bea turned her head to look behind her and saw the elongated, wood object with a turn-screw in his hand. Oh please put it inside me, thought the young maiden.

She felt the tip of the thing swish around her outer lips a few rotations before dipping into her hole. It felt...fulfilling. 

The doc pushed the wood speculum into the young woman's vagina, halted every now and then when her pussy convulsed on it, squeezing it tightly. Once pushed in all the way, he started turning the screw.

"Oww...Doc!"

"Just a little bit more...."

He almost blew his load again, hearing her moan and make little 'ah' sounds under her breath as he forced open her little cunt with his device. Tiny rivulets of pussy juice ran down her pale, inner thighs as he stretched and stretched. Her pussy was the lightest pink color he could remember seeing. Absolute purity.

The speculum now fully opened, at least for a virgin female, he noticed that Bea was biting her finger, her eyes clenched shut, knowing that her pussy was burning in a subtle pain. Peering into her young, sweet-scented pussy, he gripped his cock with his other hand and started stroking. His cock and balls were aching terribly but soon there would be relief. 

"How much longer, doctor?" Bea asked between gritted teeth.

"Just stay still, girl!" the doc shushed at her, bluntly.

He looked at her pussy. Looked at her ass. Looked around at her lush bosom, with hard pink nubs, stiffer than ever, sticking out from them. Watched her face, contorted in discomfort, as he masturbated his cock.

"Please, doc, it hurts so much!" Bea stated, exasperated.

Staring at the little button of her ass, he was overcome with a desire to push a finger in, thus experiencing each of her intimate girl-holes once and for all. He bent forward and spit right on her ass and then pushed the tip of his ring finger just inside. He had a rather large gem stone, a ruby, inset in a gold ring on this finger. He watched his saliva get drawn inside her little poop hole with his finger as he pushed deeper and deeper inside. Finally his ring pushed into her super-tight ass opening which caused quite a reaction from his young charge. 

Bea let out a gasp and then her body shuddered as her wanton ass came on his finger. And that ring. She had felt him spit on her butt and then push a finger inside. The shock of having her ass exploited made her forget the burning sensation caused by the device stuffed in her pussy. When his hard, protruding ring entered her, she just had to come, and her ass and pussy convulsed together, mixing pleasure and pain.

If he thought her pussy was tight, her ass was tighter. His finger went tingly as the circulation was cut off while it orgasmed. He moved it in and out, never fully exiting, but watched, riveted, as his ring disappeared and then reappeared from her tiny anus.

This pushed the doc over the edge and his cock released a shot of white, sticky come in an arc onto Bea's pale, round ass. Keeping his finger fucking her ass hole, he aimed his cock at the speculum with his masturbating hand, and let fly the rest of his man seed.

Bea was coming and coming with that device stretching her pussy open and that finger pushing in and out of her ass. She moved her ass up and down in rhythm with the finger, wanting more and more. And then there was the man seed. 

The first splatter hit her butt cheek. The second, and all the next thereafter, shot directly, deeply into her. The device kept her pussy wide open. She couldn't resist it or prevent it from happening, no matter how hard she tried to squeeze her pussy shut. The man seed just sprayed and sprayed into her. 

Bea looked around behind her and saw Doc Roberts' face, bright red, with a sinister smile, gripping his erect penis, stroking it. She couldn't see the man seed, but sure could feel it coating the inside of her pussy. He stroked and stroked, veins popping out on his temple and neck. She felt the 'man seed' fill her pussy up. It went all the way inside her, squirt by squirt. It was warm inside her pussy and it never seemed to end. She came again with this thought in her mind, never ending man seed pouring into her young pussy.

When the orgasmic convulsions subsided, and she got her vision back, she noticed something cool and wet run down her legs. Turning her head to look at Doc Roberts, she saw relief on his face, and a limp prick in his hand. 
