 Two New Girls. 

It was the middle of a long hot summer and business was slow. You can never tell when the phone will stop ringing and the desk diary shows empty pages for days on end, but after years as a freelance I had learnt to accept the occasional quiet spell. On the upside it gave me chance to catch up on paperwork and do odd jobs around the studio, but after a week I was beginning to miss actually taking pictures. 

It was in the local shop where I had stopped in to buy a newspaper that the idea came to me. Happening to glance up at the top row on the magazine counter I noticed a number of girls mags, mainly featuring well endowed females on their front covers wearing not much else except a forced smile. 

Terrible photography I thought, why couldn't they do something a bit more creative, more tasteful, less plastic. Walking back to the studio I started to wonder, I had never tried to shoot for girlie mags, never shot so called erotic pictures. Now, things were quiet, why shouldn't I give it a go. There might even be money in it I thought. 

The first problem was of course finding the girls, but I knew that there was at least two agencies in London that dealt with that market, I could give them a call and ask to see some of their girls. 

But that didn't attract me at all, I couldn't imagine shooting these professional plastic models who were totally blasé about showing their bodies to the public. It lacked all appeal at least to me. 

As I opened the door to my basement studio where it was thankfully cooler than the outside, I had an idea that attracted me much more, if I could make it possible. What would be great to do would be to find a new girl, someone fresh to not just nude work but any modelling. A real girl, not a plastic one. 

But where to find such a creature? 

Then I thought of S*******t, the magazine for wannabe actors etc. I had glanced at it a few times and seen all the small ads by people in search of any sort of acting work, not just theatre or film, but commercials, advertising, what have you. Maybe an ad in there might attract a girl needing work and with the added bonus of getting pics for their portfolio. Worth a shot I thought, and set about drafting an ad. After a half hour I settled on " Photographic models wanted for nude/glamour work. No experience needed, beginners especially needed. Great rates of pay. Phone XXXXX." 

The ad appeared in the following weeks edition, and the first day after it appeared no one called. I started to think it might be a waste of time but the day after the phone rang and a rather nervous sounding girl with a very upper class accent asked if I was still looking for models. I told her I was and suggested she pop around to the studio for a chat. I had of course no idea of what she might look like, she might be totally unsuitable, and in any case I had to make sure she knew what was expected of her, not just topless but totally nude and erotic poses. 

Her name was Anne she told me and she agreed to come around the next afternoon to meet up. 

Hardly had I put down the phone when another girl rang. This one sounded a lot more confident, telling me she had posed for a friend and could bring a few pics with her if I wanted to see her. I suggested the next afternoon, an hour after Anne was due to come. Her name was Marie she told me. 

I was rather excited the next day, wondering what these two girls who apparently were quite happy to undress and pose nude for me would look like. The fact that they were both new to modelling gave it a special attraction to me. I would have to lead them, direct them, tell them what I wanted. Would they be shy? Would they find it exciting and maybe erotic to show me their bodies? I couldn't wait. 

At exactly 3pm the bell rang and I opened the door to Anne. First impressions were great...a girl of about twenty, long dark hair, not skinny but with generous curves, a sensual full mouth and big brown eyes. She was dressed casually, jeans and t-shirt, but obviously expensive stuff. 

'Its about the modelling job.' She announced hesitantly, as if unsure she had the right place. 

'Yes...welcome...please come on in.' 

I led her down into the studio, her big eyes staring around with interest at the lights and props. 

'Ive never done any modelling.' she announced as I sat her down in my office, 'I don't know if I can you know, I'm not a skinny model type.' 

She was certainly not your typical model shape I could admit, but she was beautiful, and I thought her body must be all woman. 

'Its not a fashion shoot you know. It is a nude shoot, completely nude, are you ok with that.' 

She looked around at the photos on my walls, mainly fashion and advertising, beautiful girls and locations. 

'I don't mind as long as its not vulgar, you know, not like page three stuff.' 

'Anne, I don't make ugly pictures. If you model for me I can guarantee I will make you look incredible. But it's not at all like page three, for a start it's completely nude and must be unashamedly erotic. I need someone who is completely confident in their own body, with no hang ups. Is that you do you think?' 

She thought for a moment before replying. 

'I think I can. I've just finished uni, business studies, and Dad, he's a merchant banker wants me in the family business. But i can't stand the idea! I want to see a bit of life before settling down to a nine to five. And actually I want to be an actress so I guess it's good practise.' 

'That's good Anne, but I need to emphasis that to make convincing erotic pics you need to really feel it, if you're just acting it will show. When you're in front of the camera you have to feel the vibes, you have to display yourself as if for your lover, totally without inhibitions. Can you do that?' 

She smiled slightly as she replied. 

'I know what you mean, and I think I can do that. I like it here, it's nice and relaxed, and I like you too. I think I'd enjoy working with you.' 

I thought I would too. 

It was after she left and we had agreed to shoot the next afternoon that the idea came to me. The next girl, Marie, if she was good enough and willing, maybe I could shoot them together, a girl on girl shoot. And when the doorbell rang it was with mounting excitement that I ran up the stairs to open it. 

In some ways the girl on my doorstep was the opposite to Anne. Slim, petite, short dark hair and a ready smile on her elf-like face, she stepped straight through the door without waiting for my invitation. 

'It's here I take it?' She said turning to look up at me, her head on one side and i could detect a London even cockney accent. 'The modelling job?' 

'It is indeed, and you're very welcome. Come on down and we'll have a chat.' 

I led the way downstairs but at the bottom instead of following me into my office she turned directly into the studio. 

'Wow! So this is where you do the pics. So much equipment, must cost a bomb.' 

I came and stood next to her, noticing just how small she was, no more than 5'3" I'd have guessed. 

'Its nothing special, just tools of the trade. All helps to make beautiful pictures.' 

We turned and went to sit down in the office. 

'I've brought some pics to show you, just amateur stuff, my ex liked to make pics of me.' 

She handed a rather worn brown envelope to me. 

'He always said I should do modelling, but I can't of course, because of my height.' 

I looked at the photographs. Mostly some rather poor portraits, but two or three shots of her in a bikini. A pretty body, very slim with high shapely breasts, a toned flat middle, and lovely legs. She stood up and leant over me as I looked. 

'I might have put on a bit of weight since they were taken.' She said, patting her thighs. 

'You look good to me. Very good. You do realise its a nude shoot I want to do? You're ok with that I take it?' 

She shrugged her small shoulders. 

'No problem here. Never do it before but thought about it. Must be lots of work for nude models I guess.' 

'I guess there is.' 

'Well you know I'm eighteen and I know this body of mine is probably at its best, so why not make use of it while I can...that's what I think.' 

I smiled. 'Thats one way to look at it I guess.' 

I could tell now that this girl would not need much direction. She wouldn't be shy at all, quite the reverse probably. I decided to ask the question. 

'Ok, so your good to shoot erotic nudes?' 

'Yep, no problem.' 

'Now what I was looking at right now was a girl on girl shoot. Two girls together.' 

She looked at me in that cute way with her head on one side. 

'Would you be up for that?' 

'Girl on girl...you mean like errrr...getting involved...lessy like?' 

'Yep...touching, caressing, kissing...you get the idea I'm sure.' 

She was silent for a moment. 

'I guess it might depend on the other girl you know. If I like her and we hit it off, could be cool. Did you have another girl lined up?' 

I passed her the Polaroid I had made of Anne a while earlier. Marie studied it closely. 

'Well, she's lovely, beautiful. I guess I could manage a bit of fun with her.' 

'Well, I've not asked her yet, but I hope she would say ok. She's happy to do nudes for me, so maybe I, or we, could pursued her.' 

'You mean for me to seduce her' She said laughing. 'Well, I can't say it's never crossed my mind to try another girl, but that's quite a challenge.' 

'Well, what about we give it a try.' I said, 'I'll get you both in at the same time and we can play it by ear, see how she responds. What do you think?' 

'I'm always up for a bit of something different, and why not? Might be amazing, I might even become a lesbian afterwards!' 

I was looking at her as she spoke, imagining what her slim young body would look next to Anne's generous curves, the contrast could be interesting. I wondered how they would get on together, and imagined them both naked, holding each other as they kissed and caressed. 

'Ok, let's make a date shall we. How are you fixed tomorrow?' 

I phoned Anne and asked her to come a little while before Marie the following afternoon, I wanted time to get to know her, for her to have confidence in me before I proposed the session with Marie. I had no idea how she would react but desperately hope that she would accept. The more I thought about it the more it excited me. The idea of being present, watching, from close as two beautiful girls revealed themselves to each other and myself took on an intense eroticism. Would they actually arouse each other? Would they let themselves go as I watched and recorded the action? Would I be able to control my own response to the sex act performed by those two beautiful girls? 

At two thirty exactly Anne arrived. She looked even more lovely than I imagined, even more voluptuous, feminine, warm. She was wearing designer jeans and a white blouse that was just transparent enough to show the outline of her bra enclosing her magnificent breasts. 

'It's a bit of an experiment the first time I shoot with someone.' I told her as I opened a bottle of Champagne and poured us both a glass. 'I never have much of a plan, just vague ideas, but it's the best way to work for me.' 

'Did you want me to wear much make up? I thought it might look better without much, more natural.' 

'Perfect. You don't need much in any case, you have lovely skin.' 

We chatted on for a few minutes, the Champagne helping to make us both more relaxed. Then I held out the Polaroid I had shot of Marie to her. 

'What do you think of this girl?' I asked. 

She studied the picture closely before looking up at me. 

'She's lovely, such a sweet smile too. Is she a model?' 

'Not exactly, in fact she's like you, a first timer, and I'm shooting her this afternoon too.' 

'Really! Shooting her nude?' 

'Yep, just like you.' 

She looked closely at the picture again. 

'She's much slimmer than me.' 

I said nothing. 

'Will you do her after me? Could I stay to watch do you think, would she mind?' 

'I'm sure she wouldn't, in fact I wanted to ask you something, but don't worry about it if it's not your scene.' I took a deep breath before I spoke again. 

'Would you accept to pose with her. A girl on girl session. But tastefully done of course, and respecting your limits.' 

Anne stared blankly at me for several seconds. And I had the feeling that not only would she refuse but she might get up and go. 

Then very quietly she said. 

'Lets get this straight so I understand what you want...you want us both nude...yes?' 

'Thats right.' 

'And we would be like...involved with each other...touching?' 

'Yes, sort of involved.' 

'In other words we would do stuff to each other, touching, kissing...?' 

'Well, I hope you would both feel attracted enough to each other so it came naturally.' 

'You mean making love? Having sex together? Not pretending?' 

'that's the idea, absolutely no pretence, it doesn't work.' 

At that moment the bell rang, Marie had arrived. I looked at Anne as I stood up to get the door. 

'Well?' 

'I'm thinking...better get your door. I have to think.' 

I opened the door to Marie, looking more young and elf-like than I remembered. 

'Marie is here.' I whispered to her as we went down the stairs, ' I think she might be up for it.' 

'Anne, meet Marie...Marie, this is Anne.' I made the introductions when we arrived in the office. Anne stood up and without hesitation Marie went to her and gave her a hug and quick kiss on the cheek. Marie looked slightly surprised, but quite happy about it. 

The girls sat down next to each other on the sofa and I poured Marie a glass of Champagne, topping up Anne's glass at the same time. 

'So, now you have both met' I began, 'What do you think, would you feel happy doing a shoot together.' 

Both girls turned to look at each other, Marie with an open smile, almost a grin, Anne more discrete, eyebrows raised head on one side, as if questioning. 

'It's fine with me,' Marie said without hesitation, 'in fact I'd love to, a new experience!' 

Anne turned towards me. 

'Can I be honest Marc, it's a bit scarey for me. I've never been naked with another girl, let alone...well...being intimate.' She turned towards Marie, 'Sorry Marie, it's not you, you're lovely, really, I'm just a bit shy for this I guess.' 

I was starting to feel disappointed, it was looking like my girl on girl pics were not going to happen. Then Marie spoke, taking Anne's hand in hers. 

'It's ok Anne, I understand, but here's what I think we could do. Why don't we just play it by ear, you know, see how we get on. Anytime you start feeling awkward we can stop, that would be alright with you wouldn't it Marc?' 

I had no hesitation in agreeing, I had the feeling that things might work out in the end. We'd just have to take it slowly. 

'How does that grab you Anne? Want to give it a go, on the understanding we can stop anytime you want, no problems.' 

Anne looked thoughtfully from Marie to me. 

'Well, I can't say no to that. I'm sorry to be a bore, but I'd actually love to try, just as long as you both respect my limits.' 

Marie lent over and kissed her on the cheek. 

'Good for you gal...you won't regret it I'm sure.' 

'So listen,' I said, 'we can start off with you both not nude, might make it easier. What would be good if you started off keeping on panties and your blouse Anne and your t-shirt Marie, but without bras of course.' I stood up and led them to the changing room, closing the door after them. 

I had already set up the lighting in the studio together with a large white fur rug and a low divan bed covered in white satin sheets. I wanted to keep it simple, concentrating on the girls, their bodies, their expressions, their actions. 

A few minutes later they emerged from the changing room. They looked gorgeous, both of them, but I couldn't help looking at Anne. The sheer fabric of her blouse seemed to accentuate what lay underneath, her magnificent breasts. Although large and heavy they rode high, the dark nipple showing clearly, pointing through the material. I was guessing they were conical, and I felt a stirring in anticipating of viewing them uncovered, erect even. Marie by contrast seemed almost androgynous, her tight white t-shirt showing her small high breasts with just the suggestion of a flat nipple. 

'Wow! You both look amazing. We are going to do some beautiful pictures here I think.' 

'So what do we do, you've got two beginners here remember.' Said Marie with a cheeky grin. 'On the bed? Or do you prefer us standing up?' 

I had an idea how I wanted to start the session. I wanted the girls to get to know each other, doing something natural, easy. 

'Lets start up with you Marie sitting n the edge of the bed, and Anne, you're kneeling next to her, and your going to be brushing her hair...here use this brush.' And I handed her a rather nice silver brush I kept as a prop. 

With quite a few giggles the girls arranged themselves, Marie sitting sideways on facing Anne who knelt next to her, just high enough to reach easily the other girls head. 

I began to shoot, fairly quickly, not worrying too much about how it looked but getting the girls to relax and feel at ease. 

'That's nice Anne.' Marie murmured after a while, 'You can do this every day if you like.' 

'I'm enjoying it, don't worry, you have lovely hair.' 

Marie smiled at her, then lent forward and planted a gentle kiss on Anne's cheek. 

'Stop! That's great...lovely...can you do that again?' I called out, seeing a great shot. Both girls smiled at each other before Marie lent forward again, this time Anne turned her face slightly, allowing the girls lips to make contact close to her mouth. 

'There..hold it.' 

I moved to close up, and through the viewfinder watched as Anne turned more, presenting her lips to the other girls. Briefly their lips touched, lightly at first, then as I zoomed in more closely, pressing together. Slowly I saw both mouths open slightly, as they explored this new sensation. 

At last they pulled apart, both smiling shyly. 

'Hey Mr photographer man, how about that?' giggled Marie, 'sexy enough for you?' 

'A good start!' I said laughing, 'but just a start.' 

The girls were looking at each other, Anne blushing slightly as her tongue ran over her lips. 

'Like it?' I asked her. 

'Mmmmm...strange..but very nice I must admit. Different to kissing a man.' 

'ok, can we go a bit further now, you're ok to carry on?' 

'I think so, no problems so far...so what happens now?' 

'Well, you're still doing Anne's hair, but as she does it Anne, you reach up and begin to undo her blouse, ok?' 

'Very ok with me.' She replied quietly. 

Anne began again straightening Marie's hair, kneeling up so she was higher than the smaller girl, whose face was level with Anne's breasts. She brought her hands up and began to undo the buttons from the top and I noticed Anne's nipples were now even more prominent than before. 

Slowly each button was undone, until she reached the bottom of the blouse. 

'Now I want you to uncover Anne's breasts.' I told her, my voice a little tight now with growing excitement. 

Marie took hold of both sides of her blouse and slowly drew them back, uncovering the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen. Their skin pure unblemished white, the nipples a virginal pale pink with amazing conical nipples jutting proudly and erect. They were breasts that screamed to be touched, caressed, kissed. Heavy and soft but upstanding without any droop they pointed towards the face of Anne, just inches away. 

'Wow. Their amazing.' I heard her murmur. 'Wish I had tits like that.' 

'Well Marie, I'd like you to slide your hands up her body, just bring them up to her breasts, is that ok with you Anne?' 
