 Several years ago before they married Sameera and Samar went on a double date that changed them forever. They were in the university and dating. It was a bright and sunny Sunday morning when he went to see Sameera. Sameera had been living with her friend Anuradha. However Anuradha had gone to her native town for a couple of days and Sameera was alone. The incident when she had gone for a modeling assignment had had a profound change on her personality. Thanks to Suzie who had given a shape to her pussy, even her boyfriend had appreciated the change. She had thanked Suzie for this and Suzie had said that this was no big deal. Any girl with a little bit of imagination cold do that herself. Sameera was now more confident of her body and it was a new Sameera at whose door Samar knocked.

"Hi, love" he said hugging her as she opened the door. 

"Hi" she replied "Come on right in." 

"Wow, you look nice and sexy" he said drinking in her sight. Sameera was wearing a long white shirt that finished a couple of inches above her knees. The shirt's cloth was translucent and the silhouette of her dark thick nipples was clearly visible. Her fair legs and bare feet further added to her casual and tremendously sexy persona.

"Come, come. All you do is praise." She said good humouredly.

"I have news. You know Amit? Well, he has requested me or rather us that we go out on a double date with him and Anita."

"Double date? What's that?" Sameera asked as she crossed one leg with another and Samar stared as her shirt rode up further exposing the milky white thighs.

"We will be together and just our presence will be exciting for him and vice verca."

"Samar, of course I'll come. You know that I am game for virtually everything Except that." Sameera said.

"I know that but why dig your heels in for that?"

"Oh forget it. You.... I mean you sure that guy is okay? He won't get excited beyond control?"

Samar knew that what Sameera was saying was correct. Sameera was one of the rare young women who couldn't find something to dislike about her body. Her hair was curly black and shoulder length. Her arms and legs were a deep golden tan, while her breasts and belly were a pale white. Her skin was unblemished, she had never had a mole, wart, or a pimple. Her pubic hair matched the hair on her head, curly and black. She had a thin waist, with a smooth, flat belly, except for a slight, sexy bulge under her navel. Her hips were well rounded and they curved out from her waist. Sameera was proudest of her breasts. They were just a little bit on the larger side , making her look over-proportioned. They curved upwards proudly capped by thick nipples. Her areola was chocolate brown with a pinkish tinge. It was in fact this trait that had appealed so much to the Omega Agency and to John. At one time her erect nipples made her conscious but now she seemed to relish the attention. It would be perfectly understandable if Amit got too excited but he did not foresee too much trouble because even Anita would be there and she would be the one who would be engaging most of Amit's attention.

"No, things should be fine. What'll you wear?" he asked.

"What I usually do. A skirt and top." She replied.

"That would be fine."

Amit and Samar played basketball together but they were not close friends or anything; just on cordial nodding terms. Amit was very cocky, tall and always trying to brag about his latest fuck. Some how he had managed to start seeing Anita who was a new student. Amit would talk about what a great lay she was and how she was so wild.

Sameera was fond of Samar but till now they had not had sexual intercourse. It was not because Samar did not try; he did and was almost successful. They had great oral sex. At his insistence Sameera had also flashed her bare breasts; she had been with him to beaches where toplessness was the norm and Sameera had been quite comfortable with her nude self which had excited Samar tremendously but they had not fucked.

"Hope you guys are not upto something naughty. This guy Amit seems to be shady and if you get carried away he will see me sans clothes. Sure its okay with you?" Sameera asked with a naughty twinkle in her eye.

"You don't want to do that?" Samar asked.

"I am neutral. I don't want to show him my tits and neither am I averse to it. Exposing is good harmless fun." Sameera said.

"Then its fine. Its going to be twilight. With Anita of course there won't be any problem...."

"Now I know. You want to see her nude and are using me as a bait." Sameera laughed.

"Come on, you know that's not true. Its not as if she would be first girl I see topless or nude. Remember we saw dozens nude that day."

"Just pulling your leg." Sameera said. " And how is this guy sans clothes?"

"Curious? Well, he has got a pretty thick one. I guess you watch out."

"Why on earth should I watch out? If anyone should it is Anita." Sameera replied nonchalantly. Her thoughts went back to the shoot with John. It was a good memory and the nude modeling experience did a lot to excite her whenever she felt low. Surprisingly whenever she visited Suzie, she had never seen him there and though she did ask a few innocent questions regarding his whereabouts, she did not get to know much.

The agenda of the evening had not been decided upon. Sameera was wearing a short skirt at Samar's insistence.The broad outlines were that all four of them would go for an outing in an old Tata vehicle that Samar had managed to lay his hands on. There was a dance scheduled but it did not promise to be exciting so Amit talked them into going to the park five miles out of town. As they drove there Samar was able to look back a few times, the last time he looked back Amit had persuaded Anita to take off her shirt. Anita had breasts that were smaller than Sameera's but the one nipple he could see seemed large. Amit was sucking on her other tit, Samar motioned Sameera to look back. Sameera shyly whispered in Samar's ear as he drove that Amit was undoing her pants. This sounded strange and erotic as well. 

Things appeared to be going far too quickly. Samar had no idea that Amit planned to go the whole way with Anita and that too in the presence of Samar and Sameera. The general impression was that there would be fooling around in one another's presence with nudity not being a constraint. Anyway, the wise thing would be to make the most in the given situation. By the time Samar parked the vehicle Amit had Anita's pants down to her ankles and had his hand between her legs.

Sameera turned to Samar and they too started to kiss. The happenings in the back seat seemed to catch Sameera's attention which was natural. While Sameera was looking back Samar was kissing her neck and bringing his hand under her short dress. He was actually rubbing her pussy, something Sameera had only allowed him to do through her pants. Now he was moving her panties aside as his finger rubbed her clit. Samar looked back when he saw something out of the corner of his eyes, Amit's pants were already off and his cock was sticking out, it almost seemed to be pointed at Sameera. It was thick and veiny and since the foreskin had rolled back, the shiny head was clearly visible. As now she was on her knees looking to the back seat, they both just looked in fascination as Amit aimed his cock toward Anita's pussy. It seemed surreal. They watched as Amit rubbed his cock against her clit a few times then he opened her pussy lips with his fingers right before he inserted his cock into her. It did seem somewhat surprising that Anita was not averse to being made love to in the presence of Samar and Sameera. When he was all the way in Anita wrapped her legs around his ass and seemed to pull him in further.

Sameera found this be very arousing and said so in Samar's ears. They kissed again. Samar had been a trifle apprehensive lest Sameera be offended by this but surprisingly and thankfully she was taking this pretty well. Sameera surprised Samar by reaching down and pulling off her dress. Sameera's breasts were larger than Anita's and seemed to pour out of her bra. They kissed and Samar pushed down her bra straps to expose her beauty. Samar could hear moaning in the back seat and his attention was divided between the exposed breasts of his girlfriend and the happenings in the back seat. Sameera however kept saying wow look at them fuck while Samar lovingly ran his tongue across her nipples. His hands were trying to remove Sameera's panties but since no result came out, he settled with again pushing them aside. After rubbing her for a few minutes his finger were getting slick and he found Sameera's pussy. When he inserted his finger she jerked up but came back down onto his finger pushing it further into her virgin pussy. Samar started to pull it out rub her clit and push the finger back into her pussy.

Sameera was now sliding down on the seat toward the door. Samar again tried to pull off her panties but Sameera refused. As Sameera repositioned herself Samar looked into the back seat, Amit was pounding Anita as hard as he could, Anita looked at Samar and smiled. She grabbed his hand from the seat, brought it to her mouth and sucked the finger that had been in Sameera's pussy. Samar smiled and pulled off his shirt before bending down to kiss Sameera yet again. As they kissed he somehow managed to get his hand between them to insert his finger again. 

Lack of space was restricting free movement. Samar brought his face down to Sameera's belly button. He teased her by encircling it with his tongue sending sensations in Sameera who moaned and moved giving him more room to lick. She put her hand in his hair and as Samar continued to tease her, she suddenly shivered. It was apparent that she was approaching an orgasm. Samar looked up and was surprised to see Amit's hand playing with one of Sameera's breasts. Samar was surprised that Sameera had not ticked him off. Letting Amit see her nude was one thing but to let him squeeze her boobs was another. He looked into the back seat and saw Anita giving Amit a blowjob. Perhaps Amit had insisted on a blowjob to delay his won discharge. Things had moved so fast that Samar had not found time to take his own cock out. Now that is exactly what he proceeded to do. 

Samar could see Amit with lust in his eyes taking in all of Sameera's beauty as his fingers continued to tweak her nipple. Samar was wondering whether it was such a good idea to have come here with this raunchy couple. This guy was casually playing with his girlfriend's nipple. He was wondering as to how could he get even.As he attempted to bring his cock into contact with Sameera's pussy, she whispered 'we can't go all the way.'

'Oh God, Sam! Why not? What difference is it going to make?"

Samar's cock was aching for release and that release was not forthcoming. Sameera sat next to him saying 'please understand.' She was looking extremely pretty in that semi nude state of hers. Samar was angry but he hugged her, and happened to look into the back seat. From that point he found himself looking at Anita's ass and could make out her pussy. His hand reached into the back and he rubbed her ass. He let his hand reach further down and felt Anita's pussy. Her pussy was wet and slick and without thinking Samar pushed a finger into her wet pussy. It felt so good and slick, his finger slipped right in just as Amit watched.

Seeing that Anita was not minding Samar's actions, Amit smiled, disengaged his cock from his girlfriend's lips and promptly got out of the door with one slick movement. Samar was too involved with Anita's pussy and his own frustration to know where Amit had gone. However finding the place vacant he pulled himself over the seat. As he got into the back seat which had become somewhat more spacious with Amit's departure Anita quickly reached down and put his cock into her mouth. It was perhaps her way of telling Sameera that her man was within her( Anita's) reach.

Sameera was watching this completely transfixed and did not notice that her panty was on her ankles and she was on all fours. Amit wasted no time and in one quick stroke he put the head of his cock at the entrance of Sameera's pussy. 

Amit rubbed his cock over her manicured pussy and then pushed it gently over the lips. The rubbing was having an effect on her and she felt a pleasurable sensation. Sameera moaned as the head rubbed against her labia. Her mind was saying no, but her body wanted a sexual union. 

Amit was pressing down hard and the tip was pushing into her pussy. The lips were spreading, wanting him inside her and her pussy muscles were sucking in.

She felt her pussy lips stretch out and the foreskin rolled over them providing the nerve endings on her lips with tremendous pleasure just as the actual hole closed over the head of his cock. By the time Sameera could react, his cockhead had entered the warm and tight confine of her pussy.

Her legs were spread as wide as possible He had moved into a comfortable position and Sameera could feel the head of his cock pushing inside her pussy. It was so big! She could feel it stretching the walls of her pussy as the entire length of his cock forced its way deep inside of her. He began to thrust his cock in and out of her pussy and it felt amazing. While her mind was refusing to accept this onslaught she found to her horror that her body was bucking her hips upwards to meet every stroke of his thick cock as it gradually filled her and his testicles started clapping on her bare buttocks. 

His hands played with her thick and erect nipples and alternated by placing them on Sameera's ass and hips so that he could really drive into her. He started pulling out slowly and pushing back inside, enjoying the feeling of her unfamiliar but lovely and warm pussy. But before long he quickened his pace and was pounding in and out of her.

A sort of swap had taken place but not in the way Samar had envisaged. His girlfriend was a virgin and this guy Amit was the first man to enter her whereas all he was getting was a blowjob from Anita who was sexually a veteran. Samar sat there dumbfounded as Amit was just starting to fuck Sameera. He could see Amit's cock starting to slide in and out of Sameera's pussy. The sight was erotic and disturbing at the same time. Amit exclaimed that this was lovely. Sameera protested feebly and attempted to turn but there was far too much confusion and far too little space for her to do anything much.

The intercourse with Anita followed by the blowjob had brought Amit on the verge of discharge. Samar watched as Amit groaned and filled Sameera up with his cum rather quickly perhaps within barely five six strokes his sperm coming out in a gush.

Samar opened the back door and followed Amit's previous route running around the car and getting in the front. As Samar opened the door he could now see Sameera sitting on the seat and putting on her skirt. She said to Samar 'lets go home.' Samar grabbed his pants put them on, pulled on his shirt and drove quietly into town. Amit and Anita were in the back seat and making small and casual talk. They dropped off Amit and Anita at Amit's house then drove to Sameera's. Finally Samar asked 'why did you do this?'

"Because you were with that bitch. Being nude is one thing but she appeared so comfortable being fucked right in front of us. First of all I was feeling odd when he squeezed my breasts. Being naked in front of him all thanks to you since you virtually stripped me was perhaps okay but then you promptly went and started getting sucked by his girlfriend. Before I could react he had his cockhead in my pussy. I was feeling shy and taking advantage of that he shoved it right in. I tried to turn but there was no place. It is just as well that he came quickly. I just hope I don't get pregnant." Sameera said. "Turn on the light so I can find my panties. As it is my pussy is sore."

"Why is it sore? I mean he did not do it for long." Samar said.

"Because it was so thick. You were right. I should have been careful."

Samar put on the car light and Sameera herself leaned over the seat looking for her panties. This caused her short dress that she had just put back to rise and expose her wet ass and pussy. Samar grabbed her ass cheeks opened them up as well as her pussy and licked her pussy. 

Sameera turned to him and said "If you are going to do that then do it right." 

Saying that she sat down on the front seat lifting her dress to her navel and opened her legs. "You don't mind?" she asked running her fingers lovingly in his hair.

"What?"

"I mean some of his cum may be getting into your mouth but we girls also get lots of cum in our mouths but I just wanted to know. If you don't like it, let it be." Sameera said.

"Its okay." Samar said as his tongue continued to caress Sameera's pussy. He could feel the taste of Amit's cum but what Sameera had said was right. If girls could taste it and even swallow it, so could he.

Finally Samar felt her body shake and tremble. It was apparent that Sameera was cuming. Sameera picked up his head from her pussy to ask if he liked it?

"Liked what?" Samar asked.

"Seeing me getting fucked." She replied casually.

Samar told her the truth that it was indeed a turn-on to see her getting fucked. Sameera kissed him saying "Good night. You are such a darling." 

"Aren't we going to fuck?"

"Not tonight. One fuck is enough for one night. But lets hope for the best." she responded and got out of the car.

Two years passed. Sameera completed her graduation and was soon to be married to a guy named Imran who was a computer engineer in the United States.

As Sameera pulled into her driveway late Thursday afternoon after doing copious shopping for her wedding, she noticed a Gas Company truck parked just down the hill at the Guptas' house. The Guptas were her only neighbors. Her house was in a lane that was the last in that particular locality. She loved the house because of the views and the privacy it offered without having to close any of the curtains. 

A man walked quickly up the hill in the blowing snow towards her. 

"Hi, I'm with the Gas Company, your neighbors called earlier and said they thought they smelled gas. I checked around it looks like you have a leak."

"Oh, No Did you find out where it is coming form?" she asked.

"No, I'm sorry I'll have to come to your kitchen. I also noticed a plumbing problem. You'll have to call a plumber out because water has accumulated outside. I left a tag on your door. The leak has to fixed by tomorrow afternoon positively or I have to take the cylinder away. It's a real hazard."

"Okay I'll call someone now, but you can't take the cylinder away.. My parents too will return tomorrow."

"I'm sorry ma'am, but I'm required to. But don't worry. There is no reason why it should not be fixed by tomorrow. I am in a hurry today." 

Sameera rushed in the house and started calling plumbers. After an hour she was down to the last plumber in town. Everyone seemed to busy fixing broken water pipes. The man who answered the phone said he was very busy, but could make it out around 8:30 the next morning.

She tried to talk him into making it a little earlier, but he said he couldn't. She had an important meeting at work at 9:30 she had to be at. She hoped he could fix it quickly.

She kept on working till late at night for a project due to which she slept late. The doorbell startled her. Thinking that it would be the maid she hurriedly put on a long shirt and opened the door. A familiar looking man in his early thirties was standing outside. She suddenly realized that this would be the guy from the plumbing company. She felt like kicking herself for having opened the door so skimpily attired but now that the door was open she had no option but to let him in. 
