 As I turn to take your invitation, my fingers release slowly from your grasp and my toes step lightly into the blistering water beginning to pool on the shower floor. Reaching quickly for the faucet handle, I am required to step under the stream of water and can feel the uncomfortable sting of the downpour as it pummels my shoulders and arm. My face is flushed and my skin reveals a bright pink glow, but the temperature, abated, becomes a welcomed comfort to my sweltery body. At this point, there is little left of me that is not entirely drenched from sweat or the still increasing humidity of the room. I step under the shower, face toward the ceiling, to wet my hair and immerse myself completely in the warm current. Without seeing or feeling you, I realize that you've moved behind me and taken a seat on the farther of the two built-in shower seats. The door of the shower clinks closed, and I begin to indulge myself in the joys of an after-sex bath. 

I turn my back to the water's source, clasp my hands in a prayer-like pose under my chin, close my eyes, and let the water envelope me. It's a balmy, soothing sensation; every inch of my body being shrouded by the forgiving rush of water allows my muscles to begin to relax and shed the worries of the day. Not entirely forgetting I am not alone, my hands follow the flow of the velvet wave down the back of my neck and around my arms, across my chest down each side of my waist to my hips, and finally, over each rise of my leg to rest at my inner thighs. Spreading my fingers wide to cover as much skin as possible, each of my thumbs makes an almost imperceptible glance across my labia. Still aroused from our initial romp, I am careful to avoid direct contact with my clit, but with the flat of my hand, I apply firm pressure to calm the overstimulation of my sex. I take a quick, almost silent, gasp of air, hold it for just a moment, and exhale slowly luxuriating in the moment, feeling a sense of restoration, calm, and even liberation. 

Sleepily, I open my eyes to catch your stare. You are watching my every move, expressionless, as a voyeur who has been audience to my act a thousand times but is helpless to take his eyes away. The ends of my mouth curl into a sly smile as my eyes seductively command your gaze. My head tilts just a touch to the left and I ask in an alluring, rich whisper, "What do you see?" Before you can answer, my bottom lip tucks almost naturally between my teeth and I give a permissive, little bite. You give a slow raise of your eyebrow and a sheepish grin as I bend toward you and my mouth intercepts your response with a kiss. 

Like the warmth of a stoked fire extending its heat to inhabit the corners of a winter-chilled room, our shower spreads over my back, flows down my neck, and streams across my chin to yours. Under my embrace, I can feel you shudder just barely as you recline ever-so-slightly to rest your head against the back wall of the shower and allow the spill of water to trip down your neck and chest into your lap. Your arms resting on each side of you allow me to move freely, unhindered, to any destination I choose. My lips instinctively move from your mouth to your check, peppering your face with a million tender touches, and as my nose nudges your chin to the side, I nip at your ear and begin to tantalize your neck and shoulder with playful nibbles and kisses. Every few seconds, I return to your patient lips, and with each subsequent journey, our passion for one another intensifies; deeper and harder you kiss me in return with a lustful tongue that begs my body to respond. 

My nipples harden and my pulse quickens like only your touch can elicit. Delighting in my body's reaction, you roll the rigid flesh between your thumb and forefinger stretching and snapping the skin of each breast again and again until I feel a twinge of pain pulse through me. I instinctively pull away from your reach, and not to let me escape, your arms seize my hips and command that I return. Like a magnet, I am drawn down to my knees so that I have to look up to meet your eyes with mine. With a sense of immediacy, you grab my head, draw me tightly to you, and your lips meet mine with the force of a desire I've not felt from you in a long time. You sit on the edge of the shower's seat, knees open with my figure snugly between your thighs, and lean into my body pressing our sultry flesh together. My arms encircle your waist and I melt into your advances easily. The rise and fall of my chest, with each hot breath I release, allows the tip of your engorged penis to feel a caress from my skin as my heavy breasts undulate in time. We kiss again, both biting the other's bottom lip with a bit more fervor than last time. I place my head flat against your chest and allow the rain from the wall cover us together in a cold, refreshing shower. I can hear the beating of your heart; I can see the attention of your cock, and I can feel my own lust grow at each move we make.

I look up toward your face to ensure that your eyes are meeting mine as I slide like rain down the front of your body to settle on your right leg beside your waiting erection. Hard, proud, excitable, and eager, it coaxes my lips to wet themselves and draw nearer. As I position my body evenly between your legs, my breasts point salaciously down toward my mouth's intended goal. Again, my eyes search your face to make certain you are entirely hypnotized by my thoughts and intentions for your body. My tongue runs from one side of my lips to the other quickly giving them a coating of slickness. I look into your eyes to fix your gaze upon me, and without breaking our stare, I lower myself onto your waiting cock. Just as my lips reach the tender head above the shaft, my tongue peers out of my warm mouth, flattens out to lap across the velveteen skin, and delivers a bath to your dick. As my motions become more rhythmic, I can hear guttural moans from your body, indications that you like what you feel me doing. At first, I allow just an inch of your manhood to penetrate my mouth, but the slicker your hard on becomes, the more of it I welcome past my soft lips and into my awaiting throat. I arch back slightly and lift my chin into the air while you move to the very edge of your seat. The water is still rushing at my back and warming my skin; I can feel my muscles begin to tense in preparation for taking all of you. You feel the change in my posture as well and help guide your erection past my lips and mouth all the way to my straightened throat. You moan again and bite your bottom lip as I pull your ass closer to my face and allow your hips to move more freely, less careful, with each thrust. I am relaxed, still watching you watch me please you, and flushed with a lusty desire to have you erupt in pleasure for a second time inside of my body. 

I let go of your hips and slide my hands between my own legs. You take a hold of my head and though we are still transfixed in each other's gaze, I give you complete mastery of me, and I know you will manipulate me as you choose. My smoldering blue eyes reveal that I am yours, that I trust you implicitly, and that I crave little more than to drink every last drop of cum you can provide for me. You slide in and out of me over again as my tongue tries to keep pace with your natural movement. Flat and broad then pointed and flickering, I eagerly lick from the head of your prick down to your drenched balls. As I try to ask if I can play with my begging clit, you shove your cock back into my mouth with a force that quickly reminds me of your power in our game. Giving a dirty, even sinful grimace, you say, "Play with it like I showed you. Make it cum hard for me or we start all over again. Do you understand?" I nod as best I can with my head shoved into your lap and a few inches of rock hard dick never leaving my mouth. I have no choice but to allow you to fuck my face with no apparent end in sight. 

Just as you instructed, I begin to massage my clit, allowing myself to revel this offering of my body to your needs. I am wet, sopping wet from clit to ass and just a few quick touches send thrills along my spine. With my hand dripping from my own juices, I cup your balls in my hand, and tease the sensitive skin with a wet, light touch. Your legs shake a bit at the surprise of a soft caress in the mix of such intense fucking. I slide my still wet fingers from the base of your cock between and around your soaked balls back to you waiting ass. Again, you shudder just a bit at the sensation of having something so taboo played with by a girl on her knees easily taking your entire sex down her throat. I circle around your sweet spot with my finger, remembering how your cock felt at my asshole just minutes ago, and as each new thrust of your hips brings you deeper into my mouth, I gently bury my finger into your ass. "Fuck.....me," escapes through your lips as a surprised whisper and I continue to bob my head up and down on the length of your dick. The waiting has become unbearable for you and firmly holding my head still, you dive as deeply as you can into my mouth. With two or three intense pushes, you release into me a flood of cum. 

Relaxing back on your seat, you watch as stand up and glide across to the opposite shower seat. The water falling from the showerhead is no longer hot or even warm; it's cool to the touch, but neither of us seems to notice because the heat from our bodies is intense enough. Feeling a bit of playful embarrassment, I giggle just a little under your exhausted stare, and with my thumb, capture a drop of your cum escaping at the meeting of my lips. As I shove my prize into my mouth, my opposite hand works quickly to glide between the lips of my exposed pussy past my swollen clit and delve deep into my vagina. You grin and while still seated lean closer toward me. I feel your strong, masculine hands at my thighs, and just as my finger makes its exit from my honey-dripping box, your thumb plunges deep inside. Our free hands clasped together, we work in tandem, me flicking, rubbing, and massaging my clitoris, and you methodically probe me with your thumb, then a finger, then more fingers until my pussy spasms in ecstasy. You don't stop. Again and again, I feel a rush of heady self-indulgence as you bring me to yet another orgasm. 

You eventually release me by sliding out of my satisfied sex and we lean toward each other, our foreheads resting together. You kiss me lightly on the check as I am still trying to control my feverish breathing. "Has your day gotten any better, babe?" You ask with a sweet smile, a quick wink, and a gentle caress on the side of my face. For just a minute more, we hold each other tightly, exchange another kiss or two, and finally stand to open the door. With the faucet off, we step onto the bathroom rug and wrap each other in our towels feeling a closeness, a connection that only truly passionate lovers ever feel.