 As the office door closed behind her Alison turned and smiled a huge smile as Jake looked closed the door and down at her, she blushed briefly looking away, Alison's eyes diverted to the huge bulge in Jake's tight jeans.

Lowering her hand she immediately searched for his cock and groped it roughly and her inexperience showed, he realized she may need a lot of guidance, but she had stunned him with her urgency, he had not expected her to make the first move.

Unexpectedly Alison felt Jakes hand land hard on her rear as she walked by him trying to compose herself she asked why he had slapped her. He explained she had thrown herself at him like a common slut and he wanted to teach her that he was in charge. 

"Was he going to punish her for that?" she thought, the sharp slap had certainly brought tears to her eyes but unlike the punishments she had experienced for being naughty from her parents as a young child she was actually sexually excited by Jakes slap. 

At that moment her stomach gave a turn and an apprehensive feeling came over.

Despite her apprehension she found it turned her on immensely, Alison soon found her panties getting wet.

As a much younger child she had hated being smacked but now as Jake had done so she found herself wanting more, inwardly begging for his touch, Jake stepped toward her kissing her hard on the mouth and landed a harder much sharper slap again on her rear. 

Indignantly she turned attempting to walk out of his reach but he spun her around quickly and held her by the wrists, she felt her pussy contract and more moisture seep through the already soaked gusset of her panties.

Although he held her roughly now she liked how manly he felt holding her in such a way and how he made her feel next to her tiny frame.

Jake had not intended to be rough with Alison, but her throwing herself that way was not the opening to a sexual liaison he usually desired, he liked to be in charge of the situation, however her sluttish behavior today almost overcame him and he found himself more aroused by her. Wondering just how slutty Alison might become and how far she would let him go with his guidance, he tested her dirty talk. 

He lessened his grip on her and heard himself say "Tell me how badly you want me" Jake felt his cock tighten against his jeans as he watched her shyly recoil. He thought he had gone a little too far but she surprised him by leaning into him and whispering "I want your cock badly Jake please" he pulled back her head using her hair and she whimpered, " today you are going to learn how to suck this big hard cock you want so much", Alison nodded with a pleading look in her watery eyes. 

It was at that moment that Jake realized she would do anything he asked, he bent and kissed her for being so willing, landing another slap to her rear as he did so. Startled she opened her mouth to let out a cry and Jake covered his hand over her mouth to stifle her cry so the other stable yard occupants would not be alerted. 

When he could be sure she wouldn't make a sound Jake removed his hand and kissed her until she responded with her small mouth, he knew he had her where he wanted her. He imagined how it was going to feel to have her take his stiff cock between those small lips and heard himself moan, bringing her towards him he held both sides of her face kissing her deeply.

He had waited all week for her, of course she had been later than anticipated, waiting in anticipation all week him with an ache in his balls and a tightening of his underwear. 

He had planned their lovemaking in a much more loving manner later that evening when they were alone in the house but her slutty behavior and his now throbbing cock made is urging to be satisfied great.

Insistently he guided her head down his chest slightly, pushing her urgently towards his groin, pre cum seeping through his shorts he rubbing his sensitive cock head against the tight material. Unsure at first what he liked or what he expected of her Alison trembled but allowed Jake to push her to her knees, as she looked up expectantly he Quickly undid the fastener and unzipped his jeans releasing his hard cock which sprung forward almost hitting her in the face.

She saw the pre-cum that had collected at the tip and breathed in his manly scent, she looked innocently up at him searching his face for a reaction, what she saw there was hot desire and anticipation, she planted a innocent kiss on the tip of his cock, swirled her tongue around the head and lapped up the precum with her tongue and Jake moaned.

Alison's smile returned for she knew full well what he desired, she gazed up into his eyes to speak as Jake thrust his hard cock into her open mouth, closed his eyes and let out a deep guttural moan. 

As Alison took his cock only slightly into her open mouth he shuddered at the feel of the warm wet lips wrapped around him, he knew she was inexperienced at this but her mouth still felt so good. She gazed at him knowing that this was the start of a very hot much thought of fantasy being fulfilled.

She and Rachael had watched porn movies and she knew given the right man and circumstances she had the makings of a real cum slut and by watching and wondering had already developed a fetish for sucking cock.

Her mouth opened to ask how she should proceed but interpreted as an attempt to Jake that she was unsure she wanted to give him head, Jake gripped her ponytail hairstyle roughly in his hand, his pulsing cock in the other hand stroked it a few times against her lips and demanded she take it in her mouth, slapping her lips with the head of his pre-cum soaked cock and rubbing pre-cum on her lips in a desperate attempt to have her part her lips and sink it between her wet lips into her hot mouth, "suck it now slut" he demanded. His demands excited although she feared that she was not giving him what he wanted. She leant forward and opened her mouth.

Afraid that she would not please him she began to shake a little, Alison sensed he was slightly enjoying the fact that she nervous and sensed it was arousing him further, she thought that it might come in useful to play the innocent at a later date.

He needed her so badly that he found himself fucking her face thrusting deeper and deeper into open her mouth with each thrust forward, he yanked her head back by her hair so that he could get clear vision of her face and his use of her mouth. 

So that when first he rammed his bulging cock into her mouth hard she gagged, in doing so she unknowingly feigned a little girl startled and forced look on her face, which drove him crazy and he felt a need to spurt cum all over her innocent face but managed to hold back.

She was in fact a little startled at his immediate intrusion of her throat, but the look was very sexy to him and it incited him further. 

Once accustomed to the intrusion she started to suck actually enjoying the feel of his hardness in her mouth. 

Guided only by what she had watched on porn movies she worked his cock in her mouth and down her throat, circling her small tongue around the rim of his cock when he pulled out, she knew it was the right thing to do because he momentarily begged her to stop and warned her that she was making bringing him close to orgasm.

She stopped sucking and caressed his balls and heard him moaning, once more Alison felt him thrusting himself into her mouth, deeper and deeper he slid his wonderful cock into her throat, feeling herself gag a little she pulled away but he held her head firmly fucking her mouth. Jake through waves of pleasure thought how her mouth even felt like her tight velvet lined pussy wrapped around his cock and realized the sight of her gagging slightly had nearly tipped him over the edge yet again.

He knew she would please him whenever and however he wanted her. 

He closed his eyes and listened to the wet slurping sound her saliva and his pre-cum made as he rammed is rock hard meat down her throat, he couldn't remember when he had last enjoyed such a wonderful a blowjob, it was much more intense. 

Alison now started to relax and enjoy sucking his cock, the more she relaxed the deeper down her throat she found she could swallow his cock, his moans spurring her on to suck even more deeply, exquisitely dragged her flattened tongue, up the underside of his shaft and lapping under the head of his cock.

When he groaned she knew he loved what she was doing to him, indicating pleasure by moaning, caressing her head and face and thrusting harder, she repeated it learning quickly what pleased him most, before long she could feel his legs were trembling and the tension in his thighs.

Somewhere in the deep recesses of her mind she thought about how she had watched those women on the screen jerk the shaft of men's cocks whilst sucking and licking a cock and mirrored there action. She put her hand around his ass and gripped his ass and pulled him to her, she heard Jake moan as she touched his balls, with her tongue, and she fondled them and licked them whilst stroking her small hand up and down the length of him.

She looked up at him as he thrust forward his face slightly contorted looking down on her never taking his eyes from hers, he started to talk such words as she had never heard but she liked them because she knew she was pleasing him. "Suck my big hard cock down your throat now and take what I have for you, oh yes babe you know you want my cum", "jerk my cock like that and you're going to have me cum so hard in your mouth babe". She felt her pussy twinge and release pussy juice into her panties and her clit throbbed like crazy.

He looked down on her, an eighteen year old girl sucking on his purple head for all she was worth was enough to make him cream her mouth instantly, he could feel the familiar feeling of cum swirling around ready to make its escape and was second off pumping down her throat the biggest load yet.

She knew he was about to cum when his legs started to tremble, his balls tightened and thighs became rigid, before she could even brace herself he groaned and thrust his cock deep in her throat moaning her name a few times before delivering several hot jets of man cum hard onto her tongue rubbing the tip of his cock on her lips he shuddered and spurted several more jets onto her mouth and chin, he took his throbbing cock from her mouth.

She loved the taste of his salty load and smiled as she leant forward, Alison sucked and licked Jake clean, never had she imagined in her wildest dreams that she could bring a man so intensely to orgasm in her mouth, let alone that she would that she would enjoy it so much, she had never tasted a man before and asked him if she had felt good and he smiled down at her smoothing her hair, "Oh Jesus, she had done more than good", he thought and nodded as he held her too him.

Little did Jake know that she would have sucked his cock happily for hours whether he asked her or not, but she like the fact that he had been insistent and used her mouth the way he had. 

Now he said take off your panties and give them to me so that when we take our lesson I can taste, smell them and see how much that pussy wants me, afterwards come back into the house with me, shower and let me show you how much I want your pussy. 

Alison wanted his cock now not later she removed her jodhpurs and gave him her panties plunging her fingers deep into her pussy several times; he spanked her ass and thrust his fingers downwards between her thighs rubbing her clit just long enough to hear her moan, then pulled them out and licked his fingers. As he pushed her panties into his jeans pocket he insisted "now get dressed you have a lesson in five minutes."

She pleaded with him to eat her pussy but he ignored her walked away, wanting her to be horny throughout her lesson. after composing herself she followed him to the horse box, finding Jupiter already tacked up, she checked the horses girth led him from the stall and put her foot in the stirrup swinging herself up she adjusted the stirrup strap whilst her pussy soaked her saddle and feeling a burning desire to have her wet pussy fucked hard, rode from the yard.

As he watched her mount her horse he felt himself stir again, he thought how she was such a willing and participant pupil and how he had seduced her the first time, he smiled as he thought of the fun they had coming and the various toys that lay in wait in his bedroom to tease her beyond ecstasy, she would have her orgasms he would make sure she came time and time again. Tonight he knew had they all night. He knew she was his to do as he pleased and he would. As he followed her on her horse into the indoor arena he could see the wet patch formed on her seat, he knew by the time he had finished correcting her seat today she would be more than ready for the fun and games he had planned for later.