 Emma and I were now fucking on a regular basis. Late nights, weekends, mostly in my office but also in my car and occasionally in a hotel room since neither of us could go home. Eventually my wife had to go to Los Angeles for a week for work -- she's a marketing consultant and a very high priced and in demand one at that. I decided to have Emma over for a night for convenience. I figured we could meet at some random place, she could leave her car in the parking lot and when we pulled into my house she could duck so the neighbors couldn't see her. We did exactly that.

We met at the underground garage off of Millennium Park and she got into my Benz and as we cruised up Lake Shore Drive she gave me road head. She was using her leather gloved hand and it felt great. The one nice thing about winter in Chicago is the women get to wear sexy clothes that they can take off at home. 

We pulled into the garage in my North Shore home and I waved to my neighbor as Emma's lips were still sucking on the head of my cock. I shut the garage door, turned off the lights and we both walked safely inside.

She stood there in my kitchen in her long black leather overcoat, black leather gloves with my pre-cum still on them and knee high black leather boots. I still didn't know what was under that over coat. I left her there to go the cellar for a bottle of wine and when I came back she was standing against the counter wrapping her over coat around her, but it was unbuttoned. I poured two glasses of Bordeaux and she started smiling. She opened up her coat and she was only wearing some fishnet stockings, some black leather hot pants and a black leather bra. Her stomach was flat and toned and she had a pearl necklace around her neck.

"I know as much as you love leather you must have some of your own." She said.

I nodded, "Why don't you pick something out of my closet?"

She grabbed her wine and followed me up the stairs to my bedroom. We went into our walk-in closet and in the back was a small door. Inside that small door was our Playroom. We had all kinds of bondage gear and all our clothes and toys stored away in there. She walked first to my rack of clothes and started going through my things. She came onto my boots first and tossed them at me. She then found a pair of black leather short shorts that had a snap off cod piece and threw those at me. She kept perusing my things and found the tightest pair of leather jeans I had and again, tossed them at me. She then found a leather shirt, paused, then put it back and tossed a black leather vest at me. She finished with my black leather motorcycle jacket, black leather gloves and black leather biker cap. 

"One of these days I'm going to make you take me to some place in Wisconsin where no one knows us and we're going to go out in public in our leathers."

"Maybe one day" I said. 

"Get those on while I look at your wife's leathers." She said.

I got dressed in front of her and she went through my wife's sex heels (which she sometimes wears to work), her fuck me boots, her leather and latex catsuits and masks, her various gloves, her leather pants and jeans, her leather skirts and shorts, her latex crotchless panties, leather teddies and underwear, her whips, restraints, chains, dildos, vibrators, leather tops, jackets and all the miscellaneous other things in our toy closet. 

"Does your wife ever wear these latex panties to work?"

"Yeah she does. She sometimes texts me and tells me what kinky stuff she has on under her suit."

I was dressed now all in leather. She came over to me and ran her hands all over me, rubbing the leather hard, smelling me, feeling my cock throb through two sets of leathers. She pushed me over to the bondage cross and chained me in. She then blind folded me. When she walked away I didn't think anything of it, but little did I know then, she went and turned the video camera on. The video camera is hooked up to a 60" plasma in the room so we can watch ourselves fucking -- the video camera is networked so there's five cameras recording at the same time and the video is digitally recorded and can be edited to make our own pornos. 

Considering the light in the room, it would be hard to make me out if not for the room itself and my distinctive tattoos. Taking Emma home would later haunt me.

However, for the time being she fucked my brains out. 

She flipped me around and began to alternate hitting me with the bullwhip and stroking my cock through my leathers. I thought I would come in my pants but I didn't. 

She pulled down my leather pants and pulled the cod piece off and sprung my cock free. I could feel her being to suck me, pulling down on my balls with one hand and squeezing my leather covered ass with the other. She was working me really slow, taking her time, torturing me. 

She then uncuffed me and lead me out of the Playroom and down the stairs and back into my kitchen. She took the blind fold off and hopped up on the kitchen island and I immediately went to work pulling her shorts aside, licking her pussy and playing with her asshole. She handed me a lubed up anal vibrator that I slipped into her ass and turned on and she came in no time flat. 

I pulled her down her little booty shorts though I wish I could have plunged my dick right through them, and shoved my cock deep into her wet pussy, the anal vibrator still going. She screamed and screamed and came and came until I pulled the vibrator out and shoved my bulging cock into her asshole. You could tell she'd never had anal sex before but I wasn't going to let that slow me down. As she screamed harder and harder I fucked her harder and harder. When I was done I pulled out and ordered her down onto her knees where she started to suck me again like the slut that she is. She opened her mouth a little, I pulled back and came all over her face. The first wave was huge coating the entire right side of her face and the second two waves were smaller but still significant and the cum dripped down her chin and onto her tits that were glistening with sweat. She sucked what little was left from my cock and ran her fingers over her face licking what was left. She rubbed the cum on her tits into her skin and leather bra while smiling at me. She then spun me around and began to pull down my shorts and lick my asshole. While I didn't come again, it felt fantastic. 

We fucked several more times that night, her trying on different outfits, talking dirty and all in all getting more adventurous. 

When I picked my wife up at the airport later that week, she got off the plane in a short black leather skirt, boots and black leather jacket and as she approached the baggage claim I noticed a young buff man was carrying her bags. He left her as I approached but I could tell they'd been chatting.

She wasted no time, once we got into my car in the parking garage, jumped on top of me and shoved my cock into her already wet pussy and started pouncing up and down. Without hesitating or stopping her I asked her, "Does this have anything to do with that guy I saw you with?"

"Maybe a little, but maybe I am just horny and happy to see you."

"Did you find him attractive?"

"Yeah, he was fucking hot actually. At one point during the flight he moved my hand under the blanket and made me touch his cock."

"What the fuck?" I asked. I was pissed but she kept fucking me so it was hard to protest.

"He had the biggest cock I'd ever felt. It was at least nine inches and THICK!"

"Jesus Christ!"

"That was it I moved it away fast and maybe I'm feeling a little guilty so I am going to make sure you have a good time for a few days to make up for it."

I couldn't complain too much. My wife was hot and dressed sexy, she was going to attract men and men were going to take chances. Plus, I was cheating on her so who was I to judge. 

After my wife's close call with infidelity I felt bad and laid off Emma for awhile. In fact Julie (my wife) met me at the office for lunch one day and met Emma. Julie shows up in a ankle length leather skirt, boots, blouse and jacket and comes across Emma, wearing a knee length leather skirt, satin blouse, seemed stockings and heels. They have a nice introduction and Julie comes into my office. I lock the door behind us.

"I see Emma is rather attractive and seems to be wearing some leather. Don't tell me you haven't thought of her and come home with your engine revved up."

"She's okay. I really don't think too much of it at the office."

Julie came over as I stood behind my desk, climbed up on it and started to pull my cock out of my pants.

"What are you doing?"

"Just so you remember who butters your bread."

With that she went to town on me sucking me off in a matter of minutes as I watched her leather covered ass bob up and down. I came down her throat and she swallowed every drop. We got cleaned up and went to lunch.

When I returned from lunch Emma followed me into my office and closed the door. I could tell she was pissed. 

"You wife blew you didn't she?"

"So? We're married if I didn't let her she'd think something was up."

"Something is up."

"What, you want your husband knowing? This is not a relationship -- we made that clear, this is sex."

"Maybe so but you have more to lose than I do."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means my husband knows we're fucking. Hell, he'd love to watch you fuck me while he jerked off in the corner. Hell, he's my slave and he does what he's told."

I stood there not sure whether to believe it or not. 

"What are you trying to say Emma?"

"Watch this." She said. She threw a DVD on my desk and walked out. I put it in my computer and it was her blowing me in the Playroom at my house. I put my head in my hands. My computer beeped. She sent me an instant message and said, "Don't think that's the only copy."

I stood up, walked over to the cabinet, poured a glass of 20 year old Pappy Van Winkle and stared down onto Michigan Avenue wondering how the fuck I got into this mess and how the fuck I was going to get out of it...