 Although he tries to keep himself in quite good shape in what free time he can manage to get, the stress he goes through at work is tiring on his body, however on this particular day, being in good shape just wasn't enough. 

It was a Tuesday afternoon, and already the week was starting out to be very long, he just wasn't feeling like himself today, his body aching, and he was just down right tired. He works diligently throughout the day, then out of the blue as he went to bend down to pick something up, he felt this awful shooting pain in his back. He lets out with a sudden sharp shriek, and stands very slowly, the pain was radiating down through his lower back and into one leg. He knew what the pain was, as this wasn't the first time this has happened to him. He had been out of work with this for some time a few years ago. He tried to walk it off, but it just seemed to get progressively worse. 

He made his way to his desk, called his doctor and made an appointment for 2:00 that afternoon the last appointment of the day for a complete physical as well as to have his back checked. 

"I might as well just have it all done and get it over with while I'm there." He thinks to himself. 

Arriving at the Dr.'s office about 10 minutes early, he was greeted by a new nurse that he hadn't seen before. She wasn't very tall, only about 5'3 by his calculations, with Dark hair, and the sexiest brown eyes he has ever laid his eyes on and a smile that would melt any man's heart. 

Verifying his information with him, he confirms that all is still the same, yet something for him at that very moment wasn't the same, he had himself a little (well not so little problem) developing inside his pants, having himself a seat he only had to wait approximately 5 minutes, when the door opens and there she stands, calling his name to show him into the exam room. He didn't move very quickly for two reasons, one, he had stopped moving and when he went to move he hurt, and two because he was now taking in this beautiful specimen of a woman that stood before him. She called him yet again and this time placing his hands on the arms of the chair, he slowly stood himself up. Seeing the wince of a painful expression on his face, she walks over and offers to help him. 

Now most men might think that there is no way in hell that a woman is going to help them, its an ego trip with them you know, but in his case, he is in pain, not dead and certainly not a fool, to have a woman that looks as good as she does him, oh hell yeah he was going to take full advantage of that. Walking toward her slowly, she reaches out to take a hold on his arm, just lightly placing her hand onto his back, he moans softly yet quickly turns into a throat clearing so she wouldn't pick up on what he has just done. . Following him into exam room 1 she closes and locks the door although he didn't realize it, and asks him to have a seat up on the table.

Once he is seated and safe, she introduces herself to him and begins to gather pertinent information needed for the doctor, turning her head their eyes meet, and his head begins to swim.

"What brings you here to see us today?"

"Well, uh...a couple years ago I injured my back, and today I wasn't doing much at work, but I somehow lifted something the wrong way and I seem to have reinjured it."

"Oh I bet that must really hurt."

"Yeah it most certainly doesn't feel too good that's for sure."

"Well I will need to look at it so I can chart for the doctor the approximate area of injury, but before I do so, I need to check your vitals." She walks toward him, his heart begins to race, she reaches over onto the table on the side of him and retrieves the thermometer. Holding the probe in her hand she looks at him and winks.

"Under the tongue please." She asks in a very sexy tone. Opening his mouth she places the probe under his tongue. "I see according to your chart, you're also here for your annual physical." He just nods his head in agreement. "Well you sure look pretty healthy to me," she whispers as she slowly runs her nails up the outside of his leg. I will need you to remove your shirt for me so I can finish checking your vitals; I need to check your blood pressure, and listen to your heart and lungs. I will give you a few minutes to get yourself situated. Turning around her back now to him, she unbuttons the top 4 buttons on her scrub top, exposing a good amount of her cleavage for his eyes to see. As she turns herself back around to see if he was in fact ready, in trying to do what she has requested, she could see the painful expressions on his face as he moves his arms in certain ways. As his eyes came into contact with her breasts, he let out with a sudden loud moan. 

"Here, let me help you, I can see your in a lot of pain." 

"Oh no...really its alright I can do this, you don't have to do it for me I will be fine."

"Oh nonsense, that's what I am here for, I am here to help, now don't say another word, you just relax and let me help you." Moving in closer to him, she slowly places her hands onto his thighs, running her nails over them lightly. Gently she runs her nails on the insides of his thighs and lightly up over his balls, and now rock hard shaft. Looking deep into his hazel eyes she winked at him.

"Looks like someone has another problem besides his back injury, I might have to check this one too before the doctor comes in."

"Oh my lord, if you do that again there's going to be an even bigger problem. Isn't the doctor do to come in here soon?" He lets out in a shriek. 

"As soon as I tell him you are ready for him, and I put your chart outside the door, but until then no. Now why don't you just go ahead and lay back for me and let me examine this other problem that you seem to have." Laying him back onto the table, she slowly unbuckles his belt, opening his pants, and slowly and very gently unzipping them. Taking a hold of the waistband, she lowers them down over his hips, as his erect, throbbing cock stands tall now released from his boxers, her eyes grow to the size of silver dollars as she checks out the beautiful piece of love steel that he has been blessed with. Wrapping her fingers around it, she lightly runs her tongue over the tip, licking the pre-cum from it, swirling her tongue over the tip, as she trails her tongue all around the head. His body begins to squirm as she sucks the head into her mouth, stroking his shaft slowly she locks her lips around the head and sucks on it like a lollipop. His hips hunch forward, as he feels his orgasm approaching rapidly. 

Grabbing onto the back of her head, he just can't hold back what he's been feeling, as his hips begin to gyrate, pummeling his shaft in and out of her pretty little mouth, faster and harder she begins to suck, wanting all what he's holding inside.  

"OHHHHHHHH FUCK YESSSSSSSSSS SUCK IT HARDER, HARDER BABY I AM ABOUT TO CUMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!" as her sucking gets even harder, his body begins to shake, almost convulsing and with one last deep thrust, he shoots all his hot thick cum deep into the back of her throat. Swallowing all that he has just released to her, she continues to suck, getting all that's left, sucking him dry. The head of his cock now extremely sensitive, and his body jumps one last time as she plants little baby kisses directly on the tip. Getting herself back together, handing him a jonnie, she walks up to the top of the table and whispers in his ear, "Wait till the doctor has finished with you, you will have to see me one more time." Leaning down to him she kisses him softly, as she takes his chart, unlocks the door and walks into the hallway to inform the doctor that his patient is now ready for his examination.

Gee baby, what will your naughty little nurse do to you once that doctor is finished? You just wait and see baby.