 A ray of light pierces the darkness of the room, sneaking in through the fortification of the blinds covering the window. The simple room is dominated by a bed covered in ruffled blankets, showing their use from the night before. Protruding from the sheets is the head of a young woman with long, flowing brown hair forming a halo on the pillows above her head. The ray of light creeps its way up the bed and comes to rest on her beautiful face, making her look angelic in its radiance. She awakens and covers her eyes to protect them against the offending beam of light. Yawning, she stretches her lithe, supple body with catlike grace before becoming momentarily lost in thoughts of her dream. Suddenly something strikes her. She looks down and slowly peels away the layers of sheets and blankets, revealing the beauty of her agile body. The young woman slowly runs her hand down her body and slides her finger into her pussy. She withdraws her finger, slowly savoring the feeling, and brings her hand up to her face to look at the substance coating it. She silently curses her indiscretion as she realizes it is a mixture of vaginal juices and cum, before nostalgically drifting off into memories of the night before.

She was feeling lonely, so she decided to stop in at a local bar to seek companionship. She received admiring glances from many of the customers, something she had come to expect. She began drinking, taking advantage of the kindness of several men, as well as a lady or two. With the first drink she lost her inhibitions, as most people do. By her third drink she was beginning to feel tipsy, and a little horny. She quickly lost all sense of time, and all her self control, and became fairly drunk. Soon a handsome man offered to driver her home, and she gratefully accepted, but silently added that there would be more to it than that.

Arriving at her place, she invited him inside, an offer he could not refuse. Once inside pushed up against him and kissed him passionately. Having caught the man off guard, she maneuvered him to the couch and fell upon him. She continued their passionate kiss, while sensuously grinding herself against him. They continued for an eternity before her lust overtook her, and she frantically tore off his clothing, and then her own. Suddenly, he took control, grabbing her and putting her on the couch so he could kneel reverently between her legs. He slowly licked up her inner thigh, driving her further into the depths of insanity with the heat of her desire. He gently licked her labia, barely glancing them with his tongue, while holding her down against her fervent attempts to push against him. He licked gently up and down her labia several times, then circled around her clit, being careful not to touch it. She begged and pleaded for him to let her cum as he teased her mercilessly. Finally he sucked her clit into his mouth and flicked it rapidly with his tongue, causing her to explode into a mind shattering orgasm almost instantly. Her entire body arched as she desperately tried to press herself against him as hard as possible, her chest heaved, and she screamed with all her might but no sound would escape her breathless body. She collapsed from the force of her cum, and he ceased his tender ministrations.

She gasped for breath and recovered from her exhaustion. Her juices continued to flow from her pussy, slowly leaking down her firm ass and onto the couch. She slowly began to massage his cock with her smooth, soft foot while she reveled in her afterglow. She swung her legs around, stood up, and grabbed him by the arm, dragging him into the bedroom to continue their fun.

She lay down on the bed and pulled him down on top of her, whispering into his ear to plant sexy suggestions for their encounter. Feeling the urgency of his own need, he thrust inside her with a mighty push that drove her against the wall below the window. The suddenness of his assault caught her off guard, and she screamed in pleasure. She lost herself in her state of bliss as he alternated between roughly pounding her and slowly, gently sliding in and out. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him deeper into her as she reached her second unbelievable orgasm of the night. He lost control of himself, locked in her death grip as her sweet, warm pussy milked his cock. She screamed for him to cum deep inside her, and he obliged with great ecstasy pumping blast after blast of sperm against her cervix. She passed out from the force of her orgasm, and he covered her with the blankets before gathering his clothes and leaving.

“Fuck”, she mutters. “How could I be so careless?” She had gone off the pill the week before when her boyfriend broke up with her. She sprang out of bed and rushed to the calendar on her wall, two weeks since her last period. She cursed loudly again, fearing the price of her inhibition, knowing she had probably been knocked up by a sexy stranger she would likely never see again.