 Ingie Ch. 1: The Meeting

This will be the first story in a series. While I do not know how many I will write, all of the stories are true. They chronicle my yearlong relationship with a lady who was my sexual soul mate. I have changed only the names and a minor detail or two that I cannot remember as I put them down on paper. I hope you enjoy them as much as I did, both in reality and in telling them.

Her name was Ingie and I thought she was the answer to all my dreams when I met her. I was 48 and she was 46. But I am getting ahead of myself. Some background first.

My name is Pete and after two failed marriages and several short term relationships, I was almost sure that I would never find a lady with whom I could spend the rest of my life with and who was as kinky as I was sexually. I had realized at a very young age that I enjoyed many aspects of sex that most people never even think about or are aware of. But I never seemed to be able to find the right person and wound up marrying two ladies who I thought were as into growing and experimenting sexually as I was. Alas, in the end it was not to be!

So, when I met Ingie in the wonderful city of Portland, Oregon via a popular Internet dating service, I almost could not believe it at first. When we met for coffee on a Friday night in early April, we hit it off so well that we talked for 7 hours about almost everything. And we made a date for two days from then which just happened to be my 49th Birthday. It was one of the most interesting dates that I have ever had. Because she loved to learn how to use power tools and had always wanted to learn to weld, I thought it would be a neat thing if I showed her how. So, she came over in her grubbies on that Sunday and I spent an hour or so showing her the basics of MIG welding. She was pretty good at it for a novice but I was anxious to take her to dinner and to get to know her better. So she changed into a very nice dress and blouse and we headed out to my favorite Moroccan restaurant.

Dinner was wonderful and the more that we talked I realized that I was very drawn to this woman. We eventually left the restaurant and went to a great little teahouse where we continued to talk. Eventually we got around to the subject of sex and I discovered that she was very open to trying almost anything and considered herself very sexual. As it was starting to get late and she had to work in the morning, she asked me what I would like to do.... I looked her in the eyes and told her that I wanted to take her home and make passionate love to her! She smiled and laughed.... and then said, "we'll see". We drove back to my house where we talked for another hour or so as I sat on a stool in the kitchen and she stood in front of me in between my legs. As she talked I would run my hands up and down her back and nuzzle my face against her breasts. She kept saying that she needed to leave but her body was telling me otherwise. We eventually started to kiss allot.... slowly at first but then more passionately with our tongues exploring the farthest reaches of each other's mouth's. My cock had been rock hard for a long time and she was slowly grinding her belly against it. I was getting very hot for her and you could tell she was too. She went to say something and became tongue-tied.... I told her to "spit it out" and she smiled back at me and said, "I never do".... and that was it..... her coat came off and we headed down the hall to the bedroom.......

I watched as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse and revealed her very sexy black lace bra... her eyes never left mine.... and there are no words that can describe the unbridled lust that I saw in those green eyes.... and then the bra was on the floor and I moved forward and took one of her pencil sized nipples into my mouth.... her breasts were not huge and age had taken some toll but those nipples were so sensitive.... as I was sucking on her nipples, she was taking off her dress and my hands encountered a very skimpy thong as I ran my hands over her slightly plump ass. As I was caressing her ass and teasing her nipples to a full half-inch in length, she was starting to moan and unbuckling my belt and pushing my pants to the floor. 

As soon as she had gotten my pants around my ankles, she pulled my shirt up and over my head, leaving me in only my briefs. As we wrapped our arms around each other, both of us almost totally naked, her body felt like it was on fire. I looked down at her and she slowly stuck out her tongue and ran it across her very full bright red lips. I could not resist taking the middle finger of my right hand and sliding it into her mouth. As I did, she sucked my finger in until it could go no further and I felt like I was touching her tonsils. I knew then that I could not wait to get my cock between those lips. My left hand had found her pussy and even through the thong I could feel the incredible heat and the wetness. Without a word, Ingie sank to her knees and took my briefs with her as she went down. I thought that she would immediately slide my rock hard cock into what I knew would be a very hot mouth, but I was wrong. Instead, she grasped my 8 incher at the base and began to rub it all over her face, occasionally stopping and running her tongue up the underside and all around the head. Her eyes had glazed over and she seemed to be focusing only on my shaft. This incredible woman took her time licking every inch of my cock and balls as well as briefly flicking her tongue around my asshole before she looked up at me and told me that she wanted me to pretend her mouth was her pussy and for me to grab her hair and force my cock into her mouth. I was stunned but way to hot to disagree! As I reached behind her head and grabbed her hair with my left hand, I pointed my saliva coated glistening cock at her wide-open mouth. I cannot describe the heat and the softness as my cock slid in. She immediately began to work at taking as much as possible down her throat and I could feel her tongue caressing my shaft as she sucked very hard. I knew that I would not last long. Initially, I was afraid of hurting her so I started to go slow but after several minutes of this she stopped, took my cock out of her mouth, and told me that she liked it when things got a little rough and that she not only wanted me to "cram my dick deep and hard" into her mouth but that she wanted me to "coat her face with my cream". I knew then that this woman was for me! So I did as she wanted. I crammed all 8 inches of my very hard cock into her mouth and used her hair to push and pull her head back and forth. It was an incredible site to watch as she drooled all over my cock as it pistoned in and out of her mouth. I lasted only a couple of minutes more before I pulled my cock out and bent her head back so she was looking right up at me as I erupted long goopy strings of cum all over her face. As soon as the biggest squirts had landed, she jammed her mouth back down over my cock and the sensation was almost unbearable as she sucked the remaining cum from my balls. Then she slowly took my slightly softer cock and rubbed it all over her face before she surprised me by taking her long black silky hair and cleaning my cock with it. 

As I looked down at her smiling face that was glistening with my cum, I told her that I wanted to taste her pussy. She quickly stood up, backed up to the bad and I pushed her backwards so that she was on her back with her hips at the edge of the bed. I swiftly knelt between her thighs and pulled her thong off. I was confronted with an almost completely shaved pussy that was clearly very wet. I immediately buried my face in her hot pussy and found her very swollen and huge clit. As I ran my tongue up and down her slit, I used my thumb to rub her clit and this caused her to grind her cunt against my face. Suddenly, she asked me to stop and wanted to know if I had any dildos. I reached into the dresser drawer and took out two different ones. She selected an 18 inch black one and then told me to continue eating her pussy. As I gladly buried my face back between her legs, I heard her say that when she comes she "squirts". I looked back up at her face for a moment and saw that she had taken the dildo and was sucking about 6 inches of it into her very talented mouth as she pinched her nipples with her other hand! I immediately started to alternate between licking her hot cunt and lightly biting her clit while I used 3 fingers to fuck her hole. Her juices were literally running down her thighs at this point. As I attacked her hot cunt, I felt her start to tremble all over and as her hips pressed up very hard into my mouth, she screamed she was coming! I stayed with her and felt a strong stream of hot fluid hitting my face as she continued to thrust her hot cunt into my mouth. As she slowly relaxed, she would have "aftershocks" when I would flick my tongue over her very prominent clit. I looked down and realized that there was a wet spot on the bed about a foot in diameter!

As we relaxed, I thought that the evening was over. It was almost midnight and her job at a local university required that she be there during regular hours. But as we came down from this incredible sex, she told me that she wanted to give me something really special for my birthday. So of course I was not going to say no and she then told me to lie at the head of the bed and to lean my back against the wall in a semi sitting position. Ingie then laid on her stomach with her face in my crotch and slowly proceeded to gently suck my cock until it was again rock hard. I will never forget the sight of her lust filled face as she gorged on my rod! I thought that her plan was to just drink my cum but again I was wrong. After she had me really going, she reached down between her legs and ran her hands all over her cunt and then wiped the juices on my cock and told me to jerk off for her while she gave me my "present". As I started to stroke my cock, Ingie pushed my legs way apart and buried her face between my legs. The next thing I felt was her tongue probing my asshole! I couldn't believe it and after several minutes of her incredible and talented tongue licking and sliding in my ass, I screamed and shot a geyser of cum straight into the air! The first couple of spurts came right back down on her face and she managed to get her mouth over the head of my cock to catch the rest. As I came down from this unbelievable orgasm, Ingie lovingly licked my cock, balls, and asshole clean. 

It was now almost 1 AM and we had been going at each other for over two hours and I still had not had the pleasure of burying my cock in her hot hole. But it was time for her to go and I knew it would not be long before I got to fill her cunt with my sperm. I even had a feeling it would not be long before I had my rod buried balls deep in her ass. I helped her get dressed and I threw a robe on and walked her to her car in front of the house. We kissed for several minutes before she slid to her knees, opened my robe, and took my very sore and semi-hard cock all the way in her warm talented mouth. She got me very hard and did not even stop when several cars drove by. I could not believe it but I felt like I was going to come for a third time in such a short time. And after about 3 or 4 more minutes I did, pulling out at the last minute and from about an inch away from Ingie's nose, let loose several reasonable sized squirts that coated the lower part of her face and started to drip onto her blouse. She stood up, kissed me hard on the lips, slid her cum coated tongue into my mouth, and said "till next time".

Then she drove away leaving me standing in front of my house with my robe hanging open, my dick in the wind, and my cum dripping on the gravel. 

What an unbelievable birthday!

* * * * *

Next up: Ingie: Part II - The Rope

Genuine feedback is appreciated, especially from horny single ladies.