 I met Cary while I was out riding my motorcycle.

Actually, I more or less ran over him. Cary was kind of a crazy SOB, he rode his bike like there was no way for him to ever be hurt.

So when I was in the air coming over a jump and looked down to see Cary taking a shortcut across the back side of the berm, there was just no place to go.

The track we rode at had rules, those applied to everybody except Cary, it seemed. We were never supposed to cross the track, and certainly not on the far side of a blind jump.

I tried to lift the rear wheel, succeeded some and clipped his rear wheel on the way down.

The result was me ass over teakettle, I relaxed and tried to roll but the landing was still a shock. I lay there trying to catch my breath, my right leg was already warning me.

Broken for sure.

"Oh, shit man! I am sorry!" I heard the voice, looked up at this guy all dirty and bleeding from some scratches on his face.

"That was fucking stupid, man!" I growled at him.

Cary stayed right with me, they loaded me up and hauled me off to emergency. The X-rays showed a clean break on my right leg, so they tugged at it trying to kill me for awhile, then wrapped it up in a cast.

It was a wonder I didn't break my damned back.

They rolled me out the door, handed me some crutches. Great, here I was, no car, no money, no way back to my shitty apartment.

My bike was back at the riding park, probably in pieces and gone by now.

I was pretty sure my job down at the shipping center shoving boxes around was gone, the company I worked for had no sense of humor at all.

They had just one allowed excuse for not showing up for work. You had to be dead and even then they required two weeks notice.

I sat there realizing I was fucked. No real family, in the city for just 3 weeks from the farm in Ohio meant I had nothing and nowhere to go.

Then Cary walked up.

"Need a ride?" He asked.

"Yea, that would help." I growled again, still mad at him.

He left and rolled up a few minutes later with this big Dodge Magnum. He helped me into the passenger seat, I spotted my bike in the back on it's side, his was back there, too. He loaded my crutches and off we went.

"You live here?" He asked as we pulled up in front of my place.

"Yea, it's a shithole but all I could afford."

"Hey fuck that. Why don't you come and stay with us, we have lots of room. At least until you heal up."

I didn't have to think very long about that, I had a half loaf of bread and some Tuna fish, rent was due in two weeks and my check would cover that, but barely.

Then I was all done.

"OK." Was all I said.

"Good. And don't worry about the hospital bill, I already paid it." He grinned at me and off we went with a squeal of the tires.

I noticed quickly that this guy drove like a damn maniac, it was foot to the floor or stomp on the brakes. The thing had some kind of noisy big engine in it, too.

I gave my seat belt an extra tug.

My leg was hurting like hell by the time we turned off the highway and down a single lane paved road that ended in front of a huge house. Landscaped, sprinklers running, a big circular driveway out front. One hell of a place.

I was wondering what I had run into here.

"I own a company, we make engine parts." He said, answering the question before I asked it.

"Does pretty good, too. I inherited it when my Dad passed."

Well, that explained the huge house and some of it. Cary was a rich kid, lucky bastard. I looked at him, he was about 30, maybe 3-4 years older than me.

"Darla!" He yelled as soon as we got in the door.

"We got company!"

I looked up and this dark haired woman walked down the stairs. I just stared, she was one of those kind of women that takes a person's breath away.

She looked like she had just walked out of a beauty shop, makeup perfect and just a hint of it, every hair exactly in place. She had on a pair of snug shorts and a light halter top. I saw a glint of light from her navel, some kind of jewelry. Her stomach was flat as a pancake, the shorts low enough the beginnings of the "V" of her pelvis was visible. Her bust wasn't huge, but her breasts were high and obviously firm, that halter top outlined them perfectly.

I stood there with my mouth open, my dick already starting upwards at the sight of her.

"Now what did you find this time?" She looked at me and smiled. 

"This is Danny. I kinda ran over him, or under him, I guess. Anyway, we wrecked, my fault."

She looked me up and down.

"He's cute!" She smiled. It was like I was some kind of puppy Cary had brought home, she inspected me up and down with her eyes.

"Does that hurt?" She gestured at my leg encased in the huge cast.

"Yea, a little." I said, managing to find my voice.

I looked around for Cary, he was already gone. I looked back at Darla, unsure of what was next.

"Come on, let's get you settled." 

She took my hand and led me to a side bedroom off the main floor. It was twice the size of my apartment. A big bed was in the center, a bathroom off the side, widescreen TV, even a small fridge and telephone. There was even a computor and one of those modern flat screens sitting on a desk.

"I hope this will do, I would put you upstairs but with that leg...." She flashed that big smile again.

I was thinking that this would do just fine.

I was settling in, figuring I would need to go get my clothes and a few things from my apartment. I knew I couldn't keep the place, no money, but at least it would be easy to move.

Everything I owned would fit into my two suitcases, and my bike was already here. I didn't own a car, since I relyed on the busses that ran all the time.

Then Cary knocked on the door, came in.

"I have the shop picking up your bike, they will fix it. Do you need me to pick up some of your stuff, I can send a crew over?"

"Sure, thanks." I handed him the apartment key.

Cary pulled a phone out of his pocket, said something. A few minutes later two big men came in, got the keys and left. They were back in an hour with my worldy goods. Each one of them carried one small suitcase.

I wandered out to the main room, Cary was sitting watching a huge wall mounted TV, some motorcycle race was on.

"Have a seat, make yourself at home."

I looked around, there were lots of choices.

"Oh, I paid your rent for a couple of months, we will see how it goes."

"OK. Thanks." I settled into one of the big leather chairs, it was soft and comfortable.

"I want you to know I really appreciate...."

"Hey, no need. My fault you got hurt." He dismissed that with a wave of his hand.

Just then Darla came in carrying a tray, she looked again like she had just had herself done up top to bottom. She had on a different outfit, slacks this time with a soft white blouse open enough to show a large expanse of her upper body.

No hint of a bra, her breasts moved nicely with every step.

She leaned over to set the tray down, her top gapped open showing a huge expanse of bare breasts, another inch and they would have been totally bare.

Cary caught me looking, I blushed.

"Great tits, huh?" He laughed.

"Uh...Yea..." I answered lamely, blushing at getting caught.

"Look at her all you want, she likes it, don't you honey?" He patted her behind and grinned.

Darla giggled, then took the empty tray and went into the other room. I swear her hips swayed more than they needed to, she knew we were looking.

"You will get used to Darla, she is one hot momma!" Cary said.

Later we sat down to a meal, served by kitchen staff. I ate things I didn't know existed. I was pretty sure if that kept up I would be packing on some pounds.

Cary and I went back into the living room, sat down as Darla came in with some tiny pale orange looking drinks. I had no idea what it was but it tasted good, with an almost oily texture.

Two of those had my eyes starting to cross, I waved off on the third one.

The evening passed uneventfully, later I went to bed and slept the sleep of the dead. The Sun was shining in the window when I woke up. I used the bathroom, then stepped out into the hall just in time to almost bump into Darla.

Her hair was wet, she had obviously just stepped out of the shower. She had a short towel wrapped around herself that was big enough to just barely do the job. The single knot at the top mashed her perfect breasts, the gap left her all but bare to maybe an inch above her crotch.

"Oh! Excuse me!" I said.

"Morning, Danny! Did you sleep well?"

"Yea, that bed is amazing!" I stumbled, trying hard to not look her up and down.

"Yes, nothing like a good bed for a good night's sleep." She smiled again, then turned and walked down the hall towards the stairs.

I watched as she climbed the stairs, she didn't look back. More of her bottom showed with each step, she reached the top and turned towards her upstairs room, both of her unblemished buttcheeks clearly on display. I got a quick flash of a perfect bare slit as she turned.

I took a deep breath, went into the kitchen looking for some water.

"Hola!" A pretty mexican woman in an apron was in there stirring something on the stove.

"Hola!" I replied, the one spanish word I knew.

"Hablo Espanol, Senor?" She asked.

"Uh..No..Sorry?"

"OK. I will use english." She said, with no hint of an accent at all.

"Can I get some water?"

"Sure, sit here." She gestured to a chair at a small table.

She brought me a glass of water, asked if I was hungry.

I realized I was, in fact a side of beef and a few pounds of spuds would probably get me started.

"Yes, I am. Do you have something handy, easy to fix?"

"Whatever you like." She smiled sweetly.

"Maybe some bacon, eggs, potatos?" I asked.

"Sure, how about a steak and some eggs, will that do?"

That would do just fine.

In just a few minutes she set down a plate with a T-bone steak a full inch thick, three eggs sunnyside up and perfect, some hashbrowns nice and golden brown with chives sprinkled on top.

The eggs were sprinkled with something yellow, so I asked her what it was.

"Tumeric." She said. 

"I hope you like it." She gave me that dazzling smile again.

I was so interested in the food I never really noticed her blouse was unbuttoned one too many until she set down a large glass of Orange juice.

I had a perfect view of a nice round breast capped with a dark nipple.

That flustered me a little.

"Miss, your top is undone." I pointed out, being the gentleman.

"Maria. You may call me Maria, sir." She smiled, making no move to cover up.

I think I blushed.

"Mr. Walker likes it this way." She said, with a toss of her head. Then she went back to the counter, busied herself.

OK. Mr. Walker likes it that way?

I was beginning to understand. All of the help I had seen so far was young, pretty.

Well, except for the two guys that gathered my gear. They were basically just muscles.

Just then Darla came in, I was finishing the last mouthful of steak and glancing at Maria from time to time, the truth being I was hoping for a repeat peek or two.

Darla had on a white fuzzy robe and I was pretty sure from the looks of it that that was all she had on.

She sat down, asked Maria for some scrambled eggs.

"Well? Are you comfortable, is there anything you...need?" She asked me.

I tried not to read the dual meaning into that, but I was beginning to think I had died and woke up at the Playboy mansion.

Darla crossed her legs, causing the robe to open, showing an expanse of leg all the way up her thigh. The robe was loosely tied, again the tops of her breasts were on display. She reached out to pick up her cup of coffee, for a moment all of her left breast came into view, then back out of sight as she sipped the drink.

Two bare nipples in the space of 10 minutes and my body was reacting with a mind of it's own.

A few moments later she moved her legs again, the robe gapped further. My eyes dropped down, she was obviously completely shaved. I tried to avert my eyes with no success.

Darla smiled, tipped her glass back, making no move to cover up. That pretty much did it, I sprang fully erect.

I got up hoping she wouldn't notice.

"He is so cute!" I heard her say to Maria as I went out.

Cute? Now that was twice she had said that.

Then it hit me, she was taking a shower earlier, why downstairs in the one off the hallway instead of upstairs? There was also a shower in my bedroom, so probably there was one upstairs, too?

Why would she come downstairs? It had to be deliberate.

Cary came in, all he had on was a pair of shorts. I had to admit he looked like he was in shape.

"I need to go to the office, just help yourself to anything you can find." He had a T-shirt in one hand, pulled it over his head. He glanced down at the bulge in my jeans, then looked over at Darla and just grinned.

"Well, bye." Darla slid out of her chair, giving me another quick peek as her legs opened. She gave Cary a peck on the cheek and left.

"Just tell Maria if you need anything." Cary said.

I nodded, he went back out the door. I heard the roar of his big Dodge, then it was just me and Maria.

I was stalling.

"Can I get you anything else?" She flashed that big smile.

My leg itched, I tried to scratch it without much luck.

"So where is everyone?" I asked, still hoping for another peek down her blouse.

"Probably out by the pool." Then she retrieved a long wooden spoon, leaned over and began to scratch down inside my cast.

There they were again, beautiful breasts on display. Not even a hint of modesty, she had to know I was getting a spectacular view.

"How is that?" She asked at me after a few seconds, her dark brown eyes fathomless.

"Fine, thank you."

I got up with some reluctance, wandered out by the pool. It wasn't small, that was for sure. There was even a whirlpool off to the side on one end.

I couldn't go in the water, so I found a deck chair and leaned back. The sun was up nicely and it was already warm.

"Want a drink?" I heard Darla's voice behind me.

"Sure!" I sat up and turned.

Darla was standing there holding a pitcher of what looked like orange Juice.

All she wore was a tiny thong.

"Uhhhh...." I managed, cleverly.

"Oh. I hope you don't mind. I like to sun myself."

"Uhhh...No, it's...Uhhh..It's OK."

Lord.

She sat the pitcher down on a small table between us, handed me a glass. I took a sip, it was Vodka and Orange juice. Good Vodka too, no trace of the bitterness that cheaper stuff has.

"Oil me up?" Darla said, holding out a tube of sunscreen.

"OK." I said after a moment's hesitation. I suddenly felt bashful.

She tripped the catch on the side of her deck chair, laid it down flat. Then she rolled over on her stomach, tucking a small cushion under her arms which she folded under her head.

I spread the oil on her back and shoulders as she lay there and almost seemed to purr.

"That feels so good!".

Yep. I had to agree. A couple of times I reached down to tuck myself around, this woman was getting me hot!

"Do you mind doing my front?" She asked, rolling over before I could answer.

I had my courage up now, I didn't mind at all.

I spread the oil, being careful to avoid her nipples. I have no idea why, just being a gentleman I guess.

"Get the tips too." She grinned. "Otherwise they might burn."

"OK." I spread some oil on her nipples, taking my time rubbing it in.

"You are playing." Darla said, after a few minutes, grinning at me.

That made my cheeks flame, I guess I was playing.

"Sorry."

"It's OK, I liked it." She lay back and closed her eyes.

Lord.

I was sitting sideways and hunched over a bit to hide the bulge in my pants, and that was making my leg start to hurt.

I had barely managed to get myself reasonably back to normal when Cary came out on the deck. He always seemed to be going wide open.

"I thought you were going to work?" I asked him, noticing he was still wearing short and a T-shirt, feet bare.

"I did. Everything is taken care of."

"So? Getting some Sun, huh?" He laughed, checking out Darla who was leaned back, her bare breasts shining from the oil I had spread on her.

"Uhhh..Yea." I blushed again. Just a few seconds before I had been oiling up his wife's nipples and he acted like that was an everyday thing.

"Hey, I am going to get a massage, want one?"

"Massage? I never had one before."

"Come on, you will love it!" With that he was gone back through the doors. I struggled up, grabbed my crutch and followed.

Cary was standing in the main living room talking to someone on his cell phone. He closed the phone and stuck it in his pocket.

"20 minutes, we have time for a shower and quick soak."

Off he went again down the hall. I was struggling to keep up.

We went down the long hallway to a room I hadn't seen before, it opened into a main area that was a sauna and shower room. There was a big walkin shower, a huge hot tub off to one side. 

Cary was standing there naked by the time I got there.

"Come on, hop in!" He said, slipping into the hot water.

"I can't, I have this cast...."

"Oh, right. Man, that thing is a pain in the ass, huh?"

He reached over to the little nearby shelf and pulled his cell phone out of his pants again, said a few words, then put it back.

It wasn't a full minute before a cute little oriental gal walked in. She wore a nurse's smock, actually conservative compared to what had been going on so far. She was dark haired, and tiny, not even 5' tall.

"Hi, Amiko. Dan needs a bath." He told her.

"OK, boss." She just turned to me and led me to a nearby table. She quickly spread out a sheet, told me to undress and get on.

I hesitated, she stepped up to me and tugged my shirt off, then tripped my belt and had me sit back as she pulled my shorts off. There was a bit of a struggle as she worked it down over the cast. I was acutely aware of my half hard cock hanging out just inches from her face. Then she helped me up on the table, acting like it was perfectly normal to have a completely nude man in front of her.

Hell, maybe it was normal.

The table was actually a shallow bathing tray, the intent was obvious. There was a spray hose there, she started it, testing the water on her forearm. Then she grabbed what looked like a coarse cloth and began to scrub me.

She soaped up my hair, rinsed that, then scrubbed my back, chest, arms. She reached out and lifted my testicles, scrubbing them too. She ignored my now mounting erection, just soaped me up and rinsed me off. Even right into the crack of my ass, pushing first one leg back, then the other. Then she used a blow dryer and a towel to dry me off.

"OK. All clean." She put everything away and was gone, just like that. I sat there with my head spinning for a few minutes.

"You guys ready?" A woman's voice came over a nearby intercom, I hadn't even noticed that.

"Sure." Cary said, climbing out of the tub and drying himself off with a towel.

Two women walked in, they might as well have been twins. Both were blonde, both were dressed in light blue nurse's smocks, open at the throat. Both were carrying portable massage tables.

I tried to cover up, I was sitting there naked. Cary just walked over to them and helped them unfold the table, he was also completely naked. I expected some kind of reaction from the girls, there wasn't any.

They quickly spread some sheets, then stepped back. Cary climbed onto one table, I managed to struggle up onto the other one.

"What happened to your leg?" One of them asked.

"I ran over him with my bike." Cary answered before I could open my mouth.

"OK. I will be careful." Then her hands were on me, and in just a few seconds I was in heaven.

About 20 minutes or so into the session the woman working on me told me to turn over. As I did, I got a glimpse of Cary. The other woman had his erection in her hands and was busily sliding her hands up and down. He had his eyes closed, I watched fascinated, never having seen that before.
