 Sleep enfolded them in a world of sensuous wonder. There was an aching pleasure enveloping them. they cuddled close, warmth and the moist witness of their loving became a balm of sensuality. Their bodies still spasmed…. aching was eased, but hunger crouched in their loins with a molten heat. They began to breathe as one. It was the sigh of a gentle summer wind. The whisper of the sea and the cry of the sea gulls swept them into a mystical world of fantasy.

She awoke after a time, still snuggled in his embrace; She moved not, lest she ripple the mirage of her imaginings. He was a lion in the shade of his tree, satiated with the hunt and feast of the day. His heart beat an ancient rhythm, and she wondered at this. How strong he was, and oh, the vulnerability to be with him. 

She lingered at the memory of their lovemaking. He had touched a place inside of her. A trigger of emotion and sensuality, mixed with some strange thing. She became almost an animal with him. Like his lioness in the jungle, and she felt bruised at their loving, yet alive…hungry still. The ache within her was but the echo of a deeper hunger unfulfilled.

Her flesh was alive with heat, and her soul on fire. She had noticed when she first saw him that he walked like a cat. Light and smooth. She smiled at that as she gently stroked his stomach. Then she remembered when he looked into her eyes. His gaze sought the deeper place. He had seen it, but she moved away from that look. Not flirtatious, but searching. His touch was a symphony of passion and intensity of emotion. She was not a novice at the passions of the flesh, but he had awakened something so deep inside of her that her soul and body were at once in conflict and at peace. She became wet just smelling him there.

She reached down and began to stroke him and give life to the vine. He groaned softly, and yet he was still in the afterglow of satiation and slumber. She tasted her fingers and was at once aroused at the man scent and the silky wine that began to flow from the vine. She eased lower and took him in her mouth. He was very large, yet not fully aroused as yet. She took him deeper and deeper until she had engulfed him completely. It was then that he growled. A deep rumble that vibrated thru his body…. She trembled….stroking him harder. Hot steel in her hands. 

She eased atop him and covered him with herself. She had engulfed the pinnacle and he was hot and hard within her. He gripped her tightly and drove himself deep within her so that she cried out. He held so close to his chest that she was trapped in his embrace. He moved with his own rhythm and she rode the wave of his passion at his will. Then he eased back and came awake and growled again.

"I thought I was dreaming."

She raised herself and rocked slowly, making him cry out and tremble. Somewhere at a deeper place that felt a ripple of tiny spasms; she had begun to climax; a series of electric shocks that made her cry out and move against him with abandonment. He pulled her against his chest and he was so deep within her core that she felt both pain and pleasure at the same time. She was coming in rivulets of pleasure that made her moan; a mounting intensity that caressed her soul and ravished her body. With tender cries, they were so much a part of the other in this journeying twilight that time stopped to pause at some new thing that creation had missed. The beauty of creation is in the newness of something never seen or experienced before. 

A cry, and tears of joy; Then, he came with an intensity that frightened her. At first she tried to get away, but he held her close and drove into her fiercely and with such an intensity that she climaxed yet again. He lifted from the bed and arched his back and growled loudly. She first thought of the neighbors and then she didn't give a damn. He was a king in his jungle, taking his pleasure with his queen. They came together with urgency and desperation; they were one together; they touched the sun, they rode the comet through the heavens; they wondered at this reality, that they were looking into each others eyes as they came and seeing the child within and the animal at the same time, and it was good and right to see both. Few have this window into soul and the flesh. Wonder; flashes of the galaxy; the whisper of angel's wings and then …peace. 

A gentle sighing and the cooing of love; Tiny spasms; the aftershocks of their passion; the tender stroking and the rending of soul and spirit, body and sexuality. The uncoiling of the serpent and the cooing of the dove; their life was now spent and they were comatose; a tracing of letters in the symbolic sand of intimacy that few even care to explore, and then blessed sleep. Only the whisper of angels wings could be heard as the sun began to kiss the horizon and the sea with shades of gold and crimson.

He held her hand to his face and gently kissed her fingers. One by one he stroked his lips along the tapered edges, and speaking into her ear he whispered, "If you pull down the moon, then the night will slip away and the sun will kiss the sky."

She pulled herself close to him and purred, "I want this night to be all that it can be", and she nuzzled his neck and sighed, "I don't want it to ever end." As candlelight danced along the edges of midnight, they began to feel the heat of chemistry as yet unknown to either one of them.

His lips on hers were warm and his kiss was deep. She arched her back and he felt her tremble. He pulled her close, and held her like a second skin, the contour of their bodies as one fresh. He breathed in her soul and she gasped as she heard angel's wings…

"I want you very much," he said," I need you forever." He stroked her hair and breathed in the scent of White Diamonds, and she whispered, " I want you too." Then she looked into his eyes and saw a love that was fathomless. He saw her child self and yet she was unafraid.

Their lovemaking was an experience unknown to either of them. Souls on fire, and bodies a flame of fire. Passions unleashed that were tapped too long. Wondrous was the exquisite sensation...a rebirth, a symphonic ecstasy that led them to heights unknown...unexpected. Skaters on ice… a dance of eternity, touching Eden.

Her body was soft like rose petals and yet warm like fire. Her scent was like that of a lioness in heat, and his, the heartbeat of the jungle at midnight. He was strong, and yet sensitive. Not domineering…and yet, there was an animalistic heat in him that made her feel weak and vulnerable. She fought it, but she wanted him to dominate her…yet protect her and nurture her. They rose to the stars and touched the edge of creation. They were joint heirs of a new level of human loving...feeling... they were kissing the rainbow of time unknown.

When she cried out, he held her close, and she felt so free. Every fiber of her being became electrified. She spasmed then and groaned, without being able to control the rippling convulsions of her body. She grunted with animalistic cries, and was lost in a world of release. As she clung to him, he was moved by her passion. A volcanic rush began at the core of his soul and he was carried upon the crest of a wave so vast and endless that it began with time past and touched the very edges of eternity. Their hearts beat as one; they rode the whirlwind, and wept with the joy of their loving.

As the dawn stroked the morning with light, they lay curled together in each other's arms, tears drying on cheeks, and they experienced a womblike peacefulness, having touched a new reality.

Sleep came with a soft cloud of wispy dreaming, for they had traveled the galaxy. They had bonded spiritually, emotionally and sexually, and they were one with all that is good in the universe.