 I have lived in the village all my life, as have my parents. It is a nice place to live but sometimes it felt suffocating, everybody knows everybody’s business and rarely new people came here. This is why I can remember the exact date when I first saw her 28th August 99.  I was walking to the local shop when I saw a removal van outside Old Mrs Thomas’s cottage; it had been empty since she passed away 2 years ago so I was surprised to see anyone there. As I walked by, a sandy haired man a few years older than me stepped from behind the van and said “Hello.”

I introduced myself and we exchanged pleasantries, he said his name was James I pointed to my house and told him if he needed anything my wife and I would be happy to help. 

Just then a Springer spaniel came bounding up the path followed by a young woman in the tightest T shirt I have ever seen, her breasts were without the confines of a bra and were jiggling up and down as she tried to catch the mischievous puppy. As the dog tried to run back indoors she turned quickly and bent over to scoop him up, I could only stare at her long shapely tanned thighs topped by an amazing firm arse sheathed in stretchy white shorts I could see no evidence of any underwear. I could feel my dick thickening in my shorts.

As she turned back to face me her face was lit up with a shy smile, she looked like she was in her early 20s, her long silky hair was the colour of chestnuts , her innocent eyes were big and blue. “This is my wife, Sammy” said James. I smiled at her and stroked the puppy in her arms, which was nuzzling against her soft breasts.

From then on I watched her when I could. She walked her dog past my house at 8am every morning and 7 pm in the evening I often made excuses to be in the front garden at these times to say hello and watch her firm juicy buttocks stride past.  I have always spent Thursday nights in the local pub with my friends. We get together moan about work and our wives, tell dirty jokes and just get rid of the stresses of the week. It is normally a quiet pub, with just us blokes and the usual old regulars that sit next to the fire smoking their pipes and drinking Guinness. But tonight was different it was one of the school teachers Birthday. I recognised her because my son had been in her class last term. The pub was full to bursting, the air was full of acrid purple smoke and the music was playing loudly.

I spoke to a few people as I made my way to the bar, I ordered my drink an then I saw her sitting on a stool next to the bar, surrounded by 3 or 4 of my friends. I could tell they were trying to impress her boasting about who had the better job and the biggest house. I paid for my drink and went over; she was wearing a short black skirt, high heels and a sheer black top. I smiled at her and she winked back.

My eyes drifted up and down her young body her ripe tits were straining against the fabric of her top, as I watched her, her nipples hardened I licked my lips and looked around, my friends were still boasting to each other and hadn’t noticed our connection. I glanced at her face it was full of desire and staring at my hardening crotch, she uncrossed her legs slid off the bar stool and waved at a girl who had just come in the door, as she did this her skirt slid up her thighs revealing lacy stocking tops and an inch of creamy skin. She smoothed down her skirt and glanced at me and smiled a wicked smile, my dick was now fully erect and straining at my flies.  I excused myself and went in to the men’s room. It was cooler in there; I looked hopelessly at the urinals and headed to the cubical. I locked the door and rested my head against the cool tiled wall, the throbbing in my pants didn’t subside, so I ripped open my button flies and pulled my penis out of my boxers, stroking it firmly I imagined her licking me slowly at first then taking my huge swollen knob in her lipsticked mouth smearing the red makeup down to the base. 

I grab a hand full of her soft hair and hold her head steady as I fuck her mouth; her innocent eyes look up at me and wink. She fondles my balls and grazes a finger against my anus. As I come I steady myself against the wall, I close my eyes and can see it splashing on her face in her hair and on those beautiful hardened nipples.  looking down and am pleased to see that I managed to catch all the spunk in my hand, and my jeans had no tell tale marks on them. I wash my hands and return to the bar, she is still there. I order another pint and offer to buy her one too, she accepts a gin and tonic and then excuses herself and heads to the bathroom. 

I order two double gins, a tonic and a pint of larger, when I think no one is looking I mix the gins together and add the tonic.

When she returns we talk properly for the first time, she is very funny and flirtatious. I watch her drink her gin and quickly buy her the same again. As the night moves on I notice her speech slurring and she starts swaying in her seat. I buy her one more drink which she gulps down and then offer to walk her home.  Outside the fresh air hits her and she leans on me, she seems very young, I start to wonder whether she was a virgin bride and if she has had much experience. The thought of her being fucked makes my trousers stir again. I ask her how old she is. “24.” Is her reply, I smile to myself she was 12 years younger than me.

We take a short cut over a field, the grass is damp and dewy, when we reach the other side there is a cobbled alley, to one side are some old barns on the other is a dry stoned wall and more fields. She finds it difficult walking over the cobbles in her stilettos so I turn around and wait for her to catch up, as she comes near she stumbles and falls against me

he smell of her perfume is sweet and arousing. Her hand brushes against my thigh, my dick feels like it will explode, I can’t help myself I grab one of her tiny wrists in each of my hands and push her towards the wall of the barn, I pin her arms above her head and kiss her full lips firmly. To my complete surprise she opens her mouth willingly to my snaking tongue, but I still didn’t let her go, I roughly parted her legs with my knee, she moaned gently and pressed her cunt upon my thigh she was as horny as hell. 

I let go of her wrists my lips moved down to her perfect neck, I could feel her pulling her skirt up, I looked down to see her pretty legs, appearing even longer in those spiky heels and black hold up stockings, she had neglected to put on her panties so I was greeted by the magnificent sight of her smooth hairless pussy, its juices glistening on her lips.

I looked into those innocent eyes as she dropped to her knees and began to open my buttons one by one, she gasped as she took out the whole length, She started to suck me off, greedily forcing my weapon into her mouth as far as it would go until I could feel it pressing against the back of her throat. I could see her hair falling down her back reaching her soft full arse which was resting on the long heel of her left shoe. 

She took my penis out of her mouth and started to lick my balls swirling her tongue around like she was licking a melting ice-lolly, drawing them gently into her warm inviting mouth, I could feel them tensing up ready to shoot their load. Pulling her to her feet I kissed her again, could taste my precome on her lips. 

My hand went down to her shaven mound; I could feel her moisture dripping down her legs, sliding my middle finger between her lips and found the secret hole. As my finger entered her she let out a long deep sigh, I pulled out a little way and added my index finger as well, working them in and out until I found a rhythm that suited her, my other hand lifted her top over her breasts and stoked those dark hard nipples, I bent down to lick them the cold air making them like tiny rocks, as I bit them gently she came, her juices flooding over my hand. Her vagina tightened squeezing my fingers she pulled roughly on my hair and moaned loudly.

Her knees began to give way so I ushered her over to the dry stone wall, turned her around and bent her over it. Her bare arse looked flawless in the moon light, her tits squashed roughly against the stone.  I moved her legs apart and crouched down to lick her smooth slit drinking all her come as it spread around my face, I flicked her clit with my tongue until I could hear her softly moaning again Gently I grasped her arse cheeks in my palms parting them as my lips kissed their way up to her forbidden anus.

As I forced my tongue into the tight hole I could hear her egging me on telling me how she loved been fucked there. I stood up and spat on the crevice and watched it dribble down her crack, I spread it about with my finger and then slowly inserted it into her tightest orifice. I could hear her stifle a scream as I worked it in up to my knuckle, I couldn’t tell if they were screams of joy or pain. As her muscles relaxed the way was much easier and I added another finger and then another, until there were four fingers up that stretched little hole. She had obviously done this before.

I removed my hand and put my swollen prick against her sopping vagina, pushing it roughly inside her, she was shocked at my force, I was humping her like a crazed animal, I could hear her stockings and top ripping on the wall. My hand found her engorged clitoris and I savagely pinched it between my finger and thumb. She bit hard on her lip.

I withdrew as suddenly as Id entered her leaving her breathing heavily, stroking my ridged shaft across her backside and lightly over her puckered anus until I felt more in control, she was begging me to fuck her up the arse, I teased her until she said please then I dipped my knob into her sweet fanny for some more lubrication and then presented it for entry into her dark, tight ring.

Her muscles clenched at first making the entry painful, but I eased myself in inch by inch until she was full, reaching forward and found her fleshy sex and inserted two fingers so she was pierced front and back. We rocked steadily for a minute until all resistance had vanished, then I withdrew my ridged shaft almost completely then plunged in deep, she cried out my name in pure ecstasy and pushed back wanting more. I drove in again and again feeling waves of pleasure washing over me my dick exploded shooting my hot semen up into her back passage. 

We walked home in silence, still shaking from the intensity of our adulterous fuck. Her clothes were ripped, her hair was tousled she looked like she was in shock, but when she looked at me with those innocent eyes I knew I had to have her again.