 This is my first submission of an erotic story. Feedback is welcome.

All characters in this story are fictional. Any similarity to actual persons is coincidental. This story may contain descriptions of activities that may be offensive to some readers. If you are offended by descriptions of sexual activity, including non-consensual sex, infidelity, loss of one's virginity, sex between people of the same sex and/or "casual" sex between people who are not in a monogamous relationship, please do not read any farther. All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age or older. 

*

As Amanda entered the elevator to go up to her room, she felt her high heel slip between the lobby floor and the elevator. It sent her tumbling to the floor. Steve put himself between the elevator doors to stop them from closing and helped Amanda to her feet.

"Are you alright?" Steve asked.

"I think I twisted my ankle," said Amanda, "I'm not sure I can walk."

"Here, let me help you."

"I feel like such a klutz."

"It was a pretty wide gap your heel went into. I'll speak to someone with the hotel about it."

Amanda tried to take a step but was unable to put any weight on the foot. She leaned against the railing in the elevator and her head was spinning. "I feel kind of woozy. I think maybe I drank more than I realized at dinner," she said.

"It's no wonder. You eat like a rabbit. You have to get some real food down you sometimes," Steve replied, "Come on, lean on my shoulder, I'll help you."

Amanda didn't argue. When the elevator arrived at her floor, Steve put his arm around her waist and helped her down the hallway. Amanda's room was quite a ways down the hall. She liked to book her hotel rooms as far away from the elevator as she could so that the noise at night wouldn't keep her awake.

When they were about half-way down the hall, Amanda leaned against the wall and said, "I'm not sure I can go much further. It's really tender."

"Here," Steve said as he scooped Amanda up in his arms. "I'll just carry you the rest of the way."

"Oh!" Amanda exclaimed. "Put me down!"

"You're fine. It isn't that far."

"You're going to hurt your back."

"Please, I've carried grocery bags heavier than you."

Amanda slapped at Steve's arm, "Asshole."

Steve laughed and continued on down the hall. Amanda had her arms around Steve's neck and she caught the scent of his smell. As it filled her nostrils she felt a slight tingle deep inside her. She laid her head on his chest, closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. Something about his smell definitely set off a few fireworks inside her.

When they arrived at her door, Steve set her down, took her key and unlocked the door. He picked her back up and took her over the threshold. The door shut behind them as he set her on the bed. Steve propped two pillows up and then swiveled her feet onto the bed.

"Let me take a look at that ankle." Steve undid the strap on her high heel shoe and carefully removed it. "It's starting to swell, I'll go get some ice," he said.

"I'm sure it will be fine," Amanda replied.

"It won't take but a minute to get some," Steve said. He grabbed the ice bucket and headed out the door.

Amanda laid back and closed her eyes. Steve was such a gentleman, always had been. Her head was spinning and she wished she hadn't had that last glass of wine. She and Steve had managed to close the deal on a big contract for their company. Her commission check this month was going to be really nice. She considered herself lucky to have a great co-worker such as Steve. They were on the road together at least 20 weeks out of the year so it was good to know that someone would look out for her.

When Steve returned with the ice, Amanda had dozed off. He got a towel and filled it with ice and gently sat on the bed. When he laid the ice on her ankle, Amanda startled awake "Oh! You scared the shit out of me!"

"I'm sorry, Amanda. I tried not to wake you. How is your ankle feeling?"

"It's still throbbing a little bit, but it feels much better. Thank you."

Steve took off Amanda's other shoe while he held the ice pack on her swollen ankle.

"I don't know how you stand around in these things all day, every day," Steve said.

"It's certainly no picnic," Amanda replied, "My feet and calves hurt like hell every night."

They both laughed. "Here, I'll make myself useful while I'm holding this ice pack on," Steve said as he began rubbing her other foot with his spare hand.

"Oh...you don't have to do that Steve," she said.

"It's no problem, just relax. It might make you feel better."

Amanda leaned back and closed her eyes for a bit. Her head was spinning inside but she concentrated on the feel of his hands. Steve massaged the bottom of her foot and he would firmly press his thumbs into her aching arch. It felt really good. Steve switched over and pressed into her injured foot.

"Does that hurt?" Steve asked.

"Not at all," Amanda replied. "Actually, it feels really good."

She knew that the rubbing was probably going further than it should have but she didn't want him to stop. Her husband Mark would rub her feet all the time. Of course with him, it always seemed to lead to sex. She often wondered if he didn't have some sort of foot fetish. She never complained because she loved to have her feet rubbed, especially after standing on them all day long in high heels. Sex with your husband was a given so scoring a foot rub along with it was a home run in her book. Of course, this was not what Steve was about and that would never happen.

Amanda felt the bed move and her feet being picked up and then coming to rest on something soft. She cracked one eye open to see Steve, facing her while sitting cross legged with a pillow in his lap. Her feet were resting on the pillow. Steve was working her feet and ankles over. She quickly closed her eyes again. What was she going to do? This had now gone beyond a friend helping with a sore ankle and had moved to a more intimate encounter. As woozy as she was, she couldn't let this go on.

"Thanks for taking care of me Steve. My ankle feels much better but you don't have to keep rubbing my feet."

"It's no problem Amanda. I don't mind rubbing them. I bet your feet ache something horrible."

"Well, yes they do Steve but I'm not sure my husband would see this as a just a friendly gesture."

"Oh please. I'm just trying to help a friend get through a rough week. How long have you known me?"

"About seven years. Why?"

"In all of those years, have I ever come on to you?"

"Well, not that I recall."

"Exactly. Now just relax and enjoy your damn foot massage!" he chuckled.

He was right. In all of that time, he had never once made her feel the least bit uncomfortable. She thought maybe she was just over-reacting. Still, this would not be something that she would offer up as conversation to her husband. To him, this may be construed as crossing the line.

"Ok, if you put it that way then. Rub away!"

Amanda closed her eyes and let out a deep breath. She felt Steve's hands running deftly over her feet. His hands were soft but gentle and strong. They were very different from Mark's hands which were calloused from his pipe fitting job. She noticed little differences in the way they massaged her feet. Mark would pull and squeeze her toes while Steve would run his fingers between her toes and give them a slight twist. This new technique felt very good but she didn't know if it was because it was just new and different or because it actually felt better. She suddenly wondered why she was comparing the two different styles of the men. They were not on the same plane. Mark was her husband, best friend and lover while Steve was just a co-worker and friend.

As Steve continued the gentle assault on her feet, Amanda became more and more relaxed. She concentrated on how good the massage felt. She chose to forget who was attached to the hands that were making her feel so good. A moan escaped her lips.

She felt hands begin to work themselves along her calves. Her body was relaxed and her mind was slowly spinning. The hands were no longer attached to a face. She was just enjoying the tranquilizing feeling.

The hands worked her kneecaps and behind her knees. Fingers would press firmly and run down her calf to her ankle. Amanda didn't realize just how tense and sore her legs were, but the hands were changing all of that. They moved above her knees. Her dress shifted upwards to make room for the hands. Fingers pressed and squeezed the tired muscles. Another moan escaped her lips.

One hand left a thigh and joined the other, one working the front of the thigh, the other the bottom. They would squeeze upwards, away from her knee and toward her groin, and then they would switch to the other thigh. Ever alternating, the hands moved upwards, closer each time to her most intimate parts. Amanda's skirt was now around her waist, hips fully exposed. The hands pressed deeply into her hips, turning the tense muscles to putty.

Amanda was lost in her massage. The room was spinning and her body was relaxed. Her mind focused completely on the hands. She could smell her own juices permeating the air as the heat rose from between her legs. The hands slowly unzipped her skirt and pulled it down and off. She felt the hands working the buttons on her blouse one by one. Goose bumps rose as she felt the fingers deftly undo the front clasp of her bra. She sat up slightly to allow the hands to remove the blouse and bra from her body and then she lay back down. She lay there only in her panties now, trembling. She could feel the cool air hit her nipples and tighten. Her breath was growing short and shallow.

The hands came to her hips and slowly slid up her sides to her breasts, squeezing them together. She felt her nipples grow even harder as palms slid across them. Hands cupped her breasts and fingers pressed into her flesh. Lips surrounded one of her nipples and sucked it inside. Excitement rushed through her and down to her hot, dampening pussy. Her aroma was intensifying and so was her breathing.

As the hungry mouth continued to assail her sensitive nipples, the hands moved softly up her hips and grasped the top of her panties. Slowly, the panties peeled away from her, down past her knees, past her ankles to finally be completely freed from her feet. She was completely naked. She felt vulnerable but eager. Her pussy was flowing with juices. 

The hands began again. Fingers moved between her toes, twisting and pulling and then moved slowly up her feet. This time they applied gentle pressure to the inside of her legs as they were slowly spread apart. All Amanda wanted was the touch of those hands. They moved gently upwards, caressing her inner thighs. Moving outwards and upwards, sliding extremely close to her vagina, they massaged her hips one again. The one area they had quickly passed was the one area she desired them most. The hands slid back toward her thighs and Amanda raised her hips, "Oh please, God. Please stop and touch me there," she thought to herself.

On the next trip upwards, they still didn't stop, but they did slide right over her waiting vulva. One finger sliding between her lips and across her clit. Amanda shivered and let out a moan. One hand came back and again the finger slid along her slit. Her pussy was dripping with juice and it needed attention. Amanda moaned her approval.

Soon she felt her knees rising and being spread apart. Her feet were planted on the bed. Fingers massaged her vulva and teased her clit. Amanda felt her juices running freely down to her ass. Two fingers entered her and the palm cupped her pulsing vagina. Just when she didn't think it could get any better, she felt the soft tongue slide up her slit.

The tongue danced deftly around her clit, darting and teasing while the fingers worked inside of her. The fingers would curl inside her, gently stroking her rough G-spot. Two lips would surround her clit and suck it in deeply before pulling away. The tongue would lap at her juices and then attack her clit again.

Amanda could no longer control her actions. Her hands reached down and gripped the hair of the head between her legs, pressing it tighter to her love box. Her hips were thrusting, trying to push his fingers deeper inside of her. She was matching the fingers rhythms. Her clit was engorged and her entire body was begging for release. She would not be able to hold back much longer. Her breathing was heavy and shallow as her orgasm built deep insider her.

"Oh god! I love those fingers! Fuck me with those fingers! Eat my fucking pussy!" Amanda panted. "I want it. Don't stop!"

Amanda's thighs came together and clasped Steve's head. Her whole body was quivering and her hands pulled at his hair. "Fuck! I'm cooooommmmmming!"

Amanda ground her pussy all over Steve's face. Her orgasms were coming repeatedly and she didn't want them to stop. "Oooooh shiiiitt. Fuck yeah! Oh fuck, eat my fucking pussy! All of it!" Amanda screamed. She squirmed and gyrated, using his nose as a makeshift cock. She rode his face until she could no longer move.

When Amanda finally caught her breath and the twitching subsided, she looked down at Steve. Her pussy juices were covering his entire face and he had a shit-eating grin. This man, who was not her husband, had just given her the best damn orgasm she ever had in her life. She had a feeling of regret but lust was overwhelming her. Amanda grabbed him and pushed him over onto his back. She ripped his shirt apart, buttons flying across the room. He removed it while she went to work on his pants.

She quickly undid his belt, unsnapped his button and slid down the zipper, releasing his bulging cock. She stared at his excitement while yanking his pants down and off. She never wanted cock more than she did right then. She jumped between his legs and grabbed his stiff cock. The tip was soaked with his pre-cum. She brought her lips to the engorged head and tasted it. It was sweet.

Amanda sucked the swollen head into her mouth and stroked his shaft. Her mouth was flooded with his sweet pre-cum. She stroked and sucked, imagining his seed inside of her. She wanted to straddle him and feed her hungry pussy that hard ass cock but a far off voice was telling her that would be a bad idea. Pregnancy would not be easy to explain to a husband who had a vasectomy. 

Amanda pushed his knees up near his head and he held them there. She ran her tongue down his shaft, and one at a time, sucked his balls into her mouth, all the while pumping his cock with her hand. Her tongue flicked around his asshole and she felt his cock stiffen further. Amanda reached down between her legs and slid her middle finger into her sopping wet hole. She brought it back up and smeared it across his tight asshole. She did this repeatedly until everything was well lubed and then slowly inserted her finger into Steve's ass. She drove her finger deeper and deeper, pumping his ass. Amanda went back to his cock, sucking in the swollen head, pre-cum soaking her mouth. She began to stroke his cock with one hand while finger fucking his ass with the other. Amanda wanted his cum inside her and there was more than one way to do that. It didn't take long before she felt his cock expanding inside her mouth. She saw his balls pull in close to his body and knew she was about to get what she so craved. 

"Oh, fuck yeah. I'm about to come!" Steve yelled.

The first explosion shot inside her waiting mouth. She plunged her finger into his ass as far as it would go. His cock was pumping semen into her mouth with each convulsion. She swallowed between each spurt and continued to stroke him to get every last drop. 

"Holy shit!" Steve exclaimed. "Swallow it all baby!" 

They collapsed in exhaustion. Steve pulled Amanda up to him and held her in his arms. They snuggled silently for a bit. As the time ticked by, Amanda began to question what she had done. She felt some remorse for what she just did but she also felt an excitement that she hadn't experienced since before she was married. 

"Oh my God that was good," Steve suddenly broke the silence. "No one has ever done that to me before."

"Give you a blowjob?" Amanda asked. 

"No, licked and finger-fucked my ass."

"I've never done that before either," Amanda smiled sheepishly up at Steve. "I have no idea where that came from."

"Well, it felt awesome. Have you ever had someone do that to you?"

"No, my husband would never do anything like that. I've tried to get him to be adventurous every once in a while, but he just would not go there. He said that was an exit, and only an exit."

"I'm sure I know someone who could help you experience that," Steve said with a wink.

"I don't think this was a good idea Steve," Amanda said remorsefully.

"Why not?" Steve asked?

"My husband is a good man. I feel horrible betraying him like this."

"The way I look at it," Steve said trying to lighten the mood, "Is that if he doesn't want to claim it for himself, then maybe someone else should!"

"Oh Steve," Amanda laughed, "You are so silly."

Amanda got out of bed, put on a robe and walked over to the window. Steve watched her silently, admiring her shapely figure. He hadn't intended for things to go this far, but he was glad they had. After a few minutes, Amanda turned to him.

"Maybe you're right Steve," she said.

"About what?" Steve asked.

Amanda opened her robe and dropped it to the floor. She saw a wicked smile cross Steve's face as she said nervously, "Maybe it should be claimed."