  Tiffany's therapy surprise 

In Tiffany's previous story about the Practice, her parents convinced her to have counselling after discovering her new obsession. Doctor Love identified flirting and teasing men was her way of dealing with the memories of a painful first sexual experience. Tiffany's treatment continues but she uncovers a different course of therapy and surprises Doctor Love with a proposal he couldn't refuse.

I have Mummy and Daddy to thank for being a Guest of the Practice. The treatment by Doctor Love has been wonderful and helped me cope. But I still blame René for needing counselling. He was a French exchange student I met at university. I fell for his gorgeous looks and foreign charm. I mean, he was hot but I regret ever having sex. There was no intimacy and he wasn't interested in me. I was just his bit of fun. René even laughed hearing it was my first time. The smirk when bragging I was his 'seventh foreign slut' still haunts me.

'Like a Coke?' Maddisyn kindly offered as I curled up on one of the two couches in front of the fireplace.

'Sure, love one thanks,' returning her infectious smile.

Maddisyn manages the Practice and gave my parents a tour for a review. They were impressed. It sounded more like an exclusive club for woman than a medical clinic. As soon as I stepped inside, I knew it was costing Daddy a fortune. Park Crescent is well known for its historic terrace homes. The Practice is one of the many beautifully restored buildings converted into professional suites. Each room has lovely period features and exquisitely furnished with period furniture and furnishings. Today's my fifth session with Doctor Love.

Maddisyn soon returned and handed me a bottle, slipping off her heels and also curling up on the couch opposite with a Coke. 'How's Uni going?'

'Good but getting crazy with exams in a couple of weeks,' I replied feeling more at home than in the Sitting Room of the Practice.

It's a gorgeous room for relaxing before an appointment. Hardly a waiting room, nothing about the Practice reminds you of a medical clinic. A white marble fireplace is a feature where Guests can sit and enjoy a drink on the luxurious couches.

'What did you have this morning?' She continued.

'Accounting reports and analysis,' I grimaced.

'Finance wasn't my best subject at Uni but our accounting system isn't that bad. You'll be okay,' she reassured me with a confident smile.

I enjoyed seeing Maddisyn and attending the Practice despite the need for treatment. It wasn't the incident with René that prompted my parents to register me. I was too ashamed to mention what happened. It was my recent obsession with flirting and teasing men. Many old enough to be my father. I've never known Daddy to get so upset when he found out about me flirting from a friend. I felt more embarrassed for Daddy than myself. It wasn't a big deal and I assured them nothing happened. It was just a little game I enjoyed playing.

'It'll be good starting my marketing major next semester,' I mentioned.

'I think you'll have a flair for it,' she smiled.

I soon realised how lovely Maddisyn was on my first visit to the Practice. I was anxious enough about discussing such a trivial matter, but then gripped with fear realising we wrongly assumed Doctor Love was a woman. Maddisyn has such a kind and gentle soul and reassured me that he was a charming older man and I shouldn't worry. I'd never felt so close to a person I hardly knew. About five years older than me and in her mid-20s, Maddisyn's been more like a big sister than the Practice manager.

I appreciated her comment and company. 'I'll be joining the family business when I've finished the degree.'

Mummy and Daddy are jewellers. Daddy calls me his 'little jewel'. That's how I got my name, Tiffany. Not Tiffany the exclusive jewellers, but still a very successful business all the same.

'I've hung your clothing bag up in the Guest Lounge,' Maddisyn mentioned.

'Thanks, I smiled. I'll get changed in a few minutes.'

'Want help with your hair and makeup?' She kindly offered.

I accepted with another smile. Maddisyn's tall and attractive with a gorgeous figure and I love how elegantly she dressed. She was wearing a white open neck blouse with a dark blue jacket and matching knee length skirt. I enjoyed catching up and our little chats. I was wearing my normal Uni gear but liked to dress up to see Doctor Love and Maddisyn usually helped me get ready. The Practice is that sort of place.

'I must get back to work,' slipping her heels back on and going to her desk at the other end of the room with her dress swinging to the rhythm of her steps.

I look forward to seeing Doctor Love as much as Maddisyn. As soon as I saw his charming smile and how his eyes lit up when we met, I knew Maddisyn was right. I've never been so relaxed or enjoyed a doctor's appointment so much. May be a little too much. I couldn't help myself, giving him a demonstration of my best flirting. Blessed with a great body and angelic looks, I knew all the flirting tricks to tease and arouse men. It didn't faze him. It got me excited. Why did he have to be so gorgeous? I often remind myself he is my doctor.

His counselling was amazing. Doctor Love's in his late 50's but there's a definite connection between us. I never felt embarrassed about our intimate discussions and he wasn't judgemental about my flirting. We explored the incident with René and he helped me make sense out of my parent's concerns. I discovered it made me wary of young guys and subconsciously attracted to more caring father figures. The flirting and teasing is my reaction to the incident, a game of taking back control over men and not pursuing sex.

Finishing my drink, I caught Maddisyn's attention. 'I'm going to the Guest Lounge to change.'

'I'll join you in a minute,' returning my smile.

The Lounge is off the Sitting Room and I felt a little thrill of excitement as I went to prepare for Doctor Love. It's a lovely room for Guests to get ready for their session and I enjoy using the luxurious facilities to look nice. There's a spa set in a wrap-around window with a private court yard garden view. Another room is used for massages. A dressing table with a large mirror has a selection of perfumes and cosmetics. I stripped down to a pretty pair of white lace panties and bra I'd carefully chosen.

Maddisyn knocked at the door before entering. 'Ready?' She smiled.

'Make me beautiful for Doctor Love,' I joked.

'I don't have that much time,' she teased back, causing us both to giggle.

Maddisyn makes attending the Practice so much fun. I sat in front of the mirror and she sat on a stool with wheels opposite me and to the side so I could see my reflection. Maddisyn used some of the lovely cosmetics and started doing my makeup.

'It's funny you know, getting made up to see your doctor,' I commented as she applied some moisturiser.

'Many of the Guests do. They like looking their best,' she replied while adding foundation.

I smiled remembering the first time I met Doctor Love. He's such a gentleman and looked distinguished in an expensive three-piece suit and tie. What excites me the most is how comfortable I feel with him during our sessions. I've even fantasised what he would have been like for my first time, lying in bed with my hands roaming over my breasts and between my legs to satisfy an intimate need. I was getting wet just thinking about it.

'It's probably because he's so charming,' I sighed as she set the foundation and added blush on the centre of my cheeks.

'I've heard a few Guests mentioned that,' she laughed, almost to herself.

Brushing the blush upwards a little, 'Like the colour?' Maddisyn asked.

'Perfect,' I softly answered, keeping as still as possible.

Turning her attention to my eyes, Maddisyn applied some eye shadow and then liner with a pencil and finally mascara on my eyelashes.

'What about something bold for the lipstick?' She asked showing me a bright red.

I smiled and raised my eyebrows causing Maddisyn to softly laugh. She outlined my lips with a lip pencil and applied the lipstick then finally handed me a tissue to blot my lips.

Maddisyn took the tissue and raised her eyes to mine looking pleased. 'How's that look?'

'Wonderful. Thank you. It's like having a big sister to do makeup with,' excitedly checking out my reflection in the mirror.

My comment brought a broad smile to Maddisyn's pretty face. She's very attractive and it must be lovely working with Doctor Love. I sometimes wondered if there was something between them. I wouldn't be surprised. I certainly found him attractive, despite being much older. Just the naughty thought of them being lovers was adding to my arousal. Maddisyn got off the stool and went behind me to brush my hair.

'Do you like Doctor Love?' I asked holding her reflected gaze in the mirror.

'I like working with him. He's lovely and a gentleman and so caring and professional,' she smiled at the mirror.

'You know what I mean. I know I'd be tempted,' I grinned.

'Tiffany, please. I don't have a thing for Doctor Love,' laughing rather than being shocked at my frankness.

'You know, I'm getting horny just thinking about our session,' I admitted with a sigh of arousal.

'Get in line with the other Guests,' she continued, causing us both to giggle at the innuendo.

'I usually play with myself at night after a session. He's just so gorgeous,' I admitted.

'He has a way with the ladies, extending the word ladies and rolling her eyes had us both laughing. But I shouldn't talk about other Guests.'

The intimate discussions and having fun with Maddisyn had me in a particularly playful mood. I slipped my hand between my legs and discovered how wet I was through the fabric of my panties.

'It'll be an early night tonight I bet,' causing us to continue to laugh and giggle.

'What about now?' She asked, again with her crazy eyebrow expression.

'What? Here? Now?' I softly laughed, a tempted smile slowly forming on my lips.

'Slip off your bra,' she encouraged with an excited expression.

I've always been a little rebellious, enjoying naughty things I shouldn't. I unclasped my bra and removed it, allowing my breasts to spill free before flinging it onto the dressing table. I felt a lump forming in my throat and my heart was racing as I looked at Maddisyn's reflection.

'You have beautiful breasts,' Maddisyn breathed, holding my gaze in the mirror as her hands glided over my shoulders.

My breath laboured with the first touch of her warm hands as they cupped the softness of my breasts. I felt my nipples sprouting between her fingers as she gently kneaded and fondled. Whimpers of delight escaped my slightly parted lips as Maddisyn gently squeezed my erect nipples between her fingers. The warm and moist sensation built in my pussy as her soft hands caressed and teased.

'That's so good. I think you've done this before,' I muttered.

'You should have one of my wicked massages. Guests love them,' she almost panted, sharing my arousal as she pleasured.

Lifting my heavy eyes to the mirror, my face was consumed with pleasure as Maddisyn caressed my breasts while gazing at our reflections. My hand ventured from the armrest of the chair and fingers trailed down my stomach and towards my white lace panties.

'Oh God,' I gasped as my fingertips discovered how wet I'd become, stroking my pussy through the sodden fabric.

'Go on,' Maddisyn encouraged.

I slipped my hand inside the waistband, through my neatly trimmed curls and began teasing my aching clit in slow circles. Lifting a leg over the armrest provided access to run a finger through the moist furrow of my opening. My whole body tingled and I sighed with the sensation of Maddisyn's teasing hands and my finger gliding over the pooled wetness.

'Feel good, doesn't it?' Maddisyn whispered in my ear.

'Yeah,' I simply sighed as my eyes softly closed.

I sensually moaned while biting my bottom lip. My finger traced the moist lips of my intimate opening before returning to tease my aroused and sensitive bud with the moistened finger.

'Uh, uh, uh,' I gasped as Maddisyn rolled my nipples between her fingers and thumbs.

It was the perfect balance of pleasure and pain my own hands hadn't even mastered. I was consumed in the moment and began feverishly stroking while gazing back at Maddisyn through a lust filled haze.

'Cum for me little sister,' Maddisyn moaned at my reflection.

I could feel the climax building. The sensation of our caressing hands and fingers was pushing me to the edge. I began to writhe in the chair and gasped for breath as the feeling surged through my body. Maddisyn held my quivering body against the chair, cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples.

'Ooh, yes, yes, yes,' panting heavily with my heart pounding in my chest and squeezing my thighs together as I rode out the last waves of the orgasm.

'Nice orgasm sis,' Maddisyn teased, causing us to shriek and laugh like children.

'That was wonderful,' I smiled as Maddisyn handed me my bra and helped clip it for me.

Slumped in the chair, the reality of what had happened stirred me from the state of bliss. Maddisyn helping me masturbate to orgasm was surprising enough. But her comments, Guests getting in line and loving her wicked massages, also puzzled me. The Practice was more and more intriguing. Then there was the bedroom off Doctor Love's suite I'd passed through a few times to use the ensuite. Was there more to the Practice than the opulent facilities and wonderful service? The answer so bazar to be true yet excited me to the core.

I turned around in the chair and held Maddisyn's gaze. 'Are some Guests having sex with Doctor Love?'

Maddisyn paused and I saw the answer in her eyes. 'Is this where you tell me again you can't discuss other Guests?'

'Yes,' she simply replied, obviously answering both questions.

Silence filled the room that had been full of laughter, moans and sighs of pleasure. What I'd uncovered really didn't shock me. There has always been some mystic about the Practice and the charming Doctor Love but it still left me wondering how to respond.

It felt like an eternity as Maddisyn stared at my blank expression. 'It's not what you may be thinking, she finally mentioned. It's sexual therapy.'

'Lucky Guests,' I reassured, rolling my eyes and giving her a cheeky smile.

I sensed Maddisyn's relief and my mind drifted to how things would have been different with Doctor Love for my first sexual experience. René lacked the maturity and understanding to provide the intimacy and tenderness that I desired. It was all about getting sex. He wasn't interested in pleasing me. Doctor Love is different. He's kind, caring and a charming gentleman. I knew it would have been wonderful despite the age difference. He is a sex therapist after all. The thought of sexual therapy was amusing my mind.

'How's that look?' Maddisyn smiled after finishing my hair and touching up my makeup.

'Lovely. You can make me beautify,' I joked, causing us both to laugh.

'You're beautify even without makeup,' she smiled and then started to clean up.

I started to get dressed and noticed Maddisyn leaving. 'Oh Maddisyn, thanks.'

'My pleasure. Enjoy your session,' rolling her eyes and both of us giggling as she left.

I liked to wear something tight and revelling when I was flirting. Every woman knows how some cleavage, hips and long legs in high-heels can excite a man. I know why I did it now and cringe just thinking what could have gone wrong. I looked in the mirror and was much happier with the reflection. I'd chosen a conservative button-down white blouse and black skirt that was just above the knees. I smiled at how the matching jacket hugged my breasts and how amazing my legs still looked in heels. I still look hot, I thought.

I left by the side door that opened to the passageway from the entry hall to the back of the building. I love the classy sound my high-heels made striking the polished wooden flooring as I walked towards Doctor Love's suite. I wondered how many Guests had done the same on their way for sexual therapy, beautifully dressed and made up. I felt my nipples tighten and my pussy throbbed at the images of Guests enjoying Doctor Love's therapy.

The suite isn't anything like a doctor's consulting room. There's a similar open fireplace as the Guest Lounge and high ornate ceilings with decorative cornices that were throughout the building. I always felt relaxed sitting on the plush couch with its soft cushions. An elegant chandelier, lovely table lamps and period furniture provided a comfortable and informal atmosphere. The reason for the adjoining bedroom was obvious now and its ensuite is just so convenient, everything the charming Doctor Love needed for sexual therapy.

I always enjoyed my sessions with Doctor Love. But I felt more aroused than the usual feeling of looking forward to seeing him. Knowing what he was getting up to with some Guests made it even more exciting. My heart was racing as I sucked in a deep calming breath before walking in and shutting the door behind me.

Doctor Love was at his desk and noticed me enter. 'Hello Tiffany, please come and make yourself comfortable. You look lovely.'

No wonder Doctor Love is popular with the ladies, I almost laughed to myself. What Guest wouldn't melt at the sight of his warm dreamy eyes and gorgeous smile? Doesn't a woman enjoy a little flattery when dressing and wearing makeup to please him? He's definitely good-looking for an older man and tall with an attractive athletic build. I could imagine him being quite a hunk as a young guy. The appeal of sexual therapy to Guests from such a charming gentleman was obvious.

'Thank you. Mummy and Daddy are much happier how I'm dressing and not flirting anymore,' I mentioned returning his smile.

We sat opposite each other on the matching couches in front of the fireplace. I leaned back and modestly crossed my legs and began to relax, smiling to myself at not using the opportunity to display more of my silky-smooth legs to attract his gaze.

'How do you feel about it?' He seamlessly commenced his counselling.

I enjoyed Doctor Love's warm engaging eyes and soft sensual tone of voice as we discussed how much happier I was. I've found his counselling so liberating. I've never confided with anyone on such intimate matters as I did with Doctor Love. I felt so relaxed sharing my private thoughts and desires and our discussions normally easily flowed. But I could feel my arousal building as his sexual therapy entertained my mind.

I was consumed with a mixture of desire and frustration as I sat opposite Doctor Love. He was my doctor and it was insane. Why did it feel so right? My brain wasn't listening to reason as my eyes floated over Doctor Love's body. Weren't other Guests enjoying sexual therapy? Images of those nights in my bed dreaming of Doctor Love being my first and playing with myself was constantly on my mind. I was increasing having difficulty concentrating, distracted by my arousal and enjoying the images of his sexual therapy.

'How are you now with the incident with René?' His question jolting me back from my dreamy thoughts.

As the images came to mind, I averted my eyes. 'It still upsets me. It was awful, taking advantage of girls like that! I'm not a slut. He just wanted to brag to his mates back home how many he slept with.'

'It's understandable being hurt and upset,' Doctor Love's words both caring and consoling.

'What upsets me the most is that it was my first time with such a . . . jerk! I won't make that mistake again next time,' I assured him, suddenly deciding on what I wanted to do.

'I'm sure you'll find someone special,' he unknowingly smiled.
