 Maria could barely contain her excitement at the thought of taking Ethan home and having this muscular God rub, suck, and lick her all over. She was already thinking about how his cock would feel because the quick grab of his straining cock under his pants gave her a wonderful visual of how large it was. It suddenly didn't really matter as much that she had just met Ethan moments before, all that mattered was that he had the most magical hands ever. He had just fingerfucked her senseless under the table in a club while her friends remained gyrating on the dance floor only ten feet away.

Maria was a 5'5", slender brunette and only 22 years old. She had just broken up with her boyfriend. Now, all she wanted was to be fucked and shown that she was still sexy. 

Ethan smiled and gave Maria a smoldering look full of promise. "The sooner we get out of here the sooner I can lick that tight pussy that I just fingerfucked," he said, running his hand over her firm ass. He looked down her tight top that barely kept her 32C cup tits from bouncing out. 

Before Maria could speak, a voice belonging to someone quite familiar drew her attention away. 

"Maria. I didn't expect to see you here."

Maria whipped her head up in amazement and stopped herself from cussing and instead, threw on a confident expression. "Hello Tony," she said softly. "I didn't expect to see you here either." Tony was her ex-boyfriend of two years that she had just broken up with earlier that day. She had caught him cheating on her with their mutual friend Amy. 

Tony was 5'11" and muscular. Blonde strands brushed across his forehead as his sexy gray eyes looked searchingly in to Maria's. He looked at her slender body. Just one glance at her tight ass and beautiful face made his cock harden instantly in his slacks. He remembered very vividly all those times that her soft mouth had licked and sucked his cock. 

Ethan interrupted. "Who are you?" he said.

Tony looked at the new guy and sized him up. Tony's rigid eyes fell on the guy's large hand wrapped around Maria's ass. Tony's eyes narrowed. "I'm her boyfriend," he said protectively. "Get your filthy hands off--"

"Ex boyfriend. Ex boyfriend," Maria said firmly, but her composure slipped as she tried valiantly to push the tears back that threatened to fall. "We're over, remember?" she said in a whisper.

"Maria," Ethan said. "Can I please speak with you?" He looked pointedly at Ethan. "Alone?"

"Look Maria, you don't have to do anything with this guy," Ethan began. "If you want me to do something, just say the word." He looked concerned and angry on her behalf.

Maria shoke her head. "It's all right Ethan. It'll only be for a minute," she whispered in his ear. "After this we'll head to my place as planned. Okay? I still need to thank you for earlier."

Ethan sighed and kissed her cheek possessively. "Okay," he said loudly enough for Ethan to hear. "I'll be waiting for you right there." He nodded toward the bar.

Maria and Tony were finally alone at the table. Tony sat down next to her. 

"Maria, you don't need to do this to prove anything. I know you're hurt and agry and right now you want to lash out at me by sleeping with this moron. But please, I'm begging you, don't do it. This isn't you, Maria. I know you."

"Why does it matter to you?" Maria asked. "We're over," she repeated. Although, just thirty minutes ago, Maria had been hoping to run in to Tony and possibly patch things up, but after meeting Ethan she wasn't so sure she wanted Tony back anymore. She deserved to be treated better. She deserved to be pleasured too. "Or did you forget that after sucking Amy's tonsils right out of her mouth?"

"Maria! Let me explain what happened--" He said helplessly, looking in to her gorgeous face tinged with sadness. 

She put up her hand. "I don't want to hear any more of your lies, Tony. Can't you understand that? I don't want to have my emotions go on another rollercoster ride while you figure out whether you love me or not. I loved you, Tony. But you broke my heart and that is not something I can forgive. Now if you will please leave me alone for the rest of my life, I'd like to continue my evening in peace."

"Don't go with him!" Tony said. "He might hurt you and I don't want you to get hurt by this bastard."

"As if you didn't hurt me by cheating with Amy?" Maria cried, almost chocking on her disgust at what a hyprocrite he was. 

"Maria--" Tony grabbed her face between his large hands and kissed her full on the mouth, molding his soft lips against hers. She gasped as his warm tongue stroked her lips and then plunged in to her mouth. On their own accord, Maria's eyes fluttered shut and the same aching feeling that she experienced the first time Tony had kissed her returned. His wet mouth kissed her while his hand moved quickly to her tender breasts. He massaged her nipples, forcing a sigh to escape her lips. 

"Maria, let me fuck you," he whispered hoarsely."I'll do it hard and fast, just like you like it. I want you and only you." 

His erotic words made her pussy throb but before she could shake her head "no" or push him away, he cupped her breast underneath her bra and pinched her erect nipple, making her moan.

"I know what makes you scream," Tony continued before returning to her full lips. "I know how to make you cum hard." He stroked her smooth thigh with his other hand, searching for her pussy lips. 

Oh, god she wanted him to touch her so badly, but her heart wouldn't let her. "No!" Maria cried, pushing his hands away. "Good bye," she said in a shaky voice and quickly stood up. She weaved through the swaying bodies in search of Ethan. 

Maria located Ethan instantly at the bar, the unmistakable tall frame lounging at the counter. He looked coolly at Maria. "I see you're back," he said in a clipped tone. 

"You saw what happened," she said, knowing immediately why Ethan was in a bad mood.

Ethan expelled a deep breath. "You're a wanted woman you know. Your ex wants you, that short guy in that ugly maroon shirt wants you, hell, every guy in here wants you." He looked pointedly around the bar area. "What am I to do with you?" Maria glanced around and caught all the males within her proximity looking at her ass, legs, and breasts. She turned back towards Ethan and perused his lean, muscular body. 

"For starters, you can watch my ass when I turn around and head to my car and decide if you want to follow. Because I want you," she said, leaning forward and running one hand, palm forward, over his crotch. She smiled seductively when his cock, which was already rock hard, twitched at her touch. 

Maria slowly turned around and watched as Ethan followed her to the car.

Throughout the sexually charged silence in the car ride to Maria's house, Ethan couldn't keep his hands off her. He nibbled on her ear while one hand caressed her shoulder and breasts. Maria had a hard time focusing on the road because each stroke of his fingers sent a tingle straight to her throbbing pussy. Her leg widened as she felt him reach for her thighs. But before he could touch her aching wet pussy, they were already at her apartment.

"We're here," she said breathlessly, her heart racing with excitement. She reluctantly grabbed Ethan's hand, which had gotten precariously close to her panties and kissed his fingers. "Let's continue inside..."

They couldn't get inside her apartment fast enough. As Maria placed the key in her door lock, her neighbor, Allison walked by. She was a slender 20 year old college student. She gave Maria a knowing look as Ethan continued to rub Maria's ass in plain sight, his hand already working under her short skirt. "Play nice," she said to Ethan, giving him a sexy wink. Ethan chuckled.

Finally the door open. Right away, Ethan grabbed Maria's body and kissed her fiercely against the wall, kicking the door shut with his foot. His tongue plundered in to her waiting mouth in a wildly exciting rhythm. His large hands ran across her soft body, rubbing against her milky thighs. He pulled off her shirt and tore himself away from Maria's mouth long enough to gaze down and admire her lucious tits displayed in the tantalizing white satin lace bra. "Damn, you're so sexy," he said huskily. 

Maria could barely breath as Ethan ravaged her mouth again, taking her under his sexual spell where all thoughts of Tony disappeared. Maria wanted to feel his hard cock so badly that she reached for Ethan's pants and pulled them off. 

Ethan groaned against her mouth when she reached her hand out and outlined his straining cock against his boxers. "You're killing me," he growled, nearly ripping his shirt to get it off.

She gave his lips a final kiss before beginning her descent down his body. She lightly kissed his hard chest, running her fingers over the hairs on his chest. She was down on her knees, her face in front of his crotch. Maria looked up at Ethan's passion filled gaze as she tugged his boxers down. His cock sprang out, nearly hitting her eye. His large 8 inch cock was rock hard with a drop of pre-cum squeezing out of the tip. 

Maria licked his head, tasting the salty pre-cum. "Mmm," she moaned. She loved the taste of cum. It drove her crazy knowing that he was turned on, too.

Maria swirled her tongue around his head while her other hand massaged his balls. 

Ethan twitched when he saw Maria place her full lips over his engorged cock. He placed a hand behind her head as her wet mouth covered the full length, taking inch by inch of his shaft. Maria moved her mouth up and down, licking the sensitive underside of his shaft with each pass. All that could be heard was the wet suction sound of Maria's mouth on Ethan's cock. 

Ethan groaned as he watched his cock fuck her mouth faster and faster. "You better stop right now, I don't think I can last any longer..." He gently pushed her back. Her mouth released his cock with a squishy plop. Ethan muffled her protest with a soft kiss and lifted her up in his strong arms. "Where's the bedroom?"

Ethan pushed his passion down long enough to carry Maria to the bed where he laid her down and slipped off her skirt, leaving her in her satin lace panties and bra. He looked down at her red lips that were now swollen from his kisses and flawless body. A flush stained Maria's cheeks as she felt his eyes on her body, heightening her passion. 

Ethan lowered his body over hers, supporting his body weight on his forearms as he brushed her silky strands off her cheek and kissed the lips that had just sucked his cock, tasting her hot mouth. He unhooked her bra and threw them on the floor and began kissing an erotic trail down her neck and over the mound of her breasts. Without warning he flicked his tongue over her hardened nipple. 

Maria's hips bucked and she wrapped her fingers through his hair, holding his mouth there. "Oh...Ethan....ohhh, that feels so good," she rasped.

Ethan circled and nibbled her nipple and massaged her other nipple with his hand. Each suck, rub, and lick made Maria's snatch wetter and wetter. Her clit ached to be touched as Ethan continued to tease her with his hands and tongue. 

"Please..." she begged, moving her hips against Ethan's body. "I need you Ethan." She could only watch helplessly as Ethan chuckled and continued licking her tender nipple. "Oh, Ethan," she moaned, watching how his tongue kept flicking over her sensitive nipple relentlessly before moving on to her other hardened pink nipple. "You're so good..." she said breathlessly.

Maria reached down and grabbed Ethan's cock in her hand, forcing a hiss out between his teeth. She began stroking his swollen length, jerking him faster and faster, her thumb rubbing over his tip, spreading the pre-cum around his head. She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked her fingers greedily before bringing her hand back to his cock to continue stroking its hardness.

Ethan moved his hand from Maria's nipple down over her flat stomach where he finally covered her pussy. He touched her drippling slit, spreading her juices. "You're so wet," he said huskily. "So hot."

Maria whimpered. She squeezed his thick cock and jerked him frantically as she felt tension begin to build in her body.

Ethan rammed two fingers in to her drippling snatch. Maria gasped, her chest arched off the bed. "My cock will feel like this," he growled, spreading his fingers wide and thrusting deeper and simultaneously rubbed her slick clit with his thumb, "but thicker, longer. Much fuller." Maria opened her legs wider in desperation.

Her hips bucked against his large fingers, wanting him to fuck her already. "Ohh...God...Ethan! Jam your cock up in my tight pussy...ohhh." She nearly cried in relief with Ethan rubbed his head against her slick hole.

He held his head at the edge of her entrance before plunging into her tight pussy in one smooth stroke. Maria cried out in pleasure. God, he felt so big in her tight pussy, but she needed his cock in her. She squeezed his rippling back, digging her nails in to his flesh. "Oh....ohh....you're so big," she said shakily, grinding her hips against his cock.

Ethan pulled out halfway and rammed his cock in her sopping wet cunt, making wet squelching sounds. "Your hot pussy is so tight," he groaned. "You feel so good squeezing my cock like that."

Ethan began withdrawing his cock and pumping in to her. Faster and faster, he pounded in to her drenched pussy. Every time he pulled out, he flet her pussy clench his cock, testing his limmits of holding himself back from cumming.

"Ethan...ohh...I'm close," Maria panted. 

Ethan grabbed her legs and wrapped them around his hips, while impaling her pussy. "Don't worry, baby. I'll take care of you," he said hoarsely, sweat forming on his body at his effort of holding his cum back so that Maria could orgasm first.

Ethan increased his thrusts and bent his head, flicking a wet tongue over her senstive nipple and pinching her other hard nipple. 

It sent Maria over the edge. "Oh, God, I'm cumming! Ohh....ohh, Ethan!" she screamed. Her body arched off the bed as wave after wave of sensual pleasure assualted her body. 

Ethan circled his cock and grinded against her pussy as it throbbed around him, triggering his orgasm. "Shit, you're pussy is so tight!" The wet passage clamped on to his cock as shot after shot of hot cum drenched her soaked pussy. A little tricked out of her swollen pussy and slid down Maria's leg.

Ethan rolled over on to his side, pulling Maria with him. "You were amazing," Ethan whispered, kissing her dam temple.

"I can say the same for you," Maria said, feeling shy all of sudden. She snuggled closer to Ethan's firm chest and soon they fell asleep.