 It was a snowy winter afternoon and I was finishing things off for the day. I always enjoy working in the greenhouses in the winter; it's warm, humid and you're surrounded with lush green vegetation...it's a restorative contrast to the weather outside. It's almost hypnotic.

Tara had called me the night before and, from the conversation, I knew she was ready for a good long "meeting." Brian had been out of town for 5 days, the longest they had been apart since they had started dating. For a newlywed couple, it was taking its toll...she was lonely...and (in her words) "Incredibly horny."

She found me in a production house, tending orchids. "This's what I love about you...you're unpretentious and cool about things. You have me (she smiles), a hot babe, coming over to fuck your brains out and you calmly go about your job, devoted and tediously grooming orchids."

I laughed... "What can I say? It's who I am."

"I know, Honey...I love it." 

It had been wickedly cold that day but the winds died down some; she was bundled up and wearing a long wool coat and a scarf. She dropped her gloves & scarf on a bench and reached up to wrap her arms around me. "Rob, I've been thinking about this all day...I almost broke down last night and called you again. I was ready to beg you to come over, last night." Her lips met mine and the sexual tension between two of us was so palpable, we could feel it in our kiss. She forced her tongue past my lips, skillfully poking and caressing my tongue. We must have kissed for ten minutes before we broke away, leaving us a little breathless.

She hadn't had "real" sex in a week; they video chatted a couple days ago and she masturbated for him, but it's just not the same. I unbuttoned her coat and worked it off, over her shoulders. To my delight, she was wearing only a t-shirt and fuzzy leather boots. "Like the look!"

"I had underwear, but I left them in the car..."

I smiled, "Left them in the car...please, tell me more?"

She blushed a little, grabs my crotch and strokes the hardening outline in my pants, "Uh...well, I was sort of thinking about this, while I was driving;" "Yes, yes, I was driving with one hand on the wheel and the other stuck in my crotch." She reached down to show how she could easily slide a finger into the wetness.

"I can see that," as I glanced down to see a pussy, visibly puffy and moist from her fingering. She was wet and ready...with a need to be fucked.

She demanded, "Now, let me at that thing!" She unbuckled my belt and hooked her thumbs over the top, pulling my pants & underwear down to my knees. 

My erection bounced upward and she smiled, "I see he needs some, too." We both laughed. 

"I'm so fucking horny...I really need it bad!" 

"Fuck...girl...I couldn't tell."

A lusty smile swept over her and she dropped to take it in her mouth. She kissed all over the tip and snagged a huge bead of precum. "Mmmmm," she loved the starchy, saltiness of cum and loved to feel the texture in her mouth, even more. She swirled her tongue over the tip, the pre-cum & spit combined to glisten over the swollen head. I remember feeling her heated breath warm me. She nibbled her way down its length and started to bob over it, popping it in and out of her mouth. 

I held her head, solidly between my hands, as I began rocking my hips back and forth to poke her throat.

She tried to take it deeper and deeper, till she gagged and spit ran from her lips and down over the cock. Knowing that was exactly what she wanted, I held myself deep in her throat. "Yeah babe, suck me hard...yessss...tha's it." 

She licked up her spit and moved her hand to rub the corona, where the swollen purple head stands proud of the shaft. She cradled the pulsing head in her palm and admired it...it was like a ripe plum that she found to be beautiful and rich, with animal allure.

I pulled off the t-shirt...fuck, her breasts were amazing! She grasped at my hair as I leaned down to suck her nipples, teasing them with my tongue. She was delighted, even squealing, as I playfully nibbled and flicked them. I held her breast with my hand and covered it with my mouth, stretching wide to capture as much as I could. "Oh Rob, it feels so good to have your warm hands on my body. Suck'em good...they need it...I need it!"

I could tell where she was at...she was swimming with lust and wanted me inside...and right now! So, I picked her up and sat her on the bench with the orchids; her pussy was spread wide and prone. Surrounded by orchids, she looked amazing, nestled with the lush, verdant greenery. Her blue eyes, soft white skin, gorgeous, full breasts...even with the heat of that moment; I paused to appreciate her beauty. "Tara, you are fucking amazing...breathtaking!"

She blushed in response, as I visually moved up & down over her body. Fuck, I had to have some! I kneeled to bury my face in her...she tasted sweeter than usual...maybe it was the setting...maybe the plants...passion...who knows. 

The air was filled with sweetly-fragrant orchids and a rich feminine musk. She seemed to breathe heavy, quivering breaths, as I worked her pussy. I started really slow and teased her by licking over & around her labia. Her taste was intoxicating, as I strayed into her slit, going deeper and deeper. Her juices dripped out over my tongue & fingers, even running down between her legs to a tiny puddle. I scooped it up with my tongue and went back to the well for more.

"Yessss...ohhhh...suck me, Robbie. Ssssuck it...just like that."

I started to use my fingers to expose her little, swollen nub. Gently, I licked it and traced the hood with my tongue. Finally, I engulfed her clit and sucked it hard, till I got what I needed...she started moaning and gripping me tighter. I parted her and slowly glided a couple fingers into the warmth. My tongue darted & danced over her clit, while I started pumping her with my fingers.

"Mmmm...thassss so good...that's what I need," she pushed herself tighter against my face.

Suddenly, her legs were stiffening around me and I knew she was already there. I guess she wasn't lying...she was a bundle of pent up sexual need. I was ready to drive my cock into her, but it was too late...I pumped the fingers deeper and harder to satisfy her pussy's hunger.

"Shit...make me cum. Oh, god...almost there...make me...yessss...yessss...yessss...yessss!" She shook and screamed through an incredible orgasm. As her climax faded and her body relaxed, she moaned, "Good god...Fuck that was good!" 

I continued softly licking the aftermath from her pussy. After a few moments, she said, "Come up here, Rob, I need you inside me."

"Fuck me, right here, with the orchids." She kissed me, using her tongue to probe deep into my mouth and slurp her wetness from my face. I kissed over her face and down over her neck.

It was my turn now. I rubbed the swollen head over her pussy up to her clit, teasing her. Still horny as hell, she begged for more, "Mmmmm, I need that cock...bad."

I grabbed her knees, spreading them further, and lunged forward with every inch of my manhood. A big squeal came out, as I pushed into her tight, little hole. "Ahhhh that's it!"

She was incredibly tight (she always is), but I glided into her warmth...her pussy was thick with spit and girl juice. Her muscles clenched me and I started fucking her in long, steady strokes; I think she moaned with each stroke. The cock penetrated her deeply and filled her completely, finally satiating her need for a good fucking. I tried to max-out the length of my strokes, by pulling back until I was about to pop out and then driving it deep, until our pubes were grinding. I remember she was still so horny, so needy that it almost sounded like desperation, when she said "Rob, don't stop; please take me...use me...I need to be used! Use me!"

Briefly, instinct (and lust) took over and I pounded into her hard and fast for a long while...it felt so good. We both love a long fuck, so I paced myself to make it last. But, more importantly, I was edging my way toward an amazing orgasm. Shit...I even pulled out three times to avoid blowing the load. We spent twenty or thirty minutes, aggressively fucking, pushing ourselves to an amazing climax. At one point, we shoved some pots out of the way and I got up on top of her. I mounted her and guided my cock deep, till I felt the strain of a cervix. "That's my girl...take it deep! I know you like it this way!"

"I doooo!"

Her legs wrapped around me and locked behind my back, drawing me closer. She flexed her pussy around my rock hardness, while her entire body stiffened in response to the mounting pleasure. "Oh god, don't' stop...don't stop...please don't stop!"

I increased the speed of my thrusts and her mouth opened wide with a moan of ecstasy; she came hard, her body thrashing in a wild release. As I rode out her orgasm, her cunt quivered around my cock. I grunted as I worked her hard, grinding it as deep as I could. "Oh yea...yea...that's my girl! Make it a good one! Make it last...make it last!"

When she finished, I pulled out to stroke over her; it was oozing pre-cum and glistening with the juices of sex. She lay there exhausted, but waiting for the final act of her satisfaction...cum...steamy, hot cum.

When I felt it coming, I stroked with greater vigor; a mind-blowing pleasure overwhelmed me, as I showered her belly with a couple sprays. Tara, squealed with delight and beamed with pleasure, as its warmth touched her soul. My breathing shortened and I tightened my grip...I could feel it pulsing against my hand...it was hot and heavy with seed. I thrust my hips forward and gave it another quick jerk to launch a strand, arching over her belly. 

"Yessss...that's it, give it all to me!" Tara was gazing at my cock, in anticipation of more...she wanted more. Deep inside, another huge contraction, in my balls, pushed out more. This time it rained down over her tits and left a second and third trail across her stomach. 

"I got more, babe...fuck here comes...more!" and I finished with two or three tiny sprays. When the intensity subsided, I looked down and saw Tara, glazed with cum and smiling. I looked into her eyes, but she could hardly move her focus from my dick, still hard and drooling seed. 

I was just recovering and she said, "That was fucking incredible!" "Now, grab my phone...it's in the coat. I want pictures for Bryan...but come over here so I can finish that," and she pointed to my cock.

I grabbed the phone and held my cock in her face. She pulled the tip into her mouth and hollowed her cheeks, as she drained me of what was left. "Ahhh, that feels amazing." I took some shots of her sucking me...and a couple, featuring that cum-splattered belly.

We started screwing around with the photography and having some fun; so, we shot a couple more. Tara laughed, "Oh no, Honey. You need to be in the picture...I insist." So I took a selfie with my face next to the bodyshot. We even took a couple with the two of us licking cum from her fingers.

"Wait...one more...I got an idea!" I snapped off a long stem of flowers from an orchid and laid it over her. She held the spray of flowers over her breast 

"That's it...that's the shot! You're fucking gorgeous! Bryan will love it."

"I know he will...I wish he was here"

The scent of sex, mingled with the heady fragrance of greenery and orchids. I pulled her up to my lips to kiss and comfort her, a bit. Sinking my tongue into her, I could still taste the sex that coated her mouth. I pulled away and said, "Tara, I miss him, too." 

From her expression, I could tell she didn't want to be alone, just yet. I suggested, "Why don't we grab a coffee, latte or something?" 

"We can hang out."

"My treat?"

A big smile brightened her face and she hugged me, "That's perfect...you're such a sweetie."

We got dressed and walked through the conservatory to check out a few more orchids and a big brugmansia that was flowering. Once in the coffee shop, we talked forever, it seemed like it anyway. Heading to the cars, she kissed me and thanked me for being such a wonderful friend and "Brian's going to love these photos; and I know he will appreciate how you helped me out... you make things perfect."