 Sitting in front of the screen, I went to my email to see what Debbie had sent me overnight. I found cute little messages. After reading them, I filed them in my filing cabinet in Deb's folder, saving for last, the first draft of a story she had been inspired to write.

I settled in to read, and was aroused in no time at all.

This woman is passionate and so very expressive. Her ability at "wordsmithing" is astounding. To me, this is not a rough draft at all, but a highly stimulating story, exciting all my senses. Reading it gave me such a raging hard on.

Sweet words composed by Debbie, causes me to stroke my hard cock in cadence to the erotic rhythm of her story.

As event after breath taking event transpire, I time my climax to finish with her concluding paragraph.

She has, once again, brought my excitement up to such a deliciously high level. When I cum, it is hard, hot and wonderful! The amount of my warm load amazes me. I bask in the sweet afterglow of such a satisfying orgasm.

I do feel a tiny regret that I can't share my cum with her. I have this overwhelming desire to massage all my cum into her beautiful breasts, while it's still warm to the touch. I want to witness the skin of her aureolas and long hard nipples absorb every drop of my seed.

I gave her permission to share my thoughts with you. I hope you enjoy her story as much as I did.

Bill

**************************

Bill was lightly tracing circles on Debbie's still hard nipples with his fingertips. Her head was resting on the crook of his arm. He pulled her closer and kissed the top of her head. Debbie sighed with contentment after their lovemaking.

"I love you," she whispered. 

"I love you too, sweet baby," Bill replied.

He tilted her head back and covered her lips with his. His tongue teased the inside of her mouth. 

Mmmmmmm she moaned softly. Her hand slid down between them, wrapping her fingers around his soft cock. Absentmindedly she stroked it. She loved holding his cock. That's how they often fell asleep, exhausted from their lovemaking, her hand wrapped around it. Holding his cock firmly, almost like she was afraid to let him go.

As they lay there, Bill could feel the deep stirrings of another hardon. 

Damn, he thought to himself, what this woman does to me! She was a neverending source of pleasure. 

Debbie noticed that Bill's cock was reacting to her gentle stroking. She loved that. She loved how she could make him hard, even when he thought they were through for the night. 

She didn't say anything, but continued to move her hand up and down the shaft. Bill continued circling her nipples with his fingertips. Her sharp intake of breath, and the fact that her nipples were hard and erect, told him she was getting turned on as well.

They both continued their fondling, enjoying each other to the fullest. Debbie felt her pussy throb as she stroked Bill's cock a little faster. His dick was completely hard now, and hot to the touch.

Without letting go of his cock, she moved out of the comfort of Bill's arms and slid down his body.

Bill rolled over onto his back and spread his legs. Debbie knelt between them and kept up her stroking. Sliding her thumb over the tip of his cock, which was already slippery and wet with precum. As she moved her hand down the entire length of his cock, her lips closed in over the head. Her tongue pushed into his peehole. She sucked softly, squeezing her hand around the base of his cock, milking him.

Bill could feel a slight throbbing in his balls as Debbie's lips slid down the shaft. She moved her hand away and took his entire dick into her mouth.

Mmmmmmmm he moaned. How he loved watching his cock disappear between her lucious lips. 

Bill started moving his hips up and down, fucking her mouth. Each time he moved up towards her lips, she moved down, forcing the head of his cock into her tight throat. He could feel it contracting around him. 

Tightening her lips around the base, Debbie sucked the entire length of his swollen member, all the way to the head, then back down again. 

Suddenly, Bill couldn't stand it anymore. He gently pushed her off his throbbing cock and laid her back on the bed. He used his knees to spread her legs. Her pussy was wet and inviting. Wrapping his hand around his cock, he rubbed the head up and down her slit.

"Oh Bill, fuck me! I want your cock in my cunt!" Debbie cried. 

Bill continued to tease her, sliding the head of his hard throbbing dick over her swollen clit. It was like a tiny cock, sticking out, wanting to be fucked. 

The head of his cock spread her labia as he plunged into her. Burying his cock to the hilt! His balls pressed against her ass. Then he just lay there, loving how her pussy muscles were starting to work his hard dick, squeezing and releasing it. 

Debbie started moving her hips up and down on his cock. As she pushed up, Bill pushed down into her, grinding his pelvis against her swollen clit. Rocking back and forth they fucked, thrusting against each other.

Bill's hands grabbed at Debbie's tits, pinching and pulling on her nipples. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Debbie moaned, "I'm going to cum all over your cock!"

Bill was pounding into her cunt, ramming his cock deep. Suddenly he could feel her pussy grabbing firmly at his dick, milking it.

"I'm cummmiiiiiiiiiinnnnngggggggggggggggg!" Debbie cried out. 

With one final thrust inside her, Bill emptied his balls in her swollen pussy, still pumping, each spirt of cum filling her. Finally he collapsed on top of her. 

Debbie brushed her lips against his, giving him a deep wet kiss. 

Bill pulled his semi-hard cock out of Debbie's pussy. As he lay beside her, the head of his cock left a silvery trail of their juices on her thigh. Bill held her close as she sighed contentedly.

"Fuck baby," he exclaimed, "you wear me out, you are insatiable!" 

Debbie teased back, "but you love it!" 

As the two lovers lay side by side, Debbie heard Bill's gentle breathing, indicating he was asleep. Snuggling in closer, Debbie took his cock into her hand. She held it, as she drifted off into dreamland, knowing she would be more than ready to go again when they woke.