 FOREWORD

A thousand thanks to Julie for her silent contributions.

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 30: Lynn and Larry Get Lost In The Barn

Maybe the nicest way ever to wake up is coming around only to discover a gorgeous blond has snaked her warm tongue into your mouth. Her breath was fresh; damn but she tasted great. Still pretty sleepy, I tried to put my arms around her. Only after my right arm hit something warm and solid did it begin to sink in that Beth was still sleeping on my chest. Lynn was in my mouth! Yuuuummmmmm.

"Good morning lover." Lynn teased once she was sure I'd realized it wasn't Beth kissing me.

"It's nearly time to get up. Jimmy is still asleep, but I got up because the cows can't wait."

"Good morning big sister." I heard from somewhere below my horizon.

Moments later, good morning kisses were flying amongst the three of us. Lynn finally took Beth's face between her hands, planting a major league French kiss on her sister. I got really turned on watching them; my flag was waving in record time. Of course having a warm Beth wiggling around on top of my rested body might've had something to do with it. I couldn't move without rocking the love boat, but I was able to grab a solid handful of each girl's tush. Yuuuuummmm.

I didn't notice, but apparently Beth felt my penis begging for attention. She whispered something into Lynn's ear that caused Lynn to giggle. Lynn's eyes locked onto mine, softly she spoke. "Maybe the cows could wait a couple minutes this morning."

Lynn resumed the toe-curling soul kiss she'd awakened me with, but this time there was much more intensity. Beth was moving off me to somewhere, when her cheeks slid out from underneath my fingers I reached for Lynn's right breast. With Lynn lying on my chest, I really couldn't fondle her breasts, but I could touch her with my fingertips and work her nipple with my thumb.

There was no warning; Beth swallowed my erection in one gulp. I nearly sucked Lynn's face off when Beth plunged her mouth down my shaft. Lynn knew what Beth was planning to do, so she was expecting my reaction, her tongue pushed as deeply into my mouth as she was able to reach. Rested enough to be rarin' to go, this little treat had me rocketing for the launching pad.

Lynn was a world class kisser. My knee-jerk reaction to being anywhere near her was to get hard and want sex. Beth wasn't far behind on my peter meter.

Lynn's tongue was batting my tonsils. Beth had a hand playing with my balls, the other pumping away on my lower shaft. Her mouth was sucking my crown, sliding up and down to her hand; her tongue was caressing everything in her mouth. Any wonder my hips began thrusting towards Beth's face.

Lynn felt my breathing become labored, feeling her butt up with abandon was fanning my flames. Both girls knew I wouldn't last much longer, wickedly they worked even harder to make me come. Having these two beauties double team me was more than my young body could withstand for long. My balls were tightening, my dick was tingling. I was going to come!

Wrapping my arms around Lynn, hugging her breathless, I drove my tongue into her mouth. Oh yeah, I was coming; I felt the thick fluid pulse through my plumbing. My hips thrust hard into Beth, I could feel her swallowing my semen, which only added to my excitement. Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, I grunted into Lynn's mouth.

All too soon it was over, but it had been glorious.

So, I came, and they went. Suddenly I was alone on the bed. Struggling to lift my head, I saw the girls walking to the door, a hand on each other's twitching bum. Lynn grinned at me over her shoulder. "OK, lover. We got you up." [I'll say!] "You have to get Jim up."

Beth tossed in, "But you don't have to do it the way we did, unless you want to. Oh yeah, ham, eggs and toast will be ready in 5 minutes. Be there or starve until lunch." 

Out the door they went. Though trying to get up at once, it took a least a minute before I found the strength to actually climb to my feet.

"Jim. Get up now or miss breakfast!" I yelled from Lynn's doorway. Yep, I definitely got the better of the two wake up calls.

I stumbled into the bathroom. Cold water on my face, then soap and warm water under my arms was about it for my washing at that point. Besides, I knew my cock was clean.

When Jim dragged in, I was brushing my teeth. He pretty much repeated my routine.

Going on ahead to the kitchen, I went first to Beth, then Lynn. I grabbed each girl from behind, nestling my penis into her butt crease as I dished out good morning hugs. With each sister, I reached around to grab a breast in each hand, kissed her neck and thanked her profusely for starting my day so nicely. Both fillies gave me a delightful wiggle of her buns as my 'your welcome'.

After setting out silverware for four, I fetched jam and butter from the fridge, then sat on a breakfast nook bench buttering toast as it popped up. Jim arrived. Lynn slid in beside me; Beth brought the last of the hot food on a big blue and white china platter. Setting it on the table, she scooted in beside Jim. We said a quick prayer of thanks; seems I hadn't been the only one grateful for the weekend we'd shared thus far.

As fast as it had been to make breakfast, the food disappeared faster still. I offered to clean up, but Lynn said, "No, come help me. We'll do the dishes together after we're done outside."

So we headed upstairs to dress for dirty barn work. Following the naked girls up their staircase was a little bit of heaven I'm here to tell ya!

After yesterday morning, I had a better idea of what needed doing. Lynn and I made a good team. We sailed through the farm work. It was actually fun working when we did it together. Taking advantage of having a few minutes alone with Lynn, I asked about the future now that our 'honeymoon' was coming to an end. 

From her thoughts it sounded as though things apparently might not be as bleak as I'd first pictured. While I couldn't just move in with them, I was already spending a lot of time at the Troutman's.

Part of the remodeling their Dad had done was to turn two small useless rooms off of the Living Room into a Master bedroom. This meant their folks rarely came upstairs anymore, Jim and his sisters usually had the second floor to themselves. As long as the world only thought that Jim was my pal, who'd pay much attention if I slept over at his house a lot.

If the four of us started going places together, who'd pay any mind if I tagged along when 'those nice Troutman kids' went to the movies, bowling, or wherever. The perfect logic of Lynn's idea that we never be thought of as boyfriends and girlfriends really sunk in. In our area, kids that were 'dating' were inspected like hawks watch a mouse. Adults generally ignored 'just kids'. During the night we'd have to be very careful, and very quiet, but we should be able to fool around a lot.

Years ago, before oppressive property taxes and giant Agri-businesses, a farmer could make a decent profit. This farm had a modest one-bedroom house that used to be for a hired-man. A few years ago, Mr. Troutman had remodeled it to be a nice guest cottage. During the day, between the guesthouse, the hayloft, Lynn's car in that dark shed, and other outbuildings, we should be able to be coupling couples without too much trouble.

[God I love this girl.] Me too brain.

I knew enough biology to worry about someone getting pregnant. Having no erection for the moment, I was able to think rationally long enough to ask. Lynn put my mind considerably at ease. She and Beth were on the same cycle. Young as they were both girls were experts at animal husbandry. They charted themselves as carefully as a million-dollar mare. This weekend was a very safe time. They wanted to go on the pill, but it was almost impossible with their bible thumping parents.

In a rural area like ours a prescription for the pill would hit the gossip mill big time if either girl asked for them. Lynn suggested we all take a day trip to Chicago to visit the Museum of Science and Industry, while we're there we'd buy a stock of rubbers.

Even if someone found them, "Hell, boys always buy rubbers. Just to impress other boys most of the time." Lynn said half-jokingly. "Sometimes during the month, maybe you'll just have to settle for getting sucked off or my butt. Think you can live with that." She teased me.

"Well, that would be a big sacrifice, but I'll try to be brave." I tossed back with a grin. My legs felt wobbly, I was glad she couldn't tell.

Setting down the bucket I'd been carrying, I hugged Lynn until she could hardly breath, I gave her the best 'I love you' kiss I could muster.

"I love you girls, you're amazing. But I as God is my witness, I'll always love you the most." Lynn melted against me, she held me tight. Life was good.

Best guess was her folks wouldn't return until sometimes during evening chores. We came up with the idea of making a big picnic lunch then heading to a pretty, shady knoll at the rear of the farm where it was private as the moon. You can only get back there via a private dirt road; we'd see anyone coming from a quarter-mile away if their folks got home early for any reason.

"Let's leave a note that we're having a picnic. People with something to hide wouldn't leave a note." I suggested.

"Now you're thinking, you're being coming a devious little shit. I respect that in a lover!" Lynn beamed.

Slipping my work gloves off, I grabbed Lynn again to kiss her. Reaching between us, I unsnapped her tight jeans. It turned me on to no end the way she'd just stare into my eyes and smile when I took control. Lowering her zipper, I reached behind her, then slid my hands into her pants so I could cup her cheeks.

"You, wench, have the sexiest ass in the state. It turns me on that it's attached to the sexiest brain I've ever met." Guess she liked hearing that, if some very passionate French kisses were an indicator.

What started off to be a show of affection quickly got out of control, we were soon inflamed. Remembering my 'good morning' surprise, I decided to do something nice for her. Continuing to knead her butt with my left hand, my right worked around to her front. Worming my way down to her pussy, I used everything I'd learned recently to give Lynn the best hand job I knew how.

Something about simply standing in their barn making out greatly excited us both; my hand fondled her inside of her jeans and panties. Lynn got as wet as I'd ever felt. We couldn't stop chasing each other's tongues; we'd rub them against each other so hard they could've fused together.

Breathing rapidly into my mouth, Lynn made it obvious I was arousing her beyond the norm, she was EXCITED. Her excitement sent my hormones on a rampage. Her hands found my snap, jerked it open, she yanked my zipper down. Her palm slid into my underwear, gripping my by now throbbing penis. Immediately she began stroking me furiously. Though we could barely breath, we couldn't pry our mouths apart. The sounds of air being forced in and out as our passion mounted only fanned our flames.

Reaching into my briefs with her other hand, Lynn cupped my balls, almost painfully rolling them through her fingers. Nearing a fever pitch, our lungs mostly exchanged air with each other. I pushed my middle finger up inside Lynn as far as I could go; practically lifting her off the ground, I twirled my finger inside her as fast as I could in the confined space.

As her breathing became extremely ragged, Lynn suddenly shuddered, then leaned heavily into me. At some level, I felt her vagina clamp around my finger and knew I'd made Lynn come; that subliminal knowledge triggered my orgasm. Semen erupted from my penis; its warmth heightened our mutual pleasure as it coated her hand and wrist, in turn making my shaft more slippery and exciting to Lynn. Fluids coated my hand and fingers, resulting in her entire cupped pussy becoming wet, warm, and delightfully slick. Each reacting strongly to our partner's orgasm, we spiraled into utter bliss.

Gradually, very, very, very gradually, we floated back to earth. We stood there, hands inside each other's pants for ten minutes. After her major climax, Lynn had several more, but far milder orgasms. I remained firm, dribbling fluids, feeling tingling and mild orgasm-like spasms, for much of that time. Our kissing diminished in its intensity as we regained our breath, yet it heightened in affection and the emotional warmth it conveyed.

Jim and Beth found us standing in the middle of the barn, feeling each other up, lost in our kissing. We were so rapt in each other, we never noticed them pick up the buckets and finish our work. I was glad no one had a camera to record the 'duuhhh' look Lynn and I must've exhibited when we finally zippered each other up, then tried to figure out where we'd left the buckets. Eventually putting 2 and 2 together, we headed up to the house.

I'm pretty sure we both blushed as Beth greeted our entrance with "Can't leave you two alone for a minute! Lucky the cattle didn't starve to death."

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This saga continues with Chapter 31.