 Prologue

This evening grew from a memory of hot garden sex, Tara and I shared about a year ago (see Insatiable at Work Ch. 12: Gardening)...enjoy!

*****

I noticed Tara was distracted; I kissed her forehead, "What's wrong, sweetie?"

She sipped her wine, "Oh...just thinking...you know how horny I get, when I got both of you here. I was thinking about that potting bench...we've had some seriously, hot sex on benches and potting benches."

I turned to look, "You got that right...we've proven they're made for sex...and I thought you were just watching chipmunks."

Bryan smiled, "It doesn't have to be past tense...if you're that horny, I think we should be having sex on the potting bench, now."

She put her glass down and grinned, "Well then...I got an important task for you two...put down your beer and drop your pants."

"That's our baby girl!"

Into the screen room, we went. We picked her up by the waist and sat her on the bench, leaning her back so she was comfortable against the garage wall. She squirmed around and lifted her butt, so we could slip off the shorts and panties. She anxiously spread her legs, thinking we were going to just start fucking. I had something different in mind and leaned down between her legs, "I know your ready babe, but I can't pass this up. Fuck, you're hot and...that pussy!"

She smiled and felt my hot breath between her legs. I teased her pussy with my tongue, sliding through the tiny crack, and flicking her clit. It sent shuddering and moaning through her body.

I pushed deeper, making her moan louder. Then, focused solely on her clit, I sucked it between my lips and flicked my tongue wildly. It was rock-hard and fully exposed, an easy target at that stage of arousal. I kept going, poking and battering it with my tongue, till she could hardly catch her breath. Her moans grew to be continuous, till she finally let loose; her body started shaking and her legs tightened around me.

I kept the pressure on. Writhing in ecstasy, she moaned, "What...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...are you doing...to me...Rob? Rob...Rob...god damn...cumming...cumming...already...yesssss...yesssss...yesssss...fuck yessssssss!"

I didn't really stop when she climaxed...I just kept it up, pushing my tongue deeper. Bryan looked into her eyes and said, "You enjoyed that, didn't you?"

She smiled with a breathy, "Yes, baby...it's...it's wonderful!" 

I pulled off to grin...and she smiled, "I know what that means, but what do you have in mind?"

My dick stood ready-to-go, proudly bobbing over my belly...and Bryan's was rock hard and dark red...he had been stroking pretty hard. "You're not done...come down here and bend over." 

She hopped down and stroked them both, "Mmmmmm...cocks are everywhere...yummy cocks, everywhere!"

We turned her around to face the bench; she squealed and laid over the top. I rubbed the tip of my dick down through the wetness...then, finding just the right stance, I pushed up into her in one big thrust. She screamed as I punched into her cervix, pushing myself to a depth where it took her breath away.

As I drove my dick into her, time and time again, I used my hand to muffle her moans, so Mrs. Harmon (their neighbor) wasn't calling the cops.

Pinning her to the bench, I gripped her hips and slammed myself into her pussy. Impassioned by the sensory explosion of those tight lips pulling and tugging at my dick, I fucked wildly and bounced her tiny frame against the wall. I was like a machine, plunging my cock forward, over and over. She started fucking back, pushing against me and smacking our bodies into one another to make those amazing slapping sounds. 

I finally had to pull out and let Bryan take over. When he pushed into her, his shaft filled the emptiness, and his pubes came to rest against her ass. She moaned, "That's it, sweetie...ahhhh...yeah...fuck me...fuck me!"

As he pumped into her pussy, her whole body shuddered, and her breasts jumped. He grabbed her hips to thrust, over and over...his moans joining with hers. Pausing for a moment to catch his breath, he slammed forward again, with even greater momentum. The sound of sex floated through the garden and I jacked myself, till he let me take over.

"Jeez...dude...almost lost it there." 

I laughed, "Yer lucky I'm here, to take over."

I took his place and humped forward to plant it deep in her belly. The satiating sense of pleasure she got from a dick was more than apparent. Wanting and willing, she gasped as pleasure, again, took her breath, but I quickly took control. I was hard as a rock and ready to go.

She was rubbing her clit, her breathing quickened, and her head fell back, as she reached climax. She let out a long, loud cry when it started. I thought what I did with my tongue was good, but this was in another league. After the relentless pounding she got from two cocks, she started groaning, "Ohhhhhh! Fuckkkkk...me...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssssssssss! Yesssssss...yessssssss...yessssssss!"

It seemed to grow from my dick and flow through her body, with shuddering and waves of unbelievable pleasure. Her body shuddered, as I slowed the pace to fuck deep, pushing into her as far as I could. She continued moaning, till she seemed calm or calmer. She turned to look at me with a big smile, as she quietly rocked back and forth before letting go and pulling off. "Boys, that's what a potting bench's for...fuck!"

When it fell from his wife, Bryan leaned in and I smiled, "Dude, taste our baby girl's orgasm?"

Up to that point, I had been able to hold off, but I almost lost it again. My dick was shiny with sex, rock-solid and stood upright, inches from his face. His tongue went wild and he bobbed his mouth over me, taking it as deep as he could. He pulled of and grinned, "Do me now?"

"Get the lube and bend over."

He took his wife's spot and lubed himself, "I think it's my turn, anyway."

She came back with her glass, giggled and helped spread his legs, "Sweetie, it is your turn...I've been getting all the attention...let me help."

I rubbed, kneaded and squeezed his ass. I gripped the hot, rounded muscle, flexing so my fingertips pressed into the flesh; they felt muscular and tight. I stood between his spread legs and ran my dick up through his crack and over his tail bone...I kept teasing and thumping it over him. 

"Bud, you want it up your ass? You want me to fuck you?"

"Fuck yeah...fuck me...I want you to fuck me! But...lube it first...you need lube, too."

I looked at him, "Bryan, I'm not gonna do it without...I don't want it to hurt...you know."

Tara jumped in, "I'll do it! I'll do it, sweetie!" She pumped some over the shaft and stroked it over the swollen flesh.

Then she helped center it on her husband, so I could easily sink it in his ass. We watched every inch slowly slide through his muscle, till my pubes pressed into those muscled cheeks. Tara loved the way the big shaft looked, both of us did, pumping into his gut. 

"Like that ...uhhhh...uhhhh...like that, dude?"

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...fuck...yeah...I like it...feels amazing...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...feels so good...so good...ahhhh...yesssssss! Mother fucker! Ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...do that...yeah, keep doin that...fuck...fuck...it feels good."

Suddenly, he was jerking his dick; he was going nuts. There was no rhythm at all, he was just wildly stroking...I was pushing him over the edge. I knew it wouldn't be long. 

Tara knew what was happening...she moaned, "Oh Rob! Fuck him...fuck him, hard...he's close...my baby's close!" 

She continued, "You love that dick...feel it stretch...mmmm...it looks so hot, sweetie. I love to watch you and Rob...watch his dick...it feels good...so good!"

"Fuck...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh!" He grunted a little and his cock exploded, with orgasm. 

I suspect he delivered a serious "money shot," because Tara squealed, "That's it, baby...cum hard...cum hard...let go...make it last...make it last...let go!"

He pumped it dry and, with a big groan, collapsed over the potting bench. I was still thrusting up into his belly, "Fuck...let me finish inside...squeeze it...squeeze it, dude...that's it...feels so good...milk me...milk it! You want it? You want this hot cum...uhhhh...uhhhh...all my hot cum?"

"Yeah...fuck yeah...fuck me...gimme that cum...gimme all that cum! Use that ass...use it, dude...its yours...all yours...fuck me...fuck me! Gimme that cum...gimme all that cum!" 

My body shuddered as it boiled up from my balls. I needed release so bad; it felt like I was shooting fire. I filled him with steamy seed, "Yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's good...take it all."

My pace slowed...slowly pumping into his body, it seeped around my dick and dripped to the ground.

Still hanging tight to the bench, he moaned, "Fuck it, dude...own that ass...finish it off...finish it...finish it off!"

Once I slipped from his ass, I laid over top and held him tight; his muscled frame was firm but relaxed. Our skin was hot from sex and felt moist. Tara rubbed my back and shoulders and hugged from behind, 

"That's it, sweetie...you own that ass!"

I pulled myself off his warm body, "Yeah, but I gotta pee...really bad."

"Baby, it's just like that first time we did it on the potting bench! Can I watch...I wanna watch!"

"Here...I'll just do it in the lawn.

I moaned in relief as a thick, golden stream sprayed over the lawn; it generated a soft patter when it hit the ground. 

Tara picked up her glass to enjoy the show; had she not been exhausted, I'm sure she would've been on her knees and running her fingers through the stream.

They both seemed transfixed; my dick was still turgid and glistening in the sun. I held it upright to pulse out a big arching spray; it, too, sparkled in the warm sunlight.

"Holy fuck! How many beers have you had?"

I laughed, "Ahhhh...only one...but I'm gonna need another one soon."

When the flow subsided, I shook out the last of it, "There, you like that?"

They both laughed, and Tara said, "Peeing men are hot...fun to watch!"

Brian tried to look serious, "I got just two things to add...first, I'll get you another and secondly, we seriously need to spend more time in the Garden."

"Listen to that...I can' believe it! Are you warming up to gardening?"

"Well, yeah...I like to help you garden...a little...but I really enjoy threesome gardening."