 Her car was in the shop and Bryan got tied up at work, so she called to see if I could pick her up from work. Of course, I said yes. I was a few minutes late when I pulled up to the curb; she was waiting, out front in a little skirt that made her look like a schoolgirl. She oddly pulled her shoes off after she got into the car. "Long day...feels good to take off your shoes?"

She smiled, "Yeah, something like that...before I forget, I really appreciate you picking me up...thanks for the ride, sweetie."

We were going through some small talk, discussing the day and I spotted that cute grin, as she ran her hand between my legs. Through my jeans, she stroked over the expanding mound. "Do you and Bryan need some, tonight? I might be available?"

"Honey, he got pulled into a meeting tonight and I need some...and I don't feel like waiting till he gets home."

When she slipped off her panties and kicked them to the floor, I could see she wasn't waiting till we got to the house either; we were about three miles out, when I felt a tug at my zipper. She quickly worked the pants down and started jacking my dick through her fist; the straining member stood proud of her little hand. I looked back up at road and teased her, "Like I said, I may be available...anything you have in mind?"

She said, "I know you're available." When I heard the seatbelt release, she leaned over and gave it a couple big, juicy licks with her tongue. I'd been here before and executing a blowjob while driving down the road can be challenging, but Tara's agile...and petite. I shifted my butt around and moved the seat back to improve access. 

Then the damned seat belt warning beeped until she was able to shift her weight off the seat. 

She smiled, "There, it's off! They need to have road-head setting on that thing." She groaned with delight, "Mmmmmmm...I want this dick, so bad...I thought about it all afternoon!"

The dark purple head looked amazing, wrapped with the dainty, pinkness of her tongue; it caressed my glans and teased the tip. Her pouty lips wrapped around the head, before sliding sensuously down the shaft. I squeezed at the fullness of her breast and her mouth worked over the erect shaft. Furiously, she worked my dick, sloppy wet gurgles started to overwhelm the smooth jazz, on the radio. 

"Mmmmmm...I really wanna ride it, baby!"

I had to think fast and looked around, "Let me pull over...there's a parking lot over there...behind the trees."

Seductively, she smiled, "Mmmmmm...I've always wanted to fuck you in a parking lot. It's sort of reckless or risky...and passionate, you know."

I came to a stop, "Yeah...it's not a five-star hotel, but I know what you mean...it's hot." She was on fire and I grinned, "Fuck Tara! I wasn't expecting all this when I picked you up...we need to do this more often. You're crazy horny! You really do need some satisfaction...and now!"

With a little giggle, "Yeah I kind'a do!" She tried to throw her leg over me and scramble on top, but she thumped her head. Like I said, she's a small girl, but this time, there was no way this was working. 

She was laughing but I asked, "You okay?"

"Yeah...again this's a design issue...you should be able to cowgirl comfortably in a car...damn it!"

"Yeah...let me put the seat back more...the roof and steering wheel are going to fuck you up. There that's it...see if that works! Saddle up, baby girl and enjoy that dick...ride it, hard!" 

She guided the swollen shaft between her legs, stroking eager cock over the tight, glistening folds. When she could finally position herself over top, she lowered herself till she was sitting in my lap, impaling her petite frame. As I watched her work it deeper, her pleasured groans flooded the car; she enjoyed the sensation of her muscles stretching over the thick shaft. I could even feel the head nudge her cervix, as she ground her body into my lap. When she felt that, she groaned, "Oh gawd, sweetie...all the way...oh, that's the spot...fuck!"

She began to ride, slow at first...then faster and faster. Her skirt was bunched up at her waist and I kneaded the perky flesh through her blouse. They were plump and full...and her bra couldn't contain the bounce; I pulled her blouse open to support the jiggling heft of her breasts, with my hands. I rubbed her nips through the skimpy bra until she slipped it off. "There...that's what I want...thanks, sweetie."

Her head fell back, and her eyes closed, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that dick...feels so fucking good...this's exactly what I needed...a big hard, dick! Ahhhh...yeah...squeeze those titties...I know you love to watch'm...uhhhh...uhhhh...bounce when I ride...uhhhh...like this!"

"Yeah, I do...I do love'm, sweetie...fuck'n ride that dick...fuck me...ride me...ride me!"

My fingers pressed into the firmness of her flesh...though, solid and perky, they are a distinct contrast to her nipples, that were erect and solid.

She leaned forward, moaning into my mouth and shoving her tongue through my lips. 

I whispered, "Let me do more...yer wearing yourself out."

"Oh gawd, I don't mind...at all. I could ride all night, sweetie...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...feels good...so good...yessssssss...fuck me...please...fuck me!"

I grabbed hold of her butt and added more force to her bounce, while I started rolling my hips up, into her body.

Her hands digging into my shoulders, she rides and grinds, like the hungry cock-slut, I see in her eyes. Looking down, I could see her tiny lips, tight and clinging to my dick until it's totally buried, as deep as she could get it. Then she shifted a hand to her clit; it was ripe for pleasure and she pushed herself closer. I humped wildly into her body, slamming my dick into her belly.

I was awash in the intensity of her pussy's grip, while she got closer and closer, "Yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck me...fuck me, hard...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...that's...so...so...good! Baby fuck me...fuck me...ohhhh...fuck me!"

I felt her body shudder a few times, after which, every movement seemed to bring her increasing pleasure. Her rambling speech meant she was on the verge, "Yes...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yes...yes...yes...fuck me...yeah...yeah...yesssssssss... yessss!" For what seemed like minutes, on top of minutes, her breathing got choppy and those amazing, blue eyes seemed darker and wider. Her body shook, her muscles stiffened, but she continued to buck into me, as wave after wave overtook her body. 

My balls were full and so fucking ready. I thought for sure, her orgasm was gonna be too much for me, but I managed to hold back. 

Once the orgasm dwindled, a calm came over her face and she held me inside. "Mmmmm, that's what I needed, after the office...and I wanna just sit for a minute...sit and enjoy that cock, inside. Don't worry...I know you must be ready. Once I catch my breath, I'm going to drain those balls, for you!"

I pulled her into me, both tongues thrashing...and pushing deep. When our lips parted, I grabbed her hips and bounced her over my dick, fucking, deep and hard. She could hardly pull herself away from what she loved, sensuously reciprocating and bouncing slow. She closed her eyes and threw back her head, "Fuck! Ahhhh...ahhhh...yesssssssss...gawd...yesssssssss...that dick...that dick!"

"Mmmmmm...you always know what I need...what I want...fuck! Mmmmm...let me give you what you need, sweetie. I'm gonna wrap my lips around that big guy and suck it dry!"

Wasting no time, she was back in my lap with my big plum, buried in her mouth. My dick stood upright and gracefully arced, like a tree branch; her head was bobbing up and down and the spit washed away the sex her pussy left behind. Groping at my ass and driving it into her mouth, she sucked, slurped and face-fucked the veiny shaft.

She pulled off to whisper and stroke the shaft, "God, I love this dick!" 

She kissed, up and down, the shaft, working her way to the base and back up to the head; I moaned, when she swirled her tongue over the head and took it back in her mouth. I pumped through her lips and poked at her throat. She gagged a few times, but worked with me, until my pubes almost touched her nose. 

Satisfying my mounting needs, I just kept going, fucking through her lips, over and over...taking me closer to release. Just before exploding, she felt me shudder, as cum moved up the shaft. My dick pulsed & jerked, as I finally drained my balls.

Pumping into her mouth, I felt her lips tighten to capture each pulse; I could see her throat move as she swallowed. As it faded, her lips stayed clamped around me and nursed the throbbing tip, for every drop.

It was starting to get dark and there was dusky glow that gave her eyes a beautiful warmth. Always looking infatuated, she smiled and her lips, puffy and shiny with cum, met mine. She spoke softly, "That was perfect Robbie...I don't know what I...or what we'd do without you."

We were startled by geese flying overhead and watched them in tight formation. I said, "I think that means I should get you home...your headed that way, too."

She kissed me again, "Sweetie...I'd follow you south, anytime. You're welcome to spend the night...you know. Bryan and I've been craving some Café Robbé." She giggled, "Except, you, kind of, wore me out!"

"I think you wore yourself out, baby girl...or Miss Cowgirl."

She answered as I pulled onto the highway, "Yeah...I guess so...I was a little horny. I wanna be a Ms. or Mrs. Cowgirl, though."

"You got it, Ms. Cowgirl."

"Oh, I gotta tell you something! This explains how horny I was. You know...Erica, my office mate, almost caught me pumping a candy bar through my lips, when I was daydreaming."

I laughed, "Like a chocolate dick?"

"Exactly, it was hilarious...I pulled it out fast to bite off a chunk. Mmmmm...now that you say that...a chocolate dick with crème filling...that's perfect!"

I laughed, "I'm sure a cock bar would sell millions...anyway, I hope your dreams included me and Bryan...but without the biting." 

She grinned, "Yeah, I had you both, pictured in my mind...I was on my knees and your dicks were bobbing in my face. I think about you all the time...I have something special with you guys...it's really perfect."

"I know...I know that. I think we need to remember that spot, back there...maybe Bryan would like to play, too."

"Oh, he would...it's like that corn field...remember?"

"Yes, I do...very vividly." 

"You guys can take turns...I'd really get a fun workout! And I know a cowboy that'd like to take that dick for a ride, too...he could clean up before you pick me up." 

I laughed, "I think I know that cowboy. Sounds brilliant...sign me up!"

She gently rubbed her pussy, "You know, I got some cock burn...Bryan, will have to take it easy, for a couple days."

"Speaking of the hubby, I do have to get home...and you need to get your butt home and fuck your wife like you just did me. Tina deserves a good, long fucking, too."

"Oh, I got a second wind coming on...and she loves a good cock burn."

She giggled, "I should probably call and warn her." 

I pulled into the drive and she kissed me again, "Good night, cowboy."

"Good night, cowgirl."

With her shoes and panties in hand, she hopped out of the car and almost bounced up to the house in that hot, little, schoolgirl skirt. 

She was opening the garage door, when I found her bra on the floor, "Hey, cowgirl! You forgot this!"

"Oh, I'll get it later." She walked into the garage, grinned at me and flipped up her skirt. Flashing me with those tight, little cheeks, "Thanks sweetie...you're the best! Now get home to Tina!"