 PRELUDE

I was in my car driving over to the condo complex where Jocelyn Thompson lived. It was a dreary Saturday morning in the Chicago suburbs, drizzling after a horrendous downpour earlier. Normally I would be playing golf with my regular foursome but the course was closed due to the heavy rain and thunderstorms. It was a perfect day to stay indoors and have great sex. I was glad that Jocelyn had called.

It was nearly an hour drive to her place and I as I made my way over there, I thought about our relationship. The year was 1981 and I was 26 years old working for a consulting firm. Paul, Jocelyn's husband worked for the same firm and on that day, he was in Denver on business. He was 40 years old, 15 years her senior. They had been married for a little over four years. He had met Jocelyn in Paris and she was a Eurasian beauty.

Jocelyn's parents were French and Vietnamese, the father being French. She was a work of art at 5'5" with a curvy 36-28-36 figure. She weighed nearly 130 pounds and she had beautiful legs. Her breasts almost didn't look real they were so perfect. They looked like headlights on her chest, round, firm and perfectly shaped. The areoles were little dark circles and a back drop for her stiff nipples, which stuck out ½" and even looked longer when she was excited. Her hair was black and she kept it cut short. Her bedroom eyes were dark brown and alluring.

Her body was magnificent and then there was her ass. Oh, that ass, it was the most beautiful and desirable that I had ever encountered. Perfectly shaped and protruding at least 10" from her thighs. Her skin was smooth and flawless, not a blemish on her. I recalled the movie the Stepford Wives and thought if it were possible to create one it would be the image of Jocelyn.

Anyone looking at her and admiring her beauty would never guess that she was an insatiable sexual dynamo in bed. She did it all, vaginal, oral and anal. She loved anal foreplay and I loved making love to her fantastic ass. She was enamored with my body too as I was very fit. At 6'1" and 190 pounds, I was very well-toned and she enjoyed running her hands over my washboard abs. However, what she enjoyed the most was my cock that was a smidge over seven inches.

When I first started fucking Jocelyn, I felt a bit guilty because of her being married and her husband worked for the same firm. That passed quickly though because I knew that if she wasn't fucking me, she was going to be fucking someone else. I wasn't going to let that beauty spend her time with some other dude. I had also learned that Paul was fucking one of our female clients in Denver, which I assumed was why he was there for the weekend. I could never understand how Paul could fuck some out of shape, unattractive woman with a beauty like Jocelyn at home. 

Jocelyn liked fucking me for several reasons. I was discreet and a good lover, providing her with hours of pleasure. She liked the size of my cock which was big but not too big and it fit nicely in her ass. I could still cum two and three times a day which she really got into. We would do things together that I was sure she did not do with Paul. 

I was glad she had called because I didn't know she was alone for the weekend and I was about to call Barb who lived in the same complex that I did. Barb was a 36-year-old blonde who enjoyed sex and we had hooked up a number of times. She liked to watch porn as it got her excited. She had a small collection and she had her favorite scenes in each of the videos. We would watch some together and then duplicate them in her bed. Barb was always a great back-up for when I didn't have a date.

I finally arrived at Jocelyn's place and I parked my car in a visitor spot near another building. I walked over to her building and up to the condo front door and rang the bell. Minutes later the door opened and my eyes took in her beauty. She was wearing a pink terry cloth two-piece outfit that showed off her beautiful shapely legs and her flat belly. I stepped inside, closed the door and she was in my arms. She kissed me deeply driving her tongue into my mouth and my hands dropped to cup her curvy bottom. It was going to be a wonderful sexually rewarding weekend. 

THE BEGINNING

I always thought that Jocelyn had roving eyes and was a bit of a crotch watcher but I never made a move on her. No one else in the firm hit on her either in spite of her beauty. We all recognized she was married to a senior member of the firm. It was December 1980 and we had our company Christmas party at a Chicago hotel. I had not bothered to bring a date as the parties were normally boring and my date would not have known anyone.

As the evening wore on, I did catch the eye of a cute waitress who was serving drinks. She seemed interested in me and I warmed up to her. We chatted briefly each time we were close and she whispered to meet her outside the ballroom. I watched her leave the room and then I followed her and met her in the hallway. She ushered me into one of the smaller meeting rooms and made her intentions very clear.

Once inside she dropped to her knees, unzipped my fly and fished my cock out through the openings in my boxers and pants. I was hard in an instant and she began to suck my cock. She told me I had a nice cock and that she would like to see me again. I didn't realize that she had not locked the door and suddenly the door opened and I saw Jocelyn standing in the doorway. The waitress panicked and stood up.

"I think you should leave," Jocelyn barked.

The waitress scurried out and I stood there with my hard dick sticking out through my fly. Jocelyn entered the room and she locked the door. I was frozen to the spot wondering what she would do next. I didn't have to wait for long. She closed the space between us and grasped my erection.

"Very nice, I have wanted to do this for a long time," she whispered right before she engulfed my cock in her mouth.

Her head bobbed up and down a few times on my 7+" porker and then she lifted her head to speak again. "You have a nice cock," she said and then returned to sucking me.

Jocelyn was very accomplished in oral sex and I was as hard as a rock. Then she stopped sucking and I watched as she reached under her cocktail dress and pulled her panties to the side. She fingered her pussy as she sucked my dick. 

"I am really hot. I need to sit on your cock. I want to fuck you," she announced surprising me with her language.

I had heard women use the words cock and fuck before, it was just that I had never expected it from the beautiful Jocelyn. With catlike movements and agility, she straddled my body and guided my cock into her pussy. She groaned as my shaft filled her vaginal cavity and I felt the wet silkiness of her cunt. Jocelyn rode me hard and fast and it was obvious that she was only thinking about her own orgasm.

"Oh. Oh, this is going to be a quick one," she gasped.

I was still in my suit jacket, shirt and tie with my cock sticking out through my pants and boxer shorts. Jocelyn's dress was gathered around her waist and I held on to her shapely ass while she did all the work. 

"I'm going to cum. Hold me!" she called out excitedly as her hips flailed on top of me.

I held her by her curvy ass and then my arms moved up and wrapped around her upper body as she screamed into my shoulder. Her screams were muffled in my shoulder as her body shook and shivered with the intensity of her orgasm. Jocelyn eventually stopped moving and relaxed in my arms briefly before easing her body off of mine. She sensed that I had not cum and in her desire to pleasure me she lowered her mouth back onto my cock. It was obvious that she did not mind the taste of herself as she gave me an incredible blow job.

Jocelyn fondled my testicles and ran her finger along my perineum as she swirled her tongue around my shaft. I felt my discharge building within me and I warned her that I was about to cum. Jocelyn never removed her mouth from my cock and she received a mighty discharge. Ropes of semen shot into her mouth splashing off the back of her throat but she never missed a beat. Jocelyn stayed glued to my cock until she had sucked every last drop of semen from my shaft. Tingles ran through my body and I felt my toes curl up inside my shoes. It was the best blow job ever.

We relaxed for a few minutes and then got redressed. Once we felt we were presentable we left the smaller meeting room. I left first and made sure it was safe for her to come out. Just before she walked back into the ballroom, she turned to me and spoke in a soft sexy voice.

"I'm not done with you. I want to see you again."

She walked into the ballroom as I waited a few more seconds before I rejoined the party. Jocelyn was acting normal and laughing it up with others. I looked at her again and admired her beauty. It was still hard to believe that she had just sucked my cock and swallowed my load after I fucked her. That night was the start of my affair with a drop-dead gorgeous woman. 

FIRST TIME AT A HOTEL

Jocelyn waited until Paul was out of town on business and then she called me and asked me to book a room at a hotel a few towns away. I did as she asked and we drove separately to the hotel. I was in the room when she arrived and I was a bit nervous. We stripped naked without any conversation and we both admired the other's body. She lay back on the bed and I got between her legs. 

I put her thighs on my shoulders and lowered my mouth to her pussy. I took one slow lick as I flattened my tongue on her mound. It felt so smooth and warm and I knew I had achieved the desired effect from her moan I know that she enjoyed the cunt lapping. I relished the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her sweet juice. 

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her clit I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Jocelyn was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

She went wild and started bucking and moaning loudly. She pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and she humped my face rapidly. I don't know exactly how many times she came but finally she collapsed on the bed, her body trembling and I spotted a rash on her neck from her excitement. I lay next to her and stroked her body my hands moved freely over her wonderful tits and wet pussy. She rolled toward me and embraced me and whispered for me to hold her. Once she calmed down, we lay there for a while making small talk and then she started stroking my cock. Jocelyn added some body lotion as she kept stroking me cock and kept me hard.

"I like playing with your cock. You have a big cock."

"It's not that big."

"It's the biggest I have ever had."

"Well there are plenty bigger than mine," I replied thinking about the porno stars.

"If I had a cock I would be playing with it all the time," she giggled.

"If you had a cock, I wouldn't be here."

"Playing with your cock has got me hot again. I need to sit on your dick."

Jocelyn straddled my body and lowered herself onto me as she held my tool and aimed it at her vagina. My hard cock slid easily into her womb and she emitted a small gasp as it filled her hole. She rocked back and forth on top of me as I held on to her curvy ass. I stroked her ass cheeks and molded her firm buttocks in my hands as she picked up the pace fucking herself on my dick. She started moaning as she fucked faster and faster. I sensed her pending orgasm and then she yelled out.

"I am going to explode."

She collapsed on top of me her body quivering from the intensity of her second orgasm. I could feel her juices coating my cock as it remained buried in her womb. It took a few minutes for her to regain her composure and she just lay on me and cooed. Eventually she rolled off of me and lay on her back next to me. I was anxious to get at her ass all the while wondering if she would let me fuck her in the ass. I loved anal sex and fucking beautiful shapely asses. I had always tested the water with the women with whom I went to bed. I moved her to all fours with her ass elevated and she placed her head on the mattress turned to one side so she could see me. I started playing with her pussy and her curvy ass lubricating her anus with her own cunt juice. She moaned and cooed as I fingered her pussy and her ass simultaneously. I was fingering Jocelyn's ass when she spoke.

"It won't go in with natural juices. Use some lubricant, there is some in my purse."

I got off the bed and retrieved the lotion from her purse. As I did I realized that Jocelyn was going to let me fuck her in the ass. I returned to the bed and put an ample of amount of lotion in her ass coating the tiny puckered opening of her anus and lubricating the rim. I lubed my cock and nestled it against the entrance of her anus momentarily before easing it inside her ass. I could feel my cock struggle to stretch the resistant muscles. My dick head burrowed in and her rigid passageway soon yielded to the determined action of my cock. Jocelyn moaned as my penis filled her hole.

"Go slowly at first it has been awhile and you're the biggest ever."

I fucked her with long and deliberate strokes until my cock was sliding easily in and out of her ass. I caressed her shapely buttocks as I watched my cock move in and out of her rectum worming around inside of her curvy ass. I caressed her 36C firm tits and tweaked her nipples as I leaned over her body and whispered in her ear. 

"Jocelyn, you have one hot ass, I love fucking you in your hot ass." 

My hands freely roamed over her body and I pulled on her hips drawing her backwards impaling her on my inflated member. I reached for her pussy to finger fuck her and diddle her clit but I found her hand already buried in her womb. She was frigging herself frantically working herself toward an orgasm. Suddenly I felt my cock inside her ass swell up and I started pumping faster. Within minutes I knew that she felt the warm syrupy fluid being squirted inside her and she immediately started to cum herself. Her anal muscle squeezed every drop from my spurting cock. I grunted as my whole body became stiff and I slammed my cock harder into her. My cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop and I flopped down on the bed next to her. Jocelyn then lay on her back, splayed her legs and pulled back the folds of her vagina.

"I need to cum again. Eat my pussy, please eat my pussy."

I ate her to another orgasm and then we rested in bed and talked. She told me that when she and Paul were first married that he ate her pussy all the time. He loved to massage her body and pamper her. That lasted about a year and the sex continued to wane. Now she would suck his cock into hardness and ride him so she could cum. 

"I think that he is fucking someone else."

"I doubt that. He is not going a find a more beautiful woman with a great body like you. I cannot imagine him fucking someone else with you at home."

Of course. I lied as I knew he was fucking that dog of a woman in Denver. Paul didn't know it but he was doing me a great favor by ignoring his beautiful wife. 

"Walt, do you like anal foreplay?"

"Yes, definitely, especially with an ass as beautiful as yours."

"I mean, do you like to kiss it? Would you put your tongue there, I mean on my anus?"

"By all means, is that what you like. You want me to rim your sweet bottom."

"Not now but next time. I will douche my ass and have it super clean for you."

"I will look forward to that next time."

She lay back and sighed. We rested a short while and then showered, dressed and left the hotel.

THE NEXT SEVERAL WEEKS

We never went to my condo because there were a few employees from my firm who also lived there. The last thing that we needed was for someone to see Jocelyn entering my place. We continued to meet at different hotels so that we did not establish a pattern or routine. Then I came across a Romantic Interlude that was first rate. I had been leery of them because of their reputations. This one was very exclusive and appealed to the high end. I decided to give it a shot and spared no expense.

Paul was out of town on a Wednesday and Thursday, so I took a day off on Wednesday. I told Jocelyn about the upscale interlude but she did not want to drive there alone. She parked at the shopping mall and I picked her up there at 10:30 AM. We had the room all day and I had brought along sandwiches, wine, special massage oils, bath oil and anal lubricant. I was looking forward to massaging her incredible body and making love to her the entire day.

The interlude was in a very secluded location. After checking in and picking up the room key, I parked my car in the private stall next to our room. We entered the room and she was thrilled. It was beautifully appointed and had a Jacuzzi tub. There was a mini-fridge and I placed our lunch in it along with the white wine. Jocelyn wanted to use the Jacuzzi first so I filled it with water and added the bath oil that I had brought along. We undressed, hung up and folded our clothes neatly.

"I douched my pussy and ass at home," She told me with a sexy smile

We entered the Jacuzzi, I turned on the jets and we kicked back enjoying the bubbles. After a few minutes Jocelyn leaned back into me and I reached around and stroked her marvelous breasts, tweaking and rolling her nipples in my fingers. I slid one of my hands down across her firm abs over her little tuft of hair and found her vagina. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to tease her nipples with my other hand.

As Jocelyn got turned on, she moved to the other side of the Jacuzzi. She leaned over the side and presented her shapely ass to me. Her ass always looked good but this time it glistened with water and bath oil and looked so sensual. I sensed she was in the mood for anal foreplay so I leaned over and licked her pussy from behind driving her wild. Next, I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her anus and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched the taut ring. I really got into it and grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue and she started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it. Lick me there; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my ass, oh yes. I love this."

I placed my mouth on her anus and drove my tongue in past the rubbery ring. I continued to alternate swabbing her pussy and ass. I repeated this several more times until Jocelyn seemed to go into convulsions with her first orgasm of the day. She collapsed back into my arms and I stroked her firm tits as she recovered from the intensity of her climax. She stayed in my arms for several minutes before getting out of the jacuzzi. I knew we would be back in later but I drained it as the water would get cold.

I got the thick fluffy towels and dried her body and then mine. This place was first class as the towels were plush and there were terry cloth robes for us to wear. Jocelyn was up for a massage when I suggested it and she stretched out on her back first at my suggestion. I wanted to save the other side for later as I would spend a long time on her ass. Taking a bottle of massage oil, I began with her neck and shoulders.
