 I wasn’t surprised that Sylvia ignored me. I was surprised when she stopped.

I was a freshman in a smallish east coast university. She was a sophomore or junior or something. I had seen her around the campus, and she always stopped me in my tracks. From the back, I was mesmerized by her perfect butt, which she always poured into tight jeans or spandex shorts that showed off every contour of perfection. From the front, her breasts were full but without a hint of sag, so they bounced back and forth when she walked. More than once I caught myself staring at them with my mouth open in a hypnotic trance.

One night a few friends and I were at a party off campus, and I saw her standing there with another girl that I knew from class. I didn’t dare try to even speak to Sylvia, but her friend had always seemed nice, and so I though I’d say hello, ask her to dance, and see where it went from there. I moved into their corner, made my introductions, and asked her friend to dance. 

“I don’t think so,” said Sylvia’s friend. “I’m not in the mood tonight.” She sort of said it with a sneer, but I tried to take it in stride.

“That’s cool,” I said, but stayed and took another sip of my beer.

Her friend looked at me and, this time with a full-on attitude, added, “Why don’t you just move on to the next girl?”

I didn’t know what to say, but blurted out a weak “sorry,” and walked away. I felt about an inch high, especially in front of Sylvia. What little chance I had with her was quickly reduced to zero.

As I kept walking, trying to distance myself from the scene of my profound rejection, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned and stood face-to-face with Sylvia. 

“Vince, I’m sorry about my friend,” she said. “Nicole’s having trouble with her long-distance boyfriend, and she’d sort of down on all men right now.”

“Oh, that’s okay. Thanks for letting me know.” I tried keeping my eyes glued to hers, and not dropping them down to her cleavage. She was wearing a V-neck tank top, so it was not easy.

She smiled and touched my arm. “If you still want to dance, I’d love to dance with you.”

Two seconds later we were on the dance floor. We danced together pretty much all night, stopping a few times for beers and conversation. I was still nervous as hell, but she seemed to genuinely enjoy herself, and the beers helped. 

As the evening progressed, she got a little bit drunk, and began to hold on to me tightly during the slow songs. This of course, caused by dick to harden in my pants. I wasn’t sure if she felt it against her, but I certainly felt her pressing against me. 

She whispered into my ear, “I’m sorry that Nicole was such a bitch. I want to make it up to you.”

“That’s okay,” I whispered back. “I’m having fun with you.”

She pulled back, and put her face an inch in front of mine. “That’s what I had in mind.” She smiled and then kissed me hard on the lips.

As we broke the kiss, she took my hand and led me out of the apartment. Walking at top speed, we entered another nearby apartment, which was open and much quieter. Without stopping, she dragged me into one of the bedrooms and shut the door. 

She pinned me against the door and lifted my shirt. “I’ve been feeling your cock against my leg for the past half hour, and it’s been driving me crazy.”

She unbuckled my belt and unzipped my fly. I was pinned against the door, and couldn’t move, even if I wanted to. Not that I wanted to. She opened my fly and reached in, roughly grabbing my manhood in her right hand. Staring me right in the eye, she said, “I’m going to suck your cock, Vince. I’m going to suck it until you come in my mouth, and then I’m going to suck it until you get hard again.” 

As she did this, she yanked on it with her hand, using the other one to pull down my pants. I was still pinned to the door, and with my pants down around my knees, I was completely helpless.

She dropped down on her knees and brought her lips to my erection. I could feel the heat of her breath and the wetness of her mouth right away, and the sensation almost made me come right there. She went nearly all the way down on me before slowly pulling it out, all the while sucking hard. Then she sped up, bobbing up and down on me with an energy I’ve never felt before. One hand was on my ass, while the other one softly cupped my balls. 

She pulled off and looked up at me, jacking me off at the same pace as her sucking. “God, you have a beautiful cock. I wish I had known this months ago.” She smiled and put her mouth around the tip of my cockhead, continuing to stroke me with her hand. 

She sucked the head of my cock and increased her speed. The sensation of her sucking on my sensitive head while masturbating my shaft was too much for me, and I came in a rush. She took all of it in her mouth, and swallowed over and over as I came, still stoking me until I stopped coming.

When I was done, she stood up. She smiled at me and said, “That was for my friend. This is for me.” 

With that, she lifted up the tank top, revealing a small bra that was stretched to the hilt by the two most gorgeous breasts I have ever seen. With her arms still over her head, I attacked her, grabbing her around the waist, and putting my lips hungrily over one of her tits. I sucked through the material of her bra for a few seconds, until I found the clip behind her back and unhooked it. I backed off and she shrugged, so that the bra hit the floor in front of her. Her tits were perfectly tanned, and her nipples were hard. I stopped for a second to admire them.

“Do you like?” she said, a smile on her face. “I’ve seen you looking at them before, Vince. We always know when you are looking at our tits. Did you know that, Vince?”

I barely heard the question, but responded by moving to the other nipple with my tongue. I placed with it with my tongue and lips as I heard her softly exhale from the sensation. 

We both got undressed quickly, and she moved to the bed. She was gorgeous from head to toe, and her ass was as beautiful as her tits. She looked down at my cock, and said, “Well I see you are fully recovered. Bring that over here, will you? I need it for something.”

I looked down and saw that I was again fully erect, and walked over to the bed. The look on her face revealed that she wanted me as much as I wanted her, and that turned me on even more. 

I joined her on the bed, and moved my face toward her trimmed pussy. I wanted to spend the next few minutes returning the favor, but she took my chin in her hand and raised my face up to face her own. “No, not tonight. Tonight, I want to fuck.”

The smile was gone from her eyes, and I knew she was serious. I moved up to her, and once again felt her pulling on my cock. With her eyes on mine, she put me at the entrance to her pussy and said, “Fuck me, Vince. Fuck me.”

I slid it in as she gasped. “Oh God. God, that feels good.” 

I pumped her, starting slowly, but continuing faster and faster. She began to moan, also faster and faster. Her pussy was tight, and my dick felt her clench around me. But since I had just come, I was okay. 

After a few minutes, she came. Her body whipped forward and back and she screamed out loud. I kept pumping her, but at this point it was more like riding a bucking bronco than fucking. When she calmed down, I suggested that she turn over. She gave me an evil grin and did just that. She bent forward pointing that gorgeous ass toward me. I held my cock at the entrance to her pussy, and she leaned back until I was inside her. As she did, she moaned again.

I started slamming against her, while she pushed back to me. We quickly settled into a rhythm, kept in time by the slapping of my balls against her firm ass. She once again reached a climax, and I could hear her scream into the pillow. She bucked back against me harder and harder until it was too much for me again. I moaned, and bucked forward, shooting my second load of come into her pussy. I thrust a few more times and collapsed on her back. 

We laid silently for awhile, telling each other how much we enjoyed the past few hours. She turned to me and asked, “Do you remember my friend? The one who was so mean to you tonight?”

I nodded and she smiled. “Guess whose bed we’re in.”