 “Finch Hatton, reservation?” he muttered to the desk clerk. He dropped two heavy bags on the marble floor of the brand new Barcelona Hilton and sighed his weariness at the delayed flights he suffered all day long.

In his room at last, he finished a very hot shower and found the big fluffy robe to wrap himself in as he dried his hair and thought the same thought he had had all day long. Debbie. Debbie and her wonderful loving ways he missed so much on these long trips. Debbie and her beautiful, sensual body which felt so comfortable and so reassuring nestled against him. He had felt the tightness in his pants even on the airplane as his mind fondled her, causing a natural reaction in his penis.

Now he sat down next to the waiting computer terminal. 

“Better see how much they charge to use this thing!” he thought. Then throwing caution to the wind, he started the machine up and signed on to his E-mail account hoping to find a message from her. 

Scanning the list of company mail, he hurried through until at last he found it and quickly opened it. He grinned as he began to read the story she had left for him: 

...Finch had arrived home first and must have been watching for her, for when Debbie came in she could hear the bath running. He had taken off his shirt and Debbie wrapped her arms around him from behind, running her hands over his chest and stroking his nipples. Her hands moved lower and rubbed his semi-hard cock through his pants. He turned around and embraced her. 

"We had better stop now or we won't make it into the bath," he said. 

Debbie laughed and took off her clothes. Finch watched lovingly as she opened her blouse slowly smiling to herself at his pleasure, as she loosed one button at a time until her shear white bra hinted at dark nipples for his eyes only. She tugged the blouse from her skirt and smiled at him as she opened it and then let it slip down her arms. His eyes caressed her breasts, and his hand stopped soaping himself as he stared rapt at her loveliness. 

Her hands found the button and zipper of her skirt and she let it slip to the floor, then hung it on a hook while Finch searched the line her panties sketched across the round cheeks of her bottom. Reaching behind her back and unsnapping the bra, she turned to him as the cups slowly gave up their hold on her breasts. She looked into his eyes, but they were on her nipples, now firm like little volcanoes perkily pointing upward.

She slipped long fingers under the elastic of her panties and pushed them downward until the first dark curls showed above them, then stripped them off as his eyes tried to catch up, taking all of her in. 

Finch easily brought up the image of his lover in her panties and bra and then tried to imagine her as she might have been as she wrote the words. “let’s see, what shall I have her wearing? White slip, silky panties and bra, not matching, though, just around the house so white bra with those sensual blue panties from Victoria’s secret,” he grinned to himself, thinking of the pleasure their bodies found in each other. He loved slipping his hand along the twin curves of her bottom made satiny sleek by her snug panties. Loved the way she shivered as he trailed tickling fingers from one to the other spanning across the cleavage of her bottom. 

Finch shivered himself at the thought of it. He read on.

She slipped into the tub and leaned back against Finch. She reveled in the simple, sensual pleasures, the warmth of the water, the smell of the bubbles, the feel of Finch's arms around her, the anticipation of the afternoon. 

"So what to you think about the tech stocks?" he asked nonchalantly as his fingers caressed her nipples into two erect tips. 

"You really wonder if they know what they're doing," she replied, playing along with the game. "Buy-Sell, I'm not sure anyone knows what to do with their money. Probably a coffee can buried in the back yard is as good as anything right now." 

She reached behind her for his penis. Grasping it tightly, she began to stroke. It rose to the occasion. One of Finch's hands left her nipple and moved down, the fingers becoming entangled in her silky pussy hairs. Causing her to moan softly. 

Finch felt his cock swelling at the thought of her touch. Her hand always thrilled him and it made him reach almost involuntarily for her pussy, longing to hold her mound cupped in his curled fingers as she fondled his cock. There was something lovely about lying together that way holding each other in that intimate way.

He imagined her -with great pleasure- sitting on her new couch, legs pulled up and typing into her WebTV keyboard as she stared intently at what she had written so far and thought about her next move. Her hand was poised over her tummy, slowly stroking back and forth, just touching the triangle of curls at her apex. As she re-read the text, her long fingers reached a little further and she felt her mound under the tips of her fingers, imagining that his would be there if only he were home. 

The thought of her bright red nails contrasting against the white of the slip and pointing to the loveliest of her creases, made him a little light headed and his cock became even harder. Slowly he smoothed his hand against it under the cover of his underwear, enjoying the sensation of pressure, even if it was just his own hand against the eager tingling of the head of his prick and the heavy fullness beginning in his balls.

She laughed and turned to face him. He pulled her close and kissed her deeply, his hands stroking her body. She could feel his hard cock against her stomach. 

"Maybe we should dry off and head for the bedroom where we can get really comfy." 

They tossed a coin for a massage. Debbie won and chose to give Finch one first. He stretched out on his stomach while Debbie poured scented oil onto her palms. She rubbed it into his shoulders and arms and down his back. moving to his feet she worked her way up, along his calves and thighs, easing out all the knots and tension. She massaged his ass with particular care, hearing him groan into the pillow. After thoroughly completing his backside, she turned him over, ready to start on the front. 

"You seem to be relaxing, but there's one very stiff muscle here that I just can't seem to unknot," she said as her hands massaged his stiff penis. 

Finch groaned audibly at the thought of her fondling his cock: also of her sitting there thinking about his cock, typing the word into the text. His cock now tented his shorts as he grew, his mind racing to Debbie, that long distance away.

He rose from the seat and carried the portable keyboard over to the bed and turned the TV Screen so it faced the bed. He grinned at the fact that she had made his cock so hard that it stabbed the air in front of him as it did. He began to lie down, then changed his mind and rummaged in the bag for a small zipper pocket and slipped his fingers inside to find a blue pair of Debbie’s panties she had given him once as a souvenir. They had been wonderfully scented with the complex combination of her pussy and the perfume she wore then, but the scent had long since been lost. 

Still, it was a nice reminder of how lovely she looked filling them out with her curves. He pressed them against his cheek, remembering her loveliness with another smile. It also brought back thoughts of her wonderful sense of humor and her crazy mad laugh, somehow, he didn’t know why, but it was true. But mostly, the panties made his thoughts of her almost real; sensual, warm, loving, erotic.

From the pocket, he also pulled a small vial of lubricant they had never needed in making love, Debbie was always so gloriously moist that slipping into her tightness was always perfect pleasure. The thought of her tight, moist warmth slipping over his cock made him shudder with pleasures recalled.

He continued:

Then she lay flat on top of him, kissing, stroking, rubbing her leg against his cock, teasing. After playing with his ears, her tongue swirling in and around it, nibbling the lobes, she moved to his neck, sucking, kissing, licking, till her mouth began to move down, re-discovering the familiarity of his body. He was never boring-it was like traveling a country road to some secret hide-away. The ride was always a pleasure, filled with the anticipation of reaching ones destination. Though it was the same road, there was constant beauty and changes if one kept ones eyes open. 

Her tongue circled one nipple and Debbie noticed some gray hairs there. At their age she wasn't surprised, then she moved to run her tongue across his chest to the other nipple. His hands were in her hair, gently pulling as he became more aroused. She followed the road down, circling his belly-button and gently spreading his legs apart. She kissed his thighs and rubbed her nose against his balls. Along with his own sex smell there was the smell of the massage oil and freshly laundered sheets. With her left hand, Debbie lifted his balls and reached out her tongue to lick the sensitive spot just behind them. 

Finch stood staring at the words on the screen. 

“My god, sweetheart, you are driving me wild” he said aloud. 

He stripped off his shorts and let his cock free. He stood fondling his cock and then his balls as he re-read Debbie’s lovely words, imagining her as she wrote them. She would have removed her panties, he thought, and as she edited the text must surely have enjoyed slowly rubbing her mound with those long fingers touching, teasing her pussy lips as she sat with one leg up on the couch, her legs parted. Finch gulped at the thought of her hand and the parted lips they fondled, longing to be there now, fondling her with the loving tenderness he always felt for her.

Instead, he lifted his own balls, now swollen with the excitement of Debbie strong in his mind, and held his throbbing cock, thinking of how much gentler and better it would have felt as she slowly moved her hand up and down his shaft when they were together. He wondered if she could imagine the pleasure she was giving him at this great distance.

"My god, sweetheart, you're driving me wild," he moaned and raised his hips, impatiently pushing his cock against her face. She sucked each of his balls, then ran her tongue up and down the shaft of his cock, circling the head and flicking the ridge behind it with her tongue. Finally, she took as much of him as she could into her mouth and wrapped her hand around the rest. Her hand and mouth moved in unison, up and down, up and down. Finch reached for another pillow so he could prop himself up and watch her. Once he had told Debbie how exciting it was to watch his cock disappear into her mouth. Debbie put it down to primal male domination, watching a woman between your legs, giving you head. It excited her to know she was exciting him and she knew that he felt the same way. It was impossible to see where the giving ended and the receiving began, for it was as if they were one... 

“Ho-lllleeeeee cow,” he muttered. “That is so deliciously hot!! Ohmigod! Debbie, you turn me on sooooooo much!!!!!!11” You wonderful, lovely, sexy darling. I just adore you, And you make me want you soooooo badly. Ohmigod.” He laughed quietly, but his cock was growing even more taut and his balls now filling hugely with her every word. It was so wonderfully real, he thought. He took the time to get a couple extra pillows. “Honey, I just love you,” he muttered, and continued reading. He settled on the bed, pillows behind his head, Debbie’s panties in his hand and the vial of lubricant in the other.

...Debbie continued to work his cock, feeling the tight skin stretching tauter. His hands clenched her hair and his sighs were deeper. "Oh, honey, you're making my cock feel so good." 

Her tongue licked his hardening cock and around its head. She felt the tightness of his skin stretched around his cock, its rough texture of veins and muscles contrasting with its satiny surface. She moved her tongue up and down his shaft and around the head while he groaned and sighed beneath her. Debbie wrapped her lips around his hard cock and suckled as if it were a piece of candy, delighting her taste buds. She was focused solely on his pleasure and felt his rising excitement as his hips moved with her mouth. 

Finch closed his eyes a moment and thought of her. Her auburn hair was a delight, framing her face, her ready smile a pleasure to be near. He thought of the pleasure of fondling her breasts and pinching her nipples slightly as her mouth worked his cock in and out, hot and warm and wet against his skin. It was as if her nipples were there, straining into his hands.

But it was his own cock in his hands now. He felt the heat of it and thought of how much hotter Debbie’s cunt felt when they joined to put his cock into that lovely tightness of her vagina. How the head of it felt loved as it parted the lips of her pussy. How the bright coral between her open lips signaled that her excitement matched his own as his cock head merged with her bright pinkness. 

Finch had asked her once on computer messaging what he would see if he looked down at her pussy at that moment. Coral was how she described it’s color and he had always remembered it that way. He wondered if it was wet coral now as she pondered her words on the screen and her fingers caressed her clitoris, glistening with her wetness as she spread her legs wide, thinking of him. 

The lubricant was soft and warm on his hands and made him think of her lips surrounding his cock, her tongue feeling along his length as she suckled him. His hand was a poor substitute, but it had to be. He closed his eyes and imagined it was her wet mouth making love to his now-swollen and aching cock and balls. The wet lubricant was flowing down over his balls as he imitated Debbie’s mouth fucking his cock, making him writhe with pleasure.

As he grew bigger and tighter she moved her mouth faster, responding to the little murmurs and grunts he made. His hips moved against her, his hands tightened in her hair. Debbie could hardly hold him in her mouth when suddenly he cried out and she felt a hot pulsating stream of cum filling her mouth. 

Finch felt his balls contract and his hand tighten it’s up and down caress of his cock. His heels pressed against the bed and his back arched as his sperm was pressed into a stream by his relieved balls. Debbie had made him so excited with just the thought of her loveliness, that the first spurt floated high in the air and then landed, hot and heavy, on his chest. 

He imagined her mouth, filling with the remainder of his cum as it flowed freely over the bulbous end of his cock, spreading warm and creamy down over his hand and his cock, matting the hair surrounding his shaft. Finch thought of the pleasure of Debbie taking all of him into her mouth and swallowing, and then of how he wanted to cradle her in his arms at this moment of release.

Gasping her name, he read more of her words slumped deep into the pillows. “Oh, Debbie, darling, I love you!!!!”

When he subsided, she withdrew her mouth, swallowing and easing her way up to his face. He gathered her into his arms. 

Finch, clutching his hand against himself to keep from spilling the warm sticky liquid of his sex on anything, took a quick shower. Feeling refreshed and completely relaxed now, he returned and flopped on the bed to begin reading again.

"I bet you're ready for a massage after all that hard work," he said. 

"I wouldn’t call it work," Debbie smiled, "and I’m ready for more then a massage." 

"Let's start with a massage and see where that leads." 

Debbie sank into the bed, soft and relaxed. There was no one calling her, no meals to make, no business to interrupt them. There was only a man she adored making her feel good. His hands stroked her body with a knowing intimacy, easing out her tensions and stirring up her desire. He rolled her onto her back and suddenly his mouth was on her breast, his teeth gently pulling, his tongue circling. She gasped and arched her back, pushing up against his mouth. Desire overwhelmed her. She wanted to grab him and pull him on top of her. Hot and ready, she surrendered willingly to the sensations. 

Finch eased his way down, his mouth brushing past her hot cunt to her thighs. She had already spread them apart as an invitation to him. He gladly accepted, kissing and nibbling on one, then the other. Debbie sighed and called his name, trying to move his head to her secret spot. He teased her some more, lips touching her outer lips, not yet venturing inside. The musky smell was intoxicating and he lightly reached in to taste her. A stream of juices greeted him and Debbie groaned as he spread them up over her clitoris. 

Finch fondled her panties again and thought of the single time they had had computer sex together and wondered if she had truly enjoyed it as he had. The thought of her sitting with her legs open, delicate lips spread and wet with pleasure, fingers beginning to imitate the movements his tongue made him involuntarily lick his lips. He thought of her that way now. She looked so beautiful in his mind’s eye, her lips spread for him, his tongue finding the way along them to her clitoris, rolling it around with the tip of his tongue then sucking her between his lips.

The image had made him firmly erect once again and he longed to be there between her legs at this moment. His balls were again aching with a need for her.

His tongue moved up and down the sides of her pearl and gently over it. Then he encircled it with his lips and drew it into his mouth, driving her to desperation. She felt the pleasure surging through every vein and nerve in her body. She felt helpless beneath him, aching for release. But she knew he wouldn't let her cum, that he would hold her back so that he could be inside her. Soon enough he rose, his mouth wet and smiling. 

Finch was thinking of how she must have longed to have him fuck her at this point. She must have been as excited as he was now. His cock longing to be kissed by her pussy lips, then bathed with loving juices from the searing heat of her cunt as he slipped into her, parting those lovely lips before him and having her close tight around him as she took him into her body with a long sigh of pleasure. His cock would have been taut with desire for her, just as it was now. 

Debbie pulled him down onto her, kissing him, tasting herself on his lips. She spread her legs and both sighed as his cock entered her. They looked at each other and giggled. He teased her for a minute, keeping his weight off, pulling his cock out slowly and then back in. 

Debbie was in torment. 

"Please, Finch, fuck me, honey. I need you so much." 

Finch’s imagination reeled at these words, and he suddenly wanted her so much he could taste her pussy in his mouth. Tugging the huge fluffy pillow into a role, he pulled and tugged the satiny blue panties with the Victoria’s Secret band over it until they were taut. Not as nice as her ass would feel, but the sensation might enhance his release -- even more than the need she had built in his mind now.

“Oh, darling, you don’t know how much I need you right now,“ he said quietly. “I wish I was there to fuck you until we both exploded with pleasure.” He lay on top of the pillow, his cock and balls against Debbie’s panties. The sensation was erotic. With his hand he formed an imitation of her wet pussy above the panties and pressed his cock into the vee of his fingers. His cock head touched his palm in the same way it had sampled the deep reaches of her vagina so many times. It wasn’t the same, but it felt good all the same.
