 He nestled between her legs, lying flat on his stomach, his mouth level with her pussy. She was lying with her legs spread wide, her pussy fully exposed to him. She was freshly shaven. He could smell the dainty, musky scent of her womanhood. Her clit was completely hidden by the sheath, but he knew it was just waiting for him to assault it with his tongue and teeth. He made a small swipe with his tongue on her lips. She moaned and arched her back, but too late, shoving her pussy up towards his mouth. He grinned up at her. He made another teasing lick. She groaned with frustration and grabbed his head between her hands. He grinned and bent his head back down - to get serious.

Her pink pussy lips were wet and luscious. They lay there, gaping open before his eyes, just begging for his lips to suckle. He looked up at her. She was kneading her breasts and tweaking her pink nipples, moaning and grinding her hips. She was getting pretty worked up and in the process, making him damned horny too!

His teasing tongue was driving her wild. Her clit ached and pulsated. She could feel her gooey precum oozing from between her pussy lips. She had to feel his tongue on her clit. She grabbed his head and tried to push him down onto her hot pussy. He growled deep in his throat and resisted her hands. She whimpered and huskily begged him to suck her clit. 

He looked up at her, then ducked his head down, tongue lashing out at her clit, then teeth capturing the tip. She cried out in pleasure and her thighs twitched and trembled. Waves of pleasure were building up inside her very core. All that mattered to her now, was to ride that big wave to the top and then come crashing down. He started moving his lips around her clit in a circular movement, tongue and teeth massaging her clit. She writhed beneath his mouth, his hands grabbing her hips to hold her down. She moaned and cried. He could taste her orgasm, rising and cresting. Her juices flowed sweet, clear and slippery. 

She toppled over to one side crying out in ecstasy. He strengthened his grip, not letting her get away. Her body shook and shuddered as her orgasm ripped through her body. Her hands clenched the sheets as her body was taken over by the sudden strength of the orgasm. Her body twitched and convulsed for what seemed an eternity.

The convulsions soon subsided with her gasping for air, her body gleaming with sweat. She would twitch every moment or so, as the waves diminished. He watched as she began to come slowly back to earth. She looked up at him and smiled. He grinned back, gave her wet pussy a last, lingering kiss and slid up beside her, taking her in his arms. She snuggled against him, let out a big sigh of contentment and hugged him tightly. They lay quietly.

"Thank you," she whispered. 

"My pleasure," he answered back with a huge grin.

"Now it's your turn," she said sitting up, diving between his legs.

"Oh God," he groaned, his hands reaching for her head. 

She smiled a huge grin back at him and replied, "Paybacks!! Are you ready?"

"Oh, baby. Am I!!! I am so horny from sucking your beautiful, succulent pussy. I'm ready to explode!"

"Lie back and fasten your seat belt!" she urged. "This is going to be a bumpy ride!"

She began to lick his thighs and his stomach, dragging her tongue over his belly and between his legs, never touching his cock. She licked the insides of his thighs, raining intermittent kisses along the way. His hands reached down and tried to push her head onto his hardening cock.

"Bad, bad boy!" she admonished. "Getting a bit impatient, are we?"

With that, she jumped out of bed and went to the closet, emerging with two silk ties. She slid back into bed and straddled his chest, grabbing one of his hands and wrapping the tie around his wrist and tying it to the bedpost. She grabbed the other hand and did the same. His eyes were big and he looked a little nervous.

"Oh baby. I'm not too sure about this!" he exclaimed.

"Trust me. This is going to be a lot of fun! You'll see," she whispered into his ear, gently nibbling his lobe.

They had talked about tying each other up many times before, but had never actually done it. This was a first!

She began to move back down his body, her heavy breasts trailing down his chest and then his stomach. She gasped as she came eye to eye with his cock, long and hard, with a purplish head. Drops of pre cum dripped down the length of his cock, to a sticky puddle on his stomach. Her tongue greedily began to lick the puddle, savoring every drop. His hips were humping off the bed, cock bouncing up and down. She laughed and began to lick the gooey drops from his cock, creating long, silky strings from his cock to her mouth. She purred as she swept each sweet string into her mouth. 

She loved the taste of his juices, starting with this appetizer. She was looking forward to the main course, as she adored the taste of his sperm. She loved swallowing every drop of his spunk and was making it one of her daily food groups.

She licked her lips after she had cleaned up every drop of pre cum, but wanted more. Much more. She cupped his heavy balls in her hand and began sucking gently, taking one ball in her mouth and bathing it gently with her tongue. She did the same with the other, kissing them both when she was done. She dragged the flat of her tongue, from the root of his cock up to the tip. He groaned as several more drops of pre cum spilled out and ran down the side. She quickly licked them up before they slid away from her. 

Kissing the tip of his cock, she looked up at him. His head was thrown back and he was moaning softly, begging her to take him deep into her mouth. She obliged, taking him deep into her mouth in one long swallow. His hips lurched off the bed and she had to fight to keep him in her mouth. She grabbed his thighs and held him tight, her throat swallowing around his cock head. She grabbed his balls and pulled them up towards his cock. They squirmed in her hand and became very hard and tight. She released his cock from her throat and came up for air. Her tongue bathed his cock from top to bottom - long firm licks, then feathery dancing swipes. He was gasping for air, his chest heaving as if he had just run a mile. 

He let him catch his breath for a bit, licking, kissing and stroking his cock with her tongue. She loved sucking him and enjoyed driving him to the edge several times before letting him shoot deep into her mouth. It drove him up the wall and by the time she usually let him explode, he was so far gone, that he didn't know which end was up! 

She sucked him deeply into her mouth and began sliding up and down his rod. With her fingertips, she applied gentle yet firm pressure just above his pubic bone, which turned him on even more. He began to thrust his cock in and out of her mouth, faster and harder. She opened her throat and with each thrust, he was able to drive his cock deeper and deeper. 

She cupped his balls in her hand and squeezed gently, with her finger circling around his asshole. He began to moan and she could feel the sperm boiling in his loins. His balls and ass were soaked with her saliva, for she had been drooling copiously the entire time she had been sucking his cock. She inserted a finger into his ass and he cried out in desire. Between her hungry mouth sliding up and down on his pole and her finger deep in his ass, he couldn't hold his orgasm back any longer. He yelled out, arms fighting the bonds that held him, head thrashing from side to side. As he started to cum, she slammed her mouth down onto his cock, swallowing him deeply into her throat. While his cock was embedded, she began to make swallowing actions with her throat, which sent him over the edge. His balls emptied their creamy load into her mouth, spurt after spurt.

His body thrashed and writhed under her mouth for a few more seconds. Slowly, his orgasm subsided and he gradually came back down to earth. She released him from her mouth and laid her head on his stomach, out of breath a bit herself! She gently tongue-bathed his cock and kissed it. She slid up his body, untied the silk ties from his hands and laid on top of him. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. 

"You are fucking amazing!", he whispered. "Each time we make love, it just keeps getting better!"

"Well, I have a tough act to follow," she murmured. "You inspire me!"

"Mmmmmm, as you inspire me!" he replied. "Here's to inspirations!" as he bent down to kiss her.