 She was having a hard time sleeping. She tossed and turned again, then looked at the clock, 2:30 in the morning. Would she ever fall asleep?

Next to her her husband suddenly turned over, still asleep. In his sleep he put his arms around her and held her tightly to him. She was jealous of him, but it felt good to be held close. She loved the way he held her close even in his sleep.

As she relaxed against him and tried to sleep, she slowly grew conscious of his penis brushing against her leg. She reached down under the sheets and touched it. She liked the feel of it when it was small. Before it grew large it was so velvety smooth. She wrapped her hands around it and concentrated on its unique feel.

As she did so she remembered a request her husband had once asked. Once when she complained to him about her insomnia, he had told her that she should wake him up to make love next time, for making love always relaxed him enough to sleep. He said that he wanted to be there for her and if she needed him, he wanted to do all he could for her. She caught her breath realizing that she was starting to get wet between her legs just thinking about it and she quickly made up her mind that tonight was a good night to fulfill his request.

She let go of his cock for a minute and began tracing its outline against her palm. It responded quickly and began to grow longer and harder. This was the part she really loved. She loved to feel of his cock growing in her hand. She liked to think that it was her touch that was making him respond so. Then she softly squeezed the head of his cock and felt a drop of pre-cum appear. Her pussy was getting even wetter. She wrapped her hand again around his now stiff cock and began to stroke him up and down. Slowly at first, then faster as she felt the hardness.

He wasn't awake yet. Her husband had always been a hard sleeper, but she was surprised that he could be so hard while dozing. It was a hot summer night so she drew the sheet back and looked at her handiwork. His cock was gorgeous when it was hard. She loved the way the veins stood out and it seemed to throb.

Suddenly she had the urge to kiss his cock. She leaned low over him and kissed him softly on the head. It responded with a jerk, then was still again. She kissed him again and got the same response. She was wide awake and enjoying it now. She held on to his cock with one hand and wrapped her lips around the head fully. It responded with another jerk, then seemed to be even more erect, if that was possible.

Her other hand was down between her legs. She could feel her moisture. She was really quite slippery - the way her husband loved it. She inserted a finger and felt her warmth. She withdrew it to trace the outline of her clitoris, her love pearl as her husband loved to call it when he kissed it. It was beginning to throb just like the cock in her mouth.

She circled his cock with her tongue, then let it slip out of her mouth. She held it with her hand for a moment without moving it. She just felt it throb and felt how it made her body respond. She loved this man so much. They had had 6 years of a wonderful marriage together. She reinserted her finger into her pussy and this time rubbed her entire pussy mouth. She was definetly wet enough, why wasn't he waking up?

Just then he rolled over. He was still asleep, but he turned on to his back thrusting his cock skyward with the powerful erection. She sat up and looked at his beautiful body. The moonlight shown through the window and lit him up perfectly. His chest was muscular from all of his hiking. His hair was long. His eyes, which she loved were shut and she could not see their blueness, but she knew they were there and imagined him looking at her with that look of desire he often had in them in the evenings.

Her desire was strong now as she looked at his erect cock in the moonlight. Suddenly she wondered, did she dare? He was hard, he was on his back. His cock thrust in the air the way it did when she usually mounted him. Could she climb on top of him without waking him?

She wondered for a moment more, then slowly straddled his body. She was looking down at him now still admiring his body. She held on to his cock with both hands and stroked him slowly for a minute more. Then she pulled herself up on her knees and holding his cock with her hand, rubbed her pussy juices all over its head. When it began to slide into her on its own, she knew it was time. She pushed just the head of it inside and felt it throb against and inside of her. She loved this part. Slowly, as slowly as she could she let herself down on to his piston.

When he was all the way inside of her she sighed. It felt so good to have him there. At the same time his eyes opened. He looked up at her in surprise, but quickly a smile came to his face. He said simply, "Come here my darling."

She leaned over to kiss him, feeling him move inside of her. As their lips locked in a tight embrace, he began pumping himself in and out of her. At first he started slow, but as the moisture from their bodies lubricated his cock and her pussy, he started going faster.

She sat up on him to slow him down and he smiled. He reached up to cup her breast with her hand and felt its roundness. Her nipple was hard and erect. She smiled and leaned over where he could draw it into his mouth. When he did she gasped. It felt wonderful. It always did with him. As she leaned over the momentum of his thrusts increased, but only slightly. It was clear he was enjoying going slow now as well.

She sat up again where he could see her. He looked up at his adorable wife, her skin shining with its light perspiration from their labor and without thinking blurted out, "I love you. Oh, oh, fuccck me morrre."

As she rocked herself on him, she felt the familiar throb of his cock and knew he was about to come. As she felt him start to come, she felt the waves of pleasure begin in her body as well. Suddenly neither of them could hold themselves back any longer and with moans of ecstasy they came together.

"I love you. I love you so much." "I love you too."

"Thank you for waking me to help you."

"Oh, the pleasure was all mine."

He grinned and rolled her over to kiss her again.

Five minutes later they were both sound asleep.