 A sequel to 'Surprise from my s-i-l'

**********

A few months after my unexpected weekend with Diane, my former sister-in-law, we spoke on the phone as I was passing through London, and I mentioned to her that I was on the way to Paris.

"Oh - you have to look up Sue!" she exclaimed. "You haven't seen her for years! She'll be excited to see you!" 

I wracked my brains before dimly remembering that 'Sue' was her eldest daughter. I had not seen her for ten or fifteen years, and probably wouldn't have recognized her. 

"What is she doing in Paris? How long has she been there?" I asked.

"Don't you remember?" Diane asked rather accusingly, "You were at her wedding?"

"Ummm ... yes, of course" I responded guiltily.

"Well, you obviously don't remember, but she and her husband moved to Paris. They divorced a couple of years ago, but she's still there - she's a lawyer with the Paris office of a British law firm. I'll tell her you're coming - look her up!"

"If I've got time, I'd be happy to!" I replied...

So, a week later, my business was over early, and I had a couple of days free before I went back. On an impulse, I looked in my cell phone for the email and phone number Diane had sent me. 

"Sue - hi, it's Uncle Mike."

"Uncle - I'm SO excited to hear from you!. I haven't seen you for years!. When can we meet?"

"Can I take you out to dinner tonight?" I asked.

"Sure. That'd be great!" she said.

We fixed on a restaurant she recommended, apparently near to her apartment (but far from my hotel) and arranged to meet that evening. The restaurant was great; the food excellent - but the biggest surprise was my niece, who had changed from the rather gawky young woman I dimly remembered to a younger, even more beautiful version of her mother. She excelled in two distinct physical features - a pair of naturally thick, voluptuous lips, not at all unattractive; and a truly stunning pair of breasts, of which she displayed just enough to be tantalizing to any male. She shared with her mum a high, round backside.

We finished our meal with a hot, dark coffee. 

Sue looked at me. 

"Uncle, this is so nice. Let me show you my apartment - it's just around the block. We can have a nightcap."

A few minutes later we were in her tastefully decorated apartment. I relaxed on a soft, deep sofa, and she poured me a drink. 

"Hold on, I'll be back in a moment," she said "Make yourself comfortable." 

I took of my shoes, jacket and tie, and looked around.

A few minutes later Sue reappeared. She was barefoot, wearing a short nightie through which a black bra and panties could be seen. and had let her hair down round her shoulders. A pair of gorgeous legs, previously covered up, drew my eyes.

She came and sat on the floor between my legs, and started stroking the bulging front of my trousers. I was in shock. "What is this about?" I mumbled.

"Mummy said that you were always sad, and needed cheering up," she giggled.

I leaned forward and grasped her hair, pulling backwards so that she was looking up and facing me.

"And was this mummy's suggestion about how you should cheer me up?" I asked, also noticing the gleam in her eye as I pulled her hair.

She grinned broadly. "Bedroom," she replied.

We went in. I undressed down to my briefs, and she took off her nightie. 

It was wild. I stretched out in bed and she lay on top. I put both my hands inside her panties, and stroked her buttocks. She squirmed, and kissed me aggressively. She pulled down my boxers, and started stroking my cock. "Wow," she said.

Within a minute she was sitting up, sans panties, and riding my cock. I reached up and behind her and unhooked her bra. Two full breasts with dark, hard nipples swung into view. 

"Yeah, oh yeah!" she exclaimed. I squeezed those gorgeous breasts, and she was even more excited. She took one of my hands and put it on her clit, where I was happy to oblige her. I cannot describe the sight of this late-twenties woman riding my cock, her breasts and hair flying, quickly losing control. She screamed, pushed down on me as hard as she could, shook all over her body and then suddenly just calmed down completely. 

She leaned forward and gave me a huge, slow, wet kiss, and whispered to me - "What do you want?" I remembered her mother, and just pushed her off me and started to turn her over. She knew exactly what I wanted, and crouched on her knees in front of me. In contradistinction to the pounding I gave Diane, I just slowly and deliberately penetrated and withdrew, penetrated and withdrew. She built up to a second, different orgasm as I leaned forward and cupped those round, heavy breasts in both hands. I loved the soft, heavy sensation, and twisted her nipples. 

With a series of deep, shuddering breaths she came, and I came inside her simultaneously. She turned and with those full lips sucked my cock clean, slowly and gently.

Then something unexpected happened. She looked at me. 

"Haven't I been a naughty girl?" she said quietly.

Like an idiot, it took me a couple of moments to understand what was happening.

"I have, I have been very naughty, and I should be punished," she repeated. 

Lying next to me, she turned over on her side and presented me with a perfectly formed, pink buttock.

"You have been very naughty, and I will spank you, hard," I said with as much seriousness as I could assume. With that - crack! I slapped her hard. Her response was to turn on her stomach, presenting me with her bottom. I slapped both buttocks, several times, until I was leaving pink marks. 

"OK, that is sufficient punishment," I declared. She turned towards me, grinning.

"So-o-o good," she said. "Can I report to mummy that I cheered you up?"

***************