 Have you ever wondered how two people can develop an immediate sexual attraction for each other? I am not referring to the normal cat and mouse game of people on the make at a party or in a bar. I refer to the normal daily interchange between two people thrown together by chance or events. 

In my case, I have enjoyed the experience with women I have met at parties or social gatherings; with the wife of a friend; a lady clerk in a store; a neighbor. The attraction seems to develop like osmosis. On those rare occasions; as soon as eye contact is made; I can feel these extra sensory vibes conveying a flood of pleasant if not erotic thoughts. It occurs without prompting and does not seem to require a physical touch or a sexual word to be ignited. 

It does not happen very often; possibly only once out of fifty women with whom I have come in some kind of social contact. It is usually immediate but on one or two occasions develops over a little more time. It has happened to me with younger women; older women; married women; divorced women; pretty women and plain women. There does not appear to be any one particular factor that drives it. The feelings appear mutual and the other person knows that you know that she knows that you know. 

There has been a woman like this for me in almost every office in which I have worked. Whatever it is that brings it about, you just enjoy being near them without anything apparently sexual in your mind and yet at the same time it is all about sex. 

For the most part, nothing much has ever developed from these situations other than that momentary rush. On a few occasions I have made tentative moves but was rebuffed; albeit gently. In those cases of course, I was no longer certain that it was a two-way flow. On a few occasions the woman made the first move and I was for some reason not in a particularly receptive mood at the time; even though I might normally have been interested.

There was Henrietta. We worked at a remote mine site together. She was about ten years younger than I. I was married but she was not. There was nothing special about her from a physical beauty point of view. I suspect that from her point of view there was not much special about me either. We virtually fucked each other visually each day; our eyes meeting across the office. But we never even touched. 

There was Marie in another office; an older woman with big tits who liked to stand next to me and brush them on me. She often wore blouses with plunging necklines and lace half cup bras; serenely leaning over the end of my drafting table to chat. She was married but estranged from her husband despite living in the same house. I had the feeling that I could have nailed her any time I wanted. But I never tried, I just enjoyed our daily exchanges and I swear it was not her big tits that were the only motivation. 

Then Estelle; I drove her and another lady to work for a number of months. She used to grab the front seat next to me and force the other lady to take the outside seat. She always managed to touch my hand; her hip would press against mine; she would fumble around getting out and rub a breast against my arm. When we met during the day in the office her eyes just smoldered at me. My ardor was somewhat tempered by the fact she was married to a very rugged guy.

But then there was Sharon. Sharon was a secretary; married with children; who worked in the same office as I and in fact did most of my secretarial work. She was a little younger than I and from the first day that I laid eyes on her I could feel those vibes emanating from her and her receiving mine. The sensation is indescribable. 

I had never had the occasion to date or to become romantically involved with a lady of her appearance but had always yearned to get close and personal with one of her type. She was a slight strawberry blonde, with very white skin and freckles. I imagined that she had pink nipples; not to mention a reddish bush and pink pussy lips. It was always very easy to fantasize fucking her and I ran a series of porn video clips through my mind each time I thought about her.

From the very first moment I met Sharon this attraction worked overtime on my mind. It was also obvious from the start that she felt attracted to me. Her body language; the fact that she came into my office at every opportunity; the way she brushed against me in the copy room; all worked on my ego over a period of several years. One of a woman's most potent aphrodisiacs is simply showing erotic interest in a man. 

We did not express those feelings in words, and for much of the time we worked together we seemed content with the intense flirting with our eyes and light body brushes and occasional suggestive comments. 

I loved the feel of her breasts when she would rub one on my arm or press against me from behind. She had the softest tits that I have ever felt and I could almost taste them and imagined how sweet it would be to kiss her nipples. I pictured her naked on a bed with her body spread on a totally white sheet and pillow; her nipples jutting upwards and ready to be licked; the V of her reddish bush pointing at her pussy. 

It was her birthday one day and as I was the only one of the partners in the office I invited her out to lunch. We always took an employee out for lunch on special days and I was only too pleased to take on that particular chore on this day. 

I admit that I was fantasizing about where the afternoon might lead as I drove her to an upscale restaurant. It would be lunch and a bottle of wine; find a hotel room; then fuck our brains out. Well it did not happen that way but it was still an erotic few hours. 

I was not surprised that I did not make some kind of an advance; my imagination was always more daring than my actions. I could not tell from her demeanor whether she was expecting something from me or not. She was her normal self when we talked; seemingly interested in everything we talked about; her eyes focused and lingering on mine with what I took to be a languorous look; an occasional brush of our bodies as we moved; and knees meeting under the table; not exactly rubbing but not withdrawing quickly in embarrassment. 

The lunchtime was much like our office encounters, promising much and delivering little except increased desire and lust for each other. Nonetheless I still enjoyed our time together and was not really worried about whether we would get together. It was just more pleasure.

As usual; I was the last one out of the office that same day and was working at my desk. Sharon came in and bent over me as I sat in my chair and kissed me softly. "Thank you for lunch Jim, you made my day quite special." She stood still as my hand went around her back to pull her closer. I began to ease it down towards her butt. She smiled and laid another soft kiss on me and said, "Have to run now," and slowly disengaged. 

Maybe that is the secret about this kind of relationship. We were comfortable with our feelings towards each other and the acceptance of the sexual attraction without any real need to plan an encounter. I must admit to a lot of fantasizing about a meeting however; until the day it did happen and then more by accident than design. 

On that particular occasion I had an important report to finalize and had to work on a Saturday morning in order to meet a deadline. Sharon volunteered to come out and finish the typing and copying after I had completed my work. 

She arrived on time and she looked stunning. It was a warm summer day and she was dressed in light weekend type clothes, thin white blouse over a lace-trimmed bra, and white sun skirt. I had never had much of a look at her legs before and they were very enticing in the short skirt. She was especially desirable from behind as I could almost see her cheeks through the cloth. I was erect within minutes of her arrival. 

We were standing at a drafting table and as I began to describe the work requirements she moved against me pressing one marsh mellow tit against my arm. I stopped talking and looked her directly in the eyes. Her eyes were unwaveringly fastened to mine and I could feel the pressure and heat of her breast.

I leaned towards her and kissed her softly on the lips. She allowed her lips to soften and part slightly as our lips lingered. I drew back to look at her again, there was no change in her eyes except they were slightly hooded as when a woman is becoming aroused.

I turned her and pulled her against me and we enjoyed a full tongue French kiss. My hands slid down to her ass cheeks and cupped them just were they met her legs and I pulled her hips strongly against my erect cock. We ground against each other for a few moments; but then she pushed back from me a bit as if to suggest that we had gone far enough.

Our eyes met again and I could see the uncertainty running through her mind and body. We had not spoken word one to this point. Still looking at her, I eased her up against the wall beside the door and shut it. The outside office door was locked so that there was little chance that we would be surprised by anyone arriving unexpectedly. 

I took her arms and raised them around my neck and said, "Just give me five minutes". I took her silence for an affirmative and moved in tight to her body for another tongue filled kiss. My hands moved down her body, caressing the swell of her breasts, pressing down along her sides and then behind to cup her cheeks once more. Can there be a better feeling in the world than to hold a passionate woman's cheeks in your hands? 

She may have been reluctant but she was certainly enjoying my hands as her breath came in little gasps. I brought one hand around her hip to slide up the inside of her leg to rub her pussy through her skirt and panties. I moved back a little and began to undo her blouse buttons. There were only about 8 of them but it seemed that there were 50 and they were so damn tiny my fingers could barely work them through the buttonholes. 

At last the blouse was open and I pulled the tail of it out of her skirt band. I slid my hands behind her back to undo the bra hooks. Her eyes were closed. I fumbled around until she whispered, "Front hooks." After taking too much of my 5 minutes the bra loosened and I was able to open it up and expose her gorgeous soft freckled tits; pink nipples stabbing outwards. 

I fingered the nipples and could barely contain myself in the rush to take one in my mouth. She made no move to stop me; possibly because she sensed that it could not have been done; so determined was I to taste her. 

As I worked my tongue and lips over her breasts my hands went down and up under her skirt. She was wearing lace-trimmed panties; enough alone to get me off; I rubbed her pussy through the panties. She whimpered, "Oh God Jim. We shouldn't be doing this. 

She spread her legs as my fingers moved the cloth of the panties to one side and my fingers rubbed her bare mound; then slipped down along her slit; one finger each side of it; caressing the crease between the slit and her legs. God this has to be the most exciting few seconds in a man's life. The first touch of every pussy I have felt remains in my mind forever. 

I was beginning to become frantic. I suspected my time was running out although I had accomplished much more than I had ever imagined. Why had I not suggested 20 minutes! But I now had her panties on the floor and her tits hanging free of her bra. 

Should I kiss those breasts that I had been fantasizing about? Should I go down on her and maybe drive her to the point that she wanted it all? As I considered my next move I went back to her mouth and we kissed passionately; our tongues and lips lashing and sucking.

Finally I whispered, "How much more time?" 

She said, "five minutes!" 

With that I immediately undid my belt and dropped my pants to the floor beside her panties. As I kicked them off her hand slid in my shorts and began to stroke my engorged cock. She was almost desperate in her desire to feel and look at my cock. Still holding it in one hand, she used the other hand to push my shorts off my ass and part way down my thighs. I was hoping she was about to go down on me, but she did not. She just looked and stroked. 

I went back at her soft slippery pussy, pushing my fingers in part way as I began finger fucking her while I searched for her clitoris. We masturbated each other for a while and then I moved back in front of her and slipped my cock between her legs. 

She pulled back a bit and pushed the blouse and bra aside in an obvious invitation. She moaned, "Please Jim, make love to them again." I raised her up by grabbing the cheeks of her ass and sliding her up the wall until her tits were at my mouth. I hungrily licked and sucked them, the nipples popping in and out of my mouth constantly. I felt her relax a bit and slowly lowered her down until my cock slid back between her legs.

She slipped her pussy lips back and forth along the top of my cock. She went up on her toes in anticipation of me pushing my knob into her slit. I was teasing her a little by just pushing it into the outer rim of her lips and then withdrawing just as she expected a full thrust. Both of my knees had pushed between her legs and were pressed against the wall in preparation to sink it up her. We were in another world and ready to do it all!

Just then, a door slammed at the front of the office building. We froze for a few minutes, waiting to see whether the person entered an office close to us. I continued to rub my cock along her slit as we stood there continuing our standing dry fuck.

"Jim, Jim, don't stop now, I want you in me." I lifted one of her legs up to my hips and my cock just eased slowly up inside of her. "Oh yes, yes, do it now."

I humped her there against the wall for a few minutes, and as pleasing as it was I could not really get at her. I debated whether I would lay her on my desk or on the floor to fuck. There was an armless chair on wheels just beside me and I moved towards it carrying her as I moved. 

I turned and sat in it with her following on my lap facing me. My cock slipped out as I sat back and as she moved to straddle me, she frantically grabbed my cock and stuffed it back inside her, and sat down heavily on me and my cock went in her to my balls.

"Ah God, fuck me Sharon, just fuck me." Her arms went around my neck; her tits jammed against my face and she began rising and falling on my cock; crying and whimpering as she did. She did not stop fucking, I could feel her body shaking and trembling as she pounded away. I lifted her ass up with my hands to give me some room and began jamming it up in her.

"I'm cumming baby, here it is," and her body stiffened at my words and she jammed down hard on me as her orgasm took over. We sat there; she still on my lap; our hearts pounding. 

She kissed me softly and then in my ear "I really needed that Jim, you saved my life."

We never met like that again. Our normal relationship continued much as before. The actions were the same and the warmth remained. We never talked about that day. About the only indirect comments she ever made some time later was to tell me that her husband had gone through a bad spell of ill health and how during that time she had taken to reading the Personal ads in the newspapers as a means of feeding her erotic needs. 

I never asked if that had been the reason for our Saturday morning encounter and she never admitted it was the reason. I could care less if I had been used, and would have been glad to help out even more!