 This story was written to prove a point. While they have their place, crude sexual and anatomical terms bring out the baser, more animal, instincts in us. As creatures of higher thinking, it is more often the simplicity and the depth of the act itself that seduces us. In this vein, I wrote to celebrate the sexual act as one of power and beauty. 

I hope you will enjoy my story and be drawn into my interlude…

We stand in the doorway to the room. It is filled with hundreds of candles, glowing a soft gold, their scent soothing. The walls are a deep red. The blend of colors, reminiscent of the Orient, is warm and sensual. To our left is a large pool sunk in the floor, water gently swirling, fragrant steam rising to blend with the scent of the candles. In front of us is a large bed draped in rich linens of gold and red, it’s posts standing like sentinels. The soft, steady pulse of the music beckons. We enter. We are nude.

I lead you toward the bed, gently urging you to lie face down on the smooth linen. I reach for a glass bottle warming in a basin of water beside the bed. I straddle your waist, facing your head, pinning your arms to your sides with my knees and begin to massage you with the heated oil. I start at your neck, stroking slowly out across your shoulders, then trace back to your neck, rhythmically repeating my movements again, yet again…..I move my hand down the center of your back, following the muscles on either side of your spine to your waist, again, down and up, down and up, timing my movements with the beat of the music that seems to fill the room. Each time I change position, I add more oil, pausing only briefly. I move my hands to your sides and stroke firmly upward from your waist along your ribs, then more lightly back down, leaning slightly forward with each upward stroke, my whole body begins to move with the pulse of the music, the sound of the water, the beat of your heart.

I shift position, still keeping your arms pinned with my knees, but facing your feet. I slowly massage your buttocks, circular strokes, gently kneading the muscles beneath my hands. You try to move beneath me…..”be still”, I whisper. I begin to stroke the back of your left thigh with both hands from your buttock to your knees, my pressure firm as I go down, then lightly trailing my fingers back up. Repeating the strokes again, firm, then light, gently rocking now with my movements. I repeat the same process with your right leg, buttock to knee, firm them light, firm then light. My hands move to grasp your left ankle, and bending your knee, I rest you heel between my breasts. I stroke your calf muscles, never breaking the steady rhythm. I move my skilled fingers over your foot, gently pull your toes, pause to kiss the arch. You try not to moan as I move to repeat the same steps with the right leg; pulling gently on your toes, sucking them into my mouth, before continuing with my massage of you foot and calf.

I urge you to roll over onto your back, but again, I straddle your waist and pin your arms to your sides. I pause to kiss you, ever so lightly, just a brush of my lips on yours, before I begin to stroke from your shoulders, down your arms, my eyes on yours. The scents in the room go stronger, mingled with the scents of our passion. My hands shift to your chest and I firmly stroke down, fingers splayed over your ribs, to your waist, then up again, over and over, my rhythm increasing only slightly as your pulse quickens. I turn to face your feet again. You try to touch me, but again I keep your arms pinned. I massage the fronts of your thighs as I did the backs, firm then light strokes, down and up, first the left, then the right. I switch and put one hand on the inside of each thigh and lightly trail my fingers up and down your thighs, moving closer each stroke to your center, felling you tense with pleasure beneath my hands, watching your erection grow.

I shift so that I can lean down and lick just the tip of your erection with my tongue, then slowly encircling it. I take it in my mouth inch by inch, massaging it with my tongue, working up and down it. You begin to move beneath me. I am becoming warm and moist where my body rests against you. I begin to lose myself as I massage your erection with my mouth, and I raise my hips up, shifting to be able to take you deeper. You free one hand and reach up stroking my buttocks, my skin slick from the oil. You slide your hand between my thighs and stroke my clitoris. I moan and increase my pace, as I rub myself against your hand.

Suddenly you thrust two fingers deep into me, and a raise my head and cry out as I come, tightening around your fingers. You take advantage of my weakness, grabbing my hips and rolling me onto my back. Your straddle my thighs and pin my arms beside my head, leaning down to kiss me deeply, our tongues seeking, inciting. You slide your mouth down my throat to brush your hair over my breasts, then you take my right nipple into your mouth, gentle teasing at first. You begin to suckle first one breast then the other, growing more aggressive, pulling and nipping with your teeth. I arch my back beneath you as your start to kiss and lick your way down my torso, over my belly, pausing just above my bare pubis. You look up to me, and I raise my head to meet your eyes, then you slide your tongue down over my swollen clitoris, lapping up my wetness.

I raise my legs up to brace my feet on your shoulders as you feast on me, my hands pinned to my sides. I am your prisoner as you drive me up and over the edge of another orgasm. My body grows limp, shuddering. You move up to kiss me again, letting me taste myself on your lips, your tongue…..Using my legs I roll you onto your side, then your back, never breaking our kiss. I straddle you and lift myself over you, then begin to slowly bring myself down, impaled on your erection….

You lace your fingers with mine and I brace myself against you as we move slowly at first. I take you all the way into me then nearly out. Our hearts beat as one and we move to the rhythm of the music. Your eyes locked on mine, you begin to move faster, thrusting deeper. I feel myself once more going up toward my peak and my back arches, my head rolls back. You let go of my hands and streak your hands up my torso to my breasts, grasping and twisting my nipples, hard. I scream as I come. You make one last hard thrust deep into my center, following me over the edge, spilling yourself in me….

I collapse on top of you, and you bring your arms up, pulling me protectively to you, stroking me as my breathing begins to slow. You shift into a sitting position, pulling me into your lap, and swinging your legs off the edge of the bed. You rise and carry me to the waiting pool, stepping slowly down into the water. You lower our bodies into the steaming water, settling me on your lap. You soothe me until I fall asleep in your arms…..