 He was sitting on the bed as she walked into the room. She had changed into a sheer, floor-length nightgown, through the gauzy material it was obvious that she wore neither bra nor underwear, her nipples were pressing against the fabric. He stood and went to her. 

"You’re beautiful, baby, just beautiful." With that he kissed her, a gentle brushing of each other's lips. She reached up and laid her hand against his cheek.

"You too, love." And she pulled his mouth back to hers in a kiss that was no longer gentle but passionate, filled with need that demanded the same, and more, in return. Always ready to please her, he wrapped his arms around her slender waist, placed his hands on her ass and pulled her against him. As their nether regions met she let out a helpless moan. He could stand it no longer, shifting his hands he lifted her in his arms. She kissed his neck, nibbling just below his ear, as he carried her to the bed.

Laying her down, he stood, watching as she writhed excitedly on the bed. Then with a sound that was part moan, part growl, he lay down next to her, his lips searching for hers, his hands searching for the perfect breasts he knew were concealed by the thin material of her gown. He rubbed her erect nipples through the fabric and was rewarded with a quiet moan. Wanting to feel her soft flesh beneath his hands, he reached for the hem of her garment and lifted it higher and higher; exposing first delicate ankles, then a pair of long legs, her hips and off it came. She raised her arms and lifted her body, arching her back slightly to help him. He glanced down while she was still arched, her breasts were reaching for the sky, her nipples like rosy thimbles.

Tossing the discarded clothing to the floor he kissed her shoulder, her neck, her earlobe. He whispered sweet nothings in her ear and she squirmed as his hot breath tickled her. Kissing her lips once more, he started to work his way downwards. His hands were already massaging and fondling her breasts and his hot mouth joined them, nibbling on her nipples, gently tugging on them, dragging his teeth across the sensitive skin. She had her head thrown back, eyes closed as her breathing quickened.

Just as he was headed even lower her small hands stopped him.

"My turn." She pushed him onto the bed beside her and straddled his waist. She unbuttoned his shirt, running her hands across his smooth, hairless chest, feeling the muscles there. Leaning down she licked and suckled his hard little nipples. His gasp was enough to let her know that he was enjoying it. Moving her body down farther on his, she fumbled with the zipper on his pants. With a little triumphant squeal, she had them undone and was tugging them over his hips, which he obligingly lifted. With his pants gone there was only a thin covering of fabric that stood between her and her goal. She gave him a deliciously naughty grin and leaned forward, grasping the waistband of his boxers in her teeth. She tugged them down, her hot breath on his cock caused him to pant with desire. A little tugging later she was back up straddling his waist, his hard cock pressing against her wet pussy as she kissed him, hard. Her tongue pressed savagely into his mouth, wanting to taste him. His hands tangled in her hair as the kiss continued, both panting for breath. Pulling away she scooted down the bed.

Taking his hard manhood in one hand she licked the pre-cum from its head and gently grazed her teeth across the smooth knob. She massaged his balls in one hand while her tongue made spirals around his long, hard tool, thoroughly wetting it with her saliva. Without warning she suddenly lowered her head onto his cock, relaxing her throat and taking almost the entire length into her mouth. He let out a loud moan as she started to bob her head up and down, sucking hard, her other hand still massaging his nuts.

"Enough," he panted, "Enough, I want you, NOW!" With that he pulled her up and rolled over so she was beneath him, raising himself with his arms he positioned his cock at the mouth of her sopping wet cunt. Teasing her, he rubbed the head up and down her slit, spreading her juices. Soon, he could take it no longer and he plunged his hard cock into her hot love hole. It was no time before the two of them were panting and moaning as he thrust into her again and again, getting harder and faster, her body rising to meet his at each thrust. She suddenly let out a loud moan and arched her body as all her muscles tensed with the power of her orgasm. Feeling her pussy clench and quiver around his cock he was unable to help himself and joined her in orgasmic bliss.

Spent, he rolled off her and they just lay there, catching their breath for a moment. He kissed her and rubbed his hand up her body to her face, cupping her cheek he looked into her eyes for a moment before moving away. He moved down between her legs where their combined juices were dripping. He lowered himself and started to lap at the remains of their recent joining. As he brushed her swollen clit, she moaned. Taking the hint, he took the little bud into his mouth, sucking for all he was worth. The feel of his mouth on such a sensitive organ was too much for her and she tensed again as another powerful orgasm racked her body. He gently lapped the new and remaining juice from her pussy, licking her clean before returning to his spot beside her.

He pulled her to him, resting her head on his shoulder. He kissed the top of her head, stroking the sweat-dampened strands of hair from her forehead. Her arm snuck around him and she cuddled into his chest, feeling safe and contented within the circle of his loving embrace.

"I love you," she murmured sleepily.

"I love you, too," was the quiet reply.

And with that, the two lovers fell fast asleep.