 It took Ben Shermer a few seconds to realize after he walked in the door, because she was wearing what appeared to be a rather expensive appearing wig.

Plus when she looked up at him, the automatic smile on her face turned to one of shock, then she attempted to slip partially behind the woman standing beside her.

Ben was on his way home, and decided at the last minute to stop by. He had never been to this facility before, although he had been to several of the others scattered around town.

After all, sometimes a virile young man doesn't have anything going on, so a nice rubdown and good handjob takes care of things for a few days. Ben could always jack off, of course he could, but having someone else do it, especially someone who knows what they are doing?

There just is no substitute for that.

His friend Jack Miller at work had mentioned the place.

"Molly's Day Spa." read the small sign outside the building. Ben had seen it, the place had been open for a couple of months, but he had paid little attention to it.

+++

"Man, it's really fucking wide open there, they got three gals on duty all the time. Fifty bucks and a nice tip and you can get pretty much whatever you want from most of them." Jack Miller had chortled as they put away their gear at the end of the shift.

"No shit?" Ben responded.

"No shit! I have only been there once, but Terry over in shipping told me he goes there all the time. They want to get to know you of course, but he said he gets at least a blow job or hand job. He told me that twice now the gal climbed right up on the table and screwed him, he had to use a rubber of course, but still?" 

"Terry is kind of a loud mouth." Ben said.

"Yeah, that's true, but I got a hand job from the one they call Melanie so he is at least not jacking us around about that." Miller told him.

"Really?" Ben was surprised, it usually took a half dozen visits and lots of talking, plus cash to get one of them do do anything.

"Yeah, she was naked too, spread her legs and let me look, the whole works!"

Damn. Ben was thinking he might just give that place a try.

+++

It was a few weeks later, Ben was headed downtown to see if he could find some action. He hadn't even thought about Molly's, but he happened to glance up and see the sign.

He drove down the street, made a left and went around the block. There was a parking lot in the rear, he pulled in.

The small sign on the door read "Walkins Welcome" so Ben pushed the door open.

A sort of fat woman that looked to be in her fifties sat behind a counter, she looked up with a smile.

"Good afternoon, honey! I'm Molly, are you looking for a nice massage?" She stood up and walked over to the counter.

"Uhh..yes, I guess so." The woman looked to be a bit overly made up, and the tops of her rather large breasts showed since the top she had on was very low cut. She grinned at him when she saw him check those out.

He was thinking that this old lady was not exactly what he had in mind, feeling himself blush he tried to think of some excuse to get out of there.

"OK. It's fifty dollars for the hour and you get to take your pick of my girls. We have some showers, and a sauna. It's twenty dollars extra if you want one of the girls to help you with your bath."

"I...uhh..just the massage I guess?" Ben stammered. His pick of three girls? OK, not so bad, at least the old lady wasn't the one he would get.

Molly took the money, led him into the next room.

"Come on girls. Customer!" She called out.

"Tips are between you and the girl, OK, sweetie?" Molly told him with a huge grin. She reached out and patted his arm, more of copping a feel than anything else.

Two younger women filed out, followed by a very nice looking more mature woman. That is when Ben realized he knew her. She saw him at about the same time, her eyes flashed open in surprise, then embarrassment.

She turned her face, tried to slip sideways but Ben knew.

It was Anna Carsens, his neighbor. She and her husband Jack, along with their teenage daughter Jeanie lived in the house right across the street.

The daughter loved to lay out in their yard catching some Sun in the Summer, which Ben didn't mind since she was a very stacked looking 18-19 year old with everything where it belonged.

More than once Ben had peeked at her out of his upstairs window, his pants around his ankles.

Her Mother Anna never did sunbathe, but Ben had seen her outside pushing a lawnmower and working in her flower beds. On hot days she wore a halter top and shorts, she looked very good also for an older lady.

Ben liked it when she was outside on hotter days, strips of white showing when he shorts of top slipped a little bit were nice. Mrs. Carstens had a very flat and muscular tummy, she probably worked out although he had never seen her do that any.

Many times he had wandered over just to visit, which was an excuse to get a closer look, of course. Both seemed to enjoy his stopping by, and never seemed to notice his glances, or at least pretended not to.

A few times there had been parties around the area. Plus at least a half dozen times their entire family had been in his living room. To all outward appearences, they were nice, normal people. Anna's husband Jack was short, about 5'6" and a good 30 pounds overweight. But he was pleasant to talk to, Ben always enjoyed the visits with him, also.

Jack loved auto racing and so did Ben, so they got along famously.

Jeanie was the one Ben liked the looks of, but he knew she was at least 5 years younger and still going to college, plus her being right across the street might cut into his sometimes bringing someone home for the night if he ever did get anything going with her.

In fact, less than a week earlier, Anna had sent Jeanie over with a wonderful Apple pie she had baked. Ben had a gal there with him that time, she was sitting on the couch when Jeanie arrived, and he had to zip up his pants to answer the door.

Jeanie didn't react at all, just offered him the pie and left shortly after. It was that kind of relationship, neighbors, friends. Still, he had noticed that Jeanie did look exceptionally nice that day.

Ben often went over and mowed their dab of lawn after doing his own, nearly without fail one or both of them would come out with lemonade or a cola as a way of saying thanks.

+++

Now here was Anna, clearly working in a massage parlor, and she and Ben stood looking at each other in surprise.

Ben couldn't help himself, he pointed at Anna, whose eyes shifted downwards, still blushing. Then lifting her chin, she seemed to steel herself and she looked him right in the eyes.

"OK. Come on, honey." Anna held out her hand as the other two girls cast glances at each other and filed back out.

"Crap! I never get any of the cute ones!" One of them whispered to the other, quietly, but Ben heard that.

Back in the tiny little room, Anna turned to him.

"Please don't tell anyone, Mr. Shermer. It's just that...Jack and I...we need the extra money?"

"Please call me Ben. And I won't. Of course not, I was just in the mood for...you know..?" Ben felt himself blush this time.

"Yes, I understand. I know all about you young men, it's just that..? You live right across the street and I don't want to mess with us all being friends?"

"I can go pick one of the others if you want?"

"No. This is fine, it's my job." Anna was now looking at him boldly, the initial surprise was gone and she was back in charge.

"I must say, this is a pleasant surprise. Does Jack..your husband..know you work here?" Ben laughed lightly, he couldn't help himself.

"Yes, he does. But please, don't mention it to him, OK? He knows, of course he does, but we just don't talk about it. The money, it's really good here. So, Mr. Sherm...uhh...Ben? What are you in the mood for today?" Her voice took on a teasing tone.

"I was..a rubdown? I have never been here before so I don't...?"

"OK. Massage it is. Well, the shower is first. Right in there, I will wait out here in the waiting room. There is a towel on the table to use as a cover." She turned, then looked back at Ben with a smile.

"Maybe you should have paid for the extra in the shower." Her head tipped back and she actually giggled.

+++

Ben washed himself and peeked out, she wasn't there so he took a towel and dried off. He modestly wrapped that around his waist. Anna opened the side door and let him in, there was a large table covered with a sheet. She was wearing a short white robe now rather than the skirt and blouse she had on before. Ben hopped on the table, using the towel to cover his bottom.

Anna's hands began to work his back and shoulders, the oil she was using was very warm so quickly he began to relax. It wasn't very long and she was rubbing his behind, first over the towel and then underneath it. Her fingertips kept bumping up against his balls, she didn't appear to be the least bit bashful about that.

Finally she just tugged it completely off.

Ben was already mostly erect, usually in a situation like this he was not the least bit bashful, but this was his next door neighbor? So he was grateful at lying face down.

At one point he felt something delicious sliding back and forth up and down his body, but it wasn't until Anna stepped up to the head of the table that he knew. The robe was gone, and she was bare breasted. She had on panties, they were beige and translucent, enough so that he could see that she did not shave herself down there.

Anna's breasts were gorgeous, her mature nipples had a slight vertical oval shape, the swell of them was roundish, with a very mild sag. They were also shiny with oil, he knew she had been stroking his back with her bare tits!

Ben felt himself harden even more at that.

Catching his glance, she gave him a smirk.

"I assumed this was OK?" She said with a titter.

"Yeah! God, you have nice..."

"Thank you. You can touch me if you like." Anna seemed to be once again in complete control of the situation. Ben would never have dreamed of ever getting to touch Anna like this, now here he was stroking her breasts, as she ran her hands down his back. It was a bit awkward since he was still on his tummy, but he managed to feel the softness, the way her nipples snugged up and got all crinkly at the touch of his fingers.

"Want to turn over now, Bennie?" Anna had stepped to his side. Ben flipped over onto his back, his erection flopping over when he did so.

"Oh, nice big one!" Anna teasingly whispered, her hand reached out to stroke Ben's chest. Ben knew very well he was only about average in size but the way she said it made him feel good.

Plus lying on his back it was much easier to reach her breasts to feel and see them. She moved a bit higher, leaned over and suckled one of his nipples into her mouth, using just her lips. Her other hand slid over and gently rolled the very tip of his other nipple. That created wafts of sensation coursing through him, he felt himself harden even more. Then one hand drifted down, grasped his penis and gave him a couple of strokes. It was a good thing she moved her hand when she did, Ben very nearly blasted off at that, and it was all he could do to stop it.

"I love the way you are so nice and hard." She whispered into his ear. He could feel her breath on his earlobe, that felt so erotic Ben's mind was beginning to whirl.

Then she stood up. He opened his eyes, she had a mischievious expression on her face, her hands on her hips.

"Since you don't have any pants on, would you like me to take mine off too?" Anna leaned down and whispered into his ear again.

"I...sure!" She hooked her thumbs in her undergarment and slipped them down. Her neatly trimmed pubic mound was the aame color as her hair. Ben got a good look at her before she stepped up to the edge of the table, reached out and grasped his penis, giving it a few strokes.

"This is kind of...hot, since I know you and all. Would you like to...lick me?" Anna was still whispering, in that voice that was the most seductive Ben had ever heard in his life.

"Usually it's an extra $50 for a finish, but if you promise you will never say anything to anyone about finding me here, how about we call it my little gift?"

She didn't wait for a response, instead she slid up onto the table and straddled Ben's chest. 

There it was, Anna's hairy naked pussy and brown puckered asshole, he could see her bare breasts hanging down between her wide spread legs.

Ben's tongue came out and slid up her slightly open lips, he was instantly rewarded with a moan from her. He felt her doing something but he couldn't see, then he realized she had rolled a condom onto his now burgeoning erection. One oily hand reached down and cupped his testicles, the other hand held his shaft. Then it felt like she was sucking him? Glancing down, the back of her head was bobbing, and Ben was flooded with sensations.

He went right back to licking Anna's lower lips, he even stuck his tongue in there as far as it would go. Then suddenly his face and chin was very wet, just as he blasted off in wave after wave.

"Damn that was good!" Ben managed to utter. He knew very well Anna had reached an orgasm herself, it was easy to tell as he watched the lips of her vagina open and close in spasms.

Ben had seen that before, but never quite like this. Anna was a mature women, with very full and obvious outer lips.

She slid off of him, reached down and carefully removed the condom. Then she retrieved a towel and wiped him and herself up. Next she turned, tugging on the same halter top and skirt she wore when he first saw her.

Ben was still sitting there, with a mild erection. Anna strepped over and grasped him, giving him a half dozen strokes.

"That was fun, Bennie. God, you even made me squirt. I like you so much, always have. I have wanted to do you for a long time now. Besides, that was at least a 15 second cum you just gave me, so thanks." She started to leave the room.

"Hey." He called out, reaching into his pants.

Anna looked at the $50 he handed her and smiled.

"Thanks, but you didn't have to do that."

"I know."

"OK then. Well, I hope you come back to see me. And at home, it will be like always, OK? I mean, we can never do anything, it has to be here..if you want to, that is." She smiled.

"You can count on that." Ben told her, Anna smiled at that and was gone.

+++

That was certainly an enjoyable experience, still, obviously a business relationship. 

It sure felt like it was lovers, finding out about each other for the first time. Ben was thinking about it all the way home. He knew he would be going back, that was wonderful.

He also knew that never again would he ever not consider any of the older women he ran into. Before, he always looked for the young and pretty ones, and ignored those older than he was.

He had just learned something, clearly some of the older females were hot, if Mrs. Carstens was any example at all.

Sitting back in his easy chair, he decided he would just spend the Saturday evening at home with his TV set. Hell, maybe there would be a good movie on. Normally he would head out, hit the clubs, look for women. At the moment he really wasn't interested in finding any females, he was still basking in the delight from a few hours earlier.

Ben had just retrieved a beer from the fridge and sat down when the phone rang.

"Hi, Bennie. How's things?" A soft sexy voice asked him. The voice was familiar but he couldn't quite place it for a second or two.

"Uh...Fine, who is this?" He asked, sitting up.

"Jeanie, from across the street. If you are planning on being home, I was wondering if I could come over?"

"Oh. Cool! Yeah, I would love to have some company!" Ben told her.

"Me too. I will be right over." She said.

Ben sat back in his chair. Jeanie? Calling and asking to come over? Now she had never asked that before, not like she just did.

Jeanie came in, looking fresh and pretty like she always did. Slacks and a simple top, nothing outrageous, just nice. Ben got her a beer, turned down the volume on the TV so they could talk.

"So? What's up?" He asked her.

She looked over at him and smiled. For a moment she seemed to be hesitant, then she got that exact same expression on her face her Mother had a few hours earlier when she got control of herself and took over the situation.

"Well. I was talking to my Mom......?"