 Amy looked around her cubicle desk. It was her first day of the graduate internship program and she was one of the ten interns who had made it through a very rigorous interview process. So far, they had introduced and paraded them around to the office and it seemed like a very laid back place and she felt less nervous. 

They had a quick break to get their emails and phones set up right before lunch and Amy was reading the agenda for the rest of the afternoon. They were supposed to meet some more people, attend some more meetings, and then start orienting themselves with their new teams.

"Hey there!" Amy looked up and a very attractive man in a well tailored suit was standing there smiling at her.

"I'm Smith. I sit over there," he pointed down the hall towards a cluster of offices at the end. "I'm on the marketing team and I heard you'll be joining us, so I wanted to introduce myself and let you know that we're working on getting you a desk closer to me so I don't need to walk the length of this office every time to get you." He laughed.

"Nice to meet you, Smith. I'm Amy, of course you know that already.." she blushed. Amy couldn't take her eyes off of his deep green eyes. His chiseled jaw sported a little bit of scruff and she placed him somewhere in his mid-thirties. 

"There's a team meeting in 5 minutes but we'll be done by lunchtime. The boardroom is right beside the elevator. See you then!" Smith waved and walked off towards his office. 

Amy ran to the bathroom and started to touch up her makeup. As she brushed her hair, she became suddenly aware that her crotch was a little damp. Glancing at her watch, she slipped into one of the stalls. She thanked the building designer that they had completely sealed and separated stalls in the bathroom. 

Amy locked the door in the last stall and leaned against the wall, pulling her skirt up around her hips. She slipped her hand down and pushed her g-string to the side as she started to play with her wet lips. Amy used her fingers to spread her juices around, landing finally on her clit. She massaged her sensitive clit for a few seconds before withdrawing her fingers. Amy walked out of the stall, washed her hands, and headed off to her meeting.

There were only 7 people on the team in the company, all of whom seemed to be fairly young ranging from mid 20s to late 30s. Their weekly team meeting was to go over project statuses, weekly goals, and air any grievances on any issues. Amy was introduced and everyone politely said their greetings. The meeting wrapped up fifteen minutes early and everyone left to get ready for lunch that would be served in the cafeteria on the floor below. 

Amy stayed behind to talk to Smith some more, who was packing up his laptop and notebook. 

"So, are you excited to be on the team?" Smith asked Amy as he flashed her another handsome smile. Smith was a very good looking guy and he knew it. About six months ago, he ended a five year relationship and had a taste of bachelor life for the first time since his early twenties. He took full advantage of his success, good looks, and charm to seduce woman after woman. 

Smith knew that it was wrong to look at his new intern the way that he was. Amy was an extremely attractive and leggy blonde with an unmistakably nice ass and a perky rack. He found himself staring at her while she rambled on about how she was looking forward to working together and to start gaining independence on projects. Smith could tell that Amy was flustered around him and he wondered how easy it would be to get her on her knees for him. 

His mind snapped back to reality as he started engaging in the conversation again, but Amy picked up on the staring. She knew that as they continued their nonsense chatter that there was some mutual attraction between them. 

Within a few minutes, both of them stopped talking and there was a lingering pause. It was stagnant in the boardroom as the tension between the two of them built. They leapt towards each other and embraced each other in a hot, passionate kiss. Smith ran his hands through her silky blond hair as she clawed at his shoulders and back. 

Smith moved his hands down her back and cupped her ass with both hands. Amy giggled as they continued to make out as she mirrored his movement and moved her hands to cup his muscular ass. In one swift, powerful motion, he picked Amy up and she wrapped her legs around his waist has Smith held her in mid-air. They gyrated their hips into each other as his growing cock ground against her g-string, which may as well have been her pussy. 

After what seemed like an eternity of dry humping reminiscent of high school, Smith pulled away and stepped back. A large wet spot on top of his crotch was left from Amy's pussy grinding into his lap. 

"We need to go somewhere more private that this boardroom. Everyone's at lunch. Meet me in my office." Smith grabbed his laptop and notebook, strategically covering up the wet spot that outlined his semi-hard cock and left the boardroom while Amy readjusted her clothing and tried to straighten out her hair. 

As Smith left, Amy took a moment to think about what was happening. Did she really want to be sleeping with her new boss on the first day of work? She weighed out the pros and cons and realized that there were no pros to this situation at all. However, Amy decided that it wasn't a salvageable situation.. they had already made out and her drenched pussy was going to make this decision for her.

Amy walked the length of the empty office with everyone having gone for lunch. She knocked on Smith's office door as she opened it. She walked in and closed it behind her, clicking the lock into place.

Smith was sitting at his desk with his hand in his pants, clearly jerking his cock slowly. He grinned at Amy and said, "Don't worry. Nobody will ever know. This is our little secret. This never happened."

Amy walked over to Smith and straddled his lap, resuming a position for them to grind against each other. She leaned down and pulled on Smith's tie to pull his head towards hers and she kissed his hot mouth. Amy could feel Smith growing harder and harder inside his dress pants as more wetness drooled out of her pussy. Smith's hands travelled up and unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her magnificent breasts held in a sexy black bra. He started massaging them in his hands and Amy moaned softly.

Smith couldn't handle the rough fabric of his boxers and dress pants any longer. As if he had said it out loud, Amy pulled herself off his lap for a second as she reached down and unzipped his pants. She reached her hands in through the zipper and massaged his cock through his boxers. Amy reached in through the second barrier and slipped her hand into the opening of Smith's boxers, finally grabbing his member with her hand.

Amy gasped as she realized how large Smith's throbbing meat was. His shaft was so hot and she could feel the ridges and veins of his stiff cock. Smith leaned his head back and closed his eyes. Amy took this as a sign to continue as withdrew her hand and undid his pants, pulling them to the ground. Smith stood up and kicked his pants to the side.

"Sit on the desk." Smith motioned for Amy to get up on the table. 

"Spread your legs," Smith instructed. Amy complied without complaints as Smith took his seat in his chair. He rolled towards her spread legs and pink pussy that was gushing wetness out of it. Smith leaned down and started licking up the wetness around her slit. Amy squirmed as she tried to get Smith to lick her closer to her lips or clit. Smith knew he was teasing her but it was working since her pussy seemed to get even wetter and hotter than it already was. They both paused for a moment to throw off their clothes.

Smith's long, experienced tongue continued to gently lick and graze over the more sensitive areas of Amy's pussy area. Without warning, he stuck his tongue out and drove it deep inside of Amy's hole, causing her to jump in surprise and moan loudly at the same time. Smith started pushing his tongue in and out of her hole as Amy started bucking her hips. He reached down and didn't need to pull his cock out of his boxers -- it had grown extremely hard and Smith's 9 inch member was sticking straight out of his boxer hole. Smith started jerking himself off as he continued to lap Amy's juices up. 

"Shit, I'm going to cum soon!" Amy grabbed the back of Smith's head and started to grind her pussy all over his mouth and tongue in a rough manner. Soon, she was fucking his face with abandon as she grew closer and closer to orgasm. 

"Fuck!" Amy moaned loudly as her pussy began to spasm. Smith picked up speed and pushed his tongue deep inside of Amy as her orgasm hit her in wave after wave, juices pouring out of her hole right into Smith's mouth. He didn't want to waste a drop of her sweet nectar as he drank in her wetness, coating his whole mouth and chin. 

As Amy calmed down after an intense orgasm, Smith leaned back and started jerking his cock furiously on the chair. He stood up and positioned himself directly in front of Amy's still spread legs, still tugging on his meat that was seeping pre-cum out of his cock slit. Smith's hand became a blur as he pleasured himself, his balls twitching in anticipation of release. 

"I'm going to cum too, fuck, shit, fuck.." Smith pumped his dick a few more times as his balls let his first load escape, shooting directly onto Amy's glistening pussy. Five ropes of Smith's creamy cum landed on her pussy, with one stream hitting her clit at the right angle that made Amy's whole pussy twitch. Amy reached down and started rubbing her clit using some of Smith's seed as lube. She moaned as she began building to another orgasm. 

Smith kept jerking his still hard cock until he had pushed every drop of his load onto Amy's box. He continued stroking himself as he watched Amy rub herself to another orgasm. As her moans began to get louder, he knew she was getting closer. When her climax hit, Smith stuffed his entire wet cock into her box making Amy scream out in pleasure as she came all over his dick.

Smith pulled his cock until it was almost out and pushed it back into Amy. His strong, powerful thrusts were driving her crazy as her pussy clamped down on his thick staff that filled her. Smith began to pick up his pace as he started to fuck Amy faster and harder. He reached down and started massaging her clit while he fucked her with his aching cock. His large balls slapping against her ass made loud smacking sounds as he grew harder and harder inside of her tight hole.

Smith knew he couldn't hold on for much longer. Amy really knew how to work her pussy which grasped his cock in a tight hold as he slipped in and out of her.

"Fuck Smith, I'm going to cum again. Shit." Amy moaned loudly as her tits bounced up and down as Smith fucked her with wild abandon. 

Amy's pussy began to drip like a waterfall, mixing with the pre-cum that was uncontrollably leaking out of Smith's cock. Smith pushed his cock in and out of Amy a few more times before pulling his rock hard cock out of her dripping box. Amy whimpered in protest but Smith flashed her a wicked grin. He pulled her off the table and positioned her on the chair. He walked over to her with his cock pointing the way, and pushed his cock into her waiting mouth. 

Amy's hot mouth engulfed Smith's engorged member as she started to suck off the blend of their juices off his thick cock. She traced her tongue up the length of his cock as she bobbed her head up and down Smith's penis. He bucked his hips and soon was fucking her mouth with his man meat. Amy's expert mouth was able to take all of his cock and she played with his balls and pushed a finger into his ass. Smith was getting one of the best blowjobs of his life and he didn't want it to stop.

"I'm going to shoot soon!" Amy picked up speed and started to jerk off Smith's shaft while keeping her lips and mouth locked on his sensitive cock head, trying to suck the cum out of his balls into her mouth.

Smith pulled his cock out of Amy's mouth as he pulled her up off the chair. He lifted one of her legs onto the desk as he positioned his cock at her pussy entrance. Smith slammed his member into Amy's slippery, velvety sex chamber. He began to drill her, fucking her at a wild speed. Smith reached around and grabbed a hold of one of Amy's breasts as he started to play with her nipple. 

"Shit, here it comes!" Smith frantically shoved his dick in and out of Amy's dripping pussy. With one final thrust, he buried his cock deep inside of her as his balls exploded and fourteen jets of cum started coating her inside. Smith grunted and panted as Amy moaned his name. 

As Smith came down from his climax, his started pumping his still hard cock slowly in and out of Amy trying to fuck his load out of her. His cock was still sensitive and he knew that since he was still hard, he needed to cum again to empty his balls. 

"Do you not stop?" Amy panted as Smith began to fuck her faster. "How are you still hard?" 

"I'm going to shoot again! Last one, I promise!" Smith growled as his balls began to twitch and his throbbing cock got its final release inside of Amy's cum dripping hole. She moaned as she came again at the same time as he released himself. 

The two of them fell apart as Smith sat down on the chair and Amy leaned against his desk. They grinned at each other, not saying a word. Smith's limp cock was covered in his jizz and Amy's nectar. He grabbed a box of tissues and pulled some out before tossing the box to Amy. 

"We should get cleaned up.. we're late for lunch." Amy winked as she wiped the cum dripping out of her pussy down her leg. She pulled out her compact and started to touch up her makeup. She got dressed but left her g-string on Smith's desk. 

On her way out the door, Amy turned and smiled at Smith. 

"Like I said, I'm really looking forward to working here," she shot Smith a devilish grin as she pulled the door closed.