 I'm not exactly desperate but, being that I don't have a steady guy, once in a while I get "the urge." My pussy starts to twitch and I just can't keep from hopping on the internet to see what kind of trouble I can get into. That's the kind of trouble I was looking for last week when I accidentally met "Scooter"...

It had been a rough day at the office and I was ready for some fun. I was in one of those moods where I like hiking my skirt up while I drive home so I can watch men stare at my thighs and I come home feeling hot. I came home and fixed myself a glass of wine, took off my suit jacket, and kicked off my heels. I longed for those college days last year when I wore little t-shirts and no bra every day. So comfortable! but i had to be a big girl now. Still, nothing was stopping me from being a carefree sex kitten online. I sank into my chair and spread my legs, ready for a little action.

I found a random chat room and clicked right in. It was weird because everyone knows each other but I figured there must be some guy out there willing to take a chance on something new. That was the kind of guy I was looking for. A man ready to take a chance. I noticed some guy named Scooter and decided to invite him to chat privately. Of course it didn't take long for things to get too hot to be contained in cyberspace. The way he wrote obviously set him aside from your typical chat geek and my musty pussy was starting to soak through those sensible panty hose I had worn to work. I was just about to get up and look for my dildo when Scooter surprised me with a challenge: "Let's meet tonight" he wrote. 

Part of me was afraid he was a freak or an ax murderer, the other part of me was too horny and too curious. His profile looked normal and my clit was bulging. I decided to propose a safe place in order to get a good look at him. I chose a cafe in a mall in the center of town and told him I'd be wearing a red scarf. He said he'd have on a brown leather jacket and described himself as having a medium build. I put on some lacy pink panties and a matching bra. Then I decided at the last minute to drop the bra (I'm a B-cup, I can get away with it!) and just wear a simple but slinky black mini-dress and a trench coat. 

I was already soaking my fresh panties when I got in the car, just imagining what he would do to me, his strange hands between my thighs. His strange cock on my tongue.

I arrived at the cafe with the scarf in my purse. My plan was that if he looked like a troll, I would leave without a word. I sat at a table in the corner and watched guys walk in. My breath halted when he walked in. I knew it was him immediately. He had on the jacket but was also obviously looking around. He had cool blue eyes and though he was not movie-star handsome, I liked the little bit of extra meat on his bones and the sneaky twinkle in his eye. I was enjoying my role of spy too much though and I wasn't ready to give up that it was me yet. He was looking around for me without knowing that he was looking right at me. I caught him checking out my legs and then looking away. Staring at my nipples poking through my dress and then looking away. And I thought I caught a little bulge in his pants. He would always look back at the door though. 

Finally, tired of waiting and obviously turned on by me checking him out, he turned to me and gave me a long look over my body. I felt like he was licking me with his eyes. I stood up slowly and his eyes watched me as I got to the door. I turned away and took out the red scarf, draping it around my neck. I heard him let out sort of a grunt and there was no mistaking his hard-on. He was shocked and turned on. I winked at him and walked out, motioning with my finger for him to follow. I exited the building and stepped around the corner into an alley, waiting, holding my breath, unable to believe that I was actually going through with this!

I pressed my body against the wall. He walked around the corner and before either of us said anything, he pressed his body hard against mine. I could feel his hard cock through his pants. "Ohhhh..." I shuddered uncontrollably. He started right in kissing my neck. Everything he did was soft but firm and confident. His hands explored my whole body. He was whispering to me: "Baby, you're my fantasy." And it sounded so damn sexy in his low growl. He lifted my skirt and started rubbing my now dripping wet pussy through my panties. He was driving me wild. I felt so deliciously slutty, I would have done anything for him. "Mmmm...no bra..." he growled. He pulled the top of my dress down, exposing my tits and my hard nipples. He wrapped his mouth around each one and then slid down onto his knees and began nipping at my panties with his teeth. "Lick me..." I whispered. 

He slid my panties down around my ankles. I was still standing, pressing my body against the wall. He started lapping at my juices. I wasn't going to last long before I came, I could tell. I was getting turned on by hearing people walking by on the street, cars honking, innocent people going on with their shopping...and here I was having my cunt expertly licked by a complete stranger. Before I knew it, I was moaning wildly, trying not to have a totally screaming orgasm since there were people just a few feet away. He took his dick out of his pants and was beating it on my leg. That was the last straw. I rocked back and forth forcefully rubbing my trimmed bush all over his cunt-soaked face. I came hard but I was so excited that my clit was instantly firm again. He got up and kissed me, smelling as musty as my panties.

Now it was my turn. His dick was already out of his pants and it looked delicious to my hungry brown eyes. I gently pressed him against the wall this time and lowered myself onto the dirty asphalt. I started by kissing and licking his shaft and balls. Teasing with my tongue and fingers. Getting his cock wet and jacking it off a little. Then I went in full force, deep-throating his throbbing member while I cupped his balls. I was so excited that I started humping his leg. He just whispered "Yeah...yeah..." and continued fucking my throat, sometimes bending down a little to fondle my tits. It didn't take long for him to shoot his load. I pulled back a little to watch him shudder and watch the cum squirt out on my face and tits. I was so excited that I came again on his leg as I watched. He zipped up. Gave me a long, sincere, gentlemanly kiss, and then disappeared back into the night...