 After being separated from my ex for6 years, I began to get over my distrust of women, and was missing the warmth and pleasure they have to offer. I had put an ad on the internet, looking for discreet, no relationship, sex, but I only got one answer from a guy. I had forgotten about it. Then one day, I received an unfamiliar email. I was about to delete it as spam, but noticed it was different. I replied out of curiosity, but it came back as undeliverable, so I assumed it indeed was spam. Then, I received a second email. After checking it, I noticed that she had an unusual spelling in her name, and that got through. 

We got to chatting, we had a lot in common. About the same age, both hurt and not seeking binding relationships, both horny and in need of comfort. In my ad I stated that size didn’t matter to me, I was not expecting a glamour model. She seemed very nice, and I told her how I love to camp out as much as possible and she liked it too, but hadn’t done so since her kids were small. She came to visit one Friday afternoon. She was overweight, but not obese, and had a nice smile. She looked good, but plain in a way, she didn’t stand out, and one would never guess that she met men on the internet for sex! She was impressed with the way we camp, no tents for us, and we do very well, eating and drinking, walking and talking around the fire. I was being a gentleman all day, making sure I didn’t do anything wrong, when she came up behind me, and rubbed her tit on my arm. I felt the electricity right away so I turned my head and kissed her. It felt so right and good, I asked her if she was ready for bed. She nodded, and we both headed for my van. We both got in, and I stripped off and lay down as she looked at me before I pulled the covers over me. Then she took off all her clothes, and slid in next to me. It had been so long since I lay with a woman, It felt wonderful to feel a warm body next to mine, and my hands had to explore her body. Her breasts were large, and her hard nipples delightful. To my great surprise, she shaved her pussy, I had never experienced that before and it added to the sexual excitement greatly. 

After we had both explored each others bodies for a while, and had kissed many time, she lay on her back and spread her legs for me. I got between her legs, and she guided my hard cock towards her waiting, wet cunt. I felt some pain at first, as I am uncircumcised, and the skin pulling over my cockhead hurt, but the good feelings were much stronger. I gradually slid my cock deeper and deeper, finally reaching my full length inside her. Now I could slide into her with full length strokes, and in a short time, we found our common rhythm. It didn’t take long before I was cumming inside her, and I was sure she wasn’t done yet, but I did not go soft, so I continued to stroke into her. We were able to keep this up for quite a while, and she showed me she could work several different muscles inside her that added to the great feelings I was experiencing. We fucked several times that night, and twice more in the morning. 

We had to get a load of firewood that day, and when I got back, I was very tired, and went for a nap, and she came with me. I was hoping she wouldn’t, but after about a half hour, I was awake and randy again. We could hear my friends right outside my van, which didn’t have any curtains on the windows, but they moved away when they heard the van moving. It was hot knowing people were mere feet away as we fucked with abandon! Of course, we did it all over again that night, and in the morning. I think morning sex is really great. We left before my friends did on Sunday, they knew we would probably stop along the way home to say “goodbye” to each other. We did of course, and had the side door wide open as we screwed again. She suggested that it would be nice to pour beer onto her cunt, and then lick it up! I said “Ok, want me to?” and she said “Not here”. 

I assumed she meant like in a bathtub, but found out later she meant in the grass, darn it! I asked her if she would like me to lick her, and nodded with a smile. There was that gorgeous cunt in front of my face, and I began licking and sucking it. It was great, and I delighted in finding her inner lips swelling up, and pulled out quite far, almost resembling butterfly wings! Her moans of pleasure encouraged me to continue, then we finished in a doggie style position once again. Nearly twenty times I came inside her, I was very pleased. We are still in touch, and are making plans for a reunion. The internet is such a great way to meet people, especially if you’re shy at first meetings like I am, and have trouble meeting women. We knew upfront what we wanted, which was a great relief, and made everything that much better. We’re planning on meeting in a Motel next, where we can spend the whole day naked and screwing, trying all the inventive positions we can think of, and she has bought some sexy underwear for me! I can’t wait………..