 I guess I was letting my body do my thinking instead of my better judgment. Lawrence wasn’t pushing me to let him fuck me but he wasn’t going to turn me away either. His easy manner did change somewhat. He may have still be somewhat frustrated by my initial hesitance to go all the way with him.

Lawrence walked around behind me and his hand rubbed my ass through the leather skirt. His huge hands felt good and I could feel myself starting to get overcome with emotion. He unzipped my skirt and pulled it down from my hips. When it fell to the floor, I stepped out of it. Lawrence picked it up and tossed it on one of the chairs. He stood behind me. I was just wearing my gauzy white bikini panties and red high heel shoes. He placed his hand on the elastic band of my panties, inserting a finger inside the elastic. I tensed as I felt he was going to pull them down. Instead he just traced around the elastic, playing and teasing me. From behind me, he pushed his left hand down inside the front of my panties, rubbing and lightly tugging at my pubic hair. I stiffened as he continued this for several minutes all the while kissing me on the nape of my neck. He was in control and I wasn’t making any motion to stop his manipulations. His right hand was cupping my breasts, gently tweaking the nipple and then pulling on it a little harder. I gasped as I looked down to see it stretched so long. He released the nipple and it slowly shrank back, still erect.

“I’m going to finish taking your cherry and you’re going to love it,” He stated emphatically.

I couldn’t reply to his statement. He walked back to the couch. I was still standing in the middle of the room, my eyes watching him. He rubbed his crotch; I could see he had an enormous bulge through his dress slacks. He smirked and ordered me to strip off my panties. My hands shaking a little, I did as he ordered. I pulled my panties down and off over my shoes, tossing them in the chair with my skirt. My pubic hair, which I keep neatly trimmed, matches the hair on my head, sort of a sandy blonde. 

Lawrence got up from the couch and directed me towards the stairs leading to the balcony bedroom. I walked in front of him up the stairs feeling his glare on my bare butt. I held onto the handrail to steady myself as I took each step one at a time. The balcony bedroom was open to the livingroom below, spacious with a queen size four-poster bed. Lawrence walked over and pulled the comforter off the bed. He motioned me to get on the bed. I sat on the edge of the bed and slipped off my shoes. Stretching out on the cool sheets, I relaxed just a little. 

“Don’t go away or get started without me,” He kidded.

Lawrence went back downstairs, returning a few minutes later with two glasses of chilled wine. He’d taken off his clothes except for his tight fitting boxers. He was built like a football player, muscular and toned. I imagine he worked out on a regular basis in order to stay in such good shape. He ordered me to lie in the middle of the bed and spread my legs so he could see my pussy better.

“Spread your legs wide and finger that pretty pussy for me. I want to see you work yourself up”

I was a little slow in obeying his command, my inhibitions holding me back. I masturbated at home in my bed but never in front of anybody, especially somebody intently watching. 

“Do it I said” Lawrence commanded.

My right hand went to my pussy and I started rubbing it back and forth, then in little circular motions. It was embarrassing even though I could feel myself reacting to my own stimulations.

“Put a finger in that hot pussy and fuck yourself,” He ordered.

I did what he said, closing my eyes as I felt my body take control. My breathing came in long deep breaths. Lawrence’s bulged looked as if it were going to rip through the material of his boxers, grinning at me as he watched me masturbate for him. I brought myself up but fought back getting myself off. I slowed my fingering motion, finally pulling my finger out of my wet pussy. I was panting, almost out of breath.

“Turn over on your tummy and get up on your knees. Get that hot little ass up in the air”

I did as instructed. I positioned myself in front of him on the bed; face down, my butt in the air with my legs spread. I felt Lawrence get on the bed behind me and grab my butt, spreading my cheeks far apart. Lawrence was in total control and I wanted it that way. I could feel his hot breath wafting across my pussy. I jumped when he started liking me all over down there. Holding my legs apart firmly, he continued tonguing me up and down, all around my pussy. All I could do was moan loudly, burying my face in the sheets. He licked my already erect little clitoris, stabbing it with his tongue. Taking it between his lips, he gently tugged on it. I couldn’t hold back any longer. I had a tremendous orgasm right then. My whole body quivered uncontrollably. Lawrence continued tonguing, working it inside my drenched pussy, sucking up my juices. It felt like he was deep inside me. After bringing me to another orgasm, he pulled his tongue out of me and licked up towards but anus. I clenched a little but Lawrence’s large hands spread my cheeks as far as he could. His tongue darted around and into my anus. My hands gripped the sheets till I though I might tear them. I was weak from cumming almost collapsing. Lawrence stopped his oral stimulation and got up off the bed walking towards the nightstand. He picked up both glasses of wine, handing me one. I could barely hold the glass, my hands were still shaking. I managed to sip the wine, it refreshed me. He slapped me across the butt.

“You’ve got one hot little ass there. Just like I like it. White on the outside, pink on the inside”

I guess he was informing me he preferred Caucasian women. I didn’t question his remark, just smiled at him.

“Showtime Hon. Time to get down to some serious partying” 

Saying that he stood and stripped down his tight boxers. His huge black cock sprang out like a big snake. I couldn’t get over the size of it. It was larger than anything I’d imagined. Not just long but thick with a large bulbous head. I gasped loudly at the sight of it. Lawrence grinned and stroked it lightly, teasing it as he noticed my astonishment at the size of it.

“Ah……I don’t think I can take that inside me” I muttered.

“That’s what they all say. You’d be surprised how much that tight little pussy of yours will stretch. Don’t worry, I’ll take it nice and easy till you get used to it.” Lawrence bragged.

“Get back up on all fours. I want to take the rest of your hot little cherry doggie-style.” 

Reluctantly I got back up on all fours. I watched as Lawrence opened a drawer on the nightstand, pulling out a tube of some kind. It was K-Y Lubricant. He squeezed some out on his full erect cock and spread it all around the shaft and especially the bulbous head. My mouth dropped when I say it glistening with the lubricant on it. Lawrence’s breathing had increased, his massive chest heaved, probably at the thought of putting his massive fuck shaft up my tight little pussy.

“Relax Cheryl, this won’t hurt at all. I only want to give you the pleasure you’ve been missing out on,” He said calmly.

His remark didn’t calm me at all; I could feel myself clenching my pussy muscles tightly knowing what was about to happen. Lawrence positioned himself behind me, my legs spread wide. He pushed my shoulders down onto the mattress; I glanced over to my left. There was a large mirror on the wall and I could see him kneeling behind me holding his huge black cock at its base. 

“Relax. Just let me get it started into you.” 

He inserted a finger into me, spreading my pussy lips apart. Then he moved the head of his cock to the entrance of my pussy. I relaxed just a little, feeling the head start it’s way inside me. The look on Lawrence’s face reflected in the mirror was serious, very intent on what he was about to do. His left hand firmly grasped my hip as he forced the head of his cock inside me. I cringed as I felt my pussy stretched. The K-Y had helped him make the penetration. His right hand grasped my other hip and he slowly worked his cock in and out till he had about half his fuck pole inside me. I was watching is slick cock slide in and out of me in the mirror’s reflection. I couldn’t believe that I was able to accommodate the massive size. My pussy had to be stretched to its limits. More and more Lawrence stroked his cock deeper and deeper into my pussy. I felt myself quivering and knew I was going to cum any minute. Lawrence must have sensed it too as he withdrew his cock from my pussy and rubbed it up and down the crack of my butt. He noticed I was watching him in the mirror. 

He grinned at me, “See I knew you could handle it. Just takes an old pro to break you in right”

Saying that, he put his cock back inside my waiting pussy, plunging it halfway in. Slowly he worked it in more and more. I almost screamed when I felt him hit the inner depths of my pussy. He still didn’t have all of his huge cock in me but it was all I could take. His hands rocked my hips back and forth on his shaft. I was in ecstasy; I came once, then again when he increased the rocking. Lawrence held me firmly then began rotating his hips. I could feel his huge black cock going crazy inside me.

Argggggghhhhhhh……. Oh God……..OHHHHHHH!!! I moaned loudly.

I was having one orgasm after another. Lawrence pounded his cock into me, holding his hand at its base so as not to hurt himself or me. I started to pass out; my heart was pounding so hard I could feel it hurting. He let out a loud moan as he shot his hot cum inside me. He must have shot at least three huge loads. I passed out momentarily as I felt his last load explode from his cock. Lawrence collapsed on top of me, his breathing hard and fast. He was spent, zapped of most of his strength. 

We lie there for a few minutes, Lawrence’s heavy weight pinning me to the bed, his cock was still hard inside me. 

“Cheryl, you alright? You OK? He asked.

I couldn’t say anything. My throat was dry. I nodded my head letting him know I was alright. Lawrence got up off me and walked into the bathroom. I just lay there feeling our warm cum dripping out of me and onto the sheets, pooling between my still spread legs. Lawrence came back to the bed, his left hand massaged my back lightly. He took a big drink from one of the wine glasses. 

“Come on with me. Let’s get you cleaned up” 

It took all my strength to raise myself from the bed. As we walked towards the bathroom I looked back at the sheets. They were soaked with a large puddle of our love juices in the middle. Lawrence smiled and supported me as he led me to the shower. We both got in and he turned the water on. I was sticky and gooey front and back. Lawrence washed me all over. It took all my strength just to stand up. We stepped out of the shower and he covered me with a large fluffy towel. I dried myself and sat down on the commode. I had to pee so bad I could barely hold it in any longer. I could feel Lawrence’s cum flushing from my pussy. Sitting there, I started to regain control of my senses. Lawrence was out in the bedroom removing the stained sheets from the bed. I walked out to see if I could help him. The sheets were in a pile alongside the bed. Lawrence was drinking down the last of the wine. He had a big smile on his face, I smiled back at him.

“Baby, you’re one hot little piece of ass. I can’t remember when or if I’ve had better”, he commented.

I thanked him for the compliment. I never thought of myself as “a hot little piece of ass” but the fucking he’d given me with his enormous black cock gave me second thoughts that I could be. We walked back downstairs to the livingroom. I walked over and retrieved my panties from the chair and slipped them on. I looked around for my bra, finding it on the floor by the couch. 

“Hang on there, Hon. The parties just beginning” Lawrence said.

“Just the panties for now, don’t bother putting on anything more”.