 I blame the internet myself. People see things on it and it gives them ideas. They see an animation and want to have a go themselves. Outcome the cameras and along come the accidents. Especially, it seems, when people have had a drink or two.

My sister and some of her friends fell into that trap. They were having a bit of a party at our house. The parents and I were out for the night and the girls had been drinking. It turned out that one of the girls had seen a naughty animation at some site she visited. She showed it to the others and someone had wondered how they'd compare to the people in the animation. They decided to find out.

Things started to go wrong for them when the friend I was visiting started to feel off. That's a polite way of saying he was sick as a dog. He'd eaten something that had disagreed with him and his body was taking steps to eject it, from both ends, simultaneously and explosively. I left him to the tender care of his parents and went home.

I came in quietly, not wanting to disturb the girls. The music was blaring in the front room and I glanced in as I passed by. Then I stopped and took a good look.

Including my sister, there were six attractive young women in the room, with an average age of just under nineteen. They were also stark naked, facing the couch and wiggling their bottoms in time to the music, displaying their sex to any lucky young man who happened to wander past.

I took a quick look around and saw my sister's iPhone propped up on a shelf recording the image. They could call it posteriors for posterity. A hate to have to admit it, but I recognised the pose. I'd seen the animation on a certain soft porn site that I sometimes visit.

Now while it was quite all right for strangers to pose like that and show off their all, when it's your sister you see things a little differently. I strolled over to the iPhone, switched it off and pocketed it. I then switched off the stereo.

"Hi, girls," I said into the sudden silence. "Don't move. You all stay precisely the way you are until I say otherwise."

There was a series of horrified squeals and six pale faces looked over six shoulders and saw me standing their admiring the view. The six pale faces changed to six blushing red faces and there was a general move to start covering up.

"I said stay as you were," I snapped. "And I have the camera and the video in case you're wondering."

"What do you want, Alan," snapped my sister, trying to put a brave face on it.

"Not sure," I said, "but I'll work something out."

I strolled over behind her and my hand came around hard and fast and landed full on her bottom. She was going to have a nice red hand-print there. 

"You can now turn around and sit down, you infernal idiot," I told her, "while I attend to your friends."

Hey, she was my sister. Like I'm going to grope her. The others, however, were a different thing altogether.

I strolled slowly along the line of bottoms, taking time to cup and squeeze each mound so thoughtfully displayed. It was an interesting exercise. Two of the girls cringed away with little wails. One had no noticeable physical reaction, although she did let out a little yip of protest. The last two, however, actually kept their mouths shut and pressed their pussy's against my hand as I squeezed them.

I emulated the pat I gave my sister on the two cringers. Or, if you want to argue semantics, I smacked their bottoms hard. Then I told them to sit down as well. I considered the young lady who hadn't reacted physically and decided she was ruled out. Another hard spank and another girl was sitting down.

I was now left with two candidates. I thoughtfully rubbed the two available pussies again, considering the reactions. Both pushed against me, but when I slipped a finger into them there was a subtle difference. One young lady was, I was fairly sure, a virgin. Not so the other. A spank and I was left with one young lady.

I stood there, absentmindedly rubbing her mound, while I read the girls the riot act. I was not polite. I was rude, arrogant and insulting, but they all got the idea. I disapproved of their behaviour.

"It seems to me that you need a reminder of just what your pussy is for," I finished up.

Debra was the girl who was still having some attention lavished on her mound. She was writhing slightly under my insistent touch, trying to draw away from it while at the same time finding her body was quite keen to keep the contact going. She guessed what I was getting at immediately.

"If you think you're going to rape me you can bloody well think again," she snapped.

"Thought never crossed my mind," I assured her. "I was thinking more along the lines of using you to further everyone's education. I thought that as we're a democratic country I'll put it to a vote and see if the others think I should service you."

One of the girls, Wendy, giggled. She was the one who had also pressed her pussy against my hand when I'd cupped her.

"By service, you mean fuck," she said. "I think it's a good idea. I've never seen someone have a cock stuck in them."

The girls had had a few drinks. Now that Wendy had cast her vote they were suddenly curious. In very short order the vote was five to one that I take Debra, with Debra being the lone holdout.

Even though Debra had voted no, she was still bent over the couch, bottom up and legs slightly parted. As far as I was concerned her presenting of herself for me to take far outweighed her vote of no.

I unzipped and five young ladies were staring hard at my erection, waiting. The sixth was my sister. She was staring at Debra, watching her face as she waited for me to take her. Debra's was looking over her shoulder at me, or at my erection really. Her eyes were wide as I neared her. She wore a hunted look, looked at the girls watching avidly and then faced front, waiting.

As far as I was concerned, if she didn't want me all she had to do was stand up, or roll over and sit on the couch. She did neither, just waited, giving a little squeak as I eased her lips apart, but not giving a word of protest as I started to sink into her.

I only pushed in a little before pausing, giving Debra one last chance to protest. When no protest came I reached around her to take hold of her breasts, then I drove in hard and fast, sinking my full length into her.

Debra squealed as I drove solidly home, but it certainly didn't sound like a squeal of protest. Actually, she wasn't the only one to squeal. I was actually greeted by a small chorus of squeals and gasps as I plunged in.

Although I was concentrating on Debra I did notice that several of the girls had their hands between their legs and seemed to be slowly rubbing themselves. The smell of sex was suddenly very evident. All the girls were now somewhat excited.

I started pumping Debra, pulling almost fully out and then driving home hard. She was gasping and pushing back firmly to meet me, her bottom bouncing up and down eagerly. We built up a nice rhythm, and I was having a fine time, enjoying the feel of Debra moving with me and also, in a narcissistic sort of way, enjoying the way the other women were watching me take Debra.

Debra and I weren't the only two breathing hard at this point. 

I was still taking my time, driving in hard and fast, but not really hurrying things along to a climax. I didn't mind taking some time to get Debra well and truly aroused and ready.

It was damn near a tragedy, from my point of view. I don't often misjudge a woman's readiness, but I completely missed the boat where Debra was concerned. All I could put it down to is that the pre-sex shenanigans for the camera had got her a whole lot more worked up than I'd realised.

Everything was going along nicely, with Debra pushing back hard as I took her, then she stopped, gave a shudder, closed down tightly around my cock and squealed loud and long as a climax ripped through her. 

And me not nearly ready.

I thought fast, then looked at the other girls.

"Your choice," I told them. "Do I continue to entertain Debra when she snaps out of it or does someone else want to take her place."

All the young ladies were casually looking elsewhere, bar my sister. She was safe and she knew it. She casually tossed a cat amongst the pigeons.

"What about you taking over, Suzy," she said. "You were telling us how you were no longer a virgin so it won't really matter to you. You can show us how to do it."

Now that surprised me. Suzy had been one of the girls who had cringed away when I patted their pussies, and I had her down for a virgin and a nervous one at that.

"Ah, I don't think so," she mumbled. "Why can't he just keep playing with Debra?"

"Oh, don't be selfish," purred another of the girls. "You were telling us how wonderful it was and how we should have a go. Now's your chance to show us."

Suzy was feebly protesting, but the others were having none of it. I won't say they manhandled her into bending over the couch, but it came damned close to it. I closed my hand over her mound and sure enough, she was cringing away. She most definitely did not want this. I decided to push just a little further, and if she was truly against it, I'd quit.

Even though she was trying to move her pussy away from me it was a simple matter for me to cup it and slide a finger inside. Oddly enough she was hot and wet and I could tell she wasn't a virgin. She was whimpering slightly and I figured it was going to be a non-starter. This horse did not want to race.

I eased Suzy's lips slightly apart and she was so tense that I thought she'd scream with fright. I heard her drawing breath to scream when I started easing into her, but no scream came. I just pushed slowly in, Suzy's soft flesh yielding to my hardness, and as I advanced the tension seemed to just drain out of her.

When I gave a last hard little push to settle myself fully into her, Suzy gave a gasp and a surprised little 'oh'. It finally dawned on me that her experience was probably when some oaf had relieved her of her virginity and it had hurt. She had been expecting my entry to hurt as well and was now feeling pleasantly surprised. 

I captured her breasts and started playing with them. Her nipples were already hard and I rolled them against the palm of my hands. (Actually, looking around, all the girls had hard nipples. If I only had the stamina I could probably take them all. That much stamina I did not have. It was only Debra's rush to a climax that let me take advantage of Suzy as well.) 

"Ready?" I murmured in Suzy's ear, and after a moment's hesitation, she nodded.

"OK. I'll start off slow for you. You just move when you want to."

And start off slow I did, pulling slowly back and returning. She was still a little tense for the first few strokes but when she found then acceptable, even exciting, she started to relax. I figured I had won when she gave a tentative push to meet me.

After that I slowly increased the speed, and Suzy stayed with me, starting to push firmly against me as I took her. It was flattering to see how her nervousness changed to acceptance and then to enthusiasm. It seemed that in a very short space of time she was pushing hard against me, squeaking in her excitement.

With a now willing accomplice beneath me I set to work with greater enthusiasm, eager to push her to a climax as well as finally getting myself one. There was a bit of ego at play here, of course. While it was flattering to have the girls watch me take one of them, it was a damn sight more flattering to have them see me take two of them, one after the other, especially if I brought both of them to a climax. It certainly wouldn't hurt my reputation.

Suzy was an eager pupil. I don't know what went wrong with her previous sex life, but now that she had found out it could be fun she wanted to experience it fully. She bucked beneath me, literally squealing in excitement, pushing hard to take me as deep as possible. 

The girls were watching with somewhat startled expressions, especially seeing how reluctant Suzy had been to start with. I'll admit that when I started to take Suzy it had been near rape, she'd been so reluctant.

Now she bounced and I drove home firmly, building on her lustful arousal. In short order she was gasping and starting to plead, wanting me to take her harder, she needed it harder, and she needed it harder now.

I did my best. If a woman wants to be fucked hard it would just be bad manners not to oblige. Suzy was wanting and I was delivering. This time I was able to pick up her approaching climax and I effectively went into overdrive. It would be pushing it to demand that the girls provide me with a third partner when I wouldn't really be able to do her justice.

I took Suzy up and over the edge, spraying her thoroughly as she screamed. Suzy sort of oozed down against the couch, out for the count.

I was breathing hard and feeling like joining her, but I wanted to present a nonchalant attitude to my audience.

I straightened up.

"I'm sure you won't mind if I delete your little home move," I said, taking steps to do just that. "Now, you might like to consider getting dressed. Not that I mind, but if I came home unexpectedly, so might the parents."

I smiled at them, letting the thought sink into their slightly stunned minds. I turned and left, leaving a lot of scurrying around behind me.

The party didn't break up, of course. As soon as they'd all had a drink to calm their nerves and had all personally checked the phone to see the dreaded video had been deleted, they relaxed and went back to doing whatever a bunch of women do when they're alone and in a party mood. 

I just sort of acquired the phone and retired to my room. I wanted to do a little image recovery. I did find time to have a quiet word with Wendy.

"The reason I picked Suzy earlier was because I suspected that you were still a virgin and it didn't seem right to deflower you in front of your friends. But don't let that worry you. I'll come around tomorrow and attend to that in private."

I'd then wandered off, leaving her spluttering a denial that any such event would happen.

I fronted up at Wendy's place at eleven the next morning. Sunday morning, when her parent would be at the eleven o'clock service, not due home for an hour or two. Sunday morning, when Wendy would still be in her pyjamas, having a lie in.

I rang the bell and heard her come grumbling down the hallway to open it. She took one look at me and would have slammed the door shut again but my hand held it open.

"If you've come around her just because you think I'll let you have sex with me, you're crazy," Wendy hissed at me.

I laid a hand on my heart.

"You wound me, really you do. That's not my sole reason for coming," I protested.

Wendy didn't really looked convinced. 

"So why are you here?"

"You may have noticed that Suzy was a little reluctant yesterday when you girls suggest she help me out."

"Scared shitless, is the term you want," said Wendy with a smirk, "although that seemed to change pretty fast."

"Indeed. It was pretty obvious to me that she'd had a very nasty initiation into sex. Quite painful, I suspect. I was pleased that I could help her get over that."

"Help her get over it. She spent fifteen minutes cursing her boyfriend after she recovered from your little effort and another fifteen giving you unsolicited testimonials."

"Did she say what was wrong with her boyfriend?"

"Not really, but I got the idea that it was damn near rape and she did not enjoy it at all. She's currently looking for a new boyfriend, if you're interested."

"I'm not. And I suspect that you could say my encounter with her was damn near rape, even if she did enjoy it. She certainly had a bit of coercion from the rest of you."

Wendy blushed slightly at that. 

"You're avoiding the subject. Why have you come around?"

"As I told you yesterday, I took Suzy instead of you because I suspected that you were a virgin, and if so, your first time shouldn't be in front of an audience. 

I just came around to see if I was right and, if I was, to help you get rid of your virginity in a sensitive and caring manner."

"And if I'm not a virgin?" 

"Then obviously I would have to apologise in a vigorous manner."

"What if I don't tell you if I am or not?" 

"Then I would have to investigate and determine for myself and then proceed as previously stated."

I smiled, but Wendy almost laughed out loud.

"So everything leads to having sex with me. I said that's why you came around."

"The sex is secondary," I said. "I'm really looking out for your interests.

"You're trying to chalk up another notch for your belt," grumbled Wendy.

"I don't notch my belt. I accidentally cut the last one in half, I put so many notches in it. Are you going to invite me in?"

"Are you crazy? If I invite you in I'd be having to fight you off the entire time you were here." 

"Nonsense," I replied. "You'd be surrendering as soon as your panties came down. By the way, are you wearing panties under those pyjamas?"

In a spirit of genuine curiosity I pulled out the waist of her pyjamas to look. The answer was no, but Wendy hastily slapped the waistband back into place, blushing.

"Give me three reasons why I should invite you in and let you have sex with me. Go on. Three good reasons."

"Number one is easy. You want to. You're only saying no because you think you should. That's another hint that you're still a virgin," I added. "Number two is also easy. I want you to. I think you'll enjoy it. Number three, because I'm asking politely and not trying to coerce you."

"Coerce me how?"

"Now that is a difficult question," I pointed out. "If I explained how I could coerce you, it would become coercion. You'll have to take my word for it." 

Wendy gave me a face-palm at that.

"So not coercing me is coercing me. Let me guess. You'll spread word of yesterday's little episode."

"There you go, insulting me again. Remember, my sister was one of the idiots in that room. If I say anything I'd be hitting at her as well. Not going to happen. Enough talk."

Even though I'd pulled out the waistband of her pyjamas once, Wendy was still standing in easy reach. This time I reached out and pulled her pyjama pants down quire decisively. Wendy's reaction was way too slow and once the pyjamas were past her hips they headed south easily.

She gave a squeal and started to bend down for them, but I stopped her.

"No," I said firmly, at the same time reaching out and taking hold of the hem of her pyjama top. I looked at her and told her to lift her arms. She just stared back at me, gulped, and did so. I lifted her top up and off, leaving her naked.

"Very nice," I murmured, reaching over and gently pressing a finger against one nipple. Her nipples were erect, just stretched out, begging to be touched.

Wendy was breathing harder now, her breasts swaying in time to her breathing. I held out a hand and she took it, turned and walked down the hall towards her bedroom. I scooped up her pyjamas as we went. Not wise to leave them there for her parents to trip over.

In her bedroom she stopped and turned to face me. I kicked the door shut, then reached over and cupped her breasts. 

"Why am I letting you do this?" Wendy half wailed.

"Two reasons. Curiosity and a touch of healthy lust. Neither of which has ever really hurt anyone."

I dropped a hand down to her pussy and started stroking her mound.

"I'm not a virgin," she muttered. "I'm probably more like Suzy. Just very nervous about doing it again. I'd have hated to have been taken in front of everyone yesterday. Debra absolutely loved it. Suzy didn't mind either, once you started, but I would have been so embarrassed."

I somehow doubted that, the way she'd been pressing her mound against my hand. All her inhibitions had gone with the drink. But that was history. Current affairs was Wendy, naked, in her bedroom. Speaking of naked, so was I by that stage.
