 The day had arrived that I was due to meet you. I had been waiting so long for this day to come. As Internet friends we had become very close over the time that we had been speaking. I trusted you more than anyone and I would never do anything to hurt you.

9am was here, it was the time we had arranged to meet. I wondered if you would be there a wave of nervousness washed over me. As I stepped off the coach I unexplainably could feel you near. I looked up and saw you standing there with a huge smile on your face and arms open wide. I watched you as you grabbed Kerry and held her until you both could hold no longer. Turning to me you stared in my eyes for what seemed like and age but in reality was just a glance. Holding you close I could feel your heart beating through your chest, I was sure that you could feel mine. It felt as if there were horses galloping through me as I held you. It was then I realised that the feelings I had for you we total fallacy. The new feelings that we unravelling were stronger than I ever could imagine. Although I knew we had agreed to be just friends due to your situation at home, deep inside I knew that I wanted more.

The day was excellent, we ate breakfast all three of us laughing and joking and waiting for the time to meet our other friend. I kept glancing at you. You were outstanding. You were so easy to talk to so easy to please. The way you laughed excited me and the way you moved was pleasing to my eye. You kept touching me but keep your distance, I never knew if you were doing that because you weren't interested in me sexually or you were keeping a safe distance. All I knew was to be with you was the best moments of my life. Meeting Chele at the station you did the same thing held her until you could hold no longer. The passion that you gave off was really starting to excite me in a big way. I kept thinking are you interested in me because you were so distant. Then I let myself think that you were trying to divide you attention between all of us. So maybe I did have a small chance. 

We all settled at the hotel, then made out way to a local pub. We must have laughed from the time we sat down to the time we went off for a meal. You full of surprises, at every turn, so unpredictable, I just never knew what you was going to come out with next, but whatever it was it was bound to be funny. I couldn't wait to see you in your full element, which would be later on that evening.

We went off to a local night-club. The night was a really good one; we all had a good laugh and a good drink. We watched the strippers and I watched you, Chele and Kerry going mad over the bloke's asses and the sizes of their knobs. Then came the boys turn. The women came on and 'woohoo' did the boys have a good time. In the club Kerry was surprised to see Stuart there with his mate Ant, she introduced us all to him and he and Ant joined us for the night. I watched you dance and move about the club all night. I couldn't take my eyes off you for fear that you would make a small gesture that I hadn't seen before. You excited me even then. It seemed like everyone was starting to pair off. I sat with you making the odd obscene comment in your ear, watching you giggle and look at me in mock shock. Stuart was with Chele and Kerry was with Ant. The time was pushing on; we were all a bit tipsy. The time was around 2.30 am, so we decided to make tracks back to the hotel. 

Back at the hotel we showered the club smells away and changed into something more comfortable. The women in their nighties and the bloke's in their shorts. We ended up in one room just talking for ages till everyone started drifting off to sleep. Chele was on the floor with her head on Stu's knee; Kerry was on the bed with Ant next to her snoring in her ear. Only you and I awake poking fun at them all for falling asleep mid conversation.

It was now 4am the hotel was dead, no noise coming from anywhere just us whispering and giggling bout stuff.

"I'm starving." I said

"I am too," you replied. 

So we decided to take a trip downstairs to the restaurant to see if we could find anyone about to get something to eat. The place was silent there wasn't anyone about, except for the security guard in the office that was too busy stuffing his face and laughing at some stupid crap on the television? We sneaked inside the restaurant and went over to where the serving tables were and had a look behind the counter to see if there was anything worth eating. I kept looking at you. You were bent over looking in the cupboards. Every time you did your nighty hitched up showing me your ass, I could see your pussy, and God it looked good. You were completely shaved. By now I had a bulge in my shorts that was growing bigger with each glance at you. You knew I was watching, I was sure of it, every time I turned round to look you had opened your legs a little more exposing your clit fully so I could see everything. I come towards you and just carried on pretending to look in the cupboards, casually talking about the night and stuff in general. I could see your erect nipples through the nightie this only made me more aroused; I was as hard as hell just dying to get hold of you. 

"Oi look at this" you said pulling out walnut whips from the cupboard. You opened one of them and gave it to me.

We both sat on the floor opposite each other and you sat with your knee's up exposing your pussy to me. I was watched as you unwrapped you're walnut whip then bite off the top, sensually licking at the cream inside. I began to do the same to mine, neither of us taking our eyes off each other. You knew I was hard and I wanted you, you took your finger and dipped it in the walnut whip caked it with the cream and sucked it off asking me if I liked the creamy bit. I never took my eyes off you the whole time, you dip your finger in the whip again and open your legs, I couldn't believe it when I watched you slowly smear the cream over your clit, inviting me over to taste it. The possibility of someone coming in and catching us at it made it all the more exciting.


I don't have to be asked twice. I walked over to you and you smeared my mouth with more of the cream from your finger. I grabbed you and kissed you hard my tongue darting in and out of your mouth frantically. My hands round the back of your neck lightly holding on to your hair, pulling your head back a little. I went down to your neck, sucking and nibbling softly on your ears. I go further down letting go of your hair bringing my hands round to the front, I ripped open the buttons on your nightie and fell on your breasts sucking and licking your erect nipples, listening to you moan softly. You let this go on for a while enjoying it then say 

"I think you've forgotten some of the cream." 

I don't have to be encouraged I cant wait to taste you, I spread your legs as far as I can then dive my tongue into your hole licking off the cream noisily and nibbling and sucking your clit, feeling your body hot and sweaty. You were moaning and writhing on the floor with my face buried in your pussy. In no time at all you cum your pussy contracting with my tongue licking up your juices. You pushed me off I stood up and watched as you pull down my shorts exposing my cock. Taking some more of the cream from the whip you smear it all over my cock. You began to suck and lick telling me that you were gonna suck me till I explode. I move my body and gently fuck your mouth holding on to your head pushing it deeper inside your mouth, you suck harder and I cant help but cum in your mouth in relief, you swallow and lick all the cum from me it tasting slightly of the cream. Standing up with me I pull you towards me kissing you using my tongue to taste our two juices together. 

We are not through yet I take you into the kitchens at the back of the restaurant and place you on the large worktable in the center of the room and go down on you again while picking up a banana that is on the side and fucking you slowly till it goes soft. I wanted to be inside you. I told you to turn over on the table on all fours. I spread your legs and enter you in one stroke and fuck you my hands on your hips, my balls flapping against your body. The noise of us fucking was such a real turn on for me and we were so very noisy. You started to masturbate yourself flicking your clit with your fingers while I fuck you hard. I teased you by sometimes pulling almost completely out and then pulling you down on top of me riding me hard the feeling of my cock sliding in and out of your wet pussy is too much and I cum shooting my load inside you. Followed a few moments later with the spasms of your cunt contracting around my cock as you cum hard for me.

Both falling to the floor you then suggested that we go upstairs and finish off our mid night feast. I think that at that point I truly had found what I had been looking for.