 This is my fist attempt at writing a erotic story.. please let me know what you think. This is all a true story of me and my one and only true love.

I still remember the first time I saw his picture on the internet. I knew I had to have him. Then a few days later he sent me an email, said he would like to get to know me.

His name was Scott, worked at one of the local stores. We had a lot of the same likes and dislikes... however, I was scared to meet someone off the internet. We decided to get to know each other on the net, but after talking for just a month I really wanted to meet him in person.

As soon as I signed on that day he messaged me. We chatted for a while then he invited me to go to the local track to watch his brother race. This would be our first time meeting so I was scared and unsure. I told him I might and I would call him if I decided to go.

I took a long shower and thought about it. After I got out of the shower and got dressed and everything I really liked the way I looked. I grabbed the phone and gave myself a once over and dialed his number. 

"Hello?" Scott answered.

"Hey it's Kelly. Just wondering if I could still take you up on that offer?" I asked

"Yeah of course. But it is starting soon so I would have to come and get you right now." he replied.

"Okay, you wanna meet me at the school on the corner in like 20 minutes?"

"Yeah, I will see you there."

He was even better looking in person. That man had the sexiest smile I had ever seen.

"Hey, I gotta stop and get smokes, you need anything?" he asked. 

"Yeah, I gotta get myself some too." I replied

He pulled into the parking lot and we both walked up to the store. When we got back in his truck he went to start it but it would turn over. He tried to start it a few more times before he looked over to me.

"I feel so stupid right now." he said.

I smiled, "Its ok, don't worry about impressing me on how nice your ride is... I don't even have one."

We climbed out of the truck and looked under the hood. He said he was pretty sure that he knew what it was but wanted to call a buddy for a second opinion. Scott and I sat on the curb waiting for about an hour just talking. Everything went smooth, like we had known each other for ever.

His friend finally showed up and we decided to try and push start it and get to his friends house to the starter. We ended up spending about three hours there just working on his truck. I fit in well with friends and got a long with everyone.

Since we obviously didn't make it to the track we decided to go do some drinking at another one of his friends houses. We hung out there for a while then went to his house right down the street to sober up before he could take me home. We were sitting on his couch talking and getting to know eachother more. 

We had been drinking all night so I wasn't surprised when he said he didn't think he was going to be sober anytime soon to be taking me home.

"Well," he smiled, "you can have the bed and I will take the couch."

Yeah I know... great line. But I fell for it.

"I am not gonna make you sleep on the couch in your own house." I replied.

It was already 2 am. We both laid down, first with quite a bit of room between us. We laid there talking for a while. Then he put his on my chin and lifted my head to his. He leaned in closer to me and put his lips to mine. It was the sweetest kiss I had ever had. 

Scott pulled away and we were silent for a while. Then he leaned in and kissed me again. We were kissing for a while when he started to rub on my already hard nipples. I pulled away and told him that this was as far as it was going... even though I wanted more.

"Okay, I respect that." he said.

We started kissing more and I could no longer hold myself back. My hands started rubbing down his sides and finally reached his waistband. My hand ran over the crotch of his pants, he jumped a little when it grazed his hard cock.

"I thought you said no further then kissing?" he laughed.

I put my finger to his lips in the "hush" type way as I straddled him. I kissed him once more before moving down his chest. I knew he knew what was coming up, but I knew it would be worth the wait. I focused on his nipples for a while before moving down. I head him gasp as I got to his hip bones... my favorite part on the body. So of course I had to linger there for a while.

I licked and sucked all along his hips and belly. When he could no longer handle it he pulled down his boxers exposing his hard member. I looked at it for a second then looked back up at him. I licked my lips and let out a little moan. He smiled at me and I went back to business.

I kissed all over his newly exposed area. I gave him one last look and sucked his cock deep into my mouth. I licked all up and down the shaft, swirling my tongue all around as if it was a popsicle. This was the best cock I had ever had in my mouth, and I wanted to savor every last inch of it.

However, with every great blow job it has to end sooner or later. After about 20 minutes I could tell he was ready to burst. 

"Kelly stop." he grunted.

Of course I didn't. I wanted to taste his cum.

"Kelly, I'm about to cum. IF you don't wanted it in your mouth you have to stop." he tried again.

I kept going looking and into his eyes and started bobbing harder and faster. He was starting to moan really loud. I moaned with him. Then I could feel him swelling up my mouth. I sucked him dry while he moaned and gently pulled my hair.

After I finished I took a drink of my beer then laid back down next to him.

"Oh my goodness... that was the best blow job I have ever had. No one has ever made me cum by sucking me off." he told me... boosting my confidence a little.

"Well they just weren't doing it right then." I laughed. 

We laid there in each others arms for a while.

"I really like you Kelly." he told me, "And I really hope and think we have something special and real."

"Me too." I smiled.

Scott kissed my forehead, then my cheek before moving to my lips. He was such a good kisser. We made out for a while... his hands exploring my body. I stopped him when his hands reached my waistband.

"Nope sorry. " I stated, "It's too soon for that. I don't want this to end up in a one night stand or anything like that. And I really don't want you thinking I will just give it up to anyone."

"Kelly," he looked deep into my eyes, "I don't think that at all. I respect you, I, I, just can't resist you."

"I'm sorry." I was caving. It was so hard to not jump him right there.

"Kelly," he said softly, "I need you."

My heart melted. I knew there was no resisting him or his lines. I have never been the type to fall for lines like that but I would have given in just by the look in his eyes.

I leaned in and kissed his cheek, then moved to his lips. His hand moved back to my waistband. I felt him gently tugging on my pants to pull them off. I slipped out of them to revel my thong and shaved pussy. He gently rubbed my thigh slowly moving closer and closer to my lips. My body wiggled under his touch, forcing his hand to my thong covered pussy. He rubbed his hand up and down while I pushed against his hand. As he put more pressure he noticed the louder I moaned.

His hand dipped into my thong and pulled it off. "Mmmm... nice." he said. He then pulled off my tank top to expose my breast. He moved his mouth to my nipple while his hand explored my clit. I wrapped my hand around his head and pulled him harder on my breast. He dipped his finger into my hole as he bit down on my nipple. 

I was in total nirvana when he started to kiss down my stomach and slowly made his way down to my pussy. He sucked my clit into his mouth as he pushed two fingers deep into me. Not even 5 minutes later I felt my orgasm building up, I ran my fingers threw his hair and pushed him tighter into me. Finally I came, it was one of the best orgasms I have ever had. 

I still had him by his hair so I gently tugged on it to bring his face up to mine. I kissed him deeply. 

"Fuck me now." I stated.

I could feel his cock pushing on my pussy lips and I knew I had to have him in me. But he just rubbed it up and down along my lips, until I couldn't take it anymore. I dug my nails into his back and pulled him closer to me. 

He took the hint and pushed himself in. We both moaned at the same time. He started off slow. Looking into my eyes and gently kissing my cheek and neck.

He picked up the pace as my breathing sped up and I started digging my nails into his back. Soon he was on his knees with my legs over his shoulders. Sex has never felt that good. I came hard twice before he pulled out and asked me to roll over. I did as I was asked and got on my hands and knees. He pushed himself back in as he rubbed my ass.

I could feel soft sensual kisses on my back and it was driving me nuts. I started to pump back into him as another orgasm arouse. He gently slapped my ass as if testing the water. I moaned louder to let him know that I liked it. So he did it again a little harder.

"Mmmm." I moaned.

I felt him starting to push harder and faster. I knew a orgasm was building. I pulled him out of me and turned to him. I put my mouth around his cock and swallowed it down as far as I could. He was moaning really load by now and pumping into my mouth hard.

"Oh god." he moaned loudly as he shot his load deep into my throat.

We made love many times that night and the next morning before he took me home so he could go to work.