 She met him online. It was a fun little website and was quite addictive. He hated her at first, thinking she was crazy, until one drunken night, she threw off her little prudish, anal façade. She got him to laugh, and they began a sort of online friendship. They talked a little about different things, then found out that they both wrote erotic literature. 

After exchanging a few stories, they decided to meet. It would have to be at a halfway point, because they lived many miles apart from each other. Arranging all of the details was easy enough; the anticipation was the rough part. Finally, the day came for them to meet in the hotel lobby.

He entered, and began a search of the room. He cut his eyes to the left, and there she was, wearing the emerald green, low cut sweater she had described. Her legs were clad in tight jeans, which were tucked into her chocolate brown, leather "fuck me" boots.

She was sitting on a couch, engrossed in a novel. Her head came up; her eyes landed directly on his. Her lips curved into an unmistakable smile as she rose, gracefully, from the couch to greet him. 

Rapidly approaching him, her smile grew even wider as she opened her arms to hug him. She could feel the bulge of his growing erection and it startled a throaty chuckle from her. Gently easing back from his grasp, she playfully ran her small hand across his crotch.

"Shall we go up right now?" she asked, "Or shall we eat first?"

"Up now, room service later," he responded.

She giggled, then took his hand and led him to the elevator. They entered the elevator, each of them noticing they were the only two passengers. After one long, smoldering look at one another, they wound up in each other's arms. Her lips were tantalizingly soft, and she smelled of lilacs. He could feel himself growing harder and thicker with each passing moment. 

His hands curved around her backside to grab her tight little ass. He passionately squeezed her ass and took a step forward, forcing her backwards, up against the elevator wall. His left hand slid underneath her sweater and up, up, to cup a firm, luscious breast in his hand. His thumb grazed her nipple, eliciting a moan from her lips. He could've taken her right there, but the elevator stopped and the doors opened. 

Deftly removing his hand from under her shirt and adjusting himself, he exited the elevator, holding her hand. She led him down the hall, stopping in front of the room. She turned to him, smiled, then slid the card into the slot, unlocking the door. 

"Will you give me just a minute to freshen up?" she asked him, as she walked toward the bathroom.

"A minute only," he replied. "I don't think I can wait much longer!"

With a mischievous smile, she walked into the bathroom and closed the door. He could hear water running for just a moment, then he couldn't seem to catch any other sounds. After waiting a few painful minutes, he approached the door to knock, but it swung open at that moment to reveal a goddess. She was dressed in some shimmery green thing that he couldn't quite focus on yet; he only had eyes for her face. 

She smiled, tentatively, and held out her hand to him. He took it and kissed it, staring into her eyes. He took a step back from her, wanting to take in the whole picture. She was wearing emerald green again. It was a soft, silky gown that came to mid-thigh; he wondered if there were matching panties.

They walked over to the big, cozy bed together and stood there, completely lost in each other's eyes. He lifted a hand to her hair, then slid his hand behind her head to gently pull her close to him. Lowering his head, he kissed her softly. The softness quickly progressed into desperate, feverish kisses and roaming hands. He lowered her carefully to the bed then lay down beside her. 

He slid her gown up to the top of her thighs and his cock tightened painfully when he saw that she wore no panties. He dipped his head to kiss her again, as he slid the straps off her shoulders, tugging the gown down her breasts to her stomach. A line of kisses was trailed down her neck, over her collarbone, and he took her plump nipple into his warm mouth. She sighed and wound her hands through his hair, then jerked when his hand closed over her wet mound.

As he licked her breasts and nibbled at her nipples, his hand spread her legs gently then set to work, tormenting her. He spread her labia, inserting a finger inside her. With his finger, he teased and taunted, making her very wet. His thumb slid up to rub her clit, and she gasped, her hips lifting off the bed. He kissed his way down her stomach, all the way to her dripping pussy. 

He licked her lips, then slipped his tongue inside her. After a moment, he withdrew and flicked his hot tongue over her clit, plunging two fingers into her slippery passage. She moaned, and he smiled to himself as he continued to lick and suck her clit. He wet, with her juices, a finger on his other hand and slid it into her ass. He began to work his fingers together, one in her tight little ass, and two in her soaked pussy. 

After a few moments, he took her clit between his lips and began to drag his tongue in circles around the tip of it. She came immediately, panting and gasping for breath. She tasted exotic, just as he'd known she would. Her hands fisted in his hair and she dragged him on top of her. His dick was damn near bursting, and he felt the primal need to make her his.

"Take me, baby. Please. Fuck me, now!" she demanded. "I want you to fuck me hard and fast until I come, screaming your name!" Naturally, he didn't see any problem with this demand, so he thrust his throbbing cock into her, making her groan loudly. 

"Yes, baby!" she moaned. "I've wanted you to fuck me for months! Don't hold back, I want it rough!" He growled then, and bit his lip to try and hold out a bit longer. Her pussy was so tight and wet, and with her begging for rough sex, he was ready to explode. He pumped into her savagely, reaching out to grab her hair.

She cried out and he could feel her tightening around his rock hard dick. She began to pant, "Yes baby, yes baby, harder!" as she reached around to grab his ass. Her hips thrust up to meet his as they ground together, sweating and grunting. With each plunge of his huge cock, she tightened more and moaned louder. She suddenly pushed him up, then back on the bed as she climbed on top of him, backwards. She positioned her sopping wet cunt over him, then impaled herself with his thick, rigid staff. 

Reverse cowgirl was one of her favorite positions, and she grabbed her breasts, pinching her nipples as she pleasured herself with his cock. She took him deep within her and began to swivel her hips, her breaths coming hard and fast. One of her hands slicked down her stomach, to her mound, then to her clit. Still caressing her breasts, she began to fondle her clit while she rode her lover. 

He held her hips and matched her thrusts with his own. He could feel himself coming closer and closer to orgasm. His hand slid down between them, where he promptly shoved two fingers into her sweet ass. She screamed his name as she came all over his pulsating cock. With his fingers still in her ass, he gave a few last thrusts and exploded within her. 

Panting heavily, she slid off and rolled onto her side, watching him. He grinned at her and reached up to stroke her hair as they lay in silence. With his thumb, he gently traced a line down her cheek, then over her lips. She kissed his thumb, then took his hand in her own and pressed it sweetly against her heart. Their breathing gradually slowed, as they lay there, just looking at each other. They had both gotten exactly what they had hoped for. There was no need for words.