 I wasn't quite sure what Lawrence meant by the party just beginning. I presumed he wanted to have sex with me again even though I felt zapped of all my strength. His cock was half erect as he walked towards the kitchen. He brought us two soft drinks. I was glad he didn't bring anymore wine. I'd had enough alcohol for one day.

The sun was slowly setting as evening approached. We'd spent the entire afternoon having sex. I couldn't believe time had passed so quickly. We sat down on the coach and Lawrence put his arm around my shoulders pulling me in close for a soft and gentle kiss. I sipped the cola slowly and we shared another cigarette. Lawrence talked about how much he liked me and hoped he'd changed my mind about having sex, not to be so reluctant, just let nature take its course. I did feel better, not as uptight about sex, especially sex with a black guy. I knew when I got back to my small little farming community I'd be on another dry spell but at least I knew where I could get a really good fucking when I needed it.

Lawrence's cock began to attain erection the more we talked. I reached down and stroked it softly up and down, my fingers rubbing just below the bulbous head. It was warm and pulsating in my hand. I could barely get my hand around most of it. I still found it hard to imagine that I could take almost all of it inside me. I asked Lawrence if he'd ever measured it

"It's just 10," not the biggest around I assure you" Lawrence stated.

I figured I'd taken about 9" of his hard black cock inside me. It felt like an accomplishment, even though it was one I could never brag about.

"Do you like to suck cock?" Lawrence asked.

"I've never done that, just never had a guy want me to do it," I answered.

"Time to learn" Lawrence replied.

Lawrence had me stretch out on the coach with my face directly above is now hard cock. I held it in my hand at the base. I closed my eyes and put my lips on the head of it. I kissed and licked all over the engorged head flicking my tongue at it. Lawrence put his hand on the back of my head and gently pushed it down forcing it into my mouth. I couldn't take much of it since it was so thick. I sucked and grated my teeth up and down on the thick black cock. I was really getting into it. Lawrence ordered me to stroke it hard and fast as I sucked on him. The more I stroked and sucked the loader his moans grew. I felt like I had an overpowering effect on him. I was the dominant one.

I slowed my stroking of his massive cock and he begged me to work it harder. I stroked his cock at the base and licked up and down the top of his cock, swirling my wet tongue all over the head. Suddenly Lawrence forced my mouth down on his cock and held it firmly. Raising himself up off the couch, he shot a hot load into my mouth. Some of it shot clear down my throat and I gasped to swallow it. Cum drooled out of my mouth down onto his still erect cock. I swallowed the rest of the cum in my mouth then licked the spilled goo off his cock. I felt his body go limp and his cock started to relax in my hand. I raised up to look at him. Lawrence's head lay back on the couch, his eyes tightly shut. His breathing was hard, slowly returning to normal.

When he opened his eyes, I smiled at him coyly and he grinned back at me. 

"Oh baby, that was super. Can't believe that was your first time. You suck cock like a pro," He stated.

His compliment made me blush. I felt that I'd been able to satisfy a man, especially an experience sex machine like Lawrence. I'd always wondered if I could make a man happy. I could.

We finished our soft drinks; I was getting drowsy, probably from all the sex. Lawrence was too. 

"I should get dressed and head back to Dullsville," I stated.

"No way, Hon. Let's take a short nap and I'll fuck you again when we both wake up. I don't really want you to go."

I nodded approval at his suggestion and we headed back upstairs to the bedroom. The sheets were still piled on the floor. Lawrence retrieved a fresh sheet from the linen closet and we spread it out on the bed. I lay next to Lawrence, his arms holding me tightly. The cool air from the air conditioner drifted over our bodies as we drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke hours later it was dark outside. The clock on the nightstand said 9:00pm. Lawrence still had his strong arms around me. I shook him and he woke up immediately. He kissed me passionately flicking his tongue between my lips. His cock started to erect and I knew he was going to want to fuck me again before I left.

"Get the K-Y, Hon," He ordered.

I reached over to the nightstand and got the tube of the lubricant. Without saying a word I squeezed a big glob of it onto my hands. I massaged it all over his cock, smearing some all over the large head of his cock. I slipped my panties off, tossing them on the floor.

"I want you to get on top this time, cowgirl style." I straddled his body and started to ease down on top of him. Lawrence held his big cock at the base guiding it in for me. I held onto his shoulders and slowly eased down on it. I felt the cock head pop through the folds of my pussy lips and I let it slide into me till I couldn't take anymore of it. Lawrence put his hands on my butt cheeks and lifted me up and down on it. I could feel it working me up. I was still a little sore from the first time so I tried to slow down my grinding motions on his cock. He realized I was tender down there. After awhile, Lawrence rolled me over onto my back and slowly fucked his hard cock into me. He held my legs up and far apart. He stroked into me slowly and gently. We fucked in this position till I came and then Lawrence shot another hot load into me. I felt his cock explode inside me, it felt wonderful. 

We lay there for awhile before I got up and made my way to the bathroom to wash up. Lawrence followed me and cleaned himself off. He kissed me passionately, like he really had a feeling for me. I knew I would never consider anything serious between us but we could always be great friends, even if it was just for sex.

I got dressed and we stood in the doorway to Lawrence's apartment and chatted briefly. He walked me out to my car and opened the door for me. He gave me a deep kiss good-bye.

Since that time, we've met at his apartment a few more times. It's always been just for sex, neither of us is interested in getting serious about one another. With his working at the nightclub he co-owns, it's sometimes difficult for us to find time to be together, but we manage. He's a great lover.