 I opened up my email today and received a pleasant surprise. A woman named Jessica wrote to tell me how turned on my stories made her. She said she could almost feel me making love to her. This was just what I needed to hear right now. My sex life was not very good at the moment. Jessica's words were making me hard.

I wrote back and we began to strike up a relationship of sorts. We did exchange photos and I had to catch my breath. Jessica had this incredible body. Her breasts were full and they didn't have any sag to them. She had her pubic hair shaved off completely. I was looking at her bald pussy.

Jessica said she was divorced and her sex life didn't exist. Would I ever consider a woman like her for a lover. Damn, my cock nearly split my underwear. Our talks soon progressed. Did I want to meet her sometime. This was going to be a problem. We were nearly a thousand miles apart. This was going to take some coordination

We talked about me travelling to where she lived. We found a long weekend that worked for both of us. I made the long drive to Jessica's location. I rang the doorbell and there stood Jessica. She was naked just like that photo she sent. I entered her place and we had our first kiss together. I told her I was bone tired from the driving. She said she had a remedy for that.

We went back to her bedroom. Jessica undressed me and made me lie back on the bed. She got up over top of my crotch. She took my prick in her hand and she took me in her mouth. This was just the solution to energize me. She bobbed up and down my cock. It didn't take much to get me hard. Once I was standing erect, Jessica moved her body above mine. She slowly lowered herself until my mushroom touched her opening.

I placed my hands on her hips and I forced her down. I sunk deep into her passage. Jessica was telling the truth. She was tight from lack of sex. I planned to take care of that. I brought my ass up and gave her all seven inches of my hardness. Jessica cried out as I split her pussy wide with my thick bone. We started fucking faster. It was plain to me that Jessica needed hard cock.

Jessica would slide up and down my rod as I brought my hands up to her tits. I squeezed her ripe nipples as we fucked like crazy. Jessica was right. She didn't hold out long that first time. She sprayed her juices all over my dick as she had multiple orgasms. All that passionate loving made me lose control as well. I buried my cock deep and then I unloaded.

I sent streams of my cream deep into her belly. Jessica cried out when she felt my baby seed enter her body. I had a big load saved up. I must have shot six or seven good streams into her craving pussy. Jessica's body shook as she finally collapsed on top of me.

"I never dreamed it would be like this," she told me.

This was just the first time. I wondered what our other love sessions would be like. Jessica pulled away and I saw my cum beginning to run out. Jessica got herself cleaned up. She came back and used her lips and tongue to clean my dick up. We rested on the bed and held each other. Jessica said she didn't think we would ever meet. Now she didn't want me leave. 

That weekend ended being so short. We fucked like mad every moment we could. I took her with my bare cock each time we made love. Jessica said she was taking birth control pills. She let it slip once that she wished I was seeding her ripe eggs. I had to ask her what she meant.

"I don't know if we will ever see each other again. You are the only man I would have a baby with, Dan."

I didn't know quite what to say. Fucking Jessica was an incredible experience. I couldn't believe some other guy hadn't snatched her up. This was my gain, I guess. Jessica like to be on all fours. She placed a pillow under her face. I lifted her hips and ass up and I entered her from behind. I put my hands on her shoulders and I pulled her back onto my cock.

I got deep that last time. It felt like I was reaching all the way into her stomach. Jessica screamed for me to give her a big load so she could remember me. I pounded her pussy hard and when the time came I gave her what she needed. I sent wads of my batter into her greedy body. God, did she scream that time.

It was time to leave. Jessica was nearly in tears.

"Will I ever see you again?"

I told her that the first opportunity I had, I would be back in her bed. It was a long ride home. My thoughts were on Jessica and all the fucking we had done. I know I will have to have my Internet lover again and soon.