 FOREWORD

A thousand thanks to Julie for her silent contributions.

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 33: A Moonlight Rendezvous

Riding home I tried not to think too much about the week ahead. I'd see Beth at school for sure, maybe Lynn at the cafeteria. Both girls played softball Monday and Thursday, I had a game Wednesday. Because I'd traded off my weekend chores with Carly and Dad, I'd have to bust my butt during the week to catch up before next weekend.

After spending the last two nights with a different beautiful naked girl, sleeping alone tonight wasn't exactly my first choice of sleeping arrangements. To distract myself, I tried to think about my game face, at home, at school, the next time I saw Mr. & Mrs. Troutman. I had to remember that the girls were just my pal Jimmy's sisters, and act accordingly or risk blowing the whole wonderful deal I'd stumbled into.

Naturally I tried to figure out if there was any way I could manage to see Lynn, even briefly, Tuesday night. Maybe, but I'd have to see. Next I reviewed in my head where I stood with my homework; if I got at it directly after dinner I should be OK for Monday I decided.

Took some doing, but I was able to get my chores done before dinner so my IOU situation didn't get any worse. When Mom asked me about my weekend, the way she always does, I made it sound like the high point was going to the A&W with the three Troutman siblings.

Sure was awkward being near Carly Sunday night. For years I'd been around Beth and Lynn. They were foxes, I'd fantasized about them over and over, but actually seeing them without their clothes introduced me to a whole new reality. Now when I looked at them, I knew how incredible a naked young girl actually looked. Now when I looked at Carly, I could suspect how delicious she might look undressed.

Her breasts had a different shape somehow. It was amazing to me that every girl was issued two breasts, yet they were as individual as fingerprints, or so it seemed to me. Getting a good look at Carly's chest rapidly began to obsess me.

The girls describing what they'd seen in the locker room didn't make things any easier on me for sure. The school only had one tiny locker room; the shower was a small room with 6 showerheads. Boy's and girl's sports were always on different days, so those kids that wanted to shower after a game or practice could if they didn't mind a small queue. That shower was so small, Carly and the girls might've even rubbed against each other's naked bodies. Aaahhh!! The stuff dreams are made of.

"Earth to Larry." Carly said.

Guess I'd been daydreaming while gazing at Carly's bra. A lot of details could be through the T-shirt she'd worn to the table.

"Pass the bread plate PLEASE."

She must've been asking for the second time, so I hurriedly passed the well-worn cheap china plate that still held a short stack of sliced white bread. Carly was giving me a look I hadn't seen before; she wore an odd expression that I couldn't read. Carly didn't look ticked. Still, I hoped she hadn't noticed me staring at her chest. Also hoped no one could see the bulge forming in my pants.

Now I was beginning to understand what Lynn had meant about not pairing off. At my age, did I want to never see another naked girl except Lynn? I knew that answer; no way! I knew in my heart I loved Lynn, we'd had great sex all weekend. Yet, I was sitting at the dinner table wondering how my sister's teats would feel in my hands, or bared against my chest. How would she look naked, I wondered? How would she respond to my hand delving between her legs?

There was a long list of other things I wanted to wonder about, but I was afraid of raising a raging boner that I might not be able to hide.

To distract myself, I concentrated on eating everything in sight, as fast as possible, so I could get to my homework. In a flash I helped clear the table, then flew upstairs. At least I was able to forget about girls during the rest of the evening. Though it got a little late, I did finish all my assignments. Crawling into bed alone really sucked, but I was so wiped out from the weekend that mercifully I slept like a log.

* * * * *

On Tuesday I was finally able to speak to Lynn during lunch. Nearly whispering, I asked if she'd like to see me IF I could get over her way that evening. Perhaps by saying I was borrowing a book from Jim, maybe I could stay a half-hour. Lynn said OK, but not to expect much, she was still rather sore from the weekend. Nonetheless, I was still on cloud 9.

Monday night I'd gotten pretty horny and lost some sleep. Thinking about Carly being on the other side of my wall became like a jingle you can't get out of your head. Things Beth had said about getting Carly to seduce me haunted me like a persistent ghost. The erection I got from trying to picture Carly in the buff made it impossible to sleep. Eventually I gave in to my hormones; grabbing a tissue, I pumped away on my tingling penis.

Allowing my brain to go anywhere it wanted, I fantasized about having sex with Carly; in her bed, in my bed, in the living room, in the barn. I dreamed about undressing her, or about exposing myself to her. Naturally, I was trying to picture my penis moving in and out of a pussy I'd never seen; I could sort of imagine it, but was never able to bring my vision of Carly into focus.

Even though I'd gotten very excited, I couldn't quite get off. Then I began imagining Beth undressing my sister. I pictured them French Kissing, Beth sucking on Carly's teats, Beth moving her head between Carly's legs...

Bingo!! My load spewed into the tissue. Having been extremely turned on, I achieved a fairly intense orgasm. Finally, the sandman paid his visit.

Tuesday really dragged, I had trouble staying awake in class. After school I rushed through chores, tackled my homework, then wolfed down dinner. The "I need to get a book from Jimmy, be back in an hour." worked, as I expected it to. Pedaling like mad, I hurried to the Troutman's, but not so fast that I'd get sweaty.

After knocking, I opened the Troutman's front door, shouting, "I'm here, OK to come in."

Letting myself in as usual when I heard their folks shout "Hi, Larry." from the Living Room, I headed to Jim's room. He helped me select a book 'to borrow'. Best of all, now I had something 'to return' sometime soon! Jim understood completely when I explained I was feeling lonely and wanted to see Lynn for a few minutes.

Jim smiled a Cheshire Cat grin. "Beth gave me a great blowjob in the barn before dinner to help me with my 'loneliness'." I wanted to be so cool about everything, but I think I blushed anyway. 

Putting the book on the tiny oak corner table in the hallway, I gently knocked on Lynn's door. A second later it opened, Lynn pulled me inside, then laid a toe-curling kiss on me.

"We'd probably be OK here, but I'd feel better if I met you at the guest cabin. I'll slip out the back door, meet me there in 5 minutes. Ride your bike up the drive like you're leaving, then park it behind the cabin. Now, go kiss Beth goodnight, that'll make the 5 minutes go quickly." Lynn gave my lips a swift peck, my butt a quick squeeze, then shoved me out her door.

Having wanted to see Beth anyway, at least to say "Hi." I tapped on her door, then entered at her "come in." 

"Larry! Hi, sugar."

She was off the bed and in my arms in record time. It was a nice greeting. The French kiss that followed was nicer still.

"Got time to help me with my homework?" she said playfully as she rubbed her breasts into my chest then her crotch into mine. I groaned, God she felt great.

"I've missed you a lot, Beth. But as much as I'm dying to jump on you, I'm meeting Lynn at the cabin in 2 minutes. I've got to get home soon with the book I just had to come borrow from your brother. However, I do have time for another nice kiss..."

Smiling, Beth welded her mouth to mine. Pulling her shirt out of her jeans, my hands slipped underneath it so I could play with her silky bra-encased breasts. The way she breathed into my mouth told me she liked being felt up.

Though it was hard to stop, I didn't want to leave her too revved up or hanging. Moving my hands behind Beth, I gave her tush a quick feel, hugged her, then ended our kiss while I was still able to.

"Now I miss you twice as bad." I grinned at her. "I can't wait for Friday night. Want to be my date for the first or second feature?" I said lightheartedly.

"I'll take the second, I liked that long slow screwing you gave me Sunday afternoon. After Lynn is done with you, let's see if we can make love through the entire movie." My knees got week at the prospect. Beth was so damned sexy, she'd taken my bravado and turned it right around on me. She also gave me an erection just thinking about her and Lynn's backseat.

Beth felt my boner forming. "Well, now that I've warmed you up for Lynn, scat. Don't keep a pretty lady waiting." She kissed me, copped a feel of my erection, then scooted me out the door.

Grabbing the book, I flew downstairs. Displaying the useless tome, I waved goodnight to Mrs. Troutman as I passed the Living Room. Like lightning, I was out the door, on my bike, then heading up the drive. The instant it was safe, I veered off to the cabin. Dusk had yielded to night, but the three-quarters moon made it easy to see my surroundings. Silently I entered the cabin. It was mostly one fair sized room. The moon shining through a window silhouetted Lynn sitting on the twin bed.

Like a shot, I was at her side. "I missed you so much." I whispered as I kissed her. We traded loads of kisses. Our hands were soon groping each other like robbers searching for loot.

Minutes later we were breathing hard into our lover's mouth. We undressed each other, yet our lips rarely parted. After making love to her nipples for several minutes, her breathing suggested she was getting a bit ahead of me in the arousal department. 

Rolling her onto her back, I lay halfway on top of Lynn as I kissed her with all the feeling I could put into it; I'd begun massaging her pussy minutes earlier. Her hand had now guided me a shade higher, then into a subtly different rhythm. Her right hand was trapped underneath me, but she had my penis in her grasp. Slowly I'd begun pumping through her hand.

As we continued kissing, I felt this was as good, or better, than any intercourse we'd shared. At that moment it dawned on me that as long as it was any kind of sex, and it was with Lynn, I'd enjoy it immensely.

Sure that Lynn was getting close, I began to kiss my way downward to eat her off, but Lynn said, "I love this, just keep kissing me." She didn't have to ask twice.

Every touch of her tongue to mine had been feeling like a magic wand was at work. Each point of contact left a lingering, warm glow. Her hips adopted a gentle roll that complimented my circular massaging motions. She felt so sensuous as she moved, I couldn't imagine any female ever being more seductive. As she became very damp, I slid my middle fingertip directly onto her clit.

Lynn wrapped her free arm around my head, pulling my mouth against hers as hard as possible. Her pelvis and my hand maintained a steady rhythm, but her tongue became far more insistent. Her breathing into my mouth became frantic. Lynn was coming; she was enjoying a solid climax.

Her hand gripped my cock very tightly, too hard for me to move. She'd blow her breath into my lungs, then instantly suck it back into hers. I felt her skin radiate warmth everywhere we touched. It was heavenly.

Still kissing Lynn as she came down from her peak, I withdrew my finger from her clit, instead covering it by pinching her lips over her clitoris. I continued my massage by working her lips in a lazy circle around her clit. As her grip on me loosened, I resumed pushing through her fist.

A bit breathlessly, Lynn asked, "I can't do much for you like this, what would you like to do tonight?"

"How I wish you could read my mind so you'd truly know how much you're 'done' for me already."

I kissed her, Lynn kissed me back.

"I'd like to do what we did at Bennett's pond. I'd enjoy doing that again, but with us both undressed this time." 

Rolling on my back. Lynn straddled my hips. The moonshine illuminated her shapely figure very well. She rubbed my glans into her palm, spreading my secretions around. Carefully, Lynn reached inside herself for additional lubricant. Making sure I saw everything, she spread her lips apart like a bun, then wrapped her vulva around my sausage.

My palms ran up her stomach, surrounded her breasts, then fondled them endlessly. At times I'd release her so I could thrill to having them sway and jiggle before my eyes. Rapidly building to my climax, I was getting thicker. Lynn's expression made me suspect she was going to come again. Lynn inched ahead until she was mostly rotating on my knob. She leaned far forward, I think Lynn was trying to drive her clit into my little slit. It felt so exciting! So wet! So warm! So slippery! Erotic! I was seconds away.

"I'm going to shoot hot sperm all over your clit, Lynn. I'm going to suck your nipples and cover your clit with my thick cream!" Her whole body shuddered, I knew for sure now; Lynn would be joining me in Joyland. I grabbed both teats, tugging until I could suck both nipples into my mouth.

We came together. I don't know who started it, but she felt a lot of semen pulse into her slit, bathing her clit. Hearing her stuttering groans, feeling her pussy grind down onto my penis, enabled me to open my floodgates and totally empty my testicles against her searing pink flesh.

Lynn eventually lay on top of me. We kissed and rubbed ourselves against each other until we both knew it was time for me to leave, and then some.

I insisted on helping her dress, getting a big kick out of putting her panties ON for a change. Getting all that wonderful everything back into her bra was awesome. Lynn returned the favor. I could have killed her though.

Just before pulling my underwear up; Lynn grabbed my limp penis, knelt, mouth open, an inch away, looked into my eyes, bated her lashes then said, "You sure you have to go?"

I made a two-handed strangle gesture; Lynn squealed, but yanked my shorts into place.

A nice hug, a nice kiss, a look outside to check for anyone watching, then I was off for home. Three days until Friday night. Damn!

What we didn't know at the time was we'd been watched.

The watcher didn't know someone was watching them.

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This saga continues with Chapter 34.