 Sweat was pouring off my face. I adjusted my grip on the handlebars to ease my hand fatigue. My thighs were just beginning to protest. I could see the crest of the hill up ahead. Glancing down at my speedometer/computer, I couldn’t help smiling – this might just be my best time yet. Damn, this was turning into a great ride.

Been riding for just over five years now. A knee injury terminated my running program, and the physical therapist suggested bicycling. I never bought another pair of running shoes. Even with my work commitments I average three rides a week. I’ve actually gotten pretty good, even won some races in my age group. It wasn’t like I was ready for the Tour de France, but I enjoy the competition.

Today’s training route - my favorite, wound through old county back roads. The long climb was a pain but it had the fastest descent of all my rides; a steep curving plummet that needed total concentration. At the bottom of the hill the road flattens and straightens out just before it crosses some train tracks. Once past the train tracks it’s a simple turn to the left onto a bike trail and an easy cool-down ride home.

As soon as I was done with this ride I was going to do nothing but relax. I was looking forward to a long restful weekend. The completion of a major project at work, one that consumed far too many evenings and weekends, said I deserved it – and I wasn’t about to disagree. 

Approaching the high point of the ride, I shifted through the gears to keep my pedals spinning at over 75 revolutions per minute. I wanted to save my legs for the descent as that allows me to reach my top speed. I let my mind fantasize for a moment about that long hot shower waiting for me at home. No, first I would enjoy a cool refreshing drink and then I’d take a long, hot shower.

I reached the crest and shifted back through the gears picking up speed as I descended. My pedal revolutions were over 100 as I settled into the highest gear. Reaching top speed I tucked into my most aerodynamic position and enjoyed the roar of wind rushing past my ears.

WHOOOOOSH! That was no wind! And that was one fucking close call!

Something silver flashed by me so close that I was physically pushed sideways by the airwave. I lifted my head in time to see the driver with a mobile phone cupped to her ear – fucking bitch! Was the cell phone held-to-the-ear destined to become the 21st century equivalent of flipping someone the bird?

Ahead of the car I saw the railroad crossing lights blinking and the control arms descending. I watched with real satisfaction as the car’s brake lights lit up. The driver must have been racing to make the crossing – she’d lost. But with any luck I wasn’t about to!

There was an excellent chance that if the train was long enough or slow enough I’d reach the sedan in time. I was more than eager for the opportunity to vent my ire on the unthinking driver. I reached the car with plenty of train yet to clear the crossing.

Crossing slowly behind the sedan, an immaculate BMW 740i, I pulled up next to the driver’s side door. The woman’s perfectly dyed blond hair was pulled back into a shoulder length ponytail. I noticed a black jacket folded neatly on the passenger’s seat. The woman had on a white blouse and a very short black skirt. As I pulled up beside her I could see that she was quite pretty, and judging by the volume of her voice very pissed off. Even with the windows up, I could hear every word she shouted into the phone.

“Yeah, you heard me right asshole, THE LAWYERS. I gave them the photos of you and your personal assistant – little miss ass slut. Really? Well guess again, do you remember that pre-nuptial agreement that you had me sign? Do you recall the clause about adultery? Ohhh very good – I am going to own you, you worthless fucking prick!” She snapped the cell phone closed and threw it onto the passenger seat and yelled at it, “And I hope your dick falls off you cheating bastard!”

I gasped and nearly fell off my bike. I’d definitely caught her off guard because she yelped, turned and looked at me in surprise. I smiled my best innocent smile at her. Because she was sitting lower than me, I couldn’t help but look down the top of her blouse. Her breasts heaved mightily with the emotions she was dealing with. The window separating us lowered silently. The woman’s eyes were level with my sweat-stained crotch. She glanced up at me.

“You heard?” It was as much a statement as it was a question. When I nodded she sighed deeply, resting her forehead on the steering wheel. Bending forward caused her blouse to bow out and I had a clear view of a bra-clad breast. Her skirt inched up higher too. She had great looking legs. I was getting aroused.

“You wouldn’t believe the number of times I’ve heard; “I’m just tired tonight honey – I have to work late dear – I have to go in on the weekends.” I should have known…no, that’s not true. I did know but I let him buy my silence with the houses, the cars, these boobs. Now he’s going to pay – that fucking asshole is going to pay!

“Goddamnhim! I never refused him anything! There was a time when he couldn’t keep his hands off of me. That bastard hasn’t touched me in months.”

“Months?” I was reminded of my own situation at home. She looked me up and down, and with a barely perceptible nod repeated, “Months.”

We stayed there watching the train cars go by until the warning bell signaled the opening of the crossing. I turned to her to wish her good luck and was answered with a very strange expression. She licked her lips and took a deep breath.

“The intersection up ahead – just past it. If you turn right, after the gas station there’s a road that ends at an old picnic area. Nobody ever goes there.” She glanced at her watch. “If you’re not there in 3 minutes, I won’t be there a second longer.” She sped off down the road.

I was surprised that I followed her. I actually stood on my pedals and took off after her. My legs were tired but I rode as hard as I could. I was pleased to see that just past the gas station, she turned right.

I pulled into the picnic area just as she was getting back into her car. I stopped my bike right in front of her and dismounted. She stood with her door open and for the longest time we just looked at each other.

My heart was pounding and I finally had to speak. “Look, I’ve never really done anything like this. And to be honest I’m not sure why I followed you. I mean you’re married....”

She stepped around from behind the car and walked up to me just as causal as could be.

She kissed me. And then I kissed her back. Hands began to move and caress. Clothes started piling up on the hood of her car. Nipples hardened. Breathing came in ragged gasps.

I rolled home two hours later. I hung my bike in the garage and entered the house through the utility room door. The teenagers, Jenny and Will, were in the dining room with their heads down in their homework. They barely acknowledged my arrival. I needed that shower right now and quickened my pace towards the bathroom.

“Honey, is that you? Is everything okay? I was getting worried.” The voice was coming from our bedroom and growing louder. I was cut off from our bathroom. Damn.

I turned and made for the kitchen sink to wash my face clean. I bent forward just as two arms encircled me, pinning my arms to my sides.

“No, no, no. I’m too sweaty. You’ll get your clothes dirty.”

I was turned around, pushed against the counter and kissed. My husband was genuinely glad that to see that I was home and safe. The pressure of his kiss eased and he relaxed the bear hug he had me in. “I like my women hot and dirty.” I heard the kids groan.

He pulled back and looked me in the eyes. I watched the flare of his nostrils and heard him sniff. I knew exactly what I smelled like. My stomach churned in a tumbling free-fall.

Then I realized the tumbling free-fall feeling for what it was. He was grinding his steel-hard erection into my stomach. Now that was a surprise.

Well, so much for a long restful weekend.