 They met on line. He answered her ad. Both were in their forties, both had been divorced within the last year or so. 

Their spouses had left for other, younger partners. Both had active imaginations and both had gone without much, or any, sex for years prior to their divorces.

She had answered his email, one of dozens she received answering her ad, and one of only six that she answered. 

Soon they were corresponding daily, which led to phone calls, then one night they talked nearly the whole night away after a very satisfying phone sex session.

She continued to correspond with others, including a couple and a single woman. But he was the one that she wanted to meet now.

She had some very erotic and sometimes very kinky phone sex encounters with him, but most of the phone calls were just about mundane get-to-know-you things.

He was actually quite shy and, especially at first, had to be drawn out, often stumbling over words, but very likable. 

In fact she came to really like him. She realized that he was looking for sex, but also was open for a relationship, something most of the others weren't willing to consider.

She wasn't sure she wanted to be tied down to any one person, but she felt so comfortable talking to him that it might be a possibility with him.

On the other hand, after her divorce she had sort of looked forward to sowing some wild oats. She wondered if he felt the same way, or if he would be bothered if she saw others.

He had sounded enthusiastic about anything sexual that they talked or fantasized about, she felt that he, if properly encouraged, would be open to her wildest fantasies.

And she had harbored some pretty wild fantasies, and had kept them hidden for too long.

Eventually they agreed to meet. He only lived about an hour away, he said that it was actually not far out of the way from his route to and from work.

He knew that there were others that answered her ad, she didn't explicitly tell him so, but there was an unspoken understanding that others had answered her ad and that she was communicating with them still.

She didn't know if he was in contact with others or not, she suspected not. While both of them had dated others since their divorces, neither had sex with anyone else.

Soon the day came, they met at chain restaurant, had wonderful time together, lost track of time and were both late getting back to work after lunch.

She emailed him as soon as she was back at her desk, and suggested that they carry it a bit further, and meet for drinks and dinner.

He agreed and the following week on Friday evening right on time his car appeared in her driveway, he walked to the door, and rang the doorbell.

They had a wonderful time, until dessert, when both got nervous, both wondering how things would work out at the end of the evening. 

Both wanted to spend more time together, and were horny as could be, but were worried that the other wasn't as ready to continue as they were.

Finally the meal was over and he drove her home. It was quiet on the drive. Both nervous.

"I have had a wonderful time," she said as they drove up to her house.

He was thinking that maybe that was a cue that it was wonderful, but over. 

"Got to quit thinking negative thoughts," he thought to himself. 

"Got to quit talking to myself in my head, might do it out loud by accident." 

He mentally shrugged figuring what would happen would happen.

"I have too." He answered.

"Would you like to come in for a drink, coffee, or just to talk?"

"A glass of water would be great."

"Pull into the driveway, I've got my garage door opener here," she said as she rummaged in her purse, pulling out the control then pointing and pushing the button. 

"It might start raining again before you leave," she explained with a smile. 

"And it will keep nosy neighbors from wondering about a strange car." She thought to herself.

He pulled in and she shut the garage door, giving him a nervous grin as they got out. 

She fumbled with her keys, was so nervous that she dropped them as she tried to open the door to the house. 

They entered a large kitchen and she pointed out the cabinet where he could find glasses and explained that she had to use the bathroom.

He filled up two glasses of ice-water from the door dispenser and found his way to the living room, putting them on an end table and sitting in an easy chair. 

She stuck her head round the corner and pointed out the guest bathroom, "in case you want to freshen up."

A few minutes later he returned with his face scrubbed clean and feeling much better. 

She was sitting in the middle of the large couch and he saw that both glasses had been moved to the coffee table in front of the couch. "I'm going to take you up on the foot rub offer."

He sat down at the end of the couch and she placed her feet in his lap. She was relaxed against the other arm of the couch. 

He got a glimpse of some inner thigh before she smoothed her skirt down laughingly cautioning him against peeking.

She had her shoes off and he realized that she had also removed her hose. He slowly began a foot rub as she leaned back with appreciative sigh.

"I know those shoes look good, I like they way they look myself, but they aren't comfortable for more than a few minutes."

"They do look good," he said as he recalled the high heels she had been wearing, noticing them discarded under the coffee table. 

"I'm sure every guy in the restaurant was thanking you for wearing them," he chuckled.

"I'm no femme fatal, but I do like to dress up, I've always thought that if you think you're sexy, then you are."

"There's a lot to be said for that," he commented, then continued, "So how was the first date since your divorce?"

"How was yours?" she rejoined, "Mmmmmmm don't stop with the feet."

"I enjoyed myself, it seemed like you did too," taking her foot back in his hand he pressed his thumb along the arch, eliciting another groan.

"It's been 20 years since I took a girl out on a first date," he continued, "back then I was so nervous I would make myself sick with worry."

"I hope you weren't that way tonight."

"No tonight I just enjoyed myself, guess that's what getting older does for you."

"Pretty much the same for me, but I did sweat the details with choosing what to wear and my makeup, but once you drove up I was just grinning too much to worry." she said. 

She went on,"I guess that I shouldn't be telling you that at this stage, supposedly I should to keep you guessing." 

"Well that seems to have been the way it was back in college" he said as he pulled on her big toe, "but you don't seem to be following the rules."

"I think we're both old enough to be fed up with game playing." she answered.

She pulled her legs back, giving him a playful nudge with her heel as she did, then pulling her legs under her pleated skirt.

"After all, we're both in our forties, with a few extra pounds on us and a lot of miles behind us."

"Are those pounds also behind us?" He quipped.

She laughed and said, "I was going to say 'under our belts' but thought better of that, maybe I should have," she grinned.

"I do admit to some love handles, but I have to say that if you have any extra pounds they sure do look good."

"You haven't seen me naked yet, whoops I could have put that another way couldn't I?"

"Is that an invitation?" he laughed, "I would be glad to give an opinion on that, or is that too forward for a first date?"

"We're old enough to dispense with the first date, second date stuff aren't we? I mean is there still a progression expected?"

"Progression?"

"You know, first base, second base ..."

"Oh, yeah, and then on to a home run. I see what you mean. Let me see, first base was upstairs outsidies, wasn't it?"

He could feel his face getting warmer. He hadn't had much expectations beyond a nice dinner, some good conversation and hopefully an agreement to meet again.

"I think so." She was grinning at him, "Your face seems to be a little red, am I going to fast for you?" She was smiling and enjoying herself.

He laughed at that, feeling less nervous. 

"No, this is fun, I'm just not used to this."

"We're grown ups now. I spent half of my marriage wanting more and feeling that my life was slipping away, I don't want to waste that much time again."

"That's for sure," he answered. "I guess I spent so many years being shut down when I got romantic that I'm a little shy."

"There's no need to be any more, just say what you feel."

"OK here goes. I like you. A lot. You are a beautiful sexy woman that is turning me on."

"Oh? I like the sound of that."

"If I stood up right now you could tell just how much you turn me on. I want to kiss you everywhere and make love to you. My biggest fear right now is that I won't be good enough for you, but by god I want to try."

She didn't say anything, just slid across the couch toward him, they met in an awkward kiss, bumping noses and finally getting it right.

He felt her soft lips against his, his eyes were closed and it seemed to go on for a long time. They broke apart and looked at each other for a while, not saying anything.

She took off her glasses then removed his and placed them on the coffee table. She rearranged herself and pulled him back toward her.

The kiss lasted longer this time and before it ended he was lightly nibbling at her lower lip. 

They embraced and he hugged her to him, he gently kissed her neck and then behind her ear just below the hairline. 

She sighed and shifted her torso so that he felt the firmness of her bra as well as the softness of her breast against his inner arm.

She moved her head and once again they were kissing, he again nibbled her lower lip and gently touched her with the tip of his tongue before gently easing his arm back so that his hand was against the side of her breast.

He felt her tongue gently against his lip, and his lips gently grasped and tugged on her lower lip. She moaned so softly he barely heard it.

They kissed and nibbled at each other for some time, gradually bringing their tongues into play until they were both completely aroused.

He had been cupping one of her breasts and slowly stroking it, and now could feel her nipple pressing against his hand.

She pulled away, rested her head on his shoulder and whispered that they should go the bedroom and get more comfortable.

She rose, and taking his hand led him down the hallway to her bedroom. She had a queen sized bed with lots of pillows on it.

She turned to him and put her arms around his shoulders, he put his hands on her hips, enjoying her curves as their lips came together. 

The kiss went on forever as they both pushed against each other. She stepped back and began unbuttoning his shirt while he rested his hands on her hips again. She kept fumbling with the buttons.

"I..", "I.." he stuttered.

"hmmm?"

"I don't have a condom with me."

She stopped, looked at him, winked and smiled.

"I'm not going to get pregnant at my age, heck my tubes got tied 15 years ago, And I don't think either one of us has been with anyone since our divorces, there's nothing to worry about".

She smiled secretly, started unbuttoning him again, fumbled them again, he saw that her hands were shaking.

"Shhh shhh, here, don't worry. Let me do that." 

He began unbuttoning her blouse and pulled it out of her skirt, he admired her bra encased breasts, and could see where her nipples pushed out.

He kissed her upper breasts, her shoulders and neck as she reached back and unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to her feet.

He sat down on the bed as she picked up the skirt and put it and the blouse on a chair before coming to stand in front of him again.

He put his hands around her to cup her bottom, leaned forward and nuzzled her tummy, a few kisses and a quick lick to her belly button.

"Oh, that tickled." She laughed and jumped in surprise.

He looked up and grinned at her.

"You are lovely."

She actually felt goosebumps on her arms when she heard that. No-one had said that in a long time.

"It's your turn, get undressed, I want to watch." She said as she pulled him up and got on the bed, on her knees to watch him.

He sat on the chair next to the bed and pulled of his shoes and socks.

He looked at her with a crooked smile chuckling as he said, "never find yourself with only socks and nothing else on." 

She broke into laughter.

He rose and unbuttoned his shirt and let it float down as he dropped his trousers, revealing his boxers tented out by his erection.

She smiled, turned and pulled the covers back, and still on her knees motioned for him to come over.

He lay down next to her, looking up at her kneeling above him.

She watched his face as she pulled the bra off, revealing her breasts. They wobbled as she moved over to begin kissing him again. They were soon laying side by side he leaning up on one elbow, she on her back partly turned toward him. 

His hand roamed over her body, stopping to circle first one breast then the other, caress her tummy and brush across her panty clad pubic mound.

The back or her hand pressed and stroked across his erection through his boxers, then slid down to her own panties.

With both hands under the elastic, she hiked up her bottom and slid her panties down as far as she could reach.

He moved down the bed and pulled them off her feet, his hands following her knees as she spread them slightly apart, revealing her sparsely haired pussy. 

He slid one hand down the inside of her thigh, and slowly bent over, his lips tracing a path along her inner thigh.

Her hand rested on the top of his head as he kissed his way toward her sex, gently kissing one thigh then the other.

He stopped short of her sex, and inhaled deeply, taking in her scent before placing a gentle kiss at the top of her slit.

He nuzzled her furry mound with his nose, then lightly kissing her outer lips he slid his tongue up and down her slit. 

He began exploring her with his tongue further and further in, tasting her, he felt how wet she already was.

He slowly circled her clit with his tongue, gently at first then more and more quickly as she pushed herself against his mouth.

Her hand still lay on his head, when she removed it, he glanced up and saw that she was busy caressing her breasts and squeezing her nipples.

He slid one, then two fingers into her, moving in and around, gently fucking her, she was pushing back against him in time with his fingers and tongue.

Her head was propped up on pillows and she saw him glance up, she grinned at him and let a breast go and urged his head up toward her with that hand. 

He kissed and licked his way up her, kissing her tummy, then a quick kiss to her belly button, then up to her breasts.

He took each nipple in his mouth and sucking and lightly bit them, pulling them out with gentle pressure from his teeth.

He pushed his boxers down with his hand, bending until he could push them off. She reached for his cock.

He hand could just reach it as he was kissing her, she squeezed and pulled on, feeling the pre-cum oozing out.

She rolled over on her side, taking him with her, and continued over until he was on his back, then she crawled down his body.

Crouching between his spread legs she kissed the end of his erect cock, sucking the oozing pre-cum from the end, and sliding her fingers up and down it's length.

Circling his cock-head with her tongue she took it into her mouth, and with gentle pressure she sucked on it, taking more and more into her mouth.

With his cock nearly down her throat one hand pumped the base while the other massaged his balls.

It was all he could do to keep from grasping her head in his hands and pushing her all the way down, but he didn't, knowing that better would follow.

She raised her head up and grinned at him.

"Eventually I need to learn to deep throat you."

She then crawled up his body and gave him a deep wet kiss. They tasted themselves on each others' lips as she straddled him.

Taking his cock in her hands she lowered her pussy onto his cock, guiding him in as he caressed her back and cupped her bottom with his hands. 

She sat up when he was completely inside her, sitting still and smiling at him. "Ohhh, that feels so good," she gasped, "so very good."

"You should feel it from this side." 

He ran his hands up both of her thighs, up her sides and onto her breasts, squeezing them and rolling her nipples between her fingers.

"Oh yes, like that, a little harder, yes yes yes, like that," she moaned, "that feels good."

He pushed up a little with his hips, pushing deeper into her, she responded with a downward and forward motion of her hips.

It took them a few minutes, but they soon found a steady rhythm, urging each other harder and harder and faster and faster.

"I can't hold out much longer," he panted.

"Don't stop, let it go, let it go," she said, pushing against him again building up the tempo.

He arched his back, pushing up into her as hard as he could, and felt the orgasm hit, his sperm pumping out, he could feel each jet of cum shooting the whole length of his cock. 

She continued to rock her hips on him, his cock still erect but slowly shrinking as she moved over him, the slurping sounds of their movement loud now that he had filled her up. She smiled at him.

"Oh that felt good, feels good," she said, "I haven't felt a man in me for ten years, maybe more, and don't think you're done, we've done, not for a long while."

"I know, the night is young" he panted, "just give me a chance to catch my breath."

"You, you haven't done half the work I have honey," she gasped, still slowly pumping her hips over his now half mast cock, as it slowly tried to slide out of her.

She leaned forward as it finally slipped from her pussy lips, kissed him as his hands went around her and she rested her body completely on him.

His hands caressed up and down, one finally resting on her bottom cheek, while the other continued to rove over her back.

"I think we are going to get along just fine," he said, "I like you."

"It's mutual."

She rolled onto her side, and reaching for the night stand she handed him the warm damp hand towel she had left there earlier.

"Here you are, clean us up would you, I want to watch."

He grinned again, got on his knees facing her as he wiped the warm towel over his cock and balls, then tossed it away.

"I meant me too," she said.

"I know," he answered. 

He spread her legs and got between them, bending over.

"Oh god, no-one has ever done that for me."she gasped.

He smiled then bent to her pussy and started licking her clean, first slurping up the cum oozing out before it made too big a wet spot on the bed.

He then licked between her lips and into her, trying to clean her out completely. She pushed her pussy against him, tensing her muscles, trying to push everything out.

"That's it, clean me out, clean out all your cum." 

She was thrilled that he would do this, it was one of the scenarios they had talked an emailed about, a fantasy of hers.

He grasped her bottom cheeks, one in each hand and pulled her even closer to his face as he continued to lick and suck her pussy.

His tongue reached into her, slurping out his cum, reaching as deep as he could.

He moved his tongue up her slit and began to gently circle and lick at her clit.

With one hand he then pushed a finger into her pussy, she groaned, then another, and a third as she twisted on the bed.

His other hand crept between her cheeks and his forefinger pushed against her anus gently

"Oh yes darling, yes yes," she gasped as he pushed it into her, with fingers in her pussy, another in her bottom, and his tongue flicking and swirling around her clit, she suddenly came,
