 As my eyes open around 8:00am on Saturday morning, with sleep still upon me, I remembered what was planed for the day, and instinctively reach for my already moist pussy. Gliding my finger slowly across my clit, my thoughts go to what’s in store for the day. I can't wait till you arrive, I’ve dreamed all night of the possibilities ahead of me today. I realize the time so I jump up to turn on my computer and see if you have left home yet. As I’m waiting on it to come on I reach back between my legs to play a bit more. 

A message comes up on the screen telling me that you left home around 6:00am, counting up the time I realize you'll arrive within the hour. I rush to the shower to shave and wash quickly before you get here. Spending a little extra time shaving my already bare pussy, I know through our on line discussions, just how much you like the smoothness. 

By this time I'm so hot I can feel the moisture building and making its way down my inner thigh. Really needing release but knowing that in a very short time I'll have that gorgeous cock of yours embedded deep within me. 

I laid my outfit on the bed and dress quickly. The little white skirt I promised you I'd wear fits perfectly across my bare ass, and feels so erotic because I’ve chosen to surprise you whit an unblocked view when I get the opportunity. Choosing a baby blue sleeveless, button up blouse to go with it I decide to leave off the bra as well. My nipples harden as the material rubs against them, and show up well through the thin material. 

As I'm putting on my heels the phone rings and, startled from my day dreaming, I jump knowing its you. I answer the phone, and in the most seductive voice I can say “hello”.

You explain to me you’ve just took the exit ramp into the small town I live in and your only a few short minutes away. I'm not ready yet so I give you directions to the house and we hang up. Quickly I return to the bathroom to dry my hair, and apply a small amount of make up.. Just as I'm finishing up you pull in the yard, and my heart skips a beat just thinking of the pleasure is in store for both of us today.

We meet at the door for our first face to face both, pleasantly surprised that the other didn't lie. Your as handsome as I had imagined, dark hair kept short and neat. Your eyes give a meaning to your smile, your lips are inviting a kiss. As I slowly get my voice back I invite you in and we fall into an embrace. Kissing for what seemed to be 10 long enticing minutes, our lips seem to be welded together, and the heat between us is unmistakable. 

As we pull apart I ask you if you’ve had breakfast before you arrived. You tell me yes but you’d love a cup of coffee. We go to the kitchen and I pour our coffee, and sit down to talk a bit neither of us wanting to talk but both knowing that we need to relieve the tension hanging in the air. 

As we sip our hot coffee we both feel the sexual tension in the air. We are both trying to figure out just how to get the conversation turned to what we each want. I jump up to refill our cups, and reach to get the sugar from the cabinet. I purposefully stretch so I can reach the canister, knowing your getting a view of my upper thighs and the area just below my dripping pussy.

I feel you slip up behind me, and place your hands on each of my hips. You whisper in my ear “I have got to find out if your wearing anything under that skirt”

I gasp in return “I'm not stopping you”. The sexual tension is so thick in the room now that we can feel it. Both knowing that we're at the point of no return and not caring. 

You run your hands in unison down the curve of my hips, making me feel anxious for what I know is coming. From our chats I know you’re a very oral man and I am already wet in the anticipation of your tongue playing music on my innermost parts.

Moving in closer you pull me to you so I can feel just how much you want me. You're hard cock finding its way through the layers of clothes to press on my backside. Your hands still working their magic as I slip further and further under your power.

Keeping your body in close contact with mine you slowly slip down to your knees running your hands up my inner thigh till you reach the apex of my legs. You've already felt the wetness spilling down from my hot waiting pussy. 

You run one finger from each hand in pulling open the lips of my wet cunt to reveal the spot you're looking for. One finger slips in to find the waiting hole. As you place your finger in I wiggle in ecstasy as my first spasm of orgasm hits. 

The slow torture of anticipation has driven me over the edge as quick as you touch the hot pathway. My legs weaken with each stroke of your fingers, they seem to know just where to touch to make me squirm with pleasure.

I have to lean over on the stove for support, you take this opportunity to run your tongue up my leg to follow the same path your hands had just traced. As your tongue reaches its destination I draw in a huge breath knowing that it will be my last for a while your driving me up another hill of passion that till I finely cascade back to earth I'll not be able to take another.

You tease ever so playfully, approaching the soft satin folds of my clit but not quite arriving each time. The anticipation continues to build in me as I begin to rub my nipples pulling on them lightly to start with increasing the pressure as you increase the tempo.

My mind is so focused on sensual delights that I'm caught by surprise when your lips circle my clit and begin to suck it into your mouth like melting ice cream! My legs part as if they have a mind of their own, allowing you easier access to my burning hot flesh. Your tongue dances in and out of my pussy driving ever deeper with each thrust.

I feel myself spiraling toward another orgasm as I drive my pussy onto your face. You feel my pussy kissing you back as it convulses through my orgasm. When I recuperate from your tongue-lashing I drop to the floor joining you and kiss you, licking my juices from your lips. 

As I fix each of us something to drink I make the suggestion we move to my bedroom for further exploration. When we reach the bedroom you realize that in advance of your arrival I have set up my video equipment, we had discussed it but you had no idea I would make the effort to set up your fantasy. I know you want to be able to relive later what's building to be an unbelievable day. 

I turn on the equipment and reach out to grasp your shirt, drawing you to me, now it's my turn to drive you insane with desire. Slowly I unbutton your shirt my eyes never leaving yours. You try to speed things up and I brush your hands away, all in due time my sweet sexy man, all in due time. After removing your shirt I spend some time playing in the hair on your chest with my hands and mouth. 

Sucking slowly and seductively on each nipple in its own turn. I slowly kiss down your chest to you navel running my tongue in and out as if fucking it for dear life. From your navel I move ever so slightly down to the top of your jeans, licking a pathway along the band. 

My hands lower to unbutton your jeans, and lower the zipper. The scent of your arousal apparent as I get closer, ever closer. Still on my knees I lower your jeans to the floor and hold them for you to step out of. I reach for your boxers and remove them slowly my eyes still holding contact with yours.

As I remove your shorts your cock springs straight up to attention as if I've called it to me. As if it has a mind of its own it reaches for my lips, my fingers circle it drawing you to my waiting mouth. I want to tease you but I can't stand to wait, and I take you in my mouth licking the tip to get the first drops of precum spilling out.

I lick my lips savoring the taste, and anticipating the load you're going to reward me with shortly.

Sucking you in my mouth and drawing you in farther with every stroke. I want to take all of you in to feel the base of your cock with my lips as I stroke downward my eyes still locked with yours. Switching from sucking to kissing and licking and back again I continue to please you with my mouth.

Licking down the under side pausing to flick my tongue around the head of your cock. I continue downward to the base and suck each of your balls in my mouth one at a time. Sucking gently on each one I move on down and run my tongue along the line between your balls and that forbidden opening.

My tongue traces the outer edge and then plunges in a short distance as if fucking you. I can feel you shaking now, your knees are weakening, moaning with pleasure you grab my hair and move my mouth back to your cock. Forcibly you shove your cock in my mouth and pump.

OMG I love this my eyes are locked on yours again now, begging you to fuck my face. Your hands are still on the back of my head and your fingers are wrapped in my hair. I can feel the head of your cock slipping down my throat bumping there with every stroke.

I almost gag but swallow to keep it from happening your strokes are almost furious now. Pumping my mouth till you can't stand it any more. I feel the cum rising from your balls through your cock, and you slow your pace almost removing yourself from my warm wet mouth. I suck you in again knowing that at any minute your going to erupt, and wanting to taste you more than anything at this moment. I look up at you and beg you to cum for me, give me what I so want right now.

You moan that its time and I pull my mouth off just in time for you to shoot you load on my face and hair. I open my mouth to receive the last shot so I can taste your essence. Licking my lips as if it’s the nectar of the gods, I smile and say thank you.

Not wanting to quit now I take you back in my mouth to suck the life back into your sex tool. Now more than ever I need to feel you in me.

Sensing my urgency as you rise to the occasion and then you realize I'm still fully clothed. Taking me by the hand that’s still wrapped around your cock you bring me to my feet, and take a step back. You want an unobstructed view as you tell me to remove my cloths. Quickly I reach up to remove my shirt, “slowly” you say I want to savor this.

I slowly pull it over my head reviling that I have no bra on. You reach out and take one nipple between your fingers pinching and teasing it to a hardened nub. Lowering your head to take it in your lips proceed to lick around it while teasing the other with your hand.

I moan in pleasure to this and you continue the pressure on one then the other till I'm squirming and you tell me to stand still. Your teasing continues for what seems like hours but I know its only minutes. Making it harder and harder for me to remain still. I’m thinking that if you continue this sweet torture I won’t be able to stand much longer let alone stand still.

Not waiting to remove my skirt you bend me over the edge of the bed my ass held high, my legs slightly parted. You can see the wetness dripping from my hot pussy. You take your hand and push my legs further apart. Putting my now soaked pussy on display for your eyes. You stand there for a moment just admiring the view.

I hear you reaching in your glass for a piece of ice just as I feel the liquid cold riming the outer edge of my hot cunt. I move away and you slap my ass telling me again to be still. Quickly shoving the ice up my waiting hole the cold mixed with the what now is smoldering hot makes me wild with pleasure.

Begging now for release I moan for you to fuck me. Tracing your finger along the edge of my pussy you find my clit and rub softly, adding pressure as your other hand finds my opening.

Beginning with one finger you stroke in and out fucking me, adding another finger to the mix. I’m so close to cumming it’s unreal and you sense this slowing your pace. Wanting to tease me for a while you move your finger to my ass and using the moisture from my pussy slowly enter up to your knuckle, pumping it in and out till its fully buried.

I’m moaning now begging again for you to fuck me, I can’t take it anymore please “fuck me”. Rubbing your now rock hard cock along the entrance you take aim at my pussy. I feel your cock throbbing

I yell "FUCK ME NOW PLEASE" you oblige by shoving your cock full into my waiting hole. Fucking me fast and hard, the wait has been so long we both drive hard to the climax we're sure will be intense.

I can feel your cock ramming in and out like a piston "Damn you feel good" we match our rhythm wanting to hit the peek at the same time. You reach around with one hand to play with my clit, as the other hand is still on my ass. Still ramming hard you pop my ass again, causing a moan to escape my lips.

I feel you fill me with your hot cum and I moan that "I'm almost there" "don't stop"" Harder" The pleasure is sooo much more than I could have expected. I reach the peak of my climax "I'm cuming" I scream out as my body begins to cascade over the edge. The sweat is now pouring off both of us as we collapse on the bed. Lying there we drift off to sleep but only for a very short nap. 

If you like this story watch for part 2.