 She knew he was nervous. It was inevitable. Men always hated to be dragged into the station. It didn't help when it was a woman doing the dragging. Between the perps who gave her hell because she was a woman to the other cops who treated her like a little debutante, she was damn lucky if she got any respect at all. Today, she'd had a really lucky day, a regular better-buy-a-lottery-ticket- cause-you're-really-gonna-win kind of day. She'd been called into court early this morning. Her partner was supposed to be there but he'd come down with a really bad head cold and couldn't get out of bed. She'd taken her five-minute shower, pulled her hair back in a clip, threw on her black suit and headed to court. She'd been in such a rush to get dressed, she'd forgotten to put on her bra and hadn't worn a dress shirt underneath her suit jacket. Lucky for her, she didn't need to bend over much in court.

As she exited the court room after her testimony, her cell phone rang. She was needed at the station. For the last week, her and her partner had been trying to track down this man to ask a few questions. His esteemed neighbor down the block had gotten dragged in for selling drugs. The police just wanted to make sure they had everyone. Supposedly the guy they picked up this morning had been home the night of the major drop and they needed to find out if he heard anything. For the last week, he'd been out of town, in meetings or just plain unavailable. Out of desperation, the detectives had sent out a squad car and picked him up. Nope, he probably wasn't going to be too thrilled about this one.

Grabbing the file off her desk, she headed towards Interrogation Room 3 where Alex Smith was being held. Court hadn't gone well, so she wasn't exactly in the best of moods. Slamming open the door, she sat down at the table across from Mr. Smith. The first look across his face was shock and then, and this was the look she was used to, anger and defiance. A woman. Great! 

For his part, Mr. Smith started complaining about being dragged in, having his day disrupted, his reputation smudged. She didn't really care. After listening to him moan and groan for five minutes, she slammed the file down on the table.

"Shut the fuck up!"

He stopped mid-sentence, shocked.

"I don't give a damn how you feel, do you understand me. I'm going to get answers and you are going to give them to me. This isn't going to be good cop-bad cop. There's only me and I'm the bad cop. Nod your fucking head if you've got that?"

He nodded. She noticed something about him change. He was less defiant. Maybe this whole bad cop thing wasn't such a bad idea.

"Now, you're going to tell me what I want or things are going to get very bad for you. Where you home on July 1st, around 11:00 at night? Nod if you were."

He nodded again. Moving around the table to stand next to him, she leaned over, resting her hands on the table. Her suit jacket opened slightly and he had a good view of her naked breasts. Mr. Smith's eyes locked onto her nipples.

"Mr. Smith, did you hear anything unusual that night? Any strange noises you wouldn't normally hear?"

He didn't answer. His concentration was focused on the sight of her ripe nipples and her firm pale breasts. She looked down and saw what he was staring at. 

"Mr. Smith! You aren't here to look at my tits. You're hear to answer my fucking questions."

She grabbed his chin in her hand and rolled his head up to look at her. She saw his eyes get glassy and his tongue licked his lips. She looked down and noticed that he was beginning to get a tent in the groin of his pants. So this was turning him on. Well, she could make him very uncomfortable, if that was what he wanted.

"You think you are all that, don't you? You think you're some big shot who doesn't have to answer my questions? Well, asshole, you're wrong. I can make you do anything I want you to. Right now, you think you're getting something really good, like you're watching your own private tit show staring down my jacket. Guess what? You don't know shit."

The more she talked to him, yelling and swearing at him, the more turned on he was getting. She was beginning to get wet just thinking about the possibilities. Slamming one fist down on the table and using the other hand to push his chair back, she got his full attention focused back on her and what she was saying. The tent in his pants grew even more.

Sitting up on the table, she pulled her skirt up one side, revealing her leg and the garter holding her stockings up. With the tip of her pointed shoes, she rested her foot on the chair, right between his legs. He sat up straighter as the sharp point of her shoe nestled over his groin. She was getting hot.

"Did you see your neighbor at all that night? Did you see him or anyone else acting strange in the neighborhood? We know about your hobby, Mr. Smith. We know you like to bring home young college students and take their pictures. We've seen them, Mr. Smith, and you are one sick bastard. I can make all that disappear. I can make the notes we have disappear or I can make sure the newspapers get copies of the pictures. How do you want this to go, Mr. Smith?"

No answer. He seemed fixated by her. His eyes were staring at her bare leg, the slit of her skirt having fallen to the side. Slowly, she moved the tip of her shoe, rubbing against his groin gently.

"Mr. Smith, I don't seem to have your attention anymore...."

She pushed the tip of her pointed shoe into his groin and he jumped up in the chair. She had stuck his groin and he'd loved it.

"Ah, now I have your attention. Is that what it takes, Mr. Smith? Being mean to you? Causing you pain? Well I can do that, Mr. Smith."

Reaching behind her, she grabbed her hand cuffs and brought them around in front of her. His eyes locked onto the gleaming metal. Swinging them around on one finger, she held them up. 

"I think I know of a way to get your full attention."

Slipping off the table, she walked behind him and grabbed one arm. Pulling it back roughly, she grabbed the other arm and pulled it back. He cried out briefly as she pulled his shoulders back and cuffed his hands together tightly behind his back. The cuffs cut into his wrists, marking him. Standing and turning his chair, she pushed his legs apart with her knee. Standing between his legs, she could hear him pant. He was excited, his cock straining in his pants. 

"I'll tell you what we're going to do now, Alex. I'm going to ask a question, you're going to answer. If you don't answer, or you get smart with me, I'm going to have to punish you. Got it? Good."

Leaning back against the table, her hands braced behind her, she smiled.

"Did you hear your neighbor, Mr. Tompkins, on the night of July 1st?"

He mumbled a yes as his eyes never left her.

"Good boy."

She undid the first button on her jacket. His face flushed as he began to understand what the reward would be.

"Did you see your neighbor, Mr. Tompkins, on the night of July 1st?"

Again, he mumbled a yes. She undid the second button on her jacket. The top of her jacket sagged from the release, revealing even more of her chest.

"Did you talk to Mr. Tompkins that night?"

He hesitated and didn't answer.

"Tsk, tsk, Alex. I thought we were doing so well."

Pushing her foot against his groin, she ground the tip of her shoe into his hard cock. He cried out, his eyes tearing up. 

"Now look what you made me do, Alex. Now answer the question, did you talk to Mr. Tompkins that night?"

A mumbled yes fell from his lips.

"Good."

The last button was unhooked and her jacket fell open. Her breasts were out in the open, her jacket hanging to the sides. Her nipples were hard from the excitement and from the cool air in the small room. His eyes focused on her tits, her nipples the size of small erasers as they hardened. 

"What did you talk about, Alex?"

Again, he hesitated. His eyes were savoring the sight of her luscious tits. His mind couldn't think fast enough. He jumped as the sharp three-inch heel from her shoe grounded into his groin. He thought he might explode, he was so turned on.

"What did you talk about?"

"He said he was going to be out of town for the Fourth but some people were coming by to pick up some furniture he was having shipped. Could I keep a look out for them incase they needed anything."

Smiling, she slid her skirt up higher on her thighs. He could just barely see the bright white of her panties against her mound. 

"What else?"

"Nothing else, that was all we talked about."

Thinking and then smiling, she pulled her skirt up higher. Her panties were fully revealed. A damp wet spot covered the front. 

"Did you see anybody come by?"

He nodded his head. She stood in front of him, reaching up under her skirt and pulling her panties off. She held them in her hand and then pushed them in his face, letting him smell her scent. He moaned and pulled at the cuffs. She laughed. Sitting back up on the table, she spread her legs and let him see her bare pussy under her skirt. He licked his lips.

"Here's where this gets fun, Alex. You give me a description and I'll let you have a treat. How many were there?"

"Three."

Sliding her hand down between her legs, she spread her legs wide open. Her finger tip ran across her slit and she moaned gently. His eyes watched her finger stroke her wet pussy. He moaned as the tip of her finger disappeared inside her pussy lips. She worked her finger in and out, pushing between her lips. Slipping her finger out, she held it to his mouth.

"Suck it, taste it."

His lips closed around the tip of her finger and he sucked, tasting her juices. He sucked hard, pulling her finger deeper into his mouth, his tongue wrapping itself over her finger. Pulling her finger out, she smiled.

"Now, Alex, what did the first one look like?

Alex gave a good description, his eyes never leaving her wet pussy. As he described the man, she played with herself. Her fingers were stroking her, rubbing her clit. She moaned as he talked about how tall the man was, how he looked. She was so wet, her fingers were diving in and out with no resistance. When he finished describing the man, she scooted to the edge of the table and pulled his head towards her. Straining to lean forward with his arms still behind his back, he let her push him towards her. His nose pressed against her mound and his tongue snaked out across her.

"Lick me, Alex. Lick my fucking pussy."

His tongue licked up and down her wet slit. The tip pushed between her lips and then up and down just inside her. She moaned and pushed his face harder against her. With small quick strokes, his tongue licked her, driving her wild. She closed her eyes and moaned, pushing his head harder into her mound and using her other hand to massage her tit. 

"That's good, Alex... mmmm soooo good. Lick my fucking pussy. Lick it."

She cried out when she felt his lips close around her hard clit and suck it into his mouth. Her orgasm was incredible, shaking her body. Her breasts bounced as her body shook. Stroking the back of his head, she told him how good that had felt.

"Now, see Alex, when you tell me what I want, you get a reward."

She stayed sitting on the table, her legs spread, her pussy dripping. 

"Tell me about contestant number 2, Alex. What did he look like?

She could tell poor Alex was ready to explode. His cock was swelling up in his pants, pushing at the fabric holding it in. As Alex talked, describing the second man he saw that night, she leaned over and slowly unzipped his pants. She was careful not to touch him, not to run her fingers over his sensitive cock skin. His cock popped out, hard and erect, wet over the tip.

Alex moaned as he continued to tell his story. The cool air was sliding across his cock. He wanted her to take him in her mouth, to suck him clean. She wouldn't touch him. He knew that and it excited him more. He pulled at the cuffs, the metal cutting further into his wrists. When he was finished, he looked at her, expecting something but not sure what.

"Good Alex. Now we're getting somewhere. You've told me about man number 2 so now you get a reward."

She stood, slowly slipping her jacket off her shoulders and laying it on the table. Unzipping her skirt, she let it fall to the floor, picked it up and set it with her jacket. Naked, except for her garter, stockings and heels, she sat back on the table.


"You want me to touch you, Alex, don't you? You want me to take your hard cock in my hand and stroke it, jerk you off. Or do you want me to take it in my mouth and suck you until you spurt your cum in my mouth? I don't think so, Alex. Not yet."

She turned around, leaning across the table with her ass in his face. You was dripping wet, her pussy was shivering with anticipation and lust.

"Lick my ass. I want to feel your tongue on my asshole."

She pushed her ass back against his face. She moaned when she felt his tongue slowly lick her asshole. Laying her chest down against the table, she reached back with both hands and pulled her ass cheeks apart. Alex dove his tongue deeper inside her tight asshole, licking her rim and loving every second of it. His cock was straining, literally jumping to get at her but she was too far. Alex's tongue pressed against her and she moaned. 

"Slide your tongue over me... mmmm.... ohhhh yessss.... lick my fucking ass."

As Alex's tongue slid up and down her ass, moving from her pussy to her little hole, she reached around and slipped the tip of her finger inside her tight ass. Alex felt like he would explode right there and then. He watched as her finger slipped in and out of her ass, fucking her hole. He stopped licking and just watched.

"Who told you to stop!"

She jumped up and turned around. Alex's face went flush but his cock sprang ever higher to attention.

"I didn't tell you to stop licking me. You need to be punished."

Walking to the bookcase by the door, she grabbed a thin piece of plastic from the shelf. He's seen these before. They were used for cuffs when the police were working with large numbers of people, usually a riot or something like that. She walked back to him, her hand holding the thin plastic cord to her mouth. It was rigid but pliable. She ran her tongue across it, licking it. Standing in front of Alex, she smiled.

"You were a very bad boy."

She leaned over and very slowly wrapped the plastic cord around the tip of his cock, just under the head. The intense pressure caused his cock to spurt a small drop of cum from the tip. He moaned. With the cord tied around the tip of his cock, the pressure would build but he wouldn't cum. He moaned again. The tip of his cock felt like it was three hundred times bigger than it was.

"That's better. Now Alex, tell me about man number 3."

Sweat was forming on Alex's forehead. He talked rapidly, telling her whatever she wanted to hear. As he talked, her fingers played with her pussy and then with her nipples. She alternated between sliding her finger deep inside her tunnel and having it in her mouth. His cock was surging with life like never before. He couldn't remember ever feeling this way.

After he was finished, she stroked his cheek. Leaning forward, she pushed his head against her mound again and he licked furiously. His tongue was quick and hard. She moaned and bucked her hips against his face. Her orgasm was quick.

"Is there anything else you want to tell me, Alex? Anything else we haven't covered."

He looked up at her and then down at his raging cock. The tip was purple and dying to be released. He looked at her pussy, which she was stroking again with her fingers. 

"There's another big shipment on Tuesday,"

She smiled. 

"Really good boy, Alex. You deserve a special treat."

Slowly kneeling in front of him, her hands on his knees, she leaned forward. He cried out and nearly fell backwards as her tongue flicked across the head of his cock. Using a feather touch, she circled the head of his cock with her tongue. Then, taking the tip in her mouth, she sucked hard and slow. He moaned.

"Ohhhhh fuccckkkkkk! Suck me fucking cock! Suck it!!"

Her mouth was working faster and faster on the tip. Her tongue lapped at the length of him, licking his shaft. She tore the plastic cord off with her teeth, his cry of pain nearly causing her to orgasm. Standing and turning with her back to him, she straddled his legs. Slowly, she lowered her hot pussy onto his raging cock, opening herself wide. He moaned and bucked upwards, her pussy lowering onto his tool. 

Slowly, she moved her hips back and forth, dragging her ass across his lap. His cock was huge and filled her tight pussy. She massaged her tits as she fucked him, his cock drilling up into her. She reached down between them, stroking her pussy as his cock slipped in and out of her. She felt her orgasm rip through her, her pussy tighten around his cock. He moaned and thrust upwards. His cock erupted inside her. She fucked him harder and then sat up abruptly.

Leaning over, she took his still spewing cock in her mouth and sucked him. His cock was shaking, jerking his cum in her mouth. She sucked harder and faster on his tool. When at last he was done, she licked and kissed the tip. 

Standing, she took her skirt off the table and slowly zipped it back into place. Grabbing her jacket, she slid her arms back in and buttoned them up. Finally, she reached around, stuffed her discarded panties into his pants with his dick and zipped his pants back up. Slapping his face gently, she told him what a good witness he'd been.

"I can't wait to get you in court and work on your... testimony."

She opened the door and closed it behind her, leaving him still handcuffed and unable to move. Within ten minutes, another officer appeared and uncuffed him. 

"You must have been a real pain the ass, buddy. She never cuffs guys."

Alex smiled and left feeling that this trip to the police station had definitely been worth it. For her, she went looking for the next witness to interrogate. To hell with good cop-bad cop. She was the fucking cop.