 I had just merged onto I-75 south. I was heading home to north Florida from Tennessee, where I had been at a family funeral. I was facing a ten hour drive. After an hour or so, I realized that I had been traveling with the same group of three other cars for a little while, which happens sometimes with interstate travel.

As I became aware of the cars, I got curious about the other drivers. In the car behind me were two women, an older mother and daughter pair. The car to my left held three college kids. The black SUV in front of me was huge, and all I could see of the driver was a profile in the side mirror that let me know he was male. The car with the college kids was speeding up to overtake the SUV. Once they did, I used my left turn signal as I eased around the SUV.

As I pulled even with the driver, I glanced over curiously. My glance turned into a look and then into a stare. The man driving was absolutely gorgeous. He had thick wavy dark hair a little shorter than collar length and a strong jaw. I'm pretty sure my mouth fell open, and then he turned to glance at me. I saw him take in my stare, chuckle, and smile at me. I had to turn my attention back to driving just then to stay on the road. As I pulled in front of the SUV, I looked in the rear view mirror. Did that guy really look as hot as I thought he did? I was too far away to see his face clearly. I shrugged and watched the road ahead.

A few minutes later, I checked the rear view mirror, and the SUV had gained on me. Now it was close enough that I could see the driver's features, and yes! He was as gorgeous as I thought. It seemed like just then, Mr. SUV smiled at me. But no, he couldn't know that I was watching him.

The car with the women pulled ahead of me, and the college kids were passing a slower car. A scene of the SUV driver and me together flashed quickly through my mind - the two of us kissing, arms wrapped around each other. Then it became the two of us lying together, him on top of me, both naked.

Just then, the SUV driver signaled and passed me. I couldn't help but look at him again, and this time, I know he smiled at me. Holy crap! My stomach flip-flopped and my heart started beating faster. He really was amazing looking. While his car was still beside mine, he gave me a wave which I returned without thinking. 

After a while, the car with the college kids exited the interstate, and the car with the women fell behind. For a time it was just him and me. We leap-frogged each other for a while, sharing a smile each time we passed. Now the fantasies were coming to my mind hot and heavy - the hand he used to wave kneading my bare breast, him moving on top of me, my back arching into him. I was wet and my heart was thumping.

Eventually, I glanced over as I passed him, and he was on the phone and didn't look back. Then one car cut off the car in front of me, and I had to focus on maneuvering around that. When I finally looked back up into the rear view mirror, the SUV had fallen behind. During the next few minutes, a song I like came on the classic rock station, and my phone toned with a new text message. After that, I could no longer identify the SUV among the cars behind me when I looked in the rear view. 

I was suddenly sad, even as I knew that was ridiculous. I mean, what did I think? That we would meet and become friends? Of course not. We were just two people who happened to travel together on the interstate for a time. But, fuck, that guy was beautiful. 

In a little while, I saw a blue rest area sign for a mile ahead, and I pulled off the interstate.

There weren't many cars in the rest area parking lot, but there was a heavy duty pickup truck towing a camper as long as the truck itself, and the driver had pulled horizontally across what must have been ten parking spaces right in front of the building. I had to park about half way across the lot, and I was annoyed as I grabbed my phone and went inside to use the restroom.

On my way out, I saw the vending machines and decided to treat myself to a coke. I hadn't brought my purse, so I headed back out to the car to get it and to clean up the trash that had accumulated in the front seat.

It sure was cold here. I was wearing a Florida-weight cardigan sweater with a tshirt underneath, and the thirty-five degree weather cut right through them both. I pulled the sweater tight around me and made a note to get my jacket out of the back seat. As I glanced up at my car, I stopped abruptly. A big black SUV was parked beside it. My stomach flip-flopped again. But, wait. That can't be the SUV from the interstate. It was just another huge black SUV. There are millions of them on the road, right?

As I kept walking toward the car, thinking about how long I had been parked and wondering if he could have possibly caught up to me, a man walked around the side of the SUV. It was him - Mr. SUV. I stopped again, and my breath caught. He looked up then and saw me. He smiled and waved. I smiled and waved back, shaking my head. 

"Hey!" I blurted, when I was at the vehicles.

"Hey, Florida," he said. Deep voice. Sexy as fuck.

"Florida?"

"Your tag," he said.

I just stared at him.

"Your license plate?" he said, pointing toward the back of my car.

"Ha! Florida! Right!" I blurted again. Gosh, I'm an idiot.

We were facing each other now. He held out his hand, and I shook it. 

"Nice to see ya," he said, grinning.

As the wind blew through my clothes again, I shivered.

He stepped closer and ran his hands along my upper arms. "Poor Florida," he said, "It's cold out here."

"Yeah, it really is," I mumbled. Or something silly like that.

He stopped rubbing my arms and pulled me toward him, wrapping his arms around my back. I instantly wrapped my arms back around him.

Wow, just like my fantasy, I thought. Except we're wearing clothes. The thought made me jerk my head up and look at him, as if he could read my mind.

And maybe he had, because he leaned down and kissed me. The kiss was gentle at first and quickly became harder and deeper, with tongue. Lots of tongue. His tongue in my mouth, his hands on either side of my head holding my face to him, my tongue in his mouth. 

The thought ran through my mind that I must be imagining this, because things like this don't happen in real life. But just as I thought that, he walked us around and pressed me against the SUV, and I could feel how hard he was. Yep, this was happening. 

His dick was so hard that I could feel it through both of our jeans. I wriggled against him, getting closer, and he groaned into my mouth. I brought my hands up under his shirt and traced up his back. I knew my hands were cold, but he didn't seem to notice. He was just so warm.

He moved his hands down over the back of my jeans to my ass, then brought them back up under my shirt. He squeezed me, then moved one hand down into the waistband of my jeans. He massaged my ass, holding me against him, then moved his hand under the back of my panties. He reached down lower and put two fingers in me from behind. We both sucked in breath. "So wet," he breathed and grinned at me.

I kissed him, then rested my cheek against his shoulder as his fingers moved inside me. I brought my hands around to the front under his shirt, and I felt definition in his chest and abs as I had in his back. I liked it. A lot.

He shifted position so that his thigh was between my legs, against my clit. With his fingers still inside me, the sensation was phenomenal, and I lost myself for a minute. When I became aware again, he was kissing me hard. I moved my hand down and traced his hard-on through his jeans. He pressed it against me. His penis was sticking out of the waistband of his jeans, and when I brushed the head, I felt moisture. "Mm-hmm," he hummed.

I reached inside his jeans and stroked his shaft, up and down. He let me do it for a little bit, then gently pried my hand away. "I need to fuck you," he said, in that husky, deep voice.

Yes, please. I nodded.

"Where to?" I asked.

He looked around, like he had forgotten where we were.

"The ladies' room?" he asked.

I tilted my head.

"Men's?" He grinned. I was starting to adore his grin.

As turned on as I was, the thought of a stall in either bathroom wasn't appealing.

"Your car?" he asked.

My car is a small SUV, so there's room, but the windows aren't tinted. I looked at the SUV behind me, giant with dark tints in the back.

"Yours?" I said, motioning with my head toward the SUV. He nodded and reached behind me to open the back passenger door. He held it for me as I climbed in and scooted across the seat. He got in beside me and closed the door.

Before I could say anything, he had his arm around my shoulder, turning me to face him. He kissed me and pulled me onto his lap, straddling him.

"Hey there," he said, grinning. 

"Hi," I said back, holding his face and kissing him.

He pushed my sweater off my shoulders and pulled my tshirt off over my head. He unhooked my bra, pulled the straps down my shoulders and removed it. I faced him topless. 

"So beautiful," he said.

He kissed my mouth, then kissed down my chin to my neck and across my chest. He cupped one breast and brought it to his mouth, putting his tongue flat against the nipple. I wrapped my fingers around the back of his head. Then he dragged his tongue over to the other breast and kissed it, tonguing that nipple. My head had fallen back. He cupped the back of my head and brought my mouth back to his, tongue in my mouth. One huge hand was covering my breast, just like in my fantasy. My heart sped up.

I wanted to feel my naked breasts against his naked chest, so I pushed his jacket back from his shoulders and leaned back so he could get his arms out of it. He had his shirt and tshirt pulled off in an instant, and then he wrapped me back in his arms for more kissing. My breasts crushed against his chest felt amazing.

He sat up and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, pealing the front apart. I wanted them off, though, so I slid them down and lifted up to take them off. He hooked a finger into my panties waistband and slid them off, too. He looked up at me with that sexy grin and ran a hand from my breast down to my hip and around to my ass, pulling me back down to his lap. 

His penis was sticking up out of his jeans waist again, and I looked down, smiling. He grinned and said, "You like that?"

"Definitely," I purred. 

He unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and pulled them and his underwear below his butt.

His penis was free now and pointing up at me. It was a good size - a little bit longer and a little bit thicker than I had experienced before. He saw me looking and licked his lips. "Come here, baby," he said. 

He grabbed my hips and pulled me against him, his cock trapped between us. We moved our hips together a few times, his dick sliding along my slit.

Then he looked up at me and said, "Lift up, baby."

He reached down between us to position his penis, and I did too, putting my hand over his. I felt the head hit its mark, and his penis slid into me about halfway. He put both hands on my hips, I put both hands on his shoulders, and sat down, taking him all the way inside me. 

"Holy shit!" he groaned, his head falling back against the headrest, eyes closed. 

I didn't think I had felt that full before, and it was fantastic. I sat there for a few seconds, just barely rocking my hips back and forth, watching him.

"You ok, baby?" he asked, looking in my eyes.

"Yeah. Oh, yeah." I said, nodding. He kissed me.

I started moving on him. Bouncing at first, I switched to moving in a circle to get my clit involved and found a rhythm. 

With his hands on my hips to hold me, he scooted lower in the seat so that I was leaning over him more. That slight change in the angle of our bodies was magic.

We stayed like that for a while, both of us breathing hard, me grinding on him and him kissing my breasts as they swung in his face, until I started to feel it. I was definitely going to come. Fuck, it felt so good. Better than I could remember before. 

I don't know what he saw in my face or how exactly I was moving, but he said, "Are you there?"

"Yeah, I'm close," I answered.

"Do it," he said, and when I looked at his face, he was grinning. I melted, kissing him like crazy as I moved against him fast and hard. It felt so good that I couldn't imagine it could feel any better, and then it did.

He held me with one hand on my hip and one hand bracing my back, and as I finally climaxed, my body froze and my legs clamped around him. He kissed me, and I sighed into his mouth, then collapsed against him.

He kept his hand on my back, rubbing my shoulder blade. 

I sat up and kissed him. He said, "Good?"

"So fucking good," I nodded.

He chuckled, and in that sexy voice said, "Good. My turn."

"Only fair," I teased, smiling and kissing him.

With one hand wrapped around my waist and the other braced on the seat, he brought us up and over so that I was on my back. He was still inside me and lying between my legs. I reached around and pushed his jeans and undies off all the way. He scooted us down a little toward the center of the seat so that our heads weren't against the door.

I put both hands on his ass, and he started thrusting into me. Then he started pounding into me.

"Too rough?" he growled.

"Nope," I panted, as my breasts jiggled up and down between us.

"You sure?" he panted.

"Yep," I breathed.

I opened my legs wider and lifted up to him, and he immediately put a hand under me, holding me against him.

I squeezed his cock, deep in my pussy, and he drew in a sharp breath.

"Do that again," he said.

I did. I squeezed him a few more times, and then I felt it. I was going to come again, and I could already feel it starting. My back arched against him as my vagina contracted around his penis. I froze under him for a second and then he was coming. He was breathing hard in my ear, resting his head against my neck. I could feel his dick twitching inside me, and every time it did, he gasped. 

Finally, he lifted his head and grinned at me. Supporting himself on his elbows, he put both hands on the sides of my face and kissed me deeply. "What the fuck was that?" he asked.

"Pretty fucking amazing," I said.

He kissed me again, but we only lay like that for a short while. We were feeling the cold in the truck. I had definite chill bumps. 

We sat up and got dressed.

I snuggled next to him on the seat and he kissed the top of my head. 

"So, I was gonna get a coke from the vending machine. I was coming back to get my purse from the car," I said.

"Oh, yeah? Let's do that."

We got out of the SUV and walked back up to the vending machines. He put his arm around my waist and held me close the whole time. I wasn't cold anymore. He pulled some bills from his wallet, and we bought cokes and candy bars. There were other people around buying snacks, and if they looked at us funny or acted like they had any idea what we had been up to, I didn't notice.

We walked back to the vehicles and hugged for a long time, leaning against each other. He took out his phone, and I typed in my number.

At last, he walked me to the driver's side of my car. I unlocked the door and got behind the wheel. He leaned in to kiss me with one last adorable grin.

He closed the car door, slapped his hand on the car roof, and stepped back. I looked at him through the window and smiled.

I gave him a little wave, then backed out of the space and drove to the interstate ramp.

The last thing I saw in the rear view mirror was him standing by the SUV looking my way.

I didn't know if I would ever see or hear from him again. But I knew that I had something amazing to think about on the long drive home and that it was better than my fantasy.