 I was on the elevator down to her floor just a little earlier than Jessica expected him – a gift in either inside breast pocket of his tuxedo jacket. The opening reception of the conference was going to start in a few minutes, but they certainly didn't have to be there for the very beginning.

When I knocked on her door, she was practically dressed except for her shoes. She was putting on her earrings when she opened the door checked the hall in both directions and kissed me hello. As soon as the door closed behind them, I opened her tight-lip kiss to taste her tongue. She just giggled and said, "Not now. After the party, you can do whatever you want with me."

"If you insist," I acquiesced, "but don't wear those earrings. I got you something," as I presented her with the first gift. 

"I don't know if I should accept this. After all we work together."

"There's a lot of things we shouldn't do since we work together, but I have no intention of stopping them. Plus, it's no big deal. I just thought they would go great with that pearl necklace you always wear."

She was wearing it now, along with a straight black dress that accentuated her figure. I hate it when women dressed to play down their natural curves. She looked amazing in that dress: her ass was full and round and it framed it perfectly, it was low cut and displayed her ample décolletage, and showed just enough of her soft thighs to make every man fantasize about sitting next to her at the dinner table, placing his hand on her thigh, feeling her welcome as she subtly opened her legs just a little more to allow him to slide his hand up and between her thighs.

She opened the package and loved the pearl earrings. She was wearing her long brown hair up, and when she put on the earrings, she looked a renaissance portrait. She kissed him long and deep, and whispered in his ear, "I'm going to do something special for you tonight."

She turned around and picked out her black stilettos; holding them in her hand, she asked, "Do you remember these? They were the shoes you first fucked me in when you interviewed for the job."

"Of course, I remember." As she bent down to slip on her shoe, I added, "Don't put them on yet." 

She looked up with an expression of mock exasperation, "Don't put on the earrings; don't put on the shoe. Is there anything else you don't want me to do? Do you have a new pair of shoes hidden somewhere?"

As I handed her the box from his other pocket, he replied, "No, but I want you to put this on first."

She undid the box and looked confused. "It's a pearl thong," I said, "I want you to wear it tonight."

She sat down on the edge of the bed facing him in a chair and said, "OK, but you put it on for me," as she leaned back on her elbows on the mattress.

I knelt in front of her, slipped his hands under her black party dress, and slipped off her black panties, and reached for the new pearl thong. She just shook her head and said, "Not so fast. While you're down there, you might as well..." and just giggled.

"I thought you wanted to wait until after the reception?"

"The reception can wait, but I can't."

She hiked up her skirt a little bit more and I kissed the insides of her thighs, traced his tongue across the line where her black thigh-high stockings left off and her soft white skin started, caressed her calves, and moved his hands under thighs and, eventually, under her ass. I lifted her legs in the air a little, supporting them on my shoulders, as I lowered my head, my face nestled in between her legs, my lips pressed against her pussy lips. She moaned, "Don't worry, it won't take me long."

"Take as long as you like, Jessica, I love tasting you."

I licked along her slit with just the tip of his tongue gliding across her pussy lips; kissed the hood of her clit, which was still hiding its treasure; and entered her pink tunnel with my tongue pointed so I could slide it as far in as possible. My smooth, freshly shaved face rubbed against her pussy as my head circled allowing me to access her every nook and cranny. I allowed one hand to slide from under her ass, over her thigh and on top of her pubic mound, so I could pull back her hood and find her natural pearl. It was protruding and ready to be taken. I wrapped my lips around the whole area and gently sucked in. The next time I sucked in, I allowed her clit to pass through his slightly parted teeth, just grazing her button. The third time I took her clit in his mouth through my teeth and left it there while the tip of my tongue circled its base and worked its very tip. True to her word, it was only a few minutes before I felt her hands holding the back of my head as she pressed her pussy against my face. I sucked a little harder, licked a little faster, pressed my face a little deeper as she came all over me.

I leaned back on his knees as she remained on the bed, breathing hard and staring at the ceiling until I finally said, "May I have the pearl thong now?"

She handed it to him and got up on her elbows as he slid it into place. "Your face is all juicy."

"I'm going to leave it like that."

"No!" she laughed/yelled, "Go wash it off."

"It'll dry by the time we get to the reception." 

I stood up, grabbed her outstretched arms and lifted her to her feet. "That's weird," she said as she took a few steps to get her shoes, "It's rubbing against my pussy in a funny way."

"That's the idea," I told her with a little swat on her butt. "Now, put your shoes before I'm forced to fuck you and miss the reception."

As the walked to the elevator, he told her she looked beautiful in her new earrings, she thanked him, but expressed some concern about the thong, "I'm still throbbing down there. Maybe wearing this thing is not such a good idea."

"It'll be fine. Plus, no pantylines," I teased her.

They were perfectly proper at the reception. It was a very productive mentor/protégé relationship that all admired, and the very few who knew envied. It was a cocktail reception and not a seated event. At times I left her to talk to other groups, but always keeping an eye on her. I saw how the other men admired her. It was hard not to try to steal a glimpse of her cleavage. She did not walk around very much. I knew every expression of her face and could see that the pearl thong was working its magic, keeping a steady level of excitement as long as she stayed in place, but increasing the pleasure to an almost unbearable level when she ventured to take a few steps. If only the men who were talking to her, and some of the women for that matter, were aware that it would take practically nothing at this point in time to get her to cum in front of the whole room – by simply dancing with her she would create a spectacle no one would ever forget. I wondered if she were networking and looking for another job, but knew her well enough to know that she was probably struggling just to form cohesive sentences, let alone strategies.

Occasionally, I would walk to her, take her by the arm, and guide to a small group to introduce her to people she didn't know. I knew how excited she was and wondered if the others also knew, but the others didn't know her the way I did. They saw a charming 20-something up-and-coming professional in a string of pearls, matching earrings, fashionable shoes, and a slightly risqué dress, but one that was appropriate for an evening event – and definitely a dress that a woman of her age and beauty should be allowed to wear and admired for wearing. I was the only person in the room who knew how she screamed when he rimmed her ass and finger-fucked her pussy at the same time when she was tied to the headboard. I knew how she loved sucking my cock in taxicabs, men's restrooms in expensive restaurants, and elevators in hotels. I knew she fantasized about having two men at once. I knew how well she responded to my firm hand striking her fleshy ass as he fucked her doggy style. They could suspect, but I knew. 

An hour or so into the party, I went to take her to another group of people. On the way, she said, "I can't take it anymore. I'm going to the ladies' room to take it off."

I looked at her very seriously, "Don't dare, if you know what's good for you."

They stopped a few steps short of the group. "Okay, but take me somewhere," she whispered.

"We cannot do that here."

"Trust me, let's just find a quiet hallway or something."

They bypassed the group she was going to be introduced to and found a door. He tried the knob and it was unlocked. The reception room was dark, no one was looking, and most of them were a little tipsy anyway. They slipped into a room, which was an unused coatroom. I pressed her against the wall and pressed myself against her as his hand went to my fly. "Wait, wait, wait," she said, "Just hold me for a second."

He wrapped his arms around her and she put both of her arms around my neck. She was grinding against my thigh with her pussy. I could feel the pearl strand against my thigh. Her face was wedged between my shoulder and neck as she started to cum. She could smell her cum on his cheeks from earlier in the evening. I turned to her and kissed her to swallow her orgasm and muffle some of the sound. I continued to kiss her until I felt her body relax. When I did, he stepped back and undid his fly, pulling out my cock. She pulled up the skirt of her dress. "Are you going to take off the thong?" I asked.

"Hell no!" she giggled, taking my cock in her hand and slipping it in her pussy. I raised her thigh and she wrapped her leg behind my back. I pinned her firmly to the wall, buried myself inside of her, and started to pump into her. With each stroke, I could feel the pearls rub against his cock and I understood on a small level what she must have been experiencing. I took out my cock and spun her around, both of us taking a step back from the wall so she could bend over, arch her back, and present her swollen pussy for me to enter. I slipped my hands under her dress, pulling it up around her waist, and drove my cock back into her where it belonged. Her hair was up so I couldn't grab it and pull her head back. Smacking her ass would be too loud, so I just held her hips and pulled her on and off my cock. She pushed against the wall and teetered on her stiletto heels. She turned around to look at me and said, "Hurry, we can't get caught."

I nodded, so close to cumming. When I was ready, I pulled out and she knew exactly what to do. In a moment she was on her knees in front of me, my cock down her throat, my balls pressed against her chin. A second later, I exploded down her throat, remaining silent as I listened to her slurp down every last drop.

I zipped up and she stood up. "I'll leave first," I offered.

"Okay, but tell anyone who asks that I have a headache. I'll expect you hard, ready, and in my room in half an hour. And stay away from that slut in the red dress Katherine. I know she wants to fuck you, but you're going to have your hands full tonight."