 Please note, this is a re-post of a previous story with the same title. I pulled it to edit and polish it up for a free read submission to excessica. There is a mild girl-on-girl scene in this story, so if that's not your cup of tea, you might want to skip over it. Thanks for reading me! Don't forget to vote!

* * * *

Ashley and Paula were roommates in college. Once they graduated, they got an apartment together and began living in the real world. Both in their late twenties, Ashley found a job as a medical assistant and Paula, was hired as a computer systems analyst.

As best of friends, they'd been often mistaken as sisters with their tall, dark haired beauty, aside from Ashley having blue eyes and Paula having hazel. It was no big surprise when they started dating brothers. Mark and Eric were both devastatingly handsome with their tall muscled bodies and when paired with their girlfriends they often turned heads.

When Eric had mentioned moving in with Paula, Ashley had half expected Mark bring up the subject also. While their relationship was rocky, she assumed it was stress from his job as an intern in the next town over. Even though Mark tried, it seemed as though his heart just wasn't in it. When he wasn't working, he often sat around his parent's home watching sports or playing video games, without Ashley to harp on him about it. Which is the one reason he still refused to move out.

Although Paula and Eric are engaged to be married, Ashley doesn't feel like an outsider. She honestly likes him. Eric, who just turned thirty-three, is a doctor with his own practice, and is also her boss. She was the one who'd introduced him to Paula.

Both women have tried to convince Mark to move in or find an apartment together with Ashley so Paula can live with Eric. So far Mark has flat refused, but when he'd visit, he'd always leave a huge mess and an upset Ashley in his wake.

* * * *

Ashley came in the door to see Mark putting his coat on and a greasy pizza box laying on her coffee-table, along with various debris of a half eaten meal. When he headed for the door without picking it up, her temper flared.

"I don't care how you are at home, Mark. When you come here, you have to clean up after yourself. You're a grown adult!" 

"Well, honey, you ain't my momma, and even she don't tell me what to do," he replied. "I will call you later." He kissed her cheek and raced out the door.

"Why don't you just cut him loose, Ash?" Paula asked, entering the room after Mark had left.

"I can't, Paula. I love him."

"You've been dating two years now and he refuses to take your relationship to the next level. He's dead weight, Ash. It's time to move on."

"I think he's just unsure of himself," Ashley responded. 

"Unsure of himself? Eric has told me Mark went through women like they were nothing more than playthings before he met you. The one girl he did get serious with ended up cheating on him."

"That would explain why he's afraid of commitment, Paula." Ashley shrugged while she cleaned up after Mark, again.

"How are things in the bedroom with the two of you?" Paula asked.

"Okay, I guess." Ashley blushed at the question.

"Just okay? Have you ever had an orgasm with him?"

"I've never had an orgasm," Ashley confessed and looked away from her friend, her face hot with embarrassment.

"Never? Not even with Steve or Andy?" 

"No. Let's just drop it, I don't want to argue."

"We're not arguing, Ash. It's just—"

"Drop it please!" Ashley begged.

"Okay, but I still think you could do so much better."

"It's Friday. What do you wanna do tonight?"

"I invited a few friends over to watch movies."

"Cool. I gotta go or I'm gonna be late. I'll see you tonight, Paula."

"See ya, Ash." Paula watched her roommate race out the door. "Mark is history!" she said aloud then turned and walked into the kitchen to fix herself breakfast. 

* * * *

"Ashley doesn't know the real reason I invited everyone over tonight, Eric, so just play it cool," Paula said as she sat down at the small table in the kitchen.

"She's not gonna be happy when she realizes what we're doing, Paula." Eric raked his hands through his collar length hair while leaning back in his chair. He let out a heavy sigh.

"I know, but she'll thank us later. Besides, I think she and Jack would make a great couple."

"Your brother is a good guy, but I just don't think Ashley is interested in him that way."

"Yeah, well he's been in love with her for as long as I can remember. Eventually she'll realize how good he'd be for her." Paula took a sip of her soda. "Everyone else should be here in a few minutes. Ashley called and said she was gonna be late, she had to stop by your parents' to talk with Mark for a few minutes."

"Does Ashley know Mark's not coming tonight?"

"No, but I'm sure she'll find out. Your dad has some big shindig going on and he wants Mark there—networking or some such nonsense. That's why I planned this intervention for this particular night, I knew Mark wouldn't be here."

"It's best that he isn't here. I'd never hear the end of it from him or my parents if they knew what was going on tonight. I mean, don't get me wrong, I love my brother, but he's gotta realize sooner or later he can't treat women the way he does," Eric said, taking their plates to the sink.

* * * *

"So, what movies did you decide on?" Their friend Sarah took a seat on the couch.

"Appropriate ones for the theme of the evening," Paula answered.

"Which would be?" 

"I chose The Break-up and War of the Roses." She made no attempt to hide the sly grin on her face.

"Ooh! Good choices!" 

There was a knock at the door and Paula excused herself to answer it. Tim and Julie stood there smiling, Tim holding a bottle of wine. "Come on in. "What's the wine for?"

"You know we can never come here empty handed, Paula. We figured you already had popcorn." Tim grinned as he crossed the living room and into the kitchen.

"Yeah, we may need the wine later anyway with what you plan on doing," Julie chimed in.

"What does she plan on doing?" Ashley asked as she came out of her room, freshly showered and wearing a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.

Everyone clammed up when Ashley entered the room. She greeted Tim, Julie and Sarah, then took a seat beside Sarah on the couch. "So, everyone got quiet suddenly. What's going on Paula?" Ashley eyed her roommate curiously.

"What makes you think something's going on?"

"Everyone stopped talking when I came into the room." She took a handful of chips from the table in front of her. "Just seems kinda odd."

"Where's Mark?" Sarah asked, directing Ashley's attention away from Paula.

"Oh his dad had some party going on tonight. He said something about finding a new job," Ashley replied. "I don't know what's wrong with the job he has now."

"So he's not coming?"

"Nope. I'm flyin' solo tonight."

"Me too. Adam had to work and couldn't get the night off. He said he'd try to stop by later if he wasn't too tired, but I suspect we won't see him," Sarah replied settling back on the couch.

"Speaking of which—where's Eric?" Ashley directed her question toward Paula.

"He ran to Blockbuster to get the movies, he should be back in a few minutes," Paula placed another bowl of chips on the table in front of Sarah and Ashley.

Ashley turned to Sarah. "Did I tell you Mark's looking into buying a condo?"

"No, you didn't. You mean he's finally gonna get out of his parents' house?"

"Yeah. He wants to look out of state, though. He was talking about moving out west." There was a slight sadness in her tone of voice.

"Where out west?" Sarah asked.

"He mentioned Oregon or Nevada. Honestly, I think he wants to live in Vegas," Ashley replied.

"When did this come about?" Paula asked.

"Last week. Didn't I tell you?" Ashley looked up at Paula and saw a look of uncertainty on her face.

"No, you neglected to mention that."

"Why are you angry? This will give you the opportunity to have your own place with Eric."

"So if Mark gets a condo out west, you're moving with him?"

"That was the plan, yeah." Ashley sensed Paula's anger but continued, "Is there a problem with me moving?"

"You can't seriously be thinking of—" Paula started, she stopped abruptly, turned and walked back to the kitchen. 

Ashley was about to reply to her roommate but was interrupted by a knock on the door. "I'll get it." Glancing over her shoulder one last time, she let out a heavy sigh. "What the hell is her problem?" she said under her breath as she opened the door.

"What's who's problem?" Eric asked.

"Your fiancée, Eric. I mentioned your brother is thinking about buying a condo out west and he asked me to move with him and she's freaking out."

"Eric scanned the room and smiled at their friends. Turning his attention back to Ashley, he said, "well, she does think you'd be better off—" Eric cut himself off when he saw Paula glare at him "Oops! I think I said something I shouldn't have." He placed the movies on the table in front of Sarah and Ashley and made his way into the kitchen.

"Something is going on here!" Ashley snapped. "You're all here to convince me to break up with Mark, aren't you?" She glanced around the room at the people she considered friends. None of them would look her in the eye. "Well, your silence speaks volumes." She stormed off into her room.

"Big mouth!" Paula glared at Eric. "Couldn't you have just kept it quiet for a few more minutes?"

"I didn't know you hadn't already started the 'intervention'." Eric raised his hands and made quote marks in the air when he said the word intervention.

"What's done is done. Let her stew for a bit. I'll talk to her later."

"Who wants popcorn?" Tim asked, trying to break the tension in the air. 

* * * *

"Look everyone, I'm sorry. It was just a bit of a surprise when I realized you were all here to convince me to break up with Mark," Ashley said, standing in the doorway of the living room half an hour later.

"It's okay Ash, we shouldn't have gone about it like this," Paula replied. "We haven't gotten very far into the movie, you want us to start it over?"

"No, I think I'll sit this one out." Ashley turned and made her way to the kitchen to fix herself a snack. 

"Jack's coming by later," Paula called from the living room 

"Really?" Ashley's voice perked up at the mention of Jack's name She stopped and stood in the archway separating the kitchen from the living room. "When?"

"He said around nine after he gets out of work." Paula noticed the change in Ashley's tone of voice when she mentioned her brother's name and smiled softly.

"What's he been up to lately?"

"Just working mostly. He broke up with Tanya last week and he's—sad—another relationship has ended. I invited him over so we could try to cheer him up."

"Oh—well—um—let me know when he gets here, I'll come out and say hi." Ashley turned back to the kitchen.

"What are you up to now?" Sarah whispered.

"Oh nothing," Paula replied, a devilish grin across her face. "Nothing at all."

"Don't go playing matchmaker, Paula. You know it always ends in disaster when you do."

"I don't think I'll have to do much of anything, Eric. Ash can't deny her attraction to my brother forever. Besides, it'll do her some good to have someone besides Mark interested in her, maybe it'll make it easier for her to cut the bastard loose."

"Hey! I may have agreed to be part of this, but Mark is still my brother, Paula. Just watch what you say about him." Eric tried to look offended, but he knew what a jackass his brother could be.

* * * *

Ashley stood in the kitchen, peeking around the corner as Jack greeted everyone in the other room. She saw him looking around and figured he was looking for her. She turned and took a few steps to the counter where the toaster was and leaned over to look at her reflection.

"God, I look hideous!" she said, running her fingers through her hair and straightening her clothing.

"No, you look beautiful as always, Ash," a male voice from behind her replied.

His voice startled her and she jumped when she heard it. "Jack! You scared the shit out of me!"

"Sorry." He flashed a wickedly sexy grin at her and leaned against the door frame separating the kitchen and the living room, one foot crossed over the other and his arms folded in front of him.

Jack was two years older than Paula. He stood about six foot with collar length brown hair and violet eyes. She often wondered where he'd gotten his incredibly sexy eyes from because no one in his family had eyes like his. He wasn't overly muscular, but he was in good shape. He had a broad chest, slim waist and hips leading down into long muscular legs. His jeans weren't skin tight, but they were tight enough to have women thinking all sorts of sinful thoughts about him, especially Ashley.

Ashley felt as if he were looking into her soul whenever she saw him. His presence was always unsettling to her and she found herself fumbling with her words as well as her actions. This time was no different.

She fumbled with the dishes in the sink, dropping one to the floor when she turned to face him. She mumbled incoherently and refused to make eye contact with him. As she gathered up the pieces of the broken dish, she heard Paula's voice call out from the other room.

"Are you all right?" 

"Yeah, I'm fine," Ashley replied to Paula. "Just clumsy," she added quietly to herself.

"Do you want some help?" 

"No, thanks. I'll be fine. I'll be out in a minute."

"I can wait, I want to talk with you."

"I—I have to finish the dishes, Jack." Ashley righted herself after she cleaned up the last of the broken dish. "It may be a bit before I'm done."

"Like I said, I can wait." He took a few steps toward her and stopped when he saw her body tense and she took a step back.

"I—you—can you wait in the living room?" she stammered, still refusing to look at him.

"What's wrong, Ashley? Do I make you nervous?"

"Yes—no—just go wait in the living room please, Jack?"

Jack ignored her request and approached her again. He stood directly behind her at the sink and ran his hands down the length of her bare arms, feeling her tremble under his touch. 

"You can't deny the attraction between us forever, Ash." 

The longing in his voice surprised her and she couldn't help herself when he stepped closer. Her voice caught in her throat and she found she couldn't answer him. Instead she melted against him, feeling his arms wrap around her waist and pull her closer. She laid her head back on his shoulder and closed her eyes, breathing in his wonderful scent. His favorite cologne was Preferred Stock. Ashley always loved the smell of it despite Mark hating it. It always smelled especially good on Jack.

"Wha—what are you doing?" she asked breathlessly.

"Something I should have done a very long time ago." He turned her in his arms.

Jack cradled her face in his hands and tilted Ashley's head up to face him. She still wouldn't make eye contact with him. He bowed his head and captured her lips with his own. He kept the kiss light, but allowed her to feel the desire he felt for her. She ran her hands up his chest to his shoulders then tangled her fingers in his hair, pulling him in for a deeper kiss.

He ran one hand up her side, causing her to shiver again. That same hand found her breast and cupped it gently while his thumb played lightly across the hard nipple through the material of her t-shirt and bra. She arched her back into his hand and heard him let out a soft moan.

He tore his lips from hers and left a trail of fiery kisses down her neck to her collarbone. His other hand cupped her firm ass and pulled her even closer against him, causing his rapidly growing erection to press intimately into her belly.

"Ahem!" a voice from the doorway said.

Jack and Ashley pulled away from each other as if they were both too hot to touch. "Paula! I—we—nothing happened!" Ashley choked out.

"Sure, whatever you say," she snickered. "I was just wondering when the two of you were going to join us."

"I—I need to finish up here." Ashley turned back to the sink ignoring the fact she'd just been busted by her roommate, making out in the kitchen. Her body was on fire from Jack's kisses and his touch and she could feel her heart beating rapidly in her chest. A blush suffused her cheeks as she glanced back at Paula who was grinning broadly at her.

Jack stared at Ashley in disbelief then glanced at his sister who was looking at him sympathetically. He ran his fingers through his hair then pushed his way past Paula and into the living room. He pulled his shirt down to hide the bulge in his jeans and took a few deep breaths to calm his racing heartbeat.

* * * *

"I'm glad you decided not to stay in your room all night, Ash," Paula said while the two women carried empty popcorn bowls into the kitchen.

"I didn't want to spoil everyone's fun, Paula. Besides, I know you all meant well. I'm sorry I got angry."

"So what's going on with you and my brother?" Paula blurted out. "Things looked pretty heated between the two of you earlier."

Ashley blushed from her toes to her hairline. "Okay, something did happen, as if you didn't know. But it was a mistake. I asked him to wait in the living room and next thing I know he's kissing me."

"Yeah, well you didn't look like you were putting up much of a fight from what I saw."

"There's nothing going on between me and Jack. I love Mark. I'm going to move with him when he gets his condo." Ashley knew full well she was lying to herself and to Paula about how she felt about Jack.

"You know Jack has had a crush on you since we were in college, don't you?"

"Yeah, I know. You've told me more than once. I seem to recall you even tried to set us up a few times when Mark and I were having problems."

"I just think you and Jack would—" 

"Look, Paula," Ashley interrupted, "I like Jack, but just as a friend. There'll never be anything more between us. I just wish you'd drop the idea of us being together."

"But—"

"No! I said drop it, Paula. You tried and failed to break up Mark and I. Now, I don't want to hear another word about it." 

"Fine, but when he breaks your heart, don't come cryin' to me." Paula stormed out of the kitchen, heading for her bedroom.

"Jesus," Ashley muttered. "What the hell's gotten into her?"

* * * *

Ashley finished cleaning up the dishes then stood at the sink staring blankly at the wall. She knew what Paula said was right, she didn't fight Jack when he kissed her. Her thoughts drifted to Mark. She loved him and was willing to move with him, but she knew it would also mean rarely getting to see Jack or any of her other friends again. Could she deal with that?

"Shit." She slowly headed to Paula's room and knocked quietly on the door. "Paula? Are you still awake?"

"Yeah," came Paula's reply from behind the door.

"Can I come in for a minute?"

"Sure."

Ashley opened the door slowly and stepped into Paula's room. She saw Paula sitting on her bed, her feet stretched out, leaning against the headboard, reading a book.

"Look Paula, I'm really confused right now. The kiss between Jack and me ignited things I never knew existed. But at the same time, I love Mark and it'd break my heart if I let him leave and move across the country."

"It's okay, Ash. I know you're confused."

"Jack's a really great guy and he deserves someone better than me."

"Tell him that." Paula saw the look of hurt in Ashley's eyes and immediately regretted her words. "I'm sorry," she said as she watched Ashley turn and walk out of her room.

"Please don't make this any more difficult than it already is." She stopped and turned to face Paula again. "I'm not angry with you. Just confused." She paused for a moment before she turned and walked toward the door again. "I'm gonna head to bed, Paula. Good night." She pulled Paula's door closed and headed to her own room.
