 ***Many thanks to NickJBella for editing this story for me!***

And many thanks to those of you who rate, comment, and leave me private feedback. All of these help me determine what direction I should take with future stories.

--------------------------

No sooner than I had gotten my suitcase unpacked, there was a light rap at my hotel room door. My heart skips a beat every single time I go through this scenario but, this time, I was a little more nervous than usual. I opened the door and exchanged an eager, inviting smile with my visitor. I could tell that he had just gotten off from work; he was still wearing his button-down shirt, dress pants and tie. He must have been anxious to see me since he hadn't made his way home to change first.

Without saying a word, I grabbed him by the tie and quickly pulled him into my room. I greeted him with a hot, wet, lust-filled kiss. I haven't been able to see him in over a month.

When I finally let him up for air, he took my face in his hands and studied me. "Baby, I have missed you so much."

"I've missed you, too," I said as his kisses made their way across my cheek and onto my neck. "Can you stay long tonight?"

"I can only stay for a little while. I didn't exactly have much notice to come up with an excuse as to why I wouldn't be home right after work."

Ah, yes. I failed to mention that my lover is not only slightly unavailable, he is a married man. One would think this little tidbit should deter me from being with him. But, he and I have known from the beginning that a serious relationship between us is something that could never happen. It's just ferocious sex without the commitment. Hence, he went ahead and married the woman he had begun dating shortly after we met because it's what she wanted. I never believed his heart was 100% on board with the idea but he thought it was the only way to prove to her that he loved her and only her to keep her happy. More like an obligation than anything else.

"Ok. I'm sorry for not letting you know sooner that I was planning a trip to see you," I said with a little sadness in my voice as I looked at the floor. "It was a spur of the moment decision and I took the opportunity."

"No worries, babe," he said as he delicately lifted my chin with his finger. "I'll spend as much time as I can with you before you have to leave," he promised as my hands subconsciously pulled his tie loose from around his neck. I slipped it off and tossed it to the floor.

"Zealous much?" he jokingly asked as my fingers quickly made their way through the buttons on his shirt. "Not going to say, "Hi. How was your day, Hun?"

"If I were truly anxious, I wouldn't have been bothered with trying to undo the buttons. I would have just ripped it off from you," I said with a smirk. "But, I wouldn't want your wife to ask you what happened. I'm not sure how you could explain that one away."

"No, that wouldn't be good. She'd probably stop putting out if she ever found out about you. I can't have that! I need her as a release for when I start missing you."

I let out a slight gasp as I couldn't believe he had just said that. "Do you ever feel guilty about us?"

"I do, sort of. I mean, I think I love her and all but I don't think there's any emotional connection with her anymore. After we got married you know I tried to take a break from you but I just couldn't let you go. Something keeps drawing me back to you even though we just can't find a way to be together. Why? Are you starting to feel guilty?"

"Not really. Whenever I think about it too much, I just hook up with *my* someone special and I feel a lot better afterward." There. I said it. He now knows he is no longer the one and only in my life.

He looked at me with his jaw slightly dropped. Noticing the surprised look on his face, I asked, "What? You thought you were always going to be the only one for me?"

Following a moment of stutters, "I'd like to think that I'm more than just a fuck buddy to you."

"You are. You're the reason that I can't find true happiness with anyone else. Do I sense a little anger?"

"A little... I...do you...gah; I don't even know what to say!"

"You're the married one yet you're the one who's jealous?! You're the one questioning my feelings for others?"

After taking a moment to calm down, he asked, "how do you really feel about me?"

"I care about you. I think at one time I had fallen in love with you but I had to push those feelings to the side when I realized that there was never going to be anything more between us than what we have now. I do have strong feelings for you still."

"So, the other guy...?" as he rolls his eyes, "does he mean anything to you?"

"I really don't want to talk about this right now. I want to spend my time focusing on you," I said as I started to pull his undershirt out of his pants.

He broke his silence by saying, "I want to hear about how dirty of a girl you can be when you are away from me," with a sly look on his face.

I raised an eyebrow. Has his attitude about the whole situation changed? "You *really* want me to talk about fucking my girlfriend?"

His eyes widened and his lips silently mouthed the word, 'what??' "Hell, if I had known that, I'd have pestered you for a threesome."

"I don't share well that way and I already have to share you with your wife.

"Ouch. A simple no would have worked," he laughed as he started pulling my shirt up and over my head. "So? I don't hear you spilling any dirty details." He planted kisses on my neck and shoulder.

"Why are you so interested in that?"

"In some crazy way, it's turning me on. My cock is getting hard with anticipation," he said as he stepped forward and rubbed his rock-hard crotch against me. "Tell me about what you do with your girlfriend."

I reached down and unbuckled his belt. After unfastening his button and sliding his zipper down, I realized just how obvious his curiosity was affecting him. His pants slid down to the floor and, as soon as he kicked his shoes and pants off the rest of the way, I pushed him to walk backward toward the edge of the bed.

"Sit!" I said in a stern voice as I pushed my hands on his chest with enough force to make him fall backward onto the bed. "She kind of likes it when I'm the one in charge." I reached behind my back to unhook my bra. I let it slide down just enough to get a sneak peek of the top of my nipples. "Do you want me?"

"Oh, God. Yes!" He whispers.

"Tell me how much you want me."

"You're so fucking sexy. My dick can't get any harder," he begged. I dropped the bra and took my breasts into my hands. I lightly squeezed them and rolled my nipples between my fingers. I gasped as I gave them a firm pinch. I could hear him gasp as well.

"Take your underwear off. I want to see just how hard your cock really is." He promptly followed orders.

"Stroke it. I want to watch you," I instructed.

"But, I'm afraid I'll..."

"Do it!" I demanded. Once again, he did exactly as I told him. I watched his hand slowly, yet firmly, getting down to business. My sexual appetite was taking over and I could feel myself starting to drool from both sets of lips. I finally removed my pants and underwear and stood directly in front of him. I placed one foot on the bed next to him, giving him a front row seat to watch what I was going to do. I slowly trailed my finger between my breasts and over my stomach. I swiftly slid my finger inside and withdrew it slowly. I reached up for my lips as his eyes followed my every move. He watched as I sucked my sweetness from my finger. I could see the anticipation in his eyes. I reached down once again to collect more, but this time it was for him. I placed my finger near his mouth and slid it along his lips. I slipped it into his mouth and he let out a pleasurable grunt as he sucked on it.

"Lie down," I instructed in a whisper. He crawled backward up to the pillows and made himself comfortable. I crawled my way up to him; kissing his legs the entire way. When I reached his cock, I could see that the skin was extremely tight. The poor thing looked like it's going to split in half. I looked up at him and slightly stuck my tongue out.

"As much as I want it, I wouldn't do that if I were you," he blurted out.

Without answering, I made one long, stiff lick up the entire length. I could feel his body flexing as he focused on holding back.

"Tell me more about what you and your girlfriend do to each other," he asked with hopes of distracting me from the physical torture.

"What do you want to know?" I asked with the most sensual tone I could pull off. I continued to kiss my way up his stomach and chest while he rattled off a whole list of questions.

"Do you take turns with each other? Any toys involved? Does one of you play the "guy", so to speak?"

"There aren't any set roles, it's spontaneous" I spoke softly as I made my way to his face. I kissed him deeply before delving into what was probably going to be his biggest fantasy. "When we decide to role play, she is the one to lick and finger my pussy first until I cum hard." Kiss. "And while I'm slipping the strap-on onto myself, she lets me watch her play with her pussy." With another passionate kiss, I hear a sigh slip from within his lips.

"You wear the dick?? You have no idea how fucking horny this is making me! I think I'm going to blow my load before you even start with me."

"That's ok. I think I can get you revved up again without a problem," I said as I rubbed my hot, wet crotch against his. "After she gets nice and wet, I give it to her...hard. I ram her pussy with that huge cock that I love to wear."

"Fuck me, now!" he begged.

"You haven't even heard the best part," I said as I reached down and begun to stroke his throbbing member. "She and I have something very special in common." I placed my lips close to his ear and softly finished, "we both love being fucked in the ass."

And with that, I felt his body tense as he released himself all over my hand. His body was trembling; his breathing was hard. "Holy shit, I haven't had this happen since I was in college. Tell me what you want," he panted at me.

"I want you to devour my wetness." He quickly rolled us over and began to take out his frustration on me. His kisses and nibbles drove me wild. He was rough with anxiety and I liked it. I loved the feeling of his teeth against my skin and the firm squeezes his hands made. He placed his hot mouth on my breast and I was overtaken by pleasure and pain as he bit and sucked hard. I let out a delightful squeal and I could hear him growl. He lifted his face and admired the mark he had left.

"Marking your territory?" I asked with a smile.

"Sorry. I hope I didn't hurt you. I just have all these feelings coming out at once."

"You know I like it rough," I said with a smile and a wink. He returned my smile and continued on his way. He circled my belly button with his tongue before sliding it inside; the tickling did little to take my mind off from my throbbing bite mark. I touched it lightly with my fingers to feel the heat being given off. This turned me on even more.

I bent my knees and spread them wide to give him the best view of what I had to offer. He started with gentle kisses on the insides of my thighs. My lady bits were screaming for his tongue to work its magic. He teased me by giving my lips light flicks with his tongue and touching me with his finger but making sure not to slip inside. My breathing was heavy and my heart was racing. He finally made a cobra-like dart and hit my clit with a powerful, stiff lick. I let out a gasp and started to wiggle. His finger easily slid deep inside. And then another. He wiggled them around and thrust them deep and hard. It wasn't long before I began to reach my peak. My hands grasped for the sheets, I held my breath and my back arched. His thrusting fingers knew exactly how to make me squirt a little as I came. I'm far from squirting like a porn star but it's enough to drive him wild. My body quivered and I was covered in sweat.

He crawled his way up and reached over to the nightstand where I had laid the condoms out as I unpacked my suitcase. "Ma'am would you like the pleasure of putting this on me?" he asked.

"You know I do," as I rolled us over again. I grasped it between my fingers and straddled him. In all honesty, I'm not really sure why we use these. I truly think it's his way of hiding the evidence from his wife.

I tore the package open with my teeth and spit the wrapper onto the floor. I rolled it on him like a pro and I leaned down to kiss him. His hands wandered along my back and hips. I moved my hips just right and he slid in with ease. He's thick and long with very little room to spare. My toes curled as my breath quickened. I reached up and grabbed the headboard. My breasts were inches away from his gaze. He watched every bounce they made as I began to ride him. His nipping teeth caught a hold of them and it sent rushes through my whole body.

"I want you to cum again," he whispered as he started bucking along with me. My clit was still very sensitive from the first one and it didn't take long for me to get off again. Goosebumps and sweat instantly covered my body once again. My hair was wet around the edges of my face.

"That's my girl," he said with a smile as he rolled us over. He thrust in deep and hard and held himself there as he kissed me. I wrapped my legs around him and squeezed him tight. He began kissing his way down my neck and, being the tit guy that he is, stopped to focus on my breasts once again. He squeezed them, pinched them, and licked them. He tasted his way to my belly before climbing off me. He stood at the foot of the bed and stroked his cock for me to watch. I looked deep into his eyes and flirtatiously bit my lower lip.

"Fuck me hard!!" I begged. He grabbed my legs and pulled me down to him.

I propped myself up with my hands and, with one swift thrust, he invaded me again. He kissed me and squeezed my breasts hard. The erotic pain took over and I got excited as he pinched my nipples. With each thrust he made, I gasped with delight. He placed a hand behind my neck so he could push even deeper inside.

"You like that, you dirty girl? Does your girlfriend like it rough, too?" he asked with his face just inches from mine. His gaze had turned ravenous.

"I can't fuck her as hard as you fuck me. Your dick feels so good," I managed to say between gasps and the feeling of him pounding my pussy. "Why don't I bend over and show you what she likes? I want you to make me scream the way I make her scream."

He pulled away from me and examined the abuse he had done. The bite mark, my breasts were red from being pinched and squeezed, and my skin was bright pink between my legs from being banged hard. "Am I bigger than the strap-on that you play with?" he asked as he stroked himself with a smile.

I catered to his ego. "She can't handle a dick as big as yours. At least, not in her ass," I said as I rolled over. I got on all fours, crawled up towards the headboard, and looked back at him over my shoulder. He had crawled up behind me. I licked my finger and gently caressed the crevice of my ass, stopping to circle the place that was yearning him so badly. I could tell it wouldn't take much coaxing on his end to loosen me up. He placed his hands on me and spread my ass wide. The feeling of his tongue licking my asshole caused my toes to curl. I closed my eyes and took in every little detail of what he was doing to me. I reached over to the nightstand, grabbed the lube and tossed it down to him. I heard him open the tube and I mentally prepared myself. He slowly slid one finger in. I was so horny that there was very little resistance. I heard him moaning with pleasure as he inserted another finger. There was nothing more than a slight burning feeling before more pleasure took over. My breathing quickened again and I found that I was moving my hips along with his thrusting fingers.

"I can't take it anymore! I need you inside of me right now!" I begged. He slathered his hard shaft with lube and I felt him push himself against me. I slowly backed myself onto him to control every bit of his entrance. I pushed my way past the burning and tightness that I felt. As soon as he was completely inside of me, I held still for a moment for my body to fully accept him. I eventually moved to slide him in and out in short movements. I reached down and rubbed my clit as the movements become faster and harder.

"Your ass is so tight." As soon as he sensed that I was able to take it hard, he started pounding me like before.

"Smack my ass!" I instructed and I immediately felt a sting rush through me. Oh, my GOD, I was going to explode with ecstasy. I rubbed my clit faster and harder when I felt another swift smack on the opposite side. I clenched the sheets with my free hand as I let out a blood-curdling scream of pleasure. Anal orgasms are so much more intense for me. Suddenly, I felt him reach around and place his hand on my chest. He pulled me up so we are both up on our knees. He did this without missing a single thrust. I reached behind me and ran my fingers through his hair.

He put his mouth next to my ear and whispered, "You dirty bitch, I think I've punished you enough." With a few final thrusts and grunts, he came loud and hard. I could feel his cock's strong flexes as he released. His breath on my ear and neck sent shivers through me. He held me tight against him as we came down from our exotic high.

"That was amazing," he managed to speak.

"And this is why I keep coming back to you," I said as I nuzzled against his cheek.

"You're too good to me, sweetheart." He gave me a lingering kiss before loosening his loving embrace. He placed a feather light kiss on my shoulder as he slowly withdrew himself from me. We lay down and silently held each other. I know it's an absolute cliché, but it's moments like these that make me wonder how something so wrong can feel so right. In the back of my mind, I can't help but wonder if we really are right and everything else around us is wrong. We looked deep into each other's eyes as if we were searching for something we knew we'd never find. We caressed one another with intimate touches. I knew our time together was limited but I really didn't want to let him go.

He took a deep breath in and looked at his watch. "The time has come. Now I have to go home, try to act like a married man, and pretend that none of this happened and that you don't exist." The look in his eyes wanted to tell me so much more than his lips would allow.

I watched him as he got up and walked into the bathroom. What is going through his mind? What is he feeling? He's a very eloquent man when he wants to be but he has never truly expressed himself to me. He's quite mysterious. I lay down on the bed and wrapped myself up in the sheet. I closed my eyes and listened to him taking his shower. I wondered if his wife had ever suspected anything. Would I be willing to give him up completely if he decided to side with her or would I put up a fight to hold onto him for as long as I can? I don't really know the answer to that.

He returned to the bed looking exactly how he did when he arrived at the door. His hair was neat once again; his clothes looked like they had never been removed and thrown on the floor of my hotel room. I got off the bed with the sheet wrapped around me like a toga as he put his shoes on. I hesitantly walked him to the door. He took my face in his hands just like he did when he stepped into my room. His eyes were telling me that he loved me although he has never said the words. He smiled and kissed my forehead. He held his lips there and remained silent for a moment.

"I'll find a way to take you to dinner tomorrow night."

"Promise?" I asked.
