 Looking at the clock, Hannah slipped out of bed and into the shower. Hannah was tall about 5ft 8; she had a womanly figure it was well proportioned. Her looks were very dark, hair that came to the centre of her back in long dark coils of deepest brown. Her eyes as dark as her hair had stopped shining long ago, olive skin wrapped tight to her medium frame. A year had passed since that day had left Hannah’s soul broken. Over the last few months, her self-loathing was beginning to take its toll. Time just could not erase something’s. Inside her head, she was going insane. Her loneliness was slowly killing her. She had buried her soul deep with in her to protect it from further pain. She had decided to get her life back; the way she was living out of reach, she knew the only way she could do it was to lay ghosts to rest, and begin to bloom once again. Friday had finally come, the first day of her new life. It was the day she was leaving the office to start working from home, then off to the cemetery and that night there was going to be a bit of a gathering at her mums. She was dreading it she knew that it was time to relent, but relenting is not always as easy as it seems. This had to be the day to say goodbye and move on. 

Taking a deep breath, she began to walk through the office. Nearly everyone stopped her as she went to her desk. Her throat was getting tighter as she fought back the tears, but all she could think about was the beginning of her life. Working her way through the day Hannah began to clear out her desk, putting all the old stuff in the bin and the rest in a box. As she reached far into the draw, she grabbed a frame. Immediately she knew what it was, dreading the thought she removed it there in the frame was her best friend, her lover, the man she was to marry. Before she could dwell on it, Melanie called for her to come into her office. 

“Hannah, come in, come in and shut the door, do you want a coffee?” 

“No thanks Mel I really need to get off earlier than I expected. I need to do a few things before tonight, you are coming aren’t you everyone else in the office is.”

“Yes course I am coming I’m going to finish early tonight pick up Tony go home grab a quick shower then off to your mum’s”

“Thanks Mel for this I really appreciate it, I think working from home is a lot better”

“You know Hannah that as long as your work is done there is no problem with that. However I still think that you should start mingling, you know get your social life back together.”

“Mel last night I had exactly the same thought and yes I am doing something about it.”

“Good Han I’m pleased and when you are good and ready to come back to the office your desk will always be here for you.”

“Mel you really don’t understand how much this means to me.”

Melanie smiled at Hannah as she left the room calling behind her ‘I’ll see you tonight’

Hannah worked the day, finished clearing her desk then said goodbye to her colleagues, smiling receive flowers and such as, she left. 

From the office, she drove straight to the cemetery. Parking her car she removed the frame from the box, she walked over to a grave. The grave settled but still fresh. Hannah walked over. Crouching down a single tear slid down her face, and then followed several others, she cried softly into her chest. Passing her hand over the grave, she laid the frame onto it. Loosing her best friend, her lover, the man she was going to marry was devastating. Over the last year, she had taken herself deep within, not letting anyone in for fear of yet more pain. Her moods had been as dark as her looks. Looking at Stephen in the frame she finally laid him to rest, letting him go so that she could live. The thoughts of the past overwhelmed her, but she knew that they to must be laid to rest. Walking back to the car she let out a huge sigh, in the car she turned off the radio and headed for home.

Arriving home to a darkened flat, Hannah was not happy; this was the third time this week that there was no electric. Although she could not really complain, she did receive a letter to say that over the next few weeks there maybe short power cuts due to technical difficulties. Kicking off her shoes and laying down the box from the office, she slumped on the chair that faced a large window over looking the apartments across the way. Pulling her feet up and under her, she saw silhouettes from behind a curtain, looking harder she saw the form of a man and a woman. ‘Least some one has electric’ she thought to herself. Sitting down in the chair, she caught herself staring at the figures. Their movements were fiery back and forth but she could not quite make out what they were doing, even though in her mind she knew what they were doing. 

It was time to get ready to go to her mum’s for the gathering. If she could have got out of it she would have, but there was no way out. Hannah grabbed a few things, deciding to get ready at her mum’s house.

“Mum, mum where are you? It’s only me.” 

“Is your electric off again dumpling?” 

Her mother said to as she crossed the kitchen to welcome Hannah.

“Third day mum, it’s driving me nuts.”

“Oh I say Han that’s bad” 

“I’ve got to get ready mum is the bro in?”

“Yeah he’s upstairs in his room sweets.”

Running up the stairs Hannah threw her stuff on her mum’s bed then went in to see her brother. Tapping on the door, she heard a mumble and walked in.

“Hey you, my little flutter bee.”

Hannah loved Zach her older brother by 6 years he was her rock. A towering 6ft 3, dark brown hair, eyes, and a solid build. He was the one to lift her out of any black mood.

“Zach, hey not staying just popping in got to get ready for this bloody gathering.”

“Looking forward to it then bee?” He laughed at her knowing that curled up on her chair with a good book would be her preference.

Hannah moved off to her mum’s room after talking with Zach and started to get ready. Looking at herself, she looked great, dressed in a pair of plain black trousers and a smart but dressy top, her hair up loosely on her head. 

People began to arrive Hannah looked about the place, her dark eyes searching for somewhere to belong. Everywhere she looked, she saw mixtures of emotions. Walking from person to person, she felt that she just did not fit with anyone. Catching her brother’s eye from across the room he gestured to her to keep her chin up and smiled silently before yet another well-wisher began to talk. The night went on and all Hannah could think of doing was going home. Smiling pleasantly, the mind numbing conversations were beginning to become monotonous… Her mood was darkening she needed to get out. Walking to the kitchen she opened the back door, sat on the step and lit up a joint.

“Those things will kill you bee.” Zach said to her crouching down and caressing her softly.

Hannah turned half-smiling and shrugged.

“You know Zach if you had said that to me a while back I would have said yeah, is life really worth living.”

Frowning back at her he said nothing; the look upon his face was enough. Seeing his look, she carried on.

“Oh, come on Zach I lost everything, I lost my life, POOF just like that gone, but hey I’m starting a fresh.”

“Bee I never knew, I honestly never knew how you felt, how was I to know? You shut totally down. I thought we could talk about everything.”

“Yeah we can Zach, but sometimes things are best left unsaid.”

“You know I love you bee and there is nothing we can’t talk about.”

Standing up, she passed the joint to Zach, putting her arms round her brother. Feeling safe there she kissed him on the cheek pulling him closer she held him tight, whispering 

“Thanks bro, I know, but I need to do this myself.’ 

Their mother walking into the room shouting broke their hug 

“Hannah this is where you are! Come with me I have a surprise.”

Zach laughed, throwing the joint into the garden and followed as their mother dragged Hannah off to the other room. 

“Tadaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa” Her mother screamed

“Hmmm a box” She smiled. Hannah was renowned for her sarcastic wit.

“Han, open it up quick,” Melanie shouted across the room raising her glass.

Smiling Hannah went over to the box, there was something quite not right, it was if the box was making sounds? Opening the top of the box, she peered inside. Gasping and holding her hand to her mouth, she looked around the room smiling.

“Good God, is Hannah speechless?” Mike her colleague called.

Hannah reached inside the box pulling out the cutest fluffiest golden puppy anyone had ever seen. Kissing the puppy on the nose, she said 

“Awwwww thanks, you guys kill me you really do.” 

The room burst with chatter and well wishing as she stood holding the puppy.

“So Han what are you going to name him?” Called Lacy

“I think puppy for now Lace.” 

“Well puppy what am I going to do with you eh?” 

The night moved on people began to leave the house emptying. The last of the well-wishers departed and now it was her turn. Scooping up her puppy, she thanked her mother, brother, and left. 

The electric was back on when she arrived home, she showed the puppy round the apartment, telling him that this was for him and this was for her. Looking at the puppy, she began to laugh, a laugh that raising from her tummy, into her chest, a booming giggly laugh.

“Puppy what am I saying?” she said putting her hand on her chest as she giggled away at herself almost disbelieving that she was holding a conversation with a dog. 

Placing the puppy on the floor she walked towards her bedroom, the light across the way caught her eye. She stood close to the window to have a better look. As clear as if they were in the same room Hannah saw a tall man, his physique was strong and powerful. A woman who was almost as tall was pulling his dark hair. Together they looked beautiful, staring on she began to watch the couple. The woman leant forward resting her hands on a chest of drawers to sturdy herself. The man on one knee behind her licked her arse cheeks taking his tongue all over them driving her wild with passion as his tongue slid along her slit. His hands moving higher up her legs gently massaging them further apart. Hannah looked away, then back through the window. She watched as the man pushed the woman further forward. His hand ran along the woman’s pussy followed by his tongue. Inserting a finger deep into her pussy the man probed her arse with his tongue. The woman’s body began to rock back towards him as his pace picked up. The man stood up, turned the woman round, and on her knees, she started to suck his cock. Her tongue caressing his shaft, her mouth moved up and down, her hand on the base pulling towards her mouth. Hannah watched the man's body arch back; his hips began to move his cock in and out of her mouth. Without any warning, the woman stood up and the man sat on the bed. The woman straddled the man he back faced him as she lowered her pussy on to his cock. Supporting her weight, the woman began to move her pussy up and down his shaft, her lips engulfing his large cock. He began to play with her clit circling it. 

At this point Hannah moved herself away from the window, it was damn rude of her to stare, but she could not help herself she wanted to watch she enjoyed watching. Above all, she liked how she felt when she watched. Hannah walked to her bedroom; puppy followed climbing into bed she leant over picking up puppy eventually falling to sleep.

The next day Hannah decided to take puppy and get him all the puppy things he needed. She lived about 5-minutes from town so she decided to walk. Grabbing her bag and keys, she picked up puppy and set off. At the bottom of the apartment block, she saw the couple. Not knowing where to put her face she walked along faster, they seemed to be having a bit of a tiff, which was good for her as she could walk by un-noticed. This was not the case at all. 

“Reece look, what an adorable puppy.” The woman said as she walked towards Hannah and began to pet the puppy. 

Looking up at the woman who was about 6ft tall, Hannah smiled. The woman looks were exquisite. Her deep red hair was tussled around her very white skin.

“Thank you.” Hannah finally stuttered out. 

She could feel the heat rising off her face. Without any warning, the man was over her shoulder breathing down her neck looking at her puppy. He was tall. Standing about 6ft 4 Hannah could feel herself blushing as he stood over her. 

“Yes Shan he is a cute little thing just like his owner.” He laughed leaning closer to pet the dog. 

Hannah’s face burned as she shied away from the strangers. 

Laughing the woman said “Oh Reece, stop that you will embarrass the poor girl.” 

Turning back to Hannah the woman began talking again. 

“I don’t think we have met before, although I have often seen you getting into your car.” 

“Nope we haven’t met before, I’ve lived here about 2 years my name is Hannah Roding, pleased to meet you.” 

Hannah stretched out her hand for the woman to take.

“I’m pleased to meet you too Hannah, I’m Shannon Hershey and this is Reece Sammons.” Shannon replied shaking Hannah’s hand firmly. 

“Yes, Hannah, pleasure is mine too meet you.” 

Reece moved to in front of Hannah with an outstretched hand for her to take. Taking his hand, she realised how big he was, his hand encased hers, as she stared up she nearly drowned in the greenness of his dark lashed eyes. Smiling a big toothy grin, he pulled his hand away.

“We must meet for drinks.” Reece called as he walked to his car.

“Oh yeah, that’s a must.” Shannon said

Shannon reached into her bag and pulled a card out. 

“Here’s my contact details, it would be great to make new friends Hannah, we haven’t been in town all that long and most of our friends are back in Stanford, unfortunately now we must run, the work thing calls.” Sighing and raising her eyes to the sky Shannon waved as her and Reece went on their way.

It had been a bit fast Hannah liked to keep herself to herself and this was definitely not keeping herself to herself. Walking along she figured what the hell new life new friends too. Walking around town her mind kept drifting back to Reece, his looks the way he held himself and the way she knew he made love. 

A few weeks had passed and Hannah had not seen Reece or Shannon, mainly because she was working, walking puppy or grabbing a few things from the shop.

‘Hmmmm, maybe I should call them and see if they want to go out for a meal.’ She thought to herself. 

Her thought then stopped as she reminisced about Reece. Her mind kept wandering back to the night he made love to Shannon and she watched from afar. Thinking about the way his body moved with Shannon’s yes she liked that thought. Hannah made a decision to call them. Picking up the card from the pin board, she dialled the number. The phone seemed to ring for ages then a soft rugged voiced answered.

“Hello”

“Oh, hello it’s Hannah, Hannah Roding from across the way I met you downstairs, with erm…Shannon. Was wondering if you both would like to come along for drinks perhaps? Only of course if you are not to busy?”

“Hello, Hannah yes we would love to join you but.”

There it was the BUT Hannah’s face started to flush her heartbeat grew harder as she listened to what Reece was about to say.

“But Shannon is out of town Hannah and wont be back for a while, well like forever.” 

Hannah thought about it for a second before answering, 

“Ohhh, Ok Reece, I’m sorry to hear that, it’s an awful shame, well it was just a thought. Sorry to disturb you.”

As Hannah went to replace the receiver, she heard Reece calling

“Hey hang on a sec, wait don’t go”

Pulling the receiver back to her ear she listened.

“If the offer is there Hannah perhaps we could go for drinks?”

“Oh, err, aww, ummm… well I don’t know Reece.” She came back literally falling over her words.

“Hannah you want to go and I would still like to join you if you wish, there is no reason why not.”

“Ok Reece when ever you’re free.”

They arranged to meet downstairs the following day, and go on from there. Hannah could hardly believe herself; she had made a decision to go out with a man she hardly knew. Meeting up with Reece was the most gut wrenching feeling for Hannah. Her nerves were so on edge that everything was going wrong. She called up her mum and asked her to puppy sit so that she could spend the day worry free. Driving over to her mum’s Hannah’s mind was on overdrive. The questioning had come and was beginning to annoy her. Dropping puppy off she drove home to begin her task of getting ready. She wanted to be perfect for Reece. Asking herself was it because she wanted him to do the things to her that he had done to Shannon, or was she tired of feeling so numb that her desire to feel something was making her uneasy. Climbing out of the car, she looked up to Reece’s window. 

‘Not long now’ she thought to herself as she entered her apartment block. 

Walking in her apartment, she picked up the mail, grabbed a juice, and then walked to her bedroom. 

‘Ok here goes’. 

Opening her closet she reached in and grabbed a few items, she matched together smart, casual, trendy but nothing seemed right. 

‘Alright, let’s begin with underwear then’ she sighed as she walked to the drawers. 

There were black, white, lilac, lemon, pink thongs with matching bra. There was lacy, silky cotton. The decisions on what to wear were making her temper flare. Why could she not just put something on? Looking at the clock, she decided to clear her mind and went to the shower. Hannah lathered up the sponge with scent free soap and started to scrub. She scrubbed at her skin making it shine, checking her legs, armpits, and pussy for hair she rinsed off and went back to the bedroom. 

‘Right I’m going to be casual, but pretty’ 

From the closet, she pulled out a lilac skirt and the matching top. Time was ticking away; she began to prepare her body. She lined up her creams and deodorants so that her scent was all the same and began to apply. Finally, she dressed pulling on a pair of lacy lilac thongs and bra she slipped on the skirt and top. Looking at her hair, she gasped,

‘Oh God, oh God what am I going to do with this?’ 

Hannah’s hair was long and reached far down her back although many people did not realise this because for ease she always wore it tied. Looking back at the clock, she had half an hour until she met Reece and to do something with her locks would take her well over that. She decided to braid some of it and leave the rest to fall down her back. Checking her face, she applied a little make up and stood back. 

‘Well this is it’ 

She looked over her reflection, looking back at her a woman stood, her slim legs complimented by her skirt her waist brought in by the way her top sat on the skirt band. Her hair falling down her back softened her dark looks. Hannah was immaculate and was going to be late if she never got a move on. Slipping on a pair of mules and grabbing her bag, she left. 

Walking down to meet Reece, every hair on her body was upright, her tummy was tight with nerves, and she was sure that her trembling was noticeable. Her mouth became dry as she spotted Reece coming from his block. The way he walked with such grace made her even more nervous. 

“Hannah, WOW! You look great,” Reece said as he lightly brushed his hand on her arm and kissed her perfectly blushed cheek.

“Why thank you kind sir.” Hannah replied with a cheeky grin, even though inside she had fainted three or four times.

“So sweet lady, I’m new in town, I know of a few good places but really I want you to choose.”

“Well we could drive up to the coast, there is a lovely place there where we can grab a smashing lunch to either eat in, or they can wrap it up and take it to the beach? Or there is a great place in the country with a nice little canal running by food is good there too.”
