 My wife and I decided to start a family in September and moved forward with preparation, she stopped using birth control. We wanted conception to occur in the heat of passion and not methodical. 

One night in October my wife started getting frisky and horny. The date was October 10th, which is the anniversary of when we got engaged. We live in Wisconsin, where the weather in the first half of October is on average in the 60's and low 70's during the day and in the 50's and 60's at night. This night was a little warmer than usual so we had the windows in our beautiful 1890's duplex open and a cool breeze wafted in the windows occasionally ruffling the white gossamer curtains. My wife was working that day and I had the day off so I decided to go out and purchase candles, our favorite whine, a small present for my wife. 

After I finished shopping I came home and started setting up candles all over the duplex. Our duplex was recently renovated right before we moved in a year and a half ago. The duplex has restored hardwood floors that have a honey colored stain. This lighter color hardwood floor is beautiful in the sunlight, and even more beautiful in when only light by the soft light of candles. I put candles everywhere and made sure the apartment was clean. I made the bed with our soft white feather blanket and silk sheets. On the floor in our living room I laid down two shag blankets and placed small led candles bordering the blankets. The sun was setting and I had finished dressing up the duplex. I had about and hour to an hour and a half until my wife returned home.

Our apartments layout had a significant advantage where the bathroom is the first room you come upon after climbing the back stairs. A few months before this night, my wife stumbled upon a dress that looked amazing on her and made your jaw hit the floor. The only problem was that we couldn't afford it, or so she thought. Unknown to her I had been saving money in an account that she didn't know about that I used to purchase things to surprise her with. I funded this account with my photography and the residuals from my photography. A few days after she found the most amazing and beautiful dress that she thought she would never have I returned to the store and bought it. At the time I didn't know what occasion I would use to surprise her with it. The night of October 10th was the perfect occasion to do just that. 

I then placed a single red rose on every other step up the back staircase and on the other step I placed a single red tulip (her favorite flower). At the top of the staircase I made a trail that led into the bathroom where her dress was hanging on the back of the door. Right next to the dress was a scrolled note with a red ribbon taped to the door that had a love note and gave her instructions to dress up for a very special night. Meanwhile I had made reservations at a very nice french bistro that was a block a way from our apartment. When I made the reservations I explained it was a very special night and they reserved a small private table that was tucked in a small candlelit nook which was set aside for just such an occasion. When my wife arrived home I had already left the apartment and was at the wine bar at the French bistro enjoying a fantastic Chablis. 

My wife arrived to the restaurant 45 minutes later dressed to kill. She was wearing the beautiful backless red dress, white heels that she wore at our wedding and her black hair was in soft wavy curls. Most beautiful of all was the glowing smile on her face as she was radiant, joyful illumination made her even more than the day I married her. I got off the bar stool and walked toward her. I am 6'3 and when my wife is wearing heels she is only an inch shorter than me. I placed my hand gently on the back of her neck gently guiding her face towards mine. She then placed her arms on either side of my neck and I gave her a passionate kiss that made her quiver. 

I then signaled to the waiter and he led us back to our romantic private table where a bottle of champagne was waiting for us. We had the most romantic dinner we had ever had. I could tell that she was about to pop and she was starting to get frisky by stroking my leg from underneath the table and lightly touching my crotch, she is very good at making me hard quickly. She then took my hand underneath the table and guided it up her smooth silky leg and stopped it just short of her slit in which she was wearing a soft lacy piece of lingerie in which the only piece of lace covering her warm slit was a small triangle of lace.. She then guided one of my fingers and brushed it gently on the small triangle which was already very damp. She then let go of my hand and I drew my hand back all the while gently brushing her silky leg as I exited from underneath her dress. As I was gently brushing her leg her eyes closed and her head tilted back slightly and she let out a small passionate gasp which meant it was time to leave. I then payed the check and we walked back to our apartment. The sky was clear and the moon was full and illuminating the cool autumn night. 

When we got back to our place we walked up the back staircase. At the top of the staircase I presented her with a necklace that has a small diamond pendant on it.. Then I gave her a silk blindfold and covered her eyes. After covering here eyes I light the candles all over the apartment, and I illuminated my light infused glass art as well. I the poured us two glasses of wine. I then took her hand and guided her to the threshold of our living and dining room and then I removed her blindfold. She then let out a gasp and she was speechless as a small tear rolled down her cheek. She then took off her heels and threw her arms up on my shoulders and kissed me with such passion I don't even remember how long it lasted. It was as if time stopped and pleasure took its place for the rest of the evening. She then removed my suit jacket and took off my tie. She then took control for a bit and pushed my passionately on our recliner and started unbuttoning my shirt exposing my chest. She then proceeded to kiss, nibble and lick my chest. And abs. 

I then placed my hand gently underneath her chin and guided her to mine and hissed her. While on the chair I pushed back a bit and then I stood up and kissed her again. She then took off her panties from underneath her dress and tossed them aside. I then started kissing her neck working my way down to her shoulders and the removed one of the shoulder straps on her dress all the while working my way down her shoulder and then I worked my way inwards toward supple breast. I then pulled down the strap even farther just enough to remove her beautiful breast and started kissing, licking, and sucking her breast. She then lifted my head up towards hers and kissed me and then she put my back to the wall and worked her way down my chest my abs and then took off my belt and unbuttoned my pants and unzipped my fly and pulled my pulsating and hard cock out from underneath my underwear and started sucking it softly and teasing it. She started sucking and licking my cock, my cock was incredibly wet and slippery as she made me moan with pleasure. She then placed her hands on my waist and pulled both my pants and underwear off. 

With my pants on the floor she then started licking and sucking on my balls. I then guided her head up towards mine as I stepped out of my pants on the floor. I then guided her into the living room and then slowly removed her dress which then dropped to the floor. I then grabbed her in my arms and carried her over to the shag blankets on the living room floor. With her still in my arms I kneel-ed down and laid her gently on the blankets. I placed a pillow under her head and started kissing and licking her while working my way down. I then spread her legs open and started fingering her incredibly wet slit. I then started pleasuring her vagina with my fingers while kissing and sucking on her breasts as she moaned and gasped with pleasure. I then pulled my fingers out of her soaked pussy. I then started licking her slit gently while fingering her at the same time. After a few minutes she let out a very load moan and gasped heavily and started to cum and pulsate. She was now wetter than ever after the intense orgasm. 

I then grabbed her and carried her in my arms into our bedroom and laid her gently down on our bed to make love.

She then said, "I want you inside me and I want you to squirt your warm and thick cum inside my vulnerable pussy."

I then said, "Are you sure?" she nodded and grabbed the back of my head pulled my head on her shoulder

The head of my throbbing cock slipped pass her wet pussy lips and as the shaft entered she winced with pain which happens when we have sensational and passionate sex. Her pussy was very tight now and my cock stretched her pussy as it entered and she dug her fingers into my back with a lot of force as she winced with pain and my hard cock disappeared inside her warm and slippery slit she then let out a large gasp of pleasure with a loud moan. I then slowly as if it was our first time moved my cock in and out of her warm, wet, and pleasurable pussy. Each time my cock went back in she winced a little until her vulnerable vagina could accommodate my my large hard cock. I then picked up the pace a little, I am still going slow and gentle which gives her immense pleasure. My wife then guides my cock out of her vagina and starts sucking on it as I finger her at the same time. We then position ourselves in a 69 position and pleasure each other for a good 20 minutes. My balls now had now become flush with the shaft of my cock. 

I laid my wife down on the bed again on her back and then entered her vulnerable and fertile vagina, she winced a little and then started to gasp. We then had slow, gentle, and passionate sex. Her pussy then started to tighten and grab on to my cock and she let out a huge gasp and moaned, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming."

Her orgasm was so intense that it was too much for me and I started to go. My warm hot cum started squirting into her unprotected and fertile pussy. Each squirt of my cum was large, and my wife said, 

"You're dumping a large load into me." She then told me she could feel my fertile semen fill her up with such passion and warmth that it was an incredibly intense feeling. My cock slippery and covered in my wife's juices and a little bit of my cum then slipped out of her now full pussy. As it fell out her inseminated pussy, some of my cum flowed out as well and my wife said, "I want every drop of your precious cum inside of me."

She then used two of her fingers and caught most of the small amount of cum that had flowed out and put it back in her vagina." 

As we fell asleep my sperm were swimming their way to her fertile egg. We created a new life that night in the throws of passion and love. New life should be created by two people that are so in love with each other that, that love is expressed in a truly miraculous expression of their love. 

Three days later she had a little bit of spotting. A few weeks later she said those three words I was happy to hear, "I am late." She then took a pregnancy test and it was positive.