 Smiling as he stepped out of the lift, John walked briskly through the hotel's front lobby and made his way to the bar. As he stepped through the doorway into the bar he spotted her, sitting at a table in the corner. As John walked towards her table she spotted him and raised her hand as he noticed a flash of recognition cross her face. As he bridged the distance between them, she gave him a slightly nervous smile.

As she'd sat in the bar waiting for John, Emma had found it hard to believe that she was actually doing this. She'd hesitated about coming here for almost a month, changing her mind several times every day since she'd first agreed to this meeting. Even during the taxi journey from her place to the hotel where John was staying she had began composing a last minute text apologising that she wasn't going to be able to make it. The taxi had pulled into the hotel car park before Emma had had time to finish and send her message and she had found herself sitting anxiously in the bar waiting for John to arrive.

When she'd spotted him walking through the door, Emma's heart had missed a beat. At least the photographs he had sent her had been accurate, she thought to herself. He was taller than she'd expected although he had told her that he was 5'10". He was well dressed, but she'd expected that, quite strongly built and, most importantly of all, quite good looking. She wouldn't have agreed to this meeting in the first place if he hadn't been Emma reflected to herself as she stood to greet him, wondering if his first impressions of her were as favourable as hers were of him.

As Emma stood up, John's smile broadened. He found the nervous smile that she awarded him strangely endearing. She was exactly as she'd described herself, about 5'4" with medium length, dark brown hair hair that framed an attractive face to which a minimum of make-up had been applied. The long dress that she had chosen to wear, whilst neither particularly tight or overly revealing, suggested a figure that was toned and yet generously curved at the same time. His smile of greeting turned to one of appreciation as he neared her table.

Emma's heart pounded. As John closed the gap between them, she felt her nervousness abate and decided she was content to wait and see where this evening took her.

They had 'met' online in a chatroom and had quickly struck up a conversation that had been open, frank and ultimately intimate. As their 'relationship' had developed they had exchanged e-mail addresses, photographs and finally mobile phone numbers. Since they both had partners in the 'real' world, neither of them had expected anything serious to happen and both had been happy to enjoy pursuing what they called their electronic affair to the full. Content to flirt outrageously online and send each other messages, by text or e-mail, that were occasionally highly suggestive, neither of them had ever anticipated, living as they did at opposite ends of the country, that they would ever experience anything more than the harmless fun they enjoyed together.

It had been John who had suggested they should meet the next time he was in London. It had been asked jokingly more than with any serious intent. They both knew of the others' commitments and John had fully expected Emma's reply telling him that she'd 'have to think about it'. He had been pleasantly surprised when, a few days later, she had contacted him to tell him that she thought she might be able to make it. In the intervening weeks they had painstakingly made the arrangements that had led them both to be here at this time.

Even as the bent forward to greet each other with a kiss, neither had any idea what the others' intentions were. From the moment he had walked into the bar and had seen Emma sitting there waiting for him, John had decided that he would be happy to share whatever company Emma was willing to give and was content to wait and see where this evening took him.

As their lips met, Emma experienced a suddenly overwhelming sensation of desire that she had been totally unprepared for. An excited tingle ran up her spine. "Can I get you a drink?" John asked. Fighting down emotions that she felt she shouldn't be experiencing, Emma managed to find the words to ask for a dry white wine and soda. Overwhelmed by a sudden surge of conflicting emotions, Emma sat down and watched as John made his way to the bar.

"There you are," John said, depositing two glasses on the table and taking the seat next to Emma's. "You decided to come after all then, I see," he said.

Emma took a sip of her drink and nodded. "Y ... yes," she said, "but I'll be honest and admit that I nearly backed out at the last minute." She shrugged then added, "I'm still not sure what I'm doing here. I ... I can't quite believe I'm actually doing this."

John smiled. "I know what you mean," he said, "It's a little odd to say the least. Nervous?"

Emma nodded again. "A little, I guess," she said.

"Me too," John admitted. "You ever done this before?"

Emma gave her head a barely perceptible shake. "No," she said quietly, "have you?"

"Once," John admitted, "about a year ago. To be honest, it was a total disaster. I hope this time it's better in fact, it already is, I've already had more conversation with you than I did with her."

Emma found John's manner disarming and relaxed. She laughed. "It can't have been that bad, surely?" she asked.

John smiled again. "OK, I may be exaggerating," he admitted, "but not by much."

As their nervousness dissolved they chatted more and more easily. The was something in John's easy-doing manner that put Emma at ease. His soft spoken, Scottish accent suited him in a way that Emma couldn't fathom. It had been the sound of his voice when they'd talked on the phone more than the way he looked in the photos he'd sent her that had first attracted him to her. Despite a constant nagging feeling that she shouldn't be here, Emma began to feel a tingling rush of anticipation.

They finished their drinks and John returned to the bar to get them some more. As he sat down, his knee brushed against hers and Emma experienced a flashing stab of arousal in response to that fleeting contact.

Their conversation was relaxed yet, at the same time, slightly stilted. They were both aware of a certain expectation yet neither of them seemed willing to broach the subject. John was content to let Emma take the lead. He had decided early on that he liked her and that, as such, he didn't want to push her and risk damaging their growing friendship. Emma was awash with conflicting emotions. She was attracted to John but couldn't shake the feeling that she shouldn't be. She wanted him to bring up the subject that she knew was on both their minds but still didn't know how she'd respond if he did. Despite a growing sense of excitement that was slightly tinged with guilt, Emma knew she couldn't bring herself to raise the subject herself. She felt a vague sense of frustration, realising that the moment might be slipping away and didn't know whether she would feel disappointed or relieved if it did.

By the time she finished her second drink, Emma's senses were at fever pitch. She toyed nervously with her glass as she watched John finish his. He smiled as he set his empty glass down on the table. "Do you want another?" he asked, "Or would you rather do something else?"

Emma nearly jumped at his question. She realised that if anything was going to happen, now was the time to make her decision. Grasping her courage in both hands, she smiled with a confidence she didn't really feel and asked, "Would that something else involve us going to your room?" She blushed, unable to believe what she'd just said.

John gave her a speculative look then smiled. "It could, I suppose, if you'd like it to," he said.

"I ... well ...um ... oh sod it, yes," Emma managed to say "It's why we're here after all, isn't it?"

"I'd hoped that's why you were here," John admitted, "but I'd understand if you felt you couldn't. I'm not the pushy type and I don't want you to feel you have to do anything you're not comfortable with."

Emma got to her feet. The whole situation was unreal. Anticipation of what was about to happen battled with a feeling of guilt. She liked John and appreciated that he was giving her a chance to change her mind. She smiled. "No, it's OK," she said quietly, "I want to. Now let's get out of here before I change my mind."

"OK, if you're sure," John said, getting to his feet.

"I am," Emma said firmly and was faintly surprised to find that she meant it.

As they walked through the bar, Emma took John's hand. A similar rush of expectation to the one when his knee had touched hers surged through her. It was similar but stronger. Her excitement grew as they walked through the foyer. By the time they reached the lift, Emma was sure that John must be able to feel her trembling with nervous anticipation.

Inside the lift, John pressed the button four the fourth floor. He turned and suddenly Emma was in his arms. Their lips met and the kiss quickly became passionate. Emma could hardly breath as she felt John's firm body pressed against hers.

When the lift doors opened, Emma reluctantly broke the kiss and let John lead her along the corridor to his room. When they reached his door John paused briefly. "You do want to do this, don't you?" John asked.

"Yes!" Emma breathed expectantly, "Now open the door. Quickly!" she urged. John laughed and turned the key in the lock. He paused briefly to let Emma go ahead.

The door of John's room closed behind them. Without even the slightest hesitation, Emma moved into John's embrace again. A thrill ran trough her as their lips pressed together. As the passion of their kiss intensified their tongues explored each others' mouths. Their hands struggled with each others' clothes, pulling, tugging, shedding them carelessly on the floor. John was already hard. Emma felt his cock pressing against her and reached down to stroke it lightly as they kissed. Surprised by her sudden wantonness, Emma pushed John against the wall and dropped to her knees in front of him. 

As much as he'd imagined this possibility in the weeks since he first suggested meeting, John was unprepared by the suddenness with which Emma responded to their situation. He moaned as she ran her tongue up the length of his cock, stroking it with one hand whilst the other gently played with his balls. She kissed and licked her way up and down his shaft, covering it in a fine film of saliva. She looked up at him and he could see her hunger in her eyes. "Would you like me to suck it?" she asked, her voice a seductive purr.

"If you're sure you want to, yes," John replied. Emma smiled up at him "Of course I want to, silly," she said then flicked her tongue over the swollen head of his cock. John gasped as her tongue brushed over the slit. The gasp turned to a sigh as Emma parted her lips, wrapped them around the head of his cock and began to slide them down his shaft, slowly engulfing his hardness within the warm confines of her mouth. 

John began to murmur softly as Emma's lips began to glide up and down the length of his cock. She sucked him eagerly, changing her pace frequently between fast and slow, hard and gentle. As she sucked, Emma gently teased the area between his balls and his arse causing his hips to buck, forcing more of his cock into her mouth. 

John put his hands on Emma's head, twisting his fingers in her long brown hair, pushing her lightly on to his cock as his hips began to thrust. As his shaft slipped between her lips, Emma felt her desire deepen. She sucked harder, not quite able to believe that she was sucking the cock of a virtual stranger whom she'd met in the flesh for the first time less than an hour before. There was something surreal about the situation that Emma found deeply arousing.

Sliding him out of her mouth, Emma ran her tongue round the head of John's cock, round and round, swirling one way then the other, coating it in a warm, wet film of saliva. She smiled up at John, noting the expression of pleasure on his face then took him fully into her mouth again. 

As she feasted on his prick, Emma was vaguely aware of John saying things like, "Oh God. That feels so good." and "Go on, suck me harder!" As her lips worked their way relentlessly up and down his pole, John was losing himself to the sensations Emma was giving him, his enjoyment obvious in the way he moaned in response to her attentions. Despite a persistently nagging thought that she shouldn't be doing this, Emma was loving every minute of it. It had always turned her on enormously when men started talking dirty to her as she sucked them. She loved the feeling of power over them that it gave her.

As Emma sucked, she began to stroke John's prick, her fingers and lips meeting midway along the length of his cock. She could feel it begin to throb as her fingers slid along his shaft. She could taste the pre-cum dribbling from the end and knew that he was getting close Even as the realisation dawned on her, John's hips began to buck uncontrollably. "Oh Emma!" he cried, "I ... I can't take much more!" 

Emma let John's cock slip briefly from between her lips. "It's OK, you can cum in my mouth," she said, surprising herself with her brazenness. John nodded then groaned as Emma's lips wrapped around his prick once more. 

Sensing the urgency of John's need, Emma jerked her hand furiously up and down his shaft. As her hand stroked its length she slid her lips back until only the head of John's cock remained in her mouth. She could feel the tension mounting in his body, the strangled gasps of his breathing told her that he was desperately trying to hold back, prolonging his pleasure. Emma gave his balls a gentle squeeze with one hand as the fingers of the other tightened their grip around his rod. 

As John's legs trembled with the effort of supporting himself, Emma gave his cock one last, hard suck and then he exploded. His erupting cock fired a huge spurt of cum into her mouth. It was quickly followed by a second and then a third. Emma swallowed rapidly, eager not to let any spill. She had once told John in an e-mail that giving blow-jobs was a particular speciality of hers and she wanted to prove that it had been no idle boast.

As John's eruption subsided, the last of his strength drained from his legs. As he sagged to the floor, his cock slid from between Emma's lips and two more jets splashed across her face. Emma licked her lips as the final drops landed on her breasts. She sat back, smiling, as John sat slumped on the floor. As he watched, she wiped his cum from her face then rubbed it into the skin of her breasts. Finally, she licked her fingers clean then turned her attention to his semi-erect prick. Wrapping her lips around its tip once more and sucked the last drops of cum that oozed from it into her mouth before licking his shaft clean. 

"I take it that met with your approval?" Emma asked, smiling as she watched John struggle to recover.

"Oh God, yes," John replied, "that was amazing. There's no such thing as a bad blow-job but that was particularly good. You weren't lying when you described yourself as an expert."

"I like to think I have a certain skill," Emma said, coyly. "I hope you weren't lying when you said you were a quick recoverer. It's going to take more than just your tongue to repay me properly for that," she added with smile.

John laughed. "Oh, I don't think you'll be disappointed," he replied.

"Oh good!" Emma exclaimed as she stood up. She offered John her hand and helped him to his feet before leading him over to the bed. 

They lay down. Within seconds they were kissing passionately. Their hands caressing and exploring each others' bodies. Emma sighed as John kissed her lightly on the lips then began working his way down her neck and shoulders, slowly driving her wild. She moaned softly as he started to kiss and lick her breasts. 

With a circular motion, starting at the outside and working in to the nipple, John licked each in turn, making the skin slick with his saliva. Emma sighed as his hands slid over her wet skin. Her breasts were firm and very, very sensitive. Emma felt her desire deepen as John's hands and mouth toyed with their surface.

John pushed Emma's breasts together, teasing her nipples between his thumb and fingers. "Mmm, yessss" Emma purred, as he gently teased each nipple with his teeth. "Ooooh! Aahhhhh!" she gasped as he pushed her breasts together and rapidly licked from side to side. 

"Yesss! Ohhhh yessss! Play with my tits! Lick them all over! Suck them hard!" Emma cried as a warm, tingling feeling spread over her. She bit her lip to stop herself screaming as John took each breast in turn and sucked as much of it as he could into his mouth and flicked the nipple with his tongue. She found herself caught up in the ecstasy of having her breasts licked and squeezed, sucked and caressed. 

With a final kiss John left her breasts behind and began to move down. Reaching his goal, John parted Emma's legs, dropped his head to her neatly trimmed pussy and ran his tongue lightly along its length. "Oooooohhhh, mmmmmm!" Emma sighed, writhing on the bed as his tongue lapped at her swollen clit sending bolts of pleasure coursing through her body. She moaned again, arching her back slightly as John's tongue parted her moist lower lips and gently probed into her warm, wet hole. 

"Ohhhhh fuck, that's sooooo good!" Emma exclaimed as John's tongue lapped in and out, feeding the sensations in her pussy which grew stronger with every stroke of his tongue. She curled her legs over his shoulders and John reached up to play with her breasts as his tongue continued to explore her intimate flesh. 

"Oh fuck yes! Squeeze my tits!" Emma cried as the sensations produced by John's fingers and tongue intensified. John's hands teased Emma's nipples as his tongue concentrated on her clit. Reaching up, Emma pushed her breasts together, her fingers locked with his as he squeezed and caressed her large, firm globes. "Harder!" Emma moaned. "Squeeze my tits and lick me harder! Fuck me with your tongue. Go on fuck me!" she yelled, losing herself to her pleasure as the sensations began to take over. 

Emma's hips thrust uncontrollably as John, responding to her demands, frantically licked and sucked on her clit. She felt herself slipping over the edge. The skilful way with which John used his tongue was driving her wild. Emma couldn't tell if it was John's technique or the illicitness of the situation that was bringing her so quickly to a climax. The writhing of her body became wilder as her orgasm approached. Her breathing became more rapid. John felt Emma's nipples stiffen below his fingers, her clit throbbed against his tongue. "Oh yes ... oh yes ... mmmmmmm, YES!!" Emma cried as she came, clutching at John's hair, pushing his face harder against her throbbing pussy. 

As wave after wave of orgasmic bliss pulsed through Emma's body John's tongue continued to lick and probe her lower reaches. Her whole body was aflame as her orgasm continued to mount. Suddenly, she began to shake uncontrollably. "OOOOHHH YESSSS!!" she screamed as a second, stronger climax tore through her. 

Emma's climax crashed over her in waves. She cried out as it peaked, dipped then peaked again, over and over. "Don't stop!" she wailed, "It feels so, so good!" John nuzzled Emma's clit with his lips, flicking her swollen bud gently with the tip of his tongue. Each contact sent another spasm of pleasure through Emma's body. 

Any last remaining doubts Emma had about whether or not she should be doing this were washed away be her tumultuous climax. She felt herself adrift on a sea of raging desire. She moaned, knowing that she needed to feel John's cock inside her and struggled to find the words to express her deepest need. 
