 I can barely stand in the shower as my legs are still sore from your ravaging the previous evening. I am sad to be cleansing myself of your scent, of your sweat, of you. But I am more excited to regain in all again very soon. I lay down for a few minutes, to rest in anticipation of your arrival. After drifting off to sleep for a bit, I wake up to use the bathroom. As I am walking back to bed, I hear a key card in the door, you are here. I turn toward the door and there you stand, every glorious part of you in front of me. 

"Good morning," I say. My greeting is returned with a forceful kiss. You devour my mouth with yours, nearly swallowing me as I can't open my mouth quite as wide as yours. You push me towards and then down onto the bed. Lying on top of me, our greedy kiss continues for a few seconds, our tongues hungry and wild. You rise to your feet for a few seconds, beginning to lower your pants. I sit up, anticipating how perfectly your cock is going to fill my mouth. As you sit down on the couch behind you, I move toward you, lowering myself to my knees in front of you, willingly taking you deep into my mouth. I slide up and down your cock with ease, my spit coating you. I hear you moan quietly, as I slowly coax you in to relaxing in midst of oral pleasure. I wrap my hand around the base of your dick and work it up and down in unison with my mouth. You continue to grow harder with each movement, pleasing me greatly. 

"Bend over the bed," you command. I instantly comply. I'm unsure of what to expect in this moment, but I am pleasantly surprised when I feel your face brush my ass. Your tongue grazes my clit and I instantly tense. The sensation is incredible, heightened by your nose against my ass, still sensitive from your assault a few hours earlier. I soak in this moment as much as I can, but quietly anxious for your cock to replace your tongue. And as if you can read my mind, I feel you pushing at my entrance. I grasp onto blankets, bracing myself as you stretch me all over again. My head falls to the bed, my eyes closed tightly. You thrust into me slowly for a few seconds, but are quick to open up and let me feel you deep, fast, hard, hungry. It is almost as if your cock is a key to unlock my orgasm, because I am already soaring close. I tense, you sense it and pull my hair backward, lifting me up, sending your dick into the exact spot I need it. My body pushes over the edge. I tense around you. I hear you say something, but I can't understand it. My world turns momentarily white as my body recovers from then intensity that just ripped through me. After that, I surely have nothing left in me to give you. 

When I return to a more conscious state, you are still drilling into me from behind. I match your rhythm, wanting, needing to feel you as deep as possible. You move faster with each thrust. I can feel the heat rolling off your body and it is the most delicious feeling. I want to be wrapped in your warmth always. As I relic in you, I feel you wrap your fingers in my hair, pulling me back and up. 

"Are you my little cum slut?" you ask, maybe demand. 

"Yes," I say, in a breathy voice, barely audible. 

"Say it."

"I'm your cum slut. I wanna be your cum slut. I want to taste you. I want your cum."

You push me down to my side, and start entering me from a different angle. This one not as deep, but equally as satisfying. I can see you out of the corner of my eye, the way you are watching me as you pump in and out of me. I smile ever so slightly to myself. 

"What do you want?" you ask in a raspy voice, almost panting. 

"I want you to cum for me," I say. I want nothing more than to taste your cum. I have been dreaming about it for months and I am elated that the opportunity may finally be here. 

"I want to make you cum again," you return. I think through that for just a second, certain I have nothing left to give you in terms of an orgasm. You have thoroughly serviced me, better than anyone ever has. I don't think I could possibly orgasm again, even with your delicious dick pounding into me. 

I turn my head to try to get a glimpse of you, but as I do, you flip me around, my back to the bed and your body against mine. You lean your weight against me, pinning me to the bed. I look at you, your face, your eyes. I am in awe of your ability to make me feel like you do. In awe of your command, your control, your power. In awe of you. You separate my legs slightly and are instantly pushing deep inside of me again. I feel my back arch slightly, pushing into you. Your chest is wet with sweat, and now mine is too. You look down at me, use a hand to push my hair out of my face, kissing my forehead and then my lips. Your balance of tenderness as you kiss me with your assault between my legs is astounding. 

"Wrap your legs around me," you command. And I do, my eyes locked on yours. The slight change in position has you hitting my spot again. And despite feeling like I have nothing left, I feel my body climbing. Again. I let out a breathy, nearly pained, moan. I close my eyes, unsure if my body can handle another orgasm. I turn my head and bite my thumb in an attempt to release some of the tension that is building. Watching me, you offer me your thumb, replacing my own, in my mouth. I bite down on your thumb, savoring your taste. You taste like a delicious mix of me and you, my favorite flavor. 

"Suck on it like it's my dick." And I do just that. I focus on taking your finger deep into my mouth, a welcomed distraction from my growing need for release. I run my tongue around your thumb, feeling your fingernail graze the roof of my mouth. But the distraction doesn't last long. I pull my legs down off of your back and squeeze your sides. I turn my head to the other side and hold my eyes closed tight, waiting for the whiteness to overtake my vision. But then I feel your hand against my chin, you turn my face towards you. 

"Keep your eyes open. Look at me when you cum." I merely nod in agreement. Our eyes stay locked. This may be the most intense moment I have ever experienced with you. You continue thrusting into me, knowing I am on the edge. I start to feel the pull in my stomach. And then my entire body reacts. I coil upward, towards you, our eyes still locked. Wave after wave roll through me while my eyes can't leave yours. As my body calms, I basically collapse on the bed, a puddle leftover orgasm, a puddle of your wrath. I wrap my arms around yours, memorizing the curves of the muscles in your arms. I want to kiss them, to lick them, to taste them. I want to taste every part of you. I slide my hands up your arms and wrap them around your back. You are covered in sweat. You've given me so much, you need a break. I need a break. 

You lay down, resting your head on the pillow, near panting. I lay next to you, resting my head on your shoulder. I kiss the side of your face, dip my nose into your ear. I could lay like this, right here with you, forever. You grab my hand and pull it against your chest.

"Feel." You hold my hand over your heart. Your heart is racing, pounding against my hand as I rest it against you. I can't pin point why, but this makes me so happy. I grin like a school girl. 

"You wanna suck on him for a little bit?" you ask. Nodding my response, I snuggle myself next to your crotch. I move my mouth as far down your dick as I can, trying to get you nice and wet. As I pull my head back up, I start to focus on just the head of your cock, letting my hand stoke your length. Wet with my spit, my hand glides easily up and down your cock. I turn my hand ever so slightly and squeeze as I get close to your head, close to my mouth. I let my tongue put pressure against you. You respond with several muted curses in a raspy voice. I can tell you are enjoying having my mouth on you. I continue to worship your cock orally while you rest, gain your strength back. You fit so well in my mouth just like this. A few minutes of this and I coat you with my spit again letting you as far back into my mouth as you will go, gagging only slightly. And then I start the process again. I'm not sure how much time passes, but my jaw starts to go numb, so I reluctantly pull myself off of you and snuggle by your head again. I'm slightly disappointed as I was sincerely hoping to have you explode in my mouth, so I could taste your sweetness. But perhaps that will have to wait for another night with you. 

We snuggle, kiss, touch for just a moment. And then you push me to my side and re-enter me. You've regained your strength and are ravaging me with renewed rigor. I grasp onto the night stand in an effort to hold myself still for your pounding. Each thrust is more intense than the last. I try to hold myself still, but I can't help but to wince a little, shuddering each time you reach the deepest part of me. Your grasp on my hips is tight, I can feel each of your fingertips as a point of pressure on my hip. You tighten your grasp, I know you must be getting closer. 

And then I hear you say, "Get ready!" Two or three more thrusts into me and then you pull out and lay back on the bed. Instinctively, I plant myself between your legs and wrap my mouth around your cock. As I do, you fill my mouth with warm, delicious liquid. I let it sit on my tongue for a few seconds and then swallow it down. Inside I am ecstatic to finally taste you in this way. A smile is plastered on my face. I am a cum slut, your cum slut.