 He came home smelling like cigarettes and Jim Beam. He laid down on the bed right up against her and cleared his throat. He wasn't trying to wake her, but his throat hurt. It always did. He laid there smelling her. Slowly, he sat up and pulled the black boots off his feet. He rose from the bed and went into the bathroom.

He stood in the hot shower leaning on the stall wall until his headache steamed away. He washed the bar smell off his body and rinsed the hard night's feeling off. Every scrub of the washcloth relaxed his body and mind gradually became clearer. Out of the shower he dried himself off and wrapped the towel around his waist.

He stood next to the bed and watched her sleep. As he watched his weary body started to crave her. He always wanted her when he came home at night. She was his refuge and his addiction.

He dropped the towel from his waist and lifted the bed covers. He gently laid down next to her with the front of his body against her back. His body twitched when he felt her nakedness. He laid next to her holding his breath feeling her skin move faintly against his with her breathing.

When he couldn't hold back any longer, he wrapped his arm around her and brushed her nipples with his fingertips. He smiled slightly when he felt her nipples react and stand up.

She stirred. She took his hand, raised it to her lips and kissed it. She whispered to him, "Sing to me."

He groaned because his throat hurt and he was exhausted with the three hours of singing he had done that night. He moaned because he wanted her and hugged her tighter. She whispered again, "I want you. Sing."

He moved his lips right next to her ear and began slowly. His low, deep voice vibrated against her ear and moved down her back and down her legs.

We were born before the wind
Also younger than the sun
Ere the bonnie boat was won as we sailed into the mystic.

As he sang he slowly moved his hand down her silky stomach. With his fingertip he traced a circle around her navel and inched down. His fingertips caressed the smooth skin of her shaved pussy. With two fingers he slowly opened the folds, found her clit and flicked it.

Hark, now hear the sailors cry
Smell the sea and feel the sky
Let your soul and spirit fly into the mystic

She tightened up closer to him moving his other hand to her breast. She moaned when he squeezed it.

And when that fog horn blows I will be coming home
And when the fog horn blows I want to hear it
I don't have to fear it

He rubbed her clit back and forth as he continued singing into her ear. He slid his middle finger inside her wet pussy and pulled it slowly out and then pushed it back inside her deeper this time. He moved it in and out slowly with the words that he sang. First one finger in and out, then two fingers pushed deep inside and then out.

And I want to rock your gypsy soul
Just like way back in the days of old
And magnificently we will flow into the mystic.


He kept singing into her ear and kept his hands moving on her body even when she reached behind her and began to stroke his hard cock. His voice became deeper as her fingertips circled the tip of his cock.  He didn't stop singing as her strokes up and down the entire shaft of his cock became firmer.

When that fog horn blows you know I will be coming home
And when that fog horn whistle blows I got to hear it
I don't have to fear it

She was breathing hard as she clutched and held onto his hand that was squeezing her breast. His fingers were wet up to the knuckles as he pushed them inside her streaming pussy. Her grip on his cock was harder and more insistent as it slid up and down. 
He pulled his fingers out and turned her over onto her back and slid his throbbing cock inside her wet pussy. She wrapped her legs around his waist and held onto his shoulders as he pumped himself in and out of her.

And I want to rock your gypsy soul
Just like way back in the days of old
And together we will flow into the mystic
Come on girl...
Too late to stop now...

He came shooting inside her with his last note. Her grip on his waist became fiercely tight and he felt the waves of her orgasm with her pussy's grip on his cock. 
He laid down on top of her and caressed her cheek as their breathing quieted. His throat hurt, but he was okay. She took the hand on her cheek and slowly lowered it to between her legs.

She whispered, "Sing to me," He groaned loudly and opened his mouth to protest as he felt his cock getting hard.