 Kayla shivered in the cool mountain air as she stared out into the darkness. Behind her she could hear her friends laughing quietly as the three couples snuggled around the warm campfire. She didn't begrudge them their happiness but it was times like these that brought home her loneliness. The campfire lent an orange glow to the trees behind her and sent flickers of light beaming through the night. Kayla leaned forward wrapping her cold arms around her bent knees and gazed up into the star speckled sky. The noise behind her slowly quieted as the various pairs gathered themselves and headed off to their respective tents. Eventually it was only Kayla and the forest sounds around her. Then a soft moan drifted towards her from the campground and Kayla smiled bitter sweetly as she heard it. Another shiver wracked her frame but she had no desire to return to camp and interrupt someone's lovemaking. Slowly she drifted into a half trance, staring out at the moon and stars, listening to the quiet woodland noises around her. Suddenly as another shiver shook her body she felt something extraordinarily soft and warm drift down onto her shoulders as someone sat down next to her. It should have shocked her into wakefulness but it didn't. Somehow it just seemed right to have the large man gracefully sit down next to her on the grass after laying his velvety green cloak across her shoulders. His oddly golden skin and brilliant green eyes didn't seem out of place here in the forest. Instead he seemed almost a part of it, breathing gently with the wind, as it swept past stirring Kayla's hair. She smiled at him and admired the muscles of his arms and chest. He wore nothing but the tight black pants that hugged his legs and hips.

"Aren't you cold?" Kayla inquired dreamily as she stared hungrily at his body. The stranger just smiled at her and shook his head, his black hair skimming across his neck and shoulders.

"Why aren't you back with the others?" The man asked, his deep voice soft and caressing. Kayla felt it slide over her with a lovers touch. 

"No point, they've all got their own company. I'd just be in the way."

"In the way? Somehow I doubt that."

Kayla just shrugged, not feeling up to detailing her 'love life' to this man and turned her gaze back out into the dark. They sat there in companionable silence for a while. Then Kayla tilted her head sideways and gazed at the man next to her, admiring the way the moonlight gilded him in silver. "Are you sure you aren't cold? I think there's enough room in this cloak for two." She offered.

"Is that an invitation?"

Feeling detached and adventurous Kayla shrugged, "Why not?"

The man smiled seductively and instead of coming closer to her he reached a long arm out and guided her between his legs, her back resting against his bare chest and the cloak now settled around his shoulders. Rather than the immediate groping that Kayla expected the man settled her against him and wrapped his arms around her, shielding her from the light breeze and allowing her to relax into his warmth. She sighed in comfort and allowed her hands to drift slowly up and down his thighs. For a while she was content with the position then, feeling that things were progressing too slowly, she tried to turn in his lap. Her lover-to-be's arms tightened around her enough to prevent her movement but without hurting her in any way. 

"Shhhh...." His breath whispered in her ear, "Calmly. There's no hurry tonight."

His lips began brushing against her neck just behind her ear and slowly drifted down the left side of her neck to her shoulder. Kayla could have cursed the t-shirt she wore if she'd had the thought to spare from the feelings his lips were creating within her. 

Suddenly he rose to his feet, pulling Kayla with him. As he rose his fingers hooked the lower hem of her shirt and he pulled it up over her head. He dropped her shirt next to the cloak, which had spread over the ground when he stood. The man quickly dealt with her bra and dropped it with her shirt. His warm hands dropped to her shoulders and slid slowly down her arms as his lips traced a path down the other side of her neck. Kayla tilted her head to the side to give him better access and shivered again, this time not due to the cold she could no longer feel. Kayla felt him lick her neck and shoulder as his right hand slid around her waist and up to her breasts. His left hand also came around her front but instead of heading up it went down across the front of her jeans and settling itself at the juncture of her thighs. Kayla's head fell back against his shoulder as three of his fingers thrust themselves between her thighs and began to rhythmically pulse against her. His right hand found her breast and scooped its fullness into his hand, his thumb brushing gently across the already swollen tip.

Kayla groaned at the feel of his hands on her body and parted her legs slightly to give him better access. She had no idea why she was letting this stranger touch her but it had been so long since she'd been with a man that the feelings he was creating were too intense to resist. Her hands reached down behind her and grasped his hips pulling him against her. She could feel his erection against her buttocks and a bolt of pleasure shot through her.

"No," he growled as she rubbed against him, "Tonight is for you." He pulled his hips out of her hands.

"That's not fair to y-you!" Kayla gasped as he pinched her nipple lightly.

"I'll get my pleasure too, not to worry but for now let me please you."

Kayla gave in without much of a struggle as her mind tried to cope with the signals his touch was sending through her body. Her hands dropped to her sides in surrender and she was rewarded with a surge of pleasure as the fingers of his left hand increased their pace. The approving growl vibrated down her spine as he kissed his way from her shoulder point to her neck. Suddenly he bit down on the gap between her neck and shoulder. Kayla's knees immediately collapsed and her body weight was caught on the fingers moving between her legs and the strong arm across her torso. The sudden pressure on her clit caused such a burst of ecstasy that her back arched involuntarily thrusting her breast deeper into his hand. Kayla faintly heard him chuckle at her body's loss of control. He had to be incredibly strong because Kayla was not a small woman but he seemed to take her weight with no problem. His fingers began to change their rhythm and strength sending waves of pleasure washing over her body. His upper hand began massaging Kayla's breast while his forefinger and thumb pinched her nipple. He raised his elbow and brushed his forearm across the tip of the other breast, teasing her with the silken caress, the rougher hairs contrasting and complimenting the softness of his skin. Kayla's hands clenched into fists as she fought the desire to turn and take control.

"Very good," he whispered approvingly as he dragged his hand across her chest to the other breast and began lightly pinching that nipple, "Can you stand for a moment?"

Somehow Kayla gained control of her shaking knees and braced herself into standing on her own. In response his left hand slid back up her stomach and undid the button and zipper on her jeans. He pealed the two halves apart making sure to brush his fingertips across her abdomen, tempting her with the thought of them on her body without cloth between them. His right hand abandoned her breast and she moaned in protest until she felt it gliding down her side. Grasping her waistband with a hand on either side he guided the jeans down over her hips and thighs. Following his downward movement he kissed his way down her spine to the small of her back where he gently nipped the skin and suckled on the tender area. Kayla felt goose bumps rising up and around her ribcage at the suction in this sensitive spot. She swayed slightly before regaining her balance and slid her legs further apart to help remove her jeans. He paused maddeningly just above the waistband of her panties and began kissing slowly around her waist to the front.

Kayla was so involved in the feel of his tongue against her skin that it took her a moment to realize why he had stopped before fully removing her jeans. Looking down into his laughing green eyes she realized that it would be impossible while she still wore her hiking boots. She flushed in embarrassment then blushed even harder at his knowing wink. He quickly untied and loosened her boots and he helped her as she kicked them off her feet, the grass cool under her socks. Bracing herself with one hand on his shoulder she lifted first one leg then the other and her jeans and socks quickly joined the pile of her clothing. His skin under her hand was hot and silken to the touch, making her want to run her hands over every exposed portion of him. She reached for him just as he pulled away from her. The smile he gave her was almost wicked with promise but he once again moved behind her.

Kayla gasped at the contrast between her skin, cooled by the night breeze and his heated body as he again clasped her in his arms. This time he pulled her back fully against him, leaning her back up against his hard slightly furry chest and nestling his groin into her buttocks. The feel of his hardness so close to her most sensitive area sent shocks of bliss shooting through her. His hands returned to what they were doing before, the sensations more intense with the loss of her jeans between them. The scrap of fabric covering her pubic area was only enough to tantalize her further, it was no barrier to whatever plans he had in mind. Once again he began teasing her neck, this time nibbling and licking across the back of it. Her head dropped forward in submission as her legs spread once more on wobbly knees.

This time he delved deeper between her thighs, his fingers dancing across the already damp area as he palmed her mound. The slight calluses on his hand scraped infuriatingly slowly across her sensitized clit. Kayla gasped in ecstasy when he pushed suddenly forward with his hips while pushing back with his hand sandwiching her between his engorged cock and his steely arm. She felt him begin to thrust his hips against her as his middle finger pushed upward, just slightly entering her but denied full access by the barrier of her panties. She moaned with need and bucked her hips slightly wanting more... more of everything... whatever he was willing to give. She felt his lips curve into a smile on the skin of her shoulder as he pushed her enjoyment higher with hands and mouth. She should have felt embarrassed by the wetness beginning to soak her underwear but the sensations that were causing it were too much to think through, she could only relax and experience it. The wet fabric stretched more under the pressure from his fingers and he entered her a little further. The contrast of the slight roughness from the cotton and the heat she could feel through it from his finger aroused her even further and she came up onto her toes. Her breathing was deeper now and more erratic with small sounds of bliss escaping her lips. He seemed to enjoy hearing her pleasure and rewarded her with deeper penetrations, tighter grips with his fingers and lips and slightly harder bites. She could feel his cock straining against her back with each small sound.

Apparently having teased them both enough for the moment Kayla's lover released her and stepped around in front of her. Her eyes grew wide for a moment at the sheer arousal reflected in his before his mouth swooped down and claimed her lips for the first time. One arm wrapped around her back and cradled the back of her head in his grip as the other arm snuggled her into the hollows of his body. His cock surged against his pants as he rubbed it on her abdomen. Expecting a savage kiss to go with the fire in his eyes Kayla was surprised at the gentleness he showed. His lips floated over hers lightly, barely touching but burning wherever they rested. His tongue slipped past his lips to gently lave her lower lip and swirled over her mouth. Rather than returning for a second pass he continued to give her butterfly kisses up her cheek and used his lips to close her eyes. As her lashes descended she could see a devilish delight gleaming from his eyes. He passed across the bridge of her nose and kissed the other eyelid as well before tracking back down to her lips. This time his kisses were a little harder, almost a request, a beckoning for Kayla to release her control and allow him in. Without thought Kayla's lips parted slightly with a sigh and her lover accepted her unconscious invitation. His lips fully covered hers and his tongue ran lightly along the part, teasing and tasting. He made small forays into her mouth licking the inside of her lower lip before retreating. Kayla opened her mouth wider and tilted her head to the side to get a better position. This was one of the most intensely erotic kisses of her life and with her eyes closed her mind concentrated solely on the sensations.

Assured of her willingness his hand dropped from the back of her head and slowly moved down her back, caressing every inch of her skin he could reach. His other hand dropped to her hips and held them still while he gently rocked his pelvis against her. 

"Please," Kayla whimpered.

"Please what?" her lover questioned as he pulled her lower lip gently between his teeth.

"P-please may I touch you too?" she begged, her hands were opening and closing involuntarily with the need to touch that golden skin rubbing against her. His chest hair gently rasped across her swollen nipples prompting her to groan.

"You may... " Kayla gasped as his hands grabbed her butt and he surged into her, his cock rubbing against the already sensitized clit straining against her panties.

Kayla opened her mouth to his questing tongue as her hands were finally allowed to caress the powerful body giving her such pleasure. Her hands roamed his back feeling the leashed power and tension in the quivering muscles. The rumble from deep in his chest gave proof of his enjoyment as his lips conquered hers. His tongue thrust inside her mouth the way she wished he would thrust inside of her. Daring and bold he plundered her mouth, entering and retreating in a dance older than time itself. Kayla savored his taste and began to respond, fencing with her tongue. His response to her play only encouraged her and she swept his bottom lip with her tongue. While their tongues dueled her hands traced the lines of his muscles across his back, she lightly scored it with her nails and exulted in the shivers that raced across his skin. She reached for the waistband of his pants and began to follow them around to the front, desperate to feel his hardness in her hands, not behind the barrier of his pants. Her hands made it to the front and slipped the button from its hole. Her finger tips lightly caressed the downy trail of hair leading below his waistband. She could feel his stomach muscles clench at her touch and felt his cock jerk against her. She slid one hand slowly down its length taking the zipper with her to open his pants to her eager touch. There was no underwear to bar her way and as soon as the zipper was down his cock lunged out, released from its prison. Kayla gasped at the size and heat coming from it. She opened her eyes as her lover jerked away before she could wrap her questing hands around him.

"You are far too tempting," he rumbled. His hands swept down her arms to prevent her from grabbing his throbbing cock. "Hush little one. It will happen soon enough."

Kayla whimpered a protest at the glorious sight of this aroused man in front of her. Being unable to touch him, taste him, feel him inside her was almost more than she could bear. Her eyes flashed to his face as his mouth twisted into a pained smile.

Pushing her hands back to her sides he transferred his hands to her waist and slowly backed her up until her feet hit the edge of the cloak now spread over the ground. He knelt gracefully in front of her and slowly drew her panties down her legs, touching and stroking her heated flesh. Kayla gazed down at the top of his head, her mind focused on the feel of his hands then his lips as they crossed her abdomen. Once her panties had joined the pile of clothing he looked up at her, his eyes burning with desire but still he didn't act on what she could clearly see. He gently kissed her navel and ran his hands up her back, alternately caressing and massaging until he reached her shoulders. He hooked his hands gently over them and slowly pulled her down until she was laying on the cloak. Her legs naturally fell to the side opening her most private areas to his full view. He slid his hands out from under her shoulders and around to the front, cupping her breasts as he moved over her.

"Lie still," he ordered gently. Kayla nodded in acquiescence and bunched up some of the cloak beneath her head for a pillow. She enjoyed watching him as he touched her, the sight of his hands on her skin increasing the sensations he was creating.

He leaned forward over her, settling himself between her spread legs, and nuzzled her neck, forcing her chin back while he kissed her. Then he moved down to her left breast and began to suckle. Kayla inhaled sharply as the heat of his mouth engulfed her nipple. The contrast between the cool night air and the damp heat of his mouth was staggering. Her back arched slightly as her body strove to get closer to the one creating so much delight. His right hand slid down her side and under her back and helped draw her closer to him. His left hand surrounded her other breast and began molding it to his grip. The gentle pressure from his hand was a counterpoint to his strong sucking on her nipple. Each flick of his tongue across the engorged nipple sent ripples of pleasure throughout her body. Kayla's head moved from side to side as she reveled in the sensations. Her hands came down to his shoulders and began gripping and releasing the tense muscles in the same rhythm as his tongue across her nipple. The sudden sharp pleasure/pain of his nip caused her to lunge upward into his body and she could feel the vibration of his chuckle where they touched. His tongue lovingly soothed the bitten flesh causing Kayla to shiver in response. He repeated this over and over again, bringing her to a singing tension that was almost painful to experience. She wanted more, all of him, inside and out with a desperation that should have surprised her.

After having devoted such attention to her left breast he switched his focus to the right and repeated the process. Kayla began to writhe gently within his grasp rubbing herself against his silken skin in an attempt to sate the burning desires he was creating within her. Her gasps became moans of need as his attentions became more aggressive, the suckling harder and the pinches longer. She cried out when he pinched her left nipple and rolled it at the same time, the shaft of ecstasy shooting straight to the center of her body. Her fingers dug involuntarily into his shoulders as her head pushed back against the makeshift pillow. She grabbed his hips with her thighs and tried rubbing the neediest part of her against him. His hot hard cock rested at the juncture of her thighs and the contrast between his silken skin and her wet slit drove Kayla even further over the edge. His left hand slid down her side and grasped her thigh roughly as he rubbed over her, grinding into her hips a little and making her shiver uncontrollably.

His movements became harder and more demanding against her and Kayla could feel herself tightening up, her hips thrusting up into him in a strong counterpoint to his rhythm. Suddenly he pulled away from her, leaving her nipple shining wetly in the cool air. The shock of his departure pulled her back from the edge and she groaned in protest, her hands reaching to cup his head and bring him back down to her. He turned his head and gently grabbed one of her fingers in his teeth. The sensation as he drug his teeth down her finger was strangely erotic. "I thought I told you to lie still," he rumbled as he pulled away from her seeking hands. She resisted him as he began to disengage himself from her grasp. His laughter crashed gently over her as he firmly spread her legs apart freeing his hips. Kayla whimpered another protest but he gently laid a finger over her lips to silence her. 
