 "Madam, Madam!"

I woke up hearing that voice. It took a bit of time to regroup myself from sleep, pulled down the nighty, which had pushed up exposing my fair and firm thighs and got out of bed. It was a female voice! I was really surprised by that as I did not see a woman there at least yesterday, nor did I notice that on the first day when I came to the ashram with my mother-in-law. I opened the door and there stood a middle-aged plump woman with a smiling face. 

"Madam, my name is Meenakshi. I am Guru-ji's disciple. I did not meet you yesterday as I was out of station for some days and had reached this morning only."

I looked at her now attentively. Meenakshi was elder than me in age, probably 35, somewhat dark in complexion with an oval face with very prominent womanly assets. She was wearing the ashram dress code. I asked her to come inside. 

Me: Oh! A bit of relief seeing a woman here. 

Meenakshi: Madam, there is no difference in male and female here. Guru-ji treats every disciple equally. So you don't worry at all. Jai Linga Maharaj. 

I also chanted the ashram theme mantra and asked her to wait, as I wanted to go to the toilet first. When I came back to the room, I found Meenakshi had already cleaned and prepared my bed and was cleaning the room with a broom. 

Meenakshi: Madam, please get ready quickly as we need to be in front of Guru-ji at 06:30 am. Here are your sterilized undergarments. Sanjeev handed over to me as they are dry now. 

Me: Thanks a lot. You know yesterday the whole evening I was braless in front of these males. Think of my condition. And to make things worse, I really had a torrid time with this blouse yesterday. 

Saying that I pointed the blouse to her. She smiled. 

Meenakshi: Yes, Nirmal told me its cups are smaller for your breast size. 

I was bewildered time and again seeing the porousness of each event in the ashram! Everyone knows everything here regarding me! Did Nirmal also tell everyone what grand view he got of my ass as I bent in front of him? I was perplexed. 

Meenakshi: But no problem Madam, take Guru-ji's permission and I will do the needful. 

Me: For a change of blouse size, do I really need to bother Guru-ji? 

Meenakshi: Yes Madam, as per ashram rule we need to inform any change to Guru-ji, even if it is related to our clothing. 

I showed her how awkward my position was as I was unable to button the two upper hooks of my blouse. 

Meenakshi: Madam, you look very appealing with the buttons open. Your ones are standing erect even without the bra! 

I blushed, but felt proud. I have got this compliment before also. 

I turned from her now and wore my bra. It seemed I was wearing it after an era, though it was only few hours on last evening. I felt so secured wearing that and hastily wriggled up my panty with both hands to my waist and completed wearing my sari in another couple of minutes.

Closing the door, we went ahead to Guru-ji. As Meenakshi walked in front of me I appreciated in my mind even being a female of her heavily swinging hips below her sari. Though she looks very round in every part of her body, starting from her face, her boobs, and obviously down her bottoms, she seemed very agile and walked at a brisk pace and I was hurrying on to keep pace with her. 

Guru-ji was sitting in a meditation position and welcomed me with a smiling face. There was no other disciple present then. Within the next couple of minutes before Meenakshi left the room what I saw was totally unbelievable to my eyes. I have never seen such things done so openly! 

Meenakshi: Guru-ji before you start talking to Anita, will you please listen to a problem of mine? 

Guru-ji: What is it Meenakshi?

Meenakshi: Guru-ji, I had an acute pain last night in my waist and now though the pain is very less, I am still uncomfortable. 

Guru-ji: Hmm. May be some sort of muscle ache, unless you have injured anything. Let me see. Come here. 

Guru-ji was sitting on the floor. We were standing some feet away. Now I remained still and Meenakshi went forward and stood absolutely in front of him. To tell the truth the situation was such that Guru-ji's face was just in front of Meenakshi's honey pot. Then she turned back and faced me. Now her heavy buttocks were almost touching Guru-ji's face! Now I saw Guru-ji stretched both his hands from that sitting position and touched her at the waist first and asked about pain. Meenakshi nodded. 

Then what Guru-ji did turned my ears hot even. He started palpating Meenakshi's hips quite directly over the sari with both hands. As I was standing at an angle I could see every movement of Guru-ji's hands on Meenakshi's hips. First it was light palpation and then after a moment he was virtually kneading both ass cheeks with both hands. It was looking more arousing as Guru-ji was doing this from a siting posture! Meenakshi's rear portion was very round and copious in regard to any woman and thus Guru-ji's palms even when stretched fully to press were unable to cover it fully. I was quite surprised to see Meenakshi's face, which was so normal. This went for a few moments though and before Guru-ji stopped, I noticed he just squashed her firm ass cheeks with both hands as a final squeeze. Meenakshi was standing still so far, but due to the heat that must have generated in her due to such vigorous ass fondling moved about a bit and faced Guru-ji. 

Was I unnecessarily thinking dirty about Guru-ji? My mind consoled me that this might be the process to trace the culprit muscle causing pain in the hips. But whatever, the way was very direct and definitely this should not be done in front of others, as it might lead to a wrong thinking. 

Guru-ji: Meenakshi, you need to use hot compress on your hips and waist and take this medicine twice daily. 

Saying this, Guru-ji pulled out a box from his side and opened it and I saw there are at least 40-50 small bottles containing medicated colored solutions. Meenakshi left the room taking the medicine. Guru-ji now turned to me and asked to sit. 

Guru-ji: Sorry Anita to keep you standing. I hope you are feeling much better now getting back your undergarments. 

He smiled looking at my eyes. I nodded subtly feeling the natural shyness to such comments, though I must admit that I am slowly getting familiar to it. 

Guru-ji: Anita, from today I will start your treatment. Jai Linga Maharaj. 

Me: Jai Linga Maharaj. 

Guru-ji: Let me get some more details from you regarding your married life. Don't be shy and do not hide anything. The mind must open up. You should tell me or ask me about anything and everything that comes to your mind. Your issue is such if you do not open up, your treatment will not be perfect. 

I nodded again. 

Guru-ji: I just noted shyness in you when I mentioned about undergarment. Why Anita? Till such time you feel these are natural and normal things, your diksha is incomplete. As you are wearing a bra, I am wearing a brief under my clothes. What is there to be shy of, tell me? 

Me: Err... Yes Guru-ji. Nothing. 

Guru-ji: Okay. How many times in a week did you copulate? 

Me: Twice a week in general. 

Guru-ji: Did you get full satisfaction after the intercourse? 

I nodded my head. 

Guru-ji: Did you feel you were fully aroused Anita while doing it or did you feel it could have been a longer process or a different style or anything of that sort? 

Me: No Guru-ji. I never felt like that. 

Guru-ji: Okay, then apparently most things are normal and mostly as you have regular periods. Tell me Anita, in one session how many times did you copulate? Once or more than once. 

I was already feeling hot in the ears and my cheeks had turned red too out of womanly nervousness answering such things to a male. 

Me: In the first few months of marriage twice, but for the last one year, its once only. 

Guru-ji: Anita, in the earlier days, did you have discharge from your vagina twice? Were they amounted the same? 

Me: Yes, but frankly speaking on some days, I did not discharge the second time, but my husband discharged. 

Guru-ji: Hmm. Do you discharge heavily? 

Me: No, not much. I mean...

My nervousness was gulping me from saying such private things. 

Guru-ji: Tell me Anita. Regroup your words and open your mind. 

Me: Actually I feel till now a days also that there is something 'hot' that remained within me and did not come out even after the process is over. 

Guru-ji: Okay Anita, relax. I have got the needful information. 

There was silence for some moments, as Guru-ji closed his eyes and was meditating. 

Guru-ji: Jai Linga Maharaj. Look Anita, your pregnancy will come only if you discharge more during intercourse. What I gathered it seems you are not getting aroused enough to get total discharge of your fluids. This often happens to couples, which is not very concerning. But the concerning part can be if even if you are aroused fully, your vaginal discharge is inadequate. 

Guru-ji gave a pause as if inviting the natural question from me. 

Me: If it's not adequate, what happens Guru-ji? 

Guru-ji: Look Anita, if discharge is scanty, the number of ovum produced is also less and the pregnancy chance decreases significantly. But be relaxed my dear, as there are ways to pull out your full vaginal discharge and also herbal medicines to enhance it. But you need to obey my guidelines in toto. 

Me: Guru-ji I would do anything to get pregnancy. I am really frustrated now. I will do exactly as you order. 

Guru-ji: Good Anita. But remember it's easier said than done. The first thing I will need is the measure of your vaginal discharge. Do you masturbate? 

I was feeling thirsty now. I have never in my life faced such a question and was really feeling very, very embarrassed. I never tried such things. Whatever happened was natural with me. Its not that I didn't get discharges before marriage, but they were all natural, through dreams mostly, and at times some brushing or groping in trains, buses, etc. and thinking about them later in bed with a pillow may be. 

But now I was feeling puzzled how could I get a full vaginal discharge, as for that I need to be aroused fully, only imagination would not lead to that. Most importantly, my husband is not here also. 

Me: Yes, Guru-ji, very few times do I masturbate and the discharge also is very less. 

Guru-ji: Anita, you need to do exactly as I say. I need the measure of your vaginal discharge and based on that further treatment will be planned. 

Me: But Guru-ji, without my husband... I cannot lie down with... 

Guru-ji: Anita, what are you thinking I don't know? Are you expecting that I will ask you to lie down with another man to get your full discharge? I know you are a housewife and your social limits. 

I nodded and was somewhat assured now. But still I was not clear how would I get fully aroused if I do not lie down with a male! 

Guru-ji: The first part of the treatment is mind control. You have to only respond to actions on your body naturally and wipe out everything else from mind. Do not think who is with you, where you are, but just respond normally to situations that I will give you. Control your mind to the actions only. It will be done so very naturally, just like we are talking now and so don't worry at all, it's just a treatment process. Jai Linga Maharaj! 

I nodded to Guru-ji though perceived little about what exactly will be the treatment like.

Guru-ji: Let me summarize for you what will be the plan. First the medicine part. You will take this herbal drug in the morning after your first urine in empty stomach and at bedtime. The dosage is written on the bottle. Okay? 

I nodded taking the medicine bottle from him. 

Guru-ji: This is the second herbal extract that you will always take when you will go out of this ashram. And here is an oil with which you need to massage your full body before taking bath in the noon. And every shower you take must be with herbal water as you did during your diksha. I feel you start applying the oils from tomorrow, and not today. 

Me: Okay Guru-ji. I felt very fresh after the herbal water bath. 

Guru-ji: Yes, the herbal extract helps to rejuvenate your organs and energy level. But remember that the oil I just gave you must not be applied on your breasts. For that, this is the oil, which should be used. I hope there will be no confusion if you can remember that the breast massage oil is green in color. Okay? 

I nodded like an obedient student. I could realize my nipples jumped up within my bra hearing the words "breast massage" from a male. 

Guru-ji: Anita, you will get the guidelines regarding your massage from Rajkamal. You have probably not conversed with him because he remains busy most of the time, as he is the ashram cook. 

Me: Yes Guru-ji. I have not talked to him though saw him yesterday when I came here. 

Guru-ji: And now for the mind control part. This is very important. You keep this special soaking pad and wear it for the next couple of days whenever you go out of the ashram. 

Guru-ji handed me over a small white square shaped cotton pad, which looked like a big handkerchief folded to form a square. I was in a dilemma what to do exactly with it though Guru-ji said to 'wear it'. 

Me: How do I wear this Guru-ji? 

I probably asked the most silly question of my life! 

Guru-ji: Anita, I already told you that I must know how much discharge you are having when aroused and this is a specialized pad with a measuring litmus paper within it, which will enable me to gauge that. You will have to place it within your panty over your pussy hole. 

My ears turned red instantly hearing this. I avoided eye contact from Guru-ji out of womanly shyness. Hearing the words "panty" and "pussy" directly from a male made my condition worse, as the nipples grew more and so were my copious upper treasures giving me a tighter sensation, as my blouse was already stretched enough.

Guru-ji: Put it within your panty in such a way Anita so that it does not get shifted. It needs to soak every drop so that I get the correct measure. I hope you can manage that. 

I nodded right away looking at the floor and wanted to end this discussion desperately. I felt like if I allowed more on this topic, Guru-ji might ask to lift my sari to my waist and he would actually put his hand within my panty to show me how to wear this pad. 

Me: Okay Guru-ji. I got your point. 

Guru-ji: Fine. Anita, I want you to have at least two orgasms per day for today and tomorrow. Remember, every act that you will face might seem to be highly outrageous, but is actually a part of your treatment. So you must be taking it sportingly and allow for the incidents to happen in its natural path. Jai Linga Maharaj! 

Me: Jai Linga Maharaj. 

Guru-ji: Anita, I also want you to participate in daily chores that we do. If you feel, you can help in the kitchen. Similarly if you feel, you can participate in pastime like yoga, swimming etc. in the afternoon. 

Me: Okay Guru-ji. I will definitely do that which would suit me. 

Guru-ji: You can go now Anita. You will get instructions from me via my disciples what to do, where to go, etc. Have faith in Linga Maharaj. 

Me: Thanks Guru-ji. Jai Linga Maharaj! 

I went out of his room and went back to my room. I was still tense about the mind control part. As Guru-ji said, I have to 'take it sportingly', but obviously being married was pretty much worried to experience two orgasms in a day without my husband. I only had such intense sexual pleasures in the early part of my marriage days. I consoled myself at the same time that there is no other way out, as Guru-ji needs to know if my discharge is normal or not. 

At around 10:00 am Nirmal came tapping at my room door. By then I already had a herbal bath. It was so refreshing and bathing in front of the life size mirror in my toilet was as if making me more shameless. The general 10-minute long bath got extended, as I stayed nude there for some more time appreciating my youthful figure in the mirror. Before that I went to the kitchen and got introduced with Rajkamal and helped him with some vegetable cutting also. 

Nirmal: Madam, please get ready. Guru-ji said to take you to the tailor as you are having problems with your blouse fitting. 

Me: But I did not tell Guru-ji in the morning about this. How did he know? 

Nirmal: Meenakshi told Guru-ji. 

I thanked in my mind to Meenakshi. She saved me from taking such an intimate issue to Guru-ji. And the way Guru-ji asks direct question would have been another blushing episode for me.

Each time I see this dwarf I feel amused. I noted that his eyes were roaming more on the lower portion of my figure. Realizing that I consciously avoided turning my back to him while talking. 

Me: Where is the tailor? Does he stay in the ashram? 

Nirmal: No Madam. But not far at all, it's only five minutes walking from here. Madam, I will not go with you; Uday will come and take you, as he is dedicated for outside visits. 

Me: Okay Nirmal. You can send Uday. 

Nirmal: Madam, please make sure to take the medicine before going out of the ashram and to wear the pad. 

He left the place with a wicked smile. I was again taken aback. This nitwit also knows that I need to wear the pad within my panty! 

I closed the door and had the medicine as per dosage and then went to the toilet with the pad. Since I need to place the pad securely, I decided to get out of the sari and petticoat completely. So again I had to strip to an almost bikini posture as I had my bath only sometime ago. I pulled my panty half way down my fair buttocks and placed the pad covering my pussy hole and pulled the panty up again. The touch of a foreign body on my pussy instantly gave me a turn on. But I tried to distract my mind from it and quickly wore my petticoat and sari. My blouse as usual clung to my tight boobs with the upper hooks open, but at least I felt assured that I would get a proper blouse to wear, as I need to stay here for 5-7 days now. 

Uday had a charming personality, but with a very well built body. He told me he teaches yoga here and is very active in sporting events like kho-kho, kabbadi, swimming, etc. Any woman would like his physical structure and honestly I also appreciated in my mind his physique. We went out of ashram and took the way by the big pond just outside the ashram. I noticed there was not much residence, only a few and very scattered. 

As I tried to walk swiftly to match Uday's steps through the grass filed, I began facing my common problem. I clearly felt my panty sliding off my smooth buttocks and getting shifted to a side due to my speedy walk. I know in no time it will roll into my ass crack if I do not walk slowly. Though the pad was secure in the front, I felt very uncomfortable within even though this was nothing new to me, as it's the same story with almost all panties I wear. I had no other option but to walk a bit slowly and thankfully Uday did not ask me why I decelerated. 

Soon we reached the tailor's place. It was a small hut, so to say. As we knocked an elderly man came out. He must be at least 55-60 years, almost my father's age. He was wearing thick spectacles and was wearing a lungi. He appeared very feeble. 

Uday: Master-ji, our Madam is having some problem with her blouse, can you see if you can correct that.

Master-ji: But I right now I am busy taking measurements. It will take some time. 

Uday: Okay Master-ji, she will wait for a while. 

The tailor looked at me. His eyesight seemed to be weak, as he looked quite a while at me through his thick glasses. At that time another man came out of the house, he was middle aged, may be around 40, very thin, also wearing a lungi. 

Master-ji: Ramlal take Madam inside. I am coming from toilet. 
