 The night was dark and slightly overcast. Unfortunately the whole day was stormy so the sky had no stormy left for the night. High on a hill a young man looked out his window over the grounds of his estate. With a small glass of brandy in hand he turned back to his room and shed his bathrobe as he slipped under the covers of his bed. Flipping on the local news; he chuckled at the first story he sees. "I love it when the news is about me," he mentions to no one. The cute local anchorwoman a Miss Virginia Dole was presenting a piece about the new local man bringing up the per capita income of their small town. 

"Angelo Alar has moved into the old abandoned "house on the hill" and already started renovations to the extensive manor. No one seems to know what attracted this influential young gentleman to our humble burg, but I'm sure I speak for all of us when I express a big welcome to Worthington." 

With an audible click the television goes black as Angelo shuts it off. "Must be a slow news day," he chuckled to himself. He had moved away from the hustle and bustle of New York in order to avoid seeing his face every night on the news. Although a local fluff piece is far better than the usual allegations of embezzling and other nonsense any strong businessman generally faces in the course of doing business. 

"At least no one is out to get me here," thought the young man as his eyelids started to droop. 

"Hmmm," he articulated; "I think this brandy is starting to get to me. It's only ten o' clock!" With those words still hanging in the air, he pulled his new copy of David Copperfield by Charles Dickens off of the bedside table. Despite the complete lack of any magic whatsoever; Mr. Alar decided that his purchase was not as bad as he originally thought. However, he could not remain awake much longer. Angelo was starting to put more effort into staying awake than he was to reading. So, placing the tome on his bedside table and with a big yawn; he turned out the nearby lamp and snuggled under the comforter.

Unfortunately, Angelo was not aware of the figure stalking across the massive lawn and up to his house. The humanoid shape barely perceptible against the dark night made its way up the hill and to one of the many back windows the mansion boasted. Silently it raised the window and slipped inside. 

The figure slowly and deliberately moved through the room it found itself in until it spied a stairway leading upstairs. Alighting on the landing, the dark form is guided to Angelo's room by the snores emanating from his open doorway. "Could this be any easier," the shape thought to itself. As it approached the doorway, it noticed the door wasn't open; it was missing. The renovations weren't completely on schedule, although the room appeared to be furnished well enough with a big comfy chair in the corner and the king-sized bed containing the sleeping millionaire. These were the only discernable shapes in the darkness. The moonlight slicing through the solitary window left all else in darkness. 

The intruder sidled into the room. It made a path for the foot of the bed moving carefully to avoid stepping on anything and ruining the "surprise." As the shadowed creature stepped into the light pooling at the foot of the bed it became clear it is a thin human in dark clothes. The figure reaches into its tight black top and pulls out a small blowgun. "No use wasting the heavy weaponry on a sleeping target," the trespasser thought soundlessly. However, as the assassin drew breath and released the poisoned dart from the tube; the man turned in his sleep causing the dart to affix itself to the headboard with an audible thunk.

"Shit," the assassin cursed in a barely audible yet decidedly feminine voice.

Getting a hold of herself, she reached back into her shirt to retrieve a second dart. She chided herself for the brief outburst. With a slight smile the killer thought, "I have all night." It seems fate took slight at her presumption and decided she needed to take all night. As the blowgun was once again employed, the sound sleeper pulled one of his many pillows over his head as if to block out the minimal noise the intruder brought with her. The dart smacked into the pillow but instead of going through it became embedded in the expensive memory foam pillow; nothing but the best for this young businessman.

The woman decided enough was enough. She was starting to become irked by the inability of her poisoned barbs to find their mark. She reached towards her back to pull a katana out of the scabbard attached to her back. Stepping lithely upon the bed, she turned the blade to stab at the snoozing target. Unfortunately, Angelo settled into the bed pulling the covers up around his neck. The suddenly shifting ground forced the failing assassin to become a flailing assassin as she fell backwards off the bed. She managed to catch herself on the furniture shrouded in shadow against the wall. Regrettably her sword was not as fortunate as it went spinning out the open doorway. She could see it standing up in the carpet, but as she moved to retrieve it she noticed movement from the corner of her eye.

Angelo was sitting up with his back against his pillows and headboard. "Hello there," he uttered jovially; "it's not nice to enter someone's house uninvited." 

"Well I'm being paid a good bit of money to be here," she replied.

"Still, the courteous thing to do would be to announce your presence. Although I guess you did the way you tromped up my stairs." 

"That's ridiculous I was quieter than the proverbial dead church mouse."

"Well I have very good --" Thunk, thunk, thunk. ". . . ears. You know I think that might have been even ruder. I was just getting into that book."

The assassin thinking her mark distracted had extended her arm letting loose three kunai she had hidden up her sleeve. Acting quickly Angelo had grabbed the new copy of David Copperfield off the bedside table and used it as a shield. Still, the blades were thrown with enough force to poke through the description on the back.

"Guess I should get the hardcover copy next time."

"Damn, how are you so fast?"

"I ate my vegetables when I was little, and don't forget those little Flintstone multivitamins. I'm partial to the grape ones myself. Now where was I? Oh, right." 

With one fluid motion, he pulled one of the daggers out of its mock sheath and flung it at the woman standing at his footboard. His motion was too quick for her and all she could do was stand there as she felt the wind current of the weapon as it flew over her head. 

"Ha, you missed me Mr. Vitamins."

"Try again my dear," he replied as he reached over to turn the bedside light on again.

At that moment, the failed assassin's mask fell off her face in two equal pieces to the floor. The thrown weapon, now stuck in the opposite wall, had passed close enough to slice open her hood without even cutting a single strand of hair. The exposed face was an exquisite example of exquisite feminine features. Shoulder length blonde hair glided down from where it was held to caress her neck as she glared daggers with eyes of deep purple. 

"There now," Angelo stated, "doesn't that feel better. You certainly look better without that silly mask covering yourself. Now what should I call you?"

"I'm not telling you my name!" the woman cried vehemently.

"Now now, no need to be testy I didn't ask 'What is your name?' did I? I asked what I could call you. I can't simply call you 'woman.' Then I would be about as rude as an individual who broke into some poor guy' house."

The assassin just stared evilly at the young man still sitting up in his bed smiling politely. 

"All right then I'll call you Rose. I always liked that name plus it seems fitting as you seem to have thorns sticking out everywhere my beauty." He nodded to the two remaining kunai still lodged in the book he had placed on his table to emphasize the point. 

"Well now, how about we get a better look at you my dear." Angelo pulled the corner of his comforter to the side so he could escape the sheets on his bed. As he slid out of the bed, Rose noticed he slept in nothing but a pair of flannel sleep pants. As he approached she thought she saw an opening and tried to make her move again. As she stepped forward wielding another dagger from her right sleeve, Angelo landed a light blow to her wrist sending the new weapon harmlessly into the headboard. The young man didn't stop there; he stepped into the poor woman's attack nudging her leg gently with his foot causing her to fall into him. Once she was completely off balance, he pushed her onto the bed to cushion her fall.

"I already knew one must work to avoid a Rose's thorns, but you sure are full of refresher courses," Angelo remarked jovially.

"And here you were trying to act all high and mighty. Didn't your mother ever teach you not to hit women," Rose spat.

"Awww, where's your sense of humor. Your bones are still intact are they not? And besides not to get all grade school on you but you started it," Angelo retorted. After extending his hand to the prone woman he continued, "I'll even be nice enough to help you up."

As he pulled her to her feet however; she saw another chance to attack and since she obviously did not know when to give up the ghost she took it. She came up from the bed holding Angelo's right hand in her left and tried to knock his lights out with her right. The combination of her lift off the bed and her connection to her intended victim provided nothing for her balance as her fist slid past Angelo's head and instead brought Rose up face to face with her mark in a half hug. The young man being very much both young and male took advantage of the situation to give Rose a kiss on the lips before letting her fall back onto the bed.

"And now you're molesting me."

"I did nothing of the sort. I was helping you up you're the one that wrapped your arm around me."

"I was trying to attack you," was the response with more poutiness then fire that previously infused her speech.

"Are you willing to be civil now?"

"I guess so."

With that, he reached down to pull her up off the bed again. This time when Rose got to her feet she leaned in without the previous type of attack in mind. She pulled Angelo's face down to meet hers in another kiss this time lingering a good deal longer as she gently rubbed her body against his.

"That was certainly civil," was all the breathless man could exclaim.

With those words of approval, she jumped into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist to better facilitate kissing him deeply. "Damn you're good at this," she murmured in between assaults on his mouth. 

"What happened to killing me?" he inquired in a similar manner when they separated for breath. 

"Oh fuck killing you, this is way more fun."

He smiled into her mouth as they returned to sharing each others lips with vigor. He turned her so she could sit on the low dresser she had previously used to protect her fall what seemed like a lifetime ago. The dresser was happily about the same height she was already at except it provided greater support for her buttocks then merely Angelo's hands. Angelo took full advantage of the freedom his hands now enjoyed to explore his guest's back. He slid his hands up along the fabric of her shirt noticing no bra strap between her shoulder blades as he reached up to her neck. He gently pulled her head to his kiss flicking his tongue against her lips before sliding it into her mouth. She returned the motion as their tongues met and slowly caressed each other within their mouths.

Angelo reached above Rose's head to the dagger still imbedded in the wall since removing her mask. Pulling it out of the wall, he moved slowly away from the beauty perched on his dresser. She looked at him pleadingly to return to where he was, slightly worried that the weapon was now in his hand. 

"Sit very still my dear," he cautioned. With four deft slices, he cut a large X across her chest and two lines down her arms. The shirt fell in pieces to the dresser and floor exposing a few more darts. Angelo kicked them to the side carefully, to avoid stepping on them while he was otherwise occupied. Angelo admired his handiwork as his fingers traced the lines the kunai had followed in removing the pesky garment. Not a single cut or mark could be found on Rose's perfect skin; however, Angelo enjoyed the brief gasp that escaped from Roses lips as his fingers brushed up along her breasts and across her nipples. 

"Good thing this room isn't any colder or I might have taken one of these little beauties off with your little blade," he purred with a twinkle in his eye. Just for emphasis he brushed against her buds which began to harden due to the extra attention.  

"Oh shut up and get back in here," she demanded. Without even waiting for him to move, Rose reached out with her feet and hands to pull Angelo back to her waiting body. As they merged once more in a flurry of kisses and caresses they both enjoyed the feel of their merged chests. Even with the small amount of teasing and large amount of kissing Angelo could feel a bit of moisture against his navel where his body and hers met. Although, he realized this could easily be sweat from the exertion either pre or post romantic overtures; Angelo preferred to take this as a good sign of the coming activities. 

Even with their bodies pressed close together and their arms clasped around each other, Angelo began to spread his fingers along Rose's naked torso. Every time the tips of his fingers brushed against her breasts, squished as they were against his own, he could feel her shudder. On the rare occasion when their lips were not touching at that moment, he delighted in the gasps or moans that escaped her mouth. Rose kept herself busy as well. Both her arms and legs wrapped around the young gentleman, she slowly rubbed her calves against the small of his back. She explored every inch of his exposed back with her hands even as she slid one up to his face to tease him with feather-light touches wherever she could reach, without interfering with the connection of their lips. As she massaged his head and toyed with Angelo's hair; she decided the dresser wasn't affording enough room to play and pushed off into Angelo's arms. 

Taking the hint, he carried her backwards the few feet till they could fall together onto his luxurious bed. Allowing Rose to make herself comfortable amid his pillows, Angelo slowly approached her carefully crawling up the length of the bed while both hands slid along the outside of Rose's skin tight pants. Once his knees reached about the same point as hers, he stopped as she reached out to stroke his shoulders and arms. 

"Just to be doubly sure," he commented with that same twinkle in his eye. "I better check for any additional weapons you have tucked away."

Rose almost looked hurt before she realized exactly what this 'checking' entailed. Starting at the tips of her toes, Angelo moved both hands along Rose's foot massaging gently as he traveled up the length of her leg. He left no aspect of her covered body untouched. He kept one eye on his own movement and one eye on Rose who occasionally bit her lip slightly or gasped at his motion. As Angelo's hands made their way up Rose's left thigh, and just before the niche between his thumb and forefinger brushed against her covered crotch he moved his left hand outside her leg to continue the examination up to her waistline before slipping both hands underneath her to give her ass cheeks a good squeeze. With one pathway completed, Angelo started once again at the very tip of Rose's right toes. This time, when he reached the top of Rose's thighs he could hear an audible moan almost begging him to keep going. Again, he carefully changed the positions of his hands to explore the outside of her leg. 

Finally, he placed his hands on both of Rose's thighs as he slowly inched them inward staring straight into her eyes. Once both thumbs reached where the inseam would have been on Rose's pants, he began to inch them upward to meet the V of her legs. He could see the anticipation apparent in her eyes as he moved ever closer before he stopped on each side of her covered vagina and slid both thumbs along her crotch with a small amount of pressure. Angelo could almost feel the rush of air Rose released when she realized she had been holding her breath. He could tell the momentary contact was not enough for her though and returned to the 'search.' This time, he allowed his thumb to brush directly over her slit with just the slightest pressure as a moan of unmistakable pleasure escaped from Rose's amazing lips. Angelo smiled as he noticed just how wet this beautiful woman had gotten in the time since their first kiss. As he increases the pressure with each stroke of her covered wetness, Rose began to pant faster and faster. Finally she couldn't take anymore as she grabbed his arm and pulled him up to meet her mouth once more in an orgy of kisses. Showing great dexterity she must have previously employed in her profession, Rose used her covered toes to reach up and slide Angelo's pants off in one fluid motion as he came up to meet her.

"I was hoping you wouldn't have any annoying underwear on," she commented as she felt his erection slide against her still covered crotch. Before he could respond she covered his mouth with hers as she pulled his head down to facilitate a deep passionate kiss. Angelo began to rub against her but despite the ease with which he slid across the material encasing her legs; he felt the need to feel her bare skin against his. Reaching up to the headboard, he pulled the last dagger Rose had attempted to throw out of the wood. Releasing her lips for a brief moment, he kneeled in front of her and with two lengthy cuts of an expert swordsman the skintight pants fell from her body. With a smooth motion Angelo pulled the split garment from Rose's legs, threw them across the room, and slid back into position. As he felt his penis slide along Rose's dripping pussy, a moan escaped from them both before it was covered in the flood of kisses as their lips met once again. 

Angelo began to slide up and down against Rose's body. As their lips broke he laid his head on her shoulder to rest and concentrate on the deliberate motion of his loins. He moved his pole along Rose's vagina gently spreading her fluids along his shaft. Being mindful only to tease, he didn't want to enter her just yet. Rose had her own ideas in mind; however, as she kissed along Angelo's cheek moving to his neck. He felt her hot breath on his neck as she kissed him softly. Rose traced kisses slowly up Angelo's neck until he could both feel and hear her pant into his ear. When she took his earlobe into his mouth he almost slipped inside her too soon. He was trying to tease her for both their pleasure but Rose's action caught him by surprise. She gently nibbled and sucked on his ear until uncontrolled teasing just wasn't enough for him anymore.

He lovingly slid his hand along Rose's leg as she continued to flick her tongue across the ear trapped between her luscious lips. Shifting his weight, Angelo straddled Rose's leg as his hand made the move to the inside of her leg. Rose released his ear with the change in position only to have her oral way with his neck. As she began working on a hicky that would last for weeks; Angelo's hand reached the crux of her legs gently cupping her dripping vagina.

He hesitated only long enough to enjoy the sensation of her fluids against his palm before sliding his middle finger up and down her slit. Angelo carefully teased her with his finger along the outside of her pussy. He felt every inch of her slowly building the anticipation before pushing his finger straight into Rose's sex. Slickened by her fluids, the finger's journey was eased but was not without effect. Angelo delighted at the moan released into his neck as arcs of tingling pleasure raced through Rose's body. After the initial entrance, Angelo moved his finger in and out of Rose exploring every inch of her slowly and deliberately. Rose, feeling her growing lust for the man thrusting his finger in and out of her vagina, moved her mouth from his neck back to his lips and used her hands to hold her new lover to her body.
