 Sliding off of him, I kissed him deeply, my hands roaming over his chest, tracing the tattoo I found there. I knew as I lay there that I should get up and find my way back to my own room. Getting caught where I was, doing what I had just done was specifically on the list of things I wanted to avoid while I was deployed. But I couldn't move. The long days and general fatigue of being deployed combined with the deep post-orgasmic relaxation made my body feel like a cross between lead and jell-o. Unable to stop myself, I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep beside him. 

I wasn't sure how long I had been asleep, but I woke up some time later to the feel of a mouth on my breast. Fuzzy at first, I thought I must be dreaming, but as the fog lifted I slowly came back to reality and remembered my surroundings. Smiling, I reached out to caress his shaved head. 

"Hi," I said quietly. 

"Oh, did I wake you?" he asked mischievously as his licked my nipple. 

"Mmmhmmm. But this is SO much better than my alarm clock," I replied. 

"Good. Of course, I don't come with a snooze button, but I could stop if you would rather go back to sleep..." as he spoke he reached down to stroke my pussy.

"Don't you dare stop," I said, opening my legs a little wider. 

"Oh, you like this?" he teased, feeling my body respond to his fingers. 

"I do," I said as I reached for his cock. "Do you?" I squeezed him and began to stroke his shaft. "I mean, if you get to touch me, then it's only fair, right?"

"Oh I'm all about fair," he said. 

"Well in that case..." I pushed him down on the bed and straddled him upside down. "This should be a very good arrangement then, huh?" I grabbed his throbbing cock and began to lick the tip as I stroked it. 

Smiling, he spread my legs a little further and buried his face in my pussy. 

Taking his cock in my mouth, I moaned as I felt his tongue find my clit. Determined to blow his concentration first, I began to caress his balls while I sucked his dick, running my fingernails very lightly over them. 

As his tongue brought me closer to the edge, I stroked faster. Massaging with my tongue, I sucked harder and felt his body stiffen and his already rigid cock swell in my mouth. Unwilling to stop, I kept going as his hips began to buck and I felt the first streams of hot cum in my mouth. Sucking and swallowing until the spasms subsided, I released his softening cock, watching him jump as I gave his head one last lick. 

"Uhhhhnnnnggghhh," he groaned.

"I agree," I replied, righting myself beside him again. "Nothing like breakfast in bed." 

Glancing at the small digital clock beside his bed, I saw that I only had a few more hours until my next shift and maybe only a few more minutes until daylight. 

"You'll have to forgive me for running out on you," I said, kissing his tattoo. "But we both know I can't be seen leaving here and it'll start getting light out any minute if it hasn't already." I quickly threw on my t-shirt and shorts and found my flip flops where I had kicked them off. "I'll have to start wandering in to the wrong room more often!" 

"Oh yeah!" he said, grabbing my wrist and pulling me back for a kiss before I could escape. "You should plan on it."

With that, I quickly ducked out the door and hurried back to my room. The light had just started to break so I had no trouble seeing where I was going and I managed to make it into my trailer without anyone seeing me. 

"Where have you been?" Lisa asked groggily when she heard me come in. 

"Shhh! Sorry! I didn't mean to wake you. Go back to sleep." I whispered as I crawled into my own tiny bed. I set my alarm for a few hours later and was asleep almost as my head hit the pillow. 

Careful not to wake Lisa again when I got up, I quietly got ready and headed to the JOC. I glanced down the row of trailers to his door as I passed, but I didn't see anyone. Not that I was expecting him to be standing there, really. I just wanted to catch a glimpse of him to be sure that it really happened and that I hadn't just hallucinated the whole thing after a long day and one too many anti-malaria pills. 

But I didn't see him all morning and I began to wonder who he was and what he was assigned to do since he didn't seem to work in the JOC or the facility next door. By the time I headed to the DFAC to meet Lisa for lunch I had just about managed to focus on work and I congratulated myself for reading two whole reports without my brain interrupting with sizzling images and memories from the night before. My concentration streak was broken, however, before I could even make it to a table with my tray. 

Grabbing my arm and hustling me to a table in the corner, Lisa looked like she was about to explode. "Oh my god! Where were you last night?" she whispered. "You weren't there when I got in and I only vaguely remember you coming in this morning."

"Leez! Keep your voice down!" I hissed. "I accidentally walked into the wrong room on my way back from the shower, that's all. I was really tired."

"AND?!!?!?" she demanded. "That couldn't have taken more than a minute to figure out -- you were gone for hours!"

"Well..." I started. 

"Oh my god! What did you do?"

"If you say anything about this I swear to god I'll kill you myself..."

"Come on Julie! Spill!"

"Well, remember that guy we were checking out yesterday?" I said quietly. "It was his room that I walked into by accident."

"Oh my GOD! What happened? Never mind. I know what happened. The look on your face says it all. Tell me about it! What was he like? How was it?"

"All I will say is that it was really hot... and his ass really is that perfect." I smiled. 

"Come on! You can't just leave it at that! The curiosity is going to kill me! Besides, we always talk about sex."

"Sorry Leez! That's all you get." 

"Well we'll see about that. I'll let you off the hook for now, but don't think you're in the clear entirely. You owe me at least a few details. How else am I supposed to live vicariously??"

Reluctantly, she let it drop and we chatted about other things as we ate. Lisa and I did have a lot in common. She was about my age and had a lot of the same tastes and interests I did. I was assigned to her room when I arrived and we had become fast friends. Our shifts didn't overlap perfectly, but she had gotten up early with me on my first day to show me the ropes and introduce me to everyone. I still ran next door to her every time I had a question and she was always willing to help. 

After lunch, we headed back to work and I tried to focus on the words on my screen instead of the flashbacks in my head. By the time I left the last shift change meeting though, I knew that was it. I wasn't going to get anything else done as I simply couldn't manage to focus on anything besides the night before. I hurried back to my trailer, eager to get my stuff and go take a shower.

It wasn't until I reached for my flip flops that I realized I had left my towel and all my shower stuff in his room. Glancing around to see if anyone was coming, I quickly headed down the row and knocked quietly. Not hearing an answer, I hesitated only briefly before stepping inside. There was no one in the room and I found my towel hanging neatly on a hook on the side of the locker with my shower kit on the floor below it. Grabbing it, I hurried out and headed to the shower, hoping no one had seen me. 

It wasn't until I got to the shower that I saw the note. Tucked in between my shampoo and conditioner, it read, "Breakfast in bed? My treat." 

Smiling, I tucked the note into my bag and stepped into the shower. Before I could really relax, I heard the door open and several other women come in and I silently cursed the shift change. Usually I stayed a little later and I missed the shower crowd, but today I wasn't going to get my tranquil time alone. Disappointed, I hurriedly showered, dressed and headed back to my trailer. 

Rereading the note as I sat on my bed combing out my wet hair, I thought about him. I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but I knew I wanted to see him again. It was still too early to wander down to his room, for at least an hour after the shift change there would be people milling about everywhere and I knew I should probably wait even longer than that to be sure no one saw me. But it was so hard to wait.

I lay there and thought about the way he felt next to me... and on top of me... and inside me... I remembered the feel of his body and his tongue, the way his hands moved, and the way his perfect cock twitched in my mouth before he came. As I reminisced, I got really turned on and I could feel myself getting wet. Figuring I had plenty of time before Lisa got back or before it was safe to walk down to his room, I reached under my bed for my box of toys. 

Lisa really had been great at giving me a proper orientation to deployed life but the hint that I appreciated most was that Amazon.com had more than books and movies and they shipped to APO addresses. I owed her immensely for those insights. 

I took out my favorite vibrator, a smooth purple silicone shaft with a deliciously perfect little flared head, and relaxed into my reverie. Tossing my clothes to the foot of the bed, I lay back and closed my eyes, imagining his touch as my hands skimmed my body. As images from the previous night's pleasures flooded my brain, I got wetter and more restless. Reaching down, I slid a finger along my pussy lips, feeling my arousal. 

My trance was interrupted by the sound of the mortar siren and what I hoped was outgoing fire. In no mood to actually stop and seek shelter anywhere else, I blessed the digital age and reached into my bag for my iPod and selected a playlist of my favorite porn video clips to drown out the noise. I preferred European porn since the dialogue in pretty much all porn was usually inane and it was easier to ignore when it wasn't in English. 

Slowly getting back into my groove, I slid the vibe up and down my slit, delighting in the smooth feel of the rubbery silicone against my wet pussy. Remembering the feel of his cock, I slowly inserted the vibe, pumping it in and out in shallow strokes as I listened and watched the tiny on-screen couple get down to business. 

Keeping up with my digital companions, I turned up the intensity and began to move my hips, thrusting against the vibe as my orgasm neared. Unaware that I was moaning softly to myself, I squeezed my eyes shut as I felt my body tumble over the edge and wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. 

Unable to stand the sensation any longer, I quickly clicked the button to silence the vibe but didn't immediately withdraw it as I enjoyed the sensation of being full for another minute.

"God that feels good but his cock felt SO much better," I said aloud to my empty room. 

"I knew it! You slut!" Lisa lightly smacked me as she sat down on my bed. 

I jumped near out of my skin as my eyes flew open. "LISA! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING HERE?!?! YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE OFF SHIFT YET!" I reached for the blanket at the foot of the bed to cover myself. 

"Calm down Jul. I know I surprised you, but you've hardly shocked me. I told you where you could buy that and I assumed that you weren't getting that stuff to be decorative."

"Geez Leez. You could have knocked first or something at least," I said. 

"Are you kidding? I never knock. And I thought I heard you moaning just a little when I got to the door so I wasn't about to interrupt then and um... break your concentration."

"Gee, thanks," I replied.

"Oh come on. Everybody needs to unwind. Relax. It's not a big deal. Besides, I think it's kinda hot..." she said. "Especially since I know you had to be thinking about whatever you were up to last night when you didn't come home for hours. But seriously, now you HAVE to tell me about it. Consider it buying my silence."

"Bitch."

"Ok, so don't tell me. I'll guess. You can merely confirm or deny."

I wasn't sure exactly what was happening, but Lisa had that look in her eye that said she was about to get into some kind of trouble. It became instantly clearer as she reached out to take the edge of the blanket and pulled it down.

"Close your eyes, relax, and just tell me... did he do this?" she asked as she licked my nipple. 

Unable to answer her immediately, I bit my lip and slowly nodded.

"Oh I'll bet you liked that. How about this?" she asked, as she slowly caressed my body. 

Again I nodded. 

"Mmmhmmm. And what about this?" Lisa asked, slowly placing her mouth over my pussy and giving it several long licks. 

"Oohhhh..." I sighed, unconsciously responding to her tongue. 

Spreading my lips with her fingers she continued to lick and suck, teasing my clit. Lost in the feeling, I grabbed my breast, squeezing my nipple. Pulling me closer, she thrust her tongue into me, humming into my pussy to vibrate it against me. 

Feeling me respond, she began to lick and suck on my clit and slid two fingers into my wet cunt, smiling as she felt my pelvic muscles grip them and try to draw them further in. Sliding them in and out, she began to fuck me harder with her fingers as she flicked her tongue across my clit. 

Unable to resist, I felt the beginnings of another orgasm and as her rhythm increased I ground my pussy into her and began to thrust against her fingers, my orgasm ripping through my body as she sucked hard on my clit. 

As soon as I stopped spasming uncontrollably, I felt Lisa withdraw her hand as she sat up and smiled at me. 

"So next time, are you going to make me guess or are you just going to tell me?" she asked playfully.