 Closing my eyes, I could still see the screen in front of me. No matter what, there was always more to read. Every day from noon until 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning I was there, reading, asking questions, reporting what I found and making recommendations. That didn't leave much time for anything else, including sleep, and my few diversions consisted of shift change meetings and uninspiring visits to the DFAC. I had settled into a routine and decided it was going to be a long four months. 

One evening as I walking back with my friend Lisa through the blistering Iraqi heat from another slightly nauseating round of plain noodles, soggy broccoli, and some unidentifiable meat-like substance, I saw a new guy waiting at the ECP, talking to guards about where he could drop off his gear. The one positive thing about the place, I had to admit, was the scenery. There were lots of incredibly attractive, unbelievably fit men running around in the smallest shorts I'd ever seen apart from my 8 year-old niece's dance costumes. And while he was wearing regular clothes and not my favorite little black shorts, I couldn't help but stare at the guy as I walked by. He didn't look much different than most of my favorite scenery -- tall, shaved head, broad shoulders, great ass -- but something about him just looked like more fun than any of the others. 

While the enormously lop-sided ration of men to women was something I was particularly fond of, it did make everyone look at you and say hello when you walked by and my attempt at smooth and surreptitious thus failed miserably when he caught me checking him out. The best I could do was just to look him in the eye and smile, admitting without words that I had, in fact, been staring at his ass and daring him to do anything about it. 

As soon as we were out of earshot I turned to Lisa. "Oh my God! Did you see that guy? He totally caught me checking him out!" 

Already laughing at me, she replied, "Yeah, but come on. He was hot. You couldn't not look. He'll get over it. I'm sure he was flattered." Two steps later she added, "After all, how many dusty, dirty, sweaty women in oversize T-shirts and cargo pants have probably checked him out since he arrived?" 

"Bitch!" I said as I jokingly shoved her towards the concrete barriers lining the sidewalk. "Besides, you looked too. I know you did." 

"Well, yeah, maybe just for a second," she admitted. 

Lisa didn't say anything about him for the rest of night and I had almost forgotten the incident as I walked back through the dark towards my trailer. It had been a long day and I was looking forward to a nice cool shower and a few uninterrupted hours of sleep. Grabbing my shower kit and towel, I changed from boots into flip flops and headed through the dark rows of trailers towards the showers. Not nearly as good as my bathroom or shower at home, it was still one of the best parts of my day... washing off the dust and grime that managed to permeate every layer of clothing and getting rid of the Iraq Smell, as I called it. I always felt more like myself after a shower and more like a woman, softer and clean-smelling. Both because of the hours I worked and because there just weren't many women there period, I usually had the whole shower trailer to myself. Deciding to take advantage of the moment, I closed my eyes and pictured the new guy... staring at me while I stared back at him, smiling. With the water running over my body, I thought about what it would feel like to get my hands on him... and to feel his hands on me. I slowly reached down to touch myself, mildly surprised at how aroused I was just thinking about him. Fingering myself to orgasm I smiled, thinking that this is what I would be thinking of the next time I saw him. 

Turning off the water, I stepped out of the shower to towel off and threw on my gym shorts and T-shirt for the walk back to my trailer. No matter what I decided to wear to bed (or what I decided not to wear) I knew better than to walk back in a towel. 

As I disappeared between the rows of sandbagged trailers, I lost count of how many I had passed and missed my usual landmark of where to turn. Thinking I couldn't have gone more than one row beyond my own, I turned around and walked back one row to my door. 

I walked inside the dark room and closed the door, but realized something was wrong as soon as I went to hang up my towel. I stubbed my toe hard on something I didn't remember leaving on the floor and I sat down on the bed, cursing loudly. My toe was quickly forgotten, however, as I felt movement on the bed beside me. A split second later there was a strong arm pinning me to the bed as a light clicked on. 

In the light from the bedside lamp I saw that I had obviously entered the wrong trailer and instead of being in my own room in my own bed, I was in his. His. The guy from the ECP. The guy I had just been fantasizing about in the shower. I blushed deep red as he looked at me. 

"...Sorry..." I managed after a second, "Wrong room."

"Not at all," he replied. He seemed content to just stare at me and made no move to let me up. Slowly I became aware that I had nothing on beneath my t-shirt and my nipples hardened beneath his gaze. 

"Are you going to let me up?" I asked. 

"That depends," he replied. "Do you want me to?" 

Unable to answer him immediately, I closed my eyes as he slowly traced his free hand down my body. Responding to his touch, I shuddered beside him, breathing harder as my mind raced to consider the possibilities of the situation. 

Clearly not objecting so far, he leaned down and kissed me. I knew then that all was lost. I couldn't stifle the moan that escaped as his mouth moved from my mouth to my neck. My hands reached out, seeking his body, wanting to pull him closer. 

Realizing that I wasn't able to reach what I wanted, his quickly released me from his grip and allowed me to move closer to him on the small bed. Kicking off my flip flops, I stretched out my legs and pushed myself up from the foot of the bed until I was parallel with him. 

As I wrapped my arms around his sheet-covered body, I realized he was naked, not just shirtless, and I felt a tingling warmth spread through my body at the thought. Grabbing his perfect ass, I pulled his hips to mine, feeling the length of his hard cock against me. 

Reaching beneath my flimsy shirt, he cupped my breast, squeezing and kneading it as I continued to grind my hips against him. Kissing me deeply once more, he grasped my wrists in one hand and held them over my head as his other hand slid beneath the waistband of my shorts. Smiling as he found nothing under them but a small patch of neatly trimmed hair, he covered my pussy with his palm and plunged two fingers into my wet hole. 

Unable to stop myself, I felt my hips buck to push against his hand, willing him to reach deeper into me. Slowly thrusting them in and out, he relished the feel of my wet pussy at his fingertips. As my breathing became shallower and my body more urgent, he wickedly withdrew his hand, grazing my clit. 

Smiling at my look of lust and outrage combined, he slowly removed my shorts, kissed the top of my thigh, and slowly licked up the length of my slit. Feeling my whole body squirm beneath him, he spread my lips with his fingers and slowly began to circle my clit with his tongue. Moaning as I began to grind against his face, I felt my orgasm building. Sensing I was close to the edge, he slid his fingers back inside as he began to suck on my clit and I couldn't take any more. My orgasm rocked my body as I felt myself cumming on his mouth, my legs locked around him as I rode wave after wave of pleasure. 

Slowly withdrawing his fingers as my body began to relax, he lightly kissed the top of my pubic mound. 

"Hi," he said, "My name is John."

"Mmmmmhhhhhnnnnnn" was all I could manage. 

"Nice to meet you, too."

With that, he sat up and helped me out of my shirt. Feeling my bare chest again his as he pulled me to him was incredibly hot. I couldn't keep my hands off of him as we kissed and tongued one another. Throwing off the sheet, he rolled over, pulling me on top of him. Bringing my legs up to straddle him, I could feel the head of his hard cock pressing into me and as I leaned forward, I felt it slide along my wet slit. Moving just slightly, I spread my legs wider and raised myself up until I felt his head slide into just the right position. I slid down, taking the length of him into me all at once, gasping as I felt him fill me, inch by inch. Holding myself there for a second, getting accustomed to the feeling of being impaled on his hard cock, I leaned back and began to grind my hips against him, feeling him moving inside me. Unable to keep it slow and steady, I began to rock faster, bouncing myself up and down on his shaft. 

Wanting to make sure I felt every inch, he began to thrust his hips up to meet me, driving his cock deeper into me with each stroke. In minutes my body was again on the brink, vibrating with intensity each time he slammed his cock into me. Arching my back and grabbing his thighs behind me, I tumbled over the edge as his thumb brushed my clit. I rode him hard as wave after wave crashed over me. I felt his body tense beneath me and he grabbed me and crushed me to him, pumping me full of his hot cum. 

"Oh my GOD," I whispered as soon as I could manage words. 

"No, no... it's John," he replied, smiling. 

**********

to be continued...