 Teresa had assured herself that Sister Claire enjoyed being compliant when it came to sexual matters. It was not that she lacked confidence or her own desires. And Teresa knew her younger charge had never thought of sex in such terms as "submissive". But it was clear she enjoyed the idea of others taking pleasure from her. She was happy for her lovers to take the lead and, even more, never questioned an authority figure when it came to sexual demands. It was obvious, to Teresa at least, that Claire intended to give her anal virginity to Father John in an act of devotion. Such an attitude promised much from the perky Sister Claire.

"I know you've never had any sexual fun with another woman," she had said straight out to Claire. The night when she had allowed Sister Teresa to fuck her with a dildo hardly counted. "I think we should arrange for you to try a little bit and see if maybe you have some talents in that area." Teresa herself had understood that logic when her own supervisor, Mother Mary, had made the same suggestion. "But Sister," she had asked, "Isn't this a worse kind of sin? Woman lying with woman." But Sister Mary, as she'd been then, had been firm that the beauty of the female body was such that there really could be no sin attached to lesbian exploration. 

Claire no longer thought of illicit sex as "sinful" -- whether with priests or nuns. A week earlier she'd been fucked from behind while lying over Father John's desk. She still got wet from the memory of his balls slapping against her clit as he'd driven his delicious cock deep into her hole. She'd known that day she'd never again resist an opportunity with the secret sex society. 

So it was that several nights later Claire found herself naked in Teresa's bed. It was only the second time in her life that Claire had been fully naked before another female. She found herself admiring the older woman's body. Teresa had a slimmer figure and much larger breasts that Claire envied. 

"I'm nervous Sister," she confessed to the older woman. "I don't know what to do." Teresa had smiled and hugged Claire closer, pressing their tits together. "You can say no to anything," her supervisor had whispered. "But let me teach you some new pleasures."

They cuddled until Teresa moved her hands to the younger woman's tits. Claire followed her lead and each fondled and squeezed the tits of the other. Claire became really aroused when Sister Teresa placed her mouth over one nipple and gently sucked and licked on it. Claire had thick nipples that hardened so nicely when stimulated and she soon started moaning her pleasures to the other woman. Claire was happy to reciprocate, keen to explore those amazing globes. She sucked eagerly and tried to imitate Teresa as she flicked her tongue across the hard, pale teats. 

When Teresa started whispering to her, "bite them", Claire could not resist despite being so close to the crucifix that lay in the cleavage of her supervisor. "Bite me," Teresa urged her again. The older nun loved to have her tits treated roughly. "Harder... hurt them." Finally Claire threw caution to the wind and bit down hard and rough on the others tit flesh and especially her nipples. She was surprised and delighted by the small orgasm Teresa enjoyed.

Then, with a wide smile, the older woman pushed Claire's thighs apart and used her fingers to make her clitoris swollen and hard and her cunt ooze. Teresa held Claire tight as she inserted two fingers into the other woman's hole, kissing her neck and her tits to show that lesbian sex could be soft as well as rough. Claire had been unsure about whether she could be sexual with a woman. But she felt grateful to Sister Teresa and had been curious about the invitation for experimentation. Teresa's skilled touch was convincing Claire that she wanted more. When Teresa moved her mouth onto Claire's tits, sucking them as she carefully fingered her hole, Claire knew she was going to explode for her supervisor.

Teresa allowed Claire to finish cumming and then she brought her fingers to the other woman's lips. The younger nun, unsure, opened her mouth and Teresa slid the two wet fingers into her mouth. Claire instinctively sucked the fingers, tasting her own cunt as she had never done before. The taste was quite pleasant, she had to admit, remembering the taste of Teresa's juices on Bob Watson's cock.

Her supervisor splayed her own thighs casually. "Kiss me," Teresa ordered softly. Claire moved to obey, lying on her tummy with her face next to the other nun's sex. "Kiss me," Teresa ordered again. Her cunt was sopping and her lips were swollen and unfurled. Claire moved forward and pressed her mouth to the other woman's cunt. When she heard the moan of relief from Teresa she did it again, pressing harder and longer and getting the full aroma of the other woman's lust.

"Oh Sister," Teresa muttered. She was too far gone to exercise her usual restraint. "I need you," she mumbled and grabbed at Claire, pulling the other nun into her crotch. Claire was happy to be shown what to do as for the very first time she pushed her tongue between the soft, wet folds of a woman's cunt. 

The response was immediate and it thrilled Claire. The moans of release and delight coming from Teresa inspired Claire to continue and she ran her tongue between those hot wet folds. Claire loved the groans of pleasure she received from men, especially priests. Teresa's sounds were different but unmistakeable all the same -- she was desperate for a cunt licking and the eager, inexperienced tongue was just what she had needed. 

"Stick your tongue in," gasped Teresa. "In my hole." She almost screamed as Claire shoved her tongue into that hot hole and tasted the gush of the nun's cunt juice. Teresa was pulling at her nipples, in the throes of her climactic release. It was even more exciting to teach, and to corrupt, the younger woman. 

"Your fingers," she cried out next. "Stick your fingers in me." Still eager to please, Claire started fucking the other nun with two fingers, plunging them deep into the gushing hole. "Lick my clit," gasped Teresa, almost begging for it. Claire loved the sensation of that hard nub under the tip of her tongue. She licked the clit just the way she wanted men to lick hers. Still vigorously fingering the other woman's hole, Claire knew she was clumsy and cursed her lack of experience. But it hardly seemed to affect her new lover who was writhing on the bed at the height of her sexual release. Teresa came hard and her orgasms seemed unstoppable and Claire knew then she'd want more practice fucking with a woman.

Finally needing a spell, still panting, Teresa released her fellow nun and the two lay together. 

"I'm sorry," confessed Claire. "I'm not very good yet."

"Oh Sister," said her supervisor and mentor. "You don't have to worry about a thing. You were perfect."

Inspired by the praise, still eager to please her superior, Claire had a sudden thought. "Can I lick you some more, Sister?" she asked. 'Is it OK if I lick your bottom?"

Teresa smiled and relaxed. Young Claire had not yet picked up that Teresa was not into anal sex. But she had learned recently how pleasant it was to have her own arsehole licked. Teresa moaned her consent and rolled over so that Claire could gently spread her butt cheeks.

The younger nun flicked the tip of her tongue over that soft, warm hole. She was a little surprised at how it good tasted, not as nasty as she'd expected. But, after her earlier efforts, Teresa's butthole had a fresh coating of cunt juice and saliva. Claire wasn't sure what to do but Father John was a good guide. She gave a full stroke of her tongue, licking across the other woman's anus. Then she licked more, pressing her tongue deeper into that tight place. 

Teresa was right -- Claire was curious about the female shit hole and how it behaved when stimulated. John was preparing her nicely for the inevitable anal fuck and giving a rimjob would make Claire even more ready. Besides, though she didn't like to admit it, having her backdoor tongues was quite a turn-on for the older nun. It wasn't long before Teresa was ready for more play. This time she was the one lying between the other woman's legs, her face close to the bare-shaven cunt lips. 

Claire felt it wrong to allow Teresa to lick at her slit yet she had no real chance of resisting. The nun's lips felt so good, the touch of her tongue amazing. By the time Teresa was sucking on her clit Claire was helpless to prevent a stream of blasphemy. "Oh Christ, Sister" she called out as she drowned in her new world of bisexual pleasure. 

"Oh God, Jesus," she uttered as Teresa's tongue moved between her spasming hole and her hardened clit. Oral pleasure was something else she'd denied herself for years -- how grateful she was now for finding her way to the secret sex circle of the Order of the Mount. Teresa knew just when to push her new lover over the edge and shoved a finger deep into Claire's fuck hole. She curled it expertly, stroking the front of the other woman's cunt. Claire was tearing at the sheets. She was sure she would pass out from the ecstacy of these orgasms just as Teresa was wondering when she'd be able to introduce Claire to the lesbians amongst the Order. 

Claire's face was contorted into the mask of shock that women so often have as their climax passes. Teresa let her be for just a moment, ready for the next phase. As Claire huffed and puffed, drained momentarily, Teresa fetched some silk scarves from her drawer and quickly tied the young woman to the bed -- her wrists and her ankles both so she was nicely spreadeagled. Claire had never been tied up but Teresa ignored the odd look she gave her.

"I need to hush that dirty little mouth of yours," said Teresa with a wicked grin. 

"Oh Sister, you can do anything you want to me," came the panted reply. But her eyes grew wide when her supervisor produced a large vibrator, thick and black -- almost the same size as Bob Watson.

Teresa pretended not to notice as she moved into position -- like a "69" only this time the pleasure would be all hers. "Eat me Sister," she instructed as she shoved her cunt into the face of the younger nun. Claire was game after all, and eager to please, and she no longer could be shocked at the sexual demands of the clergy. She smelled the aroma of the other woman's arousal and felt those big tits pressed against her own body as her supervisor forced her cunt onto Claire's face, covering her in juices. 

There was nothing Claire could do. She was tied to the bed and pinned down by the weight of the other nun. It felt so debauched and so hot! She did her best to lick and suck the hot, gushing cunt until she felt and tasted another surge of orgasms. Teresa ground her cunt against the younger woman's face, hungry and impressed at Claire's natural ability to eat a woman. 

Then Claire spun around, her body still wracked with her own orgasms. The sight and smell of her own juices smeared across Claire's face were sure to keep her aroused and eager for more play. Gently she spread Claire's cunt and started to push the end of the black vibrator into the young nun. 

"Oh Sister," cried Claire. "Be careful. Its big."

Teresa moved up the bed and started to lick up her juices from the other nun's face. But Teresa was in no mood now for mercy. "Don't resist," she muttered to Claire and began to force the buzzing black toy deeper and deeper. "You need a good fucking before the party next month." Claire had no time to ask about that as she felt the buzzing cock stretch the walls of her cunt. It felt so big inside her. 

She tried not to blaspheme but it really was no use. Claire knew she was totally at the mercy of her supervisor. "Oh fuck," she gasped, pulling at the ties that held her wide on the bed. 

Sister Teresa really didn't care if she hurt the young slut. She clamped her mouth over Claire's tits and licked and sucked on the younger nun as the rubber cock went deeper and faster. 

Claire screamed and thrashed against her binds but the truth was she was loving being so filled up, loving being fucked senseless by another woman -- by another member of the cloth. She lost count of the number of orgasms that swept through her helpless body as her religious superior fucked her once innocent hole with that big, evil sex toy. Later, Claire wouldn't be able to tell which was the best part -- the biggest cock she'd ever taken, being tied firmly to the bed or allowing herself to be taken in that way by another nun.

Finally Teresa felt her young charge start to wane. It was time to stop - Claire would be sore the next day but Teresa had chosen that big toy for a reason. The younger woman did not move as Teresa untied her binds. She pulled Claire in close, trying to give Teresa pulled her in close, trying to give comfort and reassurance at the same time. Claire was exhausted, exhilarated and totally fucked. She'd never in her life had a sex session like it. But she was still feeling grateful and respectful towards her sinning supervisor. Once more she nuzzled against those impressive tits.

"That was the most amazing thing," she murmured to Teresa. "But what does it mean? What happens now?"

Teresa brushed the hair back from Claire's face. She could not help but admire that Claire was so willing to please and so obedient. Perhaps she'd give her to Mother Mary -- the head of the Order of the Mount was a natural dominant and perhaps she'd be keen to "train" Claire more formally. There was also the matter of the lesbian nuns - Marian deserved a new treat but surely Sister Mercy would know just how to use the newly bisexual Sister Claire. But that was not the plan -- at least not yet. Claire still had one step before she was fully initiated into the secret society. 

"There is another party, next month," Teresa said softly. "Maybe half a dozen of us enjoying an evening of fucking. Perhaps you'd like to join us?"

Claire's response was to start suckling anew on Sister Teresa's fulsome tits. If the sex party was like this -- forbidden and thrilling -- she felt she could hardly wait.

**************** Two weeks later Sister Teresa confirmed the time and place for the "religious orgy". She wouldn't tell Claire who would be there, just that it would be a "small" party -- only three nuns and four eager men with their hard cocks.

The waiting was already driving Claire almost mad. For reasons she couldn't fathom, suddenly she was getting almost no sexual contact. Even Father John had been restricting her to blowjobs twice a week. Claire didn't mind that so much -- she loved the priest's cock and was always glad to swallow his yummy cum. She wondered if she was failing to please Father John in some way and twice invited him to deliver a facial. He'd done so gladly, depositing thick ropes of cum on her face and in her hair. But he didn't fuck her and the nun's cunt was starting to ache for it.

She left a message for Father Filippo, hoping that if she offered herself he would take the bait. He was polite, of course, but non-committal.

Doctor Gary called her in for an appointment. Sister Claire dutifully arrived at his office expecting the usual "check-up". As always, she stripped for the doctor and lay on his table with her legs nicely parted, She was hoping more than anything to entice the good doctor to screw her once more. He felt her up, as normal, and this time Claire didn't mind the wetness oozing from her cunt. When he tweaked her erect nipples the poor woman nearly begged him to fuck her right then.

With his usual excuses the doctor inspected her cunt. She had had quite a lot more sex than usual of late. "I should make sure you are responding well," he muttered. His fingers were so delicate as he parted her labia, stroked over her entrance and flicked across the tip of her clit. The poor nun was almost beside herself as she waited for penetration that never came.

Was she masturbating still? "Oh, yes doctor," she gasped. More than ever in fact since she'd not been fucked in over two weeks.

"Using the butt plugs too?" Claire nodded, having lost her shame of late and now her voice as well. Doctor Gary commented that he should "check just to be sure" and spread a good measure of lube over two fingers of his gloved right hand. He was well aware of Claire's plight and had to hide a grin as he gently massaged her cunt and clit before pressing two fingers against his patient's anus. "Remember to relax," he said softly but that was more than Claire could manage in her over-aroused state.

Slowly he penetrated her rear opening, taking careful mental notes along the way. This time he could feel the way her anus surrendered more easily to his pressure. The butt plug training was working as it should. Her sphincters still pressed very nicely against his fingers -- she was flexible but tight. The doctor increased his strumming of the nun's clit as he worked his fingers deeper. This one was ready for anal fucking he told himself as he began to slowly, gently massage her rectum. Claire's breathing was a dead giveaway and it pleased the doctor very much to know that on her next visit he would perform a proper anal exam on the sweet young nun. 

"Please doctor," Claire was begging him. Gary knew he could bring her off in a just moments but he had his orders. He withdrew his fingers and pronounced himself very satisfied. "You are doing really well," he said as he turned to write his notes. 

In a flash Sister Claire was on her knees between his legs, pulling his cock free. She was even more desperate to be fucked now but the next best thing was to suck the cock of the dirty doctor. Greedily she slurped and sucked as he moaned and mumbled his encouragement. Nymphomaniac nuns were the best patients, he reminded himself, as his balls emptied into Sister Claire's mouth and she swallowed the lot.

What Sister Claire did not know was that everyone had been instructed by Sister Teresa to make the young nun as horny as possible. She wanted the newest member of the secret society to be as ready as possible for her first sex party. The idea was to make Claire so aroused and desperate for sex that she'd ignore any inhibitions or nerves and perform in any way that the group wanted. Touching Sister Claire sexually was permitted, headjobs were still within limits - but no-one was permitted to make her cum.

Her supervisor knew what she was doing. Something similar had been done to her as she was inducted into the secret sex society at the heart of the Order of the Mount. Sister Claire showed great promise. It was important that she commit -- all or nothing.

Teresa did her own small bit to ratchet up the desire on the part of Sister Claire. A week before the party, she summonsed her young charge to an afternoon meeting in her office.

"Here's the list of people at the party next week. Your name is there, too. Are you ready for this last big step?"

"Oh yes, Sister. The way I feel now, I am ready to do anything you want." Teresa smiled at that. Combined with her lust and her submissive side, Sister Claire would be a sure bet at the party. 

"You will get your chance this Saturday. But right now I need to recover from my last meeting. I just had two priests in here and they both used my cunt. Come and see."

Claire moved around the desk where Sister Teresa was lifting her skirt and spreading her legs wide. The younger nun could see clearly the puffy cunt lips, still aroused, and the start of an ooze of semen. 

The older nun shuffled her hips forward on her chair. "Would you clean me please, Sister." Claire could not wait and silently sank to her knees, placing her mouth over the other woman's just-fucked cunt. Teresa placed one hand gently on the back of Claire's head but there was no need for encouragement. Claire loved the taste of men and their cum. Teresa purred her delight as Claire began to lick and suck two loads of cum from her hole.
