 FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 36: At Last, Friday Night & Lynn

Lynn parked way, way back on the far side of the Drive In's parking area so we could expect complete privacy, unless some clueless idiot parked near us later on. The speaker worked, so we could pretend to give a damn what was playing. Hanging it in my window, I adjusted the volume down pretty low.

As soon as we parked, Lynn grabbed my hand, kissed it, then purred, "I couldn't keep count very well. I'm guessing Beth will agree you boys were both winners, so we're buying at intermission."

She slid close to my side. Whispering for my ears only, Lynn demurred, "That was an amazing drive over here, thank you lover."

She placed my hand on her left breast, holding my hand as my fingers rolled her supple flesh. I loved how alive our foreplay made me feel. Pulling my mouth to hers, Lynn gave me kisses that left me tingly from head to toe.

At the point my breathing grew heavy, Lynn whispered again. "You were the first boy to give me a flower, I'll never forget that. Now I have a present for you, I'm going to suck you until you come, in my mouth. I want to swallow everything you can give me. I want you to think about nothing except having the best orgasm ever."

[Holy shit! I love this woman!] Me too brain.

Lynn slid around me, I asked her to so I could fondle her with my right hand when I felt like it. As I slid behind the wheel, Lynn stretched out on her tummy. Soon my pants were undone, my shorts pulled away from my body, and Lynn had fished out my still half-asleep cock. After two minutes spent playing with her snack, Lynn sucked it entirely into her mouth.

For a time I watched Lynn's face as her cheeks moved in and out. I focused on the action of her tongue rolling me around. As if I had X-ray vision, I visualized my penis inside her mouth.

The imagery was too much to handle; I groaned, closing my eyes, laying my head against the back of the seat. Having my eyes closed allowed my hearing to come into full play. I became acutely aware of the slurping noises from my lap, and also the love making in the back seat. My mind strove to guess what was happening behind me, what just got sucked or licked, who did what that made Jim or Beth groan. It was extremely stimulating being surrounded by sexual activity.

My best friend was stiffening quickly; Lynn was doing marvelous things for me. Her right hand began to gently heft my scrotum, to delicately roll my testicles with her fingers. I looked at her cute butt, then reached over to pull her skirt onto her back, exposing her sweet cheeks. I couldn't resist running my hands all over her. My fingers delighted in squeezing and kneading her tight buns.

Moving my hand to the top of her butt, I spread my fingers wide so only my middle finger was touching the top of her crease. Slowly my middle finger followed her crease like a train on its tracks; each fingertip sent me glowing reports about how wonderful the countryside it traveled across was. I continued my journey over the crest, dropping out of sight until I ran out of track, and into Lynn's slippery, inviting vagina. As my finger wiggled into Lynn she inhaled, then worked my shaft into her throat. Her warmth and tightness caused me to sharply inhale, just the way she had.

Almost there, it wasn't going to be much longer. While I had released some semen on the drive to the movie, I hadn't really come yet, but now I was very, very ready to.

Lynn twisted her head around which stimulated the hell out of my glans. As her throat relaxed, she was able to bob up and down so far that I was feeling her lips on my groin each downstroke. Suddenly I knew what I wanted, so I asked her to stop, and to roll onto her back. 

After Lynn raised her knees, I pushed her feet as far towards the passenger door as was comfortable for her. Removing my shoes and pants, I got into 69 position so I could thrust myself into her mouth. Telling Lynn what I wanted to do, she groaned lustily, then guided me into her mouth. Very gradually we worked together until I was actually sliding in and out of her throat as if it was her pussy.

I'd taken care to keep her dress covering her crotch, even though her knees were raised and spread. In my heart I knew once I saw her shaved lips that I'd start coming. So I waited. Kissing her warm thighs, I inhaled her ready-for-sex scent. Most of all I drank in every sensation from my penis. It felt so very much like being inside her pussy, but it was different too, very different, very wonderful.

AS much as I wanted to enjoy all I was feeling for a long, long time, I couldn't any longer. It was too wonderful, too good for me to last. I had to come; the tingling, tightening sensations were steadily marching to a climax too intense to postpone any longer.

Pulling her skirt back, I stared at Lynn's shaved pussy, even in the dim flickering light reflecting form the screen her wet puffy lips stared invitingly back at me. My hips sped up as my sperm shot out. Gently I began to plunge deep down her throat, holding for the next strong pulse before repeating my cycle of withdraw, plunge, hold.

The sound of Lynn gasping air around my shaft inspired me, extending my orgasm. My eyes remained fixed upon her gorgeous pussy. It reminded me of seeing Carly's little girl pussy be accident years ago. Lynn looked so, so, so... so many things; I had to eat her, soon. But not until my body was completely satisfied from screwing her mouth, so I continued humping her face.

Finally, my hips stopped. My flaccid cock hung into Lynn's mouth, she softly nursed on me like a calf on its mother's teat. Giving in to my desires, I buried my head between Lynn's legs. She tasted so damned good!

We were both pretty mellow; not surprisingly our 69 became relaxed lovemaking. It felt good. Hell, it felt a lot better than good, but there was no urgency left in us. We were floating, lost in our mutual bliss; giving great pleasure, getting great pleasure. I adored Lynn's 'new and improved' pussy.

Everything between her legs had looked and felt wonderful to my touch before. It looked sexy as hell shaved as well, certainly it was easier to eat her now. And so exciting to be able to lick her anywhere, to drag my tongue from place to place without interference.

If I had to guess, I'd say we ate each other for a half-hour before I was really hard again. Eating her bare muff was so delectable, it took me a while to realize I'd begun pumping Lynn's face again. 

About five minutes earlier I think she'd had a quiet climax. Lynn had held me a bit tighter, exhibiting some very feline writhing against my mouth. Now I sensed she was becoming seriously aroused.

Sure enough, Lynn had me sit up, but slide my hips down far enough for her to sit on my lap. She unzipped her skirt; it joined my pants by the gas pedal. Climbing onto my lap, she pushed her slit against my groin making an erection sandwich with my lower abdomen. Her breathing was ragged, as was mine. We hugged each other tightly as our tongues celebrated their reunion; our breathing through each other's mouth heightened our excitement. Anyone nearby would have recognized by sound alone that our deep kissing was about to lead to intercourse. 

Pulling back for air, Lynn she reached between us. As I felt her fingers curl around my slick, coated erection, I frantically unbuttoned her blouse completely, then freed her excited breasts. Lynn rose, aimed me, then slid down my penis until I felt her wet vaginal lips kissing my balls. My hands encircled each breast as she lowered herself.

All the while Lynn rode me carousel fashion, I did my best to suckle her delightful aroused nipples. It continued to amaze me how her petal soft nipples, somehow could become softer still as they became fully engorged with her warm blood.

Closing her eyes, I suspected Lynn was concentrating on achieving her climax. Reaching a point where I felt the need to thrust my hips up into her, I closed my eyes then lay my head back.

For a while I grabbed a cheek in each hand so I could feel her muscles working beneath her soft skin. My right hand slid around to her front, then on down between her legs. My fingers spread into a Vee. Lifting my palm against her pussy, I pinched my fingers together just slightly so I could feel my penis as it moved in and out of my lover. Feeling my penetrations that way was getting me off too quickly so I moved my fingertips up to massage around Lynn's clit.

Peering down, there was enough light from the screen for me to see my penis disappear into Lynn's body. I devolved into a drugged pre-orgasmic state. My eyes lifted to Lynn's face, our eyes met. She'd been staring at my face. Her expression reflected the lust-induced stupor I was feeling. We continued to stare at one another, we began a vigil. Soon we'd be able to enjoy the look of fulfillment on our lover's face as they came. I enjoyed helping her come at least as much as I enjoyed my own climax. The better she came, the stronger I climaxed.

We were so close. We teetered at the precipice. I mouthed the words, "I love you." She repeated them back to me.

I came. It felt as if a long stream of my fluids were hosing into her womb. Another thrust, another long stream. Then the pulsing took over; my thrusts became uncoordinated, random. It felt as if sperm was being pushed into Lynn's contracting, milking vagina, but I'll never know. I hoped it was. Unconsciously I thought of each warm wad of sperm caressing her insides as telling her how much I adored her, that I loved being with her, that I loved being inside her.

As our self-control gradually returned, Lynn's mouth fell against mine. We breathed against each other, hugged, kissed, felt love for each other. Our organs continued to wring pleasure from our union, squeezes within her tender trap continued to produce throbbing and more life giving fluid from its willing prey.

Minutes later we were motionless except for our breathing. We took turns kissing each other's face, saying nothing, speaking volumes. It had been glorious. We'd made our partner very happy. Behind us I heard enthusiastic coupling. I was happy for them. Life was good.

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This saga continues with Chapter 37.