 There's a girl where we work, that everyone calls the Iron Bitch because she's got a hard as nails personality and doesn't put up with shit from anyone. The thing that they don't know, is that underneath that hard shell is a very soft and very hot woman. She's warm, she's loving, and she's extremely unselfish and uninhibited during sex. And all it took to find that soft center was to be there to help pick up the pieces when that hard shell cracked.

True, there had to have been some amount of attraction in both directions for anything to have happened. And while I can't speak for her side of that, I have to admit that there was some on mine. I mean, even if she was a first class bitch, she was still good looking and had a nice body. She was also intelligent and witty, and there were rare moments when she was in a good mood and acted like a normal person. Plus, now that I stop to think about it, there must have been some attraction or something on her side, because she was nicer to me than to anybody else. So, there were times, those few times that she actually smiled, that I felt a little something towards her. But, since she was still a bitch most of the time, I was not as attracted to her as I was to other pretty girls I knew.

That is, until the last week of the fiscal year when the Finance Department found a mistake they'd made earlier in the year that totally screwed up the materials budget. As head of the Purchasing Department, Tami, the Iron Bitch, had to recalculate all material costs for the year, with less than a week to do it in. And, as head of the IT Department, it was my job to provide her all the computer support she needed. And since this was a critical issue and she needed large amounts of immediate support, I had to move my computer terminal into her office and work hand in hand with her the entire time. Not that anyone expected us to fix the whole mess in such a short time, we were just supposed to minimize the damage to the company. But, we made a good team, and by skipping lunch and working lots of overtime, we surprised ourselves and everyone by getting to the last one on day 4 of the 6 days we had.

Working in close proximity for those long hours had accomplished something else too. That was to give me an idea as to why she was such a bitch most of the time. That's because the people we had to deal with weren't really qualified for the jobs they held. Its one of the problems of having a unionized work force, that promotions are based on seniority, not competence. Her and I are management, which doesn't have a union, and we have to produce results. But the people at the shop supervisor level were for the most part slow, lazy and in some cases downright stupid. So, she had to be hard nosed and threatening on a daily basis and that showed in her overall personality. But in those 4 days, she let her guard down with me, and there were times that I almost felt something between us.

Then real disaster struck, because in doing a thorough review of the accounting mistake, Finance found something that negated half the work we'd just done. Some other accountant, no longer with the company, had found the first mistake 6 months before. And, without telling anyone in management, had built in a correction factor to fix it. So, half of the documents that we had just fixed in record time, would have to be redone again with just the weekend to do it in. With all the long hours we had put in, and with victory in hand, to have the rug pulled out from under us just proved too much for Tami to take. But, instead of screaming and yelling, and using every dirty word in the book, like she usually did, Tami did something I never expected. As I mentioned at the beginning, that hard shell she wore didn't just crack, it shattered, and the Iron Bitch broke into tears.

Had anyone else still been on the upper floor where we worked, I might not have done what I did. But, since we were already working overtime, and the accountants were on the lower floor working too, we were alone up there. And I did what any man would do when a beautiful woman starts crying in front of him. I put my arms around her, and rubbed her back to comfort her, while she cried on my shoulder. If I had stopped there, I doubt anything else would have happened. She would just have cried herself out, we'd both have felt awkward when we separated, and then things would have eventually gotten back to normal. I didn't though, and I'm still not sure why, because although my sex life isn't everything I dreamed it could be, I'm more or less a happily married man. So, even I was shocked when as I was telling her everything would be ok, I leaned down and kissed the top of her head. And, I was even more shocked with myself when she turned her face up for a real kiss, and I didn't hesitate to give it to her.

Was I that attracted to her and hadn't known it until now? Was my sex life really that bad that I would take whatever additional sex I could get? Or was this just the way all workplace romances got started, by something just happening like had happened that night. I don't have a clue as to why, I just know that the kiss that should have ended as quickly as it started, didn't. And what should have been an embarrassing moment for both of us, wasn't. The kiss instead lasted a good 5 minutes, and only ended by us saying that we should get back to work. Even worse though, whatever we had started didn't end with that single kiss. During the next two hours that we worked, one or both of us was constantly touching the other in some way. I might have my arm around her as we were both looking at something on her screen. Or she might be rubbing my leg with one hand while using her mouse with the other. And, there were more than a few quick kisses that we shared while waiting for the computer to process some piece of data.

That's not to say I didn't feel guilty, or question myself about what the hell I was doing. I just didn't question it at the time, and it wasn't until I got home that I started feeling guilty. While I was with her though, all I felt was the same things I felt when I got a new girlfriend as a teenager. As I said though, I did feel the guilt after I got home, and it hit me hard. The only saving grace was that we hadn't done anything more than just kiss. But I knew that had we gotten that far, I wouldn't have hesitated to make love to her any more than I hesitated to kiss her. So, since we hadn't gone any further than kissing, we could at least stop this before that did happen, and I was determined to do just that.

Tami had the same opinion I did, when we got to the office on Saturday, that what had happened the night before was a mistake. It should never have happened in the first place, and it couldn't be allowed to happen again. We were both married, both relatively happy with our marriages, and continuing what we'd started could only end badly. So, we should just blame it on the fact that we were both stressed out, and forget it ever happened. Falser words were never spoken, because neither one of us could get any work done with all the trying to forget. And every accidental touch when we had to work on some part together, was cause for embarrassment and guilt. That's also not counting the number of times one of us would get caught staring at the other instead of working.

The last of the Accounting staff left about 1:30, having found no new mistakes, and our promise to not do anything lasted about 30 seconds after that. Just like in the movies, one second we were trying hard not to look at each other, the next second we were kissing like crazy. This time though, we didn't stop with just the kissing. And also like in the movies, we were both saying we shouldn't be doing this, and that we had to stop, while we were tearing each other's clothes off. Well, not exactly tearing our clothes off, just me pulling her panties down from under her skirt, and her dropping my pants to my ankles. In other words, getting undressed just enough for me to lay her on the desk and slide my cock into her wet and willing pussy.

The sex itself was short and sweet, lasting only about 15 minutes, with her cumming twice before I emptied my aching balls inside her. Then we got dressed again almost as quickly as we undressed, and got back to work. And, we also got back to the same touching and occasional kissing we had done the night before. But with the sexual tension broken, we were able to make up for the time we'd lost in the morning. And by the time we finished for the night, we only had a couple hours worth of work to do the next day. When we got to work on Sunday, even though we both felt guiltier than before, we didn't fool ourselves into thinking we could stop this. We just decided that we would get the work done first, with a few kisses and touches of course, before we did anything else. And, because we weren't fighting ourselves anymore, we were able to keep that promise and get the job done.

We finished the last document around 11, and since the building was empty except for us, we took our time with our celebration. After locking her office door, and closing the blinds, we slowly undressed each other, completely this time. And, we didn't just rush into a quick fuck like we had the day before, we did way more than that. We started with her kneeling on the floor in front of me while I sat in my chair, and her slowly taking my cock into her mouth. Her lips and her tongue are extremely talented, and she knows how to use her fingers to stroke the shaft and caress a man's balls. And after about 10 minutes of soft and gentle sucking, she was rewarded with a mouthful of my sperm which she happily swallowed.

When she was finished, it was her turn to feel the pleasure of my tongue. With her sitting on the edge of the desk, and holding the back of my head, I buried that tongue as far as I could in her pussy, while using my lips and teeth to work on her clit. She had 3 or 4 orgasms before she wanted to move to the next activity, and my face was completely soaked with her delicious pussy juice by then. Naturally the activity she wanted next was the same one we'd done the night before, without the pent up desire that had made us rush to orgasm. Since I'd already cum once, in her mouth, I was able to fuck her for almost an hour before I came inside her this time. Only then did we finally get dressed again, and with a few more kisses, went home to our respective families.

We've been having sex roughly once or twice a week for the last 6 months, and if you think we're in some kind of love, we aren't. Our relationship was, and still is, a purely physical thing. And while we kiss a lot during sex, and our lovemaking is often tender, we aren't romantic with each other. There are no secret messages, no late night calls, and we don't miss each other, even if we don't see each other for a week or two. Its just that if we spend more than 15 minutes near each other, some kind of sexual electricity starts to build up. And once it reaches a certain level, neither one of us can concentrate on anything else until we do something to drain off that energy. That's led to us having sex during lunch on many occasions, sometimes in her office, sometimes in the server room, and once in the boiler room when neither of those was safe.

The strangest thing about it is that once we've done something, we're immune for the rest of the day. Take Wednesdays for example, which are the days we have sex most often. There are meetings all day long that both her and I have to attend, and the electricity builds quickly. But, once we find a quiet place to fuck, or lick and suck each other to orgasm, we can spend the rest of the day together without any problems. The only time that once a day doesn't seem to be enough, is during local national holidays. As Americans, we have to work, but other than a handful of us, the building is empty, since 95% of the workforce is locals. So, since no one else is there to talk to, we spend more time than usual talking to each other. And I guess part of it is that there's not much to do without the locals there, and no one will miss us if we disappear a couple times during the day for an hour or so.

It was one such holiday that I convinced her to let me slide my cock into her tight asshole for the first time. It was in the afternoon on the first full day of the holiday, and we were in the server room with her bent over a chair while I fucked her from behind. With the way her asshole was winking at me as my cock went in and out of her pussy, I couldn't help but start to play with it. It began with just drawing circles around it with the tip of my finger. But that soon changed to inserting the tip of that finger inside her, and finally to my thumb buried as far it could go into her ass. She was going on and on so much about how good it felt, that I naturally asked if she wanted to try the real thing in there. At first she refused, saying she knew it would hurt, then as I kept moving my thumb in and out and kept up the dirty talk about her ass, her protests got weaker and weaker. In the end, she was almost begging me to fuck her ass, although she was also begging me to do it slow so it wouldn't hurt too much.

My thumb had loosened her ass up quite a bit, and with my cock soaking wet from her pussy, it hurt way less than she thought it would. And once it was all the way inside her, she wasted no time fucking herself back and forth against it. Its not her favorite way of fucking, and definitely not her favorite type of sex, since she loves giving and receiving oral sex more than anything. But, she liked it enough, that we did it the other two days of the holiday, and do it at least once a month otherwise. Like I said though, her favorites are sucking my cock and having me eat her pussy, and we do those more often than anything else. And, I don't complain because I love eating pussy, and all men enjoy cumming in a girl's mouth any time they can.

Tami is still a real bitch most of the time, and she still has the Iron Bitch nickname. She's even a bitch to me when other's are around so they don't suspect we're doing what we do. But every time the sexual tension builds up between us, we find some quiet place to burn off that energy. And Tami is never a bitch to me once we're behind closed doors and in each other's arms.