 The second time that I stuck my hard cock deep inside of Brandy's sweet pussy happened three days later. Her sweet, innocent smile greeted me as I strolled into work. I could see by the gleam in her eye that she was thinking about something and I couldn't wait to find out what it was. She soon whispered that she had made arrangements and would like to visit the lake again that evening after work. Eagerly, I agreed.

By the time our shifts ended it was already dark out and we headed straight for our rendezvous spot, which was again void of any people. I had barely gotten my truck into park when the passenger door swung open and Brandy leapt inside. This time she still wore her work slacks and a light blue blouse, again with a plunging neckline.

As soon as she was inside my truck, while the interior light was still lit, she slid across the seat and wrapped her arms around my neck. Leaning in she pressed her breasts against me and her lips into mine. I got my own arms around her and pulled her into me tighter as our lips opened and our tongues dove at one another. With a little shifting and maneuvering I soon had Brandy's breast smashed nearly flat against my own chest while her crotch was pressed into my thigh.

We continued to kiss and my hands roamed over her body, rubbing her back and shoulders, caressing her upper arm, dropping down to squeeze at her ass. During all of this she drove her tongue at mine, kissing me hungrily while her own hands rubbed my body. She pressed herself tighter against the different parts of my body.

After several minutes I pulled my mouth away from hers and began kissing my way down to and along her neck. She rolled her head back and to the side to allow me access and I brought one hand up to cradle it, my fingers twining into her dark hair. I spent a lot of time kissing and licking her neck, making sure to cover every single inch of it. As my lips brushed across her neck flesh and my teeth nicked at it gently she sighed happily. When I moved across the front of her throat and began to pay attention to the opposite side she rolled her head in my cradling hand and whimpered softly.

Still kissing and nibbling on her neck, I brought my one hand around from her back and slid it up along the side of her breasts. The pliant flesh was flattened into my chest and pushed way out to the side giving me ample area to caress through her clothing. As my fingers slid up and over this mound Brandy sucked in a sharp breath and moaned softly within her throat.

"Oooohhhhhh John," she breathed. "I am so hot."

I forced the hand in between our bodies, making her lighten up a little on the pressure she was applying, then cupped it hungrily. My fingers squeezed at her tit, pressing and mauling the covered mound. I cupped her breast through her clothing, covering the top of it with my palm and squeezing it. From under her top and bra I felt the nipple growing hard, felt the firming nub pressing out against her clothing.

My teeth nicked at her neck while my hand pressed and massaged her tit. Brandy's head laid back in my hand and my fingers scratched at her skull. She was breathing heavier, sighing and moaning happily within her throat. One of her hands slid down my own body and began to rub at my stiffening cock hidden inside my pants.

After a few more minutes of this I reached for the hem of her blouse and started to tug it up. As eager as before to accommodate me Brandy moved away and hurriedly pulled her top and bra off herself, tossing the garments onto the truck dash again. In the moonlight her tits were beautiful, their milky flesh topped by the swollen nipples, red and hard. I immediately reached out to cup both of them, my hands filling themselves with her soft flesh, my thumbs slipping across the hard nubs.

I leaned forward and took one of her nipples into my mouth, sliding my wet tongue over it as I sucked. Brandy sucked in her breath. Then the two of us began to move around on the truck seat, maneuvering so that she was laying back with her head resting on the armrest of the passenger door and me partially kneeling on the floorboards. I locked my mouth over one of her nipples while squeezing her other tit, my fingers tweaking and rolling that hard nub.

"Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhh John," she sighed as I switched my lips to the other nipple. "Oooohhhhhhhhhh yes. Suck my titties, John. Suck them hard."

Not one to disappoint I increased the suction of my mouth. When I nicked at her hard nipple with my teeth she raised her chest into my face and moaned.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh John. Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh yes."

Brandy's hands were on me while I was doing this. One of them was at the back of my head, pushing my face into her tit while the other was scratching lightly at my shoulder. I kept both my mouth and hands working her tits, suckling on one than the other, cupping and massaging them both the entire time.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh John. Ooooohhhhhhhhhh yes. Ooooohhhhhhhhhhh yes."

Her legs were open upon the truck's bench seat, her one foot crammed against the back corner and the other on the floorboard. They kept moving, swaying partway open and closed, her ass slipping on the seat. I soon slid one hand down along her stomach to the top of her slacks. Working blindly I figured out how to unbutton then unzip them. Once this was accomplished I stuck my hand down inside of them. Brandy shifted and squirmed. Our joint actions caused her pants to slip an inch or so down, allowing my hand the freedom to get into her panties and feel the dampness of her sex on my fingers. When I brushed across her clit she moaned and her hips jerked.

"John, fuck me," she panted, her breath gasping through her open mouth. "Fuck me, John."

I pulled my mouth away from her tit then and reached down to work her pants off of her. Brandy lifted her ass off the seat and aided me in this by shifting her legs this way and that until they came off her feet along with her panties. I shoved these onto the dash with her other clothing. Then the two of us worked to undo my own pants and get them down around my ankles.

When I climbed up between Brandy's legs she reached down and gripped my hard cock with her hand. Wrapping her fingers around it she tugged and pulled on it, stroking it to complete rigidity then guiding it toward her waiting pussy.

"Put your cock in me, John," she groaned, her hips lifting. "Put it in and fuck me."

She was beautiful, laying there completely naked on my truck's seat, her legs spread, her tits with their rock hard nipples rolling upon her chest. Her hair was thrown back and her mouth hung open just slightly, her eyes stared up at me with a hunger and need that came from deep in her loins.

I lowered my hips toward her, let her guide my stiff cock to her sex. As the head of it brushed at her opening she pulled her hand away to grab my ass. I pushed forward, the length of my cock sliding into her, being coated by her juices. Brandy's head tilted back on the armrest and her mouth opened wider.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she moaned.

When my entire cock was filling her cunt I held it for a minute, smiling down and grinding my hips into her. Brandy panted and sighed as I did this, her hips jumping slightly up at me to add to the pleasure.

Soon I started to withdraw, pulling myself back and slipping my cock back out of her pussy. When only the head remained inside of her I reversed directions and pushed forward once more. Brandy's hips rose up to meet me as I fed her pussy my throbbing cock, her pussy lips sliding along its length.

"Oooohhhhhhhh yes, John," she moaned. "Fuck me, John. Fuck me."

With Brandy laying across the seat of my pick-up, her legs spread wide, I started to steadily fuck her. Beneath me she raised and lowered her hips to meet my thrusts, pushing her pussy at my cock and moaning. I held myself up with one hand on the seat next to her and filled the other with one of her luscious tit, squeezing and massaging the fleshy mound while rolling her hard nipple with my fingers.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh yes, John," she panted, her hips driving up harder at my descending cock. "Ooooohhhhhhh, fuck me. Fuck me, John. Fuck me."

She was panting heavily now, her breath gushing past her lips as she rolled beneath me, gyrating and humping as our rhythmic actions slowly increased. She pushed her chest up, cramming her tit into my mauling hand and moaning louder as I tweaked her hard, red nipple.

"Oooohhhhh yes, ooohhhhh yes, ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh yes."

Soon our hips were driving at one another's, pummeling my hard cock in and out of her wet sex with a determined force. Brandy's eyes closed tighter and her head rolled upon the armrest.

"Ooooohhhhhhh fuck me. Fuck me, John. Oooohhhhhhh yes."

Our pace grew even more feverish. I had to release my grip on her tit to steady myself on the seat back. I rammed my cock in and out of her, pushing and grinding the stiff member at her sex as her juices flowed, her muscles squeezing its circumference.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh yes," she panted. "Ooooohhhhhhh yes, oooohhhhhhhh yes. Ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss!"

Suddenly Brandy's hips started to jump and jerk at my cock, her entire body quivered one second then her muscles tensed the next. She gasped for breath. Her mouth hung open wide and she moaned greedily. Around my cock I could feel her muscles clenching as her orgasm exploded within her body. Her fingers dug into my ass cheek and she ground herself against me.

I continued to pump myself at her, pushing and driving my cock in and out of her pussy as she rocked beneath me, her orgasm causing her to hump and quiver. I watched her tits roll upon her chest and her face contort in an expression of ecstasy.

Moments later she began to relax, her orgasm fading. My own climax was nearing quickly and I pummeled my cock at her dropping hips. Suddenly Brandy's eyes shot open and she looked up at me, an expression of enthusiastic delight upon her face.

"Cum on me, John," she panted.

At first I didn't quite understand what she meant, my mind raced for an explanation.

Brandy's hips were rocking beneath me, I felt her wet juices coating my cock, a sloshy sound rising up from our pounding pelvises.

"Pull your cock out and cum on me," she panted in explanation. "Let me feel your hot cum on my belly."

That I understood. I smiled down at her as I pumped my cock in and out of a few more times. The feel of my boiling balls telling me that I was on the verge.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhh, John," she whimpered happily. "Cum on me. Cum on me."

I pulled my cock from her sex and leaned up on my knees. Brandy quickly reached down between us and gripped my cock in her hands, tugging and squeezing it as my climax began to explode. She watched deliriously as my cock jerked within her grasp. Thick white fluid sprayed from the tip, shooting out and landing across her flesh. Shot after shot exploded. The white semen squirted up along her abdomen and a few drops landed across her tits. All the while Brandy stared at the sight and whimpered quietly, her hands continuing to tug at my exploding member.

With the last of my semen squirted onto her she leaned her head back again but did not release my cock. Instead, while she laid there panting, she continued to tug on it, milking the very last of my seed from it then cradling it while it slowly grew limp.

Minutes later we prepared for our departure from that secluded place. Brandy gave me a good-bye kiss that alone told me in no uncertain terms we would be getting together again.

Continued... Maybe