 It had to happen sooner or later that Tami (see Iron Bitch) and I would get caught, since we were fucking during the day at work. As I mentioned in the other story, we aren't in a romantic relationship, its purely physical. We don't miss each other when we aren't together, we don't message or call each other, and we don't set up dates or times for us to meet. But, if we are near each other for any length of time, a sexual tension starts to build up between us. And, when it reaches a certain level, neither one of us can think about anything else until we do something about it. The funny thing about it, is that if we relieve that tension once, we are immune for the rest of that day, no matter how close we get. Wednesdays are the worst, because her and I have to attend the same meetings all day long. So, its usually on Wednesday that we have to find some safe place to have sex during lunch just to be able to function normally afterwards.

By get caught, I don't mean that someone walked in on us while we were fucking. We don't get that stupid, when our lust hits us, that we make a lot of noise, or fuck somewhere without locking the door. Instead, it was someone seeing us together, coming out of a room they knew was locked. And, it also could have been the fresh fucked look on our faces, or maybe the smell of sex in the air. Whatever it was, they knew for a fact that we'd been having some kind of sex in there, and they called me on it later. The person who confronted me, didn't do so because they planned to cause any problems for us or get us fired. She, yes she, just wanted to know why I'd resorted to fucking the Iron Bitch, and hadn't even tried to flirt with her. She was obviously a much better woman to be chasing, yet I hadn't made a single pass at her.

Her name is Ceren, and I think her choice of words should give you an idea of what kind of woman she is. She didn't say she was prettier, had a better body, or would be more fun in bed. She said she was obviously a much better woman, meaning that everything about her was better, and that everyone already knew it. In other words, one of those women who think they walk on water, and that their shit doesn't stink. Admittedly her face is prettier than Tami's, she's quite a few years younger, she dresses nicer, and she has a better body by local standards. That means long legs, big tits, and a J-Lo booty. Thing is, I'm not interested in big tits, and I've never been a fan of J-Lo's ass. And even if she had the kind of body I did like, Tami's for instance, her attitude was a complete turn off. However, just telling her I wasn't interested might not be smart, because while she hadn't planned on causing problems for us, she could easily change her mind. Besides, I was curious why she would have wanted me to flirt with her in the first place.

So, instead of just saying she wasn't my type, I told her that what Tami and I had wasn't a romance, it was just sex. And, I didn't think that a girl like her would be interested in just having sex with someone. Even if she was, she could easily find younger, richer, and better looking men than me. She practically glowed from the compliments, and immediately said she knew she could. But after her divorce, she didn't want to get into another serious relationship until she found the right husband this time. While she was looking though, she had certain wants and needs, like any woman. And since Tami seemed to be satisfied with what I did for her, I might be able to satisfy her needs as well.

If she had said that in any kind of sexy way whatsoever, I might have considered it regardless of her not being my type. I mean, she might be a good fuck for all I know, and it might have been worth finding out. Saying it the way she did though, as a flat statement, gave it a meaning that kind of pissed me off. With her "holier than thou" attitude, she was saying she was willing to let me try to please her. And, there was a small chance, because Tami was satisfied, that I might actually be capable of giving her some pleasure. No man wants to hear a woman tell him that he might be barely adequate if he tried hard enough, and I'm no different. And, if she thought I would bend over backwards just for a chance to kiss her ass, she was sadly mistaken.

So, although Tami and I did everything, mostly making love and oral sex, I took only the parts I thought would turn her off and told her about them. I said I still didn't think she'd be interested, because we mostly did anal sex, or Tami pleasing me orally, not any normal love making. She surprised me by saying that would be acceptable, and that I'd saved her the trouble of having to tell me that normal sex was off limits. She didn't believe in any form of contraception, and wouldn't risk getting pregnant until she was ready to marry again. Then she went on to say that we would meet on Mondays and Fridays. Monday would be for oral sex, and she expected me to perform it on her as well. Friday would be for anal sex, although I would need to do some oral sex as well to get her ready. And, I would need to be clean shaven, both my face and my pubic area. Then she said that we would begin on Monday, and walked away without waiting for me to respond to her conditions.

At that point, I had a couple of choices. I could chase after her and ask just who the hell she thought she was, giving me orders like that. But, I'd be making a fool out of myself if I chased her down the hall and confronted her. Besides, I think that in her mind I should be groveling at her feet for giving me the chance to try and please a goddess like her. And, I should be more than willing to agree to any conditions she wanted to set. So, confronting her at all, whether I chased her or not, would be worthless. I sure as hell wasn't going to meekly do her bidding either, like some kind of lap dog or servant. That left me one choice, and that's what I did when it came time for us to meet.

On Monday morning, because she gets to work before I do, she left a note on my desk saying 1200, her office, meaning time and place where we'd meet. And at 1215, she was at my desk asking why I hadn't shown up. Now that she had come to me, I had the upper hand and could tell her exactly what I felt. So, I leaned back in my chair and told her that I'd never said her and I would be lovers. And, if she hadn't just said that we would be and walked away, I would have told her that then. She naturally asked why I hadn't come to her and said something before, and why I'd made her wait in her office for nothing. And I asked why I should have to come to her and explain myself. She hadn't asked me if I was even interested in her, let alone if I wanted us to be lovers. So, since she had so little regard for my opinion or feelings on the matter, why should I worry about how she felt or that she'd have to wait? How would she react if I had done the same thing to her, and just told her that her and I were going to have sex, without asking if she wanted to? Would she have come to my office when I told her to, or come to me and told me that it wasn't going to happen? Or would she have done exactly what I did, and just ignored what I'd said?

She got a puzzled look on her face, which told me I was right, and that she didn't see anything wrong in the way she had acted towards me. Then she said that I told her I hadn't flirted with her because I thought she wouldn't be interested in the kind of sex I had to offer. So, when it turned out to be the kind of sex she wanted, she'd just saved me the trouble of flirting, and accepted what I had to give. If I hadn't wanted her to accept, why had I told her what Tami and I did together. I replied that the reason I'd told her what we did together was to try and get her to lose interest, not to get her interested. She asked why I would do something like that, try to make her lose interest in me. I told her that it was because I wasn't interested in her, and I hadn't wanted to hurt her by telling her that. She said she didn't believe that, because she'd seen me watching her as she walked past. It must be that I was afraid I wouldn't be able to satisfy a woman like her. But, I didn't need to worry about that, because she really didn't want or need that much from me.

Rather than rise to the bait and tell her I could definitely satisfy her, I just told her calmly to believe whatever she needed to. Then I turned my attention away from her, and back to the computer on my desk. She stood there for a minute, either waiting for me to say something else, or trying to think of something to say to me. Then, when she realized I thought our conversation was over, she turned around and stormed angrily out of my office. I didn't hear anything about that subject, or even talk to her at all, for a whole week. And when she did talk to me again, the next Monday, it was with the same attitude. That is, she asked if I'd gotten over my fear of whether I'd be able to please her, or did I still think she was too much woman for me to handle.

I laughed and told her that was definitely part of the problem, that she was too much woman for me. I was more attracted to petite women with small asses and small tits, not voluptuous women like her. She was pretty, and most men would love to have sex with her, I just wasn't most men. Her reply was to repeat what she'd said before, that I was just afraid that I couldn't handle a real woman, with a real woman's body. So, I chased after women who looked like little girls, because they were all I was capable of satisfying. Obviously she was trying again to goad me into proving she was wrong, but I wasn't taking the bait. Instead I just told her that I had no more control over what type of woman I was attracted to, than she had over what type of man she was attracted to. And that brought up the question of why she was chasing me, when it was obvious that she wasn't really attracted to me.

She immediately said that she was definitely not chasing me, then asked why I thought she wasn't attracted to me. She had no romantic thoughts about me, but she would never want to have sex with someone she wasn't at least somewhat attracted to. When she saw the look on my face, that said she'd just proved my point for me, she asked if I seriously expected her to believe I wasn't attracted to her at all. As she said before, she'd seen me watching her, so she knew that wasn't true. I answered that I never said I didn't look at her, she was a pretty girl and nice to look at. She just wasn't the type of woman I was interested in fucking, that's all. First she asked if I had to use crude language like that all the time. Then without waiting for an answer, she asked how I could enjoy looking at someone, but not be interested in having sex with them.

I decided to answer her first question, even though it had been more of a rebuke than a question. I used the language I did, because that's what we were talking about. Having sex was the way parents or teachers talked about the subject to kids, and neither one of us were kids. Making love referred to doing something romantic in bed, and this wasn't about romance. And, I sure wasn't going to use the terms that doctors used, such as fellatio or cunnilingus. That left the words that really described what we were talking about, ass fucking, sucking cock, and eating pussy, so those were the words I used. As for her second question, I'd figure she would understand that better than I did. Someone could be fun to look at, but something about them turned you off. Maybe they smelled bad, maybe they were a terrible dresser, or maybe they had a big pimple in the middle of their forehead which ruined an otherwise perfect face.

She said of course she knew that, and she knew she didn't have any of the problems I mentioned. And the fact that I watched her meant that what I'd said about not being interested in her body wasn't true. So, what was it about her that made me not want to have sex with her? First I told her that I never said her body turned me off, I said that I wasn't attracted to her, meaning that I'd never have chased after her. However, since she was offering it to me, and I didn't have to chase her, her body wasn't really the problem. What was the problem though was that her personality turned me off. I wasn't interested in fucking someone who thought I should be eternally grateful for that chance. I also didn't like someone making decisions about my sex life without asking me first. And, while I didn't want a romance, I also didn't want sex to be just a physical thing. There had to be some passion and desire in order for me to fuck someone.

She didn't address the part about thinking I should feel honored that a goddess like her would let me fuck her. Then again, I really didn't expect her to answer any of what I said, so her answering any of that was a surprise. First she said that if she hadn't wanted to have sex, she wouldn't have offered, so she didn't understand what I meant by desire. As for the other thing, if I was talking about her telling me where and when we would meet, she apologized. I was right, and she should have asked what days would be good for me. She just figured those would be the best days for us to get together, and those were the things she wanted to do on those days. So, were those days and those activities acceptable to me? I didn't answer that, instead, I went back to what she'd said about wanting to have sex with me. I told her that wanting to have sex wasn't the same thing as passion and desire. She might want to have sex, but I didn't think it mattered to her who it was, as long as they did the things she wanted. What I needed was someone who wanted to have sex with me, because they liked the idea of having sex with me.

She told me she didn't understand that at all, so I explained it to her by asking her a question. If a man was fucking her, would she want him to close his eyes and think about some other girl? Or, would she want him to enjoy fucking her because it was really her that he wanted to fuck? Well, she'd made it clear that she wanted sex, and she'd told me what kind she wanted and when she wanted it. But the way she was talking, was like as if she didn't care who gave her what she wanted, as long as she got it. So, before I would fuck her, I needed to know that she wanted me to be the one fucking her, not just whatever guy was there. I wanted to know that she was thinking about my cock sliding in an out of her asshole, not someone else's. I wanted to know that she needed my tongue in her pussy, not just any tongue she could find. And I needed to know it was my sperm she wanted to taste when I came in her mouth. In other words, if it was someone else's cock and tongue she really wanted, then I didn't want her. 

She asked why it would matter to me, since it was just sex, and we weren't going to get romantic. And I told her it was for the same reason she wanted me to be thinking about her when I fucked her. Or would she rather I just closed my eyes and pretended it was Tami I was fucking? She said that of course she wanted me thinking about her, and yes, if that was what I wanted to know, she had thought about her and I having sex even before she made her offer. Now, was everything settled then, and would the schedule she'd requested be acceptable to me? I smiled and told her not quite yet, because I wanted a sample of what she was offering me before I decided. So, I wanted her to close and lock the door, then I wanted her to show me how good of a cock sucker she was. Again she mentioned the fact that she didn't like that kind of language. But, as she was telling me that, she was also doing as I asked, and locking the door. Then as she knelt to open my zipper, I told her she'd get used to those words, and start using them herself too before long.

From the almost clinical way she removed my pants and underwear, I wasn't expecting much in the way of cock sucking skills. I mean, she removed my socks and shoes too, then neatly folded everything and laid it all on my desk. But, there was nothing clinical about what she did when she knelt back down. Because, she sucked the whole thing into her mouth and kept it there, even when it got fully hard. One thing about voluptuous women is that their mouths are deeper, wider and wetter than normal women, and she used that to her advantage. There was no bobbing either, everything she did was with her tongue and lips, without moving her head one inch. She just kept up a gentle suction, while her lips nibbled the root, and her tongue slid all over every part of my cock. And, at the same time, her fingers were stroking my balls with a feather light touch. In other words, a totally awesome blow job, and there was only one thing that needed changing.

That thing was the fact that she was lost in her own little world and had her eyes closed while she sucked me. Every guy knows that blow jobs are always better when the girl is smiling up at you as she does it. There was another reason I wanted that too, and it had to do with what we'd just finished talking about. So I told her to open her eyes and look up at me, so I'd know she knew whose cock she had in her mouth. When she did, I asked her if she knew how beautiful she looked like that. All girls looked pretty with dicks in their mouths, but she looked really beautiful because her mouth was made for sucking cock. And, from the way she was sucking me, it was obvious that she loved having her mouth full of cock. Did she like how my cock tasted, and did she want me to cum in her mouth so she could taste my sperm too?

Despite her protesting my dirty language, it was having an effect on her, because the more I talked, the more she moaned and the brighter her eyes got. Seeing that, I continued by telling her I knew how horny sucking my cock was making her. And that I knew she'd love to play with herself right now, wouldn't she? I told her it was ok, I wouldn't tell anyone if she did that, it would be our secret. She didn't have to act like a lady around me, she could act like a total slut when we were together, and no one would ever know. So, why didn't she lift her skirt up, push her panties to the side, and show me how she played with her hot wet pussy?

I was right that she wanted to, because her hand moved in that direction several times then pulled back at the last minute. She obviously needed a little push to let herself go, and I gave her one by telling her not to be afraid to show me her pussy. I mean, she wanted me to lick it after I came in her mouth, didn't she? I'd see it when I licked it, wouldn't I, so why be shy about me seeing it now? Besides, I liked eating pussies that were already hot and wet, and I'd like her to get hers really hot and really wet for me. Plus, if she could make herself cum for me, while sucking my cock, I'd promise her at least two more orgasms from my tongue. This proved to be more than enough motivation for her, because this time there was no hesitation when her hand moved down to raise her skirt and pull her panties to one side.

When she started sliding her fingers up and down her cunt, she also started a soft whimpering around my cock. And, naturally, the closer she came to her orgasm, the harder she sucked and the more frantically her tongue moved. I kept up the dirty talk as much as I could, telling her to make us both cum at the same time. But before long, I reached a point where I could barely string two words together, just saying to suck me and letting her know I was going to cum. I think her orgasm started a second before mine did, not that it matters. We were still more or less cumming at the same time, with her cumming and swallowing, and me just cumming and cumming.

When she got up off her knees, I had her sit on the edge of my desk as I slid her panties down her legs. When I put them in my pocket instead of on the desk, she protested, saying she needed them. I told her that I always kept the girl's panties the first time we had sex, and that I planned to keep these too. She replied that her skirt was too short, and people would be able to see everything at the meetings she had to attend after lunch. I thought about telling her just to keep her legs crossed, but in the end I relented because I didn't want to embarrass her too much yet. Instead, I told her I'd make her a deal, since she was such a fantastic cock sucker. She could wear them for the rest of the day, as long as she promised to give them back to me before she left work. If she didn't give them back though, I wouldn't fuck her ass on Friday like she wanted me to. She promised, so I put them on the desk so she'd feel more comfortable.
