 A lot of me went into this story. A lot of it is true. Back in the late fifties, western Montana was a wild place to be and the girls were just as wild as the country. I guess I just want to remember almost how it was.

Ironworker

He slid down the steel column from the third deck to the ground. Quitting time! His favorite time of day. "See ya tomorrow, Johnny," he said as he headed for his truck. He took off his tool belt and dumped it into the built in tool box, jumped in the cab and sped off to the motel. He loved these out-of-town jobs. He was in Kalispell, Montana erecting a big storage facility. He had been there for two weeks and he estimated he had another six weeks to go to completion.

He opened the door to the motel room and flopped down on the bed. He rested there for half an hour, then rose and got into the shower. Iron work was hard, dangerous, dirty work. He scrubbed his body clean. "Time to eat," he thought.

He got in his truck and drove to the diner. It was a typical small town eatery. It wasn't big, but the food was good and there was plenty of it. He had a big T-bone steak, chocolate malt and apple pie for desert. After the meal he drove back out toward the job site, parked and just sat watching the river flow past. He saw a few trout jump and resolved to come back tomorrow with his fishing gear.

The sun was going down so he drove back into town. On the other side of town was a bar, The Green Lantern. As he walked in the door he was greeted by some of his crew and the bartender. He was well known on the local bar circuit. He sat at the bar and guzzled the first beer of the evening. 

Half an hour later one of the local sluts came into the bar and sat on the barstool next to him. "Buy a lady a drink, hon?" she asked.

"I might if one ever shows up," he sneered. The slut was one of many sperm receptacles that inhabited the bar circuit. He had seen her many times and even screwed her once when things got desperate.

He was just about to leave and go to the next bar when a new, very pretty face walked in. The face sat atop a body that was to die for. Nice big, round tits, a wasp waist and super-fine round little butt. He stopped dead in his tracks and watched as she approached.

"See something you like?" she asked.

"Oh, hell yeah," he replied. "Do you want a drink?"

"Sure," she answered. "I want a rum and coke."

The drink was ordered quickly and they sat at the bar and talked. She was very easy to talk to. "So what are you doing in this bar? It's kind of a rough place," he asked.

"Maybe I'm looking for a kind of rough guy," she answered. "What's your name?"

"I'm Benny, Benny Joseph," he replied.

"I'm Kate Thompson." She stuck out her hand. He took it and shook it lightly. "Your hands are rough, but your touch is gentle," she remarked.

"I'm an ironworker. We're building that storage facility out on the river."

She squeezed his bicep. "Oooh, hard. I like that!" she exclaimed. She looked him over more carefully. He was only 5'9" but he had no fat at all on his well defined body, at least the parts she could see. He had several scars on his hands and his nose looked like it had been broken more than once. "Do you get in a lot of fights?" she asked. 

"Only when I'm not dancing," he laughed.

"Now here's a guy who can take care of himself," she thought. "What are you doing later?" she asked.

"Usually I have a few beers and if there isn't any action, I go home and go to sleep. I have to be up early in the morning."

"What kind of 'action' do you expect to find?" 

"You never can tell out here in these little bars."

The band took to the stage for the first time that evening and started playing some country songs. When their first break came the lead singer came over to Benny and said, "You want to sing a little tonight?"

"Sure, why not?" said Benny.

"Do you sing?" Kate asked.

"That's a matter of opinion," he replied. "I've had good reports and bad reports. Are you gonna stick around for my moaning session?"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," Kate answered.

After the first break, the lead singer walked up to the mike and said, "We have a guest singer with us tonight, Mr. Benny Joseph."

Benny got off the barstool and jumped up onto the stage. He hit a few chords on the borrowed guitar and then the band started playing. He started singing.

To Kate's surprise, he sounded just like Marty Robbins. "This might be fun1" she thought.

Benny sang a couple of songs and then went back to the bar. "Well?" he asked.

"Not bad. You're definitely not in the howl and moan group," she said enthusiastically.

They had two more drinks. Then Benny said, "Well, I've got to get some action or get some sleep."

"I know where there's some action," Kate remarked.

"Yeah? Where?"

Why don't you follow me and I'll show you?"

She walked out in front of him and got into a bright green Camaro. 

He followed her out of town to a small house set back in the woods. He parked behind her.

"Home, sweet home," she giggled as she skipped up the steps and into the house.

He followed her into the house, close behind. 

As soon as he stepped through the door she spun around, grabbed his neck and rammed her tongue down his throat. He was startled at first but was soon returning her greeting with some tongue of his own. She tasted great. Her lips, her tongue, the whole package. She broke the kiss. "Action?" she asked.

"Wow, I'll say!" he answered as she led him into a small living room and pulled him down onto the sofa.

"Less talk, more action," she requested, wrapping her arms around him and hugging him tight.

"Yes maam," he complied. He squeezed her really hard and heard her start panting for air. He lightened up a bit and started unbuttoning her blouse. He tossed it into a nearby chair. He unsnapped her bra and admired her perfect tits as the bra joined the blouse. He dipped his head and sucked one of her succulent nipples into his mouth.

She let out an audible gasp and started fiddling around with his belt buckle. Soon she had it unfastened. His pants dropped to the floor and then followed the rest of the clothing into the chair. She quickly divested him of his shirt and t-shirt. 

He removed his boots and socks. Only his briefs were left. He unzipped her skirt. It went to the chair. He removed her boots and socks. He noticed that she had tiny, little, perfect feet. The moment of truth had arrived. He pulled her panties from her body. 

She quickly jerked his briefs off. The panties and the briefs reached the chair at the same time.

They stood nude in front of each other. He reached for her and she melted into his big, rough arms. He hugged her tight, but not too tight. She kissed his chest and then sucked one of his nipples.

"Where's the bedroom?" he croaked.

"C'mon, I'll show you," she answered.

The bed was the only big thing about the house. It filled the bedroom. She sat down on the bed and pulled him down beside her. She kissed him tenderly and then with accelerating urgency. 

He knew there was no turning back from here for either of them. He rolled her over on her back and spread her legs. He dived on her muff. She had a beautiful pussy and it was swollen and ready. He flattened his tongue and licked her from asshole to clit and back again. 

She squealed and jumped. Nobody had ever kissed her pussy before. She had only read about it in magazines. It felt better than anything she had ever felt in her life. She pulled his lips tightly against her greedy sex. "More, more, more," she begged.

Benny lapped at her pussy. She had started to produce some love honey and he drank as much as she could put out. He jammed his rolled up tongue into her love channel and she bucked hard, almost throwing him off. He slid up her cunt and took her clit in his lips. She screamed. He sucked her clit into his mouth and rubbed it gently with his tongue.

Kate had completely lost her mind. She was feeling things she hadn't even suspected existed up until this moment. She was squeaking and yelling and moaning all at the same time. All she could think about was Benny's magic tongue in her pussy. 

If Benny hadn't had so much experience, he would have thought he was killing her but he knew she was just having a good time. As she wiggled and wriggled under his tongue he ran his hands all over her body. She was hot and soft. He really liked it. He cupped her ass cheeks and rubbed her asshole. 

She screamed again. He was making her cum. She had only made herself come. The boys who had fucked her before (3) just jumped on, got a nut and jumped off. She thought that was all there was to it. Now she was finding out what sex was all about and she loved it. Suddenly she had a wild desire to taste his cock. "Can I taste yours?" she asked meekly.

"Of course honey," he replied and scooted around into the '69' position.

She saw his big, hard cock drooping over her face. She tentatively took it in her hand and felt it. It was bigger than the other three she had seen. She gingerly kissed the tip. A little pre cum oozed out of it. She licked it. She thought it tasted pretty good, but she needed a bigger sample. She wrapped her lips around the cock and sucked on it. She heard him moan a little so she figured she was doing something right. She sucked as much as she could into her throat. She was bobbing her head faster and faster. She came again. She felt his dick swelling even more in her mouth but she didn't have enough experience to know what came next.

What came next was Benny. He fired the biggest load of his life down her throat. She swallowed it all. She trembled and twitched. He sucked harder on her clit and she almost jumped off the bed. Then she collapsed. Benny knew she had just fainted. He pulled his wet dick out of her mouth and scooted around so he was head to head with her.

Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at him. He smiled back. "Nobody ever made me cum before," she whispered. "Can we do that again?"

"Maybe later," he whispered back and started to finger her vagina. He rubbed it gently and then stuck his finger in her and massaged her G spot. She was pumping hard against him as he finger fucked her. She hadn't known about her G spot either. No one had ever touched her there before. She humped a little harder, he rubbed it a little faster and soon she was cumming again.

"Please fuck me now," she whimpered. "Please."

Benny crawled between her legs and sank his cock into her hungry pussy. He was stroking very slowly and it was driving her out of her mind. The boys she had been with had nowhere near this much skill. "Faster, faster," she begged.

Benny shortened his stroke and increased his prick velocity. He was determined to get her off before he came. He used every little trick he had ever learned, jamming it all the way in so far you couldn't tell who the balls were on. Slipping it almost out until she cried, "NNNNOOOooooo." He tried approaching her from different angles. The longer he fucked her, the louder she grunted.

"Uhn, uhn, uhn, uhn," she groaned in rhythm with his thrusting. Finally she screamed, "Oh Jesus Christ!!" and was still once more.

Benny stopped stroking her and waited for her to come to. Soon she waded through the dense fog of sexual satisfaction and came back to the world. He started fucking her again. 

"God damn, this is so much fun," she laughed. "I love every minute of it. I had no idea that sex was this good!"

"It ain't over, babe," declared Benny as he stroked harder, seeking release. She started helping him by bucking her hips up in time with his thrusts. "I'm gonna cum now babe," he groaned.

"Me too," she answered. And cum she did. And he did. "I can feel it shooting into me!" she screamed. "Oh god, I'll never fell this good again."

After they came down from their orgasmic highs, he said, "You'll feel this good again. If you want to go out tomorrow night."

"Try and stop me," she replied.

Benny knew he had, at the very least, found a source of pussy for the next 6 weeks.

Kate was thinking much further into the future than that.