 Faith crawled back into bed as she heard the door close shut. Another few seconds and the gate clicked, she heard an engine start and a car roar down the street. She laid there, a stupid grin on her face, she couldn't believe what had just happened.

She drifted back off to sleep, dreaming of Lex, her Lex.

She hadn't been asleep for long when she heard a knock on her door. She wasn't impressed as she looked at her alarm clock. '7 fucking 30' she moaned. "Whoever it is it had better be good"

She pulled her dressing gown around her and ran to the door, almost ripping it off it's hinges as she ragged it open.

"Rob!" she said in surprise.

"Did you forget about our meeting today Faith?" He asked seductively as he entered her apartment.

"We had a meeting?" she asked trying to rack her brain to to remember. She remembered Lex mentioned he had an important secretive meeting this morning. Was it her?

"Oh maybe I didn't tell you. You are my meeting this morning. Now lets uhh. go meet in your bedroom."

"No you didn't tell me Rob and I don't think this is a good idea. Why don't you want Lex here?" Then she remembered his text message, "Meet me at 7" "Shit" she thought. "Too late now he's already here"

"That," he stepped into her house, "Is for me to know and you to find out," he grinned as he pushed her back against the wall, kicking the door closed behind them with his foot.

His lips sought hers in a frenzied passion, his hand pulling the dressing gown apart so he could seek her breasts. He smiled to find that she was indeed naked under it. The dressing gown was quickly released onto the floor.

He moved closer to her, nearly sitting on her feet. He rested his forearm on her left knee. Slowly, he let his fingers caress up and down her thigh. His smile widen as he watched her breathing becoming faster and a soft blush covered her body. He knew she wanted this just as much as he did. Her nipples appeared to be quite hard, they were proudly jutting out from her breasts. He moved his arm from her knee, and moved his hand closer the sweet heaven that lived between her thighs. Barely touching her, his fingers stroked lightly against her outer lips. His eyes never left her face as he teased her. He could hear a small gasps coming from her throat as fingers continued to caress her lightly on her folds, barely touching her.

"I need you Faith," he growled, "now!"

His touch on her skin was electric and he pushed her backwards onto her stairs. She grappled with his button up jeans, popping them out of their holes one by one and them pushing them down his thighs. He wasn't wearing underwear and it was obvious from his huge hard on what he wanted. She ran her hand up and down his swollen cock until he could barely stand it anymore. He pushed her hand away and sank down to where his wife's tongue had been barely a couple of hours before.

His tongue flicked against her hardening pebble and he sucked it quickly into his mouth. She threw her head back and a low moan escaped her lips.

"Open wider for Me," he ordered as he began his attack on her once again.

"I can't stand for much longer Rob" she panted as she tried to keep steady on her feet.

With that he picked her up and took her to the first place he saw, her dining room table. Threw everything off of it and lay her on top of it.

"Now open wider for me" she obliged.

He pulled her forward so that her sex was over the table and pushed himself into her, claiming what he wanted, what he needed. He kept up the pace as his hands roamed freely over her body, tweaking her nipples when he found them.

Faith laid there and took what he was giving her, her body not reacting the way she knew it should. Images of Lex screwing her at the forefront of her mind.

"Not enjoying this Faith?" he asked as he pounded her pussy into submission. "You are not as vocal as you were yesterday"

"That's cause Lex was there sucking on my clit as you pounded me" she thought to herself. "I'm just tired Rob," she sighed as he kept up his assault.

"I'll make you enjoy it," he grinned and pulled out of her, flipping her over and pulling her back onto him. She wrapped her legs round the back of him and he started to ram her from behind, lifting her hips so he had access to her clit.

She moaned, his touch was working it's magic again. Her clit so swollen now that she had to stop herself from cumming.

"AHH I'm going to cum, I have to cum now" she screamed.

"Not yet bitch" he said slapping her clit .

"Rob please"

"Shut up you stupid cunt. You are my slave you listen to me." He said not losing any momentum on his assault. "You cum when I say you cum"

"Ow Rob your hurting me, slow down please" He was going so hard and fast she swore she would be broken pretty soon.

He didn't listen to her just sped up. "You need to learn how to be the perfect slave. That is today's topic at work"

"Rob!" she cried and bit her lip as he moved his hand from her throbbing clit. He pulled her back onto him and off the table, holding her up. She loosed her legs so he had to put her down. he grinned and turned her around pushing her to her knees, pushing himself into her mouth.

"Suck my cock so hard I cum all the way down the back of your throat."

She choked on him as he pushed himself deeper and faster into her throat. Once he shot all his hot cum down her throat he released himself from her mouth.

"I have to go now" he said as he put his pants back on.

"Rob please" He knew what she was getting at. "Now don't you make yourself cum until you get to the office.

She sank back onto the floor, urgently needing a release as he slammed the door and walked away, leaving her panting now desperate for his touch.

"Fuck you Rob," she breathed as her fingers slid in between her legs.

Just then the phone rang. She just kept on fucking herself and let the machine pick it up.

"Hey Faith, its Lex just wanted to know if you needed a ride to work this morning. Guess not" Lex was saying happily. Faith jumped to her feet to answer the phone. Her right hand never leaving her aching mound.

"Where are you Lex?" she moaned as her fingers continued to rub herself,

"Hey, you OK?" she asked, hearing the strain in Faiths voice,

"Where are you?" she asked again.

"At your door again,"

"Get your backside in here Lex and fuck me,"

"Your wish is my command" Said Lex happily and walked into Faith's apartment. Already starting to get hot at the thought of a before work fuck with her new coworker.

She walked in the kitchen and gasped as she say Faith sat on the floor, her back tot he wall, legs spread and her fingers working her clit. Lex dropped to her knees and crawled over to her.

"No," she said as she removed Faiths hand from her sopping cunt, dipping them into her mouth and sucking them dry. She dipped her head to her pussy and started to lick her out. Faith started to squirm on the floor.

"Oh yeah Lex" she moaned arching her hips to give Lex more access. " Make me cum Lexy, for god sakes please make me cum"

"What the hell got you so worked up anyway?" she asked, coming up to kiss her, replacing her lips with her finger, dipping them into her sticky hole.

Faith gulped, she wasn't sure if it was from Lex's question or from her twisting her fingers inside her.

Once the kiss broke Lex asked her again. She didn't want to tell her about Rob, he would freak and she knew it. "Dreamed about you" was all she could think of.

Lex smiled as she captured Faiths lips with hers again, "I told you that you would turn."

"Mhmmm" She moaned while still locked with Lex's lips.

"We really need to get to work" Lex said once the kiss broke.

"Finish what I started," she pleaded as she pushed herself harder onto Lexs' fingers. Lex grinned and ran her thumb over Faith's clit, almost pushing her over the edge. She then knew exactly what she needed. She buried her face once again into her sopping wet and aching pussy. She at first gently sucked on her sensitive mound, and kept increasing the pressure until Faith finally got the intense release that she had been wanting for so long.

"I need to shower then we'll go to work" Faith said once she recovered from her most intense orgasm to date.

"No time for that throw some clothes on and lets go."

"What?"

"The office is actually closed today, we got lessons so no need for shower."

She groaned, knowing that she'd have to face Rob. Mr Selfish himself and she didn't want to share her body with him, not now at least. She didn't want to share Lex.

more to come, please vote, A 5 is always great :-D and please comment.. we (foxyfaith and I) love suggestions for further installments.