 This is the continuation of the story of Natalia. An intelligent and beautiful woman with borderline sociopathic tendencies, she spends her free time seeking out ways to cater to her high libido and sex addiction. Start at the beginning for the full story!

******************

The next day, Natalia wakes to the rising level of sunlight entering her bedroom. She yawns, stretching out and running her hands along her silky sheets. She closes her eyes, finding small pleasure in the smoothness on her skin. *I'm already hungry,* she muses, not referring to the growling in her stomach.

That would have to wait. Today is Saturday, and Natalia plans on meeting her sexual desires as much as possible. But first, she needs to follow her routine. 

She rises to her feet, and reaches for a garment. As she sleepily stretches out, she dons a silky and slightly transparent robe, letting it remain open as she walks to the kitchen. Halting in front of her mirror, she pauses and admires her form.

Natalia always tended to sleep in the nude, and last night was no exception. She runs her hands along her silky garment, pulling it apart to fully expose herself to the mirror. Natalia took great pride in her body, and she works hard to keep in in peak condition.

She admires her slender, athletic shoulders, running her fingertips gently over them. She then frames her beautiful C cup breasts, turning her body from side to side as she admires her perky, pink nipples. Continuing her exploration, she runs her hands over her flat stomach, eyeing her slender waist and toned abs. Her hips and waist curve seductively out, forming a flawless hourglass feminine form. She slightly spreads her legs, admiring her bald pussy in the soft sunlight. Continuing lower, Natalia's gaze dances over her long and slender legs. She stands quite tall for a woman at 5'10, and her impeccable posture accentuates her height. To finish off her show, she turns to her side, admiring her smooth, supple, heart shaped ass.

Natalia's physical appearance was very necessary for her secret way of life. Throughout her time in college, she learned that if she wanted to be able to regularly seduce men, she needed to be more than a pretty face. In fact, Natalia imagined that a lot of her targets had attractive wives. She had to become something else entirely to be able to trap these otherwise faithful men, and she worked very hard on her physique. With her flawless features, platinum blonde hair, and intense blue eyes, she seemed almost otherworldly. With her beauty, even the most dutiful of husbands couldn't help but hope and fantasize. Once they've done that, she had them. 

With a flourish of her robe, she resumes walking to the kitchen, opening the fridge and pulling out a single egg. She cracks it over a pan and turns on the burner, then turns to prepare her morning smoothie. As she mills about the kitchen, she flips on her TV, and turns to one of the premium channels she routinely caters to. The sound of soft moaning fills the room. She checks the title of the program; "Cougars at College." She smirks at the silly and blunt title, and settles back into her breakfast routine. 

As Natalia finishes preparing her meal, she takes in the scene playing out in front of her. A younger man licks the pussy of an older woman, perhaps late thirties. She moans and bucks her hips in fake ecstasy, as the young stud sloppily dangles his tongue out and tickles her cunt in a way that would bring about no real pleasure in reality. She scoffs for a moment, but then allows herself to be drawn into the pornographic show, admiring the cheesy, if not clumsy, attempt at sensuality.

Natalia loves the idea of being a cougar; however, being only 26, she doesn't quite fit that category. Still, she relates to the stereotype of cougars aggressively searching out men, taking what they needed from their younger conquests. Now that, she could identify with. 

Impulsively, she reaches for her phone on the countertop, choosing a contact and rapidly typing out a short, curt message.

*Free now. Door unlocked. Get here*

She waits impatiently for a response, her eyes darting back and forth between her TV and phone screen. Finally, a new message pops up.

*on my way.*

Natalia glances at the clock. *Fifteen minutes.* she stamps her foot impatiently, turn off the TV and pacing back and forth, until stopping to peer out the window of her high rise apartment. 

She needed some go to men in her life, as searching through bars and hotels was not a feasible and sustainable activity to keep going throughout the week. Natalia's urges were very intense, and frequent. She found herself to be much more impulsive, irritable, and erratic when she goes without sex for even a portion of a day.

Although she enjoyed the rawness and excitement from fucking total strangers in public, there were a few bonuses to having her select myriad of partners. For starters, she made sure her 'regulars' were free from STDs, and she made it clear to them that they needed to routinely receive check ups if they wanted their arrangements with her to continue.

Also, she kept them all at a cold distance. This one in particular, who was currently on the way, understood and respected this. He was a young nineteen year old college student with raging hormones, and he was sort of a dick. It didn't matter to Natalia. He saw her as somewhat of a booty call, which she appreciated. Her other partners tended to view her as a friend with benefits, despite her cold personality. To her, they were a means to an end.

Manuel, the one coming over, had a clearer understanding with Natalia. He left her alone, unless she contacts him first. He made time whenever she called, and would usually be present as soon as possible. 

Today was no different. Her phone rings quicker than she anticipated, and she picks up and buzzes him into the front gate without a word. Her hand darts to her clit and she plays with herself in quiet anticipation. She allows her robe to slip over her shoulders and cascade to her elbows as she slides her finger down into her growing wetness, leaning against the windowsill. Her eyes dart to the TV screen, as the young stud begins to jackhammer into his costar, in such a way that Natalia would no doubt be receiving very soon. 

The door creaks open as Manuel steps into her entryway, a barely concealed youthful lust washing over his face as he sees Natalia posed on the windowsill. He clasps his hands together as he takes in the sight of her, leaving her front door slightly ajar.  

She realizes with a quick glance in the mirror across the room that she looked exceptionally beautiful in the natural morning sunlight. Her robe had fallen to her elbows, exposing her full chest, and with one leg on the ground and the other on the windowsill, the young man got a full view of her bald pussy. She dips her finger in between her slick lips and presses in as her attention returns to the man in front of her.

Manuel was an athletic, lean specimen of Puerto Rican descent. He was the kind of guy that meticulously focused on his appearance, always with a fresh haircut, line up, and not a single hair on his body. He had on a tank top and basketball shorts, and due to the perspiration on his forehead and the sweat on his clothes, Natalia surmises that he had just come straight from the gym. 

Manuel steps into the main room, casually taking off his tank top and letting it fall carelessly on the floor. Natalia remains where she is, wordlessly watching him as she slowly masturbates, adding a second finger to her efforts. 

"I was in the area," Manuel states, as he glances over at the pornographic scene on the TV. He chuckles and looks back at Natalia. "I kinda figured a girl like you would be into porn."

Natalia arches an eyebrow at him; not so much as a defensive response, as it was a question of why he was wasting time. He knew her rules. Fucking her was a privilege that she could rescind at any point, and he knew it. The rules were simple; no small talk, and her pleasure comes first. 

Manuel chuckles again as he kicks his sneakers off, letting them roll haphazardly around the room. He approaches her purposefully, until he stands directly in front of her. A fierce look crosses his face, and he reaches out and pulls her hand free from her pussy. With his other hand, he roughly replaces her fingers with his own. Natalia inhales sharply at the intrusion, but remains still perched on the windowsill. Manuel knew what he was doing, and he knew exactly how she liked it.

She leans forward as he swirls his fingers around inside of her, making sure that they are coated in her juices. She takes in his masculine scent, and a shiver crawls down her spine. He smells of sweat and his natural odor. He most likely hasn't taken a shower today, but she doesn't mind. She finds his primal scent intoxicating, and she leans in to take it all in, reaching up to his neck for added support. 

Once his fingers are properly lubricated, he slides his middle and ring finger deeper into her, his palm pressing against her throbbing clit. He plants his free hand firmly into her pubic bone, pressing her firmly into the window sill. Natalia takes in a breath, almost trembling with anticipation. She is not like other women, who want to have dainty, soft foreplay. She needs, almost craves, rough and purposeful sex. Manuel knows this, and probably appreciates this aspect of her sexuality. She exhales and gyrates her hips against his grip, giving him permission. 

"UHHNG - uh! Fuck!" Natalia cries out as he begins to rapidly move his hand up and down inside of her, creating loud sloshing sounds that echo throughout the room. That sound is joined by the slapping of skin, as Natalia scrambles to grasp his neck and shoulders more tightly. Manuel continues his barrage as her legs struggle to maintain their composure on her precarious perch. 

"Mmmm, yeah, like that! Ohhh!" Natalia cries out, groaning with each breath as his arm increases intensity. He leans in and presses his shoulder into her, pinning her helplessly against the window as he presses his palm harder into her clit. "Gah! Nnnngggh!" Natalia grits her teeth as she feels a wave of primal pleasure building from deep inside her.

"Keep going! Don't stop, don't ... you ... mmmmff - AHH! YES! Faster! There you go, I'm right there!" The wave building inside of her crescendos into a powerful orgasm, as she frantically slaps his back. "I'm cumming!" Natalia's eyes roll back as her body quakes and spasms, a spurt of her feminine juices splashing onto the floor. Manuel slows his pace to the throws of her orgasm, pressing his fingers up and into her g-spot. Her arms and legs flail and quiver erratically as she opens her mouth in a breathless scream, ending her silent cry with a guttural grunt.

She lay there for a moment, sprawled against the window with a panting Manuel pressing up against her. As he slides his fingers out of her, she pushes him away and stands to her feet, regaining her composure despite just having an orgasm. Catching her breath, she lets her crumpled robe slide off of her arms and glances down at Manuel's noticeable bulge in his shorts. Without hesitation, she eagerly pulls his waistband down, letting his six inch cock spring free.

Just as Manuel knew what she wanted, Natalia knows what he wants. She lowers herself to her knees, coming face to face with his cleanly shaven and uncircumcised dick. She could almost taste the saltiness of his scent, and it only drove her more wild. She takes his throbbing head into her mouth and swirls it around, eliciting an excited moan from him. 

Letting his dick pop from her mouth, she lowers he head down, her lips and tongue dancing down the entirety of his shaft, to his balls. She deftly pulls on his sac with her teeth, enough to cause Manuel to inhale sharply. She toys with his balls as he strokes himself, unable to resist the lust building inside of him. 

Natalia joins her hand on top of his, matching his rhythm and jacking him off while she sucks his balls into her mouth, one at a time. He groans loudly and pulls away from her, a string of precum tracing along her forehead and breaking as his shaft pops free from her hand. 

He staggers backwards, clearly trying to keep himself from shooting his spunk right then and there as he pants heavily. Natalia slowly rises to her feet and saunters over to him, fully aware of the ethereal effect the sunlight behind her was having on her form. "Lie down," she orders, "right there." She motions to the hardwood floor, and he complies, shaking his boxers and shorts free from his ankles and lying on his back.

She steps forward and stands over him, one foot placed on either side of his hips. She can feel a strand of her own juices dripping down from between her parted legs, and she revels in the moment as Manuel stares up at her, his mouth open and his cock twitching. As cocky as he was, Natalia knows that he has never seen anyone as beautiful as her.

She arches her eyebrows expectantly, her right hand resting on her hip and her left playing with her slick cunt. "Forgetting something?" She asks, a hint of condescending sarcasm in her tone. Manuel's eyes narrow in response, and he reaches down for his shorts and fumbles around while Natalia begins playing with herself in earnest, coaxing another thin rope of her feminine juices to make it's way down to the hardwood floor between his legs.

Manuel flips through his wallet, pulling out a condom and ripping at the packaging with his teeth. Natalia taps her foot and sighs with impatience before glancing back to the TV screen, becoming distracted by the almost forgotten pornographic scene playing out next to them. She watches as the man pumps into his moaning co star, harder and harder, until he cries out and pulls out of her. Natalia licks her lips as he watches him jack himself off onto the woman's stomach, coating for from her pubic hair to her breasts with each eruption.

"Ahh, damn it, that was my last one," Manuel exclaims, as he tosses aside the crumpled, unrolled rubber. Natalia's gaze remains fixated on the screen, where the last of the man's spunk shoots out with one final grunt, as the woman rubs it all over her breasts. 

"Forget it." Natalia whispers, eyes still locked on the screen, fingers still rubbing her clit. He misinterprets her meaning, and mutters "fuck" under his breath as he dejectedly reaches for his shorts. Natalia kicks them away and crouches down quickly over him, her gaze now focused on his own. 

"Forget the condom," she states, the pleased shock evident on Manuel's face. She removes her hand from her pussy and grasps the base of his cock, guiding him inside her while she lowers herself onto him, feet still planted on the ground.

"Mmmmmmf!" She moans, as she accepts the length of him into her cunt. "Oh, fuck yeah!" Manuel exclaims, as she begins to bounce up and down in earnest. He brings his hips up to meet her, the slapping sounds intensifying as they both become more forceful.

"Mmm - mmm, yeah - oh! Fuckin - unnh!" As their rhythm become more intense, Natalia leans backward, her hands now resting on the floor. "Rub my clit!" She cries out. He leans forward, bracing himself with one arm as he reaches for her throbbing clit. The slight change in angle hits just the right spot, sending her closer and closer into ecstasy. 

"Yeah, like that! Use your thumb - fuck, that's good! Rub it hard- GUHH!" She yelps as her second orgasm begins to racks her body. Her pussy clamps down on him and a gush of fluid pushes his dick out. She slips backward, her bare ass landing on the floor between his legs as his dick springs free, her slick juices splashing them both.

"FUCK! Put it back it! Put it ba- OHHH!" Natalia wails, as Manuel quickly hops to his knees, taking her legs onto his shoulders and pushing his dick through the incredible tightness of her pulsating pussy in one fluid motion. She moans unintelligibly as more intense waves of pleasure crash over her. "Yeah! You fucking like this cock?!" Manuel cries out, as he wraps his arms tightly around her legs, lifting her ass off the ground to the height of his dick. 

She couldn't tell if she had a third orgasm or if it was just a continuation of the second, but her juices flowed again, splattering on the floor and dripping down her now inclined abdomen. Her arms fail about as she clamps down once more, unable to move the air in her lungs. 

Undeterred, Manuel gets to his feet and pushes her legs forward and over her head. He plunges even deeper as he squats over her, fucking her harder as he presses her knees downwards. Splatter of her fluids sprinkle her face and breasts with each thrust, as Manuel's grunts get louder and louder. 

"I'm gonna cum!" He groans.

"Cum on my tits! Come on, blow your load on my -"

Manuel pulls out with a loud cry, an impressive rope of cum flinging from within her pussy and draping itself on her stomach, chest, face, and the floor past her. He aims more carefully next, keeping her legs propped over her head as he splashes more spunk over her breasts and neck, a few stray shots glazing her cheeks.

Releasing her legs and letting them fall to the floor, he rolls to the side and lays next to her, panting and holding his throbbing dick. Natalia glances down, assessing the mess made on her heaving chest. She slows down her breathing, reaching over her head and wiping up the semen on the floor, bringing it to her breasts and rubbing it around, just like the porn star. 

A slight smile flickers over her face as she massages the slick fluid over her skin, bringing her hands lower and over her abdomen. She was thoroughly glazed. Craning her neck and bringing her knees up, her momentary smile turns into a frown as she follows the original stream of jizz to its origin. Scooping some of the wetness from her pussy, she displays the evidence to Manuel.

"You came in me." Natalia states matter-of-factly. Manuel shrugs for a moment as she gets off the ground. "Well, I more came on you, more than anything,"he defended. She turns and faces him as he attempts to make his case "Besides, I didn't shoot any inside of -"

His explanation is halted short as a rather significant amount of cum drips down her leg and splatters on the floor between her feet. She glares at him coldly, and he raises his hands in defense. "Hey, I wasn't the one that said no condom. Besides, it was kind of hot, right?"

He falters his words as she cocks an eyebrow at him. Fortunately for him, Natalia's irritation fades as she turns around and walks to the kitchen, knowing that Manuel was no doubt staring at her bare, heart-shaped ass with each step. Grabbing a cup from the cabinet, she pours herself a glass of water and drinks it's entirety, glancing over at Manuel as he gathers his scattered clothing and begins to dress.

Grabbing a towel from her linen closet, she wraps herself in it and follows Manuel to the entryway. Her eyes narrow as she realizes that the front door had remained open during their encounter, but she shrugs it off and ushers him out of the door.

The look in his eyes as he passes her tells her how much he wanted to stay, go again for another round, or even call her, but he knows the rules, and smartly stays silent. Manuel pauses outside the door to put on his shoes when she begins to close the door.

"'Sup." She pauses as she hears Manuel's voice, slightly irritated that he might be wasting her time with an attempt at conversation. She opens the door fully, freezing as Manuel walks past her new neighbor - Derek, was it? - who was apparently the one he spoke to. Derek gives him a courteous nod as he leans nonchalantly against the hallway wall, slightly off center to Natalia's door. Manuel looks back with a smirk, obviously ecstatic that another male had seen indisputable proof of his unbelievably attractive score. 
