 She went to the shower before she laid down for the night. Standing underneath the hot water letting her mind wander back to him, she turned around to finish rinsing off and felt the pulsating water strike her nipples, making them instantly hard and sensitive. She ran her hands down her body imagining him there with her, and it was his hands on her body not her own. She got out of the shower and dried off quickly, then walked to her bedroom feeling the cooler air out of the bathroom, her nipples began to ache, how she yearned just to have his hands and mouth on them. Feeling her pussy become wet, she went to her side table and pulled out her favorite toy. 

As she laid down between the cool sheets of her bed, she ran her hand over her nipples pinching and pulling on them, a slight moan escaped her. She massaged her breasts with her hands, pinching and pulling on her nipples. Running one hand down over her stomach, to her wet pussy, she sank one finger deep inside of her pussy. Slowly pumping it in and out she added a second finger, feeling her fingers begin to stretch her walls slightly, she grabbed her vibrator, and slid it into her mouth making sure it was wet, wishing it was his cock she was sucking on.

She slid her vibe down between her pussy lips, across her clit jumping slightly from the vibrations as they hit her clit, then slowly slid her toy deep inside of her wet pussy. Stroking it in and out of her slowly at first then picking up speed, she slipped it out and pressed it against her throbbing clit. She spread her lips apart and shoved her vibe deep into her hole. Shuddering from the first waves of her orgasm, she continued pumping it in and out of her until she fully climaxed, her pussy walls tightening around the vibe as it was thrust harder and harder into her. 

As she began to come down from her orgasm, she could her his deep voice in her head, "Put it in your ass for me baby." Grinning to herself, she slid her vibe back and pressed it against her tight ass. Pushing it inside of her ass, her body started to shudder again from the quickly rising orgasm. She began to pump the vibe in and out of her ass with one hand, while her other hand, moved from her nipples down to her clit, rubbing it and driving her fingers back inside of her pussy. She took her fingers from her pussy and brought them to her mouth, sucking her own juices from her fingers before moving them back to her clit. Rubbing it harder and faster as she felt her orgasm building, she drove her fingers hard into her pussy, thrusting her vibe harder and faster into her ass. 

Her orgasm overtook her, her body shuddered uncontrollably, her pussy tightened around her fingers as she still pumped her fingers in and out, causing her to cum for a third time.

When she finally came down from the intense orgasms, she slid her fingers from her pussy, licking them clean, then pulled her vibe from her ass, she took it to the bathroom to clean it. As she was walking back to her bedroom, she saw someone's shadow moving around her bedroom. She crept as quietly back into the bedroom only to see the one person she didn't think she would see anytime soon. 

There he was the one who haunted her dreams and her every thought during the day, his intense blue eyes staring back at her. She started to shake her head trying to clear it, thinking it was all a dream. "He's not really there, this is just a dream. It's all a dream." At least that's what she thought, until he walked over to her.. Tears welled in her eyes, shaking her head again she asked, "Is it really you? Tell me this isn't a dream and you are really here with me." A sly grin came across his face, his hand came up and cupped her face and said, "You tell me. Is this one of your dreams or am I really here?" He leaned down and softly kissed her lips, as the tears slid silently down her face. He wrapped his arms around her, lifting her off her feet as her arms slid around his neck. He turned with her in his arms back to the bed and laid her down, he stood back up taking off his black shirt and jeans, standing there in his boxers he let his eyes roam over her body. 

She wasn't the best looking person he had ever met, and yet she wasn't ugly either. She was average, she had nice breast, large, heavy 38D that he loved to caress in his hands, and large nipples that he loved to lick, bite and pull on. She was shorter then him, she wasn't thin and she wasn't fat, she was right in the middle, she had dark hair medium length curly, and the eyes that change all the time the kind of eyes a person can get lost in. There was something about this woman that pulled him and refused to let him go. He couldn't walk away from her even tho he tried. 

As she watched him look her over, she felt the need to cover herself. As she reached for the sheet to pull over her body she heard him growl deep in his throat as he said. "Don't cover your body I want to look at you." 

She propped herself up in her elbows, the tears still running down her face, she looked at him, from his intense blue eyes to his well defined chest and abs, down to his large cock, still restrained by his boxers. She sat up fully on the bed, and moved to the edge where he still stood. Reaching towards him, she grabbed his boxers at the waist and pulled them down, releasing his cock from its confines. She leaned forward, looking up at him she flicked her tongue out and across the head teasing him.

His cock jumped as she heard him take a deep breath. She slowly slid her mouth around his cock taking him deep into her throat. She heard him let out a small moan, smiling to herself she let out a moan of her own as the head of his cock hit the back of her throat. Wrapping her hand around his cock, she stroked him while her mouth sucked on the head of his cock, twirling her tongue around the head she gripped his cock harder in her hand as she stroked him faster. Spitting on the head of his cock before she took him back into her mouth, she heard him moan again as he wrapped his hands in her hair.

As she sucked his cock harder, he tightened his grip in her hair, tugging on it gently at first, then harder when he felt her hand on his balls. She slid from the edge of the bed kneeling in front of him, with his hand in her hair, she continued to stroke his cock with her hand, as she leaned down more to run her tongue along his balls. 

First around one then the other, and then she took one of his balls into her mouth softly sucking on it, then moved to do the same with the other. She heard him gasp as her tongue slid over his balls, as his hand tightened more in her hair pulling on it harder. She began to slide her tongue over his cock, then she slowly made her way up his body with her tongue and mouth softly kissing and licking her way up. 

As she stood in front of him, with her hand still stroking his cock, and one of his hands still buried in her hair, he pulled her head back, and leaned down and kissed her passionately, pushing her back towards the bed.

She pushed herself back on the bed away from the edge, instantly spreading her legs, and pulling him with her, needing to feel his weight on top of her. As they laid there kissing and running their hands all over each other, he grabbed a hold of one of her breast and pinched and pulled on her nipple, making her moan against his mouth.. He pulled away from her mouth, and moved down her neck biting roughly. He took one nipple into his mouth biting it softly, while his hand pinched and pulled the other one.. He moved his hand down her body, lightly skimming over her stomach down to her wet pussy. 

Spreading her lips, he rubbed his thumb against her clit, then slid his fingers deep into her tight, hot, wet pussy. She moaned and arched her back as his fingers slid into her, her hands twisted into the sheets as he moved down her body. His tongue flicked across her clit, making her gasp and call out his name. Pumping his fingers in and out of her, he spread her lips with his other hand and started sucking on her clit, quickly building her orgasm. He felt her walls tighten around his fingers and he pulled them out and buried his tongue deep inside of her. Tasting her juices as they exploded over his tongue. He growled deep down in his throat and sat up, grabbed her thighs and pulled her roughly towards him.

Sliding his large thick cock up and down between her lips, then thrusting himself hard and deep into her. She gasped and moaned loudly as he drove himself into her. He hooked his arms around her legs, and leaned forward as he drove himself harder and deeper into her, her nails digging into his chest, her eyes half closed from passion. 

He abruptly pulled out of her and stood up off the bed, he pulled her to the edge of the bed and flipped her over onto her stomach. She got up on her knees, her hands gripping the sheets, she felt him move behind her. He gripped her hips and drove himself back deep inside of her, her walls clenching his cock tight. He reached up and grabbed her hair tugging on it hard, as he drove himself harder into her. She cried out as another orgasm racked her body, she felt him withdraw from her yet again, and then felt his thick cock pushing against her ass. She let out a small moan as the head of his cock pushed into her ass.

Easing himself into her ass feeling as she tightened and then relaxed as he pushed further and further into her. She reached back fingering herself as he slowly began to pump in and out of her. Feeling his balls slap up against her as his cock thrust in and out, she raked her nails across the bottom of his balls. She felt another orgasm building and she looked over her shoulder at him and said, "You have to cum soon, I can't take much more." He picked up his pace, thrusting harder and faster into her, listening to her moans, and feeling her tighten around his cock again he exploded inside of her. 

As they both came down from the intense orgasms, she rolled over and looked at him and knew that this wasn't dream that he was really there, and she fell into sleep with him wrapped around her.