 PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE CONTINUING!

I don't write very many sex stories, but this is slightly based on a true story that I've experience. The sex, sadly, isn't real -- just in my dreams. Everything else is true, though. Please, don't critique me too harshly -- though I do love all kinds of feedback. There's just ways of saying something negative and saying it nicely. I don't normally write in first person, but decided to for this since it's something I experienced to an extent. I've got some other stories (female x2, celebrity) in the works, and I'm trying to perfect those. I didn't have anyone read this, but I checked for grammar and spelling mistakes... I'm sort of a nazi about that, so I hope I didn't miss any. I hope you enjoy it, if not for the sex... then for the story as a whole. Thanks a whole bunch!

*

Shane. He's kinda short (for a guy, I suppose) and has a little weight on him, but a lot of him is muscle. He loves to work out, and he takes a lot of vitamin supplements. I had always found him attractive, even when he had his hair long in the middle on the top of his head and the rest cut short but not completely shaven (like a Mohawk). He never did anything with it; he was too lazy. It hung there, and it looked scraggily. I really hated it, but it added to his character. He has a round face, but it's insanely cute. He has deep brown eyes, and I can't stand to look at them for more than a moment, or else I won't be able to look away. He has some scruff on his face; along his jaw line and chin, where it becomes more of a small beard. I've always enjoyed scruff on my men -- I'm very into the lumberjack look, though that was hardly the case with Shane.

Behemoth is Shane's favorite band. He's very into death metal, though I'm not. I can tolerate most of it, and even enjoy some here and there, but I really hate Behemoth. I also hate Job for a Cowboy, but he loves them, too. All Shane wears is black and gray. I don't mind it, really. It's kind of sexy, 'cos that's totally his style. He doesn't have any piercings, except for his tongue. Now that's really sexy -- especially when he plays with it in front of me. He doesn't know how insane it drives me with lust, but I don't dare tell him to stop because with Shane... when something bothers you and you point it out to him, he'll do his utmost best to annoy the piss outta you with it. That damn fucker. No, I don't dare tell him about the piercing.

I'm really not of Shane's type, but he thinks I'm very beautiful. I've got long blonde hair that reaches to the middle of my back. My eyes are a bright shade of green in the sunlight or more of a forest green in other lighting. I stand at what I think is the perfect height: 5 feet, 7 inches. I'm 19 years old. I'm sort of pale, because I never really enjoyed going out much. Plus, I'm pretty obsessed with vampires so I like being pale. (and bitten) Really, I think my feet and my eyes are my best features. I love my feet, they're adorable -- I take really good care of me feet, and love to receive foot rubs... or toe lickings, whatever.

I know Shane through my sister. I don't really remember how we started talking, but I know that Shane had a thing for my sister at one point. She was taken at the time, so he gave up on that... but not too long after that, she broke up with her boyfriend of 6 years, and discovered she liked Shane. Nothing ever came of them, and I was pretty glad. Shane got a girlfriend around the same time my sister broke up with her boyfriend. We were at my sister's professor's house one night, because she was house-sitting. Shane came along for the ride because he was quite bored sitting in his dorm room. We all fussed about, having random wrestling fights and whatnot. Shane liked to torture us and got a kick outta seeing my sister and I wrestle. Throughout the night, though I knew it was pointless, I flirted relentlessly with Shane. He flirted back, naturally, but I don't think he quite knew what he was doing. Somehow, we ended up cuddling... I don't think it was anything too serious -- but I coulda kissed him. I didn't, only because of his girlfriend. 

I asked him about that night once, and he confessed he would have kissed me if he hadn't a girlfriend. But man, was that bitch ever controlling. I didn't know her, and I didn't care to know her. She was the complete opposite of Shane, and I never understood how they were the slightest bit compatible. I'm way more compatible with Shane than she ever was. They actually didn't last too long, and I was euphoric when I found out they were no longer together.

Depressing enough, I live in a different city so I never got to see Shane except on those rare occasions my sister would come home for a concert and Shane would come. But like I said, it was rare... so that didn't stop me from continuously flirting. It's been a while since I last saw him, and we had stopped talking online. He hated me because I cheated on his friend at a party while he was away in the army. It was a mistake, but do I regret it? Hell no. Eventually my boyfriend came back, and he broke up with me. Good... I didn't care. But, eventually, I started talking to Shane again. He could tolerate me on most levels again, so I was content. I missed him more than I should've.

Right now, I'm visiting my sister for the weekend. Shane is in his hometown, but he should be arriving back within a few hours. I'm excited, and he said he's excited to see me too! I have the apartment to myself because everyone who lives here is working or hanging out with someone else -- I've been abandoned. But alas, I have Shane -- and I'm so fucking restless! I changed my clothes a few times already, and I can't stop pacing. I feel so fucking pathetic. I keep staring out the window, pissed off with all of the snow that came down throughout the day. Seriously, I fucking hate the winter.

It's been about two hours, and I'm watching movies On Demand. I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket, and I struggle to release it from the confines of my jeans. Finally it's free, and I open my phone to read the text message -- It's from Shane! He says he's coming up at the stairs. Like an idiot, I'm waiting by the door and it's open as soon as he knocks. He comes in, and I'm feeling a bit awkward. We talk for a little bit, and end up watching Juno since that's what was on.

I couldn't help but be near Shane. I constantly touched him in one way or the other, whether inconspicuously or not. He took notice, and said it was awkward when I was too close. But, we wrestled and he tickled the shit outta me. I hate being tickled, but he was straddling my back. Asshole... I should never have given in. But with Shane, I just couldn't help it. I sat on his lap a lot, partly because of me not being able to be too far from him. Those were the parts where he felt awkward with me being so close -- he had nowhere put his hands, so they always kind of rested on my hips, and I always leaned back. I know he didn't really like it, but... I just didn't care. I would be depressed that night, I knew, but I did it anyway. Fuck everything else, y'know? Live in the fucking moment.

Shane began to play with his tongue ring at some point. He didn't know he was doing it, and I didn't either until I heard the clink of metal on his teeth. It was bad enough I could hear it, but when I looked over my shoulder, I could see the silver in between his teeth. I instantly had butterflies, and I could feel my arousal jump around excitedly -- my leg twitched. I was sitting on Shane's lap when he started playing with his tongue ring, and I know he understood my sudden shift. He pulled me back a little so I was resting against his body, and he moved my hair and put his mouth to my ear. The clink of the metal and his breath was right against my ear, his tongue tracing the shape of my ear -- I knew Shane could feel the heat coming from between my legs. He knew how much this was driving me crazy, and he's relentless -- he won't stop, he loves to torture... Fucking masochist, but hey, that's all right with me.

He did this a few times, and I suddenly couldn't take it. People were home, at the apartment, but not actually in the living room. I got up and stuffed my arms into my coat and choked the scarf around my neck. I had to get outta here, I needed some freezing air to clear my head. But he wouldn't let me alone -- Shane followed me. He said he wanted to walk around, so we took a walk around the different apartment complexes. He fell a few times, and I always laughed. He gripped my arm and told me that if he was falling, he was taking me down with me... but if I fell, he was letting go. Jerk. We swung on the swings in the pathetic excuse for the apartment park, but I got dizzy and walked away. Like a good little pet, Shane followed.

I didn't know where I was going, and to be honest, I couldn't remember my way back to my sister's apartment so I just walked around aimlessly until something seemed familiar (but good luck with that, everything looked the same!). Shane pushed me in the snow, but it was all good fun, really. I acted like I was mad, but I secretly liked it. I took revenge on him with a snowball, and he seemed mad that I threw it at him. He pushed me up against one of the walls of one of the back apartments. I love that kind of shit, y'know, being pushed against a wall. I loved it when a guy had me pinned there with his body, his hands on either side of my head against the wall. Something about it was sexy... intimidating. 

"What're you going to do next?" I asked him. I tried to use a seductive tone, but I don't think I portrayed that very well because he put a few inches between us and dropped his hands. That's such a disappointment.

"Nothing..." he replied.

He started to back up, but I grabbed the front of his sweater and pulled him closer to me. I bit my lip, looking up at him from under my eyelashes. He looked sideways both ways, and then back down at me. I could tell he was fighting something internally, an argument with himself in his mind.

"What will it hurt?" I challenged.

"You," he said softly. What was that in his tone? Did he actually care?

I know he meant emotionally, because he knows how much I like him. It probably would hurt me physically, too... but I liked bruises, I liked biting, I liked it rough -- especially if it's from Shane. Maybe I had a little bit of masochism in me, too. Maybe everyone does, to a certain degree... but I like my fair share of pain, and I can actually withstand a lot of it...

Shane exhaled a shaky breath, but then he leaned down and softly pressed his lips to mine. I dreamt of this moment, and nothing could have been better than this. I was truly elated. He pulled his head back so the tips of our noses were just barely touching. It took me a moment to open my eyes, and when I did I found Shane looking at me curiously. There was a new look in his eyes, a look he never associated with me before. Was it lust? Was it a pure sexual need?

He answered my question by pressing his lips against my own again, this time along with his body. His hand went to the back of my head, and he gripped a fistful of my hair. I moaned, loving the feeling of my hair being pulled and whom it was being pulled by. He bit my lip then, and my whole body jerked against his -- from the pain, from the pleasure. Our tongues dueled, and it seemed to the death. I could be there all night. Shane ripped his mouth away from mine, eliciting a groan of frustration from me when his lips were gone -- but he pulled my hair at an angle so my head titled back and my neck was exposed. His lips, teeth and tongue worked wonders my neck and I moaned more loudly than I should have. I opened my eyes to look at the side of the building we were at, and I was relieved when it was a blank wall.

"Shane," I groaned with pleasure. Shit, I was so wet now.

He answered me by tearing open my coat and tugging my shirt up so my breasts were exposed. I was wearing a shirt that was impossible to wear a bra with, so I skipped out all together -- but I never dreamed of this moment, and how I still felt prepared for it. His lips locked on my already taut nipple, sucking on it and tugging at it with his teeth. His other hand kneaded my other nipple. Combined with the cold, his manipulations actually hurt to the point where it was slightly uncomfortable. I was about to mention it to him, though afraid it'd kill the mood, when he loosened a little bit and switched to the other nipple. He was a bit nicer to that one, and it was a lot more pleasurable. I moaned my approval.

Shane pressed himself harder against me, and I could feel his own arousal. I snaked my hand between our bodies and rubbed him through his jeans. He was rock hard, and larger than I'd imagined him to be. Guessing with my hand, I figured him to be almost 8 inches, and the perfect girth (for me, anyway). I never liked a skinny dick, but you can't have too fat a one... Oh, he was so fucking perfect. I had to have him, I had to taste him. I fumbled with his zipper only, not wanting to unbuckle his belt and have his pants drop to the ground -- it was freezing outside!

My heart accelerated as my hand made contact with his dick. Shane groaned in my mouth encouragingly. I fished out his dick from his boxers and dropped to my knees in front of him. He smiled his crooked smile at me, a slight shiver running through him. Apparently the cold couldn't shrink this one... but I had a few cures up my sleeve. His dick bobbed in front of me for a moment while I looked at it; Shane switched his weight from foot to foot impatiently. I laughed softly and gripped it in my hand, getting a feel for the thing. 

A drop of pre-cum oozed from the slit of the light purple head. There seemed to be a magnet from the pre-cum to my tongue; I licked it up instantly, and it tasted heavenly! I've had my fair share of sucking dick, but Shane tasted better than I've ever had. I couldn't wait any longer -- my mouth engulfed his member half-way before I pulled back out. I lathered him up nicely with my spit, and worked it all over his dick. He held my hair back as my head bobbed up and down, my hand twisting down as my mouth took in more of him. I'd never been one for deep-throating because my gag reflexes are horrible -- I have trouble just brushing my tongue when I brush my teeth -- but, I figured I'd give it a shot, for him.

I read enough stories, and I watched enough porn to know the mechanics of it, but I was doing this my own way. I slowly took more and more of him, feeling him at the back of my throat. My nostrils flared and I breathed slowly through them, not daring to take in a breath through my mouth. I could feel him start to slide down my throat, and I worked my tongue as best I could in such a trapped environment. I groaned at the feeling of him lodged in my throat -- he pressed his hands on the back of my head and his crotch into my face. I was almost down to the small patch of neatly trimmed pubes he had escaping the confines of his boxers. I knew some guys liked the vibrations of humming, so I continued to hum while I sucked him on. I pulled him completely out of my mouth, gasping and gagging.

Saliva had congregated in my mouth, so I spit on his dick and sucked him in again. "Yeah Maggie, suck my cock," Shane encouraged. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum," he warned after only another short time from me paying attention to his head, and from fondling his balls. I sucked hard and pumped faster, awaiting the strings of hot cum. I wanted to feel it filling my mouth and sliding down my throat and overflowing from my mouth so it slid down my chin. I got what I wished for -- Shane slammed his dick down my throat, pumping his seed straight into my belly. He pulled back a little, allowing me to slowly pull my mouth up to his head, where I milked him for every last drop.

"Shit," he groaned and fell back against the building. I wiped his cum from my lips and licked my finger clean, and the stood up in front of him.

He was still so hard, and I was still so horny. Shane pulled me to him and traced my lips with his tongue before diving into my mouth, tasting himself. He hand found the top of my jeans and sank his hand in. I shivered at the contact of his cold hands against my bare skin, but I spread my legs and unbuckled my belt to give him easier access. "Fuck baby, you're soaked," he whispered into my ear.

Shane slid his middle finger in between my slit a couple of times before he finally slid it into my awaiting pussy. I groaned as he slowly finger fucked me a few times before adding his index finger, too. This was good, but not good enough. I shucked down my jeans, no longer bothered by the freezing weather. My panties went down along with my jeans, and I spread my legs as far as my feet would go with the restrictions. Shane made due and knelt down in front of me. He wasted no time in cupping his mouth to my cunt, sucking on my clit, flicking it with his tongue. The wet sound of him pumping his fingers in and out of my pussy turned me on even more. I could already feel my climax approaching. "Harder," I demanded, though my throat clenched and it came out as more of a gasping whine. He obliged. "Mmm, yeah, just like that baby. Fuck my pussy with your fingers," I moaned.

Soon enough, I felt the tightening in my lower belly -- not to mention the twitch and shakes of my body before hand -- as my orgasm overtook me. Shane sucked hard on my clit as his fingers pumped furiously in and out of me. I bucked against his hand and face, trying to get more of his fingers into me. My orgasm lasted longer than I expected, but I finally came down from the high after only a few deep breaths. Shane was still kneeling in front of me, his face and hand glistening with my juices. Oh, it was so good but not nearly good enough. I needed to feel his cock inside of me. NOW.

"Shane, fuck me." I demanded of him. I don't think he needed any more encouragement than that. He stood up instantly, and pulled free a foot from out of my jeans. He massaged his dick in a few strokes with one hand, and lifted my foot up onto his shoulder with the other (I thanked my lucky stars I'd been stretching a lot lately). He slid his dick in my slit a few times to coat it with my pussy juice, and then I could feel the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. He seemed to hesitate.

"Fuck me," I groaned. I couldn't stand the wait!

With that, he thrust his cock to the hilt inside of me. I was so wet that it slid in without much effort. He stayed like that for a moment, probably reveling in the feeling of my pussy walls gripping him tightl. I rocked my hips slightly to get his attention, "Fuck me hard, Shane. Hard and fast, make it hurt." 

Shane's eyes lit up when I said that, and less than the space of a heartbeat, he was pulling out and thrusting back into me. He fucked me just how I needed to be fucked, and I talked dirty to him in his ear -- oh, it drove him so wild with lust. I seemed to match his every move, and pushed myself down onto him when he thrust into me.

"Yeah baby, you like this tight cunt, don't ya? Mmm, it's been waiting for you Shane." He answered by giving me one extra hard thrust. "OH YES, fuck me harder!"

My breasts were bouncing all over the place. He gripped one, squeezing it so hard I drew blood from biting down on my lip. I pulled his mouth to mine and kissed him with all of the passion I could muster (which wasn't hard to find). He groaned into my mouth. I felt his tongue wipe away the blood from my lip; I knew he had a thing for blood. One of Shane's arms wrapped around my waist and the other locked onto my leg that was on his shoulder. He started to pound into me like a jackhammer, groaning about how he was going to cum.

"Cum inside me, baby!" I somehow managed in my near breathless state.

