 *For Zoe*

Saturday night in the city. I'm on my way home from another lonely night in the bar. At this point, I'm only a little buzzed, but I don't take any chances. I head for the subway. The chill of snow doesn't reach me while I sit in the underground terminal. I pull my cell out of my leather jacket. Past midnight. I lean back in my seat, and wait for the train to arrive.

Music plays in my earbuds, but I still hear the roar of the train long before it approaches. I get out of my seat, and wait patiently. As the train rolls up next to me, I see that most cars are surprisingly full. As the doors slide open, I step inside. All the seats are full, but the aisle itself has very few people standing in it. I grab onto one of the overhead bars, and glance around the train. Right before the doors close, I see her walk in.

The inside of the train was noticeably warmer than the outside, she noted. She pulled off her gloves, and put them in her handbag. Her boots clicked as she walked over to the middle of the aisle, and grabbed an overhead bar. She scanned the train, studying each face before moving on. About halfway through, she came across one man's face.

He was standing in the aisle, and his eyes jerked away when they saw she was looking at him. She smiled. Since he was checking her out, she returned the favor. Her eyes flickered briefly over his whole body, as she took in his attire. Jeans, white dress shirt, and a black leather jacket, with worn sneakers peeking out under the jeans. His features were strong, if a little plain. Black hair hung over bright blue eyes, which were still carefully averted. His head bobbed unconsciously to the beat of the music coming out of his earbuds. 

She smiled to herself again, while adjusting her coat. When the train came to a stop at a terminal, she made her move.

I was still looking away when the train came to a stop. I decided to risk another look, and tried to see if that girl was getting off. To my surprise, not only had she stayed, but as she moved around to accommodate the comer and goers, she ended up standing right next to me in the aisle. I did another quick once-over. Oh hell yes.

She stood at around five eight, only a few inches shorter than me. Her boots clung to her calves, and went seamlessly over her tight jeans. Her black jacket was unbuttoned, revealing a low cut blue blouse that displayed her incredible cleavage. A necklace hung so low that it was in serious danger of getting lost in that valley. I'm no expert on bra sizes, but they were easily larger than her head, and milky smooth. Tearing my eyes away from her amazing breasts, I looked at her head. Long brown hair bounced around at chin level, framing a pouty mouth, and brown eyes that sparkled mischievously.

As I studied her face, her eyes met mine again, and I quickly occupied myself with the advertisements plastered on the train car walls. I could feel my face heat up as I watched her out of the corner of my eye. Something about this girl was positively magnetic. I tried to focus on my music, and push her out of my mind.

This all went to hell when the train made a sudden turn to the left, and I felt her breasts push against my arm. They stayed there for an endless second, and then they were gone. I felt my face redden even more, as I used all my willpower to stare ahead. I didn't dare look at her, for fear of tipping her off.

The train jerked again, and her breasts came back, gleefully pressed against my arm. This time they stayed there, with my every nerve singing in joy. I tried to ignore them. I really did. I didn't think about how soft they were, pressed against me. I didn't consider their fleshy weight as they bounced in time with the train. I certainly didn't observe how warm they were, like a ray of sunlight coming through a window.

After about a minute of me not thinking about all those things, I slowly moved my elbow. I marveled at the texture of her breasts, how they rolled in response to my movements, and seemed intent on smothering it. I shot a quick look at the girl, to see if I'd overstepped any bounds. To my surprise, she was staring disinterestedly to one side, not even looking at me. It may have been my imagination, but I thought I saw the hint of a smile on her face.

As my elbow explored the vast pillowy expanse of her chest, I felt her arm move. A second later, I had to stifle a cry as her hand touched my butt. Her long probing fingers fondled my ass, as I involuntarily tightened up. I couldn't see her face, but her hand seemed overjoyed at this new development.

I turned around, to go face to face with her. We stared into each other's eyes, our pupils dilated, and mouths desperately trying to hold back a smile. She didn't miss a beat, and wrapped her arms around me, hugging my ass. Her breasts pressed against my chest, with her cleavage seeming to go on forever. Her hands pushed my waist closer to her, until our bodies were completely pressed against one another. Despite my best effort, I started getting hard.

With my breathing ragged, I snaked my left arm up towards her chest as my right held on to the overhead bar for the both of us. Her eyes sparkled with approval as I groped her wondrous breasts. She adjusted her grip, so that one hand was wrapped around my waist. With her free hand, she brought it down past her hips, and put it in between us. 

My heart rate shot up as I felt her hand slowly caress my stiffening member. Her eyes scanned my face for reaction as she explored my dick through my jeans. She rubbed slowly, but insistently, keeping a steady pace. I bent my head as I started getting harder. Her eyes smoldered, lips pursed together to contain her smile.

An eternity would have been too soon, but as the train ground to a halt, I saw her eyes flick over to the map. Her stop had come up. Our eyes met. 

I grabbed her hand, and she led me off the train. We walked for about five minutes, never letting go the entire time. We entered her apartment complex, and headed for the elevator. As soon as the doors slid closed, we started kissing madly.

I held her head with both of my hands, and pressed hard against her lips. Our tongues snaked in and out, touching and darting back. As the doors opened to her floor, we staggered out of the elevator, our lips still locked together. She fumbled for her keys, and blindly groped for the doorknob. With some effort, she managed to get the door opened, and we fell inside. I kicked the door shut as I pressed her up against a wall, our hot breath mingling in our mouths.

We broke away from kissing long enough to tear off our clothing. I wrenched my jacket off, as she got to work on my shirt buttons. Once my shirt hit the floor, I pulled off her blouse, and kicked off my shoes. The sight of her breasts clad in only a black satin bra drove me wild. I grabbed them, and kissed them madly. She reached behind her back, and snapped the clasp off.

To say my heart stopped for a moment would be underselling it. Beautiful milky twin globes, topped by rosy nipples. She clasped her hands together, and pressed them together. I bent down, and brought one of her nipples to my mouth. I sucked and nibbled on it, while playing with the other nipple with my free hand. She let out an appreciative sigh. Within minutes, they were rock hard, and so was I.

She knelt down and unzipped my fly. My jeans dropped to the floor, leaving me standing in nothing but boxers. My erection tented the front, aching to be let free. Her hands moved deftly, grabbing my waistband, and pulling it down. My cock popped out, and I sighed in relief.

She grasped my cock with one warm hand, and started pumping gently. With her other hand, she cupped my balls, squeezing them gently. Her tongue flicked over the top of my swollen head, sending shivers of pleasure down my spine.

She increased her pumping, as I staggered down into the couch. She knelt between my legs, and brought her head down. I let out a ragged groan as I felt her hot lips circle my shaft. With her tongue teasing my head, she started bobbing up and down. I brushed her hair away from her face, and we stared deeply into each other's eyes as she went up and down on me. 

She must've taken this as a challenge, because she increased her sucking. I breathed in air quickly, and tensed up. Pleasure cascaded in waves, rocking me back. After two minutes, I felt the pressure building, and I grabbed her head, and managed to pull her off. She looked up inquisitively at me, as I helped her to her feet.

I started undoing her jeans, and her eyes got that crazy glint again. As I pulled down her jeans, I kissed her, from her mouth, to her neck, and working my way down to her satin panties. I pulled down her panties, revealing a completely hairless vagina. I pushed her down onto the couch, and lifted her legs up. 

I brought my head up to her vagina, and kissed it gently. Egged on by her appreciative moans, I flicked my tongue out, and teased her clit. I played with it until it was fully engorged and throbbing gently. I thrust my tongue into her moist folds, and swirled it around. Her legs wrapped around my head, and she gripped the cushions of the couch in a death grip. I continued my swirling, taking care to tease the clit often. Her legs and thighs crushed against my head, but I kept up the pace. After ten minutes of this, I could feel her writhing more and more, until she let out a loud scream. Her body writhed around as she orgasmed. My ears almost popped from the pressure.

After a minute, her body subsided, and she released my head from her crotch. Her face was flushed, and she took me by the hand into her bedroom. We fell onto her bed, and kissed passionately. She spread her legs, inviting me inside. I took ahold of my erection, and entered gently.

Her insides were heaven. Her pussy clenched my cock tightly, as I slowly worked my way in. I built up a rhythm of short fast thrusts, holding her thighs as her legs went over my shoulders. She hung her head back, eyes closed in ecstasy. 

I changed the pacing of my thrusts, going for harder and deeper thrusts. Her breasts rocked back and forth with every push, hypnotizing me. I used one hand to tease her clit while I thrust. Her hips bucked in time with my exertions.

I could feel the pressure building again, and this time I let it. I increased the pacing ever more, now thrusting almost to the hilt, as fast as I could. She sensed my urgency, and responded by clenching as hard as she could. Finally, I couldn't take anymore, and exploded into her. I came so hard my whole body went weak for a moment, and I slumped down over her, my cock still inside. She held my head against her breasts, the both of us covered in sweat, panting heavily.

I rolled over, and we held each other without saying a word, basking in the afterglow. She kissed me again, and we just lay there, together. I closed my eyes, and drifted off into a blissful and well deserved sleep.