 "Are you guys ready to do this?" Scott yelled as I pulled us up to the curb and threw the pickup into park. I flipped off the lights and turned the ignition off, and all three of us jumped out of the vehicle.

"Damn straight," Nick said as he slammed his door and pulled on his old, beaten up KU hat. We walked the half block down the sidewalk to the local bar. The night was crisp and clear, a perfect night to be outside in one of our backyards tossing back some beers and catching up. But as it was, we were dropping into the hottest spot in our tiny hometown to see everyone else who was back for the Easter weekend. Scott, Nick, and myself hadn't seen each other in a few months since all of us were away at school, and it was a long trip between KU, MSU, and UT. But, I hadn't seen a lot of my old classmates for a few years so it was a good excuse to hit up the local bar and catch up with everybody. And, who knows? We usually figured out a way to turn our nights into stories when we went out. Tonight could hold some promise.

Scott walked up to the bar and ordered us a pitcher as Nick moved to the pool table in the back. Nobody was on the table, which was surprising, so we dropped in a few quarters and pulled out the balls. Scott found his way to the back and handed us our glasses.

"So tell me about this new chick you're with, Brandon," Scott said.

"New chick?" Nick interrupted. "I haven't heard anything about a new chick, man."

"Yeah, I met her down at school," I told them. "She's actually really awesome. Pretty laid back about stuff, smart, hot - you know."

"Oh yeah?" Scott responded. "She as hot as Anne was?"

Nick interrupted again, "Now Anne was hot, man. I can't believe you guys broke it off."

"Anne was hot. But I'm telling you. This girl is way hotter," I boasted.

"You guys ever do any crazy shit?" Scott asked.

"Not really, I guess. Pretty much the same as with Anne. Mostly just sex," I responded. "I've kind of given up on girls doing 'crazy' stuff anyway. If you find a girl who's into that kind of shit, she's probably done it with a dozen other guys."

"I don't know, man," Nick chipped in. "It might be worth it. There are some freaky girls out there."

We fell right into our old routine of talking about girls, classes, and our craziest drunken stories.

***

A couple of hours later, after we had managed to empty our fourth pitcher, Nick went up to the bar to grab his round.

"It kinda sucks that there aren't any waitresses in here," I observed.

"No kidding. Enough people come in here. They could probably keep a couple on hand on a Friday night. Might even sell more beer," said Scott.

I leaned over the table to take a shot on the 6-ball.

"Dude, guess who just walked in," Scott whispered. "Anne. She's looking good."

I stood up from my shot and peered over to the front door. Anne had indeed walked into the bar with a couple of her old high school friends, Keri and Ashley. Scott was right too. Anne did look good. But not any different than she had when I was dating her a few years ago. Just good.

It's something I've noticed before. No matter who you are dating, there's always someone who looks different than your current girlfriend that starts to become hot. And Anne had that look tonight. The whole time I was dating her it was always the petite, brunette girls that were catching my eye. Girls that look exactly like my current girlfriend. But Anne was not a petite brunette. She had some great curves. She reminded me of a farmer's daughter. Golden blonde hair. Bright blue eyes. Big smile. And a chest and an ass that didn't stop. At least now. I distinctly remember not thinking that way when I was dating her. It always seemed that she was too curvy.

As I stared across the room at her and her friends, she caught my gaze and her face lit up. I saw her lips mouth, "Oh my god." She started across the bar while Keri went up to order some drinks for them.

"I did not expect you to be here," she smiled as she walked up and gave me a hug. "I thought you'd be down in Texas."

"Well, I didn't expect to see you either," I stated. "How are things?"

"They're great. We just stopped in to have a drink before the bar closed. I always forget it closes so early here. I'm used to the two'o'clock closing time up at school," she said.

"I know what you mean," I answered. "Let's go sit and have a drink. These guys can hold the table."

"Yeah, that sounds good," she replied.

Scott and Nick both cracked smiles when I glanced back at them. I know exactly what they were thinking, but there was no way. There was no way I was going to cheat on my new girlfriend. It didn't make any sense. She was hot as hell and I was probably going to end up marrying her. Cheating on her would provide one night of pleasure, and in exchange would ruin the relationship with the woman of my dreams. Besides, even if I had wanted to, Anne wouldn't go for it. She wasn't that type of person.

"So how are things with you?" Anne asked.

"They're great actually. Classes are going well. I've met some cool people down there. Got some good leads on jobs after I graduate," I said.

"Wow. Going really well then," she stated. "How are Nick and Scott?"

"Oh, they're fine. Up to the usual stuff. You know Nick and Scott," I returned.

She responded, "Yeah, I guess I do." Out of nowhere she started cracking up. "You remember the time when Nick got the blue Chevy stuck in the ditch trying to pull Katie and Ashley out of the snow?"

"Oh yeeeahhh," I started laughing. "We had to call you to steal your dad's truck to come pull us out because we couldn't call the cops or the towing company."

"You guys had a little too much to drink that night," she kept laughing. "And then after we got Nick's truck pulled out, you guys all tried to push Katie's car out of the snow."

"That's riiight. Scott slipped in the snow and she floored it and nailed him in the face with the snow," I started crying I was laughing so hard.

"Too funny," she said as she caught her breath. "How did Scott get away with that anyway? His dad is always up late."

I wiped my eyes, "They went to the 24-hour station out on the interstate and he dried himself off with one of the bathroom dryers. His dad never had a clue."

"Oh that's right. Nick drove him out to the interstate and you came with -- ," she stopped short.

The memories came back in a flood. She had taken me home that night since it was getting late, but we had stopped a couple of miles away on a deserted country road first. It was one of the more memorable times that we had been with each other. Her dad's truck had the huge club cab, with plenty of room in the back seat to stretch out. And we had made use of all of the space. It may have been the single best sex I had ever had. The windows had fogged completely over. We were sweating rivers. And we had somehow found synchronization with the suspension of the truck as it rocked slightly back and forth.

I snapped back to the present. "Anyway."

"Sorry," she said softly as she looked up from the table. "That was a little awkward. Soooo... how's the dating scene now? You dating anyone?"

"As a matter of fact I am," I responded.

"Well, tell me about her. What's her name? What does she do?" Anne replied.

"Her name is Jenny, and I met her down at Texas. She's studying exercise science," I said.

"I like the name Jenny. Are things good? I mean, do you guys get along and all?" she asked.

"Yeah, we get along great. She's a really fun person. Not too daring, but she's really laid back about stuff," I said.

"Not too daring?" Anne asked. "What do you mean?"

"I don't know. I guess I don't know why I said that. She's not really adventurous, but definitely open to new things," I answered.

The light above the table flicked off and on, and we glanced over to the bartender as he announced last call.

"Wow, closing time already?" I muttered.

"What are you guys doing tonight?" asked Anne.

"Not a whole lot," I responded. "We'll probably just head home. There's not much to do in this town."

"We were gonna go back to my place, well... Keri and I were gonna go back to my place and do a little late night partying," she said. "My parents are down visiting my brother for Easter so we wouldn't wake anyone up. Do you and Nick and Scott wanna come over?"

"Sure, let me ask," I replied.

I walked over to Nick and Scott who had been talking to Keri and Ashley.

Nick jumped in, "Dude, you wanna go over to Anne's and chill in the yard, have some beers?"

"I was just coming over to ask you guys the same thing," I said.

"Sweet. Well, you take Anne and Ashley since she has to go home. We'll ride with Keri and go buy some beer. We got about 20 minutes left before they stop selling," said Nick.

"What? That doesn't make any sense," I frowned.

"Whatever, man," said Nick. "We've got two things to do. This makes three people to a car. Let's just go before we can't buy beer anymore."

"Fine, fine. We'll see you at Anne's," I conceded.

***

Anne and I arrived at her place about 15 minutes later after dropping off Ashley. Keri's car wasn't in the driveway, so they were still out getting beer.

"They're still not here?" Anne asked.

"Yeah, they probably won't be here for a while. I know what they're up to," I offered.

"What do you mean?" Anne said.

"They're trying to give us a bunch of time in hopes that we'll hook up or something. I know the way these guys think," I responded.

Anne flushed, "Are you serious? That's what they're doing?"

"I'd bet on it," I replied.

"As if you would ever do such a thing. You have a girlfriend that it sounds like you're in love with. There's no way," she stated.

"Exactly. I mean, don't get me wrong. You look great. And I don't regret anything we've ever done together, but..." I trailed off.

"No. I know what you mean," she agreed.

"Besides, even if I had wanted to, what could we possibly do that wouldn't be outright cheating?" I asked.

"Have you ever thought about that?" she asked back.

"Thought about what?" I replied.

"What you would consider cheating? I mean, how far you can go before it's considered cheating?" she asked.

"Well, I would think that anything that involves kissing or more I guess," I said somewhat confused.

"Okay, so we agree that kissing constitutes cheating?" Anne said.

"Sure," I said, curious.

"Well, what about dancing with someone else? Grinding at a club?" she asked.

I answered, "No, I wouldn't consider that cheating. I might be a little jealous if my girlfriend was grinding with one of her ex-boyfriends or something like that. But I don't think I would consider it cheating."

"Well, what about this?" she questioned. "One of my girlfriends at school is engaged. She was at the club one night dancing with this guy that I know she's hot for. But they couldn't really ever date. It just wouldn't work. But anyway, as she's dancing with him they get really, really close. So close that their lips are touching and brushing together. But they never really kiss."

"That's pretty borderline," I answered. "I would think that once you actually touch, skin to skin, that I would probably consider it cheating."

"So, as long as you don't touch skin to skin, you wouldn't consider it cheating? Even if they're..." she paused to chuckle, "... dry humping?"

I smiled at her comment. "Sure. If they're only dry humping, then I wouldn't call it cheating. Not technically anyway."

"So I know that you've vowed never to cheat on anyone. But would you go up to the line without actually cheating?" she asked, a smile still on her face.

"Probably not," I replied. "I just feel that I wouldn't want to do that to anyone. I would definitely be angry if I caught her brushing lips with another guy. I would lose some trust in her. But would I break up with her for it? I don't think so. Dry humping might be a different story though." I started laughing as I said that.

"This is all assuming that the other person finds out about it," she kept smiling. "What someone doesn't know won't hurt them, right?"

"I don't think that's necessarily true," I started. "If I were to cheat on her and not tell her, it would hurt her because I would basically be taking away something from her, which is the ability to give me pleasure and not anyone else."

"But you masturbate, don't you?" she asked.

"Geez, you're not too inhibited tonight are you?" I joked.

"Oh gosh, I'm sorry. I'm making you uncomfortable," she blushed again.

"No, that's all right. It doesn't bother me at all. I'm just playing with you," I smiled again. "Yes. I do masturbate."

"Do you always think about her and her only?" she threw out.

"No," my eyes narrowed.

"So actually, someone else is giving you pleasure," she stated.

"Not technically," I said again. "I'm the one who's touching myself. So I'm the person giving the pleasure. I don't think that masturbating while thinking about someone else is detrimental to a relationship. I think it's healthy. I'm sure she does it every once in a while too."

"I agree. It's good to be able to experience fantasies without actually acting them out," she smiled back.

"Sure. What are you getting at anyway?" I asked her.

"I'm not sure, Brandon... Well... I mean, I saw you tonight and you looked really good and I don't know.... I guess I kind of want you right now, but I know you're a good guy. You have a girlfriend. She sounds sweet. This is actually kind of embarrassing now that I got around to saying it out loud," she looked down at the ground.

I took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. Wow. It sounded as if she wanted what I wanted. She looked really good tonight. Certainly better than I remember. And I couldn't deny the fact that I really wanted her right now. I'd had a few drinks. I wasn't going to see my girlfriend for another few days. But, what was I thinking? I knew I wouldn't feel good about it if I cheated with Anee. I had to be rational about this. What did she mean by going up to the line without actually cheating anyway?

"I'm not sure what to say," I finally whispered.

"Don't worry about it," she responded. "It's just the alcohol talking. I'm sorry."

"No, don't be sorry," I tried to be somewhat comforting. "I was thinking the same things to myself earlier. I just don't know what to do. I mean, I don't want to cheat. But I'm dying to do something with you."

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Yeah, very much," I replied.

"I don't want you to cheat either. How far do you think you would you go?" she questioned.

"Well, I can't really do much." I tried to break the tension a little, "I don't think we can dry hump."

She burst out laughing. The tension eased a little.

"Okay, okay. No dry humping. Well, we were talking about masturbating. Would you consider doing that?" she asked.

"Masturbating? I'm definitely going to do that when I get home," I stated.

"No. I mean here. Now. In front of me," she said seriously.

I paused, taken a little by surprise.

"You know, you do it anyway. I'm sure you've done it while looking at magazines or watching porn. I'll just be here with you. A real life magazine model," she said.

"So you would just stand there watching me jerk off?" I questioned.

"No silly. I'll do it with you. We'll both be naked," she corrected.

"Ah. I get it now," I answered. I considered it for a second. It's not really cheating. She was right. I masturbate to porn sometimes, so what's the difference if she's sitting there watching me? And I don't tell my girlfriend about all the times I masturbate either. She doesn't want to hear about that stuff. She's fine with just letting me do whatever it is I have to do.

"So, what do you think?" she asked, staring right at me.

"Fuck it. Yeah. Let's do it," I started walking inside. Anne followed me in.

We shut the front door and walked into her living room. I pulled off my shoes and socks and then stripped off my t-shirt. Anne unstrapped her heels and undid the buttons on her jeans. As I unzipped my jeans and watched Anne pull down her pants, I was overwhelmed with feeling of deja vu. We had done this so many times back when we dated.

We were so often dead set on getting to the sex that we just skipped right over the foreplay. Now I was watching her strip down again, as I had so many times before. I guess I didn't often realize how hot she was back in the day. When she unhitched the strap to her bra, her breasts dropped out ever so slightly and jiggled for a moment. My god did she have amazing breasts. I had forgotten how round they were even without a bra. Her nipples were colored very closely to the tone of her skin, with just a little more brown.

Next she pulled down her panties exposing her entire naked body to me. I was so taken by her body that I had forgotten to remove my boxer shorts and stood there staring at her.

"Are you gonna strip there, stud?" she asked coyly.

"Oh yeah, sorry," I replied as I pulled my boxers down over my erection.

We sat down opposite each other in the room, about 10 feet apart. I grasped my penis and slowly started to stroke it up to the head and back down to the base, barely sliding over the skin. Anne spread her thighs apart and touched her knees to the arms of the chair she was sitting in. With her left hand she ran her fingers slowly down from her right shoulder and across her breast. Her right hand found her vagina and, keeping her four fingers flat together, quietly began to rub.

"Mmmm, I've been wanting to do this all night long, Brandon," she whispered.

The scene was becoming far too arousing. My extremely hot ex-girlfriend and I were masturbating together in her living room. What was I doing? This isn't supposed to happen. But, Jesus Christ, I'm not going to stop right now. I tightened the grip on my penis and started to stroke more quickly. Anne had switched to using her first and middle fingers, slipping in between the lips of her vagina to concentrate on her clitoris.

"I don't think this is going to last very long, Anne," I warned.

"I don't think so either," she gasped. "Come over here."

"Anne, I better not --," I tried to will my resistance.

"Don't worry, no cheating. Just come over here," she broke in.

I stopped masturbating and, keeping my hand wrapped around my penis, stood and walked over to her chair and then knelt down.

"Give me your hand," she commanded.

I had no idea what she was up to, but figured I could pull away if necessary. I offered her my hand. She grasped it from the top with her left hand and slowly brought it down toward her masturbating right hand. I almost pulled away, but instead closed my eyes and waited. To my surprise she placed my hand on her right wrist and stopped her hand.

"Do it for me," she said softly.

"I don't understand," I replied.

"Finger me with my own hand. It's not cheating," she smiled seductively.

I inched her hand upward across her clitoris, and then downward again toward her opening. The going was slow at first, but as we gained speed we started to match up a little better. I moved her hand up and down through her pussy while she curled and uncurled her fingers to get the stimulation right.

"Jesus, Brandon," she gasped. "Keep fingering me like that."

I increased the speed a little and held the same motion. Her breaths started coming more quickly and deeply and her face flushed. I watched as she put more of her body into the act and slid down in the chair a little more. Her legs opened wider and she started to arch her back, throwing her head down into the chair. I kept the pressure on.

"Oh god, Brandon. Keep doing that right there. I'm gonna cum. Yeah, keep fingering me."

She slowed down suddenly and bucked her hips forward into the air. I watched as her fingers disappeared for a moment into her pussy, and then pulled out and across her clit.
