 Jennifer and I walked through the terminal, each dragging a suitcase and laptop bag. As I had when we exited the plane, I had my hand on the back of her hip, just above her ass. While nothing we did specifically called attention to the sodden mess that were her gray stretch pants, she still got her share of odd looks. Of course, she was still holding the panties in her free hand; they were dangling loose by her side.

"Mr Banks," she began. "I know that I was naughty, but..." She stopped and lifted the panties to chest level. They were still a little bit damp and very fragrant. "Can I please put the panties in my suitcase? It's embarrassing."

"This is part of your punishment, Jennifer," I explained. "You were naughty, very naughty, with those panties and I think it's important that everyone in this airport know it."

She reddened. "They already know that I was naughty. All they have to do is look at my pants to know that I was bad."

"Yes, but they wouldn't have the complete picture if they couldn't see you holding my wife's messy panties. True, they probably don't know that they belong to my wife and that you masturbated with them. Or that you wore them this morning on the plane. Or that you took them off in the bathroom to give them to me. Or even that you were very naughty and stuffed them in your mouth to keep from screaming when I made you cum. But they do know," I said, reaching down to gently cup her pussy, "that you're not wearing any panties now. Because you're carrying them in your hand."

Jennifer moaned softly and pressed herself against my hand. She began to slowly grind against it, until I took it away.

"OK," she said.

I began walking again, noticing that a young couple had seen our little exchange and were whispering to each other. I caught Jennifer's eye and motioned towards the couple.

"They know how naughty you are." Jennifer kept her eyes on them until they disappeared from sight.

"I like it," she said. "Thank you."

"What do you like?"

"I like that other people know I'm naughty. And that I'm being punished."

"Remember, your punishment isn't over yet."

"I know," she paused, then, "Can we stop really quick? I have to go."

"Go where, Jennifer?"

"You know...To the bathroom."

I said nothing.

"Mr Banks, please. I have to pee."

"We have to get to the hotel. You can pee there."

Her eyes became a little glassy, and she shifted her weight from foot to foot. "OK, Mr Banks. I'll try to hold it."

Outside, we stood in line for a taxi. As the line slowly moved forward, Jennifer began squirming. Every now and then she pressed her legs together and looked at me pleadingly.

"It shouldn't be too much longer now," I said.

"It's really bad now, Mr Banks," she said, pressing the heel of her hand, the one holding the panties, against her crotch.

"I know it is. It's part of your punishment for being so naughty. But if you're good and hold it in until we get to the hotel, I will make it up to you."

"You will? Promise?"

I nodded. I reached down and caressed her firm ass cheek. It was still damp from earlier, though it was no longer obscenely wet. I let my fingers trace around the swell of her ass, down to her thigh. Then I brought my fingers around between her legs and rubbed it against her pussy. She was still hot and wet. As desperate to pee as she was, she seemed very turned on despite the fact. Or maybe because of it.

Jennifer gasped as my fingertips pushed the thin material of her stretch pants between her lips, stroking back and forth in her wet channel. She leaned in to me, burying her face into my shoulder. I bent my knees a bit to get a better angle and rubbed harder. 

"Spread your legs a little for me. Maybe we can take your mind off your bladder."

Without a word, she complied. I held the edge of my finger against the seam in her pants that ran between her pussy lips. Pushing into her, I sawed my hand forward until my fingertip poked out between her legs in front. Then back and up between the firm cheeks of her ass. Jennifer moaned into my shoulder. Again. This time I found her soaking wet again. On my third pass, I went as far up and forward as I could, almost reaching her clit.

Jennifer stiffened and gasped. She let go of the handle of her suitcase and, top-heavy as it was with her laptop bag on top, it fell over backwards with a clatter. We both turned towards the noise. A young woman in a short denim skirt and black sleeveless blouse stood with her foot a few inches from the suitcase handle. She had definitely been watching our little show. And it seemed as if she had been enjoying it, too, if her hard nipples and blushing face were anything to go on. We made eye contact and smiled at each other. She didn't seem embarrassed in the least.

"I'm so sorry," Jennifer said. "Are you OK?"

"Not as good as you're doing, apparently," the woman said with a raised eyebrow.

"I...I've been bad."

"You're lucky to have such a yummy man seeing to your punishment."

Jennifer squatted in front of the woman, legs spread far enough to show her the wet spot growing anew at her crotch. The woman's eyes were glued to it. Her eyes widened when the hand that Jennifer reached out to retrieve the suitcase held yellow panties.

Jennifer noticed the woman's surprise, shrugged, and said quietly, "He's irresistible."

The woman smiled, eyes moving between the panties and Jennifer's wet crotch. "Well, if he ever gets to be too much for you, you both give me a call."

She pulled a business card out of her purse and handed it to Jennifer. Just then, the porter whistled for us that it was our turn for a cab. Jennifer stood up with her suitcase and we headed to the cab.

I gave the driver the name of our hotel. Jennifer had her legs pressed tightly together, her hand on her crotch. I took her free hand and placed it on my lap. The past several hours of teasing Jennifer had me incredibly turned on. Jennifer's fingers found the outline of my cock and began scraping her fingernails along its length.

I was amazed at the level of control I seemed to have over Jennifer. I had always been successful with women, but I never thought of myself as dominant. Sure, I know what I want, and I don't keep that to myself. But I have also always treated women with respect and as equals. That, I thought, had been the key to my success. Respect. This was totally different! I was feeling so powerful- so in control. And I loved it. 

But I couldn't exactly figure it out. Obviously, this wasn't some new magical power that allowed me to turn Jennifer into a submissive sexual plaything. Jennifer's own personality had a lot to do with it. She was a submissive by nature. On the other hand, we'd been working together for over a year and nothing like this had ever happened. Maybe it was just a lucky combination of circumstance- Jennifer seeing what she saw last night- and my figuring out what buttons to push.

And boy had I pushed those buttons! Jennifer's soft moaning and caressing my cock brought me out of my thoughts. I am going to fuck her. The thought popped into my head. I knew with a certainty that it was going to happen. And soon. My wife is pretty easy going and open to adventure when it comes to sex, but I wasn't sure that she'd be crazy about the idea of me dominating and fucking my coworker on a business trip. I briefly considered just not mentioning it to her, but quickly dismissed the idea. I loved Laura and our marriage far too much to risk them for an office fling. I had a feeling that she'd understand what had happened so far once she got the whole story. She might not love it, but I honestly didn't think she'd be too pissed. But going forward with this without telling her? I'd be lucky to live.

There were no two ways about it. If I was going to fuck Jennifer, and I really, really, wanted to do that, I was going to have to talk to my wife first.

I pulled my phone from my pocket and dialed Laura. She answered in a whisper. She was at work.

"Roger! Is everything OK?"

"Yes, everything's fine. We just landed in Phoenix and are on our way to the hotel."

"So...I'm at work, baby. Can this wait until lunch?"

"Not really. I found your panties."

I felt Jennifer stiffen at my side. I caught the cabbie's glance in the mirror. I went on.

"Jennifer did walk out of our house yesterday with them."

"Oh? She told you that?"

"Uh huh. And there's more."

I went on to explain to Laura, in full voice so that both the cabbie and Jennifer could hear, that Jennifer had taken my wife's wet panties into her car and smelled them. And licked them. And then went home and masturbated with them. And then wore them on the plane. And I told her about how she had taken them off in the lavatory when I asked her to. And then I explained that I had been punishing Jennifer by teasing her and making her cum all over her pants and not letting her pee until we got to the hotel. 

"Baby," my wife said. "Why are you telling me this?"

"Because unless you ask me not to, I'm going to fuck her once we get to the hotel."

I heard three gasps simultaneously. Jennifer's to my right. Laura's on the phone. And our Egyptian cabbie's in the front seat. 

Then silence. Jennifer's hand resumed stroking the outline of my hardon. The cabbie continued to drive. Silence on the phone. It stretched on.

"What'd she say, man?" the cabbie practically screamed from the front seat.

"Nothing yet," then back to the phone. "Laura?"

"Oh, baby. I think you should do it. It sounds like she really deserves it."

I was very surprised, to say the least. "Are you sure, baby. I feel like I sort of crossed a line. We both did, really, but we haven't passed the point of no return, you know?"

"Roger, you definitely crossed a line," my wife said. "It's a line you've been meant to cross for a long time now. Like I told you last night, you're irresistible. You are a bold, powerful man who has been living beneath his amazing potential his entire life. You've found it now. I know the man I married, and I know how much you love me. I know who you'll be coming home to. That's what matters to me. I realize that I might have to share you with a few others- if not the whole damn neighborhood- but as long as there's enough left for me, we're OK."

"Are you sure?" I asked again. From the front seat, the cabbie mouthed the word 'idiot' at me.

"Yes, I really am. Go fuck your business analyst. And call me tonight."

"I love you, baby," I said hanging up. Then to Jennifer and the cabbie, "She said yes."

The cabbie let out a whoop and Jennifer a sigh. I placed my hand on the side of Jennifer's head and gently pulled it towards my lap. She lay there, her pretty lips pressing against the head of my erection, through my jeans. She opened her mouth and took my head inside. Her mouth was so hot! Her teeth closed lightly over my head and her tongue began flicking across it. I closed my eyes and groaned at the sensation.

"You know what's going to happen to you now, don't you?"

She nodded.

"Say it."

"You're going to fuck me, Mr Banks."

"That's right, monkey. But only if you manage not to pee in our friend's taxi. If you do that, your punishment will be much more severe." She closed her mouth over my cock head and began sucking me through my pants while pressing her hand more tightly into her crotch.

"Hey! No pissing in my cab! I mean it!"

"Relax. Jennifer will be a good monkey and not wet herself. Right?"

Jennifer made an 'uh-huh' noise with my cock still in her mouth. The vibrations were exquisite.

"She said yes."

"Good. We're almost there anyway."

A couple minutes later, the taxi pulled up to the front of the hotel. Jennifer and I exited the car as our cabbie retrieved our bags from the trunk. I pulled money from my wallet to pay for our ride. The driver shook his head.

"On the house, boss. You've got something about you and you ride free today, OK?"

"He's irresistible," Jennifer told him. "That's what it is."

The cabbie nodded and got back in the car. Jennifer began to stuff the panties into her laptop bag but I stopped her. "Just keep them in your hand," I said.

She blushed, but did as I told her. We walked inside, Jennifer taking short steps, keeping her thighs close together. Me, I felt on top of the world. We approached the front desk, and I gave our names to woman at the front desk.

"Yes, Mr Banks and Ms Park. We have adjoining rooms for you on the 11th floor. Will that be OK?" she asked.

"That will be just fine," I replied, placing my corporate card on the counter. 

She handed us our key cards, two for each room. I took them all and put them in my back pocket. Jennifer, squirming now that she couldn't walk off her need to pee, looked questioningly at me. 

"Don't worry. I'll let you have your keys in a little while. Let's get me settled into my room first." Placing my hand on Jennifer's hip, I led her towards the elevators. The trip up to my room looked like it was pure agony for her. Each second felt like five minutes; Jennifer sighing, then whimpering, pressing the yellow panties she carried hard into her crotch, shifting her weight from foot to foot.

The elevator doors opened on the 11th floor, and I walked us, slowly, down the corridor. I stopped outside the door to my room and in pulling the key cards out of my pocket, 'accidentally' let them drop to the floor.

"Fuck," Jennifer said softly. I looked her in the eyes, then moved my eyes to the cards on the floor. Then back to her. She took the unspoken command and squatted in front of me to pick up the keys. As she reached forward, she stopped short, her brows furrowed in concentration.

"Ohmigod, no..." A small dark spot appeared on her crotch and spread downward towards her ass. She had lost control of her bladder, but it seemed only momentary. The new spot was only the size of a quarter. She placed her hand over it. At first, it seemed as if she meant to hide it from me, but after a moment, she began rubbing it with her fingertips. She raised her eyes to mine and I held her gaze. She offered me the cards and said, "Please hurry up, Mr Banks."

I took the keys and opened the door. Jennifer stood and rushed ahead of me. She dropped her suitcase by the door and made a beeline to the bathroom. I followed her right in. She reached the toilet and turned around, about to sit. Her hands went to the waistband of her pants. She looked at me questioningly. I shook my head no, reached out and took her hands away from her pants.

"Please," she said.

I gently pushed down on her wrists, causing her to sit on the toilet seat, her pants still on. Standing in front of her, my cock was at her eye level. I moved her hands to my belt.

"I know that you need some relief, but I do too," I said. 

Jennifer smiled and began unbuckling my belt. Then my button. Then my zipper. I was rock hard now as she grasped my pants and my boxers and pulled them down. My cock bounced free and bobbed in front of her nose. Just inches away.

"Mr Banks, I want to suck your cock so badly. Please just let me pee first and I promise I will make you feel so good."

"I don't think I can wait. How about we do both at the same time?"

She hesitated. Then nodded. She started to rise to pull down her pants, but I put my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her back down on to the seat.

"Fuck it, my pants are ruined anyways."

She leaned forward and grasped my cock at the base. She brought her head close and brought her tongue to my slit. She licked her lips and said, "Mmmm. You taste so good. You've been leaking too, haven't you Mr Banks?"

I nodded and she brought herself back to my cock. Her hot tongue swirled over its head. We both moaned. I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her mouth further onto my cock. Her free hand went to her pussy and began rubbing it over her pants. As she began bobbing up and down on me, she started moaning louder and louder. Finally she squealed. I heard a tinkling noise and looked at her crotch. She had finally released her bladder and was peeing through her pants into the toilet. Her stream got stronger and she began sucking my cock with more enthusiasm.

Her moaning was causing intense vibrations in my cock and balls. It was exquisite and I began pumping myself in and out of her mouth, going deeper with every stroke.

Her stream of pee got weaker and slowed to a trickle, but her hand had not stopped her rubbing. The entire area covering her ass and pussy was dripping with her pee and pussy juices and she was rubbing them onto her clit. Jennifer moved both hands to my ass and pulled me in towards her, taking me deeper than she had before. She made some small gagging sounds, but kept going, deepthroating me. I held her head close against me, keeping my cock at the entrance to her throat. I was so turned on, I was close to cumming, but I wasn't done yet.

I pulled Jennifer off my cock and helped her to stand, her pee now dripping down her thighs. "Are you ready for the rest of your punishment?"

"God yes! I've been so naughty! Use me however you want."

I lifted her up and sat her ass on the counter, legs spread wide. I reached for the drenched crotch of her pants, pressing my hand hard against her hot pussy. She threw her head back and moaned, lifting her hips off the counter to meet my hand. Catching the crotch seam in my fingers, I took either side in both of my hands and tore the fabric apart. It split, and small droplets of her piss showered us both. And I was staring at her pussy. It was wet and messy, and it looked delicious. She didn't shave, and her fine black pubic hair was matted against her skin. Her outer lips were red and swollen and wide open. Her inner lips were open, too, and the space between them was glistening with thick, white cream. At the top of her slit, her slick bush parted around it, her clit had emerged from its hood and was engorged with passion.

"Put it inside me, Mr Banks! I want it so badly, please punish my pussy with your beautiful cock!"

I stepped back to kick off my shoes and untangle myself from my jeans and boxers. I was mesmerized by the vision before me. Jennifer was sitting on the counter, feet up by her ass, her legs spread wide and showing me her hot, wet, messy pussy framed by the tattered remains of her stretch pants. Simultaneously, I began stroking my cock and Jennifer her pussy. Still stroking, I walked towards her. My cock was lined up perfectly with her wet opening.

Without stopping my forward motion, I guided my cock into her pussy. All the way in. She shuddered as I bottomed out inside her.

"Ohmigod, yes! You feel so fucking good inside me!" The muscles in her pussy gripped me hard, but I pulled out until only the head of my cock remained inside her. Then, slowly but firmly, I pushed all the way back in. "YES!" She grabbed my shirt and violently brought my head in to kiss her. She forced her tongue past my lips, and it began dancing with my tongue. I pulled out and pushed back in, faster this time. She groaned into my mouth. Jennifer wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me tight against her. I began pumping into her steadily. In and out, my hard cock pistoning in and out of her hot and messy cunt.

We continued fucking like this for several minutes, not frantic, but not gentle either. A steady in and out that was making us both groan in pleasure and bringing us closer to the edge. The smell of our sex and sweat and Jennifer's piss filling our nostrils. The force of my thrusts kept pushing her back on the counter and several times I had to grab her hips and drag her forward into me. By the third time I had to do this, I had had enough. I pulled her completely forward and off the counter, supporting her weight with my hands under her ass. She threw her arms around my neck and held on, still impaled on me.
