 A heavy thud echoed through the emptiness of the parking garage as Isabel closed her door and began the short walk to the elevator. She'd lucked out with a parking spot very close to the door. Waiting for the elevator, she pressed the key on the remote to ensure her car was locked. The horn also resonated through the mostly empty garage. All of Pratt and Masterson's employees parked on this level but few were in the office at 11am on a Wednesday. From what Isabel knew of her husband's work, a lot of his colleagues spent inordinate amounts of time in the field, visiting clients and ensuring their needs were met. The elevator chimed its arrival and Isabel stepped in, setting her heavy bag down next to her ballet flat clad feet and pressing the button for the fifth floor.

She stepped off the elevator, down the short hallway, and through the glass doors of the office. Jenny, the front desk secretary who knew her well enough by now from the couple of social functions Isabel had come into the office fore, greeted her cheerily. Waving, she stepped past the desk and down the center aisle. Of the twenty desks in the large room, only 5 of them were occupied and each of those held a person busy on the phone with a client or typing up a document on official letter head. Business was very brisk indeed. The workers each waved and smiled to her while maintaining their focus on winning over their clientele.

There were two doors at the end of the hall. The left led to the large, luxurious corner office of Miller, the company's president. The space commanded a view south and west out of the city and down to the bay. Miller looked up at the click of her heels and nodded a greeting. He was a handsome man in his late thirties, average height with broad shoulders. He was young to run a company but the stress of his ascension to such a lofty position showed in the steel color of his full head of hair.

"Hey Isabel, how is everything going?" he inquired.

"Doing alright, Miller, I just had the day off and decided to surprise Ron with lunch." She held up her bag, indicating it was full of food. "You guys sure seem busy, everyone is out looking after clients, I take it?"

"That's right. Suits us though, most of us prefer to be out with the clients anyway. It's funny, all of them out there would kill to be in my position but I'd kill to be back in theirs. Even this nice office gets stuffy. You guys have a good one." Miller looked back to his work. He was never one to waste time with unnecessary conversation. Isabel liked that about him. They'd established that she was well, he was well, and the business was well. Now it was time to get back to whatever it was they were doing before they started talking. She turned away from his office and opened the door on the right.

Ron sat behind a desk completely engrossed in his work. He didn't even look up when the door opened. The office was not much smaller than Miller's but only commanded half the view. The lights were off and the whole room was cast in a bluish tint as the light filtered through the shaded window panes. Isabel coughed lightly to announce her presence and Ron looked up abruptly.

"Oh hey there, sexy!" He called out with a big grin. She turned to close the door behind her and felt his eyes searching her up and down, taking in the fullness of her buttocks beneath her green and yellow sundress. She walked over and pulled one of the chairs to the side of the desk. 

"I thought you could use some lunch," she said as she put the bag on the table and started pulling out the sandwiches she'd prepared.

"I am hungry, thanks for coming in." He gave her a quick kiss on the lips and saved the document on his computer before turning back to her. As they ate, he told her about the long proposal he was working on for a customer that wanted a fairly complex project completed. This guy was particularly meticulous about every inch of the project and had to have his hands in every aspect of the design and production. As such, Ron had taken the project off of one of the newer guy's hands after his third rejected iteration of the proposal. On top of his normal workload, this meant he would be working some long hours for the rest of the week. He asked about her and she explained that none of her patients had appointments scheduled that day and she'd left the office after a few hours; they all had her cell number in case of any emergency that should arise.

About halfway through their meal, there was a soft knock at the door and Jenny appeared in the doorway. Ron set down his sandwich and she handed him a folder overflowing with papers for his signature. She explained each one in great detail, knowing he wasn't going to actually read each one. Isabel listened as she detailed the company's projects and marveled at how much she actually knew about the workings of each. Jenny was not your average temp; she must have been working towards her degree with this job. Isabel looked back and forth to each as they went over the papers. She noticed Ron barely took his eyes off the woman as she spoke. He only did so for long enough to sign each paper.

She looked more intently at Jenny. The lights in the main office at her back highlighted her frame against the low lights in Ron's office. She was a young girl, in her mid-twenties with dark hair pulled back into a neat bun to keep it out of the way while leaning over documents. Her face was beautiful, dark skin contrasted by light brown eyes and a slender nose. Today she was wearing a grey blouse and red pencil skirt with three or four inch heels. Isabel had to admit the girl was beautiful. Her full breasts pushed against the fabric of her top, not in a lewd way, but just enough to cause one to wonder at their shapeliness. The chilly air of the office had caused her nipples to harden and they pressed gently on the fabric as well, hinting at their shape through her bra. The slender skirt drew attention to her hourglass figure, coming in to neatly meet the tucked in blouse and curving out with her hips. When she turned slightly, Isabel could tell she was gifted with a supple ass as well.

No wonder her husband's attention was so fixed on this woman; she was gorgeous. Isabel got a devilish thought and leaned in closer, pretending to take interest in the contents of the documents Ron was signing and steadied herself with a hand on his thigh as she did so. Checking the girl's face for recognition, Isabel was sure her hand couldn't be observed from where Jenny stood explaining the last few projects. Isabel slowly but determinedly slid her hand up the leg of her husband's trousers. She didn't have to travel long before she found it. He was hard as a rock. She squeezed it gently to let him know he'd been caught before sitting back in her chair with a smile and picking up her side cup of baby carrots.

Ron showed no outward sign of the interaction throughout his conversation with the young secretary but Isabel could tell he was sweating under the façade. This was going to be fun for her. They finished up and Jenny left with the completed documents in hand, closing the door behind her. Ron looked to his wife, eyes wide.

"What was that all about? Don't you think it was a little obvious?" 

She tut-tutted him softly, and responded in as sultry a voice as she could muster, "Caught you big boy. Somebody's got a thing for the secretary."

"Shhhh! These walls are paper thin." He hissed in response.

Isabel stood and walked over behind his chair, holding the back with one hand to keep him from spinning around to face her. She rubbed his shoulders gently and allowed her hands to fall down his chest as she bent at the waist to bring her mouth to his ear. Now she spoke at a barely audible whisper.

"You do, don't you? If I'm wrong, tell me now." She continued moving her hands around his chest, feeling his muscles through his shirt. He gulped, but didn't reply and she moved her hands to his stomach. Her breasts were brushing the back of his head now. The dress she was wearing didn't require a bra and she knew he could feel the full effect of her flesh against the bare skin of his head. "That's what I thought. No denying it now, you're caught in the act." 

He leaned his head back to provide a response but she caught him by the chin. "Ah, ah, ah. You just keep on looking straight ahead there." Her hand released his chin and fell into his lap. She continued to whisper into his ear, "I can't say I blame you. She truly is an exquisite woman." Her hands deftly unbuckled and unzipped his pants while her tongue traced his ear, causing him to shiver. "What is it about her that you like the best?" She nibbled his ear lobe and fished his hard length out of his pants. She looked down at the dark brown rod, long and wide enough to easily fill her. She ignored his weak mumbles about the door being unlocked as she stroked it and continued her line of questioning.

"Is it her nice round breasts? Do you like the way they filled her top, ready to burst out? I bet you'd like to feel those in your hands or rubbing against your naked chest." She punctuated this with her own breasts and picked up the pace of her hands, pausing first to spread a drop of his precum around the tip of his penis. "Maybe it was her slim waist? Do you like her tight ass? I bet you'd like to hold that in your hands, or feel your manhood sliding between those cheeks. Do you think she's wearing any panties under that tight skirt of hers? I didn't see any panty lines. Her sweet little lips are just down the hall, I could go ask her for you. Would you like that?" By now, she'd worked him up to a frenzy and was ready for the killing blow. She twisted her hand from the top of his cock and back up, lubricating the entire shaft with his precum as she did so. His hips bucked gently under her hands as she moved her mouth closer to his ear and delivered the line that she knew would make him burst.

"Maybe I'll ask her for you and maybe she'll bend over this desk here and let you fuck her tight wet hole. I'd like to see that." With that, his length erupted, sending warm cum all over his pants and the lower half of his shirt. Some even got on the desk. Satisfied, she kissed him on the cheek and moved back to her chair. He turned to her, mouth agape and breathing heavily. A stream of his seed had landed on the back of her hand and she made a show of licking it off. She grabbed some napkins from her bag and handed them to him to clean up with. While he set to cleaning off his desk and putting his manhood away, she pulled out the last item in her bag and offered it with a smile.

"Cookie?"

The remainder of the week went by as normal for Isabel. They hadn't said anything more about the incident in his office but she felt it in the ferocity of his lovemaking on Wednesday and Thursday nights. It wasn't the first time they'd done something like that, the first being after she'd received a nice massage with a happy ending from a handsome masseur on their honeymoon, and they'd found it was better to just have the experience than have a long discourse on the subject.

Thursday was busy for both of them and he'd come home late with takeout for dinner since it was his day to cook. They'd eaten quickly and retired to bed, fucking wildly for about an hour before passing out on top of the covers. He'd made her cum three times that night and once more with his mouth Friday morning before she showered for work.

Friday was another short day at work for her but she knew Ron would be late again as he had to finish that proposal, a self-imposed deadline but one he would hold nonetheless. So, she decided to head for the mall on her way home for some special purchases. Items in hand, she took the bag up to the master bath and settled into the large whirlpool tub for some afternoon reading and relaxing. Around 5pm she prepared herself and got dressed in preparation for his arrival.

Standing in front of the floor-length mirror in their large closet, she first pulled on the grey blouse she'd bought at the first store. She buttoned up and turned from side to side. It fit her perfectly, slightly hugging the shape of her otherwise naked breasts and leaving the outline of her aroused nipples visible but not obscenely so. Satisfied, she next pulled a garter belt and long stockings from the bag. She lifted her blouse and pulled the belt on before sitting and sliding the stockings up her legs. The belt and stockings made the perfect frame for her shaven mound. This was shaping up to be quite an exquisite outfit. She went over to her dresser next and found the red pencil skirt she'd bought a year or two back but hadn't worn because she felt it too loud. It was perfect for this occasion and hugged her ass impeccably. She couldn't help but think she might've been wrong about hiding it away for so long. This was definitely an article to give another shot.

Finally, she took the new black stilettos out of her shopping bag. Her experience in the store taught her that walking in these 5 inch heels would take some practice. She walked back into the bathroom and did her makeup, topping off the whole ensemble with a bright red lipstick that really shone against her clear pale skin. She walked downstairs to the kitchen and practiced her walking, pacing back and forth while rehearsing her lines. Eventually, she pulled a dry erase nametag out of the kitchen drawer and pinned it to her blouse before pouring a glass of wine and sitting at the table sipping to wait.

Ron's key rattled in the lock and Isabel stood and smoothed her outfit, moving to stand in front of the door. It opened and Ron dropped his bag heavily to the floor, the expression on his face a mix of surprise and lust. At least she wouldn't have to do much explaining why she was dressed this way.

"Uh...good afternoon," he began.

"Hi boss," she countered in a sultry tone, slowly crossing the space between them to shut and lock the door between them, ensuring she got close enough for him to get a deep smell of the new perfume she wore. Ron smirked slightly as she took him by the arm and led him to the office, briefing him on calls he'd received while away on lunch. "...and the last issue is one I find especially acute."

She sat him in his chair and sat herself on the desk in front of him, watching as his eyes traced up and down her body. His eyes lingered briefly on the nametag and longer on her aroused nipples pressing against the blouse. They widened sharply when she re-crossed her legs and he got a better view of what was hidden under her skirt. After he finished his visual undressing, she met his eyes and began again.

"I heard you were thinking about giving Sarah that promotion. That just isn't going to work for me. I think I have a way to change your mind." The toe of her shoe lightly pushed his chair back a few feet, spreading her legs more and allowing a full view of her exposed wetness. With the space open, she rose to her feet and placed her hands on her hips. "A way to show you that I should be coming out ahead."

He nodded his head affirmatively and she slowly dropped to her knees. She traced her hands up his thighs, tenderly touching him through the fabric of his pants until she reached his belt. In no rush, she unhurriedly opened his trousers and pulled his semi-erect cock out of his pants. Flesh in hand, she smiled up at him and he smiled back.

"Is this okay boss?" she asked with well-acted temerity.

"It is Jenny. Please continue." Her heart fluttered at being called another woman's name and a shiver ran down her spine. They had role-played with that same nametag on other occasions. Once she was a librarian named Elisa who took him for a quick search in the anatomy section. Another time he was a museum tour guide, Lionel, giving her special access to an exhibit. They names were always different but this was the first time they had used the name of someone they both knew and the thrill of such illicit thoughts was electric for her. His body said the same for him. The pulse in his cock quickened and strengthened and she wasted no time in wrapping her lips around it. The feel of his length hardening as she sucked on it never failed to take her from aroused to soaking wet.

Hard now, she released it from her hungry mouth and began licking him from base to tip. One of her hands manipulated his length while the other cradled and gently massaged his balls. She looked up occasionally, making eye contact with and offering a smile with her eyes. After making a quick adjustment to her position, she brought her lips back to the head of his cock and kissed it tenderly before sucking it into her mouth. In a short while, he was at the back of her throat and she began to bob her head up and down his length. Ron moaned and she continued for several minutes, pressing her face into the coarse hair of his pubis each time she went down. The room filled with the wet sounds of her efforts and saliva began dripping down her chin and between her legs. Before long, his breath caught in the telltale sign of his approaching orgasm and she withdrew from him, leaving her hand to replace her mouth in slow strokes up and down his cock.

"So what do you think boss, can you cum for me?" She punctuated the question with a lick around the now highly sensitive head.

His hips bucked involuntarily at the over-stimulation. "Uh-huh" was the only verbal response he could muster.

"Mmmmm... that's what I like to hear. I want you to cum for me boss." She removed her hand from his hardness momentarily and his hips followed her wantonly. A hand in the air stopped him and she slowly undid the top three buttons of her blouse, fully exposing her breasts to him. "I want you to come all over my face and tits."

Another lick to the head and she sucked the length back in, resuming her up and down motion. It didn't take long this round before she felt the first spurt hit the back of her throat and quickly pulled his cock out and stroked the wet length over her face. She smiled and moaned as she milked all of his sperm out over her face and lovely breasts. A final drop remained at the tip of his hardness, not enough to come out on its own. She took in back in her mouth and cleaned him off, licking and sucking to milk him to the last drop. With a wet pop, she finally released his cock and leaned back, leaving him breathing heavily in the chair. Staring him straight in the face, she collected some of the seed spilled on her cheek with a finger and cleaned it off with her tongue.

With a fingernail still on the edge of her teeth and her other hand playing with the seed covering her breasts she asked, "What do you think boss, will I get the job?"

"Oh I most definitely think so," Ron sighed out in response.

"Good, now take your wife to the shower so we can clean up for dinner." She stood and kissed him passionately before heading up to their room.