 Isabelle stayed late after the rehearsal, hanging around at the school's drama studio once everyone had left. She loosened her long red hair from its hair band and let it fall around her shoulders. She was still in her school uniform, the blouse felt tight and restrictive. Throughout the rehearsal she had longed to rip both it and her bra off. The sweat was accumulating in the small of her back. Instead she stayed slumped against the wall, with the kilt buckled up around her young, slim thighs.

At eighteen years old she was still a virgin, not that she couldn't lose it if she had wanted to. Isabelle could name at least six boys in her year that desperately panted after her, but she had no interest in teenage boys. She had long lusted after the her father's grown up business partners. She used to sit at the top of the stairs and watch them in the dining room when they came round for dinner. She loved their hard masculine bodies in suits and sometimes she let her fingers stray into the pajama bottoms to softly stroke her clit through her cotton panties.

Even though she was as horny as fuck she never dared come onto a guy. She knew she would have to wait for him to make the move on her. And though this frustrated her tremendously, she knew it would be worth it when a powerful man finally fucked her. She could just imagine the taste of his juicy cock in her mouth. God she longed to suck on a long, thick cock. 

Alone in the studio her hand slipped under her skirt. She wasn't wearing any tights and began to stroke her damp pussy through her panties. Lost in this fantasy she pushed the cotton to one side and started to circle her wet hole. The sensation drove her wild and she slipped a finger up, and then two. She shifted for a better position until her legs were splayed and she had three fingers up her cunt, furiously fucking herself. If anyone was standing outside of the door now they would have had a pretty nice show of it.

It wasn't Isabelle's fault, this play they were doing was making her super horny all the time. In her scene she had to seduce this guy, crawling up to him on the floor then straddling him and undoing her blouse. Her school was pretty progressive and her drama teacher was young and hip so it had been decided that she would actually get her tits out on stage.

But although she could see in her head how she wanted to do all this, she found it really hard to act out. Especially in front of her hot drama teacher who made her feel even more like a silly school girl. Sure she had fantasized about sex, but she hadn't actually done any of this stuff so it made it so much harder. Plus the boy she was trying to seduce was just that, a boy. Now, maybe if it was her drama teacher in the scene...

This thought pushed her to the edge and she came over her fingers in a glorious climax. She had quickly worked out in her night time activities that she was a squirter. She had only just rearranged herself and wiped her dripping fingers on her kilt when Mr. Cox walked in.

She stood up in a hurry and tugged down on her already very short skirt. 

"Don't mind me Isabelle," Mr Cox said.

For a moment she wondered whether he had seen her, but by the very calm nature that he sat on the edge of his desk in the corner of the room made her think otherwise.

"You seem upset. Are you ok? Having any trouble with the rehearsals?" He continued.

She crossed the room to stand by him.

"Not really," she said. Hesitating, she then continued "I find the scene with Zach a bit... challenging."

He sighed and chuckled. "These things are always hard for student productions. But I think I can stretch you guys. Anyway, isn't Zach considered a very attractive young man?"

Isabelle looked disgruntled. "He's not my type".

She had hoped he would ask her what her type was, and then she could tell him how she really liked older guys. Instead, he asked an even better question.

"Isabelle," he said. "Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure."

"I really shouldn't, as your teacher. But I can trust you not to snitch on me, can't I? Or get offended?"

"Of course," Isabelle snapped, feeling a twinge of nervousness that curled down her stomach, and pulsated in her groin. She unconsciously parted her lips. Mr. Cox noticed.

"Have you ever had sex?"

Isabelle blushed to the roots of her hair. "No sir."

"I see, I could tell. Sometimes it is hard to act stuff like that when you have no experience to draw on."

Isabelle glanced down at his crotch involuntarily. Was it her or was there a slight bulge there now? She noticed him shift a little and she bought her eyes back to his face. He was staring at her very intently. She returned his gaze.

She had never really looked at him properly before. But now she could see that his dark blue eyes were flecked with grey. That this hair fell so charmingly across his forehead, framing his chiseled face. She could also tell that under his suit he must have a killer body, and a killer something else by the looks of it too.

"Now," he said, breaking the silence. "We have two options. Either you can pick up your bags and leave and we will pretend this conversation never happened. OR you can go over and lock that door and I can teach you how to do that scene even better. But that would have to be our secret. The choice is yours."

What choice? It was obvious what she wanted to do. She went over quickly and locked the door.

"Good girl," he said, pulling a chair to middle of the room. "Now let's do that scene."

Isabelle was shaking in anticipation. She dropped to her knees, as the script dictated. She knew that the gape of her blouse would give him ample view of large, firm breasts. Soon he would see them in all their glory. She crawled to him, almost feeling her juices leak down her leg. He looked at her like an animal, lips parted, shallow breath. He wanted her, god he wanted her so bad.

When she reached his knees she looked up at his face then slowly straddled him. The skirt left her legs fully bare and she should feel his hard on pushing at her through her panties. He rested his hands lightly on her thighs for a moment, before pressing his fingers in harder. Slowly she began to unbutton her blouse.

"Do you want me to go the whole way sir?"

"Yes, I think that would be helpful."

She undid the buttons one by one, until her blouse was fully open. He could see the smooth plane of her stomach and her lacy white bra peeking through. She had gorgeous cleavage that he just wanted to bury his face in, but he restrained himself. Isabelle improvised, taking off her shirt entirely.

"That's as far as the scene goes sir."

"I think for the sake of this exercise we should go further. Do you agree?"

"Yes sir."

He took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue into her willing mouth. She was inexperienced but learnt fast, matching his pace. When he drew away he could see that she was breathless.

He ground his erection in her hips and unhooked her bra, releasing her soft breasts. They were huge yet pert with large pink nipples. He took one between thumb and finger and squeezed it hard. She moaned in response. He cupped her breasts in both hands and bought his mouth to her beautiful nipples. He kissed, licked and sucked them, before biting down and teasing them out. She bucked her hips in abandon, clasping his hair in her hands.

He pushed her to the floor where she knelt between his spread knees. Without any instruction she unzipped his flies. He helped maneuvered his cock out of his boxers and she gazed at it in awe, alittle unsure of what to do with his massive, throbbing erection. The head of his cock was glistening with pre cum. He realized that me might need to instruct her in this. She was a good student, she would do everything he wanted.

"Just take it between your hands, yes like that, good girl. Now rub it up and down, oh yes, just like that. Lick it. God, Isabelle, lick it."

She bent down her head and licked his cock from shaft to tip, savoring the salty taste. She took it in her mouth, and at the guidance of his hands, begun to slide her mouth up and down. Tucking her lips over her teeth like a pro. She had sure got the hang of this fast. Mr. Cox luxuriated in the experience as his student sucked down greedily on his cock. He had to restrain himself from bucking his hips and vigorously fucking her face. But this was her first time. Stuff like that could come later.

But he didn't want to cum now. He wanted to give her some pleasure too. He pushed her down on the floor and she complied, spreading her legs for him. He got down from his chair and laid on top her. Kissing her he tasted himself in her mouth. Once again, he pinched her hard nipples. She moaned louder and he figured she must like that sort of thing. He must find an excuse to spank her one day.

But now he bought his hands to her pulsating pussy. He pulled her panties down and she slipped them off her legs. For a moment he bought them to his nose before pocketing them. As he kissed her he took his fingers and slowly circled her clit, driving her wild. She pressed her hips against him, wanting him inside her. He toyed with her, spreading her legs further and pinching her clit. Then he quickly slipped two fingers inside, feeling her tight, virgin pussy. He quickly located her g spot and finger fucked her into submission. She moaned and wailed with abandon, and writhed beneath him in ecstasy. When she finally came and squirted her juices over his hand he bought his finger to her mouth. She licked them greedily, little slut.

To finish off he told her to lay like that on the ground and play with her nipples, which she did willingly. Then he straddled her and started furiously tossing himself off. He came all over her tits and face, covering her in streams of spunk that she reveled in.

Then they lay panting and spent on the studio floor.

"Right," he said. " Well that was lesson one. Think about how much we will learn next week."