 Do you have any fantasies??

My wife says she has no fantasies. NO WAY!!! I know she has fantasies, but is just apprehensive to express them. So, I decided to create one for her. Here's how it went...

"Hurry up!!" I said to my wife. "We are going to be late"

My wife Mary and I have two small children. We are both 41, and in our second marriages. The children keep us busy of course. However, on occasion we do get a chance to go out without the kids. We have a pretty average sex life, but I'm always looking for ways to make it more exciting. This coming Saturday was our night out. We were both looking forward to it; but this time, I had a surprise for my wife. One I was hoping she would enjoy.

As she came down the stairs wearing my favorite dress, I noticed she was wearing my favorite Black Dress.

"You know how I love the way it looks on you.", I said.

It's a very, short tight dress and accents her body perfectly. It makes her tits look incredible, not to mention her ass. My wife is 5' 7," 135 lbs, 34c, jet black hair. When she wears this dress, she reminded me of Joan Jett.

I squeezed her ass, and could tell instantly she wasn't wearing any panties. I became hard instantly the minute I grabbed her ass. She reached for my crotch, kissed me and said, "ENJOY!!!" I just squeezed her ass again acknowledging her comment.

We kissed the kids goodbye, jumped in the car and head for the restaurant. As we entered the bar of the restaurant, our friends Dale, Sue, Jeff, and Erica were already sitting at a table, waving us over. Everyone noticed my wife's dress, especially the guys. Jeff couldn't take his eyes off her. Of course, he couldn't help it. He knew what was about to happen. 

You see, earlier in the week, I had proposed a plan to Jeff about creating a fantasy for my wife. I'm not sure if it was going to be her fantasy or his.

We sat down at the table. Jeff was sitting on my wife left side, and I was sitting on her right. The waitress brought our drinks. We took the first couple of sips, and started up in conversation with everyone. After about half of our drinks were gone, that familiar euphoric feeling hit me once the alcohol hit my blood stream. I moved my hand under the table and squeezed my wife bare thigh. 

She acknowledged my gesture with a kiss to my cheek, and a soft, "I Love You" in my ear.

I continued massaging her thigh, as the second round of drinks arrived. The conversation was becoming louder as everyone was feeling the effects of the drinks. Off and on, I would move my hand closer to my wife's unprotected pussy. I didn't touch it; instead, I just teased her. I could tell she was getting aroused. The closer I would get, the wider she would open her legs. Everyone was oblivious to what was happening, except Jeff. He was anticipating my signal.

I could tell the constant teasing was driving my wife crazy, but she couldn't do anything about it. 

She leaned over and whimpered in my ear, "Do you know how wet I am right now??" 

I just smiled and continued my assault. Edging closer and closer to heaven. Once again, she leaned over and begged me, "MY GOD!! Please touch my pussy." 

As she spoke, she opened her legs wider. She spread them so wide that we banged knees. She banged Jeff's knee as well because she quickly turned, and apologized to Jeff. Of course this was Jeff signal. 

As she turned back towards me, I nodded to Jeff. At this point, he started my plan. 

Earlier in the week, I asked Jeff if he would be interested creating a fantasy for my wife. He was supposed to mimic my actions under the table. We were going to tease her to the brink, and then give her some release. 

I knew the second he began, because my wife let out a slight gasp. It was audible enough for Sue, Dale's wife, to hear. 

She asked Mary if she was all right. My wife made up some excuse about the drink being "too cold." But I knew different...

I took a drink and noticed my wife was staring straight ahead. She looked a little flush. She just sipped her drink and carried on conversation at the table like everything was normal, but her face gave her away to me. 

By now my hand was very close to her wet pussy. I could feel the heat. Jeff's hand must have been close too. My plan was to move our hand up and down her thigh for about 10 minutes. We were to move our hands as close to her wet pussy as possible, without touching it. 

I could tell it was working, because occasionally, my wife's eyes closed momentarily as Jeff and I were close to her wet, hairy mound. Timing was key, and it worked perfectly. 

I leaned forward a bit to get Jeff's attention. It was time. My wife didn't even acknowledge me. She was forming words to answer a question, but you could tell she didn't really care about the question or answer. Her arousal was so intense, that she started to tremble slightly. 

Jeff caught my eye, and we both moved our hand from where ever it was at that point to her knee, as I had instructed Jeff earlier. At that point, we slowly inched our way up my wife's thigh to her wet, aching pussy. As we reached the apex, I could feel Jeff's hand. The hair on her pussy was teasing the back of our fingers. The instant we touched it, I was watching my wife's face for her reaction. She closed her eyes momentarily and gently bit her lower lip. 

There was no way she could stop what was happening. At this point, she was ours. She quickly opened her eyes as not be caught. She showed amazing composure. She carried on conversation like everything was normal. Occasionally her voice would change fluctuation as we stroked her.

She was in another world now, but only Jeff and I knew which one. 

She spread her legs as wide as they could go without ripping her dress, which gave us great access. Jeff found her wet tunnel first. I could feel his fingers moving in and out of her with a slow rhythm. I decided to work her clit. 

I locked it between my middle and fore finger, making circular motions. She was about to explode. She managed to laugh at a joke, I could tell she just wanted to close her eyes and enjoy the fingering she was getting. 

I took a sip of my drink and noticed that her hands were squeezing her drink glass tightly. She was moving her thumbs up and down the glass at a quickened pace. She was getting close to cumming. I know she wanted to scream, but she couldn't. 

She quickly picked up her drink, brought it to her mouth, and pretended to take a drink. All she was doing was preparing to hide her moans as she came. Boy did she, her knees were pressed so hard against Jeff and I, we almost lost our balance. Her legs were shaking, and her knees kept pushing against ours. This went on for at least a minute before the pressure stopped. Once the shaking stopped and her knees relaxed our legs, her orgasm was over. She slammed her drink.

"Honey, can you order me another drink," she said. 

She then excused her self to the ladies room. She was gone a long time. 

"Are you alright?" Sue asked. "Yeah, you look flushed." Erica said.

My wife just smiled and said, "I'm perfect!"

That signified to Jeff and I that we may have made a fantasy come true. At the very least, some masturbation thoughts for later.

She took a sip of her drink. She leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Thank you. I love you."

I said, "Anytime..."

She kissed my on the cheek, and said, "I've got Jeff's cock in my other hand. I will thank him later."

I'm wondering if that's another fantasy...