 You've taken up residence on Isla Mujeres, but it still seems strange to have an entire tropical island seemingly to yourself. For now, though, you're just enjoying yourself. One morning, you're out, strolling along the beach. Thoroughly enjoying the solitude, and the scenery. Idly, you start to collect seashells scattered on the beach by the recent storm. You spot a particularly beautiful conch shell lying in a few feet of water. You wade out to pick it up, but it's stuck on something. As you tug harder, a sudden wave washes over you, and you lose your footing as it recedes. Off balance, you fall into the water. Suddenly you realize you've been swept rapidly out into the ocean, and are some distance from shore, seemingly in the blink of an eye.

You start to awkwardly paddle toward shore. The light cotton dress that seemed so festive for beachcombing suddenly seems monstrously heavy and confining. You're so intent on keeping your head above water that when an arm reaches out and grabs you, you almost jerk free in reflexive surprise. You find yourself staring up into the face of the most handsome man you've seen in a very long time. With a cheerful smile on his face, he reaches over and effortlessly puts his hands around your waist, and pulls you out of the water and into the boat. When he asks if you're hurt, you reassure him you just lost your footing, got pulled out with the receding tide, and were heading back to shore.

It's warm, but your dress is clinging to you, and the wind is making you a little cold. He gets out a blanket, and leans over to wrap it around you. As he does, his lips meet yours, and you exchange a long, gentle kiss. As he finally pulls back, he smiles again at you, and tells you you're the most beautiful woman he's seen in a very long time. He says he's on a journey, and asks if you want to go back to your beach, or to take a trip with him. Still full of the warmth of the kiss, you emphatically tell him you're going to keep him company. Still with a smile, he picks up the oars, and starts to rhythmically pull, moving the boat farther out from shore.

You find yourself almost hypnotized by the play of the muscles on his bare chest as he keeps pulling on the oars. To your surprise, you find yourself still tingly from the kiss. You think several times that you should say something, but you're almost afraid saying or doing anything will break the moment. He just continues to smile at you, and you see the appreciation in his eyes as he looks at you. The feelings inside you make it hard to gauge time, but what is probably several hours later, you notice land coming up ahead of you, your boat heading toward an inviting beach. It looks familiar, and after a moment you realize it's Isla Mujeres, just a little down the coastline from where you were first pulled into the ocean. As you get closer, you see his campsite set up on the beach, an even more scenic spot than where you were beachcombing originally. You look at him quizzically, and he tells you he didn't mention how long the trip would be, only that there would be a trip, and that he wanted as much time with you as possible to enjoy your presence. You are almost annoyed with him, but enjoyed his sense of humor too much to be irritated.

As the boat slides to shore he climbs out. Then he extends his hand to you, and helps you out. He spreads several blankets out in the shade of a tree, then sits down, patting the blanket next to him. You sit down next to him, and he enfolds you in his arms. Your mouths meet again, and this time the kiss just seems to go on and on.

Finally, you pull back just long enough to look at him, then lean in again for another kiss. You feel his hands gently moving along your body, then his hands tugging on your dress. Together you slip it off and lay it in the sand. You love the feeling of the wind, now warm on your exposed skin. You shiver a little with his gaze moving over your body, but it isn't from the temperature, which is delightfully warm. You feel as his mouth kisses yours, then close your eyes as his mouth moves lower, now teasing the hollow of your throat. Now he's trailing kisses down from your throat, starting to move along one breast. Slowly moving toward one nipple, then taking it into his mouth, and starting to suck gently. You feel his tongue swirling around your nipple, and you feel as it hardens in reaction.

His hands are running up and down your spine, causing more shivers to move through your body. Then you feel one hand moving to your other breast, and that nipple being caressed between two fingers. You arch your back in reaction, one nipple deep in his mouth, the other being stroked and pulled between his fingers. Your feel your legs slide farther apart, and realize how wet you're getting from the attention to both nipples at once. All the sensations start to build up deep inside you. The wind, softly blowing against your skin. The sun, gently warming your body. You love the feeling of being totally naked and exposed, feeling the arousal build as he keeps touching you, caressing you, stroking you.

Suddenly you notice him sliding his hand down from your nipple and starting to trace patterns across your stomach with his fingertips. Your eyes are closed, your hands buried in his hair, just letting the sensations flow. You love feeling his mouth sucking harder at your nipple, making you so aroused, so wet. Then his hand slides lower, and begins to very lightly circle your outer lips. A little sigh escapes you as you realize how wet you are. Part of you wants him to hurry, but most of you wants the moment to go on and on.

You feel as his fingertips brush your outer lips, and slide up and down, slowly, gently. Not moving inside, but just brushing the surface. After what seems like forever, he finally moves a little deeper inside. You hear the catch in your breathing when his fingertip brushes your clit, and you feel yourself jump a little. Then his fingertip slides back, and begins to circle your clit. So lightly you can barely feel it, with slow, circular strokes. You feel the excitement building deep inside you, slowly rising. Both your nipples so hard they're almost aching, his tongue still brushing one nipple. While his fingers are still slowly circling your clit, feeling it get fully hard under his touch. You're starting to squirm a little as you get even more excited, thrusting your hips a little up, trying to pull him deeper. Your hands starting to slide up and down his back, feeling the muscles hard under your hands as he sucks harder on your nipple.

His fingers are stroking your clit a little harder now, but still light strokes. He asks if you're ready to have him inside you, and you tell him definitely yes. You feel as he brushes just the head of his cock against your lips, teasing you both a little. Then he starts to slowly slide his cock inside you. It's slow enough that you feel your muscles stretching around it, but you're so wet it slides effortlessly up inside you. Mmmmmmmm. Nice.

When he's finally all the way inside, he stops for a moment. You feel your muscles stretched around him, feeling him throb deep inside you. Then he rolls you over so that he's lying underneath you with you on top of him, still buried all the way inside. His hands reach up to caress each breast as you start to slowly slide up and down on top of him. Your hands start to slide along his chest as you move, up and down, up and down. Sliding up until just the head of his cock is inside you, then sliding down until the full shaft is buried so deep inside you. 

The breeze blowing on your body, the sun warm on your back, seeing him lying underneath you, feeling the sensations of his cock sliding in and out of your pussy, the excitement building deep inside you. You shift so that the base of his cock brushes your clit every time you move down on him. Feeling the sensations, build, and build, deep inside you. His fingertips stroking your breasts, pulling on your nipples, all the sensations building the excitement higher and higher. Hearing your breathing get ragged, putting your hands in his, and holding his arms down, enjoying the feeling of riding him, of being in control. Seeing his body underneath you, feeling his cock sliding in and out of you, your hands intertwined on the sand.

Until finally you can't hold back any longer, and you feel the sensations explode deep inside you. You feel your muscles spasm around his cock with the force of your orgasm, and it just seems to go on and on. You feel your spasms carrying him over the edge, and he comes deep inside you. You lie down on top of him, feeling his hands starting to gently stroke your back. You're shifting your hips just enough to feel his cock (still hard) move deep inside you as the aftershocks move through your body. You're totally languid now, feeling the afterglow inside you, the sun warm on your back, his body under you, his cock still buried inside you. You feel your mind gently drifting toward sleep, already eagerly imagining what may happen once you've both rested for a little while.