 The best thing about being a writer is that I can make my own rules. Except for the times when I receive a panicky call from a publisher needing something quick, I can work my own hours on the projects of my own choosing. I've also made the rule that for the sake of inspiration, all writers are allowed to travel to different destinations for the sake of their craft. So, depending on my mood, I've found myself in a quiet cabin in the mountains of Colorado, or a bright, noisy apartment in Manhattan, or on a beach somewhere.

St. Thomas, in the Caribbean, is one of my favorite getaways. It's beautiful and inspiring, and I can always find quiet, isolated places where I can get work done. So with several deadlines ahead, and nothing particularly creative rattling around in my head, I made my reservations for a trip. 

I flew in on a Friday afternoon, planning to stay a long week, through the following weekend. The little airport was crowded. It seemed that a lot of people from around the world were looking to find some kind of relief on the island. I walked briskly down the busy corridor, from the gate where my flight had arrived, to the baggage claim area. 

In St. Thomas, like most Caribbean Islands, you can forget being in a hurry. Life moves much slower than even the most laid-back US city. I made my way to the baggage carousel, thinking my bags would be out in just minutes. Then I remembered where I was, took a deep breath, found a comfortable chair, and settled in for a long wait.

I was staring into space, trying to relax, when suddenly I was shaken out of my stupor. At the next baggage area, were the most gorgeous pair of legs I have ever seen. The girl that was attached to them was bending over, struggling with her luggage, and her short black skirt was riding up higher and higher on her. My eyes followed those legs all the way up to where the skirt was, where her black panties we're peeking out. Then there was the most perfect round ass that I had ever seen. If I were the gentleman that I should have been, I would have helped her pick up her bags. But I couldn't let this epic moment pass so I decided to enjoy the view as long as possible. 

The show didn't last that long. She got things together, stood up, and walked toward the airport exit doors. I felt that, at least, I should have stood up and applauded. And then I got angry with myself. That perv move I made, sitting there and just staring at her, cost me the chance to actually meet her. If only I had made the choice to be her knight in shining armor. I had to get smarter about meeting beautiful women.

Soon, my bags drifted in front of me on the conveyer belt, and I swooped them up and headed for the door, still thinking about what might have been. I took three steps outside the door, and, there she was. I stopped near the taxi stand, and kept my eyes off her at any cost. What if she had seen me drooling over her ass? If I started to stare again, she might call security. So, I looked straight ahead into the street.

"Excuse me, sir." She was talking to ME! Was she going to lecture me about taking advantage of ladies in distress? Or tell me what a lecherous pig I was? 

"Can you help me?" 

Her voice was like a beautiful song, with a pleasant accent. I wasn't certain about where she was from, but I loved hearing her talk.

"Of course!" I said, a bit nervously.

"Have you ever been to St. Thomas before? At this airport?" she asked.

"Yes, I have. Several times."

"Can you tell me if this is where I can get a cab to my hotel?"

I had to clear my throat, because as much as I tried to look her in the eye, I was still thinking about her beautiful butt.

"What hotel are you staying at?"

"The Marriot, Frenchman's Cove."

I smiled, "Aha! Good choice! It happens to be where I'm staying." Now that I was looking at her face-to-face, I had almost forgotten about those legs. Her eyes were amazing. They were the most beautiful shade of green that I had ever seen. They sparkled. And, when she smiled, her face was bright and alive.

"You're in the right place for a taxi," I told her. "But you have to remember you're now on the islands. Things move a lot slower here than anywhere else in the world. There will be another cab coming by, but sometimes it takes a while."

"Thank you, you're very kind." 

I wanted to continue the conversation, but I wasn't sure what might be comfortable for her. I didn't want to sound like I was hitting on her, even though that was exactly what I was doing. I was trying to think of something clever to say, when I heard her voice.

"Since we're going to the same place, and taxis are so hard to come by here, would it be okay with you if we shared a ride?"

"I was about to suggest the same thing. I think that would be awesome."

I got up the nerve to get a bit more personal. "You speak English beautifully, but I did notice an accent. Where are you visiting from?"

"I'm from Romania. I assume you're from the US?"

"Yes, I'm from Texas."

"Ahhhh, I did notice that you had a bit of an accent too!" She flashed a sly smile that let me know that she got me back. And, I have to say, it was the sexiest smile I had ever seen. 

We loaded our suitcases in the cab's trunk and I opened the back door for her to get in before me. That was when I noticed, once again, the thing that first attracted me to her. Ohhhhhhh, that awesome ass! Everything seemed to be going well, so I thought I might continue our conversation.

"What are you doing in the beautiful Caribbean?"

She sighed and paused for a moment. "I guess I'm trying to find myself again."

"I guess I won't be able to help with that because I have no idea about who you're looking for."

"I'm sorry," she said, smiling softly. "My name is Sophia."

"I'm Adam, Sophia. It's good to meet you."

"It's so nice to meet you, Adam. You are really my knight in shining armor here. Thank you for taking time to give me information."

So I AM her knight, after all! She must not have seen me checking her out at the baggage claim. This seemed to be going great. Sophia was smiling that beautiful smile, and we were talking quite comfortably. I have to start making plans now for all the good times we'll have on the island.

"I have a question." I was trying to be the most charming I could be, if I was going to make this the most memorable week of my life. "Why did you think you had to come all the way to St. Thomas to find yourself?"

"I'm just tired of all the pressure on me back home in Romania. I have to please so many people that I have to be someone different to every person in my life. So much pressure, and I'm just tired of people. I came here so I could isolate myself. I want to be alone. I want to get away from everybody, and just discover who I really am again."

My heart sank. She came here to get away from people, and I was trying my best to hook up with her. Suddenly, this didn't seem promising at all. I had crashed and burned. I would have to be content with the fact that I was really nice to somebody, but I didn't get anything in return. I think that should count for some good karma down the line.

"Yeah, I get that. What do you do back home that gets you so stressed out?"

"I'm a model. It's a job that everyone has their own idea about how I'm supposed to perform. Sometimes I feel like some kind of a trained animal."

I thought about what she was saying, and I understood completely what she was talking about. 

"I get that. It's kind of like what I do. I'm a writer, and my publisher, my agent, and my readers all have expectations."

"A writer? That's interesting! Working on a big story here?"

"I came here to escape, like you. I need to get away to take a deep breath and get inspired. And, St. Thomas is one of the best places to do that."

"But I bet that people know where you are. I left without telling anyone anything. As far as they're concerned, I've disappeared off the face of the earth."

"Wow! That sounds mysterious. There won't be any mobster types who are going to shake me down to get information about you, are there?"

"I hope not," Sophia said, her hand holding in a giggle.

"What about your family? Your significant other?"

Suddenly her smile faded. "I don't have much of a family life. It's a long story and I don't want to get depressed. As far as men go, I think I'm giving up. My last boyfriend made our relationship the same as my work - he had demands and he expected me to be someone I'm not. Like I told you, that's the story of my life."

I couldn't get over how pretty this girl was. She was a model, so that explains her beautiful body. But there was something in her eyes that drew me deeper. They sparkled when she talked. But, there was also a stressed-out look in them. As much as I wanted to be with her this week, I also knew that there were things going on inside her that she really did need to get settled. I really hoped Sophia would find some relief here, in the beauty of St. Thomas. 

We continued to talk for the rest of the ride to the hotel. It was not as deep as the conversation we began with. We discussed the natural beauty of the island, and how much we both enjoyed the beach. I wanted her to smile as much as possible. It wasn't totally unselfish on my part, though. I was captured by Sophia's beauty. I wasn't looking forward to saying goodbye.

"Hey, the hotel is right around the corner," I informed her. "I want to tell you something from my heart, before we go our separate ways. I hope you find Sophia while you're here. Because I think she's an awesome person. I'm glad I met you."

"Thank you, Adam. It was a pleasure being with you. I would appreciate all your good thoughts. I really need to find some peace here."

I took her hand, and looked into her beautiful green eyes. "You know where I am."

We got out of the cab, and I helped her with her luggage. Then we went our separate ways. I really didn't expect to see her again, because we both were going to be busy doing what we came to St. Thomas to do. 

After I checked in at the front desk, I gathered up my things and took the elevator to the fifth floor. This was the nicest hotel on the island, and I always enjoyed being here. I stepped into my room and took a deep breath, looked out over the beach through the large picture window, and walked out on the balcony. The fresh air filled my lungs and my eyes took in the beautiful blue Caribbean. I already had begun to feel inspired.

I decided that my surroundings called for low-tech creativity, so I picked up a notebook and pencils and left my laptop in the room as I set out to find a place to organize all the thoughts in my head. I strolled through the streets, the sunshine warming my face. I found a quiet pub on a side street settled into a table in the corner of the room. Right away, my soul and my brain began to work overtime, giving me fresh ideas for new projects. But there was one picture that kept returning to my mind - Sophia's beautiful face.

Time flies when you're getting work done. And the first two days of my writing had passed quickly. I decided that since I had accomplished so much, Monday morning was going to be a time for taking a break. I took a shower, closed my eyes and let the water pour down on my face. And I wondered how Sophia was this morning. The more I thought about her, the more I had wished that we had spent more time together. 

The café at Frenchman's Cove Hotel opened up to the outdoors, overlooking the beach. I found a table facing the water. The hot brewed coffee and fresh fruit breakfast woke me up, and I was ready for whatever this day held for me.

I was rehearsing all the thoughts and ideas that had drifted through my brain so far this week when I heard someone from behind me calling my name.

"Adam! My knight in shining armor!"

I stood and turned, face-to-face with Sophia's beautiful smile and her shining eyes. Her arms were open to me, so I embraced her in a friendly hug.

"Well," I said, "have you found Sophia yet somewhere on this beautiful island?"

"I think I'm finding some success in doing that. This is the first time I've seen the light of day since I got here. I've been in my room thinking and discovering. I believe I've reached the point that if I can honest connections with people, that's where I'm going to find out who I really am."

"You've missed out on some of nature's most beautiful sights. But I'm glad to hear you're making some progress."

"Adam, are you alone? Would it be okay if I shared your table?"

"The last time we shared something is still a very pleasant memory. I'd be happy to have you here."

I pulled a chair out and put it close to mine. My reasoning was that I wanted her to have a great view of the water. But, honestly, I just wanted to be as near her as I could get. She was wearing white shorts and a bright red top, and she looked amazing. I wanted to just stare at her, drinking in her beauty, soaking up her sensuality. 

"I think I've had enough isolation," she giggled. "I decided today I wanted to be with people. And, I have to confess something to you. I was looking for you. "

"I'm honored. And pretty excited about it too. I've thought about you a million times the last couple of days. Do you have any plans for the rest of your stay here?"

"First of all, I want to go to an isolated beach somewhere on the island. I want to be there in the moonlight. It's kind of a romantic fantasy I've always had."

"Well, I think I know the perfect place. Every time I come to St. Thomas I spend some time at Dorothea Bay. Nobody knows about it, and it's fabulous."

I tore a page out of my tablet, poised my pencil over it, and then, began to write. 

"I'm going to draw you a map of how to get there. It's not far away, so you can walk there. I want you to arrive at Dorothea at about fifteen minutes before sunset. I have some work to do if I'm going to make this evening worthy of your fantasies."

I gave Sophia a kiss on the cheek, stood up, and left her there, rather stunned. To me, it was worth the risk that she might not show up. Because I wanted to make this night one that she would never forget.

With a bottle of the best red wine on the island in my hand, and a large comfortable blanket from the hotel under my arm, I made my way down the quiet narrow road to Dorothea Bay. Before I would get to the beach, the road would become a path, and then the path would disappear completely into thick island foliage and soft sand. The trees and bushes finally opened up, and before me was the most beautiful beach I had ever seen. Time was passing quickly until sunset, so I found a perfect place for the blanket, under a large palm tree, and spread it over the sand. I placed the wine bottle near one corner of the blanket, along with two long-stemmed wine glasses I had convinced the restaurant manager to lend me. I gathered enough driftwood and dry palm leaves to start a small campfire. It would make a good signal fire to draw Sophia to our perfect place.

The skies began to blend into the beautiful shades of sunset colors, and they melted into the brilliant blue water. The waves rolled over the edge of the beach making rhythmic percussion sounds. I was lost in the sights and the sounds that surrounded me when I saw Sophia strolling on the beach toward me. I was struck, once again, by how gorgeous she was. I wanted Sophia. Tonight.

"I don't think I've ever seen anything so beautiful," exclaimed Sophia as she sat down next to me.

"I was thinking the same thing, but I was looking at you." 

I opened the wine and poured us both a glass, and proposed a toast. "This is to our finding what we need on this island." 

"To us!" said Sophia, smiling.

We were silent for a while, sipping our wine, watching the sunset, and glancing occasionally at each other, exchanging smiles. I was looking inside myself for something smooth or clever to say to her, but it seemed like that it would have taken something away from the moment. And then, as the moon lit the crest of the waves, I reclined on the blanket and reached over and touched Sophia's hand. She got the message. She stretched out next to me and we looked into each other's eyes. Her lips were so full, so red, so I leaned in to kiss her. Soft kisses, our lips just barely touching. Our warm breath mixed together. When Sophia wrapped her leg over mine, I felt the heat of the inside of her thigh, and my cock began to stiffen.

Our kisses got deeper and more sensual. Her lips were delicious and I began to suck her bottom lip, savoring its flavor and fullness. Sophia's hips began to rock back and forth in response, and my hard dick began to press against her thigh. Our tongues teased each other, exploring our warm wet mouths. My breathing was faster, and Sophia began to moan softly. Before I even knew what was happening my hands were clinching that amazing ass, the ass that I had only dreamed about, squeezing her cheeks and pushing her hips into my hardness.

Sophia feverishly unbuttoned my shirt and began kissing me all over my chest. I slipped my hands into her shorts and under her panties. Her ass was soft just as I had imagined but felt so firm. I unzipped her shorts so I could have full access, and my hands touched between her legs. When I touched her pussy, she responded with a gasp. She was so wet that it surprised me. This beautiful lady was hot and ready. And I couldn't have stopped now if my life depended on it. But what a wonderful way to go.

Somehow we scrambled around to remove all of our clothes. I know I pulled off some of hers and some of mine, but I'm not exactly sure how we both got naked. For the first time since we started kissing, though, I opened my eyes. Sophia was a goddess. Her body was perfect, and tonight, she was offering it to me.

I kissed her neck and up and down her shoulders wile I continued fingering her warm, wet pussy. She was stroking my hard, thick cock and squeezing my balls. It felt wonderful. My mouth was hungry for her tits, so I began kissing them. My mouth covered her nipples, and I began to suck them, and circle them with my tongue. I sucked them and felt them get hard in my mouth. Her nipples were about the size of the end of my thumb, and the feel of them excited me even more. My fingers had withdrawn from inside her pussy, and now I was rubbing her clit.

"Fuck me, Adam. Please fuck me."

"Ohhhhhhhh Sophia, I want you so much."

"I'm yours, lover"

I rolled over on to my back, my hard cock pointing to the sky for all it was worth. It was begging me to be inside this beautiful lady and I wasn't going to disappoint. Sophia climbed on top of me, poised her dripping wet pussy over my cock, and began to slowly slide down my thick shaft. Her vagina was so tight, and if it hadn't been so wet, it would have been difficult to slide my girth inside her. But with one solid thrust, I was all the way inside. And for a moment we were perfectly still. Sophia's tight pussy began to squeeze my cock, and she could feel me throbbing inside her.

Sophia began to ride me, rocking slowly at first. And then I began to match her rhythms, lifting her with each thrust into her pink hole. Together we bucked and fucked harder and faster. The moonlight shone on the Sophia's naked body and the whole scene made me more enthusiastic.

She began making love sounds, moans, and soft screams. And from somewhere within me came a deep roar, like no sound I had ever made. We were fucking harder and faster, and I was driving my dick deeper into her as her body bounced into mine. I was going to cum if I didn't change my position, so I lifted Sophia off her ride, and turned her over. I didn't have to say a word. She offered her hot ass in front of me, on her hands and knees, and I wanted it. I teased her clit with the head of my cock and my precum began to drip from it, down her pussy lips and on to her ass. I couldn't tease her any longer. I drove my hard dick deep inside Sophia's pussy, and she met me, banging her ass cheeks into me. Our doggy-style fuck was wild and loud, louder than even the surf beating on the shoreline. I pounded my dick into Sophia, harder and faster. Then I reached around her, took her tits in my hands and pulled her back into me with even more intensity. My thick shaft was dragging over her clit with every thrust.
