 Author' Note: Ami and Ren are in Curacao on vacation, and shortly after they arrived, they met Max and Liesel. The Dutch couple is introducing Ami and Ren to a lifestyle they had only fantasized about.

*****

Ami and Max walked arm and arm naked to the bathroom. Ami reached down to caress Max's ass, and he returned the favor, eliciting a butt wiggle from Ren's wife. Ami should have been nervous, but she wasn't. Even though she hadn't been with another man since she married Ren, it was like a switch had been flipped, and all of her inhibitions had melted away. She was going to fuck Max. He knew it; she knew it, and she couldn't wait to feel his thick cock inside her. Opening the glass shower door, she reached in to turn on the water. 

Max came up behind her, his erection arriving six inches before the rest of him. His hard flesh slipped between the cheeks of her ass as he wrapped his arms around her, cupping her breast in his left hand while his right traversed the flat plane of her stomach to the juncture between her legs. His fingers circled her clit as he kissed her neck. She leaned back against him, arching her neck to allow him greater access to that erogenous zone. 

Reaching behind, she grasped his cock, pumping it leisurely as his lips moved to her shoulder. 

***

Liesel sat on the corner of the tub with her legs spread wide and Ren's face buried between them. The fact that he was lapping the cunt he had just moments before filled with his own cum didn't escape Liesel's notice, but it only made the whole experience more erotic. She leaned back against the wall with her feet planted on the edge of the tub, opening herself fully to Ren's oral exploration. His tongue flicked up and down against her clit while his fingers circled the entrance to her hole. He had a way of vibrating his tongue that was driving Liesel wild. Placing his lips around her tiny nub, he sucked gently, coaxing it further out of its protective hood. Alternating between circular, side-to-side and top-to-bottom motions, he kept up a steady rhythm that was sending an electric current throughout her body. 

*** 

When the water was hot, they stepped into the shower and Ami spun in his arms to kiss him. Their tongues intertwined and their hands explored each other as water cascaded over their bodies. Taking his hand, Ami led him over to the corner of the shower where there was a seat built into the wall. 

Sitting down on the bench, she reached for his hard member and pulled him closer. She leaned forward and extended her tongue to the tip of his penis where a drop of clear fluid was leaking from the tip. She swiped it away and savored it before her tongue darted out again to bathe his cockhead with her saliva. 

Max gazed down and wondered for the thousandth time if there was any more erotic site than watching a woman worship your cock with her tongue. Cupping his balls in one hand, Ami opened wide to take Max into her mouth. 

Even with her jaw fully extended, Ami could barely fit his thickness in her mouth. Letting him slip from her mouth, she stretched her jaw and rubbed it. 

"God, your cock is big! How the hell does Liesel take that monster in her pussy, let alone in her ass?" she asked in wonder. 

Max laughed. "She's had a lot of practice." 

"Mmm," Ami said, "then I'd better start practicing." 

She opened wide and swallowed his manhood again. Max slipped his hands into her hair and gently thrust into her mouth, reveling in the feel of her tongue caressing his cock as he pumped in and out. 

Ami kept it up until her jaw grew tired. Extracting his cock, she stood up and kissed him again. 

He reached for the soap and began to lather her body. She loved the feel of his hands on her. He began at her neck, working his way down her shoulders to the upward slope of her breasts. She closed her eyes as his soapy fingers reached her nipples, and traced around her areola. 

He palmed her large breasts, pressing firmly while circling his hands. Her nipples were rock hard. Max continued down her stomach, but stopped before reaching the golden down between her legs. Dropping to his knees, he began working his way up her left leg, taking a second to stop and plant a light kiss on her pussy mound. 

Again he stopped before reaching the promised land and worked his way up her right leg. Spinning her around, he slapped her ass, first one cheek and then the other, leaving bright red handprints on both. 

"Oh!" a surprised gasp escaped Ami's lips. It had happened so quickly, she'd barely had time to react. 

Max rose to his feet, but continued soaping her ass, his fingers digging into her cleft, paying particular attention to her butthole. 

"Oh, ugh!" Ami said again in surprise. 

With her body pressed up against the glass of the shower wall, she felt Max insinuate his thick soapy finger into her ass up to the first knuckle. His finger was much thicker than the one Liesel had inserted into her a short time ago, but she liked what he was doing. Still, she shivered slightly in nervousness. 

"Is he going to try to fuck my ass," she feared. There was no way she could take that thick cock into her tight virgin ass. 

She needn't have worried, though, because Max removed his finger and reached around to begin washing her pussy from behind. 

"Oh God, that feels good," Ami thought, as his thick fingers massaged every fold of her hot box. Max allowed his middle finger to slip inside her a little, fucking her with it gently, and Ami spread her legs subconsciously, allowing him easier access. 

She felt Max's hard cock sliding between the soapy crevice of her ass, sliding easily between her slippery cheeks, and again fear coursed through her, but Max directed his cockhead downward until it was poised as the entrance of her pussy. 

"Do it!" she said. "Slide your big cock into my pussy!" 

Max did, but he was gentle about it. Ami gasped as he opened her up. Never had she felt anything so big in her pussy. It took her breath away. With gentle in and out thrusts, Max went a little deeper each time. Soon Ami was timing her backward push with Max's forward thrust to take him deeper. 

"Oh, fuck!" Ami exclaimed, panting and grunting. 

"Ooof! My God, are you fucking me with a baseball bat?" 

Believe it or not, that wasn't the first time Max had heard that. 

Ami moaned as she accepted another inch, hoping that he was just about all the way inside her. She wasn't sure how much more she could take. Thankfully, she felt his groin make contact with her ass and knew that she had him all. A sigh of relief escape her lips just as Max began to withdraw. 

She braced herself against the glass for his full onslaught, but was a little surprised that he gently eased himself back into her, and she found that the second time was much easier. 

Again he withdrew, and again he gently slid into her. This time, she pushed back to take him. That was Max's cue to know that she was ready. He picked up the pace slightly, thrusting more firmly into the hot young woman. He loved breaking in a new pussy. 

A slight grunt escaped Ami's lips, and her breasts were pressed firmly against the glass as she accepted the fucking that she knew would make her tender tomorrow. With each in and out thrust, Max picked up the pace. Ami had to admit that she loved the feeling of being so full. She'd always thought that length was overrated and that it was really girth that made the difference. Max was proving her theory to be scientific fact. 

With one hand bracing against the glass, she put her other hand between her legs, allowing the hard cock pummeling her pussy to slide through her split fingers, adding more stimulation to herself and to Max. 

She could see herself reflected in the bathroom mirror, her breasts mashed flat against the shower wall, and Max behind her. His gaze was directed downward at her ass, watching as his cock buried itself repeatedly into her from behind. 

Ami bent her knees a little so that he could thrust more easily in to her. 

"God, yes! Fuck me hard! Make me take that big cock." 

Her fingers moved to her clit, and drummed a steady beat to bring herself to orgasm. 

"Oh! Oh! Ughhh!" she cried as she came, and Max felt her pussy contract around his shaft. He drove himself as deep as possible and unleashed a torrent of sperm into her cunt. With each contraction of his orgasm, he drove again deeply into her, nearly lifting her off the ground by no other means than the cock buried in her pussy. 

Ami gasped and accepted his load, her knees weak and near collapse, but she knew she wouldn't fall because Max's arms were wrapped tightly around her. 

They were both breathing hard, and it took several minutes before either could speak again. Max eased away from her, and Ami allowed the monster to slip from her ravaged pussy. She turned around and dropped to her knees, engulfing Max in her mouth and cleaning their combined fluids from his cock. 

She rose and kissed him, and he loved the comingled flavors on her tongue. 

***

Liesel and Ren reclined in the large spa tub. After Ren had brought her to orgasm with his tongue and fingers, Liesel needed a break. She relaxed against him as they talked quietly. 

She felt him kiss the top of her head, and his fingers lazily traced circles around her left nipple, which was prominently extended. 

"How do you think Max and Ami are getting along," she asked, a little concerned that he might be jealous and having regrets. Even though he was sitting naked with her in the tub, men could be funny creatures when it came to other men fucking their wives. 

"I'm afraid that after she's had Max's big cock, I might not measure up anymore," he said. 

Liesel didn't really hear true concern in his voice, but you could never tell. 

"Honnepon, having had the delightful opportunity to experience both of your wonderful cocks, I assure you that you have absolutely nothing to worry about in that department. Your cock is a work of art. 

He chuckled. "Thanks," he said. "I don't think anyone's ever said that to me before. By the way, what did you call me? Hone apone?" 

"Honnepon," Liesel corrected. "It means 'lover.' " 

She nuzzled back into him, laying her head against his shoulder. Ren's strong arms encircled her, leisurely traversing across her flat stomach and toward the juncture of her thighs. 

"Can I ask you a personal question," Liesel said. 

"Sure," Ren said distractedly. His fingers were now playing in her lightly furred snatch. 

"Have you ever fucked a woman in her ass?" She felt his cock twitch against her back. 

"I've tried, but no," he admitted disappointedly. "Ami doesn't want to. I did try with a few girlfriends in college, but they made me stop before we got too far into it saying it hurt too much." 

"Anal is scary for a lot of women," Liesel said. "The man has to have a lot of patience and know what he's doing." 

"I admit. I don't really," Ren said, wondering why he was revealing some of his deepest, darkest desires to a woman he barely knew. 

"Can I tell you a secret?" Liesel asked. "I think Ami is ready to let you fuck her ass." She felt his cock harden against her lower back and his heart beat faster in his chest. Ren was silent for a moment. 

"I'd like to help," Liesel said. "Would you let me?" 

"How?" Ren asked. 

"I want you to fuck me in the ass while she watches. I want to show you how to make love to a woman's ass and show Ami how pleasurable it can be. Will you let me do that?" 

The hard cock pressed into her back left little doubt to his answer, and he confirmed it when he said, "Is that a trick question?" 

She looked up at him, and his shit-eating grin told her everything she needed to know. 

"Come on. Let's go get another drink and see what our spouses are doing. I believe you have a date with my ass."