 We've been traveling for a good 6 hours and finally make it to the room...Exhausted from the flight I decide to curl up and take a nap while you venture off to explore the resort. No idea how much time has passed...I'm awoken by your soft, wet lips on mine...melting into the kiss I barely notice you've blindfolded me while I slept...

My juices begin to flow the deeper you kiss me and I pull you on top of me eager for more...but immediately you pull away and help me to my feet..."Not here baby..."

Wondering what on earth you're talking about I feel a leap of excitement as to what you have in store for me...for us...

You lead me down the beach...I feel the warm soft sand beneath my bare toes and I can hear the gentle surf crashing just a few feet away...

You stop and though I can't see you, I can tell you're inches away...You lean down and tell me how beautiful I look under the moonlight...and as I reach to remove the blindfold so I can see you, you grab my face between your hands and gently kiss me again...so soft...like always...and say "not yet sweetheart, come"

You've reserved a private beach cabana overlooking the ocean and you've had a chocolate fondue set up...with wine...and the only illumination we have is the moonlight...

You still haven't removed my blindfold...you're eager to play with my senses...as you kiss me you place your hand on my back and gently lay me down on the bed...and continue kissing my face...my neck...my ears...down to my collar bone...and already you can see my nipples hardening beneath my sarong. 

You loosen the ties and gently pull down the thin material until my breasts are exposed...hardened and wanting...You take a strawberry...dip it into the warm melted chocolate and gently start to trace around my nipple...leaving a trail of chocolate...You tell me to taste...so I eagerly grab my left breast and bring it to my mouth...swirling my tongue slowly all the way around...just seeing this, your cock stiffens even harder in your linen pants...precum dripping already. Without hesitation you bury your face into my chest and aggressively lick up every last trace of chocolate left... You kiss me as you lower yourself onto me...squeezing me into you...and pushing your hard cock against my already dripping wet pussy... 

Too many clothes between us is the first thought that comes to mind...so you gently pull away the rest of the sarong and I'm lying there completely nude under the moonlight...

You undo your pant strings and let them drop to the ground...we're both fully exposed now...to any potential passerby...

Suddenly aware of how exposed I am I try to cover myself and you grab my hands...intertwine your fingers with mine and say "Relax baby...you have nothing to worry about...I want you to surrender to me tonight"...A little reluctant...I decide to let go...and as I do you slowly start to kiss every inch of my exposed body...my ribs...my waist...down to my pelvis and as you near her...I rise to meet your mouth...

Still blindfolded everything feels so much more intense...you begin kissing my hips bones...down to my groin...and slowly over one labia...to the other...you can see my juices dripping down already.. and all you want to do is bury your face in my soft...wet pussy. You don't even touch me with your hands...you take the strawberry and gently and slowly trace around my pussy with the tip of it...I moan in pleasure and you decide to take the strawberry and dip it into my own juices...swirling it around...then you bring it to your mouth for a taste...mmmm sooo gooood...and then gently bring it to my lips and as I taste myself I then slowly take a bite...fuck that's delicious...

By know I'm writhing below you so you take your tongue and begin down low at my opening and slowly glide upwards towards my clit as you take your pinky finger and gently tease my ass...and that's all it takes before I'm cumming on your mouth...Omg that was insane!...I've never cum that fast before...but the buildup...wow...

I whip off the blindfold...and grab your face...bringing it to mine...staring into your eyes...knowing exactly what you're thinking...I kiss you and can taste myself as our tongues intertwine...and its a matter of seconds before you're inside me slowly thrusting in and out...Oh dear God I've never felt you this hard before...

Your thrusting is so slow and gentle...you know I love to feel the feels and as badly as you want to thrust harder and faster...something about this moment and where we are slows you down to do the same...

Without a word...we've decided together to savour each and every second of this...

After a few more slow...sensual thrusts...I decide I want to take a little bit of control...so I roll us over and the next thing you know I'm straddling you...my breasts right in your face...you grab them gently and slowly nibble on each nipple...I groan in pleasure...they're so sensitive...mmmm

While you're enjoying my large mounds in your face...I let your hard cock rest on my behind...so nicely between my cheeks...this in itself is teasing me...

As much as I'm enjoying this its your turn to surrender to me...I pull away and grab the blindfold...once its on...I grab the chocolate...and begin to slowly drip a trail down your chest...to your belly...to your pelvis...

You flinch a little at the heat but you recover quickly. You can't stand not being able to see...mmm payback... 

I lean down and kiss your lips but only for a second before I begin to make my way south...slowly...inch by inch...my nipples dragging along your skin as my tongue licks every last inch of the chocolate trail down to your hard dripping cock...

Not being able to see a thing...you realize how sensitive everything else is...you can smell the chocolate...you can smell my pussy...and you can feel my breath inching closer and closer...

Without touching...you feel my soft, wet tongue lower slowly onto your dripping head...swirling the precum all over...up and down and around your rigid shaft...I then take each of your balls inside my mouth and you groan in pleasure as I take my hand and gently slide it up and down your shaft at the same time. I go a little harder and faster and I can tell you're getting close..."Not yet gorgeous"...

I immediately pull away and you feel nothing but the breeze coming in off the ocean...Where did I go?

You suddenly feel my legs on either side of you...I slowly take the blindfold off...and stare into your eyes and I slowly lower myself further onto you...you're expecting my pussy but wait...its tighter...and then you realize I'm teasing my ass with your dripping cock...I lower some more and just when I think its wet enough...your head slowly eases in...holy fuck its tight and it hurts a lil but also feels amazing...I ease off and lean forward kissing you...this drives you insane...SO CLOSE...

I decide that's enough teasing and before you know it my wet dripping pussy eases onto your hard eager cock...we both throw our heads back in pleasure as your cock pushes its way through my pussy lips and disappears inside of me...the deepest part of you...inside the deepest part of me...

I gaze into your eyes as I slowly ride you...grinding my hips into yours...geezus fuck this feels amazing. I lean down and kiss you and press my breasts into your chest...your arms pull me closer...as if it were possible...

Our rhythm is perfect...and as we gain intensity I can feel in your kiss that you're close and so am I. Your breathing increases and before I even blink...you cry out as you spill your massive load into me...

Just hearing you and the intensity of your orgasm that's all it takes before I'm joining you in mine...

I roll off of you and you pull me close...kissing my neck...behind my ear...and its only a few moments before we're drifting off to sleep listening to the swaying palms above and the ocean lapping on the sand just a few feet away...