 It all started with an innocent status on FB about boys watching porn their whole lives and still not knowing what they're doing. It was posted by a girl I had known for years. I decided to send her a cheeky private message telling her she had been looking in the wrong places and to look no further.

The conversation then turned sexual and we agreed to meet up. She doesn't live alone so when it was late at night I went around to her house and she snuck me into her room. I thought things would be awkward but they weren't, it felt natural and passion just took over.

When I came into her room she dropped her dressing gown to reveal a sexy black lace crotchless body stocking. I told her she looked amazing and we started passionately kissing. I pushed her onto the bed and worked my way down her body, I started kissing her neck then moving down and burying my head between her breasts before licking her erect nipples and then sucking on them. As I went to move further down she stopped me and said "Me first!"

She took off my t-shirt then led me onto the bed and sat on me straddling one leg either side of my torso. She placed my hands up above my head and told me to keep them there then kissed me on the lips. She slowly moved down to kissing my neck before running her fingers through my hairy chest and running her tongue all the way down until she got to my genital area. She undid my belt and unzipped my trousers before slowly removing them so I was just in my boxers. I could tell she wanted to build things up and wanted to tease me a little so she first rubbed her hand on my dick over the top of my Calvin Klein's and I let out a moan. My hands moved down to grab her breasts but she told me no and placed them back above my head.

She then sat on my torso and pushed her breasts in my face so I could suck them then moved down my body and thrust my cock between her breasts. My dick pulsed between her breasts and I could tell she was aroused by this as she let out a slight moan. She then slid my boxers off and kissed and licked my thigh then my groin. She took a hold of my dick and took my balls in her mouth gently sucking on them. How did she know this was one of my biggest turn ons?!

She then started to lick around my dick and with her pierced tongue licked around the tip of my dick. I let out another loud moan. I had never had anyone with a pierced tongue do this to me, I didn't realise how erotic that was! She then started sucking on my dick getting deeper and faster until I was hitting the back of her throat. I told her it felt so good it wasn't going to be long until I came so she told me to relax and when I did she would swallow. She continued sucking my cock until she let out an almighty moan and that sent me over the edge, I came in her mouth. She swallowed the lot and she said she couldn't believe how good I tasted! I laid there for a moment letting the orgasm pass and then I looked at her, smiled and said "Your turn!"

I opened her bedside drawer and took out a blindfold and her rampant rabbit which she had told me was in there during our original Facebook chat. I put the blindfold on her and turned on the vibrator changing the settings. I kissed her and my tongue was running down her body. I put the vibrator on her clit so she could feel the vibrations, she said it felt good and I kept teasing her pussy with it. I wanted to make sure she was nice and wet before sliding it inside her.

I had the vibrator so the rabbit ears were touching her clit g-spot and the end of the vibrator was in line with her pussy. I then kept pushing it back and forth so it starting entering her a little bit with each push. When it was fully inside her I was playing with her breasts with one hand and fucking her with the vibrator with the other. I could tell the feeling got more and more intense and she couldn't help but moan. The more she moaned the faster I got. I knew I was hitting the right spots as she let out another moan. I kept going and going and I knew she had an orgasm building. I didn't stop, as the feeling got more and more intense I knew she was about to orgasm as she grabbed a pillow and bit down on it to stop her screaming the house down. She couldn't hold it any longer, she let out a loud groan as she orgasmed. The bed was soaking wet. I didn't know she could but I had made her squirt for the first time ever!! She just laid there for a minute and couldn't even move. She told me she had never experienced anything like that in her life.