 It has been three years since Jen and I began dating for the first time.

I knew (and still know) for a fact that I would love to spend the rest of my life with this girl...I just haven't told her yet.

The day started like any other, I woke up, took a shower, ate, etc etc.

The only difference was that I had Jen right there with me the whole time...in her house...on her bed. You get the point.

I tend to wake up quite early, so I knew she would still be sound asleep.

Not five minutes later, I was in the kitchen making coffee once again when I felt someone press up against my back and wrap his or her arms around me.

I smiled knowing who it was, but right before I was going to turn around, she put her hands over my eyes.

"No! Don't turn around yet, I have something I want to show you!" She said with lust in her voice

I just laughed and put my hands on the counter, "ok you got me, go for it."

She smiled and ran back to her room.

I snuck into her room with a smirk on my face, but found that she was not there.

"I said don't turn around butthead." I heard from behind me.

I quickly turned to find Jen in high-heeled boots, and that black thong with the red bow on the front that drives me crazy.

She put her hand on her hip, making her exposed breasts jump slightly (making my face turn completely red), "having fun there loverboy?"

I nodded dumbly as my erection grew to its absolute limit.

"Well that's too bad because you are not allowed to fuck me until later, no cumming until you're inside me." She said with a triumphant/horny smile

I laughed and "re-adjusted" myself, "you are so mean, you know that?"

She kissed me softly, and wrapped her arms around my neck before breaking the kiss blushing, "mmhmm but you love it so hush."

I smirked, "make me."

Jen grinned and quickly pulled my face right between her breasts, which took me completely by surprise.

I blushed as my eyes went completely wide, "nope, still not hushed!" I said trying not to reveal how turned on I was.

She looked down at me and gently rubbed the back of my head, "what am I going to do with you?" She asked in a loving tone.

"You're a smart girl, I'm sure you'll think of something." I said right before taking one of her nipples into my mouth and sucking on it, as I brought my hand up and cupped her other breast.

"Baby boy, as much as I love you doing that...there is something I have been dying to do with you..." She said blushing extremely deeply, and biting her bottom lip.

I grinned before standing up again, "and what might that be?"

She looked at her feet, clearly getting embarrassed, "do you trust me?"

I nodded, "with my life."

She shoved me onto her bed so that I was on my back.

"Stay still and close your eyes." She said with heavy breathing 

I did as I was told (like a good boy haha) as she straddled my chest, "I cannot believe I am finally getting to do this. I'm so nervous!" 

"Let yourself go sweetheart, do whatever you like." I said with a smile.

She looked down at me as I opened my eyes and met her gaze after slightly staring at her chest for a while (gimme a break, I was distracted).

I nodded knowing she was still nervous and she straddled my face and began grinding her delicious thong-covered pussy on my mouth/nose.

She pinned my arms above my head and gasped at the pleasure she was receiving.

Before too long, she was moaning extremely loudly and I decided to help her out.

I pushed the thin thong to the side and began licking her like I know she has always wanted.

She grabbed the back of my head and held it tight, as I felt her cum on my tongue.

I smiled as she let out a loud gasp and fell back onto the bed, "naughty girl."

With that, she let out another moan and I licked her dripping pussy clean, "babe, how would you feel about going to the beach today?"

She instantly sat up, "beach? But isn't it like three hours away? Are we going to spend the night somewhere?"

I smiled, "I may have made reservations at a nearby hotel already."

Jen gasped and straddled my lap, "are you serious?!? Please tell me you're serious!"

I held her hands and nodded, "very serious, I already packed for tonight and tomorrow. We can leave whenever you want."

She squealed in delight and quickly raced to put on clothes, "now! Lets go now!"

I laughed, "calm down, calm down. We can go now if you want"

I won't bore you with the long drive to the hotel, but I will say that Jen passed out from a new record of orgasms *cough, cough*.

As we pulled up into the parking lot of the billion-dollar resort, Jen woke up and gasped very loudly.

Luckily I had already parked or I would have swerved off the road, "you scared the absolute shit out of me!"

"Is this where we are staying!?!?!?!?!?!?" She looked at me in disbelief in her eyes.

I squirmed slightly in my seat, "what if I said yes?"

She grabbed my face and gave me the longest kiss of our lives, "thank you." She whispered meaningfully.

I hugged her and smiled, "ready?"

As we both headed inside with the bags, we could not help but look at everything.

Again, I wont bore you with the details of the check-in.

Once we got to the room, Jen almost passed out.

I held her close as we both looked out of the floor to ceiling window, facing the beach.

"Have I told you that I love you?" She asked softly.

I laughed, "once or twice."

She relaxed and held my arms as I kissed her neck, "mmmm is that for me?" She asked as she reached behind her and grabbed my erection through my shorts.

I laughed, "I thought you wanted to wait."

"Oh I do, I just love teasing you." She said as she escaped my grasp and stripped before me.

"I don't think I will ever get used to seeing you naked." I blushed as I changed into my board shorts, and she into her slightly over revealing bikini that kept me on edge.

She smiled and looked back at me as she grabbed a large beach towel, "ready?"

I nodded, and we walked out to the empty beach.

Once we found the perfect spot, and set our towel down, I raced to the water with her quickly following.

After a couple of hours of swimming, we lay together on the towel and smiled to each other, "I don't think I can hold back anymore." She said as she stripped naked right then and there.

The sun had begun to set and I was at a loss for words as I saw her there completely exposed to anyone who was out on the beach (nobody at the time).

"Well? Stop ogling me and fuck my tight little pussy!" She said almost begging.

I slipped off my shorts so that we were both lying there naked and Jen spread her legs wide.

"I don't think I want to fuck you." I said with a smile

"Awe! Why not???? I'm really horny and you're being mean." She said with the cutest pout ever.

I laughed, "I mean that I don't want to fuck you, you are not some slut that gets fucked, you are my soul mate and shall be treated as such. For that reason, I want to make love with you."

This did something I had not expected; it brought tears to her eyes.

I held her close and she just relaxed there with a dopey grin on her blushing face.

I was about to tickle her, when she suddenly straddled my lap and slipped my throbbing erection into her tight-wet entrance with a loud moan.

Jen began immediately bouncing up and down, holding onto my shoulders for support as I bit, licked, and sucked on her wonderful breasts.

Within five minutes, she had had about six orgasms and was building up to a seventh.

I groaned and looked up at her, "I'm gonna cum baby."

She gasped and kept bouncing, "cum for me baby boy, lets cum together!"

In a matter of seconds, we were both holding each other extremely tightly as we both had what was probably the best orgasms of our lives.

I pulled her off of me, bringing a cute pout from her, but was quickly replaced with a smile as I held her close to me.

"Your heart is racing lover boy." She said with a giggle.

"Shocker! I wonder why!" I said smiling.

We both got dressed again and headed back to our room, "now what?" She asked with a pout.

I quickly stripped us both and carried her to the shower, "now...you get two special treats."

She squealed in delight and looked up at me with a large smile.

"Your choices are; tongue, fingers, or cock." I said laughing.

She closed her eyes and thought it over as I stepped into the open shower, "hmmmm...can I get all three because I've been such a good girl?"

I laughed and set her down before turning on the hot water, "I can make an exception."

She smiled and clapped her hands, "I want your fingers first, and then your tongue, and then leave the best for last." She said with a seductive wink.

I then pushed her up against the wall and slid my hand up and down her body, making sure to tease her sides and breasts.

"Mmmmm don't tease meeee." She whined with need.

I laughed and slid my hand down her body, until I was cupping her warm, dripping wet pussy.

"Please." She whispered and pushed my hand further until two fingers were at her entrance.

I smiled and slid them fully into her, as I began pumping them in and out with an increasing pace.

Before too long, I felt her body tense up and I quickly pulled my fingers out.

She gasped and looked at me with utter shock, "I was just about to cum meanie!"

I smirked and spanked her, "that's the point."

She blushed extremely deeply as I lifted her onto my shoulders, with my face facing her pussy.

"Ooo this looks fun." She said looking down at me.

I looked up at her and smiled as I pushed her yet again against the wall, "you have no idea."

I looked back towards her pussy, and began eagerly licking her clit.

Within seconds, I was able to bring her to multiple orgasms.

Afterwards, I set her down and she relaxed from her orgasms, "you know how to please me so well."

I laughed, "Well I've had some time to practice."

"You are just missing one thing..." She said biting her lip.

"And that would be??" I looked at her curiously as she grabbed my erection and began stroking it.

"Mmmm your cock looks so yummy, it's all warm too!" She said with a giggle.

I blushed as she turned her back to me, and bent at the waist, "well what are you waiting for?"

I spanked her again bring a couple moans from her before slipping my erection into her pussy yet again.

We both moaned and thrust against each other as fast as we could.

I though for a moment and reached around in front of her and began rubbing her clit with lightning speed as I continued to thrust into her.

Her knees buckled and she squirted more than I have ever seen.

Seconds later, I was shooting load after load of cum deep into her pussy, then some on her breasts just for fun.

After we both recovered, she scooped some of my cum off of her breast with her finger and sucked on it, "mmmmm yummy!"

I blushed and we washed each other before drying off and heading to the bed.

"Oh crap I forgot to fix my hair, sorry!" She said before racing off to the bathroom again.

I quickly got up and reached into my bag, pulling out a small black ring box.

I heard some shuffling in the bathroom and raced back to the bed as I hid the box under the nearest pillow.

A few minutes later, Jen came back out smiling and she layed down next to me, "fancy as hell hotel, beach, SEX on the beach, all with the best guy I have ever met, could this day get any better?"

I shrugged getting extremely nervous, "well It could but I'm not sure how. Have I told you that I love you?"

She smiled and propped herself on her elbow, "why?"

I looked at her curiously, "why what?"

"Why do you love me?" She asked with a smile.

"There are so many reasons...where do I start?" Well, you have such an amazing personality, you're funny, sweet, kind, you're gorgeous on the inside and out.." I said as she stopped me.

She closed her eyes blushing deeply, "I think I get the point lover boy."

I quietly pulled the ring box out from under the pillow and opened it, revealing a gold, platinum, and diamond engagement ring, "I'm not finished, I also wanted to say that you are my one and only, and that I would love to spend the rest of my life with you."

She laughed, "you are so cheeky, you know th..." She said before opening her eyes and seeing what was in my hand.

"Will you marry me?" I smiled.

She gasped and covered her mouth with her hands, as tears welled up in her eyes.

"Don't leave me hangin' here." I said laughing.

She took her hands away from her mouth, "yes! Oh my god yes!" She said after wrapping her arms tightly around me.

I kissed her cheek and smiled as I took the ring out of the box and slid it on her finger, "perfect fit." She said trying not to cry.

"You're ok sweetheart." I held her close.

"I'm more than ok now, I'm all yours now." She said getting choked up.

We looked up at each other and blushed, "I love you." We said in unison.

*****

Hope you enjoyed, please comment if you would like another part, or a new series. Thanks :)