 He'd been planning it for months - knowing the chance would arise eventually, everything falling into place to allow him to finally meet her, and more...

Last night, his wife had left to stay with her sister while he was away, taking the kids, so there were no emotional goodbyes as he packed his bags and locked the front door of the house. His heart had begun racing the instant he had woken up - he hadn't helped himself by re-reading the e-mails in his Hotmail account over breakfast, cock stiffening a little as her messages reminded him of what she wanted him to do to her. "Soon, baby... soon..." he had whispered to himself.

Showering, he had paid particular attention to his semi-rigid member, soaping the shaft, pulling the foreskin back, feeling it hardening in his hand. Cupping his balls, he had turned his face to the shower head, and let the hot water cascade over him, eyes closed, trying to imagine that it was her hands on him, slipping up and down the shaft, running over the smooth soapy head, teasing the precum out.... Stopping himself, he turned the shower down cold. He wanted every drop of cum in his body to be for her just now - not to be wasted against the walls of the shower.

And now, as the plane began its descent, he went through the plan in his head for about the hundredth time, searching for flaws. No - he just couldn't see how it could go wrong. It would be perfect - neither his wife or his work would ever find out.

He had to come to Houston every now and again for work - the routine was always the same: late afternoon flight from Heathrow arriving in Houston at some godawful hour Sunday evening, his usual suite in the hotel, a late start on Monday (his customers were at least sympathetic about that), before a tedious but necessary meeting all afternoon, and then a drunken night out with the local distributor, usually involving a strip club. More meetings with various clients on Tuesday and Wednesday, then home.

But this time was different. For some reason the usual flights were fully booked, and he'd had to come in early - it was early Saturday morning in Houston, giving him nearly two full days to kill. Although he usually slept quite well in his Business Class seat, the gods had smiled on him and he'd got an upgrade to First Class. He'd slept virtually the whole way and now felt refreshed - heart still racing though. He hoped the stewardness hadn't noticed that he'd woken with a hard-on!

Knowing his arrival time, he'd called the hotel and asked if he could check in early - unusually he raced through immigration, and there weren't even any queues at the car hire booth. By 10:00am he was standing in his hotel suite, unpacking his suits. And then he repacked a small overnight bag, hung a Do Not Disturb sign on the door of his suite, and strolled out to his hire car, still in the parking lot at the front of the hotel. It was about a 5 hour drive to Dallas he reckoned, and as the Mustang got up to speed on Highway 45, he leaned back, smiled, and enjoyed the summer wind in his hair. But with every passing mile his heart picked up just a little more, his cock gave another little twitch in his jeans, and his full balls ached in reminder of how badly he wanted to do this.

He'd picked out the hotel on the Internet - it looked nice enough, styling itself as a romantic retreat but with good facilities, not that he planned much activity outside the suite. He checked in, using his personal credit card rather than his corporate one, and explained that his "wife" would be along in a couple of hours when she'd finished shopping, if they could direct her up to his suite. The receptionist gave a knowing smile.

It was mid-afternoon so he had a couple of hours to kill. After unpacking for the second time that day, he carefully laid out the things he needed for later, and took another shower, washing off the grime of his journey. His semi-erection still persisted, and his balls even looked like they were swollen with his seed - he ached to touch himself, but resisted. Towelling off, he sat down naked on the bed, and flicked through the TV channels. It wasn't long before he began to check out the porn - maybe just a little bit to get him really turned on before she arrived? Couldn't hurt....

Laying on his back, his erection built as he watched one girl licking out another's pussy, while a guy fucked her from behind. Closing his eyes he began to picture himself in the scene, but through sheer force of will resisted the temptation to jerk. Eyes closed on the comfortable bed, the long journey suddenly caught up with him, and he drifted off to sleep....

Slowly he became aware of a soft wet sensation around his groin. Not just his groin, his balls as well. And his cock. "Oh no - don't say I've cum in my sleep" he muttered to himself as he opened his eyes, looking down the bed.

"No, babe, you haven't yet," came a soft Texan accent. It was her! She was kneeling between his outstretched thighs, still fully clothed, planting soft kisses around his balls and on the shaft of his cock. "You're so hard darlin', I think the head of your cock is fit to explode! I'm not having you go off on a hair trigger, so let's just get the first one out the way. How long since you came?"

"Umm.... 2 or 3 days, I don't know. I've been hard for about 20 hours now. God that feels good..."

Slowly she tongued round the head, under the ridge, flicking at the slit where the precum had gathered. Cupping his balls in her soft hands, she began to massage them, feeling them tighten as she began to suck his cock. She took more of him into her mouth - he wasn't huge, just an average 7", but she was tiny - it surprised him that she took all of it, and he could feel the friction of her throat around his cockhead as she did so. She withdrew, dragging her teeth up the shaft a little, but leaving just the head wrapped in her lips. Sucking gently, she used her free hand to stroke the shaft, wet with her saliva, as her other hand teased his balls, and lower, down towards his ass.

"I'm gonna cum quickly, baby," he groaned, conscious of nothing more than the attention she had focussed on his aching cock and balls. Lifting her face, she looked into his eyes and smiled as she carried on her work - not changing the pace of her movements, just letting his orgasm build steadily. His cum started flowing even before the first spasm hit, coating her tongue just before his hips bucked for the first time, sending a thick jet against the back of her throat. Still she just looked at him, squeezing his balls gently in time with the contractions of his cock, enjoying the sensation of his hot sperm running down her throat, and down her chin as it dribbled out around the corners of her mouth.

As his hard-on subsided, she tenderly licked him clean, savouring the taste of his cum. "Welcome to Dallas, honey!"

"Thank you, babe. That was awesome."

"Well, I came in to see you flat out with a hard-on - I could hardly just let it be. Did that porn turn you on that much then?" she drawled, gesturing at the TV in the background.

"Not just the porn, babe. I've been hard for ever thinking about what I'm going to do to you...."

"And what might that be?"

"Wait and see! Just give me a minute to recover here..." They lay on the bed a while as his breathing slowed, watching the porn on the TV. Her head was on his chest, and he began to stroke the back of her neck, behind her ears, massaging her shoulders. Her breath was warm on his chest, and he could sense it quicken as he rubbed her - a combination of anticipation and the sight on the TV of a guy cumming all over a shaved pussy.

Sitting her upright and lifting himself off the bed, he leaned in to kiss her - the first actual kiss they'd had after months of teasing over the internet. Her soft lips were yielding to his tongue, yet firm enough to press back hard against his as their eyes closed, almost in relief as much as passion - relief that the waiting was finally over. Breaking the kiss, he lifted her top over head, exposing her full pale breasts in their lacy bra. Planting a kiss on the slopes of each one, he reached round behind her and deftly unhooked the bra, letting them fall free - the lace just catching on the hardened nipples. Cupping a breast he bit lightly on a nipple, making her gasp. Squeezing the soft globes harder, he began to suck, tonguing the rock hard bud as it was clamped between his lips.

Pushing her back on the bed, he pulled down her tight jeans, revealing her lacy shorts. "Your pussy looks so pretty in those panties. Just like I imagined it...." As she lay there with her arms back over her head, he bent down towards the lace, taking in the musky scent of her excitement. He planted a kiss on her mound, through the lace, and then another at the top of her slit. Taking the fabric between his teeth, he pulled it tight against her, the seam digging into her slit, rubbing against her clit, making her groan and wriggle with pleasure.

Peering closely, he could see how wet they had gotten, the lace now clinging to her every crease. As his tongue began to probe at the slightly rucked up material, he could feel the soft yielding folds beneath, and the heat coming from her hole.

Standing up suddenly, he reached over to the sidetable and took two silk scarves. Grabbing her arms he slid her up the bed, and tied her hands to the headboard, before hooking his fingers into the waist of her panties and peeling them down her legs. She lay before him, flat on her back, pussy exposed and glistening.

"I owe you a quick one," he grinned, before bending down to press the tip of his tongue into her sodden hole. As he sucked her inner lips, he marvelled at how smooth and slick they were, how sweet her juices were on them. Eager for more of her, he pressed a finger against her hole, eliciting a few more drops of her nectar which he hastily lapped. She was moaning now, her hips writhing in pleasure but also frustration - she was desperate for some attention to her clit, and finally he gave in to her, taking it between his fingers and giving a little squeeze.

As he began to tongue the little bud in a steady circular motion her hips began to rock to the same rhythm, encouraging him to keep going. Looking up he could see her eyes closed, face scrunched up as she focussed on her impending orgasm. Her arms stretched out, holding her still, her breasts moving on her chest as her breathing increased and her hips rocked.

"Are you ready to cum for me?"

"Please....."

"OK - I'm going to suck your clit now. Would you like that?"

"Oh fuck yes! Suck it!"

Drawing her clit between his lips, he could feel it throbbing. Her increasing wetness let him know she was on the brink. As he began to suck, he used his tongue to flick at the tip, and also started to run his thumb around the edge of her hole.

Her orgasm hit suddenly - a pause in her breathing and moaning, a stillness of her hips, before a scream and a violent contraction of her pussy. Not just her pussy, her stomach, her legs, her arms, almost trying to curl her body up against the resistance of the silk scarves and the weight of his body across her thighs. Her wetness flooded out of her, drenching his hand, his chin, her thighs, the bed. Her clit was truly throbbing in his lips now as her pleasure peaked, then slowly drained away as he stopped sucking at her clit, and began to lap up the girlcum that coated her pussy.

"You're good," she breathed, "that was amazing...."

"Only the start, babe," he whispered, loosening the scarves and kissing her, sharing her flavour with her. Slowly he rolled her over onto her front, and re-tied the scarves. Drawing her knees up to the sides of her, he could see her pussy and asshole fully exposed, still glistening from her recent orgasm. Taking more silk, he tied it round her kness, fixing her in position. "Do you feel comfortable like that?" he asked.

"Not uncomfortable, just vulnerable, open. Wondering what you're going to do to my holes...."

"I'm going to fill them." Her pussy gave an involuntary contraction as he spoke, in anticipation of the pleasure to come. Slowly, he began to stroke her puffy lips, making sure his fingers were coated in her juice. He brushed her clit, making her twitch - still very sensitive. Her legs drawn up like that made her pussy very tight, as he found when he slipped a finger inside. Almost immediately she pressed back against him, sighing as she did so. Working the finger in and out, she began to relax a little, allowing a second to slide inside. They seemed to naturally fall against her g-spot, making her grip them even tighter, turning her sighs into moans.

Scooping some wetness from her hole, he resisted the temptation to lick it from his fingers, but instead began to wipe it over her tight little asshole. Wet as she was, he realised it wasn't enough, and reached for the little bottle of lube he'd brought. A few drops at the top of her ass crack began to run down; he stopped them as they reached her anus, by pressing a finger against the hole. The lubrication was just enough - his fingertip slipped easily in up to the first knuckle before she clamped down on it.

Keeping his finger still, he felt her relax a little, and he began to make slight circular motions with it, stretching the muscle, but not penetrating further. He withdrew his finger quickly, leaving her pucker momentarily open - long enough to dribble some lube into it with his spare hand. She squealed as she felt the coldness within her tightest hole. His finger now slipped back in freely, all the way, and his cock started to rise again in the knowledge that he was now feeling her most intimate place. He had another surprise for her, and with a finger still lodged in her ass, picked up the glass dildo that he'd hidden in the bed covers. She had a thing for glass, and he knew she had one of her own. This one was a different shape though, covered in swirls, bobbles and ridges, but with a solid smooth ball at the head.

Gently he stroked the bulbous end against her clit, watching it twitch in response, then seeing her hips wriggling, trying to move against it, her lips separating around the head as he drew it away from her clit, towards her hole. Despite her tightness in this position, her pussy seemed hungry for the toy, and the head slipped inside easily - her slickness offering no resistance to the smooth glass. As he pushed it in, she began to groan as each ridge and bobble offered a new sensation to the taut edges of her cunt hole, her breath catching as the round head ran over her g-spot. Slowly but firmly, he began to drive the glass in and out, feeling the ridges with his finger through the thin walls of her pussy and rectum.

Now he started to work his finger in her ass a bit harder, withdrawing and inserting it in time with the dildo, loving the sensation of her tight sphincter giving way to his probing finger each time he pressed back in, the resistance decreasing with each stroke. Her moans were virtually continuous now as she strained against the silk, pushing back hard onto his hand and the glass.

He withdrew the glass from her pussy, droplets of her scent running down the ridges. "Don't stop... please...." she breathed.

"Patience," he replied, pulling his finger out of her as well, and squirting a huge dollop of lube onto her winking anus. Quickly, he placed the head of the glass on her asshole, twirling it in the lube, before pushing it gently into the darkness.

"Oh my god," she sighed, "I... I... Oh my god..." She gave up trying to talk. The lube eased the passage, but he still had to push firmly to get it in. Again every knobble and bobble on the glass shaft seems to make her jump in pleasure, to stretch her hole in a new way. Looking through the end of the glass toy, he relished the sight of the dark pinkness of her rosebud giving way to redness within, and then the darkness of the depths of her ass where the toy now sat.

"Feel full?" he asked.

"You have no idea..."

"How about now?" he said, easing the head of his real life cock into her pussy. He was rewarded with a low growl that seemed to vibrate through her whole body. She was so tight now - it was almost painful to drive his cock home, the head of his cock aware with every further inch that it was sharing her pelvis with another intruder, hard and pressing against it through her thin walls.

With increasing speed he started to thrust into her, but instead of driving the dildo in and out of her ass he began to twist it round, the movement of the ridges enough to stimulate her, and creating the same effect on his own cock within her.

As her groans and sighs grew louder, he increased his pace, knowing that the angle was perfect for his cock head to hit her g-spot as it went in and out, and then started to fuck her ass with the glass. Reaching underneath her, his spare fingers found her clit - drawn to it like magnets. It was swollen hard, begging to be sucked, bitten, anything, but all he had spare was his fingers. As he ran his fingertip over the little bud, she bucked her hips, forcing his cock and the dildo deeper into her. Her hips began to rock uncontrollably, making it hard to keep a steady rhythm going, but she had no say over what her body was doing now.

He too was nearing the precipice - actually fucking her perfect little pussy after all these months of seeing it in photos, actually fucking her ass with a glass dildo that he knew she enjoyed so much, actually feeling her throbbing little clit in his fingers, just as she had described to him so many times; he was in heaven. But he knew what would make him cum - it would be the feeling of her cumming around his shaft, clamping down on him, milking him, squirting her girlcum over his balls, drenching him.

That moment was almost here - she was screaming his name now, panting, pushing back so hard against him, wanting every inch of his cock and the glass to fill her. The orgasm crashed through her body, her cunt spasming, her asshole quivering, her clit throbbing against his fingertips. And there it was - her cum squirting over him, hot and clear.

"Fuck - I'm cumming," he growled as the first jet raced up his shaft and hit her cervix. Her cunt was pulsating around him, drawing the hot semen out of his balls, jet after jet flooding into her. If she wasn't tied in position her body would have collapsed underneath him, and he on top of her, but somehow they stayed coupled together as their orgasms drained the strength from their limbs.

Slowly he pulled the glass from her butt, watching her asshole close in tired satisfaction. His softening dick slipped from her pussy, drops of his cum trickling down her thighs. Untying her, he pulled her to him, and they lay still, panting, totally satisfied in each others arms.

"Well that's the first hour or so taken care of, what are we gonna do for the next 20, sweetness?" she smiled.

"I have no idea, babe. I didn't plan that far ahead..."

She turned the porn back on the TV, and moved her head downwards, kissing his chest as she slid lower. " Don't worry darlin', I'll think of something...."