 Sorry, it's been a little while since I've posted anything. I'm going to continue the Big Girl and Ready Maid Family soon, I have some ideas I've been tossing around for both.

I have some other story lines I'm thinking about, and have parts written for, but nothing ready to post.

I'm getting laid off at the end of May, so I'm planning on taking a couple months off to work around the house and do a little writing. I'll have to see what happens.

In the meantime, I banged this out the other day while I was sitting at my desk. 

* * * * *

It Just Kind Of Happened

Lucy Meets Melanie

Lucy moaned softly as she swam up out of the fog of sleep. She still felt the delicious tingles moving through her body from the delightful things the guy that had picked her up in the bar last night had done to her.

Stretching lazily, she let her hands run slowly up and down over her body, finally coming to rest cupping the full, fluffy mounds of her tits. She squeezed them gently, her thumbs brushing lightly over the spiky buds of her nipples.

Her mind filled with images of how he had taken her, just using her for his own pleasure from the moment they had left the dance floor. She had loved every second of every single thing he had done to her, and she smiled sleepily, arching her breasts up into her hands, opening her legs wider to the delightful sensations still spreading from between them.

'Wait a minute.' She thought to herself. The feelings coming from between her legs felt like...it felt like someone was licking her pussy with lazy, lingering strokes of a very talented tongue. God, she loved this guy. First he had eaten her out in the club right at the table while her friends hid them from the crowd, then he had fucked her for hours when they got back to his place, and now he was...

"Mmmmmmm, that feels so good baby." She purred, lifting her hips and pushing her pussy down at his mouth. "God, if you keep that up, you're gonna make me cum again."

"Good...go ahead and cum in my mouth. I want you to." A soft, distinctly feminine voice answered. "I thought you were close. I was hoping I could make you cum before you woke up..."

"Wha..." Lucy muttered, opening her eyes and raising up on her elbows. 

She glanced over to one side and saw the guy she had met the night before sprawled out beside her, dead to the world as he snored softly. Looking down between her legs, she saw a pretty redhead grinning up at her.

"Relax, just lay back and let me finish...I want you to cum for me...cum in my mouth." The redhead purred as she moved her mouth back down over Lucy's pussy. "I already sucked all his cum out of you, and now I want yours. And you're going to give it to me..."

Lucy wanted to object, but the redhead started lashing her tongue up and down between the cream coated lips of her pussy, then slapped the tender bud of her clit with the tip, making Lucy groan and hump her pussy up at her mouth.

"You win." Lucy mumbled as she let herself drop back down onto the bed. 

Her hands moved down, and she wrapped her fingers in the redhead's soft, silky hair.

"I fout oodd fee ih muh waw." The redhead mumbled into the spit and juice slickened skin of her cunt slit. Spreading Lucy's legs wider apart, she ate her eagerly, lapping up every droplet of juice, her tongue lashing madly up and down between the puffy lips of her pussy, then darting up into the tight clasping hole, her lips pressing into the musky scented flesh and sucking hungrily.

Even with her eyes closed, Lucy could feel them rolling up into her head as she felt the first delicious tremors of an orgasm building. Moaning softly, she writhed under the other girl's oral caresses, letting her do anything she wanted to her.

Moments later, she shuddered, an animal grunt escaping her lips as the girl nipped at her clit with her teeth, then took it between her lips, sucking it, slashing at it with the tip of her tongue. Lucy felt like her head was going to explode as her orgasm surged through her.

Licking, sucking, kissing in a frenzy, the girl guided Lucy through the force of her orgasm, then a second, and a third. When she showed no signs of relenting, Lucy pushed her away gently, shaking her head as she muttered, "Please..." over and over.

"Had enough huh?" the redhead giggled as she crawled slowly up from between her legs and up over her body. She came to a stop propped up on her elbows over Lucy, her face inches from her. "That the first time a girl has gone down on you?" She asked.

Lucy nodded, staring up at her.

"Did you like it?" The redhead asked.

Still staring at her, Lucy nodded again.

"Wanna do it again?"

A giggle escaped Lucy's mouth before she could stop it, and she blushed furiously.

"Yes." She said after a moment. "But not right now...I...I need to rest. You..."

"Yeah, I know. I'm the same way." The redhead laughed, letting her body come to rest on top of Lucy's. "I'm Melanie by the way, what's your name?"

"Lucy." She managed to whisper. The feel of the other girl's body on her own was exciting her more than she would have imagined.

"I'm going to kiss you Lucy, is that okay?" Melanie asked.

"Uh huh...I guess." Lucy whispered.

"Good, I was gonna do it anyway." Melanie laughed as she brought her lips down on Lucy's.

* * * * *

"God, I am starving." Melanie laughed as she scooped up a forkful of eggs and shoveled them into her mouth.

"Me too." Lucy giggled as she mopped up gravy with piece of bread then popped it in her mouth. "Aahhm ahyways hungwee aftaa sess."

"Me too, but you fed me such a delicious appetizer, I may not be able to eat as much as I usually do." Melanie said, grinning broadly. "That's one tasty little Scoobie snack you got between your legs girlfriend."

"I uh...I'm glad you liked it." Lucy giggled, blushing furiously.

"Yeah, you were juicin' somethin' fierce, but I didn't make you squirt." Melanie laughed, winking at her. "Guess that gives me somethin' to shoot for next time, huh?"

"I uh...I guess so." Lucy whispered.

"Yeah, we can wake Miles up by lezzing out all over him, or we could suck his dick together while one if us rubs her pussy all over his face, or..."

"Oh my god! I don't know if I could do that! I mean, I never had sex with guy I just met before...but he ate my pussy right there in the club with my friends standing right there..." Lucy said in a rush. "He...you said his name was Miles? I don't remember if he ever told me. He walked by all the girls I was with and pulled me out onto the dance floor..."

"Fast forward to the he ate your pussy in the club part." Melanie giggled.

"Okay." Lucy giggled back. "We went back to the table my friends were at and he pushed me up against the wall and started kissing me. I usually don't let guys do that, but he was so hot...then he just dropped to his knees and pushed my skirt up and pulled my panties down and stuck his face right between my legs and started licking me!"

"Never stood a chance, did ya?" Melanie laughed. "Don't take this the wrong way, but this isn't the first time I've heard this story."

"So...so you two...do this alot?" Lucy asked.

"Us? Together? God no." Melanie laughed. "Me 'n Miles are just fuck buddies. I rent the basement from him. I was bored, so I came up to see if he wanted to bump uglies, and when I saw you layin' there lookin' all fresh fucked and all...well, I just couldn't resist."

"So you...uh...like girls..."

"Sweetie, I love fuckin' other girls, especially when they got a nice gooey creampie for me like you did." Melanie purred, leaning over the table toward Lucy. "How many loads did he dump in you anyway? That shit was all up in you girl. Good thing I came along and sucked it out, or you'd be preggers fer sure...uh huh..."

"I guess should say thank you...for making sure I didn't get pregnant I mean." Lucy laughed. "But getting woken up like that was nice too."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah...so how many time did he fuck you?" Melanie asked, her voice taking on a serious tone. "It's been a couple months since Miles has brought anyone home. And let me tell ya sweetie, you're a major improvement over the last skinny little bitch he fucked. It's nice to see him coming to his senses and going back to big girls like us."

Lucy blushed at the reference to her size. She was more than a little self conscious about her weight. At five-ten, she weighed a hundred and eighty-five pounds. She wished she was thinner, like most of her friends, but couldn't seem to drop the extra weight.

"I uh..." She began, but Melanie cut her off.

"Uh oh, you think I just said your were fat, don't you?" She asked. Pushing back from the table, she got to her feet and took a step back, letting Lucy look at her. "I'm no ninety pound stick girl either love chunks. The guys may not want to be seen with us, but they love fuckin' us. You know the old sayin', more cushion, less pushin'."

Lucy relaxed as she looked at the other girl, realizing that she was built a lot like she was. Melanie was about the same height, her boobs were a little bigger, she looked to be an E cup, if not bigger. Her tummy was gently rounded, her hips full and wide, but she didn't have any rolls of fat, she was just thick, and well fleshed. Just like Lucy.

"All my last boyfriend wanted to do was have sex, he never wanted to take me anywhere, or hang out with anyone we knew." Lucy sighed.

"Well, I've only known you an hour and that's all I want to do with you." Melanie laughed, sitting back down at the table. "I mean damn, I even offered to share the best dick in town with you...and that's after I made you cum God only knows how many times..."

"Three...you only made me cum three times." Lucy laughed.

"And how many times did that last loser boyfriend make you cum...with his mouth or his dick?" Melanie asked, leaning forward and raising her eyebrows. "Not just at one time, but ever."

"He almost made me cum once..."

"But I made you cum three times right off the bat. And Miles, I bet he made your pussy feel like the center of the universe, the only thing that existed for him while he was munchin' on you. Right there with all your friends watching, he went muff divin' on the fat chick and made you cum like nothin' you ever felt in you life. Tell me that's not true."

"It's true." Lucy said slowly, not sure where Melanie was going with this.

"Then would you please tell me why we're not in that bedroom getting some of that big dick, or down in my room in a sixty-nine eatin' beaver like it's an endangered species?"

"I uh..."

"Let me make it easy for you Lucy." Melanie said as she got up and came around the table. Reaching down, she grabbed Lucy's hand and pulled her to her feet, holding her close. "You got three choices girlfriend. We can go in Miles room and fuck him till he can't get it up anymore...which might take a while. Or you and me can go down to my room and get up close and personal with each other's pussies, or I can give you carfair so you can go home and jill off thinkin' about what you're missin'."

Lucy looked at her, and after a moment, a smile spread across her face.

"Can we do option two...then option one...then maybe option two again before I do option three...while you watch me on my webcam?"

"Mmmmmmm, girlfriend! I think I'm gonna like hangin' around with you..." Melanie laughed as she leaned in, her lips meeting Lucy's as they both opened in a kiss.

* * * * *

Okay, that's all for this offering. I want to see what Lucy and Melanie get up to next...I'm thinking about doing Lucy's hook-up with Miles as a series of flashbacks, or retellings from her point of view. I'm not sure how big a character Miles is going to be yet...I see big things coming up for Lucy and Melanie though...