 FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 37: At The Drive In, Beth Is The Second Feature

While having no idea what the movie had been about, Lynn and I nonetheless could tell it was nearly over. On the screen cops were leading handcuffed bad guys away in the background, while 'the girl' was kissing 'the guy' in the foreground. 

Since it was nearly intermission, meaning the floodlights would be coming on to encourage the audience to visit their snack bar, it was also time to get dressed. Therefore we four got busy checking for buttoned buttons and snapped snaps. Lynn accused me of checking her far more carefully than was necessary, she further advised me her blouse pretty much had all of its buttons in the middle of her chest, not off to the sides where I kept searching.

True to their word, we guys were treated to food. We four lads and ladies had all worked up a hearty appetite, so there weren't any scraps. Since we all had to pee badly by then, off to the Rest Rooms we went. Jim and I joked about the girls wearing us out, but there was an element of truth in my words. After checking our teeth for food and our hair for embarrassing cowlicks, etc., we waited for the girls.

Intentionally we walked back to the car the way four friends might. Unobserved, I got into the back seat to make love with my second 'friend' that night.

As Beth lay in my arms, we actually talked for a while. Soon enough though, I asked if it was OK for me to unbutton her blouse. "I can never seem to get enough of fondling your nipples." I whispered.

Beth loved it of course, she watched me, smiling, as I opened her blouse. Beth slid down in the seat so it wouldn't be obvious, then took off her bra, but slipped her blouse back on in case someone came our way. Seconds later, my fingers were in heaven, her breasts never failed to get my juices flowing. Presently her nipples were poking well out, warm and swollen, the way I liked them.

Beth's hand found its way into my pants before the movie was 15 minutes along. Though we continued to talk a little, petting and kissing gradually pushed conversation aside.

Finally, Beth whispered, "Sugar, I do believe my sister tuckered you out enough that I can get that long, comfortable screwing I wanted. But we need to straighten you out a tad first. Now I've got an idea how to do that."

Beth had me get out of my pants, then kneel away from her on the back seat with my butt in the air. She had a damp soapy paper towel, and a moist clean one in a little plastic bag. Since they felt a shade warm I guessed she picked them up during intermission. First Beth cleaned me from the top of my butt crack to my balls, then her hands then roamed all over, from my back to my thighs. Squeezing my cheeks, she next fondled my balls, or milked my penis like I was a cow.

Her hands were always busy somewhere, doing something. I felt kisses and licks from the top of my butt down to my balls as her lips and tongue joined in the fun. When her hands pried my cheeks apart, then the tip of her tongue began teasing my rectum, my lungs sucked in a gallon of air. Beth slipped a hand around my cock, within seconds I went from semi-erect to "lay down and spread 'em baby". Indeed, as she licked around my crack, I became hard as nails; my penis was jumping in her hand.

In danger of blowing off in her hand, I moved. Swinging around, I had Beth in a 69 before she knew what hit her. I didn't pause to look at her pussy, I was afraid seeing her shaved beaver might also set me off. So speedily my tongue bored into Beth solely to get her wet and ready enough for me to jump in and ride her sweet self.

The moment I knew she was slippery enough, I spun around so I could mount her. We both loosed an "aaahhhhh" as I sank into Beth up to my nuts. Needing to regain my composure, I confined myself to lying on top of Beth and French kissing with her until I was sure I was calm enough to start a slow, steady thrusting into her tight pussy.

Beth still wanted what she'd suggested earlier, so I started with an extremely slow in and out motion. Soon we found a rhythm we could sustain for a long time; a slow, sensuous combination of my thrusting for a while, then Beth rotating her hips while I held myself buried deep within her. We took turns trailing kisses up and down the others neck. For a spell we both stopped; she wrapped her legs around me, simply crushing me against her groin while I drilled her mouth with my tongue. It was an incredible experience.

With no need to rush, I took the time to pay attention to the elements of our lovemaking, what I felt, where those feelings originated. So I studied the differences in warmth and texture my glans felt as I went from the top to the bottom of my stroke. The gentle warm bathing it got when I held still inside Beth's depths while her hips undulated. I tried to count the tiny bumps and ridges that teased my shaft as it wormed within my lovely lover. Sometimes I'd feel like I was gliding through a cloud, other times it was like fighting to push or pull through a fist.

Though I strove to memorize the myriad of sensations I experienced during our coital marathon, I could only hold on to generalities. My body refused to retain my pleasurable feelings for posterity, it insisted that I derive my sexual pleasure from doing, not remembering.

Beth was a fabulous lover, I could easily forget that anything else existed when I was making love with her. When she asked on be on top, I was delighted to switch places. Being able to watch her breasts wobble or reach up to fondle them were among my favorite things. She rode my cock with a dream-like leisure, time drifted by the way it does in a hammock on a perfect Spring day.

Reaching a point where I could come soon, if I let myself go, I asked Beth if she'd be ready to come soon. Beth was also in a holding pattern, her eyes were closed, her thoughts probably on my swelling penis.

"Any time you're ready, I'm ready, Sugar." Beth said with a breathy voice.

For our grand finale, I asked her to face the other way so I could watch her sexy ass rise and fall, knowing that divine view would send me over the edge. No sooner did she turn herself around than I felt the tension inside me mounting. Yeah, it was growing slowly, slowly but surely.

Tingling all over, my entire body was readying itself to inject my seed into sweet Beth's svelte body. For the first time in a while I allowed the sexual sounds coming from the front seat to register, allowed myself to pick up every available triggering signal.

As I slowly grew within Beth, her rhythm gradually built to a speed conducive to her reaching a climax.

Wetting my middle finger in my mouth, I probed Beth's anus. It had the desired effect; she pushed back signaling her desire to be penetrated, she made cries indicating I was pushing her towards a strong climax. As I twirled my fingertip, it began to worm inside her. Beth doubled the speed of her hips, slapping down onto my shaft. My finger slid inside her to the second knuckle. A half dozen sharp intakes of air preceded a loud, long "Ooooooooooohhhhh!" from Beth.

We came close together; I was pumping sperm into her, she was bathing my penis with her fluids. Suddenly we were driving our bodies at each other as warmth flooded our pelvic regions. I was giving her everything I had, she was taking all she could get from me.

Flashes of light seemed to blind me, I lost control of my body as it fought to bury it's penis inside of Beth. I writhed and twisted, euphoria flooded my system. My hands grabbed her hips lest she get away before my body finished emptying its last drop into her marvelous female receptacle. I floated along with the action in a blissful daze.

* * * *

Next thing I recall, Beth was cleaning my hand up. Gradually I became aware that Beth was sucking my penis dry even as she ran a moist paper towel over the surrounding area. By the time I was somewhat with it again, Beth had wormed her way between me and the back of the seat. The moment she'd gotten into place, she slipped my half-deflated penis back inside of her pussy.

"Uuuuuuuummmm, she felt good." We soon had our arms around each other, and resumed our kissing. Beth was a lot of fun to neck with, always. Gotta love her.

When the last movie ended, Beth and I simply covered ourselves with a blanket until we got onto the back roads.

Halfway home I got excited enough to be able to give Beth a really good screwing. Pulling her top leg over me, I was able to pound her against the back of the seat. She was able to come a couple times, but I wasn't.

As we neared home I asked Beth to get on her knees. Mounting her doggy style, I was able to grab her hips and really drive into her body. That special friction I got from a rear entry got me off in no time at all. By reaching under Beth, then playing with her clit, I was able to help her to come with me within a dozen strokes. It was fantastic!

Apparently Beth and Jim had been giving each other hand jobs during most of the drive. Both of them were ready to burst apparently. Just before the last rise prior to seeing their farm Lynn stopped the car in the middle of the road so she and Jim could dive into a 69.

Beth and I had just finished dressing, so we propped ourselves on the top of the front seat to enjoy their live sex show. It wasn't a minute longer before they were coming in each other's mouth. Lynn was on top affording me a fantastic view of her great tush in the moonlight. Yummmm.

While the front seat finished dressing, we agreed what the movies were about in case her folks asked the usual, predictable questions.

When we got in the house only their Dad was still awake. We all said our 'good nights' then headed to bed. I'm pretty sure the girls slept in Beth's room. Thoughts of waking during the night, then seeking out Lynn entered my mind, but the girls had worn me out. For better or worse, I slept through until morning.

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This journey continues with Chapter 38.