 It was 11:30 at night and about 4000 degrees when the plane touched down in Acapulco. We exited onto the tarmac and made our way into the terminal, a single file stream of pasty white tourists herded into a strange building in a strange country.

The airport was packed, hot, and very very Spanish. Lucky for us, the travel company made finding our way to the right shuttle and the right hotel idiot proof. We never would have made it otherwise.

We checked in with ease and hit the sheets in around 1 am. Day 1 of our vacation was in the books, and all things considered it was a success.

I felt Lilly stir when the sun was just beginning to cast its rays around our room. I was on my back, balancing ever so precariously on the edge of sleep, but just slightly closer to consciousness. She moved beside me and slid her hand down my pyjama pants and grabbed my still sleeping cock. 

I woke up entirely.

Lilly pulled on my manhood and it stiffened dutifully. She had magic hands, among other things.

I helped her as any gentleman would by lowering my pyjamas for her. It was the least I could do, really. As my cock reached its full height, Lilly moved herself down my body, and slipped her warm lips over the head. 

I sucked in a quick breath, then she took more of me into her mouth and began sucking my aching cock. She grabbed what she couldn't fit in her mouth with her hand and jerked my shaft while she moved her hot slick lips over my throbbing head. She sucked and bobbed with such enthusiasm, I was racing to the edge of my release like it was an Olympic sprint.

"I'm gonna cum, baby," I hissed. She pulled her mouth off my cock and moved her hand up to take over working the head. 

I let off like a juice box under a rolling pin, covering my belly and her hand in warm, thick cum. She kept working her hand over my sensitive rim, using my cum like lube and extending my orgasm a few more moments.

I couldn't believe it when she put my cum covered cock back in her mouth and started working me again. In our 10 years together, and countless amazing blowjobs, Lilly had never done that before, and it was phenomenal.

I knew she wanted me to cum again, but I also knew I couldn't do it. I wasn't going to stop her from trying though. She was keeping me hard and I enjoyed every second of it.

After a few blissful moments, Lilly let go of me, and slipped her pyjama bottoms off. She smiled a wicked grin at me as she straddled me, then worked my still hard cock into her. She lowered herself onto me slowly at first, taking a little more of me into her with each stroke. 

Her wetness coated me a little more as she worked me deeper into her, and with a beautiful sigh, she took the last of my length into her.

"You don't mind, do you?" She asked as she began moving her hips up and down.

"Not at all," I said, grabbing her ass and squeezing. 

She smiled again and then surrendered to herself to her hungry pussy's need for release. She didn't have to wait long. Grinding her pussy against the base of my shaft, she came with a delicious cry, pushing herself down on me and taking in as much of me as she could get.

She clenched her knees against my sides and held me inside her as her orgasm receded. Her body shook with the force of it. I knew if I moved even a little, she would have to get off me or lose control completely. 

I waited for her to come back.

Still inside her, I whispered in her ear, "Do you have another one in there?"

She moved her hips against my shaft again, testing herself. "I think so," she said.

"Go get it, baby. Cum for me again."

She let out a deep sigh and started grinding her clit against me again. Harder and harder she pushed, each stroke more urgent than the last. 

I reached under her shirt and squeezed one of her nipples hard, mixing a little pain in with her growing pleasure.

She came again a few moments later, her hips twitching against me in erratic motions as her body moved with her orgasm. When she couldn't stand the motions any longer, her knees clamped against me a second time and her body convulsed on my erection.

"I can't breathe," she said, and she flopped onto her side, gasping. 

We laid together panting for a few beautiful moments. The sun had gained some strength and shone into our room with more conviction now, the curtains doing their best to contain it.

"Well good morning, beautiful," I said with a big dopey after sex grin.

"Good morning," she smiled back. "I hope I didn't ruin your sleep."

"I'll forgive you this time," I said. "But I certainly hope this becomes a habit."