 Amy had to remind herself that not all the men in the world were jerks. She just found the one impossibly stubborn mule. Sometimes when Amy broke up with someone or vice versa, there would be questions left unanswered, what ifs that she wished she would have considered before the end. Amy found that if she took the time to assess herself and what went wrong, she would have a higher probability of not repeating the same mistake.

Her most recent breakup was different from the rest. She considered every option before ending it so that there would be no unanswered questions, no what ifs.

When she met James, he seemed compatible enough with her and together they worked flawlessly despite some short comings. James had a knack for making her laugh. Humor was an integral part of her attraction to any guy. However, he wasn't too talkative. She was the type of girl who loved to talk, but not to herself. James wasn't the single word reply kind of guy, he was just a man of few words. He didn't circumvent his talking points, he was simply terse. In addition, James intrigued her with his philosophical musings.

At first the intimacy between them were undeniable sparks because intellectually James pushed her buttons and physically he took his time. Then as James became more and more comfortable in their relationship, he stopped trying. Amy began to wonder why their dynamic had changed. She often tried to get James to open up about their relationship but he always shrugged it off without a definite answer. In retrospect, Amy realized it was his way of trying to make things work, maybe. She needed answers, but perhaps for him there were no questions.

After three years given all the good and the bad, Amy realized that James wasn't willing and ready to make the compromises needed to further their relationships. He had no intentions of bettering his station in life, happy to live with his aging grandmother, working a five hours a day four days a week job that only paid nine dollars and hour. He didn't want to find a better more stable job because then he would have to give up his weed habit. Amy had no qualms with weed. She understood that it can help a plethora of people with many problems. She understood his given reason for using it but over the years, in her eyes, it became more and more recreational. James, perhaps he was truly plagued by anxiety, always was unwilling to accompany Amy to social gatherings of any kind, especially work related functions that required a professional or formal dress code. Then there were the never ending cultural clashes that Amy thought they could work through. She tried her best to patiently and thoroughly explain her cultural beliefs and customs to him. She tried to draw comparisons to his own, but he would refute her and repeatedly dismiss her beliefs as primitive, third world, ridiculous, and downright stupid. Amy didn't agree with his conclusions. She understood that although her Chinese beliefs and customs differ from his own white American beliefs and customs, they were and are still true for her and her family.

It was stressful and hurtful, more often than not, but she was willing to endure it. She was his first interracial, intercultural relationship. She had prior experience, but he needed time and practice. Amy would give him the time he needed to come around until James completely stopped the intimacy. She would give and he would take. His interest only held for as long as he was in the receiving end. Amy was left out. That's when her unhappiness sank in. Perhaps she would be wrong but given everything, Amy needed out.

So she got out.

...

It started as meaningless bantering between two complete strangers over the Internet.

Amy decided that to pass time and quite honestly to deal with pent up aggressions she would join an adult chatroom. It gave her the security of being in her own home and a sense of anonymity. Not having to actually meet someone face to face was a bonus. Besides, a naughty chat was fun and the best noncommittal option. It was near impossible to be let down or vice versa. She knew what she was doing when she logged onto the chat.

Amy was rusty from online chatting. She had previous experience back in her college days but those days were behind her. Thirty minutes after logging on and lurking, no one had pm'ed her yet. It was reassuring. It was quite. She had time to settle into her computer chair.

His pm was a simple. Hello.

She wrote back Hello. She wondered if she should give her info right away, but decided to wait until prompt.

After a minute or so he wrote How are you?

She replied I'm good and you? She couldn't bring herself to use u instead of spelling it out.

He hadn't replied yet when another pm flashed on her screen hi.

Amy replied to the new pm as well. Hi.

Her first pm had written back as she clicked over to check if he had replied. Do you come here a lot?

She didn't even think of lying as she responded I used to, but I've just returned recently.

Her other pm also wrote her. a/s/l? There it was, the old age, sex, location question. Getting down to business.

Instead of replying right away she clicked over and read what brings you back?

She found herself typing I'm recently single. It was a simple answer that carried a lot of meaning.

She returned and answered the a/s/l question. 30/f/ca

The stranger on the other side of pm #1 wrote I'm sorry about the breakup.

She replied Don't be, it was for the better.

He wrote so what are you looking for?

Chatting or RP was her answer.

I hate RP, he wrote back, it's so fake. 

She agreed that it was and wrote true but I like it. No worries.

It was true. She did like it, but she wasn't looking forward to the usual roles that would come up.

She knew that everyone had their own vices. She had her own. She experience her own share of the usual parings she used to see around the adult chats: teacher/student, naughty neighbors, dads and their own daughters, brother/sister, and mother/son (all of which she always felt a bit uneasy). Other people enjoyed telling one another what to do and knowing their reaction. Some people liked watching each other, a digital version of mutual masturbation. Others like watching or being watched, a one way deal. There was even a niche for people who liked to listen and talk to each other for the time it takes to, well to cum.

When she was younger she would have been up for a more show and tell connection, but now she had other priorities in life and needed her privacy.

 What do you look like?

5'1" with brown eyes and brown hair mid back in length. Asian, 38C. You?

 Sexy. Brown hair and eyes 5'8" white lol

 lol

 Cute.

At this point no one else pm'ed her so she brought back her Word document from the background. Now that she was single again she could spend more time working on her novel that she started years ago in college. While she was in a relationship with James, she could not work on the novel while he was around. He would constantly violate her one rule: don't red over my shoulder unless I ask you to. He always had feedback for her, less constructive than useless.

She checked back in the chatroom tab.

He asked her so what are up to?

She wrote back I'm actually multitasking and working on my novel.

So why are you chatting on here?

It keeps my mind flowing.

And your juices flowing ;)

She typed lol because she was really laughing out loud. She hadn't considered if it would kept her juices flowing. She had no juices at the time.

She wrote I wasn't aware of any juices flowing.

Right on beat he wrote No one's given you a good reason to yet?

Perhaps. Or perhaps my buttons are just hidden well.

 I will just have to find your buttons and push them.

You're welcome to try.

:D

While they chatted briefly about her recent breakup other guys continued to pm'ed her. She would answer some and start a small conversation. Some others she was totally unaware of them accidentally ignoring them. She gave a whole lot more rainchecks? Just in case she ever wanted to chat or role play with them. A girl's got to keep her options open.

Her experiences with adult chat sites always made her feel like a fish food flakes in a pond of hungry fishes. The fishes were not to blame.

More and more pm's came in the longer she stayed logged into the chat. The prospects were all a good selection, yet she felt more drawn to the one guy who had not jumped into sexual gratification. He was satisfied pushing her buttons.

She asked do you have yahoo? I'm getting bombarded here.

He wrote back yea I do. what's your id?

They exchanged ids and she was glad to shut the chartroom tab down. She wondered briefly if he still had his opened, but it wasn't a deal breaker.

He was the first to continue he conversation. Too many dicks poling you in there?

She laughed. She though, way too many, but it was expected. She wrote Yes. I only need one.

Again not missing a beat he wrote back to push your buttons?

She agreed. yes to push my buttons.

What happens when they've been pushed enough, if you don't mind me asking.

She wondered for a split second if she should be blunt with her answer. Something was telling her that he had a general idea about what would happen. She needed to trust her instinct. So her answer was my imagination runs away and chaos in sues.

He replied Oh no! That's not good. Chaos isn't good.

Lol she responded no chaos isn't good but I'll just have to reign in my imagination. 

And how do you go about doing that? 

A lot of rigorous activity. 

Like running? 

Haha, yes like running. I'll run a mile or so. 

Do you need me to let you go and run your mile? 

No, my imagination's still in check. 

:( guess I have more buttons to push. 

You can say that. 

How about a hint? 

Not knowing is half the fun. 

Knowing is double the fun. ;) 

Lol. Perhaps. 

Not knowing was definitely fun for her. She hoped he felt the same way, but she doubted it.

I guess I have to push your buttons harder. He told her.

You're doing just fine with my buttons. To be honest, I am enjoying our banter quite much. 

I am enjoying it myself. 

:)

I am actually enjoying it a little more than you might be. 

Oh? How so? 

There's some activity. 

Are you getting ready to run a mile? 

I'm starting on a slow walk. 

She smiled to herself. Shall I join you? 

If you like. 

She wasn't used to this sort of bantering but it has its charm and temptation. She reached down between her legs and surprisingly found her panties wet. She hadn't been aware that he had found so many of her buttons.

She was almost a creature of habit. She thoroughly enjoyed a fully detailed adult role play, but most of the time she would only be barely turned on while her unseen partner was beyond turned on. Nothing was one hundred percent but most of her role play partners praised her for a level of eroticism not easily found.

Now, she found herself incredibly aroused by a complete stranger in a new way.

I think I'm close to taking a run myself she confessed.

Oh really? 

She was going to type in yes, but stopped when she saw the message displaying that he was typing.

Are you touching yourself? 

Yes.  Her cheeks flushed even though he wouldn't see.

And are you... 

She thought it was cute he didn't finish the question.

Yes, I am. 

She addedI'm very wet. Pardon my bluntness. 

No pardons needed.  He told her. I'm glad you're turned on. I am too. 

Are you touching yourself? 

For a while now, I've been sitting here touching myself. 

Knowing that made her more aroused and braver. My finger is drenched. 

Mmmmmmm that's hot. 

It was hotter knowing he found it hot. She began rubbing her clit to the stranger who pushed her buttons.

Are you just rubbing or are you fingering too? 

Just rubbing right now.  She leaned forward a little. It added a nice bit of pressure and she liked it. She wondered if he was sitting there running his fingers down himself? If he was erect? If he was erect, was he throbbing? She liked to know if he was throbbing.

Would you like me to finger myself? 

Yes he wrote back immediately and think of me. 

She lowered her finger until it entered passed her hot, dripping lips. It felt good. She thought about her finger being his hot, hard, throbbing member. She pushed her finger in deeper and more frequently.

You there still? 

Yes she replied. Sorry I got lost fingering myself. 

That's okay baby. How are you feeling? 

Good.  And she wasn't lying.

I want you to rub your clit too. 

Her eyes widened. If I do that I won't be able to reply. 

It's okay. I want you to enjoy yourself. 

She had nothing to lose. She could just sit there for a while and type nonsense telling him she came. There was no way he would know, right? Except she sat back in her computer chair and did exactly what he wanted. It was crazy, crazy excited. She opened her eyes which she closed briefly to allow herself to enjoy the sensations coursing through her body.

That's it baby. I want you to rub your beautiful clit fast and finger yourself ok. 

Now finger faster. 

She found herself following his wishes. She picked up the pace of her rubbing. Soft quiet moans escaped her lips. She increased the frequency of her penetration. Now she was whimpering as her body began to jerk. Her clit becoming rigid.

That's it. Don't stop. 

Keep doing it. 

Harder. 

Her legs parted naturally on their own. She leaned back into her chair more. Her hands busy as she read his words over and over. She focused on don't stop and harder.

Yes baby don't stop until you cum. 

I want you to cum for me. 

And she was going to unless she stopped but why would she stop now? This total random stranger, who she knew by a given name, had done something to her mentally. And although he wasn't forcing her to inflict primal pleasure on herself, he was somehow still responsible (that's how she was rationalizing it) for the building lust inside her. She didn't dare to stop, not until she came. Not until she came for him.

That one thought swirled wildly around in her head. She wouldn't try to understand the psychology of it right now, or perhaps ever. Her mind was being too active. It needed to surrender to her body. She glanced over at the computer screen and reread his words: Keep doing it. Don't stop. Don't stop baby until you cum. Cum for me.  It was enough to set her off as her last thrust and rub sent a chaotic signal to her body. She ceased up jerking in her chair. She gasped hard but not because she couldn't breathe. The computer chair creaked from her movements. Her toes nearly curled. Her juices gushed out of her onto her hand and all over her panties, all over her seat.

She counted five seconds before she could even remove her fingers from her drenched thighs. She reached for a paper towel and wiped her fingers. Then she pumped a handful of hand sanitizer and washed her hands. She dried them before typing OH MY GOD!! I came so hard. 

He wrote back Mmmmmm good. 

She confessed I'm still shaking but now I want you to come for me, okay? 

Ok. :) 

It was her time to push his buttons.

I want you to cup your balls and grip your cock firmly. 

Stroke it for me baby. 

Squeeze the head as you stroke up. 

Faster now. 

She had no idea if he was following her instructions or not, but she hoped he was.

Oh I'm soooo close.  He typed slowly.

Mmmmm.  She told him. I bet you look hot as hell. Stroke harder. 

Two seconds pass before a long line of OH's come across the im window.

Yea, baby that's it. Cum for me. Give it to me. I want you to shoot your hot load all of me. 

A long quiet moment passes without any communication. She could only begin to imagine that he sat in his chair panting as he stroked himself. She hoped her words gave him the extra push he needed to release. She imagined a thick, hot, creamy white stream jetting from him. Once. A shutter rippling through his body. Twice. Another ripple. Three times. Utterly exhausted.

Fuck! 

She laughed. Fuck indeed. Did you cum?  She had to ask.

Yes. Hard. 

Me too. It was the first time I ever lean back into my chair and fingered myself like that. 

I wished I could've seen it. I bet you looked super sexy. 

She blushed so she chose that particular emoticon followed by I usually only rub my clit. 

Still I would have loved to see it. 

And she blushed again. I would have like to see you cum.  She told him. 

I am always willing to let you watch. 

:)

That was still very hot. 

Well, thank you. 

Thank you. 

:)

I hate to run, but it's pretty late here and I have to clean up. 

No worries. I have to get going myself and clean up as well. 

I hope to see you again. 

Me too. 

They both signed off. She didn't want to be left staring at the chat window when he logged off so she logged off as soon as she could too. She finally swung her chair to the right and stood up. She sighed thinking to herself. You're going to have to clean your computer chair now. She giggled as she changed out of her soiled clothes and into clean clothes. It probably wouldn't happen again, but she hoped it would.

Amy went to bed with a smile.

*****

I know that there are parts where the punctuation is missing. It's purposely done that way. As always, I welcome comments. Please rate. Stay tune for part 2.