 I knew I would marry my wife the first time I laid eyes on her and have been completely faithful for the 7 ½ years we have been together. She is a very beautiful woman of 5 foot 2 and about 113 lbs. She is of Cajun descent and has the softest olive colored skin you could imagine. In addition to her creamy skin and sexy brown curls, she is gifted with a very ample and natural set of 34DD breasts that are the objects of my desire and constantly on my mind -- not too mention frequently in my hands. And let's not forget about the rest of her body, which is just as striking as what I have already detailed. Simply put, wife's pussy is amazing. She tastes good (more on that later), she's clean, trim and tight. The thought of her is getting me hotter and hotter as I write.

We had been having some problems lately, nothing serious, just normal marital issues and it had been a few days since we had been intimate. We typically have sex two or three times a week and on this night I was feeling increasingly horny. We were lying on separate couches watching TV. I was on the couch to her left and somewhat out of her line of site. Little did she know I was watching her. Watching her breasts rise and fall with each breath. Imagining them in my mouth and in my hands, squeezing them and sucking on her erect nipples. I was imagining her moaning and running her fingers through my hair as I licked her moist pussy. Thinking of her sucking my cock. I was just waiting for the right moment to make my move.

After a good while playing this game of fantasy and imagination with myself, I slowly crawled over to where she was laying and from my knees began slowly and gently kissing her on her full lips. Nice, gentle kisses, but very sexual, sensual and intentional kisses -- she immediately responded and I could tell that this was going to be special.

We stayed on that couch for several minutes just kissing. I was intentionally avoiding touching her on any of her sensitive areas and instead rubbed outside of her clothing and around her breasts and pussy - just caressing her neck, legs, thighs, belly and arms. I could feel her growing more and more excited as the moments went by. Then she suggested that we move to the bigger couch -- I agreed.

We moved to the larger sofa, both still fully dressed and began kissing more, all the while getting more and more heated. I was still avoiding her breasts and pussy on purpose which was getting increasingly difficult, as I was hard as a rock and wanted to bury my dick deep inside her.

Finally, she couldn't take it anymore. She wanted out of her clothing, so she removed her top, which always gets me excited. Just seeing her beautiful breasts in her bra gets me hard. And as she undid the snaps releasing her tits I thought I would explode right there in my pants. 

As I knelt down and began kissing her some more, intentionally kissing around her hardening silver dollar sized nipples and only massaging the sides of her breasts, I could tell she was getting hotter by the second. She was moving sexually and seemingly attempting to get me to touch her more sensitive areas, but I did not. I wanted the passion and excitement to build. I wanted her pussy wet and I wanted her to know it. 

After some extended time kissing and massaging her breasts and inner thighs she asked if she should take off her pants -- I agreed, but only the pants, not her panties. Earlier that day I had been thinking about rubbing her pussy through her panties -- sometimes dreams do come true -- and on this night they did.

Once her pants were off, I continued kissing her all over, again avoiding her more sensitive areas, and began to rub her sweet pussy through her grey thong. Her box was so hot, I could feel the heat well outside her panties and I could smell her - that familiar and beautiful scent that I love so much. I kissed around her pussy. I kissed her pussy through her panties, while I squeezed her breasts and gently tweaked her nipples. She was breathing rather heavily by this point and her body was feeling and looking more beautiful than ever.

After this prolonged and highly sensual period of playing with each other my dick was so hard it was hurting. Finally she suggested that I take off my pants, so I stood up right in front of where her head was on the couch and took off my shorts, boxers and all. My stiff cock sprung into view and I saw her take in the sites. 

Now that I was accessible, she motioned for me to come closer, which I did. She grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and guided me down with the other. Bringing the head of my penis into her mouth she sucked softly and slowly. The sensation was incredible. Little by little she took more and more of me into her mouth until she had all of me. This was wonderful. She then began guiding me slowly in and out of her mouth with perfect tension and moisture. As she took my inches in and out of her mouth I felt her soft hands caressing my back, ass and thighs.

At one point I looked down as I had exited her mouth temporarily, only to see her open wide and take me all the way back in. This was such a turn on to me. To see her eagerly opening wide to please me. Sucking my big hard cock like never before.

I always love to please my wife and after the incredible blow job I had just received made me very eager to eat her pussy. As I pulled out of her mouth, I was standing over her, still very hard and horny -- just taking in her beauty and thinking how lucky I am to be there nude, in love and experiencing her beautiful ripe body.

I knealt down and started kissing her breasts again, now paying full attention to her nipples; squeezing one, while sucking the other. God is she hot. I worked my way down to her love box and kissed slowly all the way around her belly and thighs as I rubbed her swollen clit with my thumb.

I couldn't take it any more. I had to taste her sweet juices. I moved in slowly, as not to be too aggressive. First one lick and then one more slow and meaningful lick. I began to slowly lap at her beautiful pussy, continuing to rub her clit with her own juices. She was so hot and wet, I thought I would come just going down on her. 

As I ate my lover I was massaging her breasts as she heaved in ecstasy. She was grinding her pussy up and into my face, reaching out for my tongue as I sucked on her swollen clit. I went slowly at first but her enthusiasm naturally increased my licking, sucking and squeezing. As the pace became more feverish, I was circling her incredibly hard nipples with my fingers in the same motion I was circling her clit with my tongue. It was at this point that she started moaning and writhing the way she does when she's about to come. Then she let out her telltale "I'm gonna cum, I'm coming, I'm coming" and then she came -- orgasming so hard in my mouth s her body was quivering and she became paralyzed in sexual content.

I let her recover for a minute or two, gently touching her here and there. Then I moved up and kissed her deeply -- her sweet juices still on my lips and mouth. We kissed passionately for a few minutes while she stroked my cock until she began to massage her clit and slit with the head of my dick. At that point I could take no more. I slowly entered her tight, soaking wet pussy and she moaned pleasurably and I began making love to her; slowly at first with every long stroke bringing me closer to orgasm. 

I knew it would not be long but I held back, watching her breasts bounce as I slid in and out of her beautiful pussy. Burying my cock deep in her love hole, stroke after stroke. Squeezing her tits. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper I fucked my gorgeous wife. I felt my load about to go while I watched her breasts motioning over and over with each deep stroke - and that was it -- I filled her pussy with my love juice and collapsed in her arms, kissed her sweet mouth and enjoyed the moment still buried deep in side her.