 "So, what do you want to do with my man?" she said with a sincere smile.

Well, Claire said, "The fantasy starts off, actually, with a friend of mine, Patricia, coming over on a prearranged rendezvous. Patricia is a co-worker of mine who is very attractive and a lesbian. She lost her virginity to a boy in high school when she was seventeen. After having sex with him a couple of times, the son of a bitch told everyone in high school intimate details and lies about her. Not only did the kid act like an ass, but apparently he was inexperienced and had nothing to offer her sexually. Pat didn't enjoy any of it."

CLAIRE -

My fantasy starts with the two of us talking over lunch; about a book we had both read called The Story of 'O'. The conversation turns to, of all things, masturbation. Pat isn't involved with anyone now and so she says she masturbates a lot of the time. She tells me that she has this collection of toys at home that includes a couple of interesting ones that she got on a trip to the Orient last summer. Interested, I asked if I could see them, so we plan for her to come over and show them to me.

When Pat arrives at the door (Andy's not there) she has a large black bag with a shoulder strap. Before I even get a chance to fix us drinks, Pat has the bag open and the contents are strewn about on the living room floor. Among the standard dildos, vibrators and strap-ons are a few other curious items. One is jar of ointment that smells far too much like Tiger Balm for me, and another is a series of little, padded paddles all connected by their handles. Pat shows me that when you hit you skin with them, the effect is like someone drumming their fingers on you but stronger. 'You hit them on your clit,' she tells me and then she shows me through her jeans. The thought excites me and eventually, I ask if I could try it. I hesitantly get up, slip my pants off and remove my panties. Then I sit back on the couch and take the toy. I begin strumming while Pat grabs a long bumpy thing and sits across from me. The feeling is not earth shattering at first but the light thumping of the paddles starts to feel really good after a while.

After about five or ten minutes, we hear the front door open. It's Todd. He says "Hello, anyone home? It's me, Todd." Pat looks at me nervous but as I am just reaching my orgasm, I don't want to stop so she continues also, sliding the long slender thing in and out of her pussy.

A second later, Todd walks into our living room and finds the two of us. He's shaken at the sight but when he sees that we are aware of his presence and we are still going, his shock turns to arousal. Todd walks over to us and I wait to make the introductions because Pat is now in the throes of a climax herself. After a few minutes, Todd starts to visibly show a hard-on through his loose pants and I invite him to sit down while Pat shows me the rest of her toys. Still naked from the waist down, Pat and I rummage through the items. Patricia describes them to me and occasionally we try them out. Todd gets fully aroused now and asks if he can join our fun. Pat looks a bit nervous but when Todd undoes his pants and pulls out his huge cock, Pat just stares in amazement. I take another toy, which looks like a soft, rubber fist and switch it on. It begins to extend in different directions while vibrating and I begin to rub it on myself, even trying to insert it in my pussy.

I start to drift off into my own world again but after a minute, I realize that this toy is not going to make me cum so I stop. When I look up, I am amazed at what I see. Pat, probably having never seen a penis larger than five inches, is kneeling in front of Todd and struggling to take the top half of his dick into her mouth. She's obviously pretty new to this so I tell her to let me show her how to do it. I have Todd stand up in front of me while I sit in my chair and work on him. Pat watches me like a little kid. Then she goes behind Todd and begins to lick his ass while I work on his dick. Because Todd is so tall, he leans over me and rests his hands on the arms of the chair. Patricia spreads his cheeks and begins to give Todd a rim job. At last, it's something she's done before. As Todd gets closer to orgasm, his hips begin to thrust and his dick becomes like steel.

Then I stop. "It's your turn," I tell Pat and with that, I quickly move out of the way so she can slide in. I watch as Todd's nearly seven-foot frame makes Patricia seem almost petite in comparison. She sits in my chair and eagerly puts the head of his dick back in her mouth. I watch as Todd's muscular body leans over the chair and over Patricia. His ass muscles squeeze and relax as he carefully fucks Patricia's face.

Then I get an idea and take something from the floor. A minute later, I start to lick Todd's ass, which is nearly as high as my belly. He slows his thrusts as he relaxes his muscles, allowing my face and tongue to part his cheeks. I nudge his feet with mine to tell him to spread his legs a bit, opening him up even wider for me. I stand and then line up the dildo of my strap-on with his puckered anus. I begin to slowly push. As the rubber penis begins to slide in, Todd tightens up. With Patricia still giving him head, however, he soon relaxes and I push it all the way in.

Slowly at first I begin to pump in and out of his giant frame with my fake dick. My breasts sway to the movement as I grab hold of his muscled hips. I feel totally in control, moving his body into me with my arms and fucking him for all I'm worth. Patricia glances around his hips to see what the movement is all about and finds out why Todd's still very long member is getting softer now. When she sees me fucking him in the ass, she smiles with delight and goes back to eating him.

I'm fucking Todd's ass faster now, pulling the dildo almost all the way out and then rushing it back in place, over and over. Just as my muscles start getting tired, Todd begins to moan and I know he's going to cum soon. I unhook the dildo from the harness while it's still inside of his ass and with my hands, start fucking him even faster than before. With a shudder and a cry, Todd finally starts to cum so I hold the rubber dick in him with my hand and peer around to look. Patricia has her face right up to Todd's body with his whole dick inside and his hairy balls pressed against her chin. Todd's face looks like he's in pain as he empties himself into her with spasm after spasm. When he is finished, I expect to see Pat release a much shrunken member from her mouth but as Todd pulls out, I see that his somewhat softer penis is still over eight inches long. It must have been all the way down Patricia's throat when he came.

Later on, I applaud Pat for an incredible show. "For your first time," I say to her, "you handled it like a pro, Pat."

"Thanks but I still don't know what cum tastes like," she says with a smile.

Claire looked cautiously at Todd, waiting to see a look of revulsion at being the one who got fucked in her fantasy. Instead, she saw a smile on his face. Of course Claire couldn't see Keisha's expression because Keisha's head is under the blanket and slowly moving up and down on Todd's lap.

Andy squeezed Claire's shoulders and she looked at him. Looking down, she notices a large bulge running down his left pant leg and straining to stand up. "God! Did that ever turn me on. Maybe you'd like to make that fantasy become a reality, with ME, sometime," he whispered.

Claire looked to Chris and Cathy. Cathy has her head back and her eyes closed. Her pants are undone and slid down a bit under the pillow. Chris's hand was still moving under the pillow and his other hand was now working on his own bulging pants. 'Jesus Christ,' Claire thought, 'I love having unrepressed friends.' Out loud she said, "I guess you get the last one, Todd."

Slowly, Keisha's head came out of the blanket and Todd's tent pole was again holding up the blanket on its own. She kissed Todd on the cheek and whispered to him, 'I better let you think now, honey.'

After a sigh and a smile, Todd said, "Okay, here it goes." 

To Be Continued...