 Athens in August was just as hot as Felix's home back in California had been in May. He'd done his research on the climate and weather before his trip, and was rather surprised that his relatively small hometown of Fresno could share a climate with a place like this. At least Athens had a coastline to visit and cool down at. Fresno was land-locked, surrounded by miles of farmland and mountains on two sides. Plus, the fact that Athens was such an ancient, historically significant place made the heat not quite so problematic for Felix, as he enjoyed being in a place so interesting.

Of course, there was also the fact that there was a beautiful woman in the bed of his hotel room. Felix looked back at her from where he stood at the window, bare naked and enjoying the cool evening breeze. Cassandra lay entangled in the sheets that had been soaked with sweat and her female fluids since the night before. The cleaning ladies had come by to take them to wash, but she'd sent them away. "I like the smell," she'd answered when Felix asked why. "And besides, they'll be back later. Don't worry so much over it."

Cassandra had been laying on her stomach, but rolled over onto her back, absentmindedly wiping the semen off of her rear end and onto the sheets. Felix laughed. "Well now we have to get them washed, I'm not sleeping on stiff sheets tonight."

"You imply that you'll be sleeping, lover," she shot back. Her short chestnut hair, soaked with sweat, wrapped around the soft curves of her face, the natural curls temporarily broken by their recently ended tryst.

"And you imply that I'll be here tonight," Felix said with a sigh, turning back to face the sea, arms folded on the windowsill as he leaned forward. "Tomorrow is our last day at the dig site, I've got to meet up with the others and get our stuff organized, and the day after that..."

He trailed off, leading Cassandra to stand and cross the room, wrapping her slender arms around his midsection. "The day after that, you leave me," she finished, pressing her body against his. "I know this. I'm saddened to see you leave too. But..." she began to slowly slide a hand down to his exposed, slackened member. "We still have an hour until you have to leave, and you'll be gone what, three hours? We still have plenty of time."

Felix smiled, straightening his back. Straightened out, Cassandra was still about his height, maybe an inch shorter. "Remember the day we met?" he asked as she nuzzled against his neck and began to handle his growing penis with delicate hands.

"At the football match?" she asked, rubbing his stomach lightly with her free hand. "Yes, I remember. You nearly got your ass kicked for calling it 'soccer' by those drunk assholes." She laughed. Felix liked her laugh. It was sweet, but had an uncharacteristically sexy tone to it. "I had to step in and save you. 'It isn't his fault,' I said. 'America is a backwards place, they know little of the world outside!'"

Felix turned to face her, sitting back against the windowsill as he eyed her slender, olive-colored body. "Football is an entirely different sport in America," he playfully growled, reaching out to grope her softly rounded buttocks before pulling her towards him. "I didn't make up the name, I just learned the game."

Cassandra draped her arms over his shoulders, leaning down to kiss him. "It is," she whispered after pulling back an inch. "Everything is your fault, Felix. You should know this by now."

When she went back in for another kiss, Felix squeezed her rear end and stepped forward, lifting her up so she could cross her legs behind him. He held her in such a way that his ever-stiffening member was just barely brushing against her bare lips, their heat radiating onto his sensitive tip. He felt a drip of something, though he couldn't tell if it was sweat or her fluids. "Should we take a shower?" he asked, noting the sweat that made her body glisten was slackening his grip on her.

"Oh, goodness, please!" she sighed in relief, gently tossing her head back with a smile. "I'd hoped you would ask so, I feel so gross and sweaty right now."

Once inside the shower, under the lukewarm spray of water, they picked up where they had left off. Felix pushed Cassandra against a wall, gripping both her wrists and stretching them away from her, pinning them to the wall as he kissed her lips, then her cheeks, then her neck, her shoulders, her collarbone. Cassandra squirmed as he released her hands and crouched to kiss down her chest between her breasts, and reached down to lightly claw at his back as he licked up the center, back up her neck to her jaw, and kissed her. 

Without a word, she slowly knelt, kissing down his body as he had hers, playfully biting the slight pouch of his stomach before dragging her lips across his shaved pelvis to the base of his solid mass of meat. Felix sharply inhaled as she wrapped her soft lips around the girth of his penis, sliding up the length as if she were brushing her teeth, then as she reached the head she turned and engulfed it, lightly sucking before lovingly caressing it with her tongue. Felix lay back against the wall, closing his eyes as the beautiful Greek girl played with his most sensitive appendage.

After a short while, she stood back up and turned around, facing the wall that held the shower head, leaning forward with her hands outstretched, legs spread as open as the shower floor would allow. Felix dropped to one knee, plunging his face into her pink folds, wet from a mix of the water and her own lubrication. He felt her matted pubic hairs against his chin and cheeks. As he led his tongue up and down, and around her sensitive bundle of nerves, he pondered the stigma against women who didn't shave their vaginas. He'd always been a fan of a more natural look, and his first night with Cassandra had been her first time not having shaved before sex. She hadn't shaved since then, and had expressed to him how she rather enjoyed not having to.

"Oh... goddamn it," she gasped. "Why is it that you're so damn good at that?"

Felix kissed her clit. "Practice makes perfect, my dear. Practice makes perfect."

"Are you trying to say that you're perfect at it?" she asked, intrigued. "I wouldn't say you're perfect. Not the best, certainly, although-"

"So am I not good?" Felix asked, playing along with her little game. He enjoyed it when she would jokingly insult him. 

She laughed. "Well you're certainly not the best at it."

"Have you had better?" he questioned, standing up and rubbing his fingertips against the fleshy petals of her delicate flower.

"Well... no, I haven't. But I wouldn't say that you're the b-"

His entering her body interrupted Cassandra's sentence, leaving her with no further response but a subdued moan. Felix gripped her hips with both hands as his full length slid into her, eliciting a sharp gasp as she reached back with one hand, placing it on one of his. "That feels so good," she said with held breath. "But please, take it easy. I've never had a man that deep inside me before. It hurts a little bit."

Felix reached forward with his free hand and placed it on her stomach, pulling her body upwards and leaning forwards until they met, his chin resting just above her shoulder. They both turned their faces at the smallest angle to see each other. "You know I'm not doing it to hurt you," Felix replied. "I'll keep it slow."

Cassandra nodded, and then kissed him as he drew out of her slowly. When just the tip was left, he reversed course, sliding again into the stifling heat of her womanhood, the kiss broken as she began to breathe through her mouth, the sound of it drowned out by the water crashing against their bare bodies and the wet floor. Felix kissed and gently bit at her neck, reaching upwards to grab at her small but squishy breasts with his left hand, while his right struck out downwards to reach for her mound, but Cassandra's hand beat him there. She held against her carpeted flesh, just above her slit, her fingers placed around the entryway that his manhood was buried inside, holding open the delicate lips that protected it and providing more stimulation as he gently ground into her.

"It's okay if you don't make me cum," she whispered. "I know you're in a hurry."

"Unacceptable!" Felix breathed out, feeling himself near orgasm. "I will make sure that you get just as much pleasure out of this as I do."

With that, he moved her hand out of the way, sliding his across her fur and gently rubbing her clit. Cassandra let out an elongated high pitched squeal, leaning further forward as Felix sped up before pulling out of her as his orgasm found its way through his body, the white viscous fluid oozing through the tip of his penis and dripping harmlessly onto the wet shower floor. His fingers replaced his manhood inside Cassandra's vagina, however, and after a short time she soon found herself contorting her body, squeezing her thighs together, tightly gripping Felix's hand as she pulled him with her to the floor, moaning deeply as her body shook madly. It was all Felix could do to maintain his hold between her thighs, laughing as she fought to catch her breath.

"G-g-g-god, that wa-was amazing," she stammered, kneeling on the floor. She always reverted to a childish stutter shortly after an orgasm, Felix had noticed. She loosened her grip on his hand, freeing it from the hold of her thighs and pulling it to her face, calmly licking her feminine liquid from his fingers. 

When the two of them had recovered, they replaced the warm water with cold, and went about cleansing their bodies in the spray. After the shower, they dressed, and Felix saw her into a cab that took her back to her home before making his way to the Athens Polytechnic School, where he was to meet the other members of his research team.

All throughout the meeting, Felix was distracted. His mind was split between listening to the plans for the final day at the castle of Angelokastro, studying the ruins that held out against the Ottomans in three separate sieges, and the woman that had suddenly appeared in his life, and would soon be out of it. But what really distracted him, however, was the woman back home who had given him quite the sendoff: Amanda Dorson.

That day, before he left for Greece, Amanda and him had spent all night naked and draining themselves all over his house. His bedroom, the bathroom, the stairs, the kitchen, no bit of his house was left untouched by their sexual exploration. It was the most he'd ever had sex in one day, and once he'd left all he could think of was her thick, curvy body atop his, and under and aside as well. They texted almost non-stop for the first few days of his stay in Greece, trading naked pictures and staying up all night sexting. But once he'd met Cassandra, he stopped replying to Amanda's texts and emails, and after awhile he'd almost completely forgotten about her. But within two days he would be back home, far away from Cassandra, and back in daily contact with this woman he had shared an incredible night with. 

"Felix, you there?" One of his team members asked, shaking him out of his brooding.

"Huh? Oh, yeah, we're heading out tomorrow morning at 6am right?" Felix replied, having had only partially been paying attention to the conversation. 

"5am," his teammate replied. "We pushed it forward an hour so we'll have more time to get in our study of the structure and the surrounding island."

"Got it, five in the morning. What else?"

"Well, that's about all," replied Professor Vineras, their lead researcher. "If nobody has any further questions, we'll adjourn for now and meet at the bus station at 5am tomorrow morning. Have a nice night everyone!"

As Felix got up to leave, one of his teammates, a redheaded undergrad named Ryan, approached him. "Hey, Felix, you doing anything important tonight? Me and a couple of the guys were gonna head to this pub nearby, you wanna come with?"

Felix nodded. Cassandra would be working overnight at the hospital, and he was a morning person anyways, so he didn't have to worry about getting enough sleep. "Sure, why not. We splitting the cab?"

Ryan shook his head. "Nah man, it's not that far of a walk, just down the street." Two of the others in the group, Briana, a tall brunette, and Tomas, a stocky black-haired grad student, approached them. "Come on, let's all head over right now."

At the pub, Felix bought the first round, though he himself ordered a cherry soda instead of alcohol. The others knew he didn't drink, and didn't question it. "So what's going on with you and that local girl?" Ryan asked, downing his scotch and ordering another.

"Cassandra?" Felix answered. "Well, I'm still not sure. We've been seeing each other almost the whole two months I've been here, and... well... we have a lot of sex."

"Ugh, I wish I was getting sex," Briana sighed, swallowing half her glass of wine. "These Greek guys are so fucking hot, but stay way away from me. I thought European guys were supposed to be, like, sexually forward?"

"Well, if you want, I'm still available," Tomas chuckled, the slight tinge of a Spanish accent in his voice. "I'll treat you right, baby."

Everyone laughed, none more than Tomas himself. "Oh, sweetie, you'll have to try so much harder than that," Briana replied. "I'm desperate, but not that desperate."

Another round of laughter followed, and then came more drinking. "So, Felix," Tomas interjected, "This Cassandra girl, what do you plan to do once we go back home? You can't take her with you, you know."

"Yeah, I know," Felix replied sullenly, sipping his cherry soda. "Her and I already talked about it. She knows that this... relationship, or whatever it is, is gonna end once I leave. I mean it was fun, and it's gonna suck reeeeeally bad having to let her go, but what else can I do?"

"Long distance?" Ryan asked.

"Long distance never works," Briana said. "I've had so many long distance relationships crash and burn on me, it's not even funny."

"Actually, it is pretty funny," laughed Tomas, eliciting a death glare from Briana. He shut up quickly after that.

Felix looked down at his drink before finishing it, staring into the empty glass sadly. "She's right, it wouldn't work. As much as I'd love for it to, it just wouldn't."

Ryan put a hand on Felix's shoulder. "You really like this girl, don't you, buddy?"

Felix nodded. "Yeah, man, I do. I mean yeah, the sex is fucking great, but it's not like that's everything, you know? I like talking to her, about everything. And I like the way she talks to me. And she loves history too! And talking about political stuff, and food, oh god you guys she makes the best octopus stew!"

"Octopus stew?" the three others said simultaneously.

"Dude, that just sounds nasty," Ryan chuckled, taking a drink of his scotch. "I mean I've had squid, and all kinds of fish, but octopus? Those things are just freaky, man."

"Octopus is actually quite good," Tomas said, shrugging. "My grandmother made it for me once as a child, and I loved the taste. Do you want to know what is really disgusting, though? Escargot. I don't get how the French can eat that nasty shit."

Hearing Tomas say 'shit' in his accent spurred the group to more laughter which he joined after a couple seconds and another sip of his whiskey. "Seriously though," Felix continued, "it's more than just a sex thing with Cassandra. We've gone out on a couple actual dates, and we have a lot more in common than I did with any of my exes. Even the things that we disagree on, we don't get angry about, we just agree that we don't agree, which is bound to happen, especially considering the huge difference between American culture and Greek culture."

"So we're back to the original question," Ryan said. "What are you gonna do about Cassandra?"

Felix sighed, ordering another round for his friends and paying it down before getting up. "I guess I'm just gonna have to let it go. As much as it sucks. Anyways, I'll see you guys in the morning, I'm gonna get some sleep before tomorrow."

He walked out of the bar, and into the warm night. The streets were quiet, peaceful. Felix liked that. It reminded him of home. This was the longest he'd been away, and he was starting to miss his hometown. Sure, it was absolutely droll and relatively uneventful, but it was still home to him. It was a sizable city, nowhere near the scale of Los Angeles or San Francisco, but not small either. He chose Greece for his research trip because he knew the weather would be similar, and he liked that. Felix even considered moving to Greece permanently, but decided against it, even if he would get Cassandra as a benefit.

The next day was relatively uneventful. He gave Cassandra her customary good morning call, went off to the castle for his research, and after a day full of study and discussion, his group returned to Athens, where he found Cassandra waiting for him at the bus station.

"Cassandra, what are you doing here?" he asked, surprised.

"I know today is your last day here, and I wanted to spend it with you before you leave," she replied. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Am I?"

Felix turned to the others on his research group. "Don't worry about us," Professor Vineras called out. "Just make sure you log your hours and type up your report. You are getting paid for this after all, make sure you get your work done."

"Yes sir," Felix smiled. "I'll get it done." He waved to his friends in the group and set off with Cassandra. "So what is it you wanna do today, Cass?"

She smiled at him, taking him by the hand and pulling him in close. "Well first, you have to get your work done. Then... we'll go from there." She finished with a wink and a devilish smile.

"You know," Felix began, curiously, "I've been wondering, I never asked this whole time, but how is it you have such a strong grasp on the English language? You were born and raised here, weren't you?"

Cassandra nodded. "Yes, but I learned English as a part of my job. We have to be able to speak English and understand American measurements so that we can understand and treat the patients."

"Yeah, I understand that, but I mean you speak really good American English. Like, I really don't mean any offense by this, but it's not what you'd call 'broken English', you speak it like you've known it your whole life."

She laughed at that. "I spent four years in America, then came back home to go to the university."

"Huh," he said, "I guess that makes sense. Anyways, let's get back to the hotel, the sooner I get this work done the sooner we get to have fun."

Back at the hotel room, Felix typed up his report on his laptop, which he'd brought from home. As he worked, Cassandra watched him from the bed. "I like that," she said randomly.

"Like what?"

"The way you look. When you're working. Your face gets a little tightened, and you focus on nothing but what you're doing. I like it. It's cute." Felix turned to face her, and she smiled at him.

After finishing his work, he shut his laptop and stood up, stretching as he looked out the window into the darkening night sky. "Hey, Cassandra, what do you wanna go do ton-"

He stopped as he turned to face her, noticing that she had fallen asleep while he had been logging his report. Felix smiled as he watched her, clutching at a pillow, her legs tangled in the freshly replaced bedding as her hair covered half of her face. He walked over, softly lay down behind her, and wrapped his arms around his body. Felix tried to keep from waking her, but his touch roused her attention as she began to squirm, turning around to face him. "You leave tomorrow," she whispered.

"I do," he answered, quietly. 

"I won't see you after tomorrow."

"You won't."

Cassandra smiled. "Can we fuck one last time before you go?"

"You're goddamn right we can," Felix laughed, rolling her onto her back and kissing her. He lifted her top up, tossing it across the room as he kissed down her chest, sucking on a nipple as he toyed the other with his fingers. When he lifted off of her, Cassandra tugged at the bottom of his shirt, pulling it up and off when he leaned back down.
