 I had known Megan for years. She was exactly two months and two days older than me. I knew this well as I had it pounded into my head when we were much younger, and we had any kind of disagreement. She would let me know that she was older, therefore smarter, by two months and two days.

I'm not sure exactly when we became friends, i guess we always knew each other, and we just started hanging out. 

As we got older, and girls became interesting to me, and boys to her, it was like we weren't that to each other, I was Steve, and there were boys. She was Megan, and there were girls.

It was really helpful, having an inside track, we'd tell each other who was interested, and who wasn't. Who was a dick, or who was a bitch. We both got through high school with very good relationships. No shitty breakups or vengeful exes.

We went to different colleges, but kept in touch, and got to see each other at school breaks. 

It didn't bother me at all when she told me she had met someone special. He went to her college, and they had been tip toeing around dating for a little while. Once they did start, she realized he was a guy worth hanging onto. I met him a couple of times that she brought him home over a couple of holidays. 

Chris was an alright guy, he liked doing a lot of the same things Megan did, so that was a big plus, and he seemed to put her first. 

She called me up one evening just after Christmas break ended, and told me he had asked her to marry him. I asked her what she had said. She replied, "I had to ask you what you thought."

I told her that he was a great guy from what I had seen in the little bit I had been around him, and he had to be for her to hold him so dearly. She asked if she should say yes, and I told her if she loves him, and knows he loves her, then she should. 

She said that they had talked about a Summer wedding, and she'd keep me in the loop. We talked at least once a week for the next few months, but didn't get to see each other because she'd usually go home with him instead of coming home. That kind of bummed me out, but what did I expect, she was about to Marry him. I was worried that this would be the new norm, but I was happy because she was happy.

As the semester ended, and we both graduated, (a week apart, so we were able to attend each others ceremony) I realized we were now only weeks from her wedding, and that this could be the last time I got to just hang out and let loose with my best friend.

Chris wanted to be with his friends for one last hoorah, so Megan and I celebrated alone. We had dinner and a few drinks, then went dancing. She and I had danced a few times together at High School dances, but that was it.

This was a bit different, and she danced differently now. It started of slowly, it was a country bar, so the dj was playing some slower dance songs, and we were doing a basic two step. As the night went on however, the dj would mix in some dance dance music. 

When this happened, I just did the white mans overbite, and shuffled around a bit. Not Megan, she had learned some moves over the years. There was a few times that I "reacted" if you take my meaning. Like when she dropped in front of me, face at my crotch, stuck her ass out and stood back up sliding her chest up mine, and ending with her mouth inches from mine, seemingly begging for a kiss.

But this was Megan. My best friend. She was getting married in just a few weeks. It must be the alcohol, or just the way of dancing. I couldn't respond. I didn't respond. 

We left after a few hours and a few drinks and got back to her apartment. I crashed on the couch, wiped out from a wonderful evening. She went to her bathroom, turned on the shower, then went back into her bedroom. A couple of minutes later she walked back to the bathroom nude. I only saw her for a second, but what I saw gave me another reaction. I was flabbergasted, did she mean for me to see? Or was it just how she always went about her business, and she forgot I was there, or didn't care that I was there? Or just assumed I was asleep?

I wasn't about to go back to sleep now, at the very least I was going to have to relieve myself after she went back to bed. After what seemed like an hour, I heard the water stop. I heard things being picked up, being put back down, the sink being turned on, and an electric toothbrush being used.

Finally after another at least an hour, (5 minutes) the door opened, the light turned off and out she came out. Nude. This time I could see she was shaved. But instead of going to the bedroom, she went to the kitchen and got a glass of water. I had my eyes next to closed, I could see her drink her water put the glass in the sink, then walk back to her bedroom and close the door. 

She must have thought I waa asleep, or maybe she didn't care that I see her. Either way had an erection that needed attention. I unbuttoned the button of my pants unzipped the fly and grabbed my cock and started stroking, I came pretty quick, catching most of it in my hand, I went to the bathroom to wash up, and as I passed Megan's door thought I heard a moan.

I washed my hands, and gave my cock a good cleaning as well. then went back to the couch for the night.

The next morning we got up, I showered and we met Chris at IHOP for breakfast. I left for home from there and spent the drive wondering what had happened, and what could have happened. By the time I got home I had convinced myself that it was all very innocent, the alcohol must have lowered inhibitions, and I'm Steve, I'm not a guy. 

The remaining weeks till Megan's wedding slipped by uneventfully, we spoke a few times, but nothing about her graduation night ever came up. So that reaffirmed what I had thought. 

I flew down Friday afternoon for the rehearsal and dinner, I wasn't in the wedding, but I was as family as I could be without being family. I had a great time seeing her family again, I didn't see them as much because when Megan did come to town we would go do stuff just the two of us. 

So after the rehearsal, we had dinner at a nice local place, kind of fancy, you could get by wearing jeans and a nice shirt, but because of the occasion we were all dressed up a bit. 

After dinner, we went back to Chris' parents house (huge) to change for our respective bachelor/bachelorette parties. The bride and groom had changed first, Chris was wearing a cowboy hat, boots, and pressed jeans. I snickered a bit to myself. Very stereotypical. Megan was wearing a nice top and a fairly short skirt. 

As everyone got changed, I found out everyone thought I was going with the girls. They were going to one of those group painting things that are an excuse to drink wine. Um, that irked me a bit, that I wasn't really invited to the bachelor party. 

Everyone was looking at me, and not Megan, so they didn't see her lift the hem of her skirt, and show me she wasn't wearing any panties. I paused, and said, "Ok, I don't mind hanging out with the girls."

Megan walked up to me and told me she'd take care of me. I was about to have another reaction. Everyone split up into the two vans that had been rented to take us to our respective spots. I sat in the front seat next to the driver, Megan and her Maid of Honor directly behind us.

We got to the strip club about 30 minutes later. Tracy, the Maid of Honor leaned up to me and said, "You didn't think we were going to paint tonight did you?" 

Fuuuuuck. They brought me to a strip club, for women. This was going to be the best party ever. 

After getting some odd looks at the front counter, and an explanation from Tracy, they let us all in. She told me I was gay, to let it go, and to have a good time.

And I actually did, not from the guys, at all, but watching the girls, especially Megan having as much fun as they could. After a couple of hours Megan sat down beside me and said, "This can't be what you were expecting from this weekend." That was a statement not a question. 

I told her no, but I was having a blast. She leaned in closer and said, "I'll be right back."

She went back to Tracy and looking back at me said something I couldn't hear. She leaned into my ear and whispered, "Look sick." 

I put my hand on my stomach, slumped my face a bit, and rose as she pulled me out of my chair, and to the front of the club. "Am I being sent home?" I asked, actually regretting it a bit.

"No, you're being brought home." She replied, "And you can stop faking now, we're outside.

She walked over to a cab, and stood by rhe back door, I reached over and opened the door for her, she sat down and scooted over for me to get in as well. As I sat down I noticed she didn't slide all the way over and was sitting in the middle. She told the driver the name of my hotel, and as we pulled away, asked me if I was happy.

I said I was having a great time, that I was enjoying myself despite the situation. She grimaced and said, "You know what I mean. Are. You. Happy?"

I told her I was happy for her, and that was enough for now, but that didn't seem to be the answer she was looking for, and she slid across to the other side of the cab from me, and buckled her seatbelt. Looking out her window until we got to my hotel.

We got upstairs and into my room, she looked at me and pushed me back to a sitting position on the end of my bed. "Are you blind?" She asked. "I've been throwing hints at you at graduation, and here. I want you!" 

I could only stare at her. I said, "I always thought I was your best friend. Steve, I'm not a guy, I'm Steve. I thought at graduation you either didn't care, because it was me, or thought I was asleep, and tonight, I thought you were trying to be funny or something."

"You are my best friend Steve, you have always been my best friend. My favorite guy. At Graduation I was hoping you were drunk enough to come join me in the shower, when you didn't I hoped you would take the hint when I walked right by you. Tonight, I knew you could see me, I wanted you to see me. I want you to see me.

While she was talking, she had reached out and untucked my shirt, I stood up and looked into her eyes, I asked, "Where does this go?" 

She responded, "Whenever you want."

At that I pulled off her blouse, and tossed it into the chair. she had my shirt unbuttoned and began pushing it off my shoulders. I kissed her not for the first time, but for the first time none the less. Our tongues searched each others out, twisting and licking, lips sucking, my hand on the back of her head, hers on my cheek.

We stopped at the same time, looked at each other and laughed. I stood there in jeans and an undershirt, her in a bra and skirt. And we laughed. "This is it right? This is you and me?"

She winked, reached behind her back and unclasped her bra. I pulled off my shirt, and as I had it over my head she shoved me back onto the bed again, this time laying down. She climbed up over me kissing my belly button, tracing her tongue up my chest. She used her fingernails scratching gently on my ribcage as her lips reached mine again.

We kissed. Her nipples touching and moving against my chest.

We kissed, her hands, unbuckling my belt.

We kissed, my hands pulling up her skirt.

We kissed, her hand reaching into my pants and pulling out my member.

We broke our kiss, long enough for her to lift up and position herself above me. I looked at my best friend, I looked at the love of my life. I held her in place before she could lower herself onto me. I looked at her and she at me. "Will you marry me?" I asked, knowing the answer before to words escaped my lips. 

As she overcame my grip, she lowered herself onto me. "You know I'm getting married tomorrow." 

She leaned back in, and kissed me again. Thrusting her hips up and down on my cock, she kept fucking me as she sat up again and said, "This night is for you, I love you, I always have and always will. Tonight is the night I fuck my friend, but tomorrow I will belong to my husband.

I lay there, not knowing how to react. Should I stop her? Should I just shut the fuck up and enjoy myself? I decided to get out of my own head, I thought she needed this as much as I did. I would just lay back and let Megan fuck me.

I came inside her after she told me she was on the pill. She rolled off of me and lay beside me on the bed. She rolled up onto her side and kissed my cheek. She told me that she meant it when she said she loved me. I told her I loved her too. 

At that, she stood out of bed, took her clothes and went to the bathroom. After a shower, she came back out fully dressed. I had put on a t-shirt and pair of shorts, She told me she'd see me tomorrow, gave my a kiss that a friend would never give, and slid her hand down my cheek, and walked out of my life.

There was nooooo way I could go tomorrow. Not after that. And there was a built in excuse, I was sick tonight. Her friends saw how sick I was, It would be completely understandable if I wasn't there tomorrow.

I went to sleep, not bothering to set my alarm, It was an afternoon wedding, and my flight back wasn't until 7:30ish, so I figured I'd sleep in.

I woke up late, almost missing my checkout time, I gathered my things and decided to just go to the airport. I had nowhere else to go, and nothing else to do. 

I got checked in and past security, and paid way too much for a cup of coffee. I bought a magazine and sat down at my gate for a long ass wait. 

It was a bit over an hour later when I heard a very familiar voice say, "Why aren't you at my wedding?" 

I collapsed into myself as I looked up from my magazine at a very angry looking Megan. I stammered a bit. trying to make an excuse that would work. Then I thought about it a minute. "Wait a minute, why aren't you at your wedding?" I asked.

She replied, "I'm on my way, I just had to get you." 

I told her that there was no way I could go to her wedding, not after last night. 

She looked me in the eye and said, "You have to go, you are the most important person, well besides me that is." 

I looked at her blankly. "You are so dense." she said as she held out a pair of tickets to Las Vegas. "You will never be 'Just Steve', you are MY Steve."

She leaned up to kiss me, and said, "Tonight, you get to fuck your wife."