 Mary recommended him. Later she told me that Valerie had recommended him to her. I knew I would recommend him to someone soon. Probably Nancy. But not now.

I was still cussing at the computer that day when I sat down at Mary's table for lunch at BRG.

Jeff used to take care of our computer problems, but he was away on a week-long business trip. The computer had been running slow for some time and since he got his laptop he had been neglecting it. It was my sole computer and I had a paper I to complete for my job. 

It wasn't that old, it just had a lot of glitches and ran too slow. So when I told Mary why I was so stressed out she told me about Dan 'The C Man'. I was about to ask her what the C stood for and then realized what a dumb question that would be..

"Aren't some of these home computer guys rip-offs? Unemployed guys who don't know what they're doing?" I asked. "Jeff is going to go ballistic if he finds out I paid a couple hundred bucks, especially if he doesn't make it any better or makes it worse."

"That's the great thing about Dan. He'll come in and look at your computer for a flat $20 fee, tell you what is wrong with it and what it needs. If you give him the okay, he'll fix you right up for $20 an hour from the time he got there. If you say no, he'll just take your $20. And he guarantees his work. He came to me highly recommended and rightfully so."

Mary seemed really satisfied with his services.

"So you've never had a problem with him?"

"No, but I do have Dan over regularly, usually for just a quick tune-up. It is amazing how dysfunctional my machine can get without proper attention."

Every week seemed a little odd, but for only $20 an hour it seemed harmless enough. I decided to call him right away. At this point he couldn't make the computer any worse.

I took the card Mary offered me. 'Dan the C Man' it said on the first line, then 'CCR – Repair Experts' and the phone number.

When I called him on my cell after leaving the restaurant I fell in love with his voice. It sounded smooth like a sexy DJ. I had pictured a 35-year-old nerdy mouth-breather. When I realized that's probably what he looked like I almost burst into laughter at the picture in my head.

"I can be there at 2."

"Sounds great", I said. If I hurried I could get in a quickie before he came. Even with a glass of wine at lunch my insides were still tied in knots. Thinking of the glacial pace of our PC had that effect on me. I had found that the best cure for that was a good orgasm. Since I had an excuse not to work I was hoping for some Rabbit time. 

"Mary told you it is cash only?"

"Yeah", I lied before hanging up.

Bye Bye Bunny guy, Now I had to go to the ATM. That would leave only about 20 minutes and I would be spending that straightening up the house. Jeff always gives me a hard time about that: 'They're just service people you are never going to see again. What's to be embarrassed about?' The time he gave me a maid service whole-house cleaning for my birthday I spent the whole morning cleaning the house before they came.

I hadn't had an orgasm in a long time. Jeff hadn't been interested in sex much lately and won't talk about it. Mr. Jack Rabbit does a good job but Jeff hadn't left me any free time this weekend and I had had to be in the office all last week. I wondered if maybe I could sneak upstairs while Dan was working on the computer.

I prefer to warm myself up by writing in my journal on the computer, surfing some light lesbian porn, writing some of my sexual fantasies, usually about other women before I have to run upstairs while stripping off my clothes and pulling the horny hare out of his hidey-hole. 

It's not that I am crazy about girl-on-girl stuff, but I usually feel guilty thinking about other guys and can't enjoy myself. Jeff even told me once that if I had an affair with another women he wouldn't consider it cheating or even a problem, though he probably had ulterior motives. It creeped me out slightly.

The doorbell rang.

When I opened the door I wondered if there was some kind of mistake. It was a good looking guy in his late twenties who looked more like a personal trainer than a computer tech. Before I could say anything stupid he smiled at me and walked inside and said, "Hi, I'm Dan." and his voice told me it was the same Dan I had talked to earlier. I felt my heart flutter.

"I'm Karen," I said, shaking his firm hand. He waited a moment while I processed the good-looking vision in front of me before he broke my reverie.

"So where is she?"

I was slightly flustered, so it took me even longer than normal to realize he was talking about my computer. 

"She – it's – here, I'll show you."

I think I saw a bemused smirk on his face as I walked past him towards the study. The Blue Screen of Death, or BSD as some people call it, though I think of it as "Bitch – Suck and Die!", was still there bathing the room in its evil glow. I had put a $20 bill next to it.

"Oh, the old Bubonic Sick Death screen," Dan said and smiled at me once more. I froze again like a prepubescent girl coming face to face with Justin Beiber. He rescued me.

"All right. Well, let me take a look."

All I could think of was porn movie dialogue like "What would you like to take a look at?" so I nodded and started to walk. I paused, recovering and asked, "Do you need me for anything or can I get something – things done upstairs?"

I needed an orgasm. Bad.

"That should be fine. I don't need you close by but I might need some questions answered., so just don't get involved in anything too hot and heavy."

"OK", I said. "Damn" I thought. Who new he was a deputy in the sex police?

I floundered around the house for about an hour. I felt guilty not working or getting something else done, but each time I started something I changed my mind after a few minutes and went on to something else.. 

I finally decided I was too stressed out to get any work done that day even if Dan did get the computer working in the next hour. Since my normal destresser wasn't available, I reasoned it was after 5 in Iceland, uncorked a bottle of wine, and sat down to read the newspaper.

I had a hard time concentrating. My thoughts kept wandering, often into fantasies of Dan. I wondered what his cock looked like? I slapped myself inside my brain. I wasn't going to cheat on Jeff. In my book it was OK to fantasize about other guys, but not when you were alone with them in a house.

I had read the same sentence eight times on page 3 when I heard Dan's footsteps approaching. I clumsily tried to hide the wineglass behind the sports section, I didn't want him to think I was a Kathie Lee. I glanced at the clock and noted it was already 4:15 and that I could have had a doubleheader afternoon delight with Roger Rabbit and had time to spare.

"Karen?"

When I turned around I could tell he was looking right at the Sports section. I wasn't fooling him.

"If you have a moment I can show you what I found."

All kinds of sexual innuendos bubbled in my head before I clamped down on them. 

"Sure."

I followed him back into the study. The computer looked perfect. 

"Wow"

"Don't get too excited. At least not just yet."

As he started talking I nodded at everything he said while mentally replying in unspoken words, preparing for my next career as a porn movie script writer.

"Your hard drive was really messed up. I started to straighten it out."

I'd like to straighten out your hard drive.

"But it needs a thorough reaming,"

You can ream me anytime, big boy. Reaming didn't seem like a technical term.

"I would recommend you get some more RAM."

Would you like to RAM me?

"You need a spy-ware program."

You can spy on me if I can spy on you. I realized my mental repartee was getting really silly at that point.

"So I can come back next week if you want me to or you can tell me to take a hike."

I'll take a-- "Is there any chance of this getting taken care of any sooner? I was hoping to get this done while my husband's away. He doesn't like the idea of someone else messing around on his computer."

"I can see why," Dan said. 

"What do you mean?"

"Oh nothing," He lied. "Some guys just don't feel it's manly to have another guy helping them. Though I wouldn't think..."

Dan trailed off and then quickly changed the subject.

"Well, I don't usually work past five, but I could make an exception today, But you'd have to pay overtime."

I could afford it, though it meant standing up Jack Rabbit a little longer. 

"What's your overtime rate?"

"Same as the regular rate, but with a few 'extras'. You can start with a glass of that wine you were drinking," he said, smiling at me in a way that almost seemed flirtatious. The 'extras' sounded intriguing.

I smiled back and went out to the kitchen. I grabbed the ATM envelope with the other $180 in it. When I returned Dan was seated at the computer. As I rounded the corner I clearly saw a picture of a couple naked guys in very close proximity just before it disappeared from the screen. . 

'Shit,' I thought. Here I was fantasizing about this stud and he was actually a gay guy whom I was paying to look at man-porn on my computer.

That wasn't happening.

"What was that!?"

Dan knew he had been caught but gave me a chance to change my mind about going after him.

"What was what?"

I wasn't playing. "You know."

"Yes, I do," he confessed, "But I don't really think you want to."

"Try me."

He nodded to me like he was the M.E. getting ready to show me a dead relative at the morgue. 

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"I just stumbled on this by accident while you were out getting my wine."

Lame excuse.

"You should probably sit down."

The first doubts were sprouting in my brain. Dan took the wine from me as I sat down and put the money envelope on the table. 

"I try to avoid looking at my clients personal documents as much as possible," he continued, "but there was some malware that I tracked down to some downloaded pictures. Sex pictures."

Pictures? I had looked at some Lesbian porn a couple of times out of curiosity Before my thoughts went any farther Dan hit a few keys and then the screen filled with a rapid slide show of gay porn. Only it was homosexual porn, not lesbian. 

My insides didn't know what to do. My brain couldn't process what I was seeing. It wasn't my stuff so it had to be Jeff's. If he was looking at gay porn it was not for the same reason I was and I would definitely not approve of him having an affair with another guy. The idea of some guy with his thing inside Jeff gave me the creeps as did the idea of Jeff fucking me with a poopy dick he had had up the backside of some stranger...

That's when I saw the picture of Jeff with his shirt off, sitting on a couch kissing some stranger in a room full of guys in various states of undress.

"Oh My God!" I blurted out.

The next picture was of Jeff on his hands and knees, smiling up open mouthed at a big cock while another guy was behind him with his hands on Jeff's hips, buried to the hilt.

Dan hit a couple of keys and the slides disappeared. He handed me my wine glass which I took and drained. 

My world had just done a complete Sean White, spun around 480º only it had crashed. My own brain was now a BSD. I found myself out in the kitchen chugging down the rest of my second glass and pouring a third one. 

Dan stood in the doorway of the computer room, sipping his own glass.

"I'm really sorry," he said. "I should have been more careful. It surprised me, just like last time, and I didn't think you'd be back so quickly."

"No, don't be sorry. I don't want to be living a lie. I'm glad I found out."

"That's what Mar—the lady said the other time this happened."

Dan walked slowly over towards me, stopping a few feet away, looking so empathetic. We looked at each other for a moment. 

"The worst part," I said, "is I don't even have anyone I can talk to about this. It's not like I can call one of my girlfriends up and tell her my husband is gay. They'd think I was a clueless idiot. I'd never live it down"

"You can talk to me if you want. I'm anonymous. And I'm cheap."

I looked up at him. His face was so sympathetic. I thought for a moment.

"What the hell. You're one fifth the price of a therapist."

We walked back out to the the kitchen with our glasses. Dan smiled at me warmly and sincerely as he pulled a stool out for me and then sat on the other side, topping of our wine glasses.

I spilled my guts out. I surprised myself with how forthcoming I was, but I had just gone through a major shock, I was borderline drunk, and Dan was easy to talk to.

Finally he said, "You had no idea he was interested in having sex with other men?"

I told him how Jeff never seemed that crazy over 'straight sex' but liked anal sex and for me to give him oral sex, but never vice-versa. I confessed how he had surprised me one night by handing me a strap-on. The idea didn't turn me on, but I did it once for him. How he always was secretive about the computer and his business trips, and how he was always was buying me toys to please myself, claiming he felt guilty because he traveled so much for his job. None of those clues caused me any suspicion at the time, but in hindsight they seem so obvious.

Dan chivalrously stood up for Jeff. Was I sure that was him? Maybe he was just goofing around at some bachelor party. He suggested we look at the pictures again to be sure.

"You didn't really look at them very long."

"No!" I said, surprising myself with my vehemence, "I can't look at those pictures again right now."

We opened up another bottle of wine while we talked and I let Dan put some moves on me. I was flattered when he said he didn't see how anyone could be a homosexual around a woman like me. When he put his hand on mine and said he was there if I needed anything, I didn't protest when he didn't move it away. I realized how much I missed having a man pay this much attention to me. It was exciting to have someone trying to seduce me, especially someone as good-looking as Dan.

Dan got up to get us a couple glasses of water, and when he came back he didn't sit down in his seat across from me where he had been before, but instead set one glass in front of me and the other next to it. 

I thought I knew what was going to happen next, he was going to sit next to me and make his move, put his arm around me and try to kiss me, and the anticipation caused a wetness in my crotch. But I needed time to think, to step back and decide it this is what I really wanted. I started to get up and go to the bathroom.

Before I could rise, Dan put his hands on my shoulders and applied gentle pressure. It was like Spock's Vulcan Seduction Nerve Pinch – his hands were masterful and I was his. He slid his hands down my back and sucked the tension out of my body through my back and into his fingers as he expertly massaged me. I sighed and even let out an occasional moan.

He let his hands rise up to my shoulders and then they went further until he had one under my chin and the other on the back of my head. When he gently twisted me around his face was there and then we were kissing and it felt so good but I had to break it off.

"I'm married, Dan."

He looked me full in the face, like a parent confronting a lying child.

"Do you want me to stop?"

I folded quickly, committing myself..

"God, no."

I stood up and we locked our mouths together. He stroked my breasts through my clothes. When I brushed up against his large bulging cock I became even wetter. I led him to the bedroom.

I had no reason to feel guilty now. Not only was my husband neglecting me but he was having an affair. And for me, it was worse that he was having an affair with a man – men, than another woman. I had carte blanche.

He was everything I dreamed of, like the lover I always fantasized about but knew never existed, the one I wrote about in my stories.. His cock was big and hard just like I knew it would be, his body was sculpted without being over-the-top, and his techniques were perfect. He touched me in all the right places, licked me to orgasm, and then fucked me over and over and over again until I was a human jellyfish, tingling all over. 

When we were finished I melted into the bed, seeing the green numerals 9:58 on the clock before I closed my eyes. I was aware of Dan laying behind me, holding me, while I drifted away, like a parent comforting a child back to sleep after a nightmare. 

Somewhere in my subconscious I registered his voice, though it wasn't until the middle of the next day that I remembered what he had said. 

"I'm going to finish up on your computer. I'll be done in two more hours. 

Dan smiled to himself as he worked on Karen's computer. Dan loved his job. The money wasn't great, but it was cash and the benefits could not be beat.

God she had been good. Not as much as a looker at Mary, but she personified the term Cougar, one of the Cs in CCR. 

Yesterday had been easy. As soon as he got on the computer he identified some pictures of 'Jeff'. He uploaded those to his laptop while he worked on Karen's computer. Within 15 minutes Dan's laptop had identified some faces in gay porn similar to Jeff's.

Dan removed the gay pornography from the computer. He could claim he thought that's what Karen wanted, but still be able to supply the original pictures with the guy who resembled Jeff but without Jeff's head GIMPed in. After that he finished cleaning out the remaining viruses and malware and ad-ware Jeff nor Karen would have any complaints. But Dan had no doubt Karen would be calling him out for tune-up soon anyway. 

He set the bill down on the table, picked up the cash envelope, and walked out of the door.

I felt marvelous the next day. 

I went down and booted up the computer and then got my coffee. The message light was blinking on the phone. I had definitely missed Jeff's nightly call, but I wouldn't have been able to handle talking to him even if I wasn't being fucked into blissdom by a super stud.

I was debating whether I was ready to look at the pictures of Jeff again when I realized I wouldn't know where to search for them. I'd have to call Dan.

'Darn!', I laughed out loud, thinking of his naked body, 'That would be terrible.'

I clicked a couple of icons and everything was working perfectly. It was great. 

'Damn', I thought, 'That's a shame.'

I sat back for a moment. I noticed the empty ATM envelope and then the bill.

Karen:

  10 hours @ $20/hr for services rendered.



  Paid in full. 

  BTW, I recommend at least weekly tune-ups. Without proper attention things just don't work at the level they should. Future sessions shouldn't take more than a few hours. 

Thank you –

Dan the C man 

P.S. Every customer you refer to me who engages my services earns you a free visit. 

P.S.S. Should you ever need a lot of work done, I do have an assistant available for only $10 an hour more.

I smiled to myself. I could afford it. I would definitely be recommending him to Nancy, but not yet. I picked up the phone.

"Dan," I said when he answered, "I think something is off. Is there any chance you can come back this evening? I can offer overtime benefits again."