 It was a dark and stormy night...

Well, not really. It was actually late afternoon on a train in November. He was taking the train, as he normally did, on his business trip to NYC. For this occasion, however, he was a little nervous. He was taking an extra day; a non-business day in the city. The reason for the extra day was to meet someone that he had met online. She was from Florida and a lot younger than he. He enjoyed talking to her online and they had a fun type of bantering back and forth relationship. 

When he joked that she should fly to NYC to meet him, she said, 

"Sure, see you there."

He thought she was joking, as she so playfully does, but as they talked details, she was right there on board with the process. She was to arrive at LaGuardia and meet him at the hotel lobby about an hour after he arrived. He had a slight doubt in his mind that she might chicken out, and he was okay with that. So, as the train arrived at Penn Station, he thought the schedule through once more and departed.

He let her choose one of the three hotels that he normally stayed and she chose one. It was a great location in midtown, and he hoped she would like the location and the facility. The plan was to meet in the lobby and check her in. He had gotten two rooms that adjoined each other. It was not quite Christmas tourist season so it had not been too difficult getting a room. He checked in, unpacked, freshened up, made sure he looked half way respectable (since he was not a young man), checked the time and relaxed; waiting for her call that she was on a taxi. 

She felt excited and nervous as the plane was landing in LaGuardia. She had never been to NYC and had always wanted to go. She never dreamed that she would be flying by herself and meeting a man that she only knew from the internet. She had worried what she would do if it did not go well. She had checked and there were plenty of rooms around in case it did not work out, and she had an itinerary for her to sight see if she were alone for her two days there. He had promised to pay for everything, but she would not allow him to do that, but she would take the free room. The pictures that she had seen of NYC did not do justice to the expanse of buildings and light of Manhattan as the plane landed. She found the taxi place as he had explained, told the taxi driver the location of the hotel and proceeded on her journey. (And it was true about taxi drivers in NYC; they do not speak English and drive like maniacs) After a hectic 25 minute ride, the taxi pulled into front of the hotel. She paid, got her bags, took a deep breath, and began to walk into the lobby where he would be.

She entered the lobby and she saw him sitting in a chair and when he looked up and saw her, his face lit up and he smiled. He walked over, kissed her cheek as he hugged her lightly.

"So good to see you," he said as he smiled.

She immediately felt more at ease. He helped her check in and rode the elevator up to their adjoining rooms, all the while chatting about the flight, the traffic, the cool weather, the taxi driver, etc. He helped her with her bags to her room, told her to freshen up a bit, unpack, and he would be right next door in the adjoining room. 

She said, "No, just open the door to your room, and after I unpack, I will open my side up."

As he went back to his room, he was almost giddy. He had spoken to her many times online, but it was so good to finally see her. Her personality was the same; that strong, sassy, confidence that he liked, although she said she was not really like that all the time.

As he was making sure his room was straight, he heard the adjoining door knock and he opened and she came in.

"Hi again", she said, as she entered. 

He almost forgot, and then went to the fridge and opened a bottle of sauvignon blanc and asked her if she wanted a glass, to which he got a sarcastic reply, and he laughed. He pour her a glass, handed it to her, smiled; they tapped glasses, and took a sip.

He smiled at her, took another sip, and said, "Let's sit down". 

They talked about things, people on the chat site, Florida, New York City, her work, among other things. They had two glasses of wine each and he looked at his watch. It was about 6:20. 

"I have dinner reservations at a place at 8. Do you want to walk around some and see the city before dinner or just hang here?"

She really wanted to just hang at the hotel as she felt very comfortable with him and every time he stood up to get a glass or wine or to get something, she would check out his physique. She would think thoughts to herself and wonder if he might suggest something. He was always so polite, which she liked, but waiting for him to take charge took some patience. He once wrote a story for her that took forever to get to the good stuff, so she knew his patient ways.

"You know, I like it here, we will have time to see the city, we have an hour before dinner, and this is relaxing," she said.

He smiled, "we have an hour, we could get more relaxed too." 

She looked at him, as he walked over to her chair. He reached down, put his hand on her shoulder, and kissed her. She immediately opened her mouth to kiss him back, feeling his tongue on hers, tasting the wine again, and smelling his scent. He took her hand and helped her stand, and kissed her again, this time holding her close. She could feel his excitement begin as her body was close to his and she was excited, wanting him to take her. 

His hand slid down her back and caressed her ass and he pushed her towards him. They kissed again as their kiss grew more passionate. He stepped back and began to undress her, slowly lifting her top. He looked into her dark eyes and he kissed her again, then he kissed and licked her neck as she reached back and removed her bra. She caught a look of cheerful surprise in his eyes as he saw her breasts, and he knelt down and kissed her nipples as he caressed her breasts. He slowly pushed her onto the bed as he licked her nipples. He could feel them harden and elongate, and he slowly sucked them and pulled them with his lips.

He felt her grab his shirt and try to lift it off, and he helped her take his shirt off. He stood and removed his pants, and she began to unfasten her jeans, when he reached down, touched her hands and said, "No". 

The authority in his voice excited her a little, so she just lay there as he walked over to the corner of the room with just his boxer briefs on. She thought to herself, Wow, he does have a nice ass. He walked back to the bed, and they both moved up to the pillows.

In his hand was a blindfold and he put it on her and said, "Trust me , this will enhance things, just lay there and relax, I do not expect you to do anything, just enjoy."

To which she replied, "Yes sir."

He smiled as he slid her pants off. He touched her ankle and licked her leg, up the leg, then kissed her thighs. Then the same with her other leg. He kissed up and down her legs, the he got off of the bed. She was not sure what he was doing. She wanted to ask, but she did not. When he came back he sat next to her, and helped her prop herself up on the pillows. 

"Here," he said, "We have a couple sips of wine left."

He placed the bottle on her gorgeous lips and poured a taste into her mouth. Some spilled and he licked it off of her as it ran down her neck. He slowly caressed her breasts as she heard him take the last sip of wine. Then she felt the cool wine bottle on her nipple. He would lick her nipple and then run the bottle over it. She then felt him get off of the bed and there was silence for what seemed like a minute or more. She heard the bathroom door open, and then he was back. She was a little nervous, but she trusted him. He was having fun just keeping her guessing. It had only been 5 minutes since she was blindfolded, but to her, he imagined it must have seemed much longer.

He then reached up, and lifted her as he removed her panties. He stepped back and admired as he grabbed her ankles and spread her legs. He slid his tongue slowly up her thighs, and then kissed right above her mound. His finger traced around her pussy, just touching it every so often, as he looked and admired it. He would look at her and from her look and her motions; he could sense that she was aroused.

"Let's see if you are aroused, my dear."

He inserted his finger slowly into her. He could feel her walls and the moisture, and he removed his finger and he moved his finger up to her lips. She passionately sucked his finger, and he kissed her, then, moved back down, and touched her. He then kissed her pussy, and slowly opened her. He traced his tongue over her lips, slowly moving up and down, tasting her now flowing juices. As he licked her clit, he could feel her hips rise to meet him. 

She was so aroused; the blindfold creating the mystery as he felt his tongue on her. She tried to relax, but felt her hips move upward to meet his tongue and face. He went faster, licking and sucking her clit, faster and faster. She did not realize it, but she moved her hand down and onto his head, and she pushed his head into her hard. She could hear him say in a muffled way, 

"Yes, let loose baby, cum for me".

When she heard him, she felt it, she must have moaned loudly, and she bucked up and down as she reached an orgasm.

***

To be continued maybe, if the readers so wish.