 The theme song from one of my favorite shows blaring from my cell phone woke me from a very sensual dream. Reaching blindly for my phone, I glared at the screen. Text from my best friend, Mary. Wonder what she wanted this time.

"You up???"

"It's 8 a.m. On my day off. Why would I be up?" I quickly replied back.

"Oh. Ok... but is there any way you can pick up Joey from daycare and take him over to Garrett's mom's?"

I rolled my eyes. I quickly called her. It was too early to be texting. "What are you and Garrett doing that you can't take him?" I asked.

"I have to get ready for our party. Garrett has to work a little late. Don't tell Garrett you did this for me. The ass thinks I take advantage of you as it is."

You do, I thought to myself as I rubbed my forehead. The headache was already starting. "All right. What time do I need to pick Joey up?"

"You're the best! Anytime between three and six is fine. The party starts at seven, so you better be here early. You're bringing the hors d'oeuvres, right? Enough for twenty." Mary asked worriedly.

"Yes. I made garlic shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, and hummus with grilled pita bread." I covered my head with the comforter. I couldn't believe I had let her talk me into making the appetizers for her cocktail party, but I knew Mary didn't cook much. After sixteen years of being best friends, I was getting tired of being walked on. "Ok. So, I'll pick up Joey, take him over to Mrs. Kincaid's, come back here, get dressed, and be over at your house by six-thirty. Sounds like a plan."

"And not a word to Garrett about any of this." 

"Yes, ma'am." I said as I rolled my eyes again. "Bye, now. I'm going back to sleep."

"Ok, thanks! You're the best!" Mary gushed and hung up the phone.

I put my phone back on the nightstand and glared at the ceiling. Just once I would like it to be about me not her. Shaking my head, I gave up on trying to go back to sleep, and got up. 

Forget it. I could never be selfish, no matter how much I wanted to be. It just wasn't in me. 

----------------------------------------------------------------

By three-thirty, I had already picked up little Joey, taking him to the park to play for a bit before dropping him off at his grandmother's. I spent some time visiting with Garrett's mom, Brenda, then headed home to get ready for Mary's party.

At home, I looked through my closet, finally choosing The Red Dress in the back. I had bought it a few months before, but had never worn it out. It wasn't really something I would normally choose, and had been an impulsive purchase. The see-through top draped over a snug halter-style bodice, while the skirt of the dress flared out, ending right above my knees. 

With my "fuck me" black four-inch heels with the red soles, I knew I would look good. 

I really needed to get laid.

I placed the dress on my bed and, stripping, went in to take a shower. The hot steaming shower revived me and I quickly got ready for Mary and Garrett's party.

Looking in the full-length mirror in my bedroom, I realized Mary was going to be slightly pissed and wondered if I should change my dress. Forget it. I looked good, damn it. I was ready to enjoy a night with friends.

I made it over to Mary and Garrett's before six-thirty and cursed under my breath when I saw Garrett's truck in the driveway. Shoot. I shrugged. Oh well. What could I do? Parking, I quickly sent a text to Mary, asking what she wanted me to do about getting the hors d'oeuvres into the house without him seeing. 

A minute later, Mary opened the front door and waved me inside. I hurried, carrying the trays of food. "He's getting ready. Take them into the kitchen."

I put them on the island in the spacious kitchen and removed the black jacket I had put on over my dress.

Mary had followed me and took my jacket from me, managing to look down her nose at my outfit. She smiled, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. "New dress? It's very red. You don't think it's too bright with your auburn hair?"

I shrugged. I loved her to death, but it amazed me how she could make me feel so much less than her with just a look and a few words. "I like it."

"Anyway. I'll go finish getting ready. You can open up the wine and turn on some music if you'd like." She left the room without waiting for my reply. 

"All righty then." I muttered. I opened the wine to let it breathe and went to the entertainment center to put on some music. Looking through their collection of CD's, I pulled out Miles Davis, Billie Holiday, Frank Sinatra, Louis Armstrong, and started loading the CD player. Soon, jazz music filled the room. 

Swaying to the music, I walked around the room, looking at Mary's display of pictures. She was quite proud of her perfect little family, but I knew it wasn't quite as perfect as she liked everyone to think...

"Hey." 

I jumped and spun around, hand to my beating chest. "Garrett! You startled me. Hey, yourself." I smiled at my best friend's husband. "You're looking spiffy. Love the bow tie. Bow ties are cool." 

He laughed. "I know that's a Doctor Who reference. You're such a nerd."

I blushed. "You're right, I am."

He looked at my outfit. "You look gorgeous." His eyes followed my legs down to my new heels. "Very nice."

"Thank you." I blushed even more. I felt like his eyes were caressing me. Garrett had always been very nice to me, but this was different. He was looking at me like he wanted to eat me up. Interesting. Very, very interesting.

Mary came rushing in just as the doorbell rang. The party got underway, wine and bourbon flowed freely as the group enjoyed the appetizers and soft music.

From across the room, I kept catching Garrett watching me. He really was quite sexy. My hazel eyes met his gorgeous blue eyes as I slowly drank the last of my fourth glass of wine. His eyes followed my tongue as I licked a drop from my lip. I knew I shouldn't be flirting with the husband of my best friend, but I just couldn't seem to help myself.

I bit my lip and let him see me look him up and down. He smiled slightly and raised his glass in a silent toast to me. I knew he could tell I wanted to fuck him. 

Setting my empty glass on the counter, I headed to the bathroom towards the back of the house. As I crossed the room to the hallway, I looked directly at Garrett, and left the crowded room. 

In the bathroom, I quickly checked my makeup and hair. Looking in the mirror I silently asked myself what in the hell I thought I was doing. A light knock sounded on the door. I bit my lip and let Garrett in.

"Hey." he said as he locked the door behind him.

"Hey." I lifted my arms and placed them around his neck. Our mouths met in our first kiss. He was a very good kisser. One hand held me close as his other found its way under the skirt of my dress, sliding up to the apex of my thighs.

His mouth pulled slightly away from mine. "Seriously? No panties?"

I grinned up at him. "All night I've been ten feet away from you with no panties on."

"Do you know how fucking hot that is, girlie?" His fingers found my clit. He rubbed it firmly with his thumb as he inserted two fingers inside my dripping wet puss. His mouth found my neck, nibbling lightly. 

My hand found its way down to the front of his slacks, rubbing his hard erection through the cloth. I unfastened his pants and pulled his cock out. Looking down, I smiled. "I want you inside me, Garrett."

His hands immediately grabbed my hips and he lifted me onto the counter-top. Spreading my thighs, he quickly stepped between them. 

I moved the top of my dress to the side, exposing my breasts. I played with my nipples and watched his eyes dilate as he grasped his cock and stroked it. He stepped closer and slowly inserted his dick into my waiting puss.

I wrapped my legs around his thrusting hips. "Oh, yes, you feel so good. Fuck me, Garrett."

His cock rammed deeper inside me. Harder. Faster. He groaned as he watched me playing with my breasts. His hands dug into my hips, pulling me into his thrusts. Faster and faster he moved as he sought that release. "Oh, fuck, yeah. Your pussy feels so good, babe. I'm gonna cum."

I felt that sweet friction inside me, his cock thrusting so deep. I felt it throb as he shot his hot load of cum inside me. It felt so good. I arched my back as my own release washed over me. "Ohhh, yesss." I moaned.

Our breathing was erratic as we quickly washed up and straightened our clothing. I giggled a little as I thought about what we had just done. 

He quickly kissed me on the mouth. "We have to do this again. But no one can know."

I looked up at him and rolled my eyes. "No kidding. It's our little secret." 

He gave me one last grin and slipped out of the bathroom.

I fixed my makeup and made sure I didn't look like I had just been fucked in the bathroom. I shook my head, took a deep breath, and rejoined the party.