 It was late, he was tired, and he still had another hour or so to drive before he got home, assuming the roads weren't flooded out. But when he saw the car by the side of the road, and the woman standing there, completely soaked by the rain, he had to stop and ask if he could help. 

She smiled at him gratefully, "You know, you're the first person who stopped," she said. She suddenly giggled and added, "I didn't think I looked that scary!"

He took the opportunity to really look at her; dark brown eyes brimming with laughter, café au lait skin, dark hair plastered against her face. His eyes took in her body, as well; her sodden white t-shirt clinging lovingly to her full breasts, dark pink nipples thrusting against the now translucent fabric. Her cotton skirt stuck to her hips and legs. She coughed and he brought his eyes back to her face; he was blushing, and he sensed she was, too. He said the first thing that popped into his head, "Well, how do you know I'm not a serial killer?"

He felt and saw her recoil, and could've kicked himself for his stupidity. He was about to tell her he was just kidding, when she said "I don't think you'll hurt me. I don't see it in your eyes..." 

They looked at each for a few silent moments. He opened the car door, "Get in already." She grabbed her bags, tossed them in the backseat and sat beside him.

"Where am I anyways?" she asked him. 

He laughed, "in the middle of nowhere." 

She looked at him, "Well, d'oh, I knew that!" They both laughed. Once they started talking, the conversation was light and easy, it was like they'd known each other forever. 

She began to shiver. "H-h-how far to the n-nearest t-town?" 

He looked at her, concerned. "Not for another half hour." She cursed softly. He asked her if she had a change of clothing, and when she nodded, he told her she should change. She looked at the back seat, there was no room for her to change there, as it was filled with her bags and his. 

He said quietly, "I won't look, scout's honor." 

She teased, "Yes, but were you ever really a scout?" 

He laughed, "Damn!" 

She shivered again, and asked him to stop the car so she could rummage through her bags for a change of clothes. He parked by the side of the road, and she pulled out from her a bag a t-shirt, a sweater and another cotton skirt. Blushing slightly, she also pulled out a pair of tiny pink panties.

He turned his head, and realized that he could see her reflected in the window. He watched her pull off the t-shirt, her breasts bouncing slightly when her arms went above her head. She dried herself off quickly but thoroughly before she donned the sweater. He told himself he really should close his eyes, but he was mesmerized by the sight of her. He felt himself harden in his jeans, and hoped she wouldn't notice.

She reached under her skirt, and pulled of her panties, then realized she couldn't put on the dry panties without her wet skirt soaking them, too. She glanced at him, and satisfied that he wasn't looking, she pulled off her skirt. He bit back a groan; she was sitting there, a foot away from him, naked from the waist down, drying herself. He was hard as a rock.

Before pulling on her panties, she glanced at him again, smiling appreciatively at his profile, and thinking "Damn, he's cute." 

She looked at his arms, his hands on the wheel and quickly glanced down at his crotch, immediately noticing the sizeable bulge in his pants. An involuntary cry escaped her. He turned in reaction, "what's wrong?" and she covered herself with her skirt. 

She squealed, "I'm not dressed yet!" 

Blushing furiously, he turned away. He heard her dressing quickly, and then heard her break into giggles. 

He said, "Aren't you done yet? My neck's getting stiff." She went off into peals of laughter. He looked at her, "What? Why are you laughing?" 

She gestured in the direction of his crotch and said, "That isn't your neck!" He felt himself turning an even deeper red, but then he started laughing as well. 

Looking directly into her eyes, he said, "I'm not going to apologize for a normal reaction to having a sexy naked woman in my car. And..." She met his gaze, raising an eyebrow. "I could ask why you were looking at my crotch..." It was her turn to blush, and she quickly changed the subject. He let her, smiling at her wickedly to let her know he wasn't fooled for a minute.

Looking out the window, she frowned, "the rain's not letting up at all." He turned the radio on, and both of them listened with concern as they heard that some of the roads were now impassable. He realized he wouldn't be able to make it home that night. 

He told her that he was going to stop in the next town and stay the night. She nodded, "it does seem the wisest thing to do." Her heart was beating fast; she knew he was attracted to her (a tiny smile played across her lips as she remembered the evidence of that) and she was extremely attracted to him.

They reached the next town, and pulled up in front of the only motel. They ran in together, and were told by the desk clerk "Well, aren't you two lucky! You get the last room." 

He looked at her, and she smiled, "Sign in for us, honey." She took the key from the clerk, and they both went to get their bags from the car. They walked to the room, each giving the other surreptitious glances. 

Before they entered, he looked at her, "Are you sure about this?" She smiled and thought about teasing him and saying, "What, sharing a room? Where else would I stay?" But the time for playing hard to get had passed. She dropped her bags on the floor, cupped his face in her hands, and pressed a soft kiss upon his lips, before gently sucking on his lower lip. He dropped his bags and grabbed her, pulling her close to him, aggressively thrusting his tongue into her mouth. She moaned, her hands urgently caressing his back. She tugged him into the room, both of them quickly grabbing their bags and tossing them anywhere.

He kicked the door shut, and they both began tearing off their clothes. When they were naked, he grabbed her and threw her on the bed, jumping on it after her. She was giggling helplessly, but he soon stopped that by kissing her hard. She pressed herself against him, releasing a soft cry of pleasure as her naked skin touched his. She was so hot, and she felt his erection pressed against her thigh.

He pulled back to look at her, smiled as he saw her bare pussy, and slowly ran his finger over the already pouting lips. She hissed with pleasure, arching her hips toward his hand. He teased her, rubbing slow circles around her sensitive mound, just grazing her pussy lips. She moaned, parted her legs wide, and thrusts her hips at him impatiently. He softly laughed and told her, "We have one night, my lady. I'm going to use every minute of it, and I won't be rushed." 

She looked at him, dark brown eyes dazed with passion, and smiled wickedly, reaching out to caress his throbbing cock. "Oh you won't, huh?" she teased, her hand slowly stroking his hardness. He groaned and with great effort, restrained himself from pumping into her hand. She closed her fingers around him, pulling on his cock more firmly. She whispered, "I want you in my mouth." 

He slid his finger inside her pussy, and groaned as her tight wetness clutched at him. He pumped his finger in and out of her, and smiled when she squealed with pleasure, abruptly releasing his cock from her grasp. He gradually pulled his finger out and slipped it into his mouth. "Sweet as honey," he said.

He switched positions and lay on his side, his face in front of her pussy. He could smell her arousal and could see the juices beginning to glisten on her puffy lips. She moved her head so her mouth grazed the tip of his cock. Her tongue snaked out to lick the head. Unable to restrain himself, he buried his face in her wetness, his tongue plunging deep inside of her. He felt her moan against his cock and he closed his eyes when her hot mouth surround him and took him in. He felt his length steadily being enveloped by her soft mouth, and he groaned against her pussy when her mouth tightened around him. Her hands caressed his hips, then pulled him closer, his cock sinking deeper into her. He moved his mouth to her clit, licking it lightly, feeling it emerge from its hood. He closed his lips around it, sucking lightly, his tongue flicking against it. She thrust her hips up, grinding her sex against his face, her moans vibrating along his shaft.

Both of them took their time, tongues sliding around each other's flesh, hands caressing and teasing, until their nerve endings were quivering. Pre-cum coated his cock, and she carefully licked it cleans, her tongue probing the tiny eye at the tip of his cock to make sure she got every drop. Her tongue licked around the sensitive area where the head met the shaft, before slipping downward over his length to find his ballsac. Her tongue traced tiny circles on the soft skin, before she sucked his balls into her mouth, one at a time.

He slid one finger deep into her wetness, felt her hips jerk hard, and her moans tremble around his balls. He quickly slid in a second finger, pumping both in and out in a slow, steady rhythm. Her hips began to move in quick, tight circles. Juices flowed from her pussy, and he put his tongue out to catch them and drink from her. She was sweet and salty and so delicious. His fingers moved repeatedly, her tight velvet walls gripping them.

She began to move uncontrollably, her mouth moving back up to his cock, her tongue swirling, caressing the veins that throbbed through its length, her hot wet mouth slurping noisily on his length, taking it deep into her mouth and throat as he pumped his hips hard. His balls were tight and high, filled with his hot, sticky cum. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer.

Her head moved against him furiously, mouth sucking harder, faster, tilting her head slightly so he could fuck every single part of her mouth. The soft tissues of her mouth and throat caressed his length, one hand cupped his balls and gently squeezed, while the other fondled his taut ass and pulled him even deeper into her mouth.

He thrusts his fingers into her in an ever faster rhythm and he could hear her juicy pussy making lewd wet sounds. He felt it tighten around his fingers, and he sucked harder on her clit, nibbling at it, teeth lightly grazing him. He felt her body stiffen and then she exploded into a series of tiny contractions, her pussy flooding his face with her sweet juices, hips jerking, bucking wildly against his mouth and fingers.

He let himself go then, releasing jet after jet of thick white seed into her mouth, thrusting his hips hard into her, he felt her tongue licking him, urging him on. His orgasm seemed to go on forever, streams of hot cum filling her mouth and throat. She swallowed greedily, but some of it still escaped her, trickling out of the side of her mouth.

She let his now softening cock out of her mouth, giving it a tiny kiss. He fell back on the bed, eyes closed, breathing hard, his face coated with her juices. He felt the bed move as she shifted position, opened his eyes and smiled at her flushed and happy face, his cum on her lips and at the side of her mouth. He pulled her to him and they kissed, tasting each other, their sweat soaked bodies melding in a hot embrace. He whispered, "and that was just round one..."