 Straight out of college, I had spent several years working at a large site of an even bigger company. There were over a thousand employees on site, spread out over several buildings on the campus. With so many people on-site, no one could possibly know everyone. However, since this particularly industry trended towards introverted, middle-aged men, it was natural that any female employees who were young and attractive would be noticed and known by a lot more people than the norm.

When I started there, I had a female boss who had a 'progressive' hiring history and a department with fairly high turnover. That meant that my department was one of the few, outside support functions like HR and Communications, that had achieved gender equality.

Since the company was so large, it was cliquey, and you tended to have your 'work friends' that you hung out with. I was lucky enough to fall in with a coed group of ten or twelve other young employees who would go out for lunch, hang out at each other's cubicles, go out for happy hour, etc. 

Also in that group were two twenty-something, attractive women who not only were in my department but also co-located. Once sat across from me and other next to me. I quickly learned that having two of the most attractive women on campus in my aisle meant that we were constantly interrupted by lurking men who needed their fill of eye candy and flirtatious interactions each day. Both girls were a little naive as to why half of campus came by to say hello every day, so they took it in good nature.

Like most young twenty-something professionals, over the years most of the clique left the company and lost touch. I was one of the first, moving several states away to follow my girlfriend's career. I knew one of the girls had also left, getting engaged and following her fiance across the country.

The other girl; however, was a local who was probably a lifer at the company. Shannon had started there upon graduating from college with some sort of arts degree, and had moved departments a couple times. I knew that her father was friends with an executive, which was how she had gotten a job. However, she wasn't unqualified, she was hardworking and diligent. She just didn't have any ambition. I guess she was just a very introverted person who didn't judge her happiness and success by her career.

Shannon was even cliche 'mousy' in her looks. Long brown hair and 'cute' face that were all very 'girl next door'. As I said, she was shy, but warmed up once you got to know her. Her dress at work was very conservative, but we had been in enough situations (beaches, sports, bars) that I knew that her body was decent, but not extraordinary.

As I had a girlfriend the entire time I worked at the company, anything more than a platonic friendship had not crossed my mind. Well, not any more than any twenty-something guy considers any woman he meets. If anything, I found the other girl, a bubbly Puerto Rican with dangerous curves, more of a target. Her short skirt-wearing legs had gotten me through many a boring afternoon.

Fast-forward five years, and I was headed back to the area for a week on business. I decided to try and meet up with my old friends. A week before I was due to arrive I called up Shannon first, knowing from the Internet that she still worked there. She was surprised at my call, and we spent a while catching up. I had broken up with my girlfriend the previous year, and took a job with a lot of travel to decide where I wanted to go next. She was still there, in almost the same job. A couple boyfriends had come and gone, none too serious. Most of the clique had left the company or drifted away as marriage, kids, and new work responsibilities took hold. She did agree to try and round up whoever was left for drinks and dinner.

The next week was extremely busy getting ready for my trip. The next time I had contact with Shannon was when I landed, texting her to let her know. She responded with a generic 'ok'. I liked to fly out on Sunday afternoon. It let me get my bearings, work out, and arrive Monday morning on-site ready to work. Knowing I was going to have Monday night with friends kept me in a chipper mood all day. We had agreed to meet at a chain restaurant a few doors down from my hotel. I let Shannon know I would be there around 6:00, and went back to work for a couple more hours.

It was a few minutes after six when I rolled into the parking lot. I looked for familiar cars, but didn't see any. I chalked that up to the majority of a decade passing, and headed in. The restaurant had opened after I had left the area, so after getting my bearings, I headed towards the bar, looking for familiar faces. 

Two laps of the restaurant later, I had failed to find a single one. Confused, I checked in again with the hostess and bartender, who had no information for me. Confused and a little bit sullen, I parked myself at the bar, drink in hand.

Fifteen minutes later, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned, hoping it was finally someone I knew. It was Shannon, and she looked fantastic! Some women needed a little time to age into their looks, and that was definitely true for her. Her straight, boring hair was gone, now it was styled and cut shoulder-length. Her body was toned and tan, and whatever extra fat she had carried was gone. Even her wardrobe seemed more polished than I remembered. Gone were boring slacks and sweaters. Her black skirt was knee length, paired with heels to frame her calves. On top was a matching black suit-coat covering a pink camisole. All in all, very professional and very hot.

The look on her face; however, was a mix of fear and excitement. We quickly hugged and started catching up. She apologized for being late, and then took a deep breath.

"I'm sorry, I think no one else is coming. Everyone is so busy and..."

I jumped in to interrupt, my feelings hurt but not wanting to burden her.

"It's okay. I might be out here again soon. So how are you?"

We spent the next hour or so catching up and trading stories on what had happened in the last almost-decade. We moved from the bar to a booth and back to the bar. By this time, the drinks had been flowing for several hours, and the conversations had turned to current and former intra-office relationships. She admitted dating one of our coworkers who had crushed on her for years, but admitted it was more out of pity than anything.

Finally she blurted out again: "I'm sorry no one else made it. I..."

"Shannon, it's okay. It's been great being able to catch up with you." I reached out and patted her bare knee, not thinking. I was a little drunk and my hand was doing its own thing.

Her blush and silence at my statement reminded me more of the old Shannon more than anything else had so far. She bit her lip shyly, eyes not rising to meet mine.

She blurted out "I need to go to the bathroom" and hurried away. As she wandered away, I noticed how tight her skirt was over her lovely ass. What I didn't notice was a panty line.

Now, when I worked with her, Shannon was notorious for her panty lines. Our dress code was fairly casual, so she wore a lot of tight, stretchy pants. Not the yoga pants of today, but something tight enough that her little bubble butt and full-bottom underwear left noticeable panty lines. I distinctly remember another member of our clique complaining about those panty lines for a long stretch one drunken night a decade ago. As I said, 'old' Shannon was quiet and conservative in her dress. It appeared 'new' Shannon may not have the same hangups.

Shannon returned as I was contemplating that point. She sat back down, daintily keeping her legs closed. I chuckled to myself.

I noticed she was sitting very poised now, shoulders back, chest out. She even flipped her hair and let her knee touch mine. Was she sending me signals? I decided to push my luck and find out.

"Shannon, I didn't tell you when you came in but you look fantastic."

I caught her sipping her drink, and she paused before demurely responding "Thank you".

"I mean it. You were always cute, but you seemed to hide it."

She seemed to not like the word 'cute', so I doubled down before she could respond.

"Now you just look sophisticated and hot."

This earned me another blush, but she couldn't escape this one with a trip to the bathroom.

I leaned in closer, going for broke.

"Is this the new and improved Shannon, or is this just for me?"

She looked at like she was caught doing something wrong. I guess it was just for me, but she didn't want to reveal that.

Running out of words to say, I leaned in and kissed her. Her mouth froze at my first touch, but turned to meet me in a long, sensual kiss.

"It's okay. Your secret is safe with me. I can see you have made some changes."

"Like what" she asked dreamily.

"Well, your hair." I kissed her again.

"Your shoes." Another kiss.

"Your skirt." Another kiss.

"Your thong". I went for broke after that, not breaking our kiss as my hand rode the outside of her thigh, not stopping as it slipped under her skirt. I quickly snaked it up all the way up her thigh until I passed the point where 'thigh' became 'ass'. I grasped her cheek, acknowledging that her choice of undergarments did not prevent me from doing so.

I felt her tense a little bit when I did so, but also noted she didn't stop kissing me or push my away. I ran my hand up her and down her thigh a couple more times before breaking our kiss.

I patted her knee as I whispered into her ear:

"I think that's far enough for a restaurant. My hotel is two doors away."

I could see her whole body tense up, and she began to instinctively bite her lip in contemplation. I stroked her leg a couple times, and then decided that she needed me to decide for her.

I stood up, threw more than enough money to cover our bill on the bar, and grabbed her hand. My touch again seemed to make up her mind, so she grabbed her purse and we headed for the door.

It was a bit of an awkward silence as we walked hand-in-hand through the parking lots to my hotel. Unfortunately, it was late enough that only the front door was open, so I paraded her through the lobby like a trophy, earning me a grin from the front door clerk.

In the elevator, privacy increasing, I pulled Shannon closed to me again, resuming our lip-lock. Her tension seemed to melt, and she fell against me. The hotel was only three floors high, so there wasn't time for much more before the doors opened.

We walked hand-in-hand again to my door. I found the key, inserted it, and held the door for her.

Like most people, she inspected my room on the way in. It was a standard hotel room, nothing spectacular, but Shannon stood there in the entryway, looking around. I slipped past her, my rapidly-hardening cock brushing against her ass as I did. I emptied my pockets on the desk and then looked back at her.

She still stood there in the entryway, clutching her purse, tentative. I think actually being in my room was giving her second thoughts. I walked back over to her and stood in front of her, mirroring her body posture. I took the purse from her hands and tossed it on the bed. Her hands immediately re-clasped, her eyes shyly watching me. I kicked off my shoes, and motioned for her to do the same. 

She did so, steadying herself on my hand as she did. Time and the heels had made me forget how short she was. I stood a hair over six feet, while Shannon was only a couple inches above five. With her heels gone, I now towered over her.

Continuing to lead the dance, I stepped behind her, and touched her wrists and her neck, indicating I was going to remove her jacket. She allowed me to do so, exposing her bare shoulders and neck. I stepped back and hung the jacket in my closet.

She hadn't turned to watch me, and now without the business jacket projecting 'professional', I noticed how innocent she looked. I wondered to myself if she had ever gone home with a guy before.

Moving up behind her, I stroked my hand across the back of her hair, lifting it so I could kiss her shoulders and neck. I heard her exhale a little 'coo', appreciative of what I was doing. I slid closer to her as I did, my arm snaking around her abdomen, pulling myself tight against her, letting her feel my warmth but also my dick against her back.

We stayed that way for a few moments, and I felt her warming to my touch. My arm moved from her stomach to her arm, and I lightly pulled her hand, turning her around to face me.

I leaned down and kissed her again, my hand moving to the small of her back and with a light grasp, her body was trapped between my hand and my body. I could feel her breasts through the camisole. She would have been lucky to be a 'B' cup, so I doubted she wore a bra tonight. I knew she had to feel my rock-hard cock pressed between us. My free hand pulled her arm up around my neck, and she followed with her other arm, hugging my neck as my hands began to roam her body.

As we kissed I found there wasn't much to the lacy, pink top, and my hands roamed her bare arms and shoulders, as well as her sides and back. I also confirmed she definitely wasn't wearing a bra, though the camisole had some type of support built in. My hands also roamed south to her skirt, although she was so short I couldn't reach the bottom of it at her knees without bending down myself.

Satisfied with my search, I began to work my hands up under her camisole. Her skin was smooth and cool to the touch as I slowly raised the frilly shirt. Finally it caught on the support under her breasts, and I broke our kiss in order to lift it up.

Breaking our kiss seemed to break her from a trance, and I felt her trying to fight her urge to resist my advance. I waited a second to see if she would resist, but her arms lifted instead, and I plucked the camisole up and off her body, throwing it off in a corner.

Her pink top gone, I stood at arm's length, admiring her now-exposed body. Her arms naturally went back to wrap around herself, but I took her hands, holding them down at her sides so I could admire her body.

Shannon was naturally pale, but she had obviously gone tanning (it was still Spring, so natural sun wasn't an option). She had tanned in a tube top or bikini, not topless, so while the rest of her visible body was tan, her breasts her pale white. Given everything I knew, I wasn't surprised she was unable to remove her top in a tanning bed.

Her skin was lightly freckled, something I hadn't noticed before. Her breasts were small but perky, likely a small B. What was a surprise was her large, puffy areolae. They looked to be 2" in diameter, and her nipples stood our proudly from them. They were so large I was surprised that I had never seem them 'at attention' before. I guess that despite their size, Shannon always wore a serious bra to hide them.

Hiding them from me was no longer an option, so as I leaned back in to kiss her left cheek, I was fully planning on heading south. My hands moved to my own shirt, quickly working through the buttons as my lips traced a path from her cheek, to her jawline, and off onto her neck.

She was definitely responding to my touch, and I could almost feel her relax as my lips gently caressed her neck, and then her shoulder.

My hands has finished with my own buttons, and I pulled my shirt off now, my lips not leaving her shoulder. I grasped her hands again and put them on my chest. She tentatively stroked me, but was more focused on what I was doing, which was now kissing a path from her shoulder directly towards her left breast.

Our difference in height came in to play now, and I almost had to kneel to get down to her succulent little morsel. I kissed around her breast, my hands stroking her bare back and sides as I slowly circled my prey.

Finally I let my lips brush her nipple and felt Shannon start. My right hand came up to cup her little mammary as I lightly ran my lips and tongue around her nipple. Just as I would have had to accelerate to full sucking, I swept my head to the left, trailing kisses across her breastbone to her right breast. I followed the pattern there, and when I was done covering her breast in my touch, I kissed back up her body to her lips again.

Her lips were more than ready for me, and she kissed me forcefully now, clearly ready to escalate our foreplay. Rubbing our bare chests together, my hands focused on her waistline. Tracing trails across her lean, trim stomach and sides, I searched for the zipper to her skirt. Finding it on her right side, I slowly unzipped it, and when the zipper bottomed out, my hands slipped inside the skirt and over her ass, pushing the skirt down. It fell to the floor in a heap, temporarily trapping Shannon's feet. 

My hands took this opportunity to roam Shannon's ass. Now, five years ago, Shannon's ass was her best feature. As I said, she didn't work out incessantly, so her legs didn't have the definition. A small B-cup wasn't a great asset either. But her perky, bubble butt was definitely a great feature. I think that was why the panty lines were so frustrating. It was a mark of imperfection that took away from the masterpiece that followed her everywhere.

Now, whatever Shannon had done different, it was working, and her ass had gone from great to fantastic. My hands agreed with my visual assessment, roaming all over her ass, thighs, and abdomen as we stood there kissing.

After my move in the restaurant had confirmed her lack of a full-bottom panty, I was interested in what did lie under there. So interested that I broke our kiss long enough to step back and see.

The thong was hot pink and lacy, and if I could have found the camisole to compare, I was pretty sure they were a match. I made eye contact with Shannon again, who was a little bit confused as to why I had broken our kiss. I smiled to let her know everything was fine, and she smiled back. I leaned back in to kiss her, whispering:

"I was just checking out the entire package. It looks delicious."

My compliment seemed to increase her commitment, and our lips locked again for another deep kiss. 

Satisfied with the visual I had captured, my hands began to roam with a goal of escalation. They quickly found my shy former coworker's ass, and cupped that fantastic feminine feature, kneading her flesh deeply, feeling the taut muscle underneath. I savored the feeling, knowing how many times I had watched Shannon walk away, my eyes locked on these muscles.

I could tell Shannon was becoming uncomfortable with my single-minded focus, so I decided to take us in another direction, literally.

My hands slipped down, and instead of caressing, they grasped her thighs, lifting Shannon up so suddenly she gasped, breaking our kiss, and wrapped her arms around me. Her smaller body hanging off me, I turned and set her on the edge of my bed. 

Now my height advantage was accentuated further as I leaned down to kiss my brunette workmate as I unbuttoned my pants and removed them. As I pushed off my shoes, I leaned forward and pushed Shannon back, laying her on her back, my body half on top of her, our bare chests pressed together.

My mouth found its way back to her left nipple, the nearer of the two, as my left hand found her right. My tongue and fingers worked in concert, attempting to suck all of one giant areola inside my mouth while my fingers pinched and massage the other. Shannon moaned and writhed a little, her body surprised with the increase in stimulation.

I rose up, and quickly switched nipples with my mouth, devouring the right nipple that my fingers had left puffy and swollen. Shannon gasped audibly this time as I grayed the line between 'suck' and 'bite'. It was the perfect distraction from my left hand, which was quickly slipping between her panties and her crotch to see what it could find.
