 It was hot. It was late. Everyone in the house was asleep but her. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't talk herself into going to sleep. She got up. She put on that flannel shirt that only seemed to have one button that fastened near her belly button. She had it hidden in the bottom of the dresser and only put it on when she wanted to feel sexy. A boy she knew in high school had left it under her bed one day when he had to make a quick exit out of the window before her Mom caught them. She had cut off the sleeves because they were too long. It brought her mind back to a time when sex was fun, and carefree. Her husband hadn't touched her in a month because of the usual reasons, too tired or too much to drink or both.

She slipped into some flip-flops and made her way downstairs. She grabbed a diet coke out of the fridge and stepped out on to the back porch. It was cooler there. She longed to be free of this, this life that felt like a prison sometimes. She thought of taking a drive, so she grabbed the keys off the shelf, and got into the car. No matter that she only had on a flannel shirt and flip-flops she thought, it was 2 a.m., who would notice? She started the car, and backed it out of the garage and headed for the hills. She turned on the fan full blast, and aimed one vent toward her nipples and the other at her pussy. The air felt sensual against her skin, and made her aroused. As she made her way to the turn off to Poudre Canyon, she thought maybe she would have to pull over and finish herself off as the stream of air had made her very horny. 

She laughed to herself at the thought of how long that would take....maybe two minutes once she touched herself?

She was lost in the mood of being aroused for so long as she made the turns up the canyon. The air from the vents felt cooler now, as she got further up the pass. In her state of mind, she failed to notice how fast she was going as she rounded a curve and saw the car. "God, I hope that is not a cop" she thought as she slowed her car down with a touch of the brakes. The car turned on its lights and pulled on to the road behind her. She knew she was had the moment the flashing lights appeared in the rear view mirror. It must have been an unmarked police car, because the flashing light was on the dash. The sense of arousal quickly turned to panic as she looked for a place to pull over. All she could see was the guardrail and the canyon wall. Suddenly she noticed the dirt road, and she pulled into it. In her haste, she thought maybe she went too far down the road before coming to a stop. She hoped the cop wasn't pissed for taking too long to stop. She reached for the glove box and cursed the fact she had taken the extra blanket out of the back seat to wash it just last week. She wondered what the cop would do when he found her with practically no clothes on and no license.

She rolled down the window as the cop approached with his flashlight. 

He said, "I need to see your license and ......."

He stopped short as his brain started to realize what his eyes were seeing. She turned to face him, but all she could see was the flashlight and his crotch. He took the registration and said he would be right back.

"Was there a bulge in his pants?" she asked herself.

She thought of what she was going to say as he approached the car again. 

"You'll have to step out of the car and put your hands on the hood" he said. 

He grabbed the door handle and helped her out. The flashlight blinded her as she stepped out of the car on to the gravel road. The air was cooler here, but not that cool she thought. She put her hands on the hood as he looked in the car with his flashlight. It stopped on her seat as he noticed the fresh cum that had dripped out of her. He stepped back behind her, as her breathing got shallow. 

She said impatiently, "Are you going to search me?" 

Curiously, he answered, "If you want me to?"

She could feel his breath on her neck as he stepped closer. She could smell his after-shave, and then his hands touched her hair as she stopped breathing for what seemed like an hour. His hands made their way down her shoulders, and across her sides, and then down to her butt. The fingers slowly made their way up under her shirt, touching her back very slightly. His fingers cupped each breast, as he moved in closer. There was no mistaken the bulge in his pants now as each hand began to play with a nipple. Gradually, his right hand made its way down her stomach and touched her thigh. Instinctively, she moved her legs apart a little bit, as his fingers found her vulva. She gasped as his fingers made their way up one side of her pussy lips, and down the other. His fingers found her clit and started to rub, ever so slightly. 

She barely could talk as she said something like, "Have you found what you're looking for?"

"Not yet" he said as he pushed one, then another finger inside her. 

He started to move them in and out as the other hand tugged a little harder on a nipple. She started to moan, as it felt so good to be touched again.

She suddenly could not take it anymore, and turned around and put her arms around his neck and kissed him hard. His hands were all over her now, touching her, as she hadn't been touched in a long time! Each of their tongues and lips met, and they kissed each other with passion. Her hands worked hard as she tore off the buttons on his shirt, pulling it out of his pants. The belt buckle and zipper seemed caught on the huge bulge that she was dying to get her hands, and then her mouth on. She got on her knees as her hands pulled on his balls as she took all of him deep into her throat. He began to moan as he enjoyed the pleasure she was giving him. She tasted some pre-cum and thought he was about to explode in her mouth when suddenly he grabbed her under her arms and practically threw her on to the hood of the car. He quickly buried his face between her legs as his tongue found its way inside her now very warm and very wet pussy. She enjoyed the pleasure he was giving her in return as she leaned back against the warm hood of the car. She started to feel the orgasm as she rose up and grabbed him by his ears. Their lips met each other, as she tasted the sex from each other as he shoved his stiff, hard cock inside her. They both made love to each other so hard she thought the hood would have a dent in it the next morning. Suddenly, her knees began to shake, and her pussy began to quiver. The surge of adrenalin shot up her whole body as the orgasm overtook her senses. She cried out as the waves of pleasure seemed to pass over her body as the orgasm continued. 

He stopped and kissed her on the neck as she panted and cried. Then he kissed her hard, and made her roll over as he mounted her again. She reached up and grabbed the hood of the car just below the window. Her face made an imprint on the windshield as he pounded her harder with each stroke. He seemed to know just how to work her as his cock found her G-spot and the pleasure began to well up inside her again. She was already groaning and panting when the next wave of an orgasm hit her. She couldn't believe it as it seemed to last longer then the last one.

Suddenly, she felt his finger as it began to probe her anus. She couldn't believe it, but it felt like he was putting something on his finger each time it entered her. Gently at first, then deeper and deeper. 

She thought to herself, "If I'm going to get fucked on the side of the road by a cop, he might as well use all of me!" 

His probing continued as he continued to fuck her pussy. The pleasure she got seemed different, new, and even exciting. She did not want it to stop. She felt him stop fucking her, and then he put the head of his cock against her butt. She felt him slide gently inside her butt hole, and then she felt his fingers on her clit. It aroused her again as his thrusts gradually got stronger. She wished the full, thick cock that gave her pussy so much pleasure wasn't quite as big as before, but she shifted her weight, relaxed, and enjoyed this new felt pleasure. He suddenly gasped, and she felt his cock begin to pulsate. She knew he was cumming inside her and she almost wished she had her mouth around his cock so she could taste the warm, hot cum going down her throat. He shook for a while and then lay on top of her as his breathing got slower.

He pulled himself out of her and stepped down on the ground. She lay there helplessly, unable to move as he walked away. She wondered who would find her sprawled out on the top of the hood of the car like this. She then heard his footsteps coming closer to her. She looked up to see his smile as he gently helped her off the hood and on to the ground. He handed her some towellets as he wiped cum off the hood. 

She thought to herself, "That must be a guy thing???" and smiled at him. 

He grabbed her by the arm and kissed her hard as she put her arms around his neck. 

After a long kiss, she looked at him, and asked, "Well, am I going to get a ticket?"

He laughed, and grabbed her butt and then slid his arm around her as he walked her back to her door. He kissed her and held her in his arms for the longest time. He loved the smell of her hair, and had thoughts to himself that he will still smell her hair, her perfume, and taste her skin each time he took a breath today. 

The cop said to her, "You better get back before someone misses you!" 

He wiped a tear from her face as she kissed him again. He helped her into the seat, and shut the door behind her. He leaned in and kissed her, and touched her hair one last time. 

The cop looked at her, smiled, and said, "Drive safe and slow babe, I wouldn't want you to get stopped for speeding!"