 Gayle didn't live a sheltered life, but a modest one. She was a good girl all through High School, and even stayed a virgin in college with her first boyfriend at 18. That doesn't mean she didn't do things to please her guy. She adored the feel of his hardening cock in her hand, and would open her legs wide for his exploring fingers. They diddled each other into sweet teen bliss for weeks. The first time she bent down to take that turgid tool between her lips, she wasn't sure what to expect, but she soon learned she loved a thick long cock in her mouth, and the moans of her boyfriend drove her on.

But sweet Gayle stayed a virgin all the way to her wedding night, a hard task for a 24 year old woman. Her High School sweetheart was long gone, but she had met David Stevens, a sweet man who adored her and always put her first. Finally she gave it all to him, all of her being, all of her love. David wasn't as big as the few guys in her past, but since they had never been inside her love canal, she didn't seem to care. She loved her husband and all that he gave her.

As the years went by, things slowed down and people fall into ruts. Gayle was happy and she thought their amorous life was enough, but David wanted more, more from her and more from himself. He thought she was the sexiest woman on earth and deserved all he could do to make her happy. He bought toys, dongs and dildos, always ever larger, always bigger than himself. He wanted to fill her, to stretch her and know that she was satisfied. 

"How is that?" He asked her as he slowly reamed out her stretched pussy with a jelly dong.

"It's OK." Gayle had her knees wide and her feet up on his shoulders as he knelt at the bed with an eyeful of her snatch. "Why does it have to be so big?"

"Don't you like it?" He didn't stop though and twisted the dong with each thrust inside of her. "Would you like it if it was real?"

Gayle was never sure how to answer those questions. Even when David introduced her to erotic fiction, he always seemed to share stories of wives with bigger men. She liked his pussy play and was getting used to the bigger sizes, but he seemed to want to share her, and she wasn't sure how she felt about that... not yet.

Denver in spring was the best time and place for shopping. And for a sleek bodied brunette like Gayle, everything looked good. She took a little sabbatical into the city for a few days in a very nice hotel every year. David happily made all the arrangements this year, making sure his wife got her usual suite. He seemed excited when she was ready to leave, and when Gayle went to the PC to see an ad her friend sent her, she found out why. She had opened email on David's side of the computer and there was an answer to an ad, an ad that David seemed to have made.

"Seduce my Wife," the heading said, and there was a long back and forth conversation of messages. Gayle's mouth dropped as she read them all. Her husband had sent pictures and he had even received some. She sat down, still in shock and a bit pissed, but looked at her prospective seducer. He was tall and dark, with sexy wavy hair on top, but still neat and.well trimmed "Probably Italian." she thought to herself. She scrolled down further and there it was. He had sent a nude photo. His cock was long as he held it next to a beer bottle as proof. "Probably David's idea" she said to herself, but a smile came across her lips as she thought about this hot stud wanting her. She was in shape and her boobs weren't big, but on her petite frame they filled the bill nicely. "A little flirting might be good for me." Gayle said out loud before before finishing her packing.

"Be sure and call me when you eat, baby, then I'll be home. Don't make me worry. And you should get your hair done, really take care of you." David told her excitedly.

"Um, OK. Thank you, sweety." Gayle kissed him before going to the waiting cab. "I will." 

The Crawford Hotel was as beautiful as ever after it's renovations. Gayle loved staying here because it was right in between Sakura Square and all its shops and the Museum of Art. The Oxford was just down the street, but it was more of a business hotel, and she didn't like the bar. The Crawfords bar was down a ramp and under the lobby and then had it's own elevator just outside its entrance. She checked in and let the boy take her bags as she took David's advice and got her hair done, just a light trim and soft curls to frame her slim neck. She felt pretty and was ready for shopping.

6 o'clock and David's credit card wasn't maxed, but it was a start and Gayle had some lovely things, some downright sexy. She freshened up in her room and got out one of her new dresses. It was gold and strapless with a high hemline that hugged just under her cheeks. "Panties wouldn't do with this one, but a thong..." She thought wickedly. With matching little sandals, she was ready to see her "Seducer". She called David, like he asked, and knew he was calling Matt the moment she hung up. 

Gayle didn't have to wait long. She was only halfway through her dinner when the tall stranger finally sat next to her where she ate at the bar. She just glanced over, but there was that dark wavy hair and he flashed her a perfect toothy smile. She started to get a little nervous knowing what was coming.

"Do you mind if I sit here?" He started with a deep baritone voice. Gayle looked past him at all the other empty seats he could have chose at the bar. He saw her examination and added coyly, "It's just that I notice you're eating and I was going to get dinner too, and... I hate to eat alone."

"Sure, I understand." She responded noncommittally, letting him play his game.

"I'm Matt by the way." He flashed his smile again and let his deep brown eyes wander down her body.

"Hi, Matt. I'm Gayle." She didn't offer it but he took her hand and kissed it.

Matt ate the chopped steak sandwich and bought drinks for the both of them. They chatted about the hotel and Denver in general, but he seemed to stay away from her family life. Gayle felt comfortable with him and told him all about her day and some of the sexy things she bought.

"Is that one of them?" He asked, indicating the short gold dress. "It's really stunning on you."

Gayle loved his compliments. He was being so charming and the wine was flowing, she had to remember this was a set up and was planning to just say goodnight to him in the end. Matt asked her to dance and that was innocent enough, so she followed him to the floor. It was a Friday night so there was already a crowd on the floor. Matt kept her in reach and always seemed to have a hand somewhere on her body. It encouraged Gayle to move ever more provocatively for him. She put her hands up in her blonde hair and gyrated her hips as she slowly turned away from him. Matt's eyes were glued to her hot tight ass, which is where she wanted them. She looked over her shoulder teasingly to him, with her head cast down so that her eyes peeked over her shoulder coyly. The taunting innocence of that look and the vulgar churning of her bottom pushed Matt to finally step forward and press himself against her.

Gayle felt his groin spooned to her and she began to grind dirtily into him. Matt followed and they did a rhythmic dry hump on the dance floor. She could feel his stiffening cock pressed to her, and remembered how big it looked in the picture. They got a few looks, but not many, until Matt playfully grabbed her blonde mane and theatrically smacked on her grinding ass. Gayle was a little shocked but reveled in the naughtiness of the spectacle. She turned around laughing and the tall Italian pulled her into him again. He had to bend down but he licked right up her jugular and then kissed it.

Things stopped, or just Matt did, but right then he was her world. "God, I want him." She thought.

"Sorry, that was a bit forward." He nearly had to shout.

She looked around and back to his face, a bit confused. "It's OK." She tried to assure him.

Still he took her hand and pulled her from the dance floor and back to their bar stools where things were a little quieter. He bought her a new glass of wine before he started.

"I can't do this." He began. He moved in closer and she was staring into his deep brown eyes. Gayle stayed quiet and let him tell her the whole scheme. "Your husband knows you're here and he sent me to seduce you." He started. Gayle knew the whole plan of course and right now she wasn't upset about it. She wanted him, but she let Matt continue. "You are so sexy. I don't think I could have you for just one night and I'm starting to think it's not right to trick you like this."

Gayle was speechless. He wasn't rejecting her, but she was so horny right now his speech was a bit frustrating so she decided to be honest too. "I knew" she simply confessed. Now it was Matt's turn to look confused.

"What?" He asked incredulously.

"I knew the whole plan. I found the emails," she paused and looked down to his crotch. "and liked what I saw." 

Matt's confused look turned into a grin but still he was apologetic. "Still, you shouldn't be tricked into anything." He took her by the elbow again. "Let me see you out of here."

She didn't argue with his gentlemanly attitude. Gayle was flattered that he thought of her feelings and not just her body. Finally outside the bar, they waited for the elevator.

"Again, I'm sorry," he began, "and if you decide on your own..."

The doors opened and Gayle threw her arms around his neck and a leg around his. She kissed him deeply, shutting him up. It was hard at first to throw herself at this tall hunk but soon he was lifting her up, his big hands cradling under her butt cheeks. They practically fell into the elevator, but she wouldn't let go. The hot blonde had decided what she wanted, and she wanted him. She punched at the buttons, hoping she hit her floor. She felt his hands roam her body and she pressed herself into his solid chest. He was just about to devour her throat when the doors finally opened on her floor.

"This is me." She said breathlessly. Before she could break away, her swarthy stud scooped her up into his strong arms. She felt little being carried like this, but she wrapped a hand around his neck and pulled herself into his throat, taking her turn to nibble. Finally at her suite, he put her down in the living room and they began their kissing and pawing all over again. She felt him move his hands up her body, slowly lifting her breasts and rubbing the nipples under his palms. Gayle gasped as he hit all the right buttons. His big hands went gently around her throat and he kissed her deeply while his fingers toyed with her earlobes. She felt his hands push down on her shoulders and she didn't resist.

On her knees for him, she looked up in the darkness and without direction reached for his buckle. She couldn't help but rub her hand along the bulge there, and once she opened the front of Matt's pants she eagerly reached in for his tool. It was a monster and it still wasn't hard. She had seen it in a picture but now it was warm and pulsing in her hands.

"You like it?" Matt asked in the moonlit darkness.

"How big is it?" She asked back.

"8 and a half inches" Matt responded quickly, as if asked often enough. "And it's nice and thick." He finished slowly.

Gayle began to stroke it; fondling it in her hands. She could feel it swell as she played with it. The throbbing of it getting stronger. She took both hands and ran them down the shaft, her face getting closer to it as she did so. The head perked up from the attention and the cock stood straight out. Matt stood stoically, letting her inspect and admire his package, not interrupting her awe until she actually asked...

"Can I suck it?" It sounded so sweet and a little timid.

"Just the head." He said teasingly, but she obliged.

Gayle stretched her lips to get that fat mushroom in her mouth without scraping it on her teeth. She took in just the bulbous head and closed down on it in a retreating kiss, like a girl with a big spherical sucker, opening again and again to let her lips drag on his sensitive cock flesh.

"Mmm," she moaned before licking now at its tip.

Matt had dropped his pants and stood with muscled legs spread. He reached for the blond top of her head and pulled her to him. "Suck it." He said simply, and pushed his dick through her stretched lips.

Gayle steadied herself with one hand on his hairy thigh and the other gripped at the base of his cock. Her eyes went wide as it hit the back of her throat, but she quickly remembered what to do; her first boyfriend was long and she had learned to deepthroat. She relaxed now and let it slip past her uvula and into her gullet.

"Oh baby." Matt responded with pleased encouragement as he felt it slip into her throat.

Gayle's muscles involuntarily swallowed over and over, trying to get the meat past her windpipe. This made the cock even harder, but she was forced to finally come up for air. She coughed a little but stroked the very wet shaft as she caught her breath and then took it back in to slurp it down once more. With loud slurping noises she took it to her throat again and the tall Italian wrapped a hand in her blonde tresses. He let her move back and forth on it, but her hair was held like reins in a masterful hand. She looked up at him and he smiled.

Matt took her hands and brought her up from the floor. He wrapped his long arms around her curvy body and slowly drew down her zipper. His mouth was on her throat as he slipped her out of the new dress. Gayle reached up to undo her bra but he smacked at her hands and whispered into her ear.

"I'm in charge of this."

She didn't know why but she liked that. Instead she wrapped her hands into his hair as he feasted on her neck. She felt his fingers run over the material, teasing her flesh underneath. His hands pressed them to her chest and then softly squeezed the ample mounds of flesh, until he finally slide the front clasp apart. He rubbed the newly exposed nipples with his palm, gently in circular motions. Gayle's legs involuntarily spread and her back arched, pressing herself towards him. Matt rewarded her lustful show by trailing down her throat and between her soft bosom. His hands held tight to her lower back as he suckeled the pink rosebud, and Gayle threw back her head and gave a deep sigh.

Matt's tongue danced for a while over her ripe breasts, her nipples engorged with the thrill of his play and the thought that he was a near stranger and not her husband. Matt suddenly turned her and she felt that stiff rod pressed to her cheeks and his hands holding her tits like ripe melons. His mouth was at her neck and she couldn't help but press back into him. He roamed her body with his fingers until her cupped her mound and lifted, with one finger pressing into the slit.

"You're very wet." He whispered the obvious in her ear.

Gayle just had time to purr before he pushed her face first into the bed. His hands gripped her ass and then his whole wrist slide up and down her slit and crack. She pushed back like a slut in heat for him.

"Do you want my cock?" He asked her as she blissfully gyrated against his forearm. "Do you want my cock?" He asked a little louder. "Tell me what this wet girl needs." His arm stopped but his fingers splayed open her dripping lips. "Do you need dick?"

Finally Gayle answered softly. "Yes, I want it inside me."

Matt smiled behind her and hefted his hard thick meat. "What do you want inside?"

"Your cock." She looked back now with an almost pleading look on her face. 

He pushed the thick head into her lips roughly and shoved half his cock in. Gayle's tight pussy already began to spasm around this thick intruder. All her life only her husband's much smaller cock had sheathed in her pussy.

"Do you like it?" He spoke clearly and a little loudly. Again he repeated it until she answered.

"Yes" Gayle barely got out and he rammed his thick meat inside her.

Gayle gave a loud gasp, but her thighs were pressed to the side of the mattress and Matt had her pinned from behind. Her pussy walls clenched again on him and her mouth hung open in silent cry as he began to pound into her. His hands held tight to her wonderfully rounded ass and he bucked his hips hard into her luscious pale thighs. Gayle's fists clenched the bed sheet as she finally put her face into the linen and cried out a deep orgasm. She had never been so filled. Her pussy had been her husband's alone and now it was being torn apart by this swarthy italian that showed no mercy. 

Matt looked down at her bouncing ass. The flesh would go forward on every hard thrust. His face was set and with gritted teeth he rammed at this sexy housewife. 'He would fuck her till she couldn't walk' He thought to himself. 'She needed a fucking, and deserved a fucking, and he would give it.' Her feet left the floor, so he wrapped his hands under her waist. She was like a doll being bounced on his groin. Gayle had bed sheet in her mouth, biting hard to keep from wailing. Matt could feel her cumming again so soon on his dick. He waited until she was deep within in her orgasm and he smacked her on the ass and plunged it home to bottom out in her love tunnel. His cock pumped it's hot seed into her. Her own orgasm intensified and he stood still over top of her feeling his cock being milked by her convulsing quim.

She felt so empty when he pulled out of her. Matt crawled up the bed while she still lay half on it.

"Up here, little girl." He said to her. Gayle looked and began to go forward on the bed. "Suck it."

She stopped and smiled. That cock had destroyed her pussy, but her mouth knew how to handle it.

"No hands." He seemed to reprimand as she reached for his still turgid staff.

Together they rolled to their sides and Matt pushed his dick through her lips. Gayle sucked it and tasted herself on it. Her cream covered him and it seemed frothy to her. She licked down its side and tongued the base.

"Clean it up, little girl." He commanded in his deep baritone.

Gayle smiled inside and obeyed, licking it from base to tip and suckling the slowly softening head until she felt his hands on her shoulders and she looked up at him. His fingers brushed aside blonde hair from her eyes and she nestled in closer, her leg wrapped around his and her still hot, messy pussy pressed to his shin. Her eyes went back down and stared at the piece of meat level to her face until finally she fell asleep.

The sun poured into the room and Matt, already with a morning hard-on rubbed her shoulder to wake her up. "Hey sleepy girl."

Gayle stirred from the crook of his arm where she must have moved up to in the night. "What time is it?"

"Morning! Now let's go shower." He popped from the bed and took her hand. "C'mon."

She let herself be tugged to the bathroom where they stood naked together in steamy watery bliss. Matt soaped her up and seemed to love getting under her slippery boobs. For her part she reached back and stroked his semi-erect cock. She couldn't get her fingers around it but Matt didn't seem to mind. Just as quickly he took her back to bed and laid her still dripping body down. He knelt down with her legs pushed back and pushed his face into her sore little pussy. His tongue was gentle though and he took his time. Gayle began to purr under his care. He lapped at her labia and pushed in a solitary finger, strumming the nerves of her spot. Gently he rubbed but vigorously he licked until she was panting her excitement. Gayle reached behind her knees and pulled her legs up higher. Matt sucked her whole pussy before standing up and gripping her ankles. Her whole was drenched and open, so he shoved that fat dong to it. His body pressed on top of her and his cock hit the back of her wall. She spasmed around him but it hurt. Too big too soon.
