 (2002 Millie Teases

If you are not a legal adult where you live, do not continue. If you object to frank depictions of human sexuality, do not continue. If your personal moral beliefs require you to object to descriptions and depictions of non-reproductive sexual intercourse between unmarried persons, do not continue. In short, what follows is intentionally erotic, and some may consider it pornographic. Be warned. Be responsible. Act accordingly.

HIM

It was hot when he came out of the office that night. Hot and muggy even though it was almost eleven and the sun had been down for a couple of hours. Sultry. He shrugged his suit jacket off, loosened his tie and undid the top button of his shirt as he walked down the street toward the subway. "Geez," he thought, "it's only June. What's it going to be like later this summer?"

It wasn't any cooler on the platform. The little bit of breeze that had made the walk from his office almost bearable didn't make it into the station. He waited a few minutes on the platform. A drop of sweat trickled slowly down his back and into the crack of his buttocks. A moment later another followed. He wondered if he'd missed the last express of the night. "Geez it's hot," he thought, pulling his shirt away from his chest.

A light appeared in the tunnel and the rumble of the approaching train reached his ears.  The sign in the front window of the first car said 158 Express. "Good," he thought. "That'll take 15 minutes off this trip." The train stopped, the screech of brakes assaulting his ears. The doors banged open. He stepped in and saw the car was empty. The air conditioning was working. "Good," he said, half out loud. He sat down and closed his eyes.

She got on two stop later, the last stop before the train went express. He heard her step into the car and opened his eyes to see who it was. About 30, he guessed. Kind of cute. Her brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail. The heel of a dark blue pump stuck out of her bag. She was wearing running shoes. The powder blue pompoms of her peds stuck out at the top of the heels. Her legs were bare. She carried the jacket of her dark blue suit over her arm; the pleated skirt swished gently as she walked over to a seat. A light blue bra strap was visible on her right shoulder, having slipped out from under the edge of her sleeveless white blouse. She sat down opposite him and smiled. 

He smiled back, and then closed his eyes again. Now that the train had gone express it was a 25-minute ride to the next station. He'd be home soon.

As the train moved out of the station he tried to get into that sort of half-asleep, dreamy kind of place. Alert enough, but where fantasies came with pictures. He thought about how Kelly, his college girlfriend, used to tease him on rides like this - telling him that she wanted him, brushing up against him, but pushing his hands away if he ever tried anything. What would it have been like if they had been together on this train?

A minute later he heard a soft rustle. He wasn't sure if it was part of his dream or not. He thought he smelled perfume - something light and fresh - citrusy.  It's part of the dream, he thought. Kelly used to wear perfume like that.

A minute later he thought he felt a hand on his leg. He was remembering Kelly and how she would brush her hand up his thigh as the rode together. Just close enough to his penis to get his attention, but never touching it.

It was just like Kelly, he thought. The hand brushed lightly up his thigh. This may be a good dream.  

The hand found his penis. A finger traced its outline. He felt it stir and start to grow. "Good dream," he thought. The hand stroked him through the fabric of his trousers. He was getting hard. He shifted a little in the seat to adjust himself. 

When he settled down again the hand was back, its fingers tracing the length of his penis. He was hard now. "This is one hell of a dream." He relaxed and enjoyed the sensations. The hand was firmly stroking him. It felt good. Why couldn't he dream like this all the time?

A second hand grasped the waistband of his trousers just above his fly. "What kind of a dream is this?" he mused. Zzzzip. The first hand was pulling down his zipper. He wanted to open his eyes. He knew if he did the dream would be over and he would be there on the train and she would be there, over on the other side, reading a book or something.

HER

When she woke up that morning she was aroused. Not horny, lusty gotta do something, gotta have somebody, gotta masturbate, gotta get relief aroused, just pleasantly sensitive and everything touching me is arousing and making me feel sexy like just before I start lubricating aroused, she thought. It was very pleasant. She wondered how she'd get through the day if this feeling stuck with her.  

She dressed with the arousal in mind.

"Sexy but professional," she thought. "The blue suit, with pale blue underneath." She looked in her drawer and found the bra and thong set she'd bought the previous weekend. She stepped into the thong and pulled it up around her hips. She adjusted the strap so it passed up over her anus, tantalizing it gently. She looked in the mirror. The silk clung to her, outlining her freshly-shaven mound, the peach-like shape of her genitals clearly visible through the pale blue cloth.

She picked up the bra and slipped her arms through the straps. She pulled the cups together and fastened the front clip. She reached into each cup, positioning each breast comfortably in the soft caress of the silken fabric. The cool air from the ceiling fan brought her nipples to erection. They poked stiffly at the fabric. She noticed that she could see the shadow of her areolas through the not quite sheer fabric.

Sheer white pantyhose was next. She hated it, especially when it was hot like this, but her job demanded it. She'd strip it off before she started for home, she thought. She pulled a sleeveless white blouse on and buttoned it, stepped into her skirt and fastened it aroundher waist, picked up her jacket and left the room. Before she left the house she pulled on a pair of peds and running shoes. She stuck a pair of dark blue pumps in her bag and headed off to work.

All day long she was just on the edge. Her nipples seemed to be always erect. By lunchtime they ached. She thought about ducking into the ladies room and masturbating, but resisted the temptation. It just wasn't professional.

At 3:00 Linda, her boss, walked into her office with a sheaf of papers in her hand.

"I hate to do this to you, but the Archimedes project report has to be finished tonight. The meeting is at 8:00 tomorrow morning. I need it finished and 5 copies on my desk waiting for me."

"Of course, Linda. I'd be happy to stay."

"Thanks bunches. I'd stay, but I've got to take their account team to dinner tonight. Here's the draft. Just clean it up and add the illustrations we talked about. I'm sure you'll do a great job." Linda dropped the papers on her desk and left the office.


"Crud!" she thought. "So much for an early supper and a bubble bath tonight." She got to work on the report.

"Oh wait!" she thought six hours later as she passed through the turnstile and ran down the steps to the platform. She made it just before the bells dinged to signal the closing of the doors. She felt her nipples crinkle up one more time as the cold of the air conditioning hit them. "I'm still horny; what a weird day," she thought as she sat down and smiled at the man opposite her. They were alone in the car.

The train pulled away. "He's not bad," she thought as she looked at the dozing man opposite her. A little under six foot tall, light brown hair, nice smile. He was wearing a tan poplin suit and a blue button down shirt. The coat was on the seat next to him, on top of his case. His tie was loosened and the top button of his shirt undone. He looked a little hot and tired.

She looked at him a little more carefully. "As a matter of fact," she thought, "He's really nice looking." She looked around the car and realized they were alone. Her nipples throbbed again. An old fantasy entered her mind.

She watched him as he dozed. "Do I dare do it?" she thought. Fumbling in her purse, she found the condoms she's dropped in it the weekend before, but never had the opportunity to use. She slid them into the pocket of her skirt.

"I don't believe I'm about to do this," she thought to herself. But what better chance would she have? They were alone, it was an express, and they wouldn't be interrupted for at least another 20 minutes. 

"It's now or never," she thought as she stood up and walked across the car. "If I hadn't been so horny all day, I'd never dare this."

Quietly, she sat down next to him. She looked at him for a moment, and then reached out and gently stroked his leg. She brushed slowly up his thigh, and then paused. It felt nice. "Go for it," she ordered herself.

She moved her hand over his crotch and found his penis. With her finger she traced its shape. It was limp, but it felt nice. She felt him stir. When he settle back down she reached over again and began to stroke his penis more deliberately. She could feel him getting hard under her attention. She had to see it.

With her other hand she reached over and grasped the top of his trousers just above his fly. Quickly, she found the tab of his zipper and pulled it down with a sure, smooth tug. 

"Now it gets interesting," she thought. She reached into the opening of his fly, fumbled for a moment, and then slipped her hand through the fly of his boxers. He felt hot, hard and velvety. She slipped his penis out of the confines of his boxers and through the fly of his trousers. A moment later she had his testicles exposed as well.

"It's wonderful," she thought. She ran her finger up the underside of his exposed penis. It was about six inches long and was moderately thick. A dark purple band circled its head. She watched as a clear drop of fluid emerged from the slit at the tip as she stroked a fingernail up the sensitive underside and around the ridge of its head.

A moment later she bent over and licked the tip of his penis. 

"Oh, yeah," she thought. "This is nice." He tasted musky and male. Holding on to the base of his penis, she slipped her mouth over the glans and began to suck, gently. She slid her mouth down his length, taking as much of his penis in as she could.

HIM

It was incredible. She was blowing him. Right here on the train. She had his dick and balls out and she was sucking on him like there was no tomorrow. 

He had to open his eyes. This couldn't be a dream. No dream ever felt like this. He'd had dreams about blowjobs, but nothing like this. Her lips had encircled him and were sliding up and down, and one hand was stroking up and down the part of his penis that she couldn't get into her mouth. Her other hand was playing with his balls. It felt so damn good. So good. And he just knew if he opened his eyes it would all be over.

"Oh god," he thought. "Why can't real life be like this dream?"

Then her mouth was off his penis.

"It is a dream," he thought. "You never get to finish it in a dream."

He heard a rustle of fabric again - like she had gotten up. And then something tearing. But he didn't hear her walk away. "Keep your eyes closed," he commanded himself. "Maybe the dream will come back..."

Her hand grasped hold of the base of his penis. He jumped a little, and then settled back down. She held him firmly. Something touched the tip of his penis. 

The gentle caress of her hand running down his penis returned him to his reverie. This was so good. He felt himself getting harder. She stroked down his penis again. "What is that?" he thought. "It's not just her hand. She wouldn't, it's not..."

It was. A condom. He could feel it covering and clinging to him.

"But," he thought. "A condom. She's not going to..."

HER

She felt herself lubricate as she sucked up and down his velvety hardness. This was unreal. She couldn't believe she was doing this. Even though they were alone, this was in public. And she had deliberately exposed him and now she was sucking on him and playing with his testicles. 

"I just have to," she thought. 

She released his penis from her mouth and stood up. It glistened with her saliva and throbbed in the cold of the air conditioning. She reached up under her skirt and slipped her panties down her legs, stepping out of them awkwardly as she pulled them over her running shoes. She shoved them into the pocket of her skirt, and pulled out a condom.

Ripping open the packet, she glanced down at him. She could tell he was trying to keep his eyes closed. "I wonder if he thinks this is some kind of a dream?" she wondered. 

She stroked his penis once more, bringing it back to full erection, and then slipped the condom down over it, holding the tip so no air got in as she rolled it down over him.

"You are such slut," she told herself as she straddled him, one knee on either side of his hips. She reached down and grasped him, and then pulled up her skirt with her other hand and poised herself over him. She gently rubbed his penis up and down her slit, lubricating it with her moisture. She rubbed its tip against her clitoris, sending a little thrill through her loins, and then bent it back to the opening of her vagina. Slowly, she slipped down over him.

"Oh wow!" she gasped. He filled her so nicely - it made her vagina stretch just enough to get all the nerves firing nicely. She pushed down a little harder, her shaven mound pressing hard against his wiry pubic hair. "So nice, so nice," she thought.

She sat pressed down against him, reveling in how full she felt. She wiggled a little, rubbing herself against his pubic bone.

Her nipples ached. "I want his hands on me," she thought. "I can't, this is bad enough, but if I stand up now nobody would know what I've been doing." Her nipples throbbed. "Just do it, slut," she ordered herself. 

Quickly she unbuttoned her blouse and then unhooked her bra, exposing her breasts. Her usually pink nipples were almost red. She grabbed his hands, which he had kept carefully on the seat up until now, and brought them to her chest.

HIM

He palmed her soft, firm breasts, feeling their weight in his hands. This was unbelievable. He was in her and she was rubbing herself against him, hard. She'd put his hands on her naked breasts. He massaged them gently as she started to slide up and down, and then grind against him.

"This can't be happening," he thought. "No dream is this real, but no woman would ever just get in a subway car and then hop on the guy across the aisle. It just doesn't happen."

"Pinch my nipples," she whispered.

He did as he was told. If this was a dream, it was incredible. If it was real life, it was more incredible. Either way, he was going to enjoy it. He pinched her rubbery nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.

"Harder," she demanded. He pinched hard.

 "Oh god yes," she moaned. She was moving more quickly now, up and down his shaft, with a hard grind against him at the end of each down stroke. He moved his hands over her breasts, keeping the nipples pinched between forefinger and middle finger. He squeezed her breasts and pinched his fingers together, gently at first, and then harder. She moved even faster.

The train rumbled through the tunnel, the couple moving against and with each other. Both of them began moaning.

He arched up as best he could to meet her thrusts. He could feel the tingle running up the length of his penis that foreshadowed his orgasm. He felt her squeeze herself around him. It wouldn't be much longer now.

HER

It felt so good. He was hard and he was big and he filled her and when she ended each stroke and ground herself in a little circle against him it rubbed against her clit just right. "A little faster," she thought.

The train flashed out of the tunnel and onto the bridge. She could see the headlights of the cars moving along the River Parkway. "Just 10 minutes to the stop," she thought. She moved even faster then, and started moaning. It felt so good.

When he started moaning too she knew he was getting close. She contracted the muscles in her vagina. "Make it tight," she thought. "Make it tight and make him cum, hard." She moved even faster.

Her orgasm surprised her. It slammed into her just as the train came off the long bridge and dove back into the tunnel. "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes," she called out. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming."

She ground down hard against him, and as she did she felt him thrust up into her. 

"Me too, Me too, ME TOO!" he cried out. She felt the last bits of her orgasm ripple through her vagina, almost milking his orgasm out of him. She sagged down against him, pushing herself hard against his crotch, pulling him to her breasts, holding him tightly.

It was so good. She'd been on the edge all day, and this - this just filled it all out perfectly. A fantasy fulfilled. A good, hard orgasm. This was how a day should be.

She released him and kneeled up, slipping up and off him. She stood, and looked at him, the head of the condom covering his penis full with his milky sperm. She hooked her bra back over her breasts and buttoned her blouse. 

Taking the thong from her pocket, she bent down and wiped some of the moisture from around his penis and testicles. Gently, she put them back inside his pants and boxers, draping her panties around his softening penis. She zipped his pants, quietly walked over to the other side of the car, got her bag and jacket and then went to stand by the door.

THEM

"Next stop Oakdale," came the operator's voice over the intercom. "Last stop on the line. This train is going out of service. Please exit the train at Oakdale. This train is going out of service."

He opened his eyes as the train pulled into the station. She was standing at the door, her back to him. "So," he thought, "was it a dream or wasn't it? And do I want to know?" The train stopped and the doors slid open. He picked up his case, left the car and joined the small crowd walking through the turnstiles. A minute or so later he was at his car.

She opened the door for him as he got to the car. As he pulled the seatbelt around him she reached over and snaked her hand down his pants. She pulled out the wispy blue thong. "So honey," she said, waving her panties at him. "How are you going to beat that?"