 Famous last words. The very words I told myself only moments after Shawn rolled out of my bed. I had no excuses for it either, and though I had said that, and meant it, that didn't change the consequences one iota. I knew then I had fucked up my life, my relationship with Shane...Shawn's twin sister.

I had met Shane at a party a few weeks earlier, not knowing at the time she had an identical twin sister. I didn't even find that out until we'd been dating for well over a week, finally invited back to her home where I got the surprise of my life.

Inviting me inside, she had poured us each a coke from the fridge, and then excused herself saying that she'd really like to get out of the clothes she was wearing and into her "comfy" ones. Not having a clue as to what that meant, I was content to sit there and wait on her.

I also happened to know that her dad was out of town on business and would be for the next several days. Her mother worked the night shift at a local bar waiting tables, so as far as I knew, we had the house entirely to ourselves. Not once had she ever mentioned the fact she had siblings, though in her defense, I'd not yet gotten around to asking her about that either.

Shane was a very attractive woman in every sense of the word. And I don't mean gorgeously beautiful either, because she wasn't. She wore her dark hair short, which was a bit unusual perhaps, but it gave her a carefree wild sort of look to match her piercing blue eyes. She was also the exact same height that I was at around five foot eight. Though thankfully preferred wearing sandals or sneakers as opposed to wearing high heels. Like I said, she was far from being gorgeous, but she had a certain something that just exuded her sexuality and sensuality. That to me made her even sexier, her wild carefree attitude and demeanor, which to me being a part of her character is what made her attractive and beautiful in her own way. 

Her smile could melt ice cream, and her eyes could make it hard again. I know, because she'd done that to me more times than I could count myself now, and we had barely started kissing one another with full tongues.

Tonight however, she had hinted at the possibility of something more happening. At least I hoped so. It wasn't so much anything she said that even suggested it. Only that she was looking forward to spending some real quality time with me later on that evening.

We had spent nearly the entire day walking around campus at a local university. Now each of us graduated from high school, and looking ahead towards our individual futures, it had been through other friends who were going to the school who'd invited us for a meet and greet. Which is how we'd met. Shane had attended an entirely different high school than I had, though within the same community. And now...here we were, walking about campus, talking about the various classes each of us hoped to be taking, three of which we likewise hoped we'd be taking together.

Sitting there drinking the coke she'd opened and poured for me, I heard her coming down the stairs a few minutes later. In moments she came into the kitchen area where I was sitting. She had told me she was going upstairs to get comfy, but when she came in carrying what appeared to be a laundry basket, I had no idea what she had obviously meant by that. She was naked, except for a pair of blue and red stripped bikini panties, which is the only thing she had on.

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed upon seeing her, which was a surprise in and of itself. Not even realizing I had spoken, possibly because she jumped, dumping the basket she was carrying in the middle of the floor.

"Jesus Christ!" She screamed upon seeing me, looking at me like I was some sort of a burglar or something. "You scared the shit out of me!"

Dumbfounded, I could only sit there looking at her stupidly. I felt as though I had just entered the twilight zone or something by the way she was acting.

"Well the least you could do, is quit staring at my tits, and help me pick up this laundry!"

Even though I finally moved to help her, I was still in a confused state of shock, not at all understanding what the hell was going on here, though now...I really was looking at her tits as I began gathering up the scattered clothing that she'd basically dumped everywhere.

"I see you've met my sister."

Now it was my turn to jump, spinning around to find myself staring at an identical doppelganger of the half naked woman in front of me. The one behind me, a bit more modestly attired though not by much. She wore a skimpy pair of cut off sweat shorts and a tee shirt that looked all but painted on.

"Your sister?" I said once again turning to look at the woman who now stood holding the previously dumped basket of clothing in front of her, now concealing her bare breasts, well mostly anyway. "You're twins?"

"You must be the new boyfriend," Shawn said just before Shane introduced me to her.

"Yeah, this is my sister Shawn," Shane said finally introducing me. "And yes...we're identical in every way," she added once again looking at her, seeing where my eyes suddenly turned at the moment as one of Shawn's breasts was still clearly revealed. Feeling suddenly embarrassed, I looked away once again lacking any words to say for a moment.

"Well, at least now I know I didn't step off into some parallel universe, for a moment there, I really did think I'd just entered the twilight zone!"

That made them both laugh, which eased the tension considerably. I soon after followed Shane back into the living room as Shawn completed her trip downstairs to the laundry room.

"Sorry about that, I guess I should have warned you," Shane told me. "Shawn tends to run around the house like that whenever we're alone. "I thought I could change and then warn her about you're being downstairs, but she was too quick for me," she added.

"Might have helped had I known you even had a sister, and a twin sister at that," I stated once again the image of her beautiful well rounded breasts with the dark pink nipples capping each one filling my thoughts. "So...totally identical then?" I asked trying to hide what I was actually thinking about, though Shane laughed.

"Yeah, you've seen her boobs...you've seen mine. So I guess now, you won't need to huh?"

"I'm sure they're not exactly identical," I said guessing, "And besides which, I didn't exactly look at them that long to really remember what they did look like," I said trying to worm my way out of the situation.

"Ah huh," she said, and then smiled. "But just so you know? We really are. If you were to see us actually stand there totally naked together, I'm willing to bet there's no way you could tell us a part. We even shave ourselves bare, so there's nothing there either that would hint at anything. And our boobs are exactly the same size and shape too. We wear our hair in the same style, simply because it is fun to fool people whenever we do go out together, though we generally don't always dress alike. Only when we're in the mood to really fake people out. Then we do."

"So you're telling me I really wouldn't know, wouldn't be able to tell the two of you a part if you were to actually do that."

"Nope! We even sound identical to one another on the phone too, which reminds me. Shawn's a bit of a tease, even more so than I am. So don't be surprised if and when you call, she tries to pretend she's me."

"Well that could get awkward. I guess I'd best not say anything too personal, though how am I to know it really is you I'm even talking to then? Maybe...we should establish some sort of a code, so when I'm not sure, I can ask you the code word, and if you give back the correct response, then I will know for sure it is you then."

"That sounds like a plan, what code should we use?"

"How about this, something simple, but not so much she'd figure it out. If I want to know it's really you on the other end of the line...or for that matter, even in person. If I say 'blue' you say, "bluer".

"Bluer?"

"Yeah, easy...simple, but she might attempt to fool me and give another color in response, so doing it that way, I'm pretty sure I'll know it's really you."

We agreed on that, and then settled down on her couch to watch a little TV, though Shawn came into the room a short while later, joining us. She had dressed herself however in an outfit very similar to her sisters, and once again, it amazed me to see the two of them together like that. I truly couldn't distinguish one from the other. Had they gone out and swapped clothes, and then returned, I would have seriously never known.

Unfortunately with Shawn hanging around us, which we both felt she had done on purpose, we did very little but kiss every once in a while. The "quality time" I'd been hoping for to have with Shane turned out to be the three of us sitting around ordering pizza and drinking beer and then watching what turned out to be a chick-flick. The quality time I'd initially been hoping for, never happened. And even more oddly, if anyone did more flirting than anyone else, it was Shawn who was doing it.

With a long day ahead of me looking for a place to live, I soon afterwards called it a night, promising to call Shane the following day, especially if I was lucky enough to find a place. If I did, I'd invited her to come see it and see what she thought about it. I was already looking forward to her coming to visit with me, which I hoped would give us the alone time I was really looking forward to with her.

It was also interesting. Just as Shane hadn't told me about her sister, I hadn't told her everything about myself as well yet. For one, I didn't really want her to know I was pretty well off. Not just yet anyway. I'd already had my fill of girlfriends who were really only interested in me because of my substantial trust, something my grandparents had seen to, and which was currently helping put me through school. The fact I also had a full scholarship helped, but even then I didn't flaunt the fact that I usually had plenty of spending money. My one real luxury item was a brand new Volkswagen Bug, convertible. I had managed to pass off my reasoning behind purchasing that as it was economical as well as reliable to drive. I didn't bother mentioning I had paid cash for it when I did. If Shane thought I was having to make payments on it, so be it. This early in our relationship, I didn't think I needed to tell her, at least not until I was far more comfortable with her liking me for me, and not for my money.

As it turned out, I found a nice reasonable little place not too far away from campus, easily within walking distance if I chose not to drive my car. That...or even ride my bike which I was planning on doing as often as it was feasible for me to do so. I had called Shane, excited to tell her, and sure enough, found out a short time later I was actually speaking with Shawn.

"So...you found a place huh?"

"Yeah I did, and pretty close to campus too. I'm really anxious to show it to you," I told her.

"Oh you are huh?" She giggled. "Anxious to show it to me?"

Shane and I had flirted, joked and teased one another enough so far, that it wasn't totally out of character to be hinting at the subject she was now. But there was something in the way she was saying it, that didn't exactly remind me of Shane. So I decided to use the code word.

"Blue."

"Blue what?"

I waited. And then heard her laugh. "Oh, I see. Very tricky, guess you figured out it was me and not Shane," she said still laughing. "Ok, I tried. I'll go get her for you," she said and then put the phone down. Moments later I heard it being picked up again.

"Hello? Dave?"

"Blue," I said once again hearing a laugh on the other end of the line.

"Bluer," I heard this time, and now knew it was her.

Even after that first day, Shawn never gave up trying to fool me on the phone, and very often succeeding at it until I used the code word. The first couple of times that I did, she had responded back with another color, but upon doing that, I then knew who it was I was actually speaking to. Eventually, she finally gave up trying to fool me, or even tease or flirt with me as much as she had been. After that whenever I called, she simply put Shane on the phone.

After a while, I quit worrying about using the code. Most of the time I never said anything over the phone anyway that would give Shawn any reason to try and trick me into saying something I shouldn't. But the reality of that was, there wasn't much I could have told her anyway. Two month's into our relationship, Shane and I hadn't done anything more than a little light petting. All I'd managed to do so far, was play with her boobs a little while we sat on the couch together, and then always on the outside of her clothes. I had yet to actually touch her bare flesh. We'd agreed to take things slowly...but I was starting to wonder at this point if we weren't going a bit too slowly under the circumstances.

All that however was about to change, and in a very significant way.

I had taken my time settling into my new place, but once I had, Shane decided that we needed to have a party in order to celebrate that, a sort of home coming party. I wasn't too sure about doing that as I knew that most of the friends we knew and had, were very much party people, and that things could easily get out of hand if we let them. Even so, I agreed, and so we called everyone we wanted to invite planning on that very weekend, including Shawn, which I'd expected Shane would do.

It never failed to startle me, even when I went over to Shane's place when I saw the two of them together. So identical in every sense of the word. But even that failed in comparison to seeing them arrive at my new place, also identically dressed. They were indeed two peas in a pod, and spent the first several minutes driving me insane trying to guess which one was which, which I was also never able to do. When I finally got Shane alone in the kitchen as we began making up a batch of margaritas, I decided to use the code word.

"Blue?"

She looked at me and grinned.

"Blue balls!"

"Nice try Shawn," I said looking at her. To which she laughed and then responded correctly.

"Bluer...there, satisfied?"

"Fuck...I don't think I'll ever be able to tell the two of you a part," I told her, not without using the code word anyway."

"Well...there is ONE way," she said further teasing me. "But it's a deep dark secret, so maybe later on, I'll have to show you."

"Show me?"

"Yeah...later, when we've got a chance to be alone," she said winking at me. I could only wonder at what that might actually be, and then figuring maybe, just maybe it was a small mole or something in a somewhat intimate place. Something that one of them would have, and the other wouldn't. I could hardly wait to find out.

But as it turned out, that was going to be a while. The night was young yet, and there were still several startling surprises to be discovered far ahead of that.

I had tried in vain to keep the party down to a small roar, or rather a smaller group of people than who eventually showed up. It was a lot closer to a near drunken orgy than I would have liked, with at least two dozen people there, most of them our friends, but there were a few couples who showed up that were friends of Shawn's and not mine or her sister's who also arrived. If I had hoped to keep things from getting out of hand early on, I was in for a major disappointment. Once the margaritas began flowing, it was pretty much a lost cause. 

When someone discovered I had the old game of "twister", that should have been an immediate red flag. Initially, it was a silly thing to be playing, but as everyone loosened up, it sounded like fun actually, and so we began doing so. Until someone else suggested we turn it into a game of "strip twister". After that, anyone who couldn't get into the positions they were supposed to get into, had to take off an article of clothing. Even then, I figured a little bit of bare skin might in fact be interesting. But I was also pretty sure that about the time someone lost it all, that would pretty much be the end of it. Boy was I in for a big surprise.

We played for quite some time. Eventually, there were several girls who were in fact now topless, and one or two more who had nothing more on than either a thong or panties. I figured that as soon as it came to their turns again, and should anyone lose, the game would finally be over. What I hadn't anticipated however finally happened.

I'd already lost track of who was actually who now twice during the evening. Which was more than a little disconcerting until Shane would say something to let me know it was her, or just the opposite, with Shawn saying something to me in such a way that I also knew it was her and not her sister. Still...having been faced with that several times now during the evening made me realize even more so, just how nearly perfect the two of them really were.

When they both lost their blouses, and having not worn a bra beneath them, is when it really got interesting. Someone actually made the comment that now that they were both bare breasted, that they could find a way to be able to tell the two of them apart. I guess I shouldn't have been all that surprised when the girls took up that challenge. Though not totally inebriated, not by any means, they had each had enough booze that neither one of them seemed to have much in the way of any real inhibitions. If anything, it seemed to bolster the mood to continue to see how long they could actually fool everyone. It was then determined that everyone and anyone could look at them as closely as they wanted to. Each of them. After that, they would then have to put up five dollars on who they thought was who. If the majority guessed wrong, the girls kept the money and would split it between themselves. If the girls lost, they said they'd match whatever money had been bet, and the rest of those who'd guessed correctly would then split it up from there. 

Even I had to admit, I was looking forward to trying to guess who was really who myself, and spent an almost inordinate amount of time staring closely at their twin breasts trying to find something that would tell me which one was which. Everyone was given a minute to look, and then the girls left the room returning a few minutes later. Neither one of them spoke as everyone placed their five bucks in a plastic cup with their name on it in front of them.

Needless to say, the girls won. Though a few had in fact guessed correctly, the majority hadn't, including myself.

If I'd expected things to mellow out some after that, I was sadly mistaken. If anything, the party got a bit wilder and wilder, especially as no one who'd lost clothes felt it was important to put them back on again. And many others then decided it felt better to be naked entirely, and soon did so. Even Shane and Shawn had stripped down to nothing more than matching blue thongs. The image of what Shane had told me a while back about them both being clean shaven there, immediately popping into my head. 

And though no one was actually fucking, they might just as well have been as several couples now rearranged the furniture enough to dance in the middle of the room. Slow dances mostly, and very sexy in nature by the songs being played. I saw more than one hard stiff erection out there on the floor, with someone's hand usually fondling it, amongst other things.

As much as I didn't really want to have this party in the first place, I was now just drunk enough, and horny enough, that I was actually having a pretty good time. Of course, all this naked female flesh dancing and running around me didn't hurt either, especially when Shane came over to the couch I was sitting on, still wearing nothing but her very brief blue thong.
