 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a work of fiction. It's also one of my most treasured fantasies. It's very simple, almost tame, but it has its own kind of depth. Maybe one day I'll find a woman who agrees. And maybe I'll show her this story, and maybe wonderful things will come of it.

This is also my first story. You can be sure I'll read every comment. 



You're not paying attention to me. You might be sitting at your computer, or maybe texting on your phone, or reading a book. You're preoccupied, which suits my purposes just fine. You see me come up out of the corner of your eye, but you don't pay any particular attention. Until I lean down, rest my hands on your shoulders, and begin to rub them.

You relax a little, let your eyes fall shut. I move my mouth close to your ear, and begin to gently whisper. My voice is a little thicker than usual, with the giddy thrill of what I'm about to say to you. I'm nervous and excited and so happy to be with you, alone. My hands will massage along your shoulders, and sometimes trace your jaw and neck and over your scalp. I hope they'll make their way elsewhere, eventually. But for now, I want to talk, and I want you to listen.

"A few things are going to happen," I murmur softly. "I'm going to talk to you for a little while. I think you'll like it. Would you like to hear it?"

I hear a little purr from the back of your throat. You know where this is going, eventually. But we've never started like this before. What might I have in mind?

"So here's what's going to happen. I'm going to start by kissing you. I'll kiss you on your cheeks, your neck, around your ears, along your hair. I'll kiss the lids of your eyes, the bridge of your nose, the bottom of your chin. And then I'm going to press my lips against yours and kiss you hard, because you are absolutely beautiful and I want to taste of much of you as I can."

I can hear you breathing now, and smiling a little at that last part. Did I just imply what you think? Or are you just imagining things?

"I'm going to want to be patient. But I don't think I'll be able to help it. I'm going to take the bottom of your blouse and lift it over your head. I'm going to quietly savor the sight of your breasts, because my heart starts to race every time they come into view and it's a great feeling. I'm going to kiss you some more, then, a little distractedly because my hands will be working with your bra. When it unclasps and falls to the floor, I'm going to pull you close to me and kiss you harder than I've ever kissed you before."

"Somehow, we'll manage to get my shirt off. I'm then going to kiss every inch of your face, and relish the feel of your nipples pressing into my chest. I'm not going to be able to resist reaching a hand up to palm one of your breasts, and it's going to be all I can do to not rush you with wild abandon. But from your lips, my kisses will descend down your chin, along the soft skin of your throat, and drift off to your shoulder. First your left, then a dip down the center, close to your breasts, then back up to your other shoulder."

"And then I am going to slowly remove my pants. You'll probably look down and see the bulge in my boxers, and smile. But I'm going to turn you around and have you lean your back against my chest. You're going to feel my penis pressing into your back. Maybe I'll grind it up and down a little for effect. While I'm doing that, I'll kiss along your neck, and wrap my arms around you, slowly gliding upwards to cup a breast in each hand."

"I'll juggle their soft weight, knead them gently, massage their contours. I'll move my palms over your nipples until they're stiff. I'll circle them with my fingertips, gently lifting, gently stroking. I'm going to lovingly feel every inch of your breasts. But I'm not very patient. I'm young, and you're beautiful, and I won't be able to resist for long. You're going to wriggle out of your jeans and panties for me."

"I'm going to sit you down in a chair, then, and come around in front. I'm going to kneel in front of you. And then I'm going to spread your legs. Do you know why? Because I'm about to eat you out. I'm going to trace the contours of your outer lips with my tongue, teasing a prodding a little here and there. I'll use the very tip to gently glide along your crease. I'm going to pause near the top, because I know what's hidden under there. She'll get her turn, don't worry."

"I'm going to slowly draw your outer labia into my mouth. And then, if your vulva hasn't opened itself already, I'll gently nudge it open with my tongue. I'll have to draw back, just a little, and admire your beautiful womanhood. I'm going to whisper, breathlessly, that your folds are flushed a deep, coral pink; that I can see you glistening for me; and that something seems to be stretching out for me. I'm going to ask you, what's that?"

"And you'll answer, "It's my clitoris". And I'm going to hum happily and give your clitoris a playful lick. Because you know what? I love your clitoris. I think it's the most beautiful part of your beautiful vulva. I love the way it flushes, stiffens into a hard pearl. I love spreading your wetness on it and watching it gleam. It tantalizes me. Nothing gives me a sexual thrill like seeing your clitoris, swollen and ready for me. Yours isn't the first clitoris I've seen, I admit. But it's the sexiest, most wonderful, beautiful clitoris I've ever seen. I'm going to worship it. I'm going to use every side of my tongue along its taut surface. I'll use the front side, with its taste buds, first. Then I'll use the sides of my tongue, the firmer, slimmer parts. I'll tongue your clitoris side to side, up and down, in circles, in cross shapes. I'll change them at random, and your clitoris won't be able to keep up. I'll use the underside of my tongue, the wet, smooth part, in broad strokes over your clitoris and its hood, then bring it down again."

"I'll draw it slowly into my mouth, and use the tip of my tongue to tease your gorgeous pearl until you can't stand it anymore."

"I'll trace wet circles on it with my tongue. I'll flutter it with the underside."

"I'm going to make your clitoris sing."

"And what happens after that is up to you."