 What turns you on? Of course, this is exactly what you are thinking its about - what is it about sex that turns you on - the feel of soft skin in your hand, the sound of her soft breathing and moaning as you play her like a fine tuned instrument, the moment the souls connect when you gaze into her eyes and get lost in their depth, electrified by the sensations of slipping in and it's a perfect fit. Is it the moments before the act, the sensuality of foreplay - the way she reacts under your guidance, it never takes long for you to find the right spots does it? It's like something or someone else takes hold of your hands and whispers 'right here, baby'.

What about the moment just before her orgasm explodes in her body. Her breathing deepens, a soft blush rises to her face and chest, every inch of her body begins to tighten in response to the coming climax. Or is it when she finally does have it, her back arches in that certain way that makes you realize this is no joke, she's cumming. Forget the subtle nuisances before hand, it's the way her internal muscles contract around you, slowing down your rhythm - everything seems to stop in that moment, doesn't it, suspends you over that deep chasm you've had her dangling above in the minutes, hours - maybe even days before - threatens to drop you right off with her. As her orgasm peaks and her back arches harder, her moaning getting louder and harder - do you lose it and join her in that moment, thrusting in deep a few times to stroke your own spot, your own panting getting deeper as you feel it build - or do you slow yourself down and wait it out, knowing full well that the woman under you is now completely and totally yours and instead of ending it all in that moment to chase your own orgasm - you want to drag out every last erotic second that she's in your hands.

Is it when you walk in the door after a long day at work, you're tired, pissed off at the boss or the co-workers and she steps into your arms for a quick kiss and you smell her shampoo as you wrap your arms around her and hold onto her tight, not wanting to let go of the one thing in your life that makes sense. Doesn't sound like sex at first, it's a beautiful tender moment that only she can give, but sex quickly rushes to your brain as blood rushes to your cock as you experience how amazing she feels being in your arms, the troubles of the day quickly wash down the drain as your body reacts to hers and as you release her from your arms, you suddenly bend down to lift her over your shoulder as you kick the door shut and walk down the hallway, taking her into the living room to just take her. Does she put up a fight for a minute 'baby, dinner will get cold' until you lower yourself down on her and kiss her as deep as you can, losing yourself in the feel of her soft tongue against yours. How long after you start kissing her does she start to work with you, wrapping her arms around you, sending her nails into your hair, wrapping a leg around your waist - making you realize she wants you just as much as you want her. 

Is it then that you get this deep, lingering hunger for her, craving her on so many levels that there's only one real way to satisfy it, so you quickly get her undressed, taking a second to undo your own belt and pants before you start at her neck and work your way down, wrapping your mouth around one nipple then the other, teasing them to stand perfectly erect before you make your way further down her stomach. You excite her further as you take a soft bite of the spot just where her leg bends and she gasps and jerks, panting quicker as she squirms to get out from under your teeth before you nuzzle down those next few inches to slip your tongue across her clit - feeling her shake uncontrollably as you settle in to lick on her.

Memory does nothing for you, she tastes sweeter than the last time and it drives you on further. She's panting and moaning as you lick her incessantly, holding nothing back and as you feel her clit begin to swell and you know you've got her again. Your hands grab her hips as you lick harder and faster to push her on because when her orgasm races through her, she's going to become completely unhinged and if you don't have control of her, she'll throw you both off of the couch. A few more seconds and there it is, her panting deepens and suddenly her back arches, sending her hips deep into the couch. You force them back up to coax her orgasm on, listening to her cry out as the now too sensitive clit is wanting to refuse that amazingly soft, thick tongue of yours.

Would you leave her there as she calms herself, raising a shaky hand to her face, the glow of her orgasm brought on by your mouth gracing that incredibly soft skin as you yank off your shirt, determination etched on your face to slip into her, you know she's hot, wet and oh so tight that you can't stand not being in her. Do you question it for a second, leave her there and spread her legs to sink into her before you decide you want to be in deeper, so you quickly seize her hips in your hands and roll her off, settling in between her feet before you start to slip in - sweet fuck she's so tight and hot - who were you mad at again when you came home?

She's at the perfect angle as you slip in every last inch you've got and in a show how much you want her, you tighten your grip on her hips and still continue to push. Does she cry out and jerk as you touch that sweet spot deep in, the one that shoots a sharp, stinging pain through her - or does she moan and melt into the couch further, even as her own hips push against you? You want to stay there forever, don't you - fully enveloped in her - completely invested in the moment, the slick feeling of that late afternoon fuck running over every inch of your body and hers.

You were mad earlier, still can't remember who or what for - would you fuck her relentlessly, pounding into her with so much force that her body bounces off of you in that one way that threatens your sanity - or would you relish the moment and give her that slow, lazy fucking that you know she loves. Either way, she'll have a few body breaking orgasms before you rush to chase your own down, driven by this insane need to give her what she wants and what you need. A growl escapes your throat, your hands tighten even further on her hips, you drive harder and deeper, both of you now covered by a soft sheen of sweat as the storm building in you suddenly explodes and you push in one final time, your own orgasm so thick you can taste the way the nerves are firing off. Even as you slip out of her, you're already thinking of the next time you have her - looking over and chuckling to see her laid out on the couch, the well tossed look covering her body and face.

What about those late night moments - you know the ones. Snuggled on the couch after dinner, watching movies - maybe just listening to music and she suddenly sits up and gives you that look that turns you into a slobbering fool. You hold it in as she turns to face you, kisses you deep and long before she takes the initiative this time. Would you let her - she's unbuttoned your shirt, working to unbuckle your belt and you gasp when you feel her hot hand reach in to grasp your cock, already throbbing and growing because she does have that look - the 'take me now' in her eyes and if it weren't for that, her skin feels softer and warmer, you know she wants you.

But then she surprises you and wraps her mouth around you and you fight the instinct to grab her hair in both hands and moan - or maybe you don't and you do it anyway, feeling her mouth tighten and her body shaking soft as she settles between your legs. She works you over slow and easy, deep throating almost continuously, the horny little bitch with that hot, soaked mouth is doing things to you as you lay there and take what she's giving you - a taste of your own medicine. She's so fucking good at it, too - before long you're about ready to blow, your muscles tighten as your hands tighten in her hair and in a rather brazen move, she suddenly pulls from you and stands up - if only long enough to squirm out of her panties before she promptly sits down on your lap.

Is it when she slips herself down on your length - moaning soft and throwing her head back as she impales herself? You grab her hips and push your own up as you tighten your grip, helping her settle in completely and when you're finally in deep, she seems to sigh and roll her head forward as she leans up just a little, placing her hands on your chest before she begins to literally screw you brain dead. You watch her intently as she rocks her hips back and forth, her eyes half closed as she rides you like a pro and she is clearly enjoying the role reversal - how could she not as she rolls her hips a few times, causing her to gasp and moan, digging her nails into your chest as she moves to the rhythm she's set in motion.

How about when she orgasms - her back arching harder and harder as her hips freeze in time - but she's contracting so hard you could almost see it through her belly. She throws her head back, moans out your name and it's the single most amazing image burned into your brain - the lushness of her skin, her mouth open, eyes rolled back - her long hair tickling your legs. She stays that way for a long time, almost too long as the orgasm continues to shred her senses, fries her brain cells and when she finally comes down, she rolls her head forward and looks into your eyes briefly before she collapses on your chest to catch her breath.

Would you let her finish - would be incredibly hard to wait - she's so hot and tight, her skin seems to burn under your hands and the way her body softly twitches, you know she's far from over. It would be a shame not to show your appreciation, so in one quick move - you slide the both of you off onto the floor and she's under you. You run a hand through her hair, caress her cheek softly before you kiss her long - your hips begin to move on their own and she moans as she deepens the kiss - her hips slipping up to meet yours in perfect unison. It'd be painstakingly slow, you both so high on the adrenaline and erotic feel to the air that even though your head is screaming for you to take her hard and fast, your body is saying 'not so fast, big guy, she deserves this, she was a very good girl'.

You lift yourself and open your eyes - surprised to see that nothing had really changed in those moments - it was all in your sex-rattled brain - she's still between your legs, her mouth working expertly up and down your length. You look at your hands, noticing the white knuckles and ease them open - just enough to get the sensation back in your fingertips because you've held on so tight, they've fallen asleep. She's got you so close to a ball-busting orgasm that it fries your brain to think that you had other images in your head - but damn the bitch, she's got this way about her that's highly addictive - like a fine drug coursing through your blood vessels. With a shaky gasp, you push your hips up as she swallows you down and you both freeze as you begin to spasm and jerk in her mouth and being the good girl that she is - she's swallowing every last drop down.

Or what about that one evening you slip by the bathroom and have to stop and back track because she's chin deep in bubbles - a leg propped up against the side of the tub as she shaves. You look at her for a few moments, noticing the cuteness of the moment, mixed with the sheer sensuality of seeing her carefully shave those legs you love have wrapped around your waist or shoulders. Her hair is piled on her head but a few strands have slipped free and you find yourself creeping into the bathroom - she's still unaware that you're coming in - her headphones are on and she's softly rocking her head back and forth to the beat - her hands running up and down her leg to make sure she didn't miss an inch, her eyes closed softly in concentration.

She still doesn't know you're moving in on her and you ease to your knees as she opens her eyes and as you lock yours with them, she smiles softly as she hands you her razor. With a grin, you take it as she lathers her leg, then eases it over and gently places her toes on your shoulder. She leans back with a smile as you shave her leg, finding it hard to control yourself since she's being so sexy and vulnerable at the same time - you don't know if you want to fuck her or hold her in your arms - do you?  

You take the last swipe of the razor, running your hands up and down her soft calf and knee, making sure yourself that you haven't missed a spot and when you look up at her, her eyes are half-closed and she's grinning at you. You can't take it anymore so you gently put the razor on the tub and offer your hand, which she takes and she pulls herself up to a sitting position and you quickly kiss her long - that insanely soft tongue of hers fighting with yours and as her hands slip up to your hair, you ease them back down, breaking the kiss and gently lay her back down in the water.

You let your hands roam all over her body, watching her close her eyes to concentrate on what you are doing. Your hands slip under the water to caress her thighs and you watch with a growing grin as she slowly opens her legs, sneaking a peek to see that she's biting her lower lip - her brow softly furrowed and her breathing a little deeper than before. You waste no time as your hand slips up to gently stroke her pussy, giving just enough pressure to open her up and she gasps as your thumb carefully strokes her clit as you begin slipping two fingers in, not surprised to see that there was very little resistance because she's already so wet. What had she been thinking about before you came in on her?

It's one of her favorites you know - if anything on the earth is more sensual, it's the good old fashioned finger fuck and you actually enjoy watching her writhe and moan - she always orgasms beautifully by your hands, doesn't she? As you continue to push in deeper, watching her brow furrow deeper, her tongue snaking out to lick her lips - the blush breaking out on her face and chest, it's almost maddening to watch because you know she's getting heated, wanting more and more until she cums for you - she lives for it.

The pace you set for her is perfect - the rhythmic rock of your hand as you slip in and out of her so easily that you're just moments away from ripping your own clothes off and joining her but you can't bring yourself to do it because you'd have to have both hands and to leave her like that is almost unfair. So you keep working her over watching her as she puts her hands on the wall behind her as she lifts her other leg, giving you better access and you drive in deep, curling your fingers so you can stroke her g-spot - not wanting her to just cum but have the kind of orgasm that leaves her weak and complete putty in your hands.

Chances are, a brief twinge of guilt could pass through you - you interrupted her 'me' time but as she begins panting deeper and harder, her body shaking out of control as her hands slip against the wall - you realize she didn't care that you interrupted her - judging by the feel of her internal walls as they tighten against you, the way her clit is swelling against your thumb, she was already in your bed in her mind - letting you ravage her like an animal. The truth is though, you are an animal in those instances, driven by the deep primal need that causes you to seek out a female, her pheromones so incredibly intoxicating that it's everything in your power to not lay her to waste no matter where you are and who's watching. 

As you watch her back arch, her nails clawing at the slick tile, her labored breathing becoming a deep moan as your fingers continue to drive into her, even though her muscles are contracting around you - you come to the realization that she's just as much of an animal as you are - driven by her own incessant needs. You keep pushing in until her orgasm subsides and as she finally collapses into the water, a soft grin forms on your mouth and when she's finally quiet, you slip free of her, leaning in to kiss her soft and easy before whispering to her to get out - dry off and come to bed so you can finish things properly. As you stand up, she sighs and sinks back into the water to her chin - her own grin forming on her lips and you slowly walk out of the bathroom, taking one final look over your shoulder as your cock is so fucking hard again, it's almost unbearable.

Sometimes, you just love watching her sleep deep in the night - you woke up to slip in the bathroom and now as you crawl back into bed, she suddenly grabs your attention. The lines of her face has disappeared, her breathing deep and easy. She looks amazingly peaceful there in your bed and there goes the fight in you - do you wrap your arms around her and bring her in so close that there's not an inch on her body that's not touching yours, hold her in her slumber, kiss her forehead and ease her hair from her face and neck so you can gaze down and watch her for a while before you slip back to sleep yourself, basking in the warmth of her body - or would you wake her slow and easy - teasing her body as she slept so that when her eyes open slow, she sees you hovering over her - your eyes gazing down on her. 

You whisper to her that you couldn't help yourself and as her slowly inhales the essence of the moment, you lift a leg and as you've done dozens of times before, you slip into her. She gasps at first, throwing her head deeper into her pillow as her hips push up, guiding you in with her own need and you let out a soft gasp yourself as you find yourself so incredibly aroused that at that moment, you could cum in her with very little movement. In one swift move, you roll the two of you over, letting her take control for a bit and even as she is still somewhat sleepy, she gets what you are communicating to her and with one easy roll of her hips, she does exactly that.

It starts off slow and easy at first, she seems to be relishing the moments of her early wake-up but then as her body wakes up further, she starts to rock her hips deeper and faster, her breathing getting faster and as much as you want her to ride into her own oblivion - the thought of such a quickie in the middle of the night doesn't sit well with you and reach up to gently grab her head, coaxing her to open her eyes - even as her body continues to tremble, her hips still rocking deeper. You finally get her attention and when she finally opens her eyes, you tell her to stay with you and ease down.

She does what you say - she always does because she knows there's something more to experience than just the fucking and you ease the both of you down, sighing yourself as her soft hair lands on your chest and you reach over to cover yourselves in the sheet, settling her down further as by stroking her back and hips. She whimpers and moans soft against you as you assume control of the situation - guiding her easy and slow with your own slowly rocking hips and as her temperature begins to rise, her breathing deepening - her muscles getting tighter and tighter around - you wrap your arms around her - one over her lower back, the other in her hair. You whisper to her to look at you and she does - a ragged gasp escapes her as she suddenly tightens - her back wanting to arch as her pussy ripples around you but you hold her down, the hand in her hair keeping her head from rolling back because you don't want to just feel her orgasm, you want to see it deep in her eyes. And she gives it to you.

What about the time you would come home from work early in the day - you left that morning not wanting to go, you had watched her sleep for so long that you were almost late and the entire morning you couldn't get that image out of your brain. She was on her stomach, a soft leg peeking out of the sheet she was covered in - her bare back looking soft and supple - her amazing ass cocked in that damned way that it would be nothing to uncover her, lean over and sink in deep as you stood next to the bed. You would have woke her up again, she never seemed to mind before but you left her sleeping where she was.
