 A Passion for Penny – Ch. 03

© Suburban Sinner 2008

This is the continuing story of a true life affair between two close family friends. 

Its passionate beginning is told in my first chapters - A Passion for Penny 1 & 2 – which proved more controversial than I had ever imagined – I even received hate mail - so please be warned:

This is a true story of two married people having an affair. It lasted two exciting years before it ended. If you are distressed by stories about 'cheating' then this story is not for you. Please do not read it and send abuse.

For those who haven't read Parts 1 and 2, Penny and I are now in our mid forties and married, though not to each other. Each of us has two teenage children and Penny now has a mischievous toddler too (more about him in a forthcoming story - if I get that far!).

Penny is a highly educated professional and, I suppose, not really one of those women you would immediately lust after. She's tall and pale, with short dark hair and brown eyes that are often a little cold – but which for me became bright and exciting. Her body is angular - perhaps even skinny rather than slim, and bears the unmistakeable signs of having borne two – now three children. Her breasts are small but round and surprisingly firm. Her face is full of character - distinctive rather than beautiful and she has a commanding, occasionally somewhat aggressive personality which many find off-putting. She's a woman used to being in control and getting her own way!

And she is without a doubt the most exciting lover I have ever had.

Since Chapter two was published, a number of important things have happened. To explain them all in detail would take too long and be too uninteresting so in brief:

  Last summer, after having had too much to drink at a dinner party held by mutual friends, I accidentally let slip to Penny that I had written and published the two chapters about us.  Penny was furious – at first! She read them on line that night and, after telephoning me on my mobile phone the following morning screaming at me about the way I had described her, she eventually confessed that she found the intimate details of our affair told through my eyes both exciting and arousing. She liked my writing style too and was turned on by the risk of exposing such intimate details to the world. Two days later she called me again and said she hadn't been able to get the stories out of her mind. To my astonishment, she insisted that I write more stories about us and publish them. She was, she told me, fascinated to see which episodes from our affair meant most to me. Two days after that, Penny and I began sleeping together again – more passionately than ever.  

So Penny, this story is not only about you, but this time it's for you too. I really hope you like it. I've changed many of the details to protect the (not so) innocent, but I know you'll remember this episode!



*****

For over a week after the events told in Chapter 2, Penny and I were like kids with a new toy. We had sex almost every day – sometimes more than once – in whatever circumstances were available; in her house, in mine, in my office after hours, in a motorway hotel, once even in the back of her 4x4. 

Deep down, we knew we were being recklessly irresponsible and after one evening when we came perilously close to being discovered by her children in 'flagrante delicto' on their playroom sofa, we finally realised this and reluctantly agreed to put some structure – and some safety - back into our lives.

After a few weeks of missed assignations and disappointments, we eventually agreed to meet every Thursday in the early evening. Penny used to work late one evening a week anyway, so could easily make that night part of her routine, and it was my regular night to go to the gym close to my office. If other opportunities presented themselves we would try and take advantage of them as and when they arrived but at least we knew we had some time together on a regular basis. 

This way we hoped to balance our desires for each other with the responsibilities of our family lives. It sounds selfish and calculated, but I suppose that's how we both are.

This story takes place during the Easter holiday, not long after our affair had begun. Our two families were on holiday together; all eight of us spending a week in the wild but staggeringly beautiful Welsh countryside - a place Jane and I had always loved. To make it even more perfect, we were staying in an old stone cottage in a very isolated spot in Snowdonia, where there was plenty of good walking, exploring and good bike riding for the kids. Sadly though, the local restaurants were poor so we were eating all our meals in the cottage.

The cottage itself was over three hundred years old and had no mains power, relying on an old, petrol driven generator. Like many old houses it had thick walls and small windows. The heavy, lined curtains kept out almost all the light, and of course being in Wales, the rain clouds allowed little moonlight through anyway.



When the lights were out it was very dark indeed.



Our two families did, on the whole get on very well, having known each other since the kids were babies. Penny tried hard to enjoy the outdoor life - something my wife Jane and I had been brought up on, but which did not come easy to her - and Penny's husband Paul, as usual, tried to keep her happy all the time. 

The holiday had been arranged before our affair had begun and I was anxious and uneasy about our likely behaviour during the week. How would we cope with being so close for so long? Would either of us do anything to give our secret away? 

I was sure that Penny – efficient, confident, businesslike Penny – would remain calm and composed but would I? I had watched myself like a hawk day by day, perhaps over-compensating and appearing more distant to Penny than was usual. In fact, Jane had more than once asked me if Penny and I had fallen out over something and I had been obliged to tell a series of small lies to conceal the big truth about us.

Amused by my awkwardness, Penny had added to my discomfiture by making occasional comments which for us could have had at least two meanings, accompanied by suggestive looks from her bright, flashing, intelligent and arousing eyes when she was (almost) sure no one else could see.

To this day I don't know if she was being 'deliberately careless' (if I can put it that way) with her clothing, but eight people living in the same cottage with one shared bathroom presented problems for someone with a guilty conscience. More than once I had been given the opportunity to see her small, still delightfully firm breasts either before of after showering. I had seen her in her bra and panties almost daily – and surely the lingerie she was wearing was much nicer than one would normally wear on a family holiday.

Perhaps these small 'incidents' would have happened before our affair and passed unnoticed. Perhaps not. In truth, there were no signs of either Paul or Jane thinking anything was different, but it all led to a mounting feeling of frustrated desire which was becoming hard to bear.

It was Thursday night, a night when, had we been at home, Penny would have been 'working late' at ….well, at her place of work, and I would be 'at the gym' near my office, comfortably distant from home. In fact, of course, we would have been together in one of a number of anonymous business hotels in a nearby city, trying not to use the same hotel often enough to become familiar to the staff.

The weather had been very good that day, and after a long walk along an old railway track, we were all hungry and thirsty. The four kids had eaten their dinner earlier and had gone into the cottage's games room to play darts and pool. To my relief, Penny had been behaving herself much better and there had been few moments during the day when I had feared giving myself away. There was only one more full day of the holiday left and I was feeling much more relaxed.

Paul and I had cooked dinner for the kids which they had consumed with gusto, and we were now preparing a meal for the adults. Thanks in part to liberal doses of red wine, we had taken much longer than we had confidently predicted at the beginning. As a result, by the time dinner was finally served, our two wives had drunk much more white wine than they were accustomed to and were, as Jane put it 'quite squiffy'. 

Perhaps as a result of this unaccustomed tipsiness, It took me much longer than it should to realise Penny was quite deliberately touching me on my thighs and calves under the table. I tried to ignore it, but when I looked up she gave me what could only be described as a suggestive grin. Her eyes sparkled with mischief and I quickly looked round to see if Paul or Jane had noticed. To my relief, they were both poring over a map, planning the next day's excursion. I could feel my erection straining painfully against my jeans.

Half a bottle of wine later and the conversation after dinner had roamed widely. As it was prone to do when alcohol featured, it had touched briefly - but only obliquely - on sex. Jane had heard that a mutual friend had disgraced herself at a recent business awards ceremony by getting drunk and spending the night with two men after her husband had gone home. We all expressed the expected amount of outward shock and horror – genuine in Jane and Paul's case - but across the table I could see Penny smiling at me again, and felt her fingers toying with my kneecap.

So there was something of a sexual frisson in the air as the plates and cups were cleared. Penny insisted on making more coffee and on helping me wash up in the kitchen, leaving Paul and Jane together in the lounge to continue with the excursion plans. 

I was standing at the sink as Penny entered the room with the empty cups, my arms deep in warm soapy water.



"Are they OK?" I asked.

"Deep in conversation. Paul's trying to flirt with Jane but she's having none of it." Penny laughed.

I frowned at the thought. Inside I knew it was hypocritical of me to feel jealous when Paul was simply flirting with Jane, when I myself was in having a passionate affair with his wife, but I wouldn't have been a man if I could have helped it.

Penny crossed to the sink and placed the cups one by one into the warm water as I washed the few remaining dishes. Our fingers touched. I paused and Penny slowly drew her wet index finger up my arm, leaving a shiny wet trail up to my elbow. I pressed my thigh against hers and she leaned over to whisper in my ear. 

"Tom! I can't stand it! I'm going crazy. I can't bear being so close to you for a full week without having you." 

I clutched her hand tightly under the water.

"So I've noticed! Trust me, I feel frustrated too. It's impossible to live in this place with you around all day and yet not being able to touch each other." She squeezed my hand again under the water and pressed herself against me. "And you're not exactly helping the situation are you? I feel like I'm going to explode."

Penny grinned. "So you did notice then?"

"I'm not blind, Pen!" I replied. "But I hope those two are!" I said, nodding towards the lounge where her husband and my wife were discussing alternative car parks.

"What can we do? We can hardly go upstairs together and leave them down here."

"Jane won't want to be left alone for long. Especially with Paul in his seductive mode." I said laughingly.

"If only she knew." Penny pondered, taking four large mugs out of the tall cupboard. There was a pause while I washed the remaining glasses and the kettle began to boil. "Tom, surely we could find some way to……"

I thought for a minute, then shook my head.

"It's just too risky. Apart from those two, there's the kids. We can't risk them finding out, can we?"

"But Tommmm!" Penny teased. "I neeeeed you!" She whispered in a fair approximation to my wife's accent. I laughed.

"Be realistic!" I chided her quietly. "You know I want you too but……….PENNY!"

I gasped in surprise as Penny's hand suddenly slipped down the front of my jeans and grasped my cock.

"You DO want me, don't you! Some things you can't hide, Tom!" She said archly, gripping firmly the erection that made denial futile. 

"You know I do!" I responded, her cool fingers on my hot skin.

She bent close to me, her hot breath on my ear as she whispered.

"I want you to fuck me hard Tom. Here. Tonight!"

"WHAT?" I exclaimed, looking around the room in panic just in case anyone had heard.

"Shhh!" She continued, looking me deep in the eyes as her fingers slipped down and cupped my balls. "I want you to make me cum, Tom!"

My knees trembled a little, hearing these crude words coming from the mouth of such an educated, professional, and to me unbelievably sexy woman. She squeezed my cock again until it almost made me cry out.

"But Pen, we…" But my words were cut short.

"I want (squeeze) You (squeezing harder) To fuck me (tight grip on my scrotum) Tom!

And with that, she released my cock, pulled her hand out of my trousers and walked out of the kitchen to rejoin her husband and my wife in the lounge as if nothing had happened.

A few minutes later I carried the tray of coffees into the lounge and placed it on the low table. I sat down and sipped the hot liquid very slowly to avoid having to make conversation while my mind was racing so fast. 

Jane looked at me in a meaningful way inclining her head towards Paul. I followed her direction with my eyes. He must have drunk even more wine while Penny and I had been in the kitchen because his words were distinctly slurred. Abandoning the map, he slid along the sofa to Penny and his arm snaked around her shoulders. He kissed her on the ear. In spite of myself I felt a wave of jealousy rise within me.

"Come on Penny!" Paul slurred. "It's time for bed." The tone of voice was unmistakeable and to me, horrifying. Paul wanted sex with his wife and wanted it now. Penny turned her coldest, most unforgiving look upon him.

"I'll go upstairs when I've finished my coffee!" She said slowly and precisely. 

Paul completely failed to take the hint and began to slide his hand over her thigh. Again a wave of jealousy washed over me. I tried to suppress it but it must have shown because Jane looked up at me strangely. Penny put Paul's hand back on his own lap and stood to take a coffee to Jane who was sitting at the dining table with the map open before her.

We finished our drinks accompanied by more talk peppered with increasingly direct references from Paul to the sex he clearly expected to have very shortly. To my surprise, Jane snuggled up to me on the sofa and unexpectedly stroked my thigh. I was so intent on watching Paul's clumsy fondling of Penny that I almost – but not quite – missed the uncharacteristic sexual intent in my own wife's understated actions.

I held her hand in mine and squeezed it, then stood and gathered the cups. Placing them back on the tray, I returned to the kitchen and placed them in the sink. 

"Come onnnnn!" A male voice complained from behind me. I turned to find Penny walking towards me with the milk jug while Paul watched impatiently from the open door.

"You left this." She said, handing me the jug. I took it and was about to turn towards the fridge to put it away when I noticed Penny mouthing silently a few words. I raised an eyebrow in incomprehension and she repeated the words in a low, almost inaudible whisper.

"Tonight. Here. 3am. No lights."

I must have looked puzzled because she said, a little louder still. "Be here, Tom!"

At this point Paul weaved his way across the room, took Penny's arm and half dragged her out of the room. Calling out his 'goodnights' they went upstairs to their room.

Left alone, Jane and I went into the games room where the four kids were snuggled up in their sleeping bags. The younger two were already fast asleep.

"Goodnight kids. No talking after midnight. We've got a long day tomorrow." Jane said softly, in the certain knowledge that all four of them would be asleep within minutes after the day's long, tiring walk.

(I'm sorry Penny, I've never told you this next part, but you wanted the truth so here it is…)

Jane and I went upstairs to our own room where we undressed and slipped into the narrow double bed. Her hand reached out to grasp mine and she gently pulled me closer. Silently I rose over her and beneath me, her legs parted……. 

We made love, slowly and silently, giggling a little as we listened out for the sounds of drunken sex we both fully expected to hear coming from Penny and Paul's room. 

Surprisingly, none was forthcoming. 

Afterwards, as usual, Jane fell deeply asleep while I went to the bathroom to wash myself.

*****

For the next two hours I lay awake in bed, jealous thoughts flying round my head as I tried to hear the sound of Penny and Paul making love. But I heard nothing.

With difficulty I dozed, waking every few minutes until my watch on the bedside table finally showed 02:55. I silently slipped out of the bed and, in my boxers and a T shirt, carefully opened the bedroom door and sneaked downstairs in the pitch dark.

The solid fuel heating had kept the kitchen surprisingly warm. I stood still in the pitch darkness and waited for Penny to arrive.

In the stillness of the night, a watch somewhere in the cottage beeped twice to indicate the hour, its harsh, unnatural sound shattering the silence. 

Timed to perfection, the door handle creaked as it turned, and a familiar tall, slender shape entered the room.

"Penny?" I whispered.

"Shhh! Yes." She hissed "Where are you?"

"By the sink. Feel your way to me."

"Ok."

I felt rather than heard Penny running her hands over the kitchen worktop to find her way towards me, gradually moving around the room until finally I felt the heat of her body close to mine and reached out towards her. 

Our hands touched first and I grasped her fingers between mine, pulling her towards me, barely able to distinguish her features in the gloom. My free hand fell to her waist and I felt her hot breath on my cheek as she raised her face towards mine, I bent to kiss her, our noses at first colliding awkwardly, making us giggle quietly before our arms wrapped around each other and our embrace became more passionate. 

After what seemed an age, our lips parted.

"How's Paul?" I whispered hoarsely in Penny's ear.

"Fast asleep."

"Did you….you know? With him?" I asked, despising myself for wanting to know the answer but unable to resist asking the question.

"Did you…you know? What with Jane?" Penny countered, slightly annoyed, her voice a parody of mine.

"I asked first." I insisted, trying to make light of my jealousy and stepping back a little from our embrace.

With a small exclamation of protest, Penny quickly grabbed my hand and pulled my arm back around her waist. She turned to face me. I could just make out her face in the darkness by its slight paleness, and was about to ask her once again, when with a passion that took me by surprise, she kissed me hard on the lips.

Immediately forgetting my concern, I returned her kiss equally strongly, eagerly answering her demands with my lips and tongue. As our kissing became more passionate, her pelvis pressed against my waist and I realized that, despite my recent encounter with Jane, I already had a huge erection pressing against my boxer shorts. 
