 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault

It was intentionally written without names. It was initially intended to be a part of a larger project in the works, but didn't fit and was submitted as an independent story.

From the requests of various readers I am continuing the story, and breaking my own rule of not submitting anything until it is complete. At this point I envision two to four more chapters to finish it off.

I will post them as they are completed, but forgive me if the next one or two take some time with the holidays coming up.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2013 by Acup





I was just hanging around for a bit when she came over to me. "Are you in some kind of trouble? There is some lady up front looking for you and she looks like a lawyer."

It kind of went in one ear and out the other until I came around the corner to see my body builder standing there in a business suit....but with an above the knee skirt instead of slacks. I had to smile at those legs. She turned to show me the seams running up the back even!

She saw me looking, stuck a leg out, and opened her jacket to let me see a lump of nipple. Yea she was wearing a bra, but not padded to hide those delicious nipples. "So what do you think?"

"I think you just made my day!" I slipped an arm around her inside her jacket, bringing her hard nipples to my chest as I gave her a serious kiss. "You are absolutely gorgeous!"

"It's not too much?"

I gave her another quick kiss, "Not even close. What brings you up to this end of town?"

"We had a deposition up on this end of town, so I drove myself and thought I would pop in and surprise you......you mind?"

"Not at all....how long can you stay?"

That earned me a smile, "I have to be at work in the morning, but no class tonight though."

"Mmmmmmm....it gets better and better." I gave her another nice kiss, looking in her eyes seeing a little twinkle. "Well I don't have much back at the apartment, so it's either go out to eat or pick something up and take back."

She pulled me to her, and rocked her mound against my hardening cock, "I'd rather get something to take back."

We turned to leave with good intentions. As we were going past the little seating area by the vending machines that all changed. There was a guy in a letter jacket, looked like a football player, yelling and waiving his arms at a little Asian girl. I was about to intervene when she beat me to it. "What's going on here?"

"I don't want to...." the Asian girl started in.

"SHUT YOUR TRAP, SHE WASN'T TALKING TO YOU." putting a finger in the Asian girls face.

"Actually I was."

"Then it's none of your business bitch."

Surprisingly she didn't even react to that, but when he reached for her to drag the Asian girl toward the door she put an arm between them. "I don't believe she wishes to go with you."

He tried to push her arm away without much success, then tried to chop at it, but she pulled it away just in time and then put it back between the two. "YOU BITCH!" he pulled back to strike her, and before I could react she caught his fist in her hand, dropped her briefcase, twisted around and had him on the floor with his arm up behind his shoulder blades and a knee on his back, letting a bit of lace stocking top show.

She looked at me with a smile, noting where I was looking, "Could you get me some zip ties and call nine one one in that order please?"

I shook my head and went to the back to get the zip ties, the second shift tech was already calling nine one one. I got back up front, she still had a hold of the football player. He was flailing around and spewing all sorts of nasty language. I assumed she was going to use the zip ties like handcuffs, so I put two of them in loops and handed them to her. Before the guy realized it she had one around the wrist she was holding and brought the other over to her. The next part was almost funny. She took two of them and hooked them end to end, waited for a little break in the flailing legs, and tied his ankles together. A couple more ties and he was hog tied on the floor.

She got up and went to the Asian girl, totally ignoring the flopping guy on the floor with his mouth running amok. "Are you OK?"

The Asian girl nodded, staring at the guy on the floor. She turned her and led her over to a table far from the commotion just as the police were pulling up. They came rushing in, and stopped up short seeing the hog tied guy on the floor.

Of course as the guy saw the police his rhetoric changed, saying she was beating him up. They looked at this slim beautiful woman without a hair out of place. She handed them her card from the law office, and explained what happened. Of course the mouth on the floor said she was lying, all she did was smile and point up to the camera dome in the ceiling. They looked at me questioningly, so I went to the back to make a copy of the video.

When I got back out the football player was in the back of a squad car, the Asian girl was giving her statement. She took the disk from me before the officer could take it. "I'll give him a chance to confess and tell what happened. If he's truthful then it won't be a problem. I'll stop by in the morning to give my statement and present the video if necessary. Right now I'm late for an important meeting." She turned to me, "Would you mind walking me to my car?" She turned and began walking without waiting for an answer.

I just shrugged to the officers and followed her out. She tossed her briefcase in her car, and collapsed against it giggling. "Sorry about that."

I put both my hands around her inside her jacket, pulling me nice and close to her, giving her a quick kiss on the tip of her nose. "How the hell did you manage that?"

"I dated a sheriff's deputy a few years back, he showed me a few things, and some of it stuck."

I just shook my head and then gave her a nice kiss. "Remind me never to piss you off."

"You know it's a real shame my having to give my statement in the morning. I'll have to find a place to stay up on this end of town so I can stop there before going in to work. You wouldn't know where a girl could sleep tonight?"

I just kicked my head back laughing, "Follow me to the apartment, we'll call in some pizza and then see if we can find you a place to crash for the night." I gave her ass a quick squeeze, and a quick kiss on her nose again, then headed off to my van.

We managed to make it up the stairs with out too much kissing and groping, getting a wide eyed look from the couple across the hall....

We got in the door, and she pushed me back into the couch while she removed her jacket, tossing a bag in the corner. I started to get up, and she shook her finger at me smiling, then ran her hands up her belly cupping her tits and running her thumbs over her nipples. She slowly ran her hands up enough to begin unbuttoning her top, pulling a bit out of her skirt as she did each one, then revealing a VERY sheer lace bra, hiding absolutely nothing. A little sway of her hips and a quick zip, and her skirt was pooled around her ankles.

She stepped one step toward me, cupping a lace covered tit in one hand, and running a finger up the crease in her lace thong pushing it a bit further into her wet pussy framed by her white garter and black stocking, the white lace was almost sheer with her juices. "Now you can go order pizza."

I got up and began dialing as she came up behind me reaching for the buttons on my shirt. I was stripped to my boxers while ordering pizza, "We have about half an hour until the pizza arrives."

"Perfect!" She pulled me back to the couch and pushed me down, then kneeled down and relieved me of my boxers, taking the time to suck as much of my hard cock into her mouth as she could. Running her tongue around and around, pushing herself down on me wedging me into he back of her mouth and trying to get me down her throat before coming up off me with a 'pop' and a grin. Good thing she stopped or I was going to loose it right there. With the strong aroma of her pussy while watching her tits and hard nipples jiggle just beyond where my cock was disappearing into her it was all I could not to flood her mouth.

She stood back up, swaying her hips and twirling her arms over her head to some unknown music. Running her hands down her side and then back up to cup her tits again and strumming her nipples still behind the lace, before sliding them under and grasping the clip between her tits. She was so firm and toned they didn't drop as she removed her lace bra, she merely opened a beautiful present.

She put one leg up on the coffee table to release her garter straps, then the other, keeping her legs spread and letting me see her delicious pussy with the thong trying to hide in her lips. She started to roll the first stocking down, then pouted and stepped to me, putting a foot in my crotch and bringing my hands to her thighs. She watched me rolling her stockings off, glancing up at her playing with her nipples every so often.

Once I had them off she pulled back before I could reach out to play with her. She turned her back to me, looking at me over her shoulder while she pealed the thong down the crack of her ass, stopping at the bottom of her cheeks. She turned back to me, her thong just hanging in her pussy lips. She took two steps closer, then pulled the little bows at the edge of the thong. I thought they were decoration, but the side straps fell away, literally leaving it hanging in her lips! "Care to help me with the last of it?"

I grabbed her hips and pulled her toward the couch, twisting her around to land on her back. I spread her knees, tossed what was left of her thong over my shoulder, and dived into that heavenly pussy.

The thong had been doing it's best to absorb her juices, bit not keeping up. Her lips were coated with her nectar. I ran my tongue through them slowly, enjoying the taste and the feel of her tender lips on my tongue. Feeling her legs quiver as I ran my tongue around her clit, "Ohhhhh yeaaaaa, right there....."

I ran my tongue around and around, then right down next to her rosebud and back up to her clit, but pushing a wet thumb into her ass as I latched onto her clit. Her legs started flailing, she started bucking, and then she clamped those thighs around my head!!!!!...... I kept going as long as I could, but damn those thighs were strong. I stopped with her clit, leaving my thumb buried in her ass. As soon as she relaxed I started in again, but this time using my free arm to brace between her knees!

Oh this was more like it! She was trying to squeeze her legs together, but my arm prevented it. I kept at her clit and thumb fucking her ass, dipping my tongue into her dribbling pussy every so often. She screeched in orgasm, legs flopping all over until she slowly dropped her legs and relaxed to just a series of spasms and quivers, letting me just lazily lick at her flowing pussy. Feeling the bit of stubble and teasing her pussy licking it. Watching her juices come to the surface and almost ready to dribble to her ass.

I looked up between licks to see her tits and nipples slowly rise and fall with her breath. Her eyes closed and a nice smile on her lips. She would whimper a bit when I dipped my tongue back in to lick her pussy. I could have stayed there for quite a while, but a knock at the door and a rumble in my tummy said I had to get up.

I pulled a thin blanket over her and pulled my boxers on. I had a tent, and her nipples were trying to poke through the blanket, but what the hell. The girl delivering the pizza didn't seem to mind while I got my wallet, and grinned at the definite aroma of wet pussy and her nipples standing out under the blanket. "Enjoy the rest of your evening." She said with a snicker.

I opened the pizza, putting a few slices on the paper plates and waiving one under her nose as I pulled the blanket off her. She was starting to come around. "Hey...."

"Hey there yourself. Want some pizza?"

"Mmmmmmm." I held a piece out in front of her mouth. She opened like a little kid, and I fed her the first few bites. Seems I was taking too much time to take my own bites and she grabbed the other piece from the plate and finished that one off before I finished the rest of our first shared piece.

"More?"

"Uh huh." I started to get up to get her another piece, "I can get it." She hopped up with more enthusiasm than I would have expected.

I stopped mid bite watching her ass as she walked across the room. I knew she had some muscle under there, and I could make it out from time to time as she walked. But her ass didn't 'bounce', it rippled and swayed and moved with each step..... the muscles in her legs also moving with her steps.

She turned around, the light from the kitchen glistening off her juices hanging on her pussy lips, her thighs never even coming close to touching. Her belly flexing and rolling with each step, AND THOSE HIGH FIRM TITS! Moving but not swaying with her walk....and they're being shaken back and forth.... I looked up at her smiling face. "You caught me...."

"Still like what you see?"

Oh now she's fishing is she.... I just smiled back. "What's not to like, you're gorgeous."

Now she was grinning as she plopped down, "Careful, talk like that will get you laid." We grinned at each other and finished our pizza, my looking over her body and she mine. I KNOW I had the better view.

We managed to finish the pizza without too much playing around. "Shower time woman."

"I thought you'd never ask." She hopped up and grabbed her bag, heading to the bathroom.

I came around the corner to see her pulling out a change of underwear, and then a small collection of bottles. Shampoo, conditioner, lotions, etc. "Planning this were you?"

She looked over her shoulder with a grin wiggling her ass, "Hoping..."

I stepped up behind her, running my hands around her hard belly and up to cup her tits. Letting two fingers up on either side of her nipples while I kissed the top of her shoulder and then her neck, "I like the way you think." My hardening cock rising against her cheeks.

She pulled away enough to turn to me, then wrapped her arms around my neck. We stood there holding and kissing for what seemed like forever, our bodies moving slightly against each other, but not the wild grinding like before. Lips and tongue touching and caressing, doing battle in each others mouth, then slowing to a gentle dance.

I pulled away, looking her in the eyes, gave her another quick peck, then turned to turn the shower on. We watched each other, but didn't speak, almost like we knew what the other was thinking. We each washed the other down with our own this time, me with my 'manly' stuff, and her with her 'fu fu'. I enjoyed doing her hair, and I think I was seeing a bit of the red root coming out. If it was that noticeable with so little showing, I bet she was a flaming bright redhead!

She took great pleasure in rinsing herself off in front of me, running the water over her hard tits and nipples, seeing it ripple across her belly and down over her mound and pussy lips. I hope she enjoyed my rinsing as well, she did at least watch. Watching her dry was almost as erotic, seeing all those muscles pop and disappear as she did.

I was just about done drying when she backed me to the bed. "My turn Mister!" She pushed me down and turned around beside me to inhale my cock. I wasn't rock hard yet, but I was damn close. When she jammed me against the back of her mouth, feeling the tip of my cock at the entrance to her throat that changed.

She held me there for a few seconds, then began a SERIOUS cock sucking. Alternating between taking me in hard and as deep as she could, to backing out and running her tongue around the head of my cock. Stroking me with her hand while licking around the base and playing with my balls.

All of this while she was kneeling beside me, her dripping pussy out of range of my tongue..... but not my fingers. Groaning around my cock as I cupped and played with her cheeks, pulling back up to the head of my cock as I began playing with her rosebud while she was trying to suck the life out of me. Falling forward hard on my cock when I put my middle finger quickly in her wet pussy, and coming up with a shriek when I pulled it out just as fast.

She was about to say something when I reached across my belly to cup a tit, then thrust the tip of my middle finger in her ass and my thumb barely in her pussy. Not completely, but enough to let her know she was penetrated. As she went back down to take me into her mouth I pushed my thumb and finger deeper into her, making her groan and drop on me again.

As much as I enjoyed being rammed into her mouth, I was also enjoying playing with her pussy and ass. As soon as I began wiggling my finger in her ass she was a woman possessed. Using her mouth to fuck my cock, ramming me in as far as she could, clamping her lips around me like one of the tightest pussies I had ever had.

I tried to keep going with the finger fucking and tits squeezing, but she was definitely winning the war. "I'M CUMMING!!!!" I remember ramming my thumb and finger in her and gripping her ass and pussy from within about the time I was shooting load after load into her. I was bucking and twitching uncontrollably......

..... I was coming to with a jump. She was still laying beside me, my softening cock in her hand, a dribble of my come on the tip of her tongue. She looked me in the eye and swallowed the last little bit. "Good to the last drop!" She tried to keep from laughing, but failed miserably, rolling on her back with her tits and nipples standing up bouncing with every laugh.

I put my hand down between her legs, cupping her pussy and rubbing the heal of my hand against her wet mound. "I take it you enjoyed my playing a little?"

She rolled back over against my leg and gave my softening cock a quick lick, making my legs jump a little. "Just a little!" She said with a BIG grin.

I ran my thumb down between her pussy lips to lightly touch her rosebud. "Even this?"

She hissed as my thumb circled her ass. "Emmmmm Hmmmmm."

"What about actual anal?"

"Uh Uh, tried it once and couldn't sit for days. Fingers and small toys only, but any time...."

I brought my finger back up to her clit, lightly circling it, feeling her juices begin to wet her down. Her breathing was picking up and she was clenching the sheets. I watched her nipples stand up HARD as I picked up my pace. Circling her clit, running my finger down and back up between her lips. Getting close to going in her pussy, but not quite. I kept this going for several minutes, her legs clenching around my hand when I made a trip past her opening. Her breathing was almost ragged. I made a few quick feints like I was going down her lips making her whimper, then all of a sudden I slipped two fingers in her and curled them up to where I remembered her g-spot was.

She sat up with a screech, then back down lifting her ass and pussy well off the bed before flopping around like a fish out of water. I kept going as long as I could with her thighs trying to break my hand off in her pussy. When I stopped, so did she like a pile of melted butter. She was breathing, but that was all.

I managed to extract my hand and arm from between her legs. After wiping my face down with a damp cloth, I took a fresh one and a dry towel back and wiped her down. She made little sounds without ever actually waking up, even when I ran a finger between her lips for a last taste.

When I took the towels back to the bathroom I saw her stuff laid out on the counter, so I began putting it in the cabinets. Her shower stuff on the caddy, hanging her ball thingy on the hook underneath and set her perfume and deodorant on the dresser. I put her clean under things in one of my unused drawers and left it open so she would see them. I hung her stuff for tomorrow up in the closet before putting the leftover slices of pizza in the oven to warm.
