 A few years ago we became good friends with a local photographer. We love the arts and met her when we bought two framed photos she had taken for our guest bedroom. She specialized in architectural buildings, structure in nature and also human form. She intertwined the two frequently in her work. A few of the works we saw included nude or nearly nude people posing with certain structures, rocks, old houses, modern black marble carvings, etc. When she came up, we were looking through her photos with several other people around in the area. She was looking at my wife and following her all around the area. She seemed to ignore me and the others but concentrated on my wife.

We bought two framed pictures from her and talked to her about her work and she joked about her passion to capture the perfect pictures. When we went to leave and were almost gone she suddenly asked my wife if she had ever posed for an artist before. She told my wife that her proportions and features were very unique. She indicated that she had a small group of models that she has discovered over time and used in most of her photographs because they all had unique intriguing looks. She said that she had been searching 15 years for a particular look and my wife was the first person she has found that was perfect in body type, hair coloring, delicate facial features, etc. She indicated that she would be most grateful if we would agree to her posing for a few pictures. She did not pressure any further when my wife indicated that she was not pretty enough to pose for her pictures. I thought my wife was beautiful and that I felt the same way about her as the photographer did. She handed us a business card and encouraged my wife to at least consider it and give her a call. 

As we walked away my wife was giggling and asking me why I would want her to pose/model for the photographer. I told her that I agreed with the artist and completely understood why. Well, we joked about it on and off for a couple of weeks. My wife is unable to have kids and I run an internet company that has done very well so she has not had to work for a few years now. Eventually I encouraged her in earnest to call her up and give it a try,, indicating what could it hurt and jokingly indicated maybe we could get some free art out of it. She punched me in the shoulder and laughed. Well a couple days later I came home and my wife told me that she ended up calling Carissa, the artist, back. My wife said Carissa was so excited to have heard from her and again said she was so afraid that after 15 years of searching for my wife that I would not accept the offer and she would be searching for another 15 more years. She said that they talked for a long time and that my wife had agreed to a photo shoot that she was doing south of town for a new unique building. 

Well when the day came Carissa and two other models, one male and one female were with her in front of the new build. The building had a very bold staircase that circled around the front to make a really interesting entrance. She began setting up a camera and a few other things. She did several poses of them on different steps, going up, going down. The first shots were individual poses, and then with more than one person in the shot. She actually did a couple of shots of the other woman topless on the stairs and then in a pose lying out on the stairs. Everyone acted normal like nothing out of the ordinary was going on. The shoot lasted 5 hours and then Carissa declared she thought she had the pictures, but a few passer bys stopped to see what was going on. The other female model was very comfortable with nudity.

Well it was about a week later that we got an envelope from Carissa of the pictures from that day. I was truly blown away about how her pictures drew out the angles and detail of the new building. She really was amazingly good at her work. Well after that she would periodically call and ask my wife about doing another shoot. This went on for about two years and we became very close friends with Carissa. She was amazingly dedicated to her work. My wife had gotten comfortable to be topless in a few shoots over that two year period of time and one shoot Carissa encouraged her to be completely nude but cover by the structure she was posing with.

Then there were a few photo shoots that turned much more erotic. I began looking at the pictures and it showed one of the male models. In the next couple of pictures it showed her first taking off his shirt and then in the next few photographs had his pants being pulled down and then in the last one he was nude standing there with a semi erect cock and my wife's hand was placed on his belly. It was actually a very sexy photograph but much more sexual than anything my wife had ever done. I turned to the next photograph and his cock was now fully erect and my wife's hand was on his thigh so the back of her hand was touching his testicles. Man I was erect from seeing the photographs. The photographs were beautiful but I was surprised as how erotic they were and that she would have done something of that nature. At first I was a little jealous but after talking with her she reassured me that they were just photographs and that it was really the same thing when an actress in a movie had to do a bedroom scene. That made sense and both of us had known that nudity was involved in her photography.

Over time there were a few more photo shoots that my wife had photos taken of her alone or with a male model. The most sensual picture she had taken was of a male model lying naked on a huge black slab of marble with an erection and my wife was sitting on his belly facing his feet with his erecting pressed tight against her belly. I remember he had an impressive cock. The next photo showed her move up on top of him positioning her hips over his erection so that her pussy was perched just over the mushroom head of his cock. The next photo showed half of the head of his cock had been pressed into the folds of her vagina. I was scared to look at the next photo expecting more of his cock to have been pushed inside of her. It was not the case as the next photo was of a completely different scene.

Then one time my wife got a call about a camera shoot Carissa was doing in a castle and wanted my wife to come with two other models. When my wife got home she indicated that this shoot was different than any other shoot she had been at. I asked her if it went well and if it was an interesting place to do the photo shoot. She just said that it was an awesome place to take pictures and that had Carissa created a shoot very different than her usual sessions. My wife had a funny look on her face, went to say something and then just stopped and let the conversation end there.

When the photos came back I began to thumb through them by myself as my wife was not at home yet. I found there were a number of pictures that Carissa had captured the stone feel of the castle very well. Then toward the end of the stack, I came across pictures of a dungeon. The first pictures showed shackles coming out of a wall. The next was of a flat wooden board that had shackles at the four corners. The next was a picture of a wooden stock that opened up at one end and the criminal had to put their head and hands in it and then it would be closed, trapping the person inside. It looked so realistic. A couple of pictures showed one of the male models being shackled against the stone wall, my wife being the one putting him in chains. The male model was slowly undressed and she had her hands on first his chest, then belly, then thigh, then holding his testicles, and then with her hand wrapped around his cock 

The next photo changed to where my wife was being placed on the wooden board and her hands and feet were being put into shackles. The next couple of photographs were of her shirt being unbuttoned and her breasts exposed. Then in the next couple he hand his hand on her belly and then caressing her breasts. Then the next had him unlacing her skirt and removing it showing her little triangle of golden blond pubic hair. The next had his hand on her belly and then her thighs. The next one was of his hand placed directly over her pussy. The next she had her legs spread and his hand was over her pussy lips but his middle finger was deep inside of her. The photos then switched to where he was kneeling between her legs with his cock a few inches from her vagina. The next one had the tip just touching her labia. The next photo was of the tip of his cock was just pushing into the folds of her flesh. The next it was clear that he was pushed half way into her and the next he was pushed all the way inside. The next was of his cock pulled out but glistening with their combined moisture.

The next series moved to my wife into the Stock. She was slowly undressed and then the other model stripped his clothes off and moved behind her with his erection. There were a couple of pictures of his cock placed close to her vagina and then a couple that it appeared his cock was pushed inside of her. This series was not taken very close.

The next series had my wife placed in the loose chains on the wall and again her clothes were slowly removed. Then she was touched and caressed by both men. Then one of the models slipped behind her and began pushing his cock along her pussy lips. Then he changed his angle and the next few photos showed it disappear inside of her. The photos were taken up close and showed the huge cock slowly pushed in until the photo was just of her triangle of pussy hair and his large testicles hanging below. A couple more photos and he had pulled out of her but the other model stepped up to her and after a few photos he was pushing his cock inside of her. A few photos were of his cock at different lengths inside of her vagina and then one of his cock pulled out but ejaculating on her bottom. He had soaked her bottom and back by the last photograph. 

I closed the envelope back up and dropped it back on the floor with the rest of our mail like I had not seen it. 30 minutes after that my wife got home and quickly took the envelope into our study. Latter that even she should me the photos from the castle but all of the really explicit ones had been removed. I knew now this had probably have happened before. I wrestled with my feeling that day and we made love really passionately that evening. I remember thinking that we have a great sex life and see was always interested and would do anything to please me. I knew she loved me with her whole heart. The more I thought about it the more I convinced myself that she really was "acting" when she was taking the other photos and it was just sex not love. 

We talked after that and I once told her that if one of the models ever slipped and actually went inside of her that it would not be a big deal to me as I knew that they were only photographs and not a relationship like ours. She gave me a huge hug and said she was really glad I had told her that because sometimes it was really awkward to get a photograph just right and a model had slipped a little. I laughed and said if I were them I would be slipping all over the place. She looked at me really seriously and said your really would be OK if they accidentally entered me. I said that I was surprised that Carissa had not encouraged her to go further for the photographs she liked to take. She punched me on the shoulder and I said that it is the same as an actress in a play, that its not real like when two people in love had sex. She said that she knew that but never thought that I would feel like that. She said that she never thought I would be OK with something like that. I hugged her and said that I knew she was mine and only mine and that if it made it easier to get the pictures it would be OK with me. 

The following day she asked around the issue again, making sure my feelings about another man being completely intimate with her while getting the photographs was no big deal and I reassured her it was OK. She laughed and said that if I was sure it would make Carissa very happy. I gave her a huge long kiss and took her to the bedroom and we made love.

The next few photograph series slowly got more revealing and she asked again about it being OK and I again told her I was OK with it. By the end of six months she was finally showing me all the photographs Carissa was taking. It has been a source of great fun and intimacy with her. We are a very lucky couple to be so close and have such close friends.