 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault

This is my first submission so all critiques are welcome. I would especially appreciate comments from the women, and please identify your selves as such. It was inspired from a series of different events, but extrapolated extensively.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

As an experiment, this series was written without names, and can be a bit hard to follow at times. I have since rewritten it with names and it has been labeled The Ex's Fault - Redux. If you wish and easier read, please give it a try.

Copyright (c) 2013 by Acup

So her I am sitting here looking at some great pictures of my cum dripping out of a gaping pussy with a smile on her face, wondering what the fuck just happened...... 

But that's the end of the story, let me back up a few months to a different screwed up situation.

So her I am on our fourth 'trial' separation. I had finally had enough and said that's it. I was getting away from the woman I married ten years ago that turned into a real screwball. Don't get me wrong, the sex was great even when we were 'separated'. She always wore stretch tops and peasant blouses that could be pulled down to let her tits hang out. Lace or shelf bras were the norm around me when she wore them, my stipulation after the first separation, but she agreed to it readily. When she wore underwear it had to be able to stretch enough to let me have full access to her pussy, which had to be trimmed close or shaved. She had even taken to wearing a half slip pulled up over her tits to let her nipples stand out when she had to wear something around the house.

After our second separation and her car had broke down it was nipples out when ever I was around, and blow jobs when I finished doing anything for her. She still wanted sex when ever I came over, so it happened either way. More times than not I would wind up behind her fucking her pussy while fucking her ass with a medium plug at the same time. Made for some nice tight pussy with that plug in her, and even better when I picked up a vibrating one. She was always a little vocal, but the vibrating plug made her scream into the bed and pound her fists.

Now up until this point I had always been a BIG tit man, to me anything less than a small C cup wasn't worth dealing with. During our third separation her roommates van broke down. It was just an alternator, but being a mini van made it a pain in the ass to work on. I made her a deal, it was going to take me two evenings after work to get it swapped out. She bought the alternator and I would put it in, but she had to be topless in the apartment and braless outside and let me look down her shirt when she came out for the two evenings it would take me to do it. The ex would still be providing the sex, but I felt it was only far she have some skin in the game, literally, if it was her van being fixed.

She had to think about it. I told her I would be by tomorrow after work and she could have the parts and be topless, or I would just be stopping in on my way home, her choice. Since she was always trying to hide her little tits, I figured she would chicken out and have to save up to get her van fixed at a shop. She surprised me the next day, I walked into the apartment and there was the alternator in its box on the coffee table. She and the ex were sitting on the couch, the ex in her half slip barely covering her trimmed pussy. The roommate stood up behind the alternator box and took her shirt off, she grasped the clasp in between the cups and looked at me again, I nodded to her, she took a deep breath, and unhooked the bra and pealed it off. What I thought was a small B cup turned out to be probably AA with nice firm nipples behind a lot of padding. Just to be nice I had to say something, "Nice nipples!" She actually blushed at that, I grabbed the alternator box, and headed out to start tearing things apart.

Now the ex had put on some weight at this point, and her nice C cups had blossomed into a healthy D, She wasn't FAT at this point, but she had gotten a bit thick in the thighs. Her nipples when she was a C stood out a little, but as she got bigger the nipples just seamed to stretch out into her areola and become little bumps unless she was aroused or cold. Seeing the roommates nipples stand out nicely reminded me of seeing the ex's and playing with them all the time when we first got together. I was still thinking about her nipples when she brought me out a cold Pepsi to check on my progress. I had the shroud and fan off and some of the belts when she leaned over with the pop. I took a look, and could see some skin, but not down her shirt. I reached out to unbutton one or two, and she put her hand up to stop me.

"We had a deal..." she pulled her hand away, and I unbuttoned one and had a nice view, but since she tried to stop me I undid another just for the hell of it. Now she was unbuttoned down to below her tits, a good breeze and she would be on display. The nice part was her nipples were still nice and hard. I brushed my hand over them on the outside of her shirt making her draw a quick breath before I turned back to working on her van. She stayed there a bit to watch me, but didn't make any attempt to cover up, I took advantage of her standing there and glanced over at her firm nipples every once in a while As I got down to the alternator and began unbolting it she went back inside. When I finished for the day I went inside to clean up, and there she was topless with those nipples standing out holding the towel next to me. In spite of being a BIG tit man, I was enjoying the nipples.

After drying off she went to her room topless, and I went to the ex's room for a nice blow job. I was thinking about those nipples, and it didn't take me long to fill the ex's mouth.

The next day was a little more interesting. When I got to the apartment the ex was not there, but the roommate was standing there waiting for me. She started to unbutton her shirt, but I stopped her. "May I?" She dropped her hands, and gave me access. I undid the first few buttons, and then ran my hand from her neck into the first bit of what little cleavage she had, that made her moan a little. I undid the rest of the buttons, and brushed my hand from below her bra down to her belly button, which raised some goose bumps. When I pulled her shirt out of her pants I made sure to pull her forward and let her bump into my hardening cock. Not hard enough to do anything yet, but firm enough for her to feel against her thigh.

When I pealed her shirt off I got a whiff of her scent, and gave her a quick kiss on her neck that made her gasp while her arms were trapped in the sleeves. I dropped the shirt behind her and put my hands on her hips. I looked her in the eyes as I brought my hands from her hips up to cup her well padded tits. She closed her eyes as I let my fingers slide back and forth along the tops of the cups touching her very lightly. I released the clasp and slowly separated the cups to reveal those nipples. Since her eyes were still closed I slid the bra straps down her shoulders and held them at her elbows to be able to lean down and suck her nipple. That made her squeak and try to cover up. Since I had her elbows trapped with her bra straps I took the opportunity to suck the other one before releasing her arms. She looked down at me nibbling on her nipples and relaxed a moment. I took one last nip, and then headed out to start putting her van back together.

I started putting things back together, and it was progressing pretty well. It was taking a bit longer as I was thinking about her scent and taste when she came out in jeans and a flannel shirt tied around her belly, no buttons. She came up, caught the knot on the fender, and slid down opening her shirt up and putting her tits and nipples on display. "So you like my little tits?"

I looked over at her chest on display. "They look pretty tasty."

"You're not teasing me are you?" I took her hand, pulled her around the front of her van, and put it on my hardening cock. "OH!" she left her hand there long enough to squeeze and rub a little, then went back in side. She came back outside in a few minutes in a short skirt! What she did next floored me. She pulled her shirt open to let me see her tits easily, then took one of my hands and my shop towel and wiped my hand relatively clean. She put one hand back on my cock, and used the other to put my hand under her skirt.... and on to her bare pussy!!!! She even pushed one of my fingers in her pussy a little. She only held them there for a few seconds, and then pulled them out. When my hand came out, hers stayed in for a few seconds more, and then brought her wet fingers to my lips and wiped them there. She gave my cock one more squeeze and went back inside.

I got the last of the pieces in place, put my tools away, and fired it up. Everything worked like it was supposed to. I went inside to give her the good news, and found her in her robe. I gave her a look, but changed my mind when she opened her robe to show me it was all she had on. She dropped her robe and walked back into her bedroom. I followed her in and to the shower, she stepped in and crooked her finger for me to join her. I shucked my clothes and got in about the time she was lathering up. I don't really care for the body wash fu fu the girls use, but soaping up with a slippery woman using her body to lather me up made it quite acceptable. Washing each others hair was along the same line, but I could always jump in the shower again when I get home.

We got out and dried each other off. After I finished her, spending my fair share of time on her tits, pussy, and ass, taking time to admire the light little hairs on her pussy. She in turn took her time with my ass and cock, but then she decided to make a closer inspection, and took my cock in her mouth. For a petite little thing she was quite a cock sucker! I had always enjoyed the ex, but her roommate put her to shame, even taking me down her throat a bit, something the ex could never do without a lot of work. When she grabbed my ass to pull me in half way down her throat I lost it and unloaded into her, sucking down every drop. She looked back up at me licking her lips.

I pulled her back up and laid her on her back on her bed. I nibbled on her nipples a bit and then kissed my way down to her pussy. She lifted her legs before I even got there, and even though we had just left the shower and toweled off she was already soaking wet. I ran a finger through her lips and felt her thighs shudder. She got worse as I began running my tongue there instead, and when I started sucking and nibbling on her clit and finger fucking her pussy she lost it. Groaning and screaming while I enjoyed her pussy. She had a nice sweet taste, different from the tang of the ex.

After a several minutes of juicy pussy, I had to roll over to catch my breath and let my tongue recuperate. I watched those hard nipples rise and fall with her breath. Her little tits still stood proud like little mounds on her chest, instead of flopping off to the sides like the ex's D cups did. I was starting to get hard again watching her tits and nipples as she started to come back to life. She rolled over to me and gave me a nice kiss, even though my face was still coated with her juices, something the ex would never even consider.

Her next move was to turn around with her pussy above my face while she proceeded to give me another world class blow job. Her body was slim enough that when she spread her legs to kneel over my face her pussy spread it self a little automatically. Unlike the ex, she kept her pussy up away from me instead of planting it on my face while she proceeded to inhale my cock. The first few strokes while I was getting hard went right down her throat. The second one she held me there for a second with her nose in my balls and worked my cock with her throat. After the third stroke I was too hard for her to take all the way in, but that didn't stop her from trying.

After those few nice strokes she turned around, held my cock to the entrance of her wet pussy, and slowly worked her way down on to me. I took her a bit to get me into her, working a few inches in, and then coming back up, each stroke taking a little more in. I thought the ex was tight with the plug in her ass, the roommate was tighter all by herself! She trembled a bit when she had me all in her with my pubes against her clit. She started rocking up and coming almost completely off before dropping back down with all her petite weight to impale herself on my cock. It only took about ten thrusts when she screamed back out cumming and then collapsed on my chest panting with my cock still mostly buried in her quivering pussy.

When she had caught her breath she uttered the first words since I had come inside. "Sorry about that, I couldn't hold off any more." And gave me another nice kiss and started rocking back and forth on my cock.

"I take it we're not done yet?"

That got a hurt look, "Not unless you want it to be." I grabbed her ass, lifted my knees, and thrust deep into her. "OH FUCK YES!"

"Do we need to find a rubber?"

"Uh Uh, I just got off my period, and I'm on the pill anyway." I got a good grip on her ass and began to give her a good fucking from underneath. She was grunting and groaning with every stroke. I could feel her hard nipples in my chest as she had a death grip around my neck. In getting a better grip on her ass I got a finger on her rosebud and she went off like a firecracker. Feeling her pussy grip my cock like a fist was all it took to set me off in her. We came to a stop like that, her on top of me with her nipples in my chest and my softening cock slowly coming out of her tight pussy.

We managed to untangle enough to go back to the shower and rinse off. She was playing with my cock a little while we drying off and I was starting to firm up a little. "Want to take you van out for a test drive and get some pizza, my treat?"

She gave me a quick kiss, "Yea.... I'd like that."

"Two conditions though, a short skirt with no underwear, and since we're still on your repair day I still get to look down your shirt at your nipples." And ran the backs of my fingers over them to punctuate my point.

She closed her eyes and sighed, "I could live with that. Do you need to run home and change?" I had worn my work clothes from the warehouse over to work on her van.

"Nope, I keep a spare set of clothes in my truck just in case." I threw my pants on and ran out to get my clothes. I came back in to find her putting on a knee length dress with buttons down the front.

She left the top several buttons undone, and was leaning over to undo some of the bottom ones giving me a nice look down the top. She stood up looking at me looking at her with a tent in my pants. "It's not that short, but it does have other advantages." She pulled the bottom open to reveal her thighs, and then lifted the whole thing to show her bare pussy.

"That will do nicely!" I slid my pants off with my cock standing out, which made her smile. We managed to let me get dressed with out too much groping and out the door. From the passenger seat I couldn't look in her top, but she pulled her dress up before we got in so her pussy was visible. At the pizza place I had her sit beside me instead of across so I could look down her top, and we took turns groping each other. I had the advantage of being able to put my hand in her dress and dip a finger into her wet lips every once in a while.

We had enough pizza, and got the rest to go, we were spending more time groping than eating. I even grabbed an application from the company that did the arcade there on our way out the door, they were looking for part time help, and I was looking for anything that would get me out of the warehouse. We went back to my place since it was closer and fucked like rabbits the rest of the evening. Since we both had the weekend off she stayed over night. I went to sleep with her spooned in front of me and my hand cupping a tit, and woke to a wonderful blow job which led to another morning of fucking like rabbits until almost noon.

Over the next few weeks I had sex with the roommate more than the ex, but it was at my place so it didn't cause any problems. After her going off like a rocket when I played with her ass during sex, I finally got her to admit wanting anal sex. We only did it twice, she was so small and tight that after that I had to use a little dildo on her ass otherwise she was walking funny for a few days.

After the repair days, she took to walking around the apartment like the ex in a half slip, but without the big tits to hold it up it kept slipping down around her waist. After a few times of it happening all in one night she said 'fuck it, he's seen it all already' and stripped it off and went naked. The ex was a bit shocked, but wound up dropping hers later when she noticed me looking quite a bit at the roommate. The last few weeks before she moved she went naked in the apartment quite a bit, and we snuck quick fucks, blow jobs, and pussy licks when we could.

She got a job offer in another town, and the ex decided we should give it one more chance. The roommate moved away, and the ex moved back in with me.