 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault

This part is a little light on the sex, but part of the story line.

To those of you that had nothing but negative comments on the first chapter but choose to submit as anonymous... oh well.

From the title you will see this is a multi part story, and unlike some authors, the story is complete before the first chapter is submitted. Yes I made a simple error in spelling, and I try to catch them, but since SEVERAL editors thought it was unnecessary to respond, you get what your fellow readers help with. If you want to volunteer let me know.

It was intentionally written without names. It was initially intended to be a part of a larger project in the works, but didn't fit as was submitted as an independent story.

This is my first submission so along this line, so I would especially appreciate comments from the women, and please identify your selves as such. It was inspired from a series of different events, but extrapolated extensively.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2013 by Acup

*

So the ex and I got back together... for a while. I got the job with the arcade company, and got a little increase in wages along with being able to dress nice and work in air conditioning instead of a hot warehouse. Eventually it went from part time to full time, and then to opening.

Things started to go downhill with the ex again, but I had a nice distraction at work. The other tech for the evening shift was a short buxom woman. She was separated pending divorce, a 40 DDD, and loved to suck cock, all by her own admission. During shift overlap she would occasionally pull me back to the corner of the parts room the camera couldn't see and give me a quick suck down, sometimes even taking a load. While I didn't find the opportunity to return the favor, she seemed content to have me grope and squeeze her big tits and reach in and roll her nipples between my fingers when I could.

A few months after the ex moved back in and I was settling in at the arcade she decided she wanted to try another separation. The next day the bosses told us they were going to be building a super arcade up in the entertainment district between three new hotels. It would be a twenty four hour operation, and four techs from the various small operations would be going there. This looked like an opportunity, the place I was working in and our apartment was way out on the south side of town. The new super arcade was going in up north, straight through the heart of downtown from where I was, and almost an hours drive on a light traffic day. Shortly after the announcement the boss came over and asked if I would consider working up there, he understood it would be almost an hour commute and would understand if I didn't want to. If I did there would be a nice raise in it for me. I told him I would think about it overnight and get back to him.

I drove up by the location after work, and they were just breaking ground on the complex scraping the sod off to get started so it would be a few months before it would actually happen, there was an apartment complex a few blocks away being built, and advertising rate breaks for those pre-leasing. We only had a little over a month to go on our current lease, so I got a pre-lease deal pending my verifying my current lease info, and the plan was set. I stopped by the arcade and talked with my grope and feel buddy to see if she knew where a guy could crash for a little while until I could get an apartment while the divorce proceedings were happening. She said her couch pulled out into a decent bed, and she walked around naked when at home. I pulled her around the end of the machines, groped her tit and tweaked her nipple telling her I'd be there tonight.

I went back to the apartment, and the ex was out with her girlfriends.... again, so I packed my stuff out into the truck grateful I had put a topper on a while back, left her a note saying the separation would be a divorce since she couldn't make up her mind, and headed back up to the arcade. My grope buddy gave me her key to get a copy made, her alarm code, and told me where the extra sheets were. I got the key copied, picked up pizza, and went to her place. I was delighted to find it wasn't a frilly girls place, just nice. I brought a few things in, did up the couch, and sat down to watch TV and eat pizza. She came in after work and headed straight for her room, she came back out as promised with nothing on. She was a little chubby now that I saw her naked, but a shaved pussy and those huge tits were swinging in the wind with nipples out was nice. She crawled over to my lap, pulled my shorts down and proceeded to give me one hell of a blow job. This time I was able to return the favor a bit, and reached under her to play with her clit. That spurred her on, and she came in my hand right after I put a load in her mouth.

I went in the next morning to open up, and the ex was there waiting for me. She didn't appreciate it when I made her wait outside until I had everything on and opened the front doors for business.

"So what's up with this?" Holding up the note I left for her last night.

"Just what it says."

"So what am I supposed to do?"

"Same thing you did the last three times, just on a permanent basis."

"What about the rent? It's due next week."

"I'll pay my half next month. The lease is up after that and you can do what you choose." I saw the boss come in the side door, so it was my chance to escape. "I gotta go, I have a meeting with the boss to get to." I left her standing there with not anything near the outcome I bet she was expecting.

I went in and told the boss I accepted the offer. He told me the time line, and what I could expect for a raise. If I wanted to help coordinate things for the new place it would be appreciated and the raise would come that much sooner. I told him about the impending divorce, and asked if it could be bonuses instead of pay raises until the divorce was final, and then send me down to the factory school for the rest of it. That way nothing would change on my end until after the divorce. He made some calls to his accountant, and later in the day we had a deal.

The next month was interesting. I went down to the apartment office, told them I would be leaving at the end of the lease, but the soon to be ex might stay on, and gave them that in writing, I paid my half of next months rent at the same time. I got copies of all the paperwork, and left an extra set in the apartment for the ex. I made one last look around the place, found a few little things I had missed, left the key on the counter, along with a note to get the phone changed over to her name because I was calling it in on my side at the end of the week to have it shut off if she didn't. I turned the button on the door knob and pulled it shut behind me. The rest of the day was spent taking the stuff out of my truck and down to the storage unit in the basement my grope buddy didn't use. Most of it fit, then I got rid of a few things I hadn't used in months at the Salvation Army.

The divorce was almost as easy. The state didn't require a lawyer, and since we had nothing to split, it was four pages double spaced that I filled in from templates downloaded off the internet. She kept her car and credit cards, I kept mine. I pulled half of the cash from the bank, and kept copies of the statement just in case. I filed the paperwork with the court, and got a court date about a month away. That next month was interesting. There was a little less activity between me and my grope buddy at work, but a whole lot more at home. Every night she would come in the door, go strip in her room, and come out to give me a wonderful blow job until I came in her mouth. I learned quickly to strip down before she got home when she ripped one of my pairs of boxers trying to get at my cock.

Most nights it would be on the couch, with me groping and squeezing her tits or fingering her clit to orgasm while she was on her knees sucking me down. Once in a while during the week, and almost always on the weekend, she would have me lay on the floor and kneel beside me. That was when I heard the term 'six pack me.' The object was to get all her holes filled at once. While she was sucking me down I was to jamb my thumb as far in her pussy as I could and hopefully drag my thumbnail across her g-spot and put my finger in her ass. Then finger fuck her pussy and ass while she fucked her mouth with my cock. Kneeling this way she took quite a bit more of me in, and had powerful orgasms when I gave her ass a good finger fucking.

This went on for about a month, and it was wonderful, I wasn't getting any pussy, but a willing mouth was a close second. The court date went well I thought, the ex didn't even show, so the judge just signed off. If she didn't contest it in the next sixty days I was officially a free man. The next day my grope buddies divorce was final, and being a Friday, we went out to a strip club having a couple's night to celebrate. She was getting lap dances from the guys, and I was getting them from the girls. Word got out we were both celebrating our divorces and we didn't pay for a drink the rest of the night. She got to let her tits hang out and be groped by anyone that wanted to, and I got some lap dances, including a few from a couple of the single ladies in the audience. Seems while you can't grope the paid dancers, there is no similar restriction on the customers. I squeezed lots of ass and tits, nibbled on a few hard nipples, and generally had a good time. She didn't get to suck any cock, but got a nice titty fuck and some cum on her face for the effort from one of the dancers just before closing. She left it there for a while until she had to make a 'potty run.'

While we weren't wasted, we were both to drunk to drive, so we gat a cab home. We staggered into the apartment and stripped down for the night. I was kicked back on the couch / bed when she came out from around the bedroom door and crooked her finger for me to follow. When I came into the bedroom she handed me a rubber, bent over the corner of her bed, and proceeded to lube her ass. When she laid forward on the bed, looked over her shoulder, the reached back to spread her cheeks I didn't have to be told twice. I slipped the rubber on and put my cock against her rosebud. I had put my cock against her ass and started to push a little figuring she would be a little tight when she relaxed and let me in. It was like fucking the old roommates' tight pussy! "FUCK MY ASS." was all she said. I gave her a good pounding until I couldn't take any more, I think she had at least two orgasms along the way, but I couldn't hold out for a third after having all that tit and pussy in front of me all night.

Once I regained my strength I rolled off of her and pulled my softening cock out of her ass with quite a suction noise, peeled the rubber off and deposited it in the toilet and staggered out to bed. There was never anything more said about her wanting her ass fucked, and we went back to the blow job with a six pack routine when I was at her place right up until I moved into my new apartment a month or so later. Although towards the end it changed to a small vibrator in her ass, and using a big vibrating dildo in her pussy, I never put my cock anywhere besides her mouth after that.