 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault

It was intentionally written without names.... Almost.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2013 by Acup

I relieved a VERY bored over night tech. We were a twenty four hour operation, but it was going to take a while until the overnight business picked up. The good part was I didn't have to actually 'open up'.

I made my rounds checking on the machines, then doing my 'manager' paperwork for an hour. The good and bad about a slow night shift was there was absolutely nothing for me to do when I got in.

I had to sit back and smile at the last twenty four hours. For as bad as yesterday started out thinking about 'her', it had turned out to be a wonderful day finishing with my bodybuilder. I did get a call from the boss about what had happened last night, and he was happy to hear it was a customer that intervened and not an employee. I didn't have the heart to tell him it was my new girlfriend....hmmmm my new girlfriend. I like the sound of that.

I did get a call from her around ten, "Your cum is dribbling down my leg." She whispered to me.

"You mean our cum don't you?"

I could hear the smile in her voice, "Yea, I guess I do. I'm going to have to put on regular underwear and a pad so I can sit down." Still talking quietly.

"Mmmmm but that does bring an interesting picture to mind, thinking about it dribbling down to your stocking tops. That reminds me, I never did ask you if that's what you usually wear, or if it was something special?"

"That's a conversation for a time when we can talk."

"And when might that be?"

"I don't have class Friday."

"Stay the weekend."

"My place, my weight set is here."

"With traffic I probably won't make it down until six thirty or seven."

"See you then, gotta go, bye."

This could be an interesting weekend. I cleaned the van out after work, and packed a bag for the weekend. Some casual and one nice set just in case. On a whim I had another key made for the apartment, also just in case. Friday couldn't go by fast enough, and even with a problem machine about the time I was handing things over to the second shift tech, I still got out at a pretty good time, going through downtown after the Friday rush. The image of her working with our cum running down her thighs into her stocking tops at work kept popping into my head making me grin like a kid at Christmas.

The real surprise was when I got to her place. There was a note on the door for me to come in quietly and get my instructions off the kitchen counter. Hmmm she definitely had something in mind. I heard muffled noises from her bedroom when I opened the door. I set my bag down and read the note on the counter. 'Strip down and bring this with you to the bedroom', there was a rubber packet next to the note. Now there was some VERY interesting noises coming from the bedroom, and a distinct aroma of pussy, so this could be interesting.

I stripped down and followed the instructions, but what I found stopped me dead in my tracks. There was a big chested black woman on the weight bench with her ankles tied back and wide to the ends of the bar bells. I think it was our black girl from the competition day, but since she was sitting on her face, one hand on a tit and the other driving a large dildo in and out of a spread pussy I couldn't quite be sire.

She looked down at my cock coming up HARD and grinned, then winked at me. "So you need to cum do you?" there was some mumbling from under her pussy. "Next thing you know you'll want your ass fucked too!" two black hands came up around her thighs and pulled her down for what sounded like a good tongue lashing. The hand came up off the tit, pointed to the rubber, then my cock. Then it went down to tickle the black girls ass, "You reeeeeeally want something stiffed in here do you?"

I was getting the picture as she slid just the tip of her finger in and out of that chocolate rosebud, making the black girls legs quiver. I had the rubber out of the package and on my cock in a flash, stepping right up to her.

She put her hand around my neck to bring me in for a hard kiss, then whispered in my ear, "Fuck her ass like you did my pussy the first night." I looked back at her with wide eyes. She just smiled, "You ready to get that ass pounded into next week?" there was some loud noises from under her, and she reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock to pull me up to the black girls ass. Between the dripping pussy and some lube on the rubber this was going to be good.

"Here it comes!" she grabbed my hips and pulled me into the black girls ass, it was tight, but she had definitely done this before. But a good tight ass is still wonderful. Instincts took over and I grabbed the black girls hips and started pounding her ass as she leaned over for some serious lips lock. Her hand on my neck holding us together while I pounded me some black ass and she got her pussy eaten by a screaming woman. Evidentially she had been trying to hold off, because pretty shortly she was cumming and screaming in my mouth, sending me over the edge and unloading in the black girls ass, well into the rubber at least.

We kept going until she collapsed on the black girl. I slid out of the black girls ass and down to the floor as she did, the rubber trying to come off my softening cock. I didn't soften too much, because as soon as I was clear she pulled the big dildo out of the black girls pussy and began eating her out in front of my face. The black girl started quivering again, and I moved closer to watch her eating another woman. Her pink tongue sliding between those black pussy lips and into the pink valley below was enchanting.

She looked at me, then brought her head up and pulled me in for a nice kiss above a gaping pussy, her lips and tongue still coated with another woman's juices. I could almost have cum again when she spread that chocolate pussy and nudged my head down to it. I didn't have to be asked twice, I dived in to that dribbling pussy, getting her another muffled screech in hers. I lapped a bit until she nudged me back and pointed to the ropes trying her ankles.

I stepped around the end of the weight bench, seeing a black forehead sticking out from under her ass. When I released her ankles from the ropes my bodybuilder let her legs down and then slid forward and rolled over down to the floor herself.

Just in front of my now hard cock was our black girl from the competition, her body with a sweaty sheen, her face coated in pussy juice all the way down to her neck and a dreamy look on her face. When she did open her eyes she looked up at my cock bobbing in front of her. She tiled her head back a bit and pulled me to her lips as far as the weight bench would allow. She only took a little more than the head of my cock in her mouth, but she was relishing the moment, so was I!

She managed to straddle the black girl, taking one of my hands and putting it on the huge black tit, and the other on her own, then putting hers behind my neck to draw me in. "Now that's how to start a weekend!" she said before pulling me in for a nice slow sensual kiss.

I couldn't argue. Fucking the black girls ass and then sharing her dripping pussy, now getting a nice kiss while a have one of each tit in hand and my cock being leisurely sucked on by that same black woman. And I had only been there less than an hour. We stayed like that for just a bit, when the black girl let loose of my cock, "I gotta peeeeee." That got both of them giggling, and she stepped off to one side letting the black girl get up and scurry off to the bathroom. That she didn't close the bathroom door I took as a good sign.

She snuggled back up against me, trapping my hard cock between her thighs. "Are you mad?"

"At what?" she nodded toward the bathroom, and I just shrugged my shoulders. "I hadn't planned it, but she stopped by after you called to let me know you were on your way. She was all cuddly and horny, so I thought I'd get you some ass to fuck."

I smiled back at her, "And you some pussy to eat?" she grinned and bit her lip, "and you did share that pussy with me."

That got a quick nod and a kiss, "She likes to have two dildos in her at the same time, I thought I'd give her a surprise too!"

I felt another warm body with some huge tits come up against my back, "And that you did missy!" the black girl turned my head enough to give me a quick peck and a look. I looked back at her, and got a slight nod, so I turned back and got a more serious kiss from the black girl while I was being squeezed from both sides. Being the man in a woman sandwich is nice, but when it's a woman bodybuilder sandwich it amazing. I couldn't have gotten out from between them if I wanted to... not that I really did.

They did release me enough I could pull the black girl around to make it a three way hug and kiss. A hard tit in each side and a firm cheek in each hand, "So what are we doing for supper now that we've had desert?"

That got me chuckles, "I have steak and potato for you, and I've got some other stuff for us."

"I hope not that bottle of what ever, you two need real food every once in a while."

The black girl reached down to stroke my cock, "True, but a girl had to get her protein shake every once in a while doesn't she?"

"Oh girl, you are just a cock whore. Keep him entertained while I start dinner." She gave us both a quick kiss and headed for the kitchen.

I turned her and cupped her ass, dipping a finger toward her rosebud, making her jump a bit, her hand never leaving my firm cock. We made our way to the living room groping each other and grinning. She was in the kitchen, still naked when the black girl sat me back on the couch, spread her pussy, and sank down on me with eyes closed and blissful smile. "I've been thinking about that since the day you gave me my massage...." I reached up to grope and squeeze her tits. Now don't take this wrong, but there is something so erotic about white on black. Her delicious nipples standing out between my white fingers, or my cock going into her chocolate pussy or ass. I could feel her pussy clenching some around my cock, but not nearly as strong and my girl..... hmmmmm, 'my girl!'

She began rocking back and forth on my cock, "No boyfriend?"

She piped up from the kitchen, "She says guys make too much of a mess."

I reached down to heft one tit and took a quick nip of her nipple, making her stop and clamp on my cock. "But every once in a while we're OK?"

She grinned back at me, then looked over her shoulder at her in the kitchen. "Especially when I have someone to clean up the mess you're going to make!" She stuck her tongue out at us, then made a licking motion before turning back to her cooking.

"Are you going to make a mess in my pussy?" she squeezed her tits up between her forearms and clamped down on my cock as best she could. "Is that big white cock going to unload on my chocolate pussy like it did in my ass?" she was rocking back and forth grinding her clit against my cock and working me pretty good. "Are you going to fill me thinking about her coming over her afterwards and eating your cum out of my...dripping...chocolate...pussyyyyyyyy!" she started cumming on me, and I followed right after. What she lacked in intended grip, she more than made up for in orgasm grip!

She was quivering and spasming and making little jumps as she came around my cock while I was doing my best to shoot her to the moon. I did manage to roll her to one side and lay on her catching my breath while she laid there with a smile. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and saw her standing beside us with a dripping pussy. I managed to sit up, expecting her to dive into the black girls pussy, but she took the black girls hand and put it over her own pussy, then turned to me. "You're first."

She kneeled down beside the couch and took me all the way in, not a problem in my shrunken state, but she licked and sucked and nibbled until she was sure I was thoroughly clean. She leaned up to me, then whispered, "Did you enjoy watching me eat her pussy?" in spite of the last hour, I was actually starting to firm up a little. I nodded and she grinned, "Want to watch again?" I just smiled.

She pushed me down towards the floor and scooted down between the black girls legs, spreading them WIDE. I kneeled down beside the black girl, my head on her stomach while I watched my girl clean that chocolate pussy. She did so VERY thoroughly. Nice long slow licks, around and around that spread pussy. Holding her wide and dipping in for a load of out combined juices, keeping them in the tip of her tongue to face me and look at me before swallowing them. She made a few more lewd licks up and around her clit before turning to me.

"Do me while you watch me do her." OK, now I wasn't rock hard hearing that, but plenty firm enough to slide into her willing pussy. I got up behind her while she was still licking, and spread her, getting a bit of her juices on my thumb. I seem to remember the black girl wasn't the only one that liked her ass played with.

I slid easily into her pussy, and when I was about half way in I slid my thumb in her ass. She gasped and moaned into that chocolate pussy, then began eating like a mad woman. I started giving her pussy a good fucking, matching my thumb in her ass to the strokes in her pussy. Now it was her turn to have her moans muffled by a pussy in her face, but when I reached forward to pinch a nipple she began spasming around my cock and trying to pull it off with her pussy muscles.

I had to hold still in her pussy for fear of breaking something, but I kept going with my thumb in her ass giving her a nice orgasm. I got a thumbs up from the black girl while she held my girls head to her pussy and squeezed her own nipple.

When I pulled my thumb out of her ass it was like a rag doll collapsing. Her pussy let loose of my cock and she dropped between the black girls thighs panting. I had my second wind after being drained earlier, so I got up and washed my hands and got damp towels for the girls. I handed the black girl one and began wiping down my girl with the other. Of course since I was there I made a few passes at that chocolate pussy!

The black girl grinned as she watched me wiping and touching my girl. I gave her a quick kiss as she came around. She gave me a kiss back and stumbled back to the kitchen. My steak and potato were just about finished. She popped her and the black girls' fish on, and then we sat down to wolf it down. I had to grin at the two of them eating like starving women while I enjoyed my decadent steak and potato. Of course bits and pieces of my dinner were snatched by each of them!

We were all grinning back and forth as we ate, but me and her most of all.

"So what are your plans this weekend?" the black girl asked.

"We're having a pre-celebration weekend." my girl responded.

"For what?"

She looked over at me quick, then back to the black girl. "His divorce is final Thursday."

"So that makes Reno the BIG celebration then!" the black girl was grinning, but she was looking back and forth between me and the black girl.

"I....Um...."

I looked at the two of them, "What's Reno?"

"The regional competition, going to be about three hundred women there, you're going to LOVE it!" The black girl was still grinning, but she wasn't.

She was looking at me, but talking to the black girl. "I haven't registered yet." She said quietly.

"Girl you been working for this all year, you better get registered or there won't be any spots left open." Her head came up and began looking back and forth between us looking at each other. "Oh hell, look at the time. I have to make a stop at the store before I go home." She wiggled into her tight jeans, making those huge chocolate tits bounce while she did, then slipped her tank top on and headed out the door, bra and jacket in hand.

She was looking down at her plate playing with the last little bit of food. I leaned over and lifted her chin to look at me, then gave her a quick kiss. I took the fork out of her hand and led her to the couch, sitting back on the end with my legs spread and patted the cushion for her to sit between my legs. I wrapped my arms around her, one around her belly and the other around her shoulders. "So how come you haven't registered yet?"

"I was thinking we'd have a celebration weekend to our selves...." She said kind of quietly.

"But a little birdie just said you've been working toward this all year. That makes it kind of important."

She pulled my arm around her shoulders down across her tits and hugged herself with my arm. "But not the most important."

I kissed her neck and then her shoulder, "But something important enough to work all year for it." She leaned her head over to rub against mine. "I wouldn't want you to regret not doing it because of me."

She looked back over her shoulder. "You sure?" I gave her a peck on the nose, "Well I did already put in for the time off." She smiled.

"Time off?"

"It's a Saturday Sunday event. We usually drive down Friday and back on Monday."

"WHOA!" I was smiling at that.

"Yea, it's about three times the size of what you experienced her downtown."

"Damn...." I was thinking about all the naked women, TIMES THREE! "That's a hell of a competition." We sat there cuddling for a while. "You should do it."

She turned sideways between my legs, "Really?"

"Really. If my last ten years taught me anything it was a ton of 'what ifs'. What if I had done this instead of that? What if I had said this instead of that?"

She put and arm around be hind me and pulled me in for a nice gentle kiss. "OK....." she bit her lip with a smile, "You could always come with us..." as she pulled my hand down to cup her tit and give it a squeeze.

I kicked my head back laughing, "Trying to coerce me with a hall full of naked women are you?"

She slid down my chest, "Mmmmm Hmmmm," as she took my hardening cock in her mouth, slowly licking and caressing me like an all day sucker. After shooting off several times already I was in no danger of popping off right away, and she seemed in no hurry to make me. I reached for the phone on the end table, she made sure to keep me between her lips while I twisted and moved, then settled in while I was on the phone, enjoying trying to distract me.

"Hello."

"Hey boss, got a question for you."

"What's up?"

"I've got a bit of a situation."

"Noting serious I hope?"

"No, more of a short notice kind of thing. Some friends of mine are headed out to Reno next weekend, and have invited me along to celebrate my divorce being final."

He laughed, "That sounds like the place to do it, what's the problem?"

"They are headed out for a weekend event and are leaving Friday and coming back Monday."

He was laughing, and I cold swear I could hear him shaking his head. "I was going to be flying out that Tuesday to meet with a manufacturer's rep on being a beta site. If you can get someone to cover your shift and meet with him that Monday I'll pick up the gas for the trip."

I had to stop for a second as she pushed down to jam me against the back of her mouth. "I'll check with the other techs and let you know." I managed to hand up the phone without dropping it. "Damn you make it difficult to talk on the phone..."

She came up off my cock, then licked from balls to tip. "Complaining?" she said smiling behind my hard cock.

"Never!"

"So what did he say?" as she took the head back in her mouth to run her tongue around the head.

"Ahhhhhhhh....he said.....he said if I could get someone to cover my shift it would be OK." She came up off my cock with a big smile, "And...."
