 She dropped the last of the chairs onto the stack at the side of the chapel. "Well, that's it till next time."

"Thanks Lynn. I can't tell you how much I've appreciated your involvement and support in getting these shows off the ground."

Alan reached out to give Lynn a hug as they finished the pub night clean up. She hesitated for a moment, holding eye contact, before turning her head again to accept a parting kiss on the cheek.

The kiss was brief and chaste as usual. Instead of parting immediately though, they continued to hold each other, moving back just enough to make eye contact again.

"Thanks for dancing with me last night."

"You too. It was fun."

Lynn absentmindedly flipped her thumbs on Alan's back. They continued their gaze, his look a little questioning now.

"Lynn."

"Yes?"

"What are you thinking?"

"Wondering what you're thinking."

"Hmm."

"What?"

"Kiss me."

"I think not."

"Why not?"

"We shouldn't."

"I think I've heard that."

"Good." She smiled.

"Kiss me."

"I don't think that would be a good idea."

"I think it's a great idea. 

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"It's complicated."

"I know. Kiss me."

"I don't want to kiss you."

"Is that true?"

"Sort of. No. It's complicated."

"So you said."

"We're both in relationships. It wouldn't be fair."

"To whom? Is the status quo fair?"

Lynn looked away.

"I know you want to be more free to choose. I know you hate labels and social restrictions. I know you are a potent, energetic soul. I know you want more. Take more. You are worthy. Kiss me."

She looked back questioningly. "What would it mean?"

"Nothing and everything. Friends. Lovers. Allies. It will only ever mean what you want it to mean. Don't be afraid. Please, especially, don't be afraid of me. Don't be afraid for me. I already pay a price every day."

Standing, silently questioning. Hearts probing through the eyes. Lynn's fingers clench slightly, slowly digging into his waist. Lifting her chin she leans forward. Alan meets her halfway and she places a soft, sweet kiss on Alan's lips. She lingers, shifting gently, sharing breath and affection.

Lynn leans back. "How was that?" Her eyes are shining, challenging.

"Exquisite," he grins. "Would you like to talk about it?"

"Shut up." She leans in for a second kiss.

Hands start to roam. Alan's right slips into Lynn's silky hair, massaging her scalp, holding the kiss. His left encircles her waist, pressing them belly to belly. Her hands clutch and dig into his shoulders and back.

Their kiss lengthens. More is shared. Soft inner lips touch, tongues greet. Teeth nip and lips caress offered flesh. Gripping Lynn's sleek hair in his hand, Alan tilts her head back, exposing her beautiful neck. He kisses her cheek, her jaw, her throat, her collar bone. 

With his lips and tongue, Alan shows her all the passion he is feeling for her right now: "You are the most beautiful, the most powerful, the most desirable person alive right now." The growing flush in her face and neck beautifully display her own passion. To desire and be desired is a beautiful thing.

As their lips connect again, Lynn's hands clutch and massage Alan's behind and back, teasing and tormenting. His hands mirror hers, delighting in the arch of her back and the swell of her hips and bum. Four lips slip and suck and consume each other as bodies press tightly: tectonic plates triggering small tremors as they rub against each other.. 

Alan parts Lynn's thighs with his own and she begins to grind her mound against the muscle and bone of his leg, building the heat between her legs.

Holding Lynn's hair again, Alan renews his caressing dance upon her throat and jaw and neck. His other hand rises to her breast and cups it firmly, massaging, squeezing, pinching. Hard and gentle—changing, reacting to Lynn's moans and clutching hands.

Without breaking their kiss, Alan slowly guides Lynn the two steps back to the wall by the leaded glass window. She revels in his body pressing her to the wall. She feels powerful and irresistible. 

He slowly slides down Lynn's body, kissing every part of her as he sinks to his knees at her feet. He presses his face into her belly and runs his hands along her waist and ribs and breasts—caressing, massaging, inflaming. His chest is pressed against her pubic bone as he kisses her belly, and she presses back, hard against him, rubbing. Her hands are tangled in his hair pressing his face deeper into her belly.

"Kiss me. Lick me." She pushes Alan's head down. 

Alan drops his hands from Lynn's breasts to the top of her jeans where she is wrestling with the button. She pops the button and wrenches the fly open and Alan yanks her jeans over her hips and down to her ankles, taking her lace panties with them. Stepping out of her puddled clothes, she spreads her feet and touches his cheek.

"Do it."

Alan grasps Lynn's hips and parts her lips with his nose, sliding up between them and following with his tongue as he raises his head. God, she smells beautiful, he thought. She pulls his hair, guiding him back in.

Hands drifting to Lynn's thighs, Alan caresses the outer lips of her vulva with his tongue, digging a little deeper with each pass until he is stroking both inner and outer lips on each pass, her swelling lips closing behind his flattened tongue as he passes.

Leaning back into the wall, Lynn steps a little wider and she opens more fully, exposing her inner lips and clitoral hood to Alan's eyes, not just his tongue. He presses deeper, kissing and sucking her inner lips and gently licking her clitoris. Each time he passes, he changes his trajectory or presses harder.

Kissing and licking and sucking all he can reach, Alan slips his middle finger slowly into her vagina and begins to swirl it gently around. Caught by surprise, Lynn yanks him by the hair into her groin and her knees start shaking.

Aware that Lynn is rising fast to orgasm, Alan starts to fuck her with his middle finger while sucking on her clitoris, adding internal friction to the mix. And then two fingers, filling her more. 

Pressing hard on her g-spot as he strokes his fingers in and out, he slips his other hand under Lynn's shirt, squeezing her breast through her bra.

With a growl, Lynn yanks her shirt over her head and pulls her bra down to expose her breasts to Alan's hand. She puts one hand back in his hair and grasps the breast that he isn't with the other.

Alan is licking and humming into her inner lips and clitoris. He switches from stroking in and out, to curling and un-curling his fingers in a "come hither" motion sending waves crashing from her vagina to her breasts and face and throughout her body.

Continuing to suck and tease her lips and clitoris, Alan added a third finger to the stroking and curling inside and pinched her nipple hard. Lynn cries out, her vagina pulsing and clenching Alan's hand. Her shaking knees let go and trembling consumes her entire body, dampened with ecstatic sweat.

Alan catches her and lays back, gathering Lynn to his chest, so she won't have to lay on the wooden floor. 

Lynn nuzzles into Alan's chest and neck, tucking her arms in, in an invitation to be held. Alan holds her close, stroking her hair and back, unclasping her bra, and wondering if he could reach one of the tablecloths to throw over them so Lynn doesn't get cold. Too far to reach. Oh well, it's pretty warm in here anyway.

They lie cuddled like that, just listening to each other breathe, for five or ten minutes. The hardness of the floor, starts to irritate Alan's back and he shifts slightly. Lynn discards her loose bra and snuggles in again, saying, "I think maybe we should move before we injure you permanently."

"I'm ok."

"I'm not sure I believe you, but we'll go with it for a few more minutes. Thanks for the 'kiss'." Alan could hear the smile in her voice.

"Anytime, friend and ally."

Lynn lifted her body a bit and undid the top button of Alan's shirt, planting a kiss at the base of his throat.

"Mmm. I like that. I like the kiss and I like the view. Are you warm enough?," he queried.

"I'm good, but maybe you're a little overheated?" Lynn smiled, undoing the next button.

"You know, I think I might be. Do you have any ideas?"

Two more buttons released. "I might." Lynn slipped the last button and his shirt fell open.

She slides her hands up Alan's chest combing through his salt and pepper hair on the way to his shoulders and leans in to kiss his neck. Slipping her hands back down to his chest, Lynn leans in to kiss Alan's nipple and then flick her tongue across it before repeating the sequence on the other side.

Alan jumps a little and turns his head to the side. 

Lynn smiles. "Am I bothering you?"

"Yes. But I like it."

Lynn returns to kissing Alan's chest and licking and sucking his nipples. Alan strokes her back and hair and sides and breasts.

"You know Alan, there seems to be something hard pressing against my stomach. Do you mind if I check it out?"

Alan laughs and tweaks her nipple. "Go ahead. I have my suspicions."

Lynn lets her hands run down Alan's chest to his waistband as she comes up to a kneeling position over him. Lynn's vulva is pressing warmly and wetly against his thigh again as she unbuttons his jeans.

Unzipping his fly, Lynn peels back Alan's jeans like a banana skin. His erect penis is already peeking out above the waistband of his black trunks. Lynn lifts her head and smiles at Alan.

Kneeling up, Lynn starts to wrestle Alan's jeans down. Alan lifts his hips to make it easier. 

"Wait," he says. "Let me put down a few tablecloths so nobody gets a splinter in this old floor." Lynn swings her leg from over Alan's leg and he jumps up to grab a few tablecloths.

Alan spreads all seven of them out in a stack to make a slightly more comfortable space for love-making. At least it would be splinter free. He quickly strips the last of his clothes off and is about to lay down again, when Lynn stops him.

"Just stand there on the tablecloth. You look good enough to eat."

"I hope so, you certainly were."

Lynn steps close, her belly pressing his erection back to his own stomach. Grasping his hair, she holds his head back while she kisses and bites his cheek, his jaw, his throat, his shoulder, his nipples. Releasing his hair, she runs her hands down his chest to his stomach, following them with her lips kissing and biting him as she lowers herself to her knees.

Looking briefly up up at him with a smile, she doesn't touch his penis or testicles even though he is shaking with desire. Instead, she slowly and gently kisses his pelvic bone just to the left of his erection and then down the inside of his thigh, his knee, his ankle. Changing direction, her hands slide up the outside of his legs to his hips and she kisses the pelvic bone on either side of his penis without touching where he desperately wanted her too.

Blowing gently across his erect penis, Lynn rests one hand on his hip and brings the other up between his legs to stroke his testicles. She leans a little closer and licks his shaft from base to tip, causing him to shudder. 

She does it again. 

And again.

Taking the entire head of his circumcised penis in her mouth, Lynn swirls her tongue around the tip and under the glans. She feels it swell in appreciation. 

She continues the swirling around the shaft and starts to suck a little as well—slowly moving his penis in and out of her mouth. Each time she takes him back in, she pushes a little deeper. As she touches the head to the back of her throat, she switches from sucking to swallowing in hopes of resisting gagging. As she does this, Alan moans and twitches. 

Lynn backed off to breath and then took him to the back of her throat again, repeating the swallowing action. 

"Oh my god, Lynn. You are amazing."

Alan is involuntarily rocking into her now and Lynn uses her hand on his hip to control the speed and depth, but continues her own movements. 

Soon, sensing he was likely to come, Lynn backs off and gently kisses the head and squeezes the shaft with her hand, cooling him down a little.

Sucking Alan was making Lynn aroused and squirmy again and she was feeling a need for some touching of her own. "Lay down, Alan."

Straddling his face, as he lay on the tablecloths, she lowered her vulva to his waiting lips and hands. Placing her hands on Alan's hips, she lowered her own lips to Alan's rigid penis.

As Lynn masturbated Alan with her hands and licked and sucked with her mouth, Alan got reacquainted with Lynn's juicy vulva. She had got quite hot again while sucking Alan and her lips were already quite swollen. 

Sucking and french-kissing Lynn's vulva, Alan pushed his tongue as deeply into her as he could. His hands reached around and stroked her behind and spread her cheeks and lips, exposing her more fully to his lips and tongue and eyes.

As his lips inflamed and teased her, Alan's nose tickled at Lynn's perenium and his fingers traced the crack from her lower back to her anus. Wetting a finger with saliva, Alan began to gently tease her anus as he sucked her clitoris. Lynn reacted strongly, pushing back and squirming against his face and fingers and driving his phallus deeply into her throat for a moment.

Coughing and coming up for air, Lynn rolls off and faces Alan, saying huskily, "Oh fuck yes. Oh god. I want you inside me. Now."

"Fuck. I want to. But I can't. I never thought this would happen. I don't have a condom."

"Shut up. Don't care. Fuck me."

"You say that now. Do we stop and talk risks and sexual history now? Or finish with some mutual masturbation and kissing?" 

"You know it all anyway."

"Probably, but we haven't really talked clearly about it."

"Fine. You killed the mood anyway. Jerk. You sure you won't just slip on in? We've already shared a few fluids."

"How about we sit facing and side by side and masturbate each other while we talk?"

Sidling up and pressing his hip to Lynn's, Alan slips two fingers into her steaming vagina and slowly rocks them in ant out.

"Oh. Yes."

"Your fertility is kinda thrilling," Alan said. "but I had a vasectomy that has proven successful over 14 years. So pregnancy is a non-issue."

"Mmm. Good. Don't need another baby." Lynn closed her hand around Alan's shaft and began to stroke, using some saliva as lubricant.

"Although Deb and I aren't monogamous, we happen to have been exclusive for more than ten years". Alan flicked his thumb gently over Lynn's clitoris as his fingers went deep.

"Sandy and me have been exclusive for eight. We're both healthy as you know." Lynn, leaned over and bit Alan's shoulder while she stroked his shaft. "Satisfied? Can I please get this inside me now?"

"As you wish." Alan stroked Lynn's g-spot very firmly on the next stroke, using his thumb on her clitoris as leverage and catching her as she arches back onto the tablecloths.

Hand caught in her hair, he fastens his mouth onto hers and kisses her hard. Teasing her lips with his tongue he invites her tongue to come out and play with his. Tongues and lips dance while hands masturbate each other. Their moans become a kind of throat-singing between them as their lips remain in contact.

Alan finally breaks the kiss and lowers his head to Lynn's breasts, sucking in the nipples and as much of her beautiful flesh as he can, flicking her nipple with his tongue.

Lynn bucks against his face and hand and struggles to keep masturbating his cock. She pulls gently on his penis, "Fuck me. Now."

Alan rises over Lynn as she spreads her legs to accommodate him. Placing the head of his penis at the entrance to her vagina, he smiles at her and waits. She raises her hips trying to push him in, but he is able to maintain his position. The hunger in Lynn was acute now and she starts to plead.

"Is there something you want?" Alan grins.

Lynn reaches forward with both hands and digs her fingernails into his behind. Alan lunges forward and falls right into Lynn's arms and vagina. They both groan.

"That feels wonderful."

"You feel wonderful."

Alan rises up from Lynn's chest and onto his elbows and kisses her. Holding the kiss, he slowly withdraws until he rests at the entrance to her vagina again. 

And then. Slowly. Slides back in. He repeats this for a minute or so before Lynn's fingernails and hips tell Alan to pick up the pace.

He obliges and starts to thrust in earnest now. Still coming almost all the way out before plunging all the way in again, but a bit faster and with more force. Supporting himself on his elbows and kissing Lynn, Alan swung his hands onto her chest and massage her breasts from the outside in to her nipples in a pinching motion. As their thrusting gets wilder and the kissing turned hard, he pinches Lynn's nipples hard.

Lynn gives a little cry at the end of every thrust now. The smack of flesh on flesh is beautifully rhythmic. The pain in her nipples timed with the impact of each thrust is exquisite. There is nothing else in the world.

Sliding her hands over and around Alan's back and ass, she tells him her passion through caressing hands and stabbing nails. Remembering how inflamed she got when he touched her anus, she gathers some lubricant from between them and slides one hand into the crack of his ass.

Alan's sudden reaction causes him to pound hard into her and pinch her nipples harder than anything yet, his face falling to her throat and sucking. She gently probes further and he starts to lose control.

The sensation of having his anus penetrated while his penis is gripped by the velvet glove of Lynn's vagina is more than Alan

can handle. He knows he will come any moment. He drops his left hand from Lynn's chest and slips it between them, pressing hard and stroking her clitoris as they buck wildly against each other. The additional pressure on her clitoris, causes Lynn to clench and shudder almost immediately, her vagina clamping and pulsing on Alan's shaft. Alan's orgasm comes too, and he showers Lynn's deepest places with his semen. 

They move slowly again, rocking and stroking, enjoying the little aftershocks of almost too much stimulation. Soon, they simply lay pressed together, holding, cuddling.

Slowly, Alan's penis shrinks and starts to slip from Lynn's softening vagina. Alan lifts himself from Lynn's body and kisses her on the nose, then cheek and jaw and throat and collarbone. As Lynn continues to lie smiling, almost purring, he continues to kiss his way down her body: breasts, ribs, belly, belly-button, mons. An open, but very gentle kiss on the still gaping lips of her vulva and then on to her inner thigh, knee, calf and ankle. When he is done, he curls up beside Lynn, draping a hand across her belly and a leg across her hips, nuzzling her neck with his lips.

"This is the kind of morning after the night before that I could get to like. Friends?" Alan asks.

"Mmm. Friends. But it's still complicated," Lynn smiles.

"Beautifully complicated."