 I walked out of the office for my mid-afternoon break. I usually go towards the restroom around the corner from my office to check my hair in the mirror and maybe step outside for some fresh air. But this time it's different.

You just happen to catch me walking around the corner and we smile and say hi. But as I go into the other hallway, I hear footsteps behind me. I turn around just in time to see you swing me towards you against the wall.

"Did you mean what you said?"

"When?" I ask.

"Online, those things you said about me... did you mean them?"

"Of course..." I reply.

"Then prove it" you say, as you pull me in closer and we start kissing passionately. I'm completely yours as you hold me close to your body and I can feel the crotch of my pants getting tighter. My hands pull your face closer to mine and our kisses become deeper and longer.

We finally need to come up for air and pull ourselves away from each other for a minute. You can see the tent that you caused with my pants and laugh as you look up at me, knowing that I can't go back to the office like that.

I tell you I should go cool off so I can get back to work, but you stop me and kiss me again. I jump a little as I feel your hand reach into my pocket and then pull it back out.

You start walking away, stopping at the corner to wave and smile, and it takes me a minute to figure out what just happened. I reach into my pocket for my comb and find a piece of paper.

"I think about you too. Here's my address. I hope you come see me before you leave for home tonight..."

I'm overwhelmed and scared all at once! I pray that my dreams have come true, and I know the end of the day won't come quickly enough.

***********

I lock up the office and head out the door. I glance over and you're sitting on one of the chairs in the hall.

"Surprised?" you ask with a smile.

I just nod and don't know what to say. You stand up, walk over to me, and start kissing me again. My head is swimming and I really don't know what to think.

"Walk me to your car," you say as you take my hand. We start walking to the parking lot, stopping every once in awhile to steal a quick kiss.

When we get to the car, you look over to me as I try to remember how to start the car. I feel like I'm in a dream and realize that life just doesn't get better than this. I put the key into the ignition but just leave it there. I lean towards you to kiss you on the lips and then your cheek before moving to your neck. By this point, I'm so turned on that I can't help myself. Still kissing your neck softly, one of my hands reaches under your shirt and I gently explore your breasts.

I realize where I am, stopping suddenly and apologize. You just smile and point to the wheel. We drive to your apartment, and you lead me by the hand to your room.

The second the door closes, we start making out again, kissing more passionately than we had before. I slow things down a little and kiss your lips softly, looking into your eyes in between kisses.

I look at you and realize that you are sexier than ever and that I am going to have a difficult time keeping my hands off you. I walk you closer to the bed and gently push you down. You lay down with your head on the pillows and motion for me to come closer. I crawl on top of you and we start kissing again. Your hands start tugging at my shirt and I stop long enough to pull it off.

It feels incredible as your hands rub up and down my back and I kiss you. I feel your nails dig into me a little as I start kissing your neck. I hope to God that this is turning you on as much as it turns me on to kiss you there.

I can't take it anymore and need to feel more of your body against my chest. I help you pull off your shirt and let you lie down again as I continue kissing your neck and start in on the top of your chest. I work my lips down to your cleavage while I reach underneath you to unhook your bra. You raise your arms so I can pull it off and start kissing your breasts, sometimes stopping to gently suck on one or to flick your nipple with my tongue.

You hold my head against you as I kiss your body. My thoughts continue south after awhile, and I reach down to unbutton and unzip your jeans. I go back to kneel at your feet as you help me pull your jeans off. As I head back to kiss your lips, I can feel your warmth underneath me, excited by the thought of tasting you again.

As I kiss you, I reach down to place my hand against your panties and feel how hot you are. This gets a slight reaction from you, and I can't wait much longer. I start kissing my way down your breasts to your stomach and then to your waistline. I sit up a little to slide your panties down and you bend your legs up to help me.

There you are, looking up at me with your legs slightly spread apart. I feel in control as I realize that I'm still partially clothed and you're completely naked underneath me.

I move down towards the end of the bed more so I can get closer to your pussy and then start kissing around your lips. I gently lick and kiss the area around your pussy, but I'm careful to avoid it. I can sense that you are getting a little anxious, and I ever-so-lightly lick from the bottom of your lips until I almost reach your clit. My cock throbs at the moistness that my mouth is experiencing. I start eating you out, slowly at first, and gently. After a few minutes, my tongue is licking and pushing harder and I get one of my fingers wet and push it inside you as I eat you out. I work another in as you get wetter and more relaxed, wishing that I could replace my fingers with my cock.

You look down at me and we catch each other's eyes. You know that I want to be inside you and you pull my head away from your pussy. You sit up and start unbuckling my belt. My cock is pressing against my pants and you know that I need you more than I've ever needed you before.

You push me down onto the bed and take control as you start taking my pants off...