 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault

It was intentionally written without names.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

She finishes the last few chapters of the story......

Christmas morning... him on his back with each of us on a side. I ran my hand over to push a strand of her hair back, she opened her eyes and smiled back, bring my hand down to kiss it. I took her hand and brought it back to me to kiss it as well.

He was awake, we each got a kiss on our forehead, "Good morning gorgeous, good morning beautiful." And then he slid his hand down to grope out tits! Yup, still our man!

"Look outside." He said.

"IT'S SNOWING!" it was a nice light big flake snow. No whipping wind, no two feet of drifts, just a nice gentle snow. "This is the perfect Christmas!"

We lazed around the apartment all day, watching old movies and talking about the future.

What was really funny was we really didn't have any plans. I had finished law school, and beyond the bar exam and wanting to work with children I didn't have any.

Our blond wasn't much better, like me she hadn't planned much beyond law school either.

Him on the other hand...he said he had definite plans. He was, and I quote, 'Going to molest the two of us for as long as he could get away with it.'

After which he proceeded to pull us into a group hug and kiss. We spent the day watching old movies, snuggling under a blanket on the couch, and just having 'what if' conversations.

Monday was nice! We got to cuddle in bed while watching HIM get dressed. Seems his hard cock was getting in the way for some reason. It couldn't be because we were making out and playing with each other, kissing each other and then glancing at him, running fingers through pussies and licking them off....NAAAAA!

This was also the first morning I started out with my yellow plug at home. I had slipped the blue in first, but it went in so easily, I popped it right back out and pressed the yellow to my ass. I felt it stretch me a bit, but settled in nicely like it belonged there.

And since I didn't have to work and she didn't have class, we decided it was going to be take your fiancés to work day... we just forgot to tell him!

We got our skin tight stretchy jeans, lacy bras, and some thin t-shirts. You could definitely make out the lace and lump of nipple, and if you looked close you could make out a circle or areola!

We each checked the other out just to make sure. Running my hands up her sides, thumbs under her tits along her bra, then up to rub back and forth across her nipples, feeling them stand out even more while I played with them. I let my hands slide down to her ass as I leaned into her for a nice kiss. Her tongue circling mine as she brought her hands up. Feeling them up under my tits cupping them like an underwire bra. SHE KNOWS HOW THAT GETS MY PUSSY WET!

Her hands cupping my tits and giving them a little bounce as she brings her thumb and finger up around my nipple. Feeling her tweak and roll it..... OH SHIT.... I wrapped my arms around her while I creamed my pussy. Humping my mound against hers through our jeans with a nice little orgasm, pulling the camel toe these jeans gave me even tighter!

Now where were we...oh yea, going to wear this to the mall next time, but darken my nipples just to make sure they could be seen! I might even have to get a little fanny pack so I can cut the bottom from his other pants pocket!

A short cab ride later and he was standing there with his mouth open. Seems he approved of our outfits. With only one or two people at a time all day we chatted and played, having to make a few trips to the restroom....no cameras there...for a little relief. I just made sure to slip my plug out before going in there with him. It was still going to be a surprise.

We made it home without getting into too much trouble, but as soon as we got in the door the clothes came off and it was grope and fuck for the next two hours.

We took turns laying back and getting well fucked, but not letting him cum! Lying beside the other while she got plowed, nibbling on nipples while tits jiggled. We did our best to get the other off, cumming all over him and licked him clean until he was doing his best to cum in one of us.

I was on my back, legs up high, feeling his balls slapping my ass when he began to clench up. He wasn't going to hold back any longer. He did actually manage to get a little into my pussy before I scooted back a bit and our blond wrapped her hand around his cock and kept him going, shooting all over my belly and tits. Feeling his hot cum on the underside of my tit almost got me off... again!

He had a rather perplexed look on his face even as she was stroking the last of it out of him. She took the tip of his cock and sucked the last bit out, then pushed him aside and settled on me. We squirmed and kissed, getting his cum all between us... then rolling back off me to lick some from my tits, and I in turn from hers.

When he was ready to attack us again we led him to the bathroom and sat him on the toilet, then proceeded to lather and enjoy each other while he watched, his own private shower show. Sliding up and down and around each other, he got a bit wide eyed when I used my nipple on her clit! Made me quiver too! We took our time drying each other as well, her standing behind me and jiggling my tits as she dried me. Feeling the heat of her mound against my ass. Watching his cock start to come back to life before she headed for the spare bedroom.

He watched her go, and looked back to me puzzled. "She still has to work tonight."

He smiled and shook his head, "I guess I just get too used to you two being around..."

I pulled him up and wrapped my arms around his neck. "Well you better get used to it, we're not going anywhere." I pulled my hand around enough to show him the ring he had put on our fingers, turned it with my thumb, and then put my arm back around him and pulled him in tight for a nice kiss and body rub. Letting my landing strip move up and down his firming cock.

"After unloading between you two it's going to be a while before I recharge..."

"That's the whole idea..." I drug him back to bed, and we rolled and cuddled. Played and stroked. We nibbled and teased and nibbled some more without the intense need to get off, even if I was starting to squirm when he nibbled from my neck down to my nipple! Exploring every little bit of each other. I even let him nibble on my ear lobe a bit....A VERY SHORT BIT!, before I had to roll over on top of him and sink down on him.

Even then I was enjoying the feeling of him buried deep within me. Lifting and slowly settling back down. Feeling his cock go past my lips as it invaded me. Feeling his cock hit all the right spots inside me. Leaning over to kiss him or feed him one of my nipples while I gyrated on him. Leaning back to feel his balls against my ass when I arched back and cupped my tits up high and proud.

And those hands, oh those hands, roaming over me where he could reach. Then he caught me. As I was leaning forward he brought his knees up making me lay over completely on him. One arm around my neck to hold me in for a nice kiss...while he set me up for the attack!

I almost felt it in time, but he started moving under me, working my pussy with that delicious cock... and then his other hand was going across my ass. Before I realized where it was headed it was too late, his finger went in my ass with no resistance while he began fucking me from underneath. Our tongues doing battle on one end while his cock and finger did the other. Timing his cock and finger together in my own double penetration....

I thought I could hold off, I really did after earlier, but as soon as I felt him cumming in me that was it. I wrapped my arms around him like I did the blond last night. Holding on while he filled me and I came around him, his finger never stopping in my ass. His cock pulsing and shooting his warm cum into me. All I could do was hang on and ride it out... every little twitch I made just made his finger move in me some more...and all I could think about was what his cock was going to feel like in there....

We finally came to a halt from pure exhaustion. Even with his cock softening in me I wanted to keep him there. I did manage to keep my legs together enough to keep his load in me as I slid down to clean him.

I know a lot of women don't like their own taste, and some truly don't, others just think it and make it so. Me I like the taste of a good woman, and I'm one of them! But I LOVE the taste of my man mixed with girl juices. I'm a little on the tart side, while the blond is definitely on the sweet side!

After two loads he was worn out, and I'm not even sure he stayed awake long enough for me to crawl up beside him...partially because I didn't stay awake much after that either.

Tuesday....the day before graduation. This was going to be the day I find out if I can take him in me tomorrow night.

Our blond got home a little before he left for work, and we chatted a bit before I got my books out like I was going to start studying for the bar exam. I know how much she hates studying, so pretty soon she decided to go visit some friends and leave me to it.

As soon as she was out the door I was in the bathroom with my toys and lube. I slid the yellow plug in smiling at the full feeling it gave me. Now for the first test, I reached back and slipped the plug out, and pressed my well lubed dildo against my ass. I was pressing and playing feeling the tip trying to invade me, but it wasn't going to be going in there soon, and I wanted him in there tomorrow night!

OK, plan B, I took one of my pointier vibrators, a bit smaller, and lubed it up, taking my lubed finger and getting my ass well lubed as well.

I turned it on low and brought it to my ass...AND JUMPED! Damn that was NICE!

I brought it back up and started running it around and over my ass, getting quite a tingle in my pussy as I brought it directly over my rosebud. I began to press it to my ass, feeling the vibrations run through me as it opened me up. Pulling my ass a bit as it went in and out.... I could feel it tugging on me as it did.

I was panting as I scooted to the bedroom carpet, holding the vibrator in me on low as I sank to the carpet on my side. One arm pushing on my tit a bit as I snaked my hand down to my clit, the other behind me with a firm grip on the vibrator in my ass.

As I strummed my clit with two fingers I picked up the pace on the vibrator in my ass, slowly at first, enjoying the feeling of having something that large and long in me. Feeling the tingle in my pussy working its way up to my nipples. Breathing harder and harder as I brought myself closer, until I was ramming that vibrator into my ass, turning it up by accident only spurned me on more until I came...

Oh and this wasn't your run of the mill get yourself off orgasm. This was a grab your tit and rip it off orgasm, this was a strain your legs and curl your toes orgasm. I was laying there on my side, legs strained to the point of cramping while my pussy was flooding and my ass clenching around that vibrator spasming in one orgasm after another. I probably would have lain there for hours like that if the right clench hadn't shot that vibrator out of my ass and half way across the floor.

I guess that's when I realized, it wasn't the size for me so much as the desire. I wanted him in me, and a little distraction the first time or two was all that was necessary. Something my vibrating egg would take care of.

Wednesday evening I did just that. He came home to find me cleansed and bent over the back of the couch.

"Now that is a sight to come home to!"

"I sure hope so!" and reached back to slip my finger in my own ass... OK I groaned a bit when I did... I NEED HIM IN MY ASS!

His eyes went wide and his hands went to his pants. 'grin' I turned around and sank to my knees as he was dropping them. "Boy do I have someplace for this!" I took him in my mouth... every little vein and ridge...every little vein and ridge that was going to be in my ass!

He was a little surprised when I began lubing his cock, "No rubber?"

"None needed..... or wanted....."

I stood up and handed him the remote for the egg in my pussy, "What's this for?"

"That's the remote for my egg...to ahhh...get me started..." he just grinned. I bent back over the couch, reached back and spread myself, then looked over my shoulder. "Fuck me and fill me..."

So there I was ass end up spreading myself like a wanton slut for my man to fuck my ass...and I was trembling in anticipation....

"FUCK!!!" he turned the egg on...FULL!

"Ooops.." as he turned it down to low.

His hands took the place of mine to spread me, and I put mine on the cushion to brace myself.

SON OF A BITCH... HIS COCK IS PRESSING AGAINST ME! So soft and yet so hard, trying to invade my ass...relax....relax....

My ass is starting to give way...and the head of his cock popped in. "Yesssssssss....."

"You ok?"

I could feel my ass clenching around him. "Mmmm Hmmmm....just give me a second." It hurt a bit, feeling him split my ass, and yet my clit and nipples were on FIRE! "Slowly...."

He started moving in and out a bit, more flexing my ass than anything...DAMN THAT FELT GOOD! "more...."

He started actually pushing his cock in me, feeling it going deeper, then pulling back out until the head was pulling against my ass. Each stroke driving deeper. Just when I thought he had it all in he would pull out and drive it even deeper still!

"OH GOD!!!!!!" I felt his balls against my pussy...against my pussy! He had it all in! I had my man buried in my ass! I turned enough to see him out of the corner of my eye, and in my most guttural, slutty way I could think of..."FUCK MY ASS..."

He got a better grip on my ass and he did it! He was fucking my ass! I was glad I had draped a towel over the back of the couch the way my pussy was running down my legs. OH YES! Feeling the ridges of his cock sliding out of me until just the head of his cock was in me, then all the way in until I was STUFFED!

WHY HADN'T I DONE THIS BEFORE! "more..." he picked up his pace, hard enough to almost feel like he was spanking me. My legs were trembling, and I could feel my belly clenching against nothing. 

I turned a bit, "don't stop until you have to..." he picked up his pace, really driving into me, his balls slapping my wet open pussy, grunting every time he bottomed out in me.

I was cumming and screaming... my belly was clenching and flowing. His cock was driving into me harder and faster. "FUCK FUCK FUUUUUCK......"

He was cumming in me! I could feel his cock pulsing ten times more than what it felt like in my pussy. He was pumping and pumping and I had totally lost control of my body. Everything was flailing and I was saying something...or screaming something. I know I was making noises but I have no idea what.....

He was laying over me, his cock still in my ass but softening. I slid my green plug over a bit, and felt it being taken from my hand. He stood up a bit, then pulled his cock from me... OH SO EMPTY! For a brief moment I could feel a breeze in my ass, then he slid my plug in me.

"MMMmmmmmm. I love youuuuu...."

He leaned back over me, kissed my shoulder, "I love you too."

I didn't have the strength to move.... I was draped over the back of the couch, my plug filled ass in the air, my pussy dribbling down well past my knees. I was such a slut for him.... And I loved it.

I started to push myself up and saw our blond on the couch across from me with her fingers in her pussy. "Good thing I took tonight off..." she panted. All we could do was grin and giggle at each other.

I tried to stand, but my legs collapsed under me. But my ass! OH GOD MY ASS! I could feel his load moving in me, that huge plug between my cheeks.... Even when I was able to stand I could feel the head keeping my cheeks spread a bit.

He brought us both cold glasses of water, "You look absolutely radiant, too bad you have to get dressed for this."

"Then I'm not going to!" I slipped my gown and long coat on and the three of us headed for the ceremony, my dress left across the back of the couch. And the sales rep was right, it's definitely the best way to get your ass fucked! I walked across the stage with just my cap and gown, his ring, and his load in my ass! After the ceremony I ducked into a bathroom to slip my gown off and my coat on.

And the managing partner was right in his own way, I did get several offers from around the country, and many of them were tempting, and a few even better than the firm I was currently working for. But I wasn't the only one to consider though; most of them blew me off when I told them I had to consider what my fiancé had to say and what his work availability would be. I never did figure out how to say there was also our girlfriend to consider....he he he.

The next six weeks were a bit hectic, since I had my law degree, and accepted the offer from the firm up to the point of my actually passing the bar exam, my work load got both lighter and heavier at the same time. The actual client work was a bit lighter, but the push to study for the bar exam more than made up for it. And while I wasn't taking classes any more, I did still have a few late evenings. I didn't appreciate them at the time, but they came to be a great windfall later....

And even though our quantity of time together as a threesome decreased, it did give us more one on one time, making the weekends together even more special. And yes we still strolled the malls on weekends. Sometimes just looking and watching others, sometimes showing ourselves off, and always stopping in to our favorite dress shop to try on a few things and enjoy our sales girl. She was nice and tasty!

Every once in a while we would sit down out in the mall and he would do his description of women's clothes as they walked by. Several times I think they thought we were a bit crazy. But ALWAYS with him wearing his special pants, of which he now had several pairs for some reason. 'grin'

And as the bar exam grew closer some of my old classmates that were still in town got together for study sessions. Since we were kind of in the middle and still had the two couches and coffee tables, we became the meeting point. Although since we all now had good paying jobs the attire was a bit nicer. Sweat suits and ratty jeans became nice dress suits and shirt and slacks.

I know I really enjoyed a bit of a wardrobe bump since I now had a bit more money for decent things, even if I was now spending a fair share on short skirts and stockings with the seams up the back! The real change was in some of the full time students that had to actually dress nice and shave and do their hair up! I still to this day remember one of my classmates effect on him.

Back when we were studying for finals, she stayed over. I know she got a good look at him while he was showering and she had to use the bathroom. And she just happened to leave her bra for those monsters up on the back of the couch while she slept. I heard all about how well endowed he was, and how much she wanted to roll over and attack him when he came out in the middle of the night in his birthday suit!

Now she was a bit plump, but not bad, just a little extra padding. But when she came over in her fancy dress suit after work he was staring. Then she winked at me and took her jacket off to reveal a corset top with her tits about spilling out, I thought he was going to cum in his pants! When she hung her jacket up she even stretched on purpose, lifting her tits up enough to let the edge of her areola show.
