 It's fabulous. She struggled with the eyelets and hooks to her bra. Her eyes never wavered from its impressive shape, size, and color.

It leaned at a forty-five-degree angle from his groin and bobbed back and forth in tune with his heart rate.

It was beautiful. It could have been rendered in pink marble, but she preferred it in its natural state. She slipped her panties to her ankles before stepping out of them.

Instead of stone, it was human flesh with a large flared cap for the smooth glans with precum leaking from the meatus which was followed by a long, pink color when it had been circumcised. Along with its length, large blue veins similar to a meandering stream were prominent giving it a look of a perfect phallus. 

* * *

Stacy had known, Puzz for about five years and had yearned for him. It never happened. He was always surrounded by a group of horny females, and she was only thirteen at the time.

During the summer of her sixteenth year, she blossomed into a pretty curvaceous young woman. At the beginning of school, she found herself highly attractive to the males in her high school. However, she only had eyes and desires for the popular Puzz, who was a student at a local university. She saw him on a regular basis as he ran by her home while jogging, but aside from the occasional shouted "Hi" or "Hello" they had never spoken.

Her attraction to him never waned through middle and now her senior year in high school, but they had never been introduced or had a personal conversation. 

Near the end of her senior year on a Friday night, she went to Billy and Ray's Bar and Grill, with three girlfriends who were old and more experienced that she. A typical college town bar, had a long relatively narrow rectangular shape, with the bar along the back of the building Two rows of tables for four were distributed evenly in front of the bar. The ceiling was white and the walls blue. A jute box played contemporary music. It was crowded with both college and high school students. They were lucky to get a table near the bar, which made it easier to check on those who were there.

They ordered burgers and fries, and everyone ordered white wine.

After eating, they separated after agreeing to reunite in an hour. Each of the girls sought other friends.

Stacy, being relatively new to the bar scene was immediately surrounded by her classmates, both male and female. She told stories, jokes, and shared gossip about students and teachers. Her wine glass was kept full. Within an hour the alcohol got to her. She was nauseous, dizzy, and sweating.

One of the older guys cut her away from the herd and guided her to a table at the far side of the entrance.

"Stacy, why is it you've not been before?" He asked ogling her.

She giggled, and slurred, "This is my first time in a bar without my parents."

"How old are you, if this is your first time here?' He put his arm around her shoulders.

"I'm eighteen. I don't go out much. I've spent most of my time studying to get good grades this year. I don't like all the noise, and I'm not used to drinking as much as I have."

"Would you like to go outside where there's less noise, and it's a lot cooler?"

"I...I'd ...like that. The noise is deafening, and I'm perspiring. I only have twenty minutes before I'm to meet up with my friends."

"We'll be back in plenty of time," Ray said, holding out his hand to her. He walked with his arm around her waist.

On the sidewalk, he led her to an alley on the far side of the bar and restaurant. He pushed her up against the wall and kissed her.

She was surprised and shaken by his sudden change in personality. "Stop, I didn't come out here to make out."

"Aah, come on Stacy, were just having a little fun." He kissed her again.

She didn't respond and tried to get away. 

Ray was too powerful, and she couldn't free herself.

He pushed his knee between her legs, pressed his chest into her soft breasts, and grabbed her ass. 

"No," she shouted, struggling.

"Quiet, you little bitch. Scream again, and you'll wake up in this alley." He tried to kiss her.

She turned her head.

He picked her up by the ass, resting her twat on his leg, and pushed her against the brick wall. "Now kiss me! You're not going to tease me. I want some, and I'm going to get it." He released her buttocks, forced her legs apart, and shoved his hand into her shorts and pantie covered crotch.

Her head remained turned away. She began to cry.

"I told you to be quiet." He slapped her face and grabbed her blouse with one hand. "I'm going to get my hands and mouth on your tits before I fuck you," he snickered.

Stacy tried to grab his hand.

He slapped her again and tugged at her bra. It stretched but didn't break.

She hit him in the face.

"God damn it, now you're going to get it." He pulled her off his knee and dropped her on the ground.

She struck the pavement and was stunned. She was unaware that Ray was pulling on her skirt.

She came out of her stupor to see him drop his pants, pull his cock from his pants, and kneel between her legs. "Ray stop." She tried to cover the gusset to her panties.

A loud deep voice said, "Ray, you heard the lady. Leave her alone."

"Who's going to stop me?"

He was grabbed by the shoulder and pulled him away from the panicked Stacy. "I am." The voice was a low, stern growl.

She felt Ray being jerked from her and heard scuffling sounds. She sat up to see Ray being knocked to the ground by a tall, slender man.

Ray groaned. 

The figure came to her. "Are you alright?" His deep voice asked.

She didn't recognize him. "No, you dumb ass, I was being raped." She shrieked at him.

"Stacy, Stacy Adelman, what the hell are you doing here?"

"Puzz, oh Puzz thank you for saving me." She slurred through her tears.

"You're as drunk as a skunk." He picked her up and took her to his car. "Who did you come with?"

"Joanne, Mildred, and Josie." She slumped in the car seat.

"Stay here, I'll be back in a minute. Puzz ran into the bar asking for the three girls.

They were standing in a group by the bar looking for Stacy.

"I'm Puzz Wilkins. I found Stacy being attacked. She's drunk. I'm a neighbor, and I'm taking her to my place until she sobers up."

Stacy fell asleep on his chest as he drove from the parking lot.

Puzz was unable to wake her. Damn, he thought, what am I going to do with a young, drunk, high school student. He didn't know exactly where she lived, and didn't think he should take her home drunk and with the smell of alcohol. He drove to his apartment, carried her inside, and laid her on the couch. He noticed for the first time, how pretty she was. Blonde hair surrounded a gorgeous face. She was wearing a blue skirt and an over-stuffed red blouse. He understood why Ray had her in the alley. Gazing at her was not a good idea. 

He removed her dirty clothes, put them in the wash, and covered her with a comforter, turned the lights down low, and went to his bedroom. Before going to bed, he took a shower, peeked in to see if the young lady had awakened. She hadn't. He went to bed thinking about her camel toe and bulging bra. Being a good Samaritan isn't what it's cracked up to be, he thought. He went to bed in the nude and left a light on in case she woke up.

* * * 

She woke about two with a terrible headache and a horrible taste in her mouth. In the dimly lit kitchen, she rinsed her mouth. She shivered and noted she was only wearing her bra and panties. Who undressed me, removed my clothes, and where are they? She saw light coming through a partially open door. She walked and stopped short. It was Puzz sleeping on his back with his cock standing at attention.

It was magnificent. What were the chances Stacy ever be with Puzz in that condition again? She was instantly aroused. She struggled with the snaps and hooks of her bra and dropped her panties to the floor. Her eyes never wavered from the cock's impressive shape, size, and color. It leaned at a forty-five-degree angle from his groin and bobbed back and forth in time with his heart rate. Quitely, she approached the bed focusing on his staff. Cautiously, she crawled onto the bed. Carefully, she straddled his body, lifted his shaft until it was between her labia lips, and she lowered herself until the head of his fabulous dick entered her. She was a virgin and knew it might be painful. Did she have the ability to force herself past the barrier of her hymen? Leaning forward, she lowered her lips toward his. She stopped, "Puzz," she whispered kissing him and impaling herself on his cock.

* * * 

Puzz awoke with a start, and because of some instinct deep within him, he raised his ass ramming his cock deep into the pussy covering him.

She held onto the kiss despite the shock of the staff filling her tunnel. She groaned with pain. "Oooah!"

His arms reached around her and like a wild man plunged his erection up and into her over and over.

Her throbbing cry subsided as the beautiful cock pummeled her vaginal walls. 

His hardness plundering her softness became pleasurable. 

It was a feeling she'd never experienced before. The sensation was similar to masturbation only better. Contractions, she had experience using her finger, or a dildo was minor compared to those building in her now. She began to meet each of his thrust with those of her own.

They functioned as one giving, taking, and sharing the primordial instinct embedded in all vertebrates. Together they met each other's thrusts. Faster and harder they fucked.

Stacy stopped as the building contractions reached a peak, her body became stiff, she threw her head back, rolled it from side to side, her eyes rotated upward in her sockets, and a glow of ecstasy rushed through her, "Aaaagh, yes, yes, yes," she cried.

Puzz in a fury of action continued to ram himself into the pussy encasing his cock. Still waking from a deep sleep, he plunged his hard shaft up and into the wonderful cunt. He passed his point no return and ejected his jizzum in spurt after spurt into the heaven in which he found himself.

* * * 

"What have you done?" A sleepy but satisfied Puss asked. "I left you sleeping dead to the world in a drunken stupor and awake to find my cock buried in your pussy. I didn't instigate anything, I just naturally reacted to having my cock encased in your twat. What you have done is rape me, but I liked it, I liked it. He stared at her beautiful face and incredible knockers.

Stacy giggled. "I didn't thank about that, all I could think about was having your marvelous cock in me, filling my desire to have your long, thick cock buried deep in me and bring me to an orgasm beyond any other that I've experienced. It was awesome."

He slipped from her. "We can't talk now, I have to pee, and we both need a shower. We're both a mess of sweat, cum, and blood."

After he used the bathroom. They got into the shower.

"This is the first time, I've taken a shower with a man."

"From what I could see on me and the sheets, this is several firsts for you. "Why did you, a young virgin rape a man, rape me?"

"I've wanted you for a long time. I saw an opportunity and took it. You were wonderful. I controlled the pace, and the pain, and I achieved an orgasm.' It was the most beautiful experiences of my life."

"Now the preliminaries have passed, I'm going to wash you and make love to you and not have a quickie."

It was a sensuous shower for both of them. They kissed and fondled each other in all essential places. When they were finished, Puss pushed Stacy against the shower wall and worshiped her ample breasts with his mouth. She fondled his shaft until it was rigid. As they were kissing, Puzz picked her up by the ass and slowly lowered her until she was impaled on his magnificent cock.

She groaned, "Aaaagh, yes, fuck me Puzz. Fuck me like I've never been fucked before."

He lifted her high enough to gorge on her large sensitive breasts while slowly jostling her up and down the length of his shaft.

The dual stimulation of his staff massaging her pussy and sucking on her breasts was overwhelming. She held her arms around his neck and allowed herself to be jostled up and down his

"Oah, I'm so close give me your cum."

Puzz pulled her down hard on his shaft.

She groaned, "Aaagh."

He lifted and dropped her over and over.

Each time he hit the bottom of her tube, she groaned.

She lost track of time as her tits were fondled and sucked, and the walls of her pussy were stimulated by the friction of his dazzling cock. 

Grab my neck, I'm going to come," he said.

"I'm almost there. Give it to me, give it to me."

He held her close and like a man possessed fucked her as hard and fast as he could.

They both groaned as they came together.

* * * 

They lay on his freshly made bed.

She stroked his superb staff. 

He fondled her plump breasts, watched her with amazement as she examined his dick from all angles, and touched, rubbed, and stroked his shaft in a multitude of ways. 

"I love your dick, it's superb." She dropped her lips toward his crown.

Puzz took her by the head and stared into her blue eyes. "Stacy, how old are you?"

She smiled up at his handsome, unshaven face and without hesitating she said, "Eighteen." She pushed her head toward his crown.

You're a beautiful female, but you're a liar. I bet your only sixteen." He looked at her seriously.

"What would make you say that?" She cupped his balls.

I only know you from running by your home, and I remember you in pigtails. I've only seen you once or twice at Kroger and at Sandhills Mall. You were always with your parents or younger kids."

"Okay, I was only sixteen back then, but now I'm eighteen." She tightened her hand around his shaft.

"You may be eighteen, but you're crazy. Why would you hop onto me like that?"

"I've been infatuated with you since the first time I saw you. When I walked into your bedroom and saw your hard-on, I couldn't help myself. I might never have an opportunity like that again. So I decided to crawl onto you." She lowered her head to his staff.

"I like a female who knows what she wants and goes for it." He sighed, and pushed his cock between her lips. "How are you going to explain to your parents why you didn't come home last night?" He pulled his meatus from her mouth.

"I told my mother, I might stay over with Samantha. My mom likes her." She moved her head toward his rod again.

"Take my phone. Call Samantha and ask her to give you an alibi, then call your parents and tell them you're going shopping today."

"Wh...why am I going shopping?"

"Your not because you're going to spend the day with me in this house, in the nude." He smiled, at her with lust in his eyes.

She smiled, hugged and kissed him. "Puzz, I love your idea."

"Make the call, while I fix breakfast."He kissed both nipples and walked into the kitchen with his bare ass undulating up and down. Looking over his shoulder, he said, "Call your parents on your phone and come to the kitchen the way you are."

* * *

Tomato juice, Cream Brulle scrambled eggs, toast, and coffee were on the table when she came into the kitchen.

Her breasts bounced with each step.

He was instantly hard. Stacy was the sexiest female who'd ever raped him, and he'd never been raped before. He smiled as she ambled to the table.

"What are you smiling about?"

"I'm smiling at the loveliest visitor I've ever see in my kitchen."

"And, your the most handsome man with the most wonderful cock that I've had a nude breakfast with." She rubbed her tits in his face before sitting beside him.

"How many nude breakfasts have you attended?" He laughed.

"This is my first, but I hope not my last."

They ate quickly, gossiping about mutual friends and giggling.

Finishing, he padded her on the ass. "Go to the bathroom, apply some lubrication, and come to the bedroom.

He lay on the bed wondering what kind of trouble he'd gotten himself into, and waiting for an angel with a beautiful face, great tits, and a tight pussy.

After her visit to the restroom, Stacy strolled with a white towel wrapped around her hair and one hanging from her neck to her hips.

"You look sexy in white." He sat up.

"Lie back down. I don't have any experience, but I want to suck your dick." She dropped the towel from around her body.

"No, I'm going to sit on the edge of the bed while you learn to suck, so I can play with your tits."

She dropped to her knees taking his shaft in both hands. "It's incredible. I'll never tire of looking at it, and I'm going to love learning how to pleasure you with my mouth." She kissed the tip of his staff.

Puzz leaned over her head and back, ran his hands around her body and cupped her breasts.

Stacy swirled her tongue around his glans until it shown with her saliva. "Am I doing alright?" She asked, looking up at him.

"Keep going but go slow, I don't want you gagging and throwing up all that alcohol!"

"Yes sir," she took his head of his cock and slipped it in and out of her mouth.

He groaned as she sucked on his crown like an all day sucker, like a Sugar Daddy. Slowly, ever so slowly she moved her lips down his shaft.

"Slide up and down," he said placing his hands on her blond hair.

Down and up, down and up she slurped on his rod. After a while, he held her head steady and fucked her face, "Oh, baby you have a great mouth."

Together, they brought him closer and closer to a peak of desire.

He pulled out of her mouth. "It's my turn." He laid her on the bed and massaged her back. A sweet smelling fruit ointment was rubbed onto her backside for the top to bottom. Lots of time was spent rubbing her back, ass, and thighs.

She sighed as his soft, greasy hands moved over her backside. The longer he spent going, the more she relaxed.

"Roll onto your stomach."

He drizzled an ointment on her belly and chest rubbing the cream into her face and neck after kissing here.

His fingers were soft and gently soothed the tension in her face and neck. She anticipated with eagerness what he was going to do next, but he surprised her by rubbing her chest over and around here breasts but didn't touch her nipples.

"Please, my nipples?" She asked.

"Patience, Stacy, patience. All good things come to those who wait." He continued rubbing under her breasts and stomach.

She became more and more aroused as he neared her groin.

He spread her legs, wetting her pubic hair, massaging around her vulva lips, but passed by her pussy concentrating instead on her inner thighs. Gradually, he moved down her thighs, calves, ankles, feet, and toes.

He straddled her legs, leaned forward and planted a kiss on her slit and rubbered her nipples with his thumb and forefinger.

She moaned and rose on her shoulders. She had never been thrilled like this before.

He licked up and down her gash and slowly slid his tongue beneath the outer into her inner lips.

Stacy writhed from the pleasure of his probing tongue. Her excitement level rose the longer he explored her cavern. She was almost delirious with pleasure and excitement.

His hands left her nipples, moving south, and inserted a finger into her entrance beneath his tongue. Slowly, he pumped his finger in and around and around her vaginal walls.

Stacy thrilled at his tongue swabbing her upper entrance. She moaned, her body become rigid, and she raised on her shoulders as his finger touched and massaged her G-spot.

He moved his tongue to her clit and explored the knob jetting from its hood.

The contractions had been building in her. They had spasmed multiple times before she climaxed. A glow of incredible pleasure overwhelmed her. It was a form of ecstasy she experienced for the first time. It was like floating in a soft, pink cloud that enveloped her totally.
