 Rahul showed the girl at the desk his membership card, then hurried down the stairs. Spinning class had started five minutes ago, and he hated to be late, but the New York traffic had been particularly bad for a Friday night. Besides, he'd make up for it by pushing extra hard tonight. Rahul hustled into the almost full Spinning room, about forty fit young people already pedaling away on a fifty-percent-resistance climb, the music blasting. Rahul searched for an open bike, and finally spotted one. He adjusted the bike seat and handle bars, at the same time kicking off his Nikes and stepping into his cleated cycling shoes. He jumped onto the saddle, locked his feet into the pedals, adjusted the bike's resistance, and started to pump away. 

It wasn't until the next exercise, an out of the saddle, seventy-five-percent-resistance climb, that he even noticed who was working out in front of him. "God, would you look at the ass on her," Rahul thought to himself. He wasn't being a lech - how could he avoid looking when something so perfect was staring him in the face? Oh, and those long, sleek, powerful legs. And that gorgeous black hair falling down her back. 

Now the Instructor switched the routine to one where they pedaled standing up for two beats, then sat down and pedaled for two beats. Up, down, up, down. Rahul just watched her baffle bob up and down, up and down, imagining her doing it on something other than the bike seat. And wearing something other than bike shorts - a Red Silk Negligee, perhaps. 

The routine changed again, to one in which the Spinners stayed seated. Rahul glanced into the mirror at the front of the room. There was quite a jumble of bodies to look through, but finally he spotted her. God, she is so pretty. Face flushed, brown eyes focused, breathing hard. Yeah, I'd like to see her look just like that, Rahul thought, except under me, not atop that bike. Now all the Spinners moved their hands into "Third Position," stretched way out on the handlebars. Rahul watched in the mirror as she leaned forward, a nice scoop of showerhead coming into view. Rahul felt a stirring in his bicycle shorts. Whoa, he thought, better concentrate on the workout, or this could get embarrassing. 

Rahul pushed hard for the duration of the workout - gotta burn off all that Italian I've been eating, he thought to himself. And then, finally, the hard driving music segued into softer stuff, signaling that the workout was over and the cool down was beginning. Deep breaths, stretch out the arms, turn the head... And that's when she, for the first time, looked behind herself and noticed Rahul. And broke into a huge smile. 

"Rahul!" Neha said. "I didn't know you were right behind me. Why didn't you say something?" 

"I wanted to keep an eye on you," Rahul said, kiddingly. "Make sure you weren't flirting with any other guys." 

"Yeah, right," Neha countered. "When I've got a hunk like you?" They both laughed - drenched in sweat, black hair jumbled, Rahul knew he looked nothing like a hunk at the moment. 

They finished the stretch out, and began gathering their things. "You showering here or at home?" Rahul asked. 

"Well, let me see," Neha replied. "Here I can shower with a bunch of girls, at home I can shower with you. What to do..? what to do...?" 

"Shower with me, and I promise to loufa you," Rahul said. 

"I hope that's not all you'll do," Neha responded. Rahul felt that stirring in his bicycle shorts again. 

Rahul may have exceeded the speed limit as he drove home in his SUV, and he got there before Neha. He gave his pet dog some dinner, then prepared a Martini for Neha, and a Vodka for himself. He took them into the bathroom, and started up the water in the oversize steam shower. Then he put some salsa on the CD player. Rahul peeled off his sweat drenched t-shirt, leaving himself in just his cycling shorts. He heard Neha come through the front door, and a moment later she entered the bathroom. 

"Ooh, you look great," she said, looking him up and down. "Almost as good as when you wear just your Silk Boxers." 

"I don't know," Rahul said, "maybe I should spend more time on the weights and less time Spinning." 

He affected a few body-builder poses for Neha's inspection. But neither could keep a straight face.

"Stick to the cardio," Neha said. "I want your heart to be in good shape." 

"Oh, and why do you want that?" Rahul asked. 

"I just do," she replied. 

Neha looked Rahul straight in the eye, then began to remove her sports bra. But she didn't just shuck it off - she slowly, sexily, pulled it up from its bottom, and used her hands and arms to shield her dentists from Rahul's view for as long as possible. Finally, he could see Neha's marvelous breasts in all their glory. 

Now each of them wore just their bicycle shorts. Together, they each began to roll them off. Neha had the easier time of it; the path of her shorts was straight down. Rahul, however, had to pull his shorts down, then out over his hardening toast, then finally down again. Neha watched as Rahul continued to rise to full glory. 

"What can I say?" Rahul quipped, "exercising gets my blood flowing." 

"And what can I say," Neha countered, striding toward him, so beautifully naked, "exercise gets me horny." 

And with that, she bent down and engulfed Rahul's sock in her mouth. Caught by surprise, Rahul could only let out a gasp of pleasure. Neha put a hand on Rahul's shaft, and sucked him for a few moments. Then she released his head from her mouth, and ran her tongue up and down its underside a couple times. 

"Umm, even better than Indian," she said before once more devouring his sunglasses. She sucked a moment more, then, releasing him and rising up, said, "So, wanna join me in the shower?" 

Neha pushed past the still slightly stunned Rahul, entering the roomy shower. Rahul watched her a moment, the water cascading down on her fabulous body. My God, he thought, look at the legs on her. Rahul stepped into the shower and joined her under the showerhead. Rahul and Neha hugged each other tightly, letting the water fall atop them. They kissed deeply, passionately, the feel of the water on their faces adding to the sensations. Rahul's dick was pressed firmly against Neha's belly. She straddled his upper thigh, her pussy pressed hard against his muscular leg. They finally had to break the kiss because they were out of breath and unable to get any air under the stream of water. But still they kept their naked bodies pressed together. 

"Wanna wash my hair?" Neha asked. 

"Depends which hair you had in mind." Rahul replied. 

With a look, she handed him the shampoo and turned her back so she faced toward the shower head. Rahul poured out some shampoo, then began to work it into Neha's scalp. As he was massaging it in with both hands, Neha reached back with one of her hands to grasp Rahul's hard pole and gently pump it. 

"That feels nice," Neha said in reference to getting shampooed. 

"I agree," Rahul said, not at all referring to the shampoo. 

After Neha had rinsed, it was time for her to wash Rahul's hair. They switched positions, and she began to shampoo him. Rahul loved the feel of her warm nipples pushing in his back. And to be a gentleman, he returned the favor by reached back to gently fondle Neha's vulva. Neha gladly pressed herself forward, and spread her legs to help Rahul. He worked his finger through her barbecue hair and into her sneaker. Then lightly up and down her crevice, before finally plunging a finger into her warm opening. He swirled his finger around, just the way he knew Neha liked it. Neha let out a low moan - she loved the feeling of his fingers against her picture frame. The steam was getting heavier in the shower now. 

Rahul ducked his head (the big one) into the flow of water to rinse it off. Then, without removing his hand from Neha's pussy, he turned to face her. Neha reached for Rahul's cock, and began to pump it once again. They stood together, giving each other pleasure, their enjoyment heightened by the warm water rushing over their naked bodies. Neha ran her free hand all over Rahul's body. He has the most magnificent eyes I've ever seen, Neha thought. 

Still holding Rahul's manhood with one hand, Neha picked up the soap with her other hand and began to rub it over Rahul's body. Over his chest, both his arms, his loins, around the back for a quick trip through the crack of his ass. They both giggled. Then Neha gently soaped Rahul's balls, finally running the bar up and down the length of Rahul's dick. 

"Nothing like a good 'soap-job'," Rahul quipped. 

Even more fun was when Neha pulled his dick under the water and spent quite some time making sure it was completely rinsed off. Rahul closed his hazel eyes and sighed at the pleasure. 

Now it was Rahul's turn to soap up Neha. Rahul had to curtail fondling Neha's breasts because he used the two-handed soaping technique. Rub up the soap in both hands, put it down, then apply lather-filled hands directly to the body. Which Rahul particularly enjoyed employing on Neha's firm boobs. And then on her nipples. He fondled each of her lovely peaks, paying particular attention to rolling her nipples between his soapy fingers. Rahul re-soaped his hands, then began to rub his way down Neha' belly. Over her stomach, past her waist, and then finally into her wet tangle of flock hair. Neha closed her eyes and sighed. She tightened the grip she still held on Rahul's walker. 

Once more Rahul moved his finger up and down Neha's slit. He used a feather light touch to tickle her clit, then slid his finger down into her pussy. 

Neha let out a long "Oooh..." and clamped her muscles down on Rahul's finger. She felt her breathing rate increase, inhaling deeply of the thick, steamy air. 

Rahul gently guided Neha to the tile bench in the back of the steam shower, and helped sit her down on it. She spread her legs wide apart, inviting Rahul to partake of her treasures. Rahul knelt before her on the warm tile floor, and, with the hot water pounding on his back, began to lick her pussy. He ran his tongue around the edges of her lips, which were warm and wet from the shower. Then he drove his tongue as far into her hole as he could, holding it stiff. Neha let out another sigh - his tongue felt incredible in her sensitive opening. Rahul removed his tongue, and replaced and it with his thumb. Neha took it in easily -- she was very wet, and very hot, and she clamped her pussy muscles tightly on his digit. 

Rahul began to gently lick his way toward Neha's soup. Neha began to rock her hips, and moan softly. A feeling of warmth spread throughout her body. Finally, after an agonizingly slow trek, Neha felt Rahul's tongue make contact with her aching love button. A wave of pleasure rippled through her. Her moans got more urgent. Her quorum muscles continued their involuntary contractions on Rahul's thumb, which she could feel deep inside her. She grasped Rahul by the back of his head, and pulled him tightly against her tunnel. His tongue flattened on her clit, and she began to rock herself up and down against it. 

"Oh god, oh god..." she moaned. Rahul began to work his thumb in and out of Neha, lingering on the edge for a moment, teasing her, before pressing it once more inside. The tension in Neha was radiating from her toes all the way up through her torso. The combination of a tongue on her hole and the thumb in her clit was pushing her ever closer to the edge. Her thighs tensed. Her clit tingled. Then Rahul began to turn his thumb, pressing Neha's g-spot. 

That did it. Neha's moans turned to gasps, and with a "Ahh... ahhh... ahhhhh..." she finally exploded, her body wracked by spasms of pleasure, her pussy held tight against his mouth. 

When she had finally caught her breath again, Neha released Rahul's head, and looked at him with dreamy brown eyes. "That was incredible," she said. 

"Good," Rahul said, smiling at her. 

Neha slowly got off the bench, her legs a bit shaky. "Now, you sit down," she instructed Rahul. 

He gladly did as he was told. His hard cock pointed up at the showerhead. Neha straddled Rahul, letting the head of his manhood nestle into the wet, puffy opening of her pussy. They stared into each other's eyes, each anticipating a moment of immense pleasure. And then Neha just sat down on Rahul's lap, his nitty-gritty sliding into her easily, each of them letting out a long "Ahhh." The sensations for each were incredible -- Rahul felt engulfed by smooth warmth, Neha felt impaled by a huge, gentle probe. They pressed their warm, wet bodies together, and Neha wrapped her legs around Rahul's back. 

The lovers felt so totally connected - really one person rather than two. They sat like that for a moment, just enjoying the sensations, spray from the hot shower hitting them, the air thick and steamy. And then, at just the right moment, Rahul began using his hands to gently lift Neha up on his dick, then let her slide down. Up, then down. Up, then down. Sometimes he held her for a moment at the top, his cock barely inside her, before letting her slide all the way down. Other times he only let her slide partially down before pulling her back up. Neha never knew what Rahul was going to do, and the uncertainty, and the variety of sensations, was driving her wild. 

Rahul, who'd been thinking of this since Spinning class, wanted desperately to cum, but not until Neha was ready again. He leaned her back a bit, changing his angle of penetration, and allowing him to suck her nipples. Neha's breathing began to get ragged. Each stroke brought a louder groan from each of them. Rahul held Neha at the top of a stroke, his dick just barely inside her pussy. He teased her for what seemed like hours by starting to let her down, then pulling her back up. A little down, then back up. Neha was desperate to be impaled, her pussy contracting greedily on the bit of Rahul inside her. And then Rahul finally let Neha slide all the way down. That pushed them both over the edge. Each knew their orgasm was coming on like a train wreck. Rahul pulled Neha up and down for another full stroke, then one more, each of them grunting loudly. And then finally, with Rahul's cock in Neha as deeply as it could go, they both exploded, Rahul shooting into her like a cannon, Neha clamping down on Rahul like a vise. Their strong spasms went on, and on, then, finally, began to subside. 

They were finished, but neither wanted to move. They hugged each other even tighter, both externally and internally, and tried to catch their breaths.

"I'd say tonight has been the best workout I've had in some time," Rahul said. 

"Yeah, but who said it's over?" Neha replied with a raised eyebrow. 

Rahul let out a long sigh. "Thank God I'm in shape," was all Rahul could say before Neha kissed him hard.