 Hi Baby, I hope you slept great last night and were able to feel me there at times. I concentrated soon after you went to bed after we had talked that I was standing by the wall, about 10 feet from the front window. Even though we're hundreds of miles apart I was there once again in my minds eye. Then soon after I went to you and ran my hand softly over your hair and kissed your forehead and was rewarded with a smile as you slept. I stayed there all night sitting on the floor with my back against the cushions and felt your hand on my shoulder as if you reached for me and feeling me there you feel into a good deep sleep.

I stayed like that for a long time, then at some point I heard your soft moans and turned to see a smile on your face once again, knowing you were asleep still but hoping you might be dreaming of me I smiled back and let my head fall back against your arm feeling my own sense of security and love. Then your fingertips brushed thru my hair and lightly tugged and in a flash I was there with you once again. Just over a month ago I was there with you and we made heated passionate love together, your strong thighs snug beside my head and the heels of your feet pressing into my back as I moved my tongue up and down between the folds of your soaked pussy. I was tasting your salty sweetness once again and my lips played your clit back and forth giving me my rewards as I felt it twitching under my touch.

I remembered the feel of your flesh as I moved my hands all over that sexy ass of yours and how you lifted in response to the delights of my lips and tongue, holding you to me as you wiggled and squirmed and gasped for breath and I sank my fingers deep within you finding the spot I wanted, my goal was within reach as I felt you begin to tighten upon my fingers and your legs jerked in pleasure. As I felt your orgasm beginning to build from deep within, I knew this was the moment we had talked about for such a long time. Your juices were bursting forth as I worked the pads of my fingertips from side to side, feeling your almond within growing firmer and larger. I slowed down just a moment to make sure you were aware of what I was doing, and because a slight tease is always a good thing, and as you lifted your head and looked into my eyes and I saw the raw sexual animal within you almost screaming for me to continue. I remember smiling as I applied the pressure and motion back to my fingers and lowered my mouth onto your clit as I watched your eyes close and your head fall back on the pillows, but it was the sudden rush as your cum spilled forth as I sucked firmly on your clit that drove me on trying to lap up your juices and wanting more, telling you to give me what I wanted and you did, again and again as your hips bounced up and down till the pleasure overcame you and I had to chase you all over the bed, your breasts heaving up and down, your nipples hard and inviting and the look on your face, it seemed as if just by your eyes and no words spoken that you were saying to me never before had you experienced such a thing, and that made me smile, and want more.

I sit here now remembering and I want you. I want to give you the kind of pleasure you deserve and desire, the knowing that I will do anything to make it happen and that I want it to happen.

We rested then, my hands softly stroking your body as I nuzzled my face against the softness of your breasts, hearing your breathing returning to normal but it was the smile you gave me that built up my passion once again and still I remember the look of your eyes upon mine as my fingertips trailed thru your hair and down the side of your face, gently brushing your ear and cheek and as they glanced your lips they parted and I let one linger there a moment, enjoying the feeling of your tongue licking the moistness that remained of your cum and you licked and then sucked it clean making my cock grow hard once again, but as much as you wanted to feel me inside you and even though that too was what I wanted, I wasn't done with my tongue, you should have known better and our shared smile gave the answers to what I was about to do once again.

I moved back down lifting your left leg over my shoulder as I moved. Sliding my hand over the nipple of your left breast I stopped to twirl a finger around it, flicking it softly before giving you a tug and then letting my hand drift down again over your tummy and then covering your mound, savoring the feel and experience. You arched your back in expectation of what was about to happen, then turning my hand I slide my thumb and middle finger between the fleshy lips, holding you wide open exposing your lovely clit nestled there so inviting and throbbing and just begging to be toyed with. I lowered myself to you and with a firm flattened tongue began to lick you over and over till I felt your hands grabbing at my hair pulling my face harder onto you.

I don't know if these mere words can explain the feeling that gave me, but I remember eagerly taking your clit between my lips sucking it in gently while swirling my tongue over and around you and then you lost all control, grabbing my hair, my ears, and it felt as if you were trying to consume me while I was devouring you and I not only felt your raw passion but your love. Maybe above all else it was the feeling of that love that I remember most as I sit here, imagining you sleeping now, dreaming these things as well so many miles apart till once again we are together, and soon it be forever.

Do you feel me there now Baby? Can you sense my presence as you lay there sleeping? Can you remember how it felt as I used my fingers to grasp your lips and pull them while pressing against your clit with another finger? Can you feel me tugging them as I lower my mouth on you and slide my tongue as far inside you as I can, swirling it around and curling it while moving it in and out of you? I can! I can remember the feeling, the taste and the wetness right now. I've not forgotten how you pulled me up to you then, kissing me and licking your own wetness from my tongue, lips and chin and how our tongues played with each other.

You pushed me back then, my hardness there for your taking, and take it you did, first in your hand stroking me and milking out the precum knowing what I liked without asking. Then you moved down and ran your tongue over the head of my cock, hard and shiny with its own wetness and I watched as your tongue darted over the head of my cock licking up my moistness before taking it into your mouth while still stroking me, oh baby that felt so good but when you took me deep within your mouth using it to fuck me, I don't think anything had ever felt so good, so wanted to be done.

Can you remember when I ran my fingers into your lovely hair, grasping it while your dove down on my cock again and again. I can remember every moment. The feeling was unlike anything I'd ever felt but I wanted your heat, the hot wetness of your pussy, that's what I wanted to feel and I did, watching as you place your leg over me and grasping my hard cock you glided me between your silky lips, placing my head in the right position and then sitting up you smiled and I'll never forget that smile as you sank down taking my cock deep within you.

The slow rocking and movement of your hips was driving me crazy with want and desire. I began to rock with you matching your movements, driving my cock into you and soon you were grabbing at my arms, hands and my chest and moving in such a way that I knew you were about to cum again. I took your hands in mind and looked at you as we let our orgasms build together. Can you remember feeling my cock swell even thicker? The head growing larger right before my hot cum began to steam into you with hot forceful jets? I do. I remember every moment and it was good baby, I was real good. You continued to glide up and down till the last drop of my cum filled your sweet pussy. Then we looked at each other, both surprised at our passion, want, desire and love. Then you slowly lowered yourself to me and I wrapped my arms around you, holding you, loving you.

We stayed that way for a long time, knowing that it was right, we'd both found what we'd been seeking for so long. As you moved to lay beside me placing your head on my arm I knew my search was over.

Do you remember our time together as I do? I'm close to sleep right now, I've spent these last hours remembering us, the holding and hugs, the soft touches as we passed one another during the day, the spoken words between us, our love being confirmed with each passing moment, each glance. Till our time together I thought my soul had died, but you woke it for me and now I have one desire, one goal and it must be answered. So do you feel as I do, do you remember as I do?

I close my eyes and still I can feel your fingers slowly stroking my hair even though your asleep in this waking dream I have. I turn my eyes to look once more upon the beauty I see in you and my breath catches as I see you looking at me, your bright eyes smiling and that sexy grin on your lips. No words are spoken, theirs no need. You smile as you lift your leg up and over my head hooking it behind my neck and I know now that my dream isn't ending, it's just begun.