 It's never going to happen, he thought. Might as well face up to the facts, Jack... she likes you, she just doesn't liiiiike you.

A depressed sigh blew past his lips as he lathered up his hair. The hot shower pounded onto his shoulders and back, slowly waking him up for a new day. A new day of rejection, he smiled wistfully. Here he was in the most classic of Penthouse Forum situations: staying overnight at the apartment of the girl of his dreams. Three days, two nights of endless possibilities, plenty of time to seduce her, right? Yeah, right. Unless magic just started to pop out of his dick, he didn't know what to do to make her see him in the same way he worshipped her.

He rinsed the foam out of his hair and began to scrub his neck and chest. His tan skin grew nearly pink from the vigorous scrubbing, but he didn't let up.

Her name was Erin and she was not perfect. He knew this and loved her anyway. She was slightly crazy, sometimes a little too emotional, loved reading and being completely spontaneous, and slept with far too many pillows. Erin had short, soft black hair... pale skin that he thought sexy... her breasts were small buds that pressed against the fabric of any shirt she wore without the constraint of a bra... her fingers were long and slender. The unrequited love affair Jack had with her went back years and many stories ago, but the short of it was: they were great friends. He wanted it to be something more, but never could muster the courage to make a proposition. And who knows, he thought, what goes through the mind of a woman.

He grinned when he thought back to last night. After a long day of hanging out, shopping, seeing a fun movie together and then crashing at her place, Erin left him to sleep on the couch while she retired to her room. He looked at her closed door wistfully, wishing to be curled up in her bed, arms wrapped around her as they kissed for hours. But no, there he was alone, on a not-very-kissable couch, frustrated beyond belief. He thought of her in the t-shirt and panties she flaunted around the apartment, and wondered what it would be like to run his hands over the cotton fabric of her shirt, across the silk folds of her panties. He groaned silently, his hand unconsciously wrapping around his stiffening cock. And there, in the partial darkness and ten feet away from the girl he longed to be with more than anything, Jack stroked himself and fantasized about her skin. Her mouth on his. The way he would make her moan and cry his name as she came. His cock surging inside of her, each thrust ramming a stream of cum deep into her pussy. He closed his eyes and thought of this, his hand stroking up and down his hard, aching shaft. Within a minute he came, shuddering as his cock exploded in his warm palm. Only temporarily satisfied, he fell asleep.

In the shower that morning, he nearly laughed thinking how stupid that was. What if she had walked out of her bedroom at that moment? What if she could smell his cum in the room? Maybe it would have been for the best, he thought. He felt his cock half-grow, feeling slightly nasty for having masturbated in secret, taking her in his mind.

The progression of body washing moved from his back and stomach to his groin and butt. The stimulation of slick soap along with the thoughts of the previous night drew his cock out into the open. As it engorged with blood, his member rose from the limp state between his legs to a half-filled slug to a rock-hard spear sticking out into the steamy air.

Perhaps his preoccupation with his thoughts kept him dull to his senses, but when Erin's voice floated from the curtain, he jerked in startlement.

"Going to be in there long?"

He stammered for a sec. "Geez, Erin, you freaked the hell out of me. Thought you were a psycho slasher or something!"

She laughed. "Noooo... just wondered what was taking so long. Are you having problems in there?"

Jack smiled. Yeah, sexual frustration problems. "No, just covering all the bases. I like to be clean."

He heard her made an indiscriminate noise. Maybe a giggle. "Yeah, but while you're getting cleaner, I'm out here soaking up dirt at an incredible rate."

He mock sighed. "If you're so concerned that you can't wait your turn, you might as well just hop in here with me." Wow, he thought. What a dumb thing to say.

And to make it worse, she didn't say anything back. Oh man, he thought, she's embarrassed now. Jack turned into the shower stream and let it hit his face, squinting in his tremendous stupidity. Well, might as well try to patch it over.

He turned around. "Listen Erin, I didn't mean..."

"Didn't mean what?" Erin stood at the other end of the tub, twinned to his nudity. Shock hit his system while he stared at her petite nude body. Her innocent-looking face seemed darkly sensual in this context, a slight smile the only indication of her thoughts. Her neck tapered down into the slender slant of her shoulders. Chocolate brown nipples starkly contrasted with the milky white tone of her breasts, which stood out hard and straight.

He couldn't avoid letting his eyes wander down her body, past her navel to the forbidden patch of trimmed black bush and the soft folds beneath. From his angle he couldn't see her pussy well, but knowing that nothing covered it up excited him just the same. Her legs were spread in an aggressive stance, smooth and begging to be touched...

Jack couldn't think of a thing to say. *Dear Penthouse...* Fortunately, Erin broke into the silence... "Wash my back for me?"

She turned around and took a couple steps back to him. As her body came closer, Jack was acutely aware of his raging member, stiffening to its full length and pointed straight at her...

"Ohhhh," he moaned. At that moment, her tender ass made contact with the head of his cock. Her backing up caused his cock to slide up along the soft fold of her crack, until she stopped a half foot away. Jack looked down to see one of the most erotic sights of his life: his penis, hard and literally throbbing, pointing straight up and partially nestled between her ass cheeks. It felt heavenly... like a warm cushion of flesh that welcomed him fully.

He nervously laughed and took the washrag into his hand. When he began to rub the back of her shoulders, Erin made encouraging noises. "Yes, feeling cleaner already, thanks Jack."

"You're beautiful," he whispered back, then leaned down to kiss the side of her neck. It felt natural to do so, and he let his lips roam lightly up and down, feeling the pulse of her vein beating under her skin.

Meanwhile, his hands worked down her back, rubbing her skin in steady circles. Jack shifted his shoulder so that part of the shower stream would hit her back as well. He felt it trickle down to his cock, hot water running into the small gap that they had created. Feeling the stimulation, he couldn't help himself. All or nothing, boy...

Jack ever-so-slightly rocked his hips forward. The water and soap made it extremely easy for his brown cock to press in and up. The head of his member popped out of the depth of her buttcrack and rubbed against her lower back. He drew back, and his cock slid back down. It was... exquisite. Rubbing up and down against her, the sensative underside of his shaft lit up in pleasure. It wasn't quite as full-feeling as sex, nor as dull as typical masturbation. It was... intimate and sexy. He continued to rock against her, his hands dropping the washrag and coming up to cup her small breasts. He relished the feeling of hard nipples pressing into his palm, of his cock taking full advantage of her smooth body.

She turned her head to kiss him fully on his lips. Long, open-mouthed explorations followed as he moved his lower body up and down against her ass. Her kiss... turned him on the more. It said she wanted him, she cared for him in the way he'd longed for, and he was able to show her the emotions that were kept bottled up for so long.

The broke the kiss to take a few breaths of steamy air. "I'm sorry," Jack gasped. "This can't be doing anything for you."

Erin smiled and nuzzled his cheek. "Does it feel good?" she breathed.

"Oh yesss..."

"Mmm... it does for me too... it's turning me on, Jack. But can you push against me a little more... like that, yes." His cock pressed into the fold of her ass, and she began to feel his shaft rubbing against her anus. Never did Erin think this would be an arousing activity, but the feel of his large cock sliding up and down against her tight opening actually felt erotic. A new zone of pleasure, perhaps.

After a few minutes of this activity and Jack felt himself speeding up. Oh damn, he knew he was going to orgasm soon, and then she'd be disappointed with him. But there was no stopping the pace, his cock simply wouldn't allow it.

"Erin..."

"Yes?" She was breathing a bit harder as well.

"I'm going to cum soon... would you like it outside or inside?"

Erin laughed. "Oh, plenty of time for inside later... hold on one sec."

She stepped forward, throwing Jack into a slight lurch. His cock fell forward, deprived of her gorgeous ass.

Erin turned around and kneeled down. He finally got to see her grinning as much as he was. She reached forward and took his hot member in her cool hand. He watched her look at it, mesmerized by its girth and its velvet skin. Erin stroked it slowly, starting from the base and stretching the skin to the tip. It felt, Jack thought, even better than her ass.

"I want," Erin paused. "I need you to cum on my face, Jack." She began to stroke him faster, turning herself on with her own words. "I want to feel your hot cum all over my tits and my mouth..." He watched her as she moaned, turned on by the mere thought. Her free hand snuck between her legs and furiously began to rub her clit. "Oh Jack, you have no idea how much I need this... to fucking cum all over me. Cum for me, Jack."

Not one to let a beautiful woman down, Jack came almost on command. He let out a loud groan and felt his cock surge past her hand. As white streams flew out, she pumped his cock even faster. He watched as his cum landed on her face, dripping from her forehead to her chin and all points between. She opened her mouth as a stream partially hit it, and eagerly swallowed the sweet substance.

Her hand lowered his still-cumming shaft, pointing it at her bare chest. The remnants of cum fell onto her collarbone and breasts, covering one nipple entirely. A dirty part of Jack's mind thought she looked like the perfect slut, craving sex and unashamed of it. He liked this side of her. Liked it a lot.

Jack kneeled down in the pouring shower and kissed her firmly. Their torsos pressed together in a hug. Jack could taste himself on her lips, and feel it between their bodies. Even as the water washed the mess away, he could still sense her body as marked.

As they kissed, Jack's hand snuck down her belly to cup her pussy. He felt its slippery wetness against his fingers, tracing silken lips. As her pussy lips parted for him, He snuck a curled finger into her, swirling it around and feeling her juices flow. Jack loved to finger fuck women, to just focus his senses on how wonderfully wet and soft a pussy could be. From the light moans she passed into his mouth, he knew he was hitting a good spot. At the same time her hand caressed his thick yet soft member. 

Another break in kissing... "We gotta get you hard again, boy," Erin said, giving his cock an affectionate squeeze. "I'm too horny to stop now. Stand up, Jack."

Grinning and obeying without a murmur of disobedience, Jack stood up. Once again his pelvis was level with her face. Looking up into his eyes, Erin leg his cock go. It fell down against his balls with a light slap. Without a word, she grabbed his hips and leaned forward. Still looking into his eyes, Erin ducked her head to catch the tip of his flaccid penis in her mouth. Quickly, she opened her lips, and his cock slid effortlessly into her mouth. She gobbled it up until her mouth was pressed fully against his crotch.

Jack looked down to see her envelope his full dick. It rested in the liquid confines of her mouth. Slowly, Erin teased his shaft with her tongue and sucked at the base of his cock. Her noises, purring at the sensation of having him entirely in her mouth, aroused him yet again. Jack felt his cock stiffen as it engorged, growing larger and pressing deeper into her mouth. Even as it passed six inches, Erin did not relent. She pressed further onto his shaft, if possible, and made constant swallowing motions with her tongue and throat. It teased his cock and urged it on. The head soon reached the back of her throat.

When she desperately needed a breath, Erin let out his cock, inch by inch past her swollen lips. In went a limp slug; out came a rock-hard fuck rod. 

"Mmm... that's better," she purred. "Now what shall we do with it?"

Jack reached down and ran the tip of his index finger up the length of his shaft as she watched. "I have an idea," he said. "It'll take a bit of coordination, though."

Erin stood up and kissed him deeply. "Well then, better hurry it up and tell me. We're going to prune soon here."

To answer her, Jack lay down on the bathtub floor, with his feet pointed toward the drain. The water stream rushed down and hit his stomach and groin. He gestured to his cock, slowly bobbing as the water hit it. "Why don't you have a seat here," he said. "And face the wall there."

"Okay baby," Erin agreed. She walked on either side of his body, and for a glorious second Jack had a perfect view of her pussy passing overhead, her engorged lips sliding back and forth as her legs moved. And then she was straddling his hips and lowering herself down. Jack drunk in the sight of her wet nude body crouched over his penis. Her lower back flared out into her supple ass, soft and begging to be ravaged. He briefly wondered what she thought about anal sex... but the sensation of her dripping pussy enveloping the head of his cock drove all other thoughts from his mind.

They both groaned out loud as Erin impaled herself on his shaft. She sunk down, inch by inch, until he felt the base of his cock brushing against her thighs. He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her back at a slant; she braced herself with her arms against the side of the tub.

And then she said, very quietly, "Fuuuuuuuuuck!"

Jack grinned. He'd wondered if Erin was the sort of girl who learned to masturbate by letting flaucet water run between her legs in the tub. Apparently, she was. The warm water rushed down to tap against her pelvis and clit, a constant and unrelenting flow of sensations that jolted into her body.

Without conciously deciding to, Erin began to move up and down on Jack's cock. Her eyes closed in ecstacy as her body felt the double assault of hot liquid and a thick shaft. Her body trembled as a minor orgasm ripped through her, then started to shake as she felt a much larger wave head toward her. Pleasure came from every thrust of his cock into her pussy, from every drop of water that pounded on her throbbing clit.

Jack ran his hand up her stomach to play with her hard nipples, gently squeezing them and rubbing them as she moved. It felt absolutely comfortable to feel her tight pussy wrap around his member and grab onto it as she lifted up. It felt downright erotic to feel it plunge deep into her as she came crashing down onto him. He watched her body writhe and shudder, and felt her pussy walls contract around his cock in a series of crashing orgasms. Jack groaned and kissed her back and neck as she came, loving the feeling of her getting off on him.

Finally, he felt his balls tighten and his cock hum with pleasure, and knew that he would not last much longer. Planting hands on her waist, he lifted her up so that only the head of his cock parted her pussy lips. She moaned and begged to be let go, to have him all again, but Jack had the control. He bucked his hips so that only an inch or two went up into her and then back out. Enough to push him toward the edge, and enough to drive her wild.

Despite her groans for release, he held out until his cock began to burst with cum. At that second he pushed down on her waist and slammed up into her. She felt his pulsing cock split her in two, shooting his hot cum into her even as it was sliding in. Erin screamed and came with that sensation, clamping onto his cock with her pussy and thrashing about until her orgasm subsided.

She fell back onto his chest and he wrapped his arms around her. Jack had no intention of letting her go again. Erin felt content to be there, to have his warm body against hers and his cock resting between her legs. Their combined juices flowed out of her pussy and were washed away by the falling droplets of the shower, cleaning them for a new future.