 "Oh, God. Another meeting." That was my initial reaction when I looked at my afternoon schedule. Another boring discussion about where the company should be headed. As a mid level secretary, my opinions or suggestions were unimportant; my skills at recording all of the "shared information" would be the only reason I was included in the meeting at all.

I knew I would never make it through the afternoon without another cup of coffee. As I walked past my co-worker's workstation, she reminded me that a new consultant was making a presentation at the meeting. "I better get a double espresso instead," I thought.

I got into the conference room early, making sure I had a seat near an outlet in case my notebook battery failed. I could take notes by hand, but it was faster, and easier, to record notes on the electronic notebook. Besides, then I could hide behind the screen when I started to roll my eyes.

The team members started to fill in the seats at the conference table around me. We were all engaged in the usual small talk when Mr. Richards, our boss, walked into the room. He was accompanied by an attractive gentleman, who I had to assume was our "new consultant."

Mr. Richards walked to the head of the table. "Ladies and gentlemen, I would like you to meet Brad Matthews. He is going to help us with our group consolidation. He has some common sense ideas. So let's give him our undivided attention, please."

Everyone turned to look at "Brad". "Well groomed," I thought. "Neat. Organized. Somewhere in his mid to late 40's, maybe. Married, 2.5 kids, drives a sedan." I put him in the pigeonhole where guys like him belonged.

But then he started to talk. His voice was softer than I expected. "As Mr. Richards said, my name is Brad Matthews. Let me tell you a little about myself before we get started," he said. "First off, I'd like to thank you for remembering to get me a cup of coffee." As he said this, he reached over my right shoulder and picked up my coffee cup. He took a long sip, and as he turned to walk away, he looked at me and winked. 

"Seriously?" I thought. "Who does this guy think he is?" I added "pompous asshole" to his pigeonhole. 

I struggled to keep up with Brad's presentation. Without my coffee, I was losing focus. And his voice was almost hypnotic. Finally, he wrapped it up, but asked me to stay behind so he could punctuate some of my notes with more detailed explanations. It was all I could do to keep from falling over on my keyboard.

After everyone else left the room he walked over behind my chair and leaned over my right shoulder, replacing the coffee cup from where he had taken it earlier. But instead of standing back up, he remained leaning over me, his lips close to my ear. "Sorry about your coffee," he whispered. "It just smelled so good, I couldn't help myself."

I turned toward him, and came face to face with the most incredible light brown eyes I had ever seen. "That's okay," I managed to croak as I looked back at my notebook. 

"No, it's not," he answered. "At least let me take you somewhere to replace it. It's the least I can do."

He had to stop whispering in my ear. It was making me a little crazy. "It's just coffee," I said. I turned toward him again. He was still leaning over me, his face just inches away from mine. It was at that moment that I made the mistake of looking at his lips, then back up into his eyes. 

He caught the glance, and he moved his left hand onto my shoulder. I could feel the warmth of his fingers through my blouse. I began to wonder what it would feel like to have those fingers exploring my flesh. My breathing was becoming shallower by the moment. "Meet me for a drink after work," he suggested. "Even if it's just coffee."

A million scenarios began swimming through my head, all of them ending up in the same place. I couldn't understand it. I just met this guy, and all of a sudden I'm having fantasies about him? What was happening? I kept thinking to myself, "It's just coffee. It's just coffee." Like I could fool myself.

"Sure. That would be great," I told him. 

5:00 rolled around, and he appeared at my desk. My heart was pounding through my chest. I hadn't felt so nervous since my senior prom, and that was a long, long time ago. He patiently waited while I finished clearing off my desk and locking up.

"So where to?" he asked.

"Well, if it's just coffee, we could go over to the bookstore," I offered.

So that's where we ended up. Sitting together on a sofa in the back of the bookstore, sipping coffee. Talking. Getting to know each other. Making sure he wasn't married. Or a serial killer. Or gay. All the important stuff.

Somehow we kept moving closer together. Even after the coffee was gone, we sat, talking. His voice began to hypnotize me again. 

Especially when he leaned over and whispered, "I want to kiss you." 

I looked down and closed my eyes, trying to get my head to stop spinning. He reached over and brushed my hair back, and then his lips were there, gently nuzzling my neck. It felt so good, so deliciously arousing. He stopped, and took my face in his hands and looked into my eyes. And then he kissed me, slowly, gently, like he had all the time in the world. I closed my eyes and surrendered to the heat that was spreading inside me. He trailed kisses back to my ear, and then, so softly, he said, "I want to make love to you. I want to touch you and kiss you and taste every inch of you."

"Yes." It was all I could say, and it came out in a whisper that could barely be heard. I was completely under his spell.

That was how I ended up in his bedroom. I don't even remember getting there. He took off his clothes, and then he made me sit on the edge of the bed. He undressed me so slowly, with that same relaxed feeling like he had nothing but time. First he took off my blouse, and massaged my arms and back. Then he reached back and unhooked my bra. As he slid the straps off my shoulders, he kissed the path of each strap down my arms.

He knelt down on the floor in front of me and took my left breast in his hand, and took my nipple into his mouth, and nibbled and sucked until it was throbbing; and then he did the same thing to my right nipple. My fingers were tangled in his hair as he bit and sucked on my breasts, and I thrilled in watching him flick his tongue across me. I could feel how wet I was getting and I could only guess that he was getting hard as well.

He undid my belt and pushed me back on the bed to take off my pants. When I was naked there on his bed, he straddled his knees over me, and pushed me up so my feet were off the floor, too. Then he positioned himself over me and asked me to take his cock in my mouth. I flicked my tongue around the tip of his penis, and then I grasped him gently with my right hand and took him into my mouth. He closed his eyes and moaned as I sucked and teased him with my tongue; his pleasure made me want him even more.

He pulled away from me, and slid his body down over me. He slipped his legs between mine, forcing them apart. Leaning on his hands so he wouldn't crush me, he bent down and kissed me again, forcing his tongue into my mouth, consuming me with his desire. I could feel his cock throbbing against me, and I began to writhe beneath him. His mouth traced light kisses all over me as he moved down my neck, my breasts, down my belly until he knelt between my legs. He maneuvered his arms under my thighs and lifted my sex to his mouth.

I had never felt anything like this before. It was as if he were kissing and licking and sucking me into unconsciousness. He slowed down and began to leisurely lick my pussy, his tongue plunging into me every now and then, punctuated by small bursts of air that he blew into me between strokes of his tongue. He moved his arms out from beneath me, and gently slid two, then three fingers of one hand inside of me. With his other hand, he spread the lips of my pussy and flicked his tongue across my clit. I couldn't help thrusting my hips up into him as I began to slide into oblivion. I reached my hands down and buried my fingers into his hair as his tongue and fingers worked faster on me. I was grinding my hips into his mouth, harder and faster. I realized then that I was moaning, and saying, 'Oh, God, yes, yes," over and over, and getting louder and louder. I couldn't help myself. I wanted to cum in his mouth, NOW.

He knew I was close, and he thrust his fingers inside me as far as he could while his tongue whipped my clit. I looked down at him, between my legs with his fingers and tongue buried inside my pussy, and bit back a scream as I came, hard and fast.

I was shaking from the intensity of my orgasm, and still pulsing inside, when he withdrew his fingers and pulled away from me. "Get on your hands and knees," he whispered. I rolled over and did as he asked.

He knelt behind me, and slipped his cock inside me. He moaned as he massaged his hands across my ass and then gripped my hips tightly. He started off in a slow rhythm, and then he thrust into me faster and faster. I could tell he was watching as his cock moved in and out of me.

As he began to whisper, "Yes, oh, yes," I could feel another orgasm building inside me. I dropped my head, and as I did, he reached up and pulled my hair. He called out, "yes, yes, yes" in time with the thrusts of his cock. He buried himself as far into me as he could, and held me there as he came inside me. I could feel the heat of his cum, and the thought of it drove me over the edge again. I opened my mouth in a silent scream as I melted, on my hands and knees, with his cock still throbbing inside me.

Exhausted, I collapsed underneath him, and he fell to the bed with me, making sure that he didn't slide out of me. He managed to move us onto our sides, and we stayed there, spooned like that, his arms wrapped around me, and started to fall asleep.

As I drifted off, I wondered how I was going to deal with this the next day. How I was going to be able to work in the same office as this guy, who turned out to be single, no kids, and drove a 4 x 4 pickup truck. He seemed to read my mind, because he softly whispered into my ear, "Don't worry. It's just coffee." I snuggled closer to him and fell into a blissful sleep.