 Crystal and I didn't get to go away on our own too often. We either seemed to holiday with family or friends, or work just got in the way and couldn't find the time. However, this year we had managed to get some time off together and gone to a lively island in Greece for a two week break. The weather was great, the food was great and of course the sex was great. I wasn't sure it could get much better but about halfway through the holiday that's most certainly what happened. We generally went out for dinner in the evening and then found a bar to settle down in for the night before staggering back to our hotel room and fucking each other's brains out. 

On this particular night we had got a bit tipsy and decided we would find a club for a dance. Crystal, as always, looked radiant. She was wearing a nice flowery dress, quite short, with a pair of sandals and had her dark hair in a ponytail so she could show off her tan. I was wearing a casual short sleeved shirt and a pair of shorts. The evenings seem to stay as hot as the daytime over here. As we walked down the street towards a club I wanted to just push her into a shop doorway and take her there and then, she looked so hot. There were far too many revelers out and about though, hanging out of the bars and having fun on the streets, so I guess that would have to wait for later.

We eventually found a club and made our way in. The music was pumping and the dance floor was packed with people of all ages, most though not wearing too much that left a lot to the imagination. That wasn't a bad thing and I knew Crystal wouldn't mind me having a look... I was sure she'd be doing the same. I'd already caught her flirting with a couple of waiters on the first night we were there, so I had no choice but to give her a good spanking back in our room. We surveyed the scene and Crystal spotted a table, so I went to the bar. It seemed to take an age to get served, but I eventually picked up a couple of very alcoholic cocktails and made my way to the table.

"Mmmmm delicious," said Crystal as she sank back into the chair seductively sucking her drink through a straw.

I laughed. "Do you have to do that?" I joked.

"Why? Do you wish I was sucking something else?" she asked.

"Always," I replied and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

We sat back and chilled for a while enjoying the atmosphere.

"Do you fancy a dance?" Crystal asked.

The dance floor looked pretty crowded, but I was sure we could find a bit of space so we got up and joined the throngs of hot sweaty people gyrating to the loud music. Crystal was doing her best to dance very seductively, getting as close to me as possible and rubbing whatever she could against me.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you," she said loudly into my ear so I could hear above the music.

"Forgot to tell me what?" I replied grabbing her around the waist.

"I'm not wearing any panties tonight," she said with a big smile on her face.

"Yes you are, I saw you put them on earlier," I answered. It was a nice try but she couldn't fool me.

"Find out for yourself then," she goaded.

I decided to take her up on that challenge. We were quite crowded by people around us, but I knew I could slip my hand up her skirt without drawing any attention, as everyone seemed lost in the music. Crystal moved up close to me. I let my hands slide down her waist first and tried have a feel that way, but it was difficult to tell. I moved my hands to the bottom of her skirt so my hands were resting on her firm buttocks. I then slipped a hand around the front so it was tight between us and felt my way up inside her skirt. As I reached the top of her thighs the first thing I touched was the bare skin of her pussy.

"See," she said grinning.

I could only assume she slipped them off when visiting the ladies, but I wasn't complaining. Crystal moved her hand onto my groin which was now rigid against her.

"I see you aren't disappointed then," she laughed as she squeezed my cock. 

We continued to dance together very closely. I hadn't moved my hand from the edge of her pussy and she still had hers pressed firmly against my rigid cock.

"Finger me," she said.

"What here?" I replied with a shout.

I know she wanted to try a bit of public sex, but on the middle of a dance floor? Then again, who knew what went on with so many bodies in such a tight space. I didn't really need a second invitation and slipped two fingers straight into her pussy, which was very wet. Crystal pushed even closer to me and let out a moan, squeezing my cock even harder as she did so. I moved my fingers inside of her just the way she liked. Her pussy felt so tight and wet. She rested her head on my shoulder groaning as I finger fucked her. I could feel her clenching against my hand and knew she was close.

"I'm going to cum," she panted into my ear and with that I felt her pussy get even tighter around my fingers and a squirt of juice as she came right there and then on the dance floor surrounded by people who seemed oblivious to the whole thing.

Crystal gradually came down from her orgasm still holding my cock and I slid my fingers back out of her, feeling the wetness down the inside of her legs.

"Let's go sit down," I said to her.

"Not yet," she answered and with that started to wank me off through my shorts.

"What are you doing?" I asked, knowing this wasn't the place I wanted to be doing this, but Crystal just carried on.

"I'm returning the favour," she replied and grabbed me even harder.

I knew I couldn't last very long and within moments I felt a familiar build up and my leg's go weak as I ejaculated in my pants, hot sticky cum all inside of my shorts, I hoped it didn't show through. It felt good all right, but I knew it was going to get very uncomfortable down there. Crystal gave me a little peck on the cheek. We were both had a look around us but it didn't look like anyone had noticed what we'd been up to.

"I'd better go clean up a bit," I said and made my way to the toilets whilst Crystal went back to the table.

I did my best to wipe myself clean, but knew I would need to have a shower when we got back. It wasn't too damp though, so I was sure I'd be okay for a little while. I went back to the table, where Crystal was sitting with a stupid grin on her face and sat down next to her. I noticed she had bought us some more drinks whilst I'd been away, so I went to work on my cocktail. 

"Enjoy that darling?" she asked still grinning stupidly at me.

"Of course I did," I answered smiling back at her.

"It's been a long time since I made you cum in your pants," she joked.

That was true enough. We continued to chat for a bit before a petite looking girl with darkish blonde hair came and plonked herself down at our table.

"You okay if I join you?" she asked. I couldn't quite pinpoint her accent, so I assumed she must be Greek.

"Sure," Crystal replied.

She introduced herself. Her name was Caterina from Italy. I was close. I asked her if she was alone, and she said she was as her boyfriend had to fly back to Italy for a couple of days to sort out some business.

"I hope you don't mind me saying," she said smiling at us, "but that was quite a show you put on over there," she continued motioning towards the dance floor.

Crystal laughed and I knew I would have gone bright red, but fortunately it would have been too dark for anyone to notice. I wondered how many other people had seen us. Mind you everyone seemed so drunk I doubt they cared.

"You're welcome," said Crystal, "we aim to please."

"It's amazing what you see going on in places like this," said Caterina as she took a sip from her own drink.

"Really?" Crystal replied.

Caterina laughed and started to whisper in Crystal's ear. I'd no idea what they were saying but I'm sure it was dirty knowing my wife. I sat back and soaked up the atmosphere as the girls seemed to be getting on like a house on fire, but I had to admit that I was still a bit uncomfortable and could do with going back and getting changed. I mentioned this to Crystal and she asked if Caterina would like to join us back at our hotel for a drink. It turned out Caterina was staying just down the road from us, so she was happy to. It was about one in the morning by now and the streets were full of drunk people partying and doing who knows what else. 

Crystal and Caterina were both very tipsy and joined in with the fun as we headed back. I just needed to get changed. Eventually we reached the hotel. It looked pretty quiet in the bar area so I suggested we go back to our room where we had a free mini bar that we could tuck into. The girls agreed that was a good idea and off we went. I headed straight to the shower as soon as we got in the room and left Crystal to put some music on and get our guest a drink. Not that it sounded like we needed any music on, there was plenty of noise from outside, but that was the norm here.

I went into the shower and got myself cleaned and freshened up. I put on a bathrobe with the intention of grabbing some clean clothes from the wardrobe. Leaving the bathroom I noticed that the girls weren't in the main living area, so assumed they must have gone to sit on the balcony. I walked into the bedroom to get changed and stood stock still as I saw my wife on the bed French kissing Caterina. Wow, was pretty much my only thought. I didn't think my wife was into that sort of thing, so put it down to the drink. I cleared my throat rather loudly and obviously.

"Oh sorry hun, didn't hear you get out of the shower," said Crystal as took her mouth away from Caterina's. "Hope you don't mind, we were just getting to know each other a bit better," she grinned.

I noticed that Crystals skirt was up around her waist as she let go of Caterina, showing her shaved mound. Crystal saw me looking and pulled her skirt back down looking a bit flustered. Had Caterina been touching my wife down there? Kissing was one thing, but I certainly didn't expect that from Crystal... not that I was complaining.

"Why don't you come over here and get to know Caterina a little better yourself?" she beckoned patting the bed.

"Yes, that would be very nice," agreed Caterina in her very sexy Italian voice, "It's looks like you want to," she said with a little laugh.

I look down and unsurprisingly saw a bulge in my bathrobe where my cock was standing to attention. Couldn't really do much about that having seen what was going on before me.

"Why not," I replied and walked over to the bed.

"Caterina was telling me she gives the best blow jobs in Southern Europe," said Crystal and both of them burst out laughing. "Would you like to put that to the test?"

It didn't look like I would get much choice, Caterina had pulled my robe aside letting my cock free before I could even form an answer.

"Mmmm, it is very nice," she said admiring it.

Crystal told me to take off the robe and lie down on the bed. I was more than happy to do as I was told. I made myself comfortable whilst Caterina went to work on my cock. She wrapped her hand around it, seemingly pleased with the size of it and started to wank me. After a few moments of this she shifted her position on the bed and went to work with her mouth. She took the end of my cock in her sweet mouth and sucked on my cock as if she had been starved of having one. I had to admit she was very good. Whilst Caterina was sucking me Crystal had stripped her dress off so she was only in her bra. As always she looked very hot. Caterina seemed not to notice as she was too busy slurping up and down on my rigid shaft. I wondered if she was going to get naked also, she looked like she had a stunning little figure tucked away under there. 

I didn't have much time to think about though as Crystal had moved above me and was slowly squatting down over my face inching her pussy closer to my lips. I clearly knew what she wanted and took hold of her waist to guide her into position. I felt her lips touch mine and started to tongue her just the way she liked. I'd never had a threesome before, but man this was fantastic. There was a lot of moaning and groaning going on in the room from all parties and the smell of sex in the air was intoxicating. Eventually Caterina took my cock out of her mouth. I had to admit I was a little disappointed. Crystal had stayed where she was though and with her hands pushed to the wall she was writhing on my face, which was soaked in her juices, and continued to enjoy the pleasure of my tongue in her vagina.

I couldn't see, but I could hear Caterina unzipping her own dress and letting it fall to the floor. Crystal took this as a sign to have a break and lay down on the bed beside me. I was then able to see Caterina in all her glory. She had very firm breasts, slightly smaller than Crystals, but with rock hard nipples. Crystal like to keep herself shaved, but Caterina had a small amount of blonde pubic hair between her legs, neatly trimmed it had to be said. She certainly was a looker no question about that. I had a feeling that Crystal thought so to as I heard her give a little sound of approval as she too looked at the Italian standing naked in our room.

"I'm a little wet down here," said Caterina pointing at her pussy, "I don't suppose I could sit on your husband's cock could I?" she asked Crystal.

"Fine with me," Crystal answered as she lay beside me.

I'd been with Crystal a long time and had only ever fucked one other girl before I met her. I was so used to having her delicious pussy around my cock that I wondered what this would feel like. Caterina climbed above me and looking at my face, which much have been a picture of sheer delight, she lowered herself slowly onto me. She needed no guidance, her pussy was very slick with juices and she slid straight down taking all of my length inside of her.

"Oooo, your cock feels so hard," she moaned.

Caterina started to get herself into a rhythm and I adjusted myself so I could hold her hips whilst she rode me. Crystal had decided she wanted a piece of the action as well and before I knew it had taken one of Caterina's nipples in her mouth and was sucking on it like a piece of candy. Oh my God, this had to be the hottest thing I had ever seen. Crystal had also started to touch herself between her legs.

"Oh, suck my nipple harder, that fuckin turns me on," cried Caterina.

Crystal did so and then rubbed the other breast with her hand as Caterina continued to fuck my cock. I knew I was getting close to cumming for the second time that night and took hold of Caterina to slow her down a bit. I wasn't sure if she wanted my load inside of her. She took this as a sign that I was close and slipped my cock back out of her, which was by now dripping with her juices. Crystal had stopped sucking on her breast by this time.

"Do you want to help me make him cum?" Crystal asked her with a wicked look in her eye.

"It would be my pleasure," answered Caterina, "but maybe we should make him wait a little longer."

I wasn't sure what she had in mind, but it didn't take long to figure it out as she pushed Crystal down onto the bed and opened her legs. Was she about to go down on my wife? The answer to that was a big yes. I was sure Crystal had never been with another woman, but she didn't seem to have any complaints as Caterina buried her face between her legs and expertly went to work on her clitoris. I was pretty sure this wasn't her first time with a woman. Crystal was playing with her own breasts, squeezing her nipples hard as Caterina licked away at her.

"Give me your cock," she moaned.

I got off the bed and went and stood next to her so she could take her cock in my mouth. She was clearly lost in the moment and sucked on me for all she was worth as the blonde girl between her legs finally brought her to orgasm. Crystal let go of my cock and wailed with delight as wave after wave of her orgasm ripped through her. Caterina was still between her legs and gave Crystal's soaking pussy a few final licks before sitting up on the bed once Crystal was done.

"You enjoy?" she asked Crystal.

"It was amazing," Crystal replied.

Crystal was out of breath and looked spent for the time being. 

"I want you to fuck her again for me," Crystal suddenly said to me.

Caterina was clearly only too happy to oblige and got onto all fours on the bed so I could enter her from behind. I positioned myself behind her and let her guide my cock into her. I moved in and out very slowly at first and then sped up so we were fucking in a very steady rhythm. Caterina was moaning and groaning and pushed herself into me, grinding her arse against my belly. She was panting away for all she was worth and after we had been fucking for a few minutes she tilted her head back letting a big moan.

"I'm cumming," she blurted out and I held her tight to me as her orgasm took hold of her. She was a lot noisier than Crystal and I wondered if the people in our neighbouring room could hear her, not that I cared. I continued to hold her as I felt her body relax and then went back to fucking her tight pussy. I knew it wouldn't be long before I was ready to cum myself and I slowed myself to a steady pace savouring every moment, after all, this might have been the only time I'd ever get to fuck another woman with my wife's permission. Sure enough it wasn't long before I could feel the build up. Crystal noticed this too. 

"Come on our faces," she said jumping off the bed.

Caterina pulled away from me and knelt on the floor next to Crystal. I stood over them, my cock wet with the juices from Caterina's pussy. They both grabbed hold of my cock and started to furiously wank me as they knelt, mouths wide open. That was enough for me. I let out a cry as my cock exploded over their faces, jets of white cum shooting out at them. They took moved my cock around so they both got a good faceful of my sticky load as they continued to tug on me. There was plenty to go round. By the time they had squeezed out the last few drops, both of them had cum in their hair, on their faces and dripping from their mouths. Just when I thought that was it, Crystal leant over and started to snog Caterina, sharing what was left of my juice. What a sight. I let them get on with it and flopped back onto the bed. Eventually they both went giggling into the bathroom to get cleaned up. I poured us all another drink and waited for them to return. There was no way I was ever going to forget this night that was for sure, I just wondered whether or not there would be a repeat performance before we went home. Well that would be a story for another day.