 Last year, when I was in Italy, I had one of the horniest fucks of my life. So far.

It had been a really hot August day and when I returned to our hotel I decided to have a shower and cool off. I undressed, and just before I stepped into the shower I decided to open the large window facing it. Because it was a bathroom, the window had privacy glass in it but I just wanted to feel a cool breeze on my skin.

To my surprise, there was a young guy sitting smoking a cigarette on the balcony of the hotel opposite, which was only about twenty feet away. He was olive-skinned, dark haired and from what I could see, not wearing much clothing himself. He was naked from the waist up with broad shoulders and a nicely defined chest. Surprised to be confronted by a stranger who could clearly see me standing there naked, I almost slammed the window shut again but something stopped me. I realised that I was enjoying both the way his eyes were raking over my nakedness and the sudden surge of wetness between my legs. 

I smiled at him before lightly flicking my nipples and then lowered my hand further and slipped a finger into my slick pussy, enjoying the sensation. I then slowly raised my finger to my mouth and licked and sucked my own juices.

His eyes widened in surprise but he gave me a sexy little half-smile in return. Suddenly, he stood up and leaning back against the wall, he pushed his trousers down and his cock sprang free.

He lazily took a last draw on his cigarette before dropping it and grasping his dick. He was a big boy and I was desperate to feel that gorgeous cock jumping and twitching in my mouth. I licked my lips and squeezed my tits together, massaging them and rolling my thumbs over my nipples which were now really stiff and begging to be sucked.

He began to pump his cock, hard and fast, and I used my fingers to massage my clit - all the while both of us maintaining eye contact. Just as I came to a shuddering climax, my boyfriend knocked on the bathroom door asking me if I was ok, so I hurriedly shut the window and managed to croak out that I was fine. When I re-opened the window the guy was gone. 

Later that evening a group of us went to see a band that was playing on the lakefront. It was a warm evening and I was enjoying the balmy air and a few cocktails when out of the corner of my eye I felt someone staring at me.

It was the guy from the balcony. He was standing with a group of friends just a short distance away from me, wearing a simple white shirt and shorts which emphasised his tan. His dark hair was swept back from his face and he had a very strong, masculine profile. He had to be Italian. I stared back at him, remembering how stiff his cock had been and thinking how much I wanted to feel him pushing it inside me.

I got up on the pretext of going to the loo and walked past him. The toilets were quite a distance away from the lakefront and I hoped he'd follow me. But when I looked round there was no sign of him. Disappointed, I continued walking slowly along the path which had trees and shrubs bordering it. Out of nowhere, I suddenly felt him appear behind me. He grasped my hand and pulled me off the path and into the wooded area.

I hardly had time to say "Hello" before he had me pressed up against a tree with my back to him. He lifted my hair up, twisting it in his hand and began kissing and gently biting my neck. I could feel his erection against my ass through the thin material of my dress and I squirmed against him.

My pussy was pulsating and I could feel the wetness seeping through my knickers. He pulled the top of my dress down and I felt the cool air making my nipples tighter. He reached around and pulled me back onto him, his hands roughly massaging my tits while he began grinding his cock against me. I tried to reach behind me for his dick but he refused to let me turn to face him, which was driving me crazy because I desperately wanted to take him in my mouth.

He then pushed me back against the tree and the rough bark against my bare breasts and nipples felt incredibly arousing. 

He yanked up my dress and pulled my hips out so that I was bent over from the waist up. My pussy was craving his cock so I spread my legs as far apart as I could to accommodate him.

I felt him push my drenched knickers aside and then he thrust into my aching cunt with savage force. At the same time his hand was stroking my clit while the other was brutally pinching my nipples and I felt as if I was being impaled on his rigid cock. He was just taking my cunt and filling it with his huge dick. 

He drove into me again and again until I came in a frenzy of spasms that left me trembling and barely able to stand. My pussy was still convulsing around his cock as he shot his hot cum into me.

I sank to my knees as he withdrew from me and pushed me on to all fours. He inserted a long finger into my dripping pussy and then he brought his hand round to my mouth. I licked and sucked our combined juices off his finger and began rubbing my ass up against his groin until I could hear him groaning and feel his cock begin to get hard again. Before he knew what to expect I whipped round and forced him on to his back. He reached for my tits and pulled me up so that he could suck on my erect nipples.

My cunt was dripping, wet and wanting. I pressed my body against the length of him and enjoyed the feel of his cock growing stiffer under my grinding pussy. I took his dick in my hands and began stroking him and he grew even more rigid. I ran my wet tongue up and down his shaft and took as much of his thick length into my mouth as I could manage and then concentrated on licking and sucking his head until my lips were coated in his pre cum. 

I could tell that he was enjoying watching me suck him off and that just made me suck and pump him harder. By now my cunt was ready for another hammering so I raised myself up and then slowly lowered myself onto his cock. When I had straddled him I reached behind me to cup his balls while beginning to move myself up and down. He began thrusting his hips to meet the rise and fall of my soaking wet pussy and I rode him hard until we both climaxed and lay together gasping on the carpet of dried leaves and under growth.

My scratched knees would take some explaining, but it was definitely a night to remember.