 It was a sultry night in late August, my husband & I went out for a drive. We drove out to a small lake close to town, sat and watched the sun set. He had his arm around me and we were talking about how beautiful the sun looked as it went away.

Shortly after it had set for the evening, we headed for home. When we got there, he grabbed my hand and led me to the bedroom. He shut the bedroom door, pushed me against the wall, and kissed me passionately. His tongue moved slowly in my mouth trying to savor every minute. He sucked on my lips softly. Then he worked his way down to my neck, kissing, licking & lightly sucking, finding the spot that drove me wild! A small moan escaped from me. 

I could feel the excitement starting to stir deep inside my pussy. I love it when he pays attention to my neck, along with deep, slow, passionate kisses.

He grabbed my shirt and lifted it over my head, then undid my bra, took it off. My nipples instantly got hard from the cool air conditioning.  Went for my pants and let them fall to the floor. I stood there naked, wanting to feel his touch all over my body.

As he kissed me, he reached down and took one of my big tits in his hand and pinched the nipple. It made me arch my back with a little bit of pain & pleasure all at the same time.

His mouth moved slowly down to my neck again, then worked his way down to my tits. Took a nipple and sucked on it, flicking his tongue over it. He went down my stomach to my neatly trimmed patch and started kissing it. I spread my legs so he could get to my hot pussy.

He stuck his tongue inside my wet folds and touched my clit. I moaned with pleasure. It had been so long since he had done this to me, I longed for his touch. He then took his tongue and put it at my opening, licking inside my cunt.

My knees started getting weak, so we moved over to the bed. I laid down on my back and he crawled up between my legs placing his hot tongue back onto my pussy. Licking and lightly sucking on my clit. Then I felt a finger slip into my cunt. He took his finger out and then he reached down and stuck it in my asshole.

I let a moan escape, it felt AWESOME! He was fucking my ass with his finger as he sucked on my clit. With his other hand, he stuck a finger in my pussy. Shortly after he had started, I felt the wave of an orgasm spreading over my body.

All the muscles in my body stiffened up and I arched my back. I had to bite my lower lip because the kids were wake. My body had this tremendous wave flow over it and I started crawling on my back as he kept licking. I hadn't had an orgasm like that in a long time.

He slowly removed his finger from my ass and kissed my body all the way up, stopping at my tits giving them a quick suck and lick as he came up to my neck. Kissing and licking all around. He found my mouth and I eagerly started kissing him, licking his face to get every drop of sweet juice. I sucked on his goatee to get all the flavor out. I had to make sure none was wasted!

I love the way my pussy taste, I took the finger that was inside my wet cunt and sucked it like a small cock, until it was clean. We kissed passionately for a few minutes, slowly exploring each others tongues.

He maneuvered himself on top of me and his hard cock found that wet slit of mine. I could feel my pussy begging for him to be inside of me. He slowly put just the head in me, fucking me like that for a few strokes. I was pushing my hips forward trying to get more in me. 

I wanted to feel his cock buried deep inside my hot, wet pussy. Then, with one hard thrust he slammed it all the way to the hilt, making me moan. DAMN, it felt wonderful. He pulled out until just the head was inside me again. Fucking me, teasing me with that beautiful cock of his. Then, SLAM he was all the way inside me again, filling my pussy with his big cock.

Another moan escaped from me. My head sunk back against the pillow and I told him to fuck me harder. He started fucking me like it was the last time he was ever going to have sex. Ramming his big, hard cock deep inside my soaked cunt.

His mouth met mine and he kissed me. I could still smell the faint aroma of my pussy on his face. My mind was whirling with pleasure. Then he leaned his head down and bit my upper chest. I LOVE that! I moaned loud as his teeth sunk into my skin.

He slowed his rhythm and soon after, I could feel my pussy throb. That familiar feeling came over me and I started breathing heavy. I buried my face into his chest as my orgasm flooded my body. I wrapped my arms around his back and thought I would squeeze the life out of him.

He then started to cum, he buried his cock deep inside me and filled me with his hot jism. We laid there for a few minutes with him on top of  me. I could feel the remains of our love making flow out of me. He kissed me with passion and looked into my eyes telling me how much he loves me.

We got cleaned up and then we snuggled in each others arms as we drifted off to sleep.