 I hadn't heard from Alex in a long time. Once in awhile I would get a dick pick that would make my pussy yearn for his cock to pound me like he did that night in his home. And other times, I would send him a text telling him I needed to be fucked hard. 

There were countless nights when I would pull up the clip Alex had sent me of him fucking his wife from behind and pretend that it was my pussy he was fucking, my moans and my voice telling him to fuck me. I tried hard to forget about how many times I had cum that night to Alex's finger fucking, his hard cock pounding me like a dirty slut, and his load all over my titties. 

I had pretty much long given up on being able to taste Alex again. And in fact, a part of me couldn't help but feel that the good Christian girl in me shouldn't have these desires for a married man. I needed to cleanse myself of the most sinful thing I had ever done: fuck a marry man and enjoyed it and prayed for more of it. 

So I finally decided to start fucking single men again. Garrett was a handsome brunette, 5'8, and blessed with a really good size dick that he would often pound deep into the back of my throat, letting his balls rub all over my face.

"Izzy, your mouth. Ah. I could come a million times in your mouth and you would take all of my cum."

"You love it," I responded with a giggle, cleaning up every last drop of his cum. 

"What are you doing tomorrow night?"

"Getting my pussy pounded by your cock."

"Ha. My coworker is having a get together at her place and I told her I'd bring my new girl," Garrett said with a wink.

"New girl? Tell me about her." 

"Well, she's absolutely gorgeous. And smart. And sexy. And she loves getting fucked by my cock. She wakes me up everyone morning by riding me and cumming all over my cock, and at night she cums all over my mouth while I eat her tight little pussy."

"I'm going to need you to fuck me again," I said, wet from his words. Garrett laughed, which was his way of saying he didn't have it in him to fuck me twice in one night. I ended up having to sneak away after he fell asleep, and cum to the video I loved most, Alex fucking his wife. 

The next night as we drove up to the house a few miles from Garrett's, I had a moment of deja vu. Garrett held my hands as we walked up the steps, his way of making a claim on me. I didn't mind it; it had been awhile since I'd actually liked a guy enough I'd spend the night at his place, and for the last two weeks, I had pretty much spent almost every night getting my pussy fucked hard by him. 

Right away, I was introduced to a beautiful brunette who had curves in all the right places. 

"Lauren, this is my girlfriend, Izzy."

"Hi Izzy." Her voice startled me.

"Hi. You have a beautiful home," I said unsure of how to act.

"I'm glad you could make it. Everyone is out back. Make yourself comfortable," she suggested as she turned and went back to making some last minute preparation. I knew that on the lower right backside of that body was a tattoo of a figure, probably because for the last month, I had watched her get fucked by her husband. 

I had my pussy eaten out against this hallway wall, and the kitchen table on our way to the backyard, I had my legs spread wide so that Lauren's husband could get deep inside of my tight pussy. My naked body had been spread across table, defiled and filled by her husband's cock.

"Izzy, you okay?" Garrett asked, bringing me back.

"Yes. Well no. I don't know why but I don't feel so well right now," knowingly that I knew exactly why I suddenly couldn't process anything. 

"Here, I'll get you a glass of water. You sit here," Garrett said pulling out a chair from the dining table I had been fucked on.

"No, no. Let's just go out back and mingle with your colleagues."

"You sure?"

"Yes." Garrett leaned in and kissed me on the forehead.

"You let me know if we need to go home, okay?" 

I nodded.

"Garrett!" A familiar voice called out. "How are you man?"

"I'm good," Garrett said taking the beer that was being passed to him. "This is my girlfriend, Izzy. Izzy, this is Alex, Lauren's husband."

We shook each other's hand and gave cordial hello's, but I was sure we both had guilt painted on our faces. 

"Izzy, you sure you're okay?" Garrett asked, this time with a worried look. 

"Nothing a shot of tequila can't solve," Alex suggested.

"That is her favorite," Garrett suspiciously replied.

"She looks like a tequila girl," Alex said and winked. 

I quickly took the double shot of tequila and begin to feel at ease. The night passed by slowly as the guilt that I had about sleeping with a married man only increased as I learned more about Lauren and Alex. 

Every now and then though, I would steal a glance at Alex, only to find him staring at me, sure that he felt as uncomfortable as I did. We were just waiting for me to leave his house and never return.

"Where's the bathroom?" I asked, knowingly well where it was. 

"Up the stairs to your left," Lauren and Alex said that the same time and then laughed at how in sync they were with each other. 

I took my time in the bathroom. Thinking about how when I went back downstairs I would tell Garrett I really wasn't feeling well and needed to go home. Just as I was about to leave, there was a knock.

"Izzy, you okay?"

"Yes. Just finishing up," I said as I open the door. 

It was Alex. I could see his throbbing cock through is pants. 

"I'm sorry. Here let me get out of your way," I said, as I tried to move pass him down the hallway. 

"Wait," Alex said. As he took my hand and force me to rub his hard cock.

"Alex. Your wife is downstairs."

"I know. That's why it's even more hot. I want to fuck you right now." He pulled me into the bathroom with him. Kissing my neck and mouth before he pulled down my pants. 

"Izzy, you've been a naughty, naughty girl. Your pussy is dripping wet. What kind of naughty thoughts were you having out there?"

"None," I protested. "We can't do this. We shouldn't. Your wife. My boyfriend. I can see them from here."

"You really don't want me to fuck you?" He asked as he licked my clit. "I miss how sweet your pussy taste. Every night when I'm fucking my wife, I think about your wet pussy."

I couldn't hold back anymore. I relaxed and let Alex eat my pussy. His licked the outside lips, kissing my clit, and his tongue fucking me.

"I'm going to cum," I whimpered. "God Alex! Eat my pussy and make me cum all over your face."

"That's my dirty little slut." I came fast and hard. "I'm going to fuck you hard. I want you to look out that window. Watch my wife and your boyfriend. Baby, if they only knew how hard you were being fucked right now."

I couldn't help it, and I let out a scream of pleasure. People in the backyard looked around but didn't know where it was coming from.

"You slut!" Alex said, slapping my ass hard. "You can't go screaming when my wife is downstairs. I can't have my wife finding out that I am fucking a slut in our house, can I? No."

Alex grabbed the hand towel and put it in my mouth. "Scream into that. Scream as much as you want. No one can hear you know."

I screamed and came over and over and over again all over his cock. I could hear my pussy wet from all the fucking.

"Yes baby. God I missed your tight little pussy. You feel so good. Keep cumming."

Alex begin fucking me harder. I was no longer bent over looking out the window. I was on all fours, legs wide open, ass in the air, arched back, letting him pound my pussy. 

I could hear Alex's moan beginning to reach his climax. 

"Fuck me Alex! Fuck my tight little pussy!"

"Baby I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum!"

"Cum Alex. Cum inside my pussy! I want to feel you inside of me."

I began rubbing my clit, I wanted to cum with him. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuccccckkkk!" I whimpered as I came again with Alex. He exploded inside of me, as he continued to thrusting his cock until it finally went limp.

"Fuck Izzy. You are fucking amazing. Fuck!"

We both caught our breaths, and just as I was about to clean up, Alex stopped me.

"Don't clean your pussy. You're my slut and as my slut, I want you to go home filled with my cum."

I gladly obliged. We both went downstairs, out to the backyard, and pretended like nothing happen. 

The rest of the night, I could fill his cum and my wet pussy soaking my underwear. I didn't care though because I loved our dirty little secret.