 Izetta's eyes close in bliss. His hand sweeps her caramel-toned hip and continues on towards its target. With a little thrill she notices just how closely Al is watching her. She loves an attentive lover. His brown eyes study her face. He lies mere mere millimeters away. Their faces are almost touching. As one of his adventurous hands begins delicately probing her pussy, Izetta closes her eyes and lets out a kitten-cry. She follows her outburst with whispered, encouraging words.

"Please. Don't stop."

Izetta parts her lashes. Having found her sopping, folds, Al's eyes are slits, heavy with desire. Izetta breathes into his parted mouth. 

Every dexterous stroke between her thighs, stokes the passion at her core. Izetta writhes. Al's ministrations rob her of conscious thought. She longs to let him feel her fever. Izetta moans and rasps, a slave to wanton desire. she mews with pent-up frustrations, wishing for the moment when he will enter her. She reaches between them and grasps his cock. wraps her fingers around his throbbing head. He bucks into her hand, as swollen as stone, as ready as granite. She shifts. Aching.

Sensing her quiet desperation, Al pulls her bodily on top of him. As she straddles him, she runs her appreciative fingers over the fine down of his dark hair. His massive chest expands beneath her touch. Her fingers burn him. She bends her head to kiss him. She rubs his shaft, coating his cock in her slickness. The darkness in his eyes pleases her. Leaning back on his thick thighs as though horse-riding, Izetta thinks about taking him into her mouth. She doesn't. The thought passes. She is unable to wait.  

Al is an intense man, he demands of her, greedily. He pulls her towards his lips. If she is honest, Izetta finds no hardship in being led. She nibbles his lower lip, feels his need strengthening beneath her in response. Al's broad arms encircle her shoulders. 

"Fuck Me." 

The words go unspoken, his eyes implore her. Within them, the golden flecks are burning.

She shuffles her hips. He's so strong and crafty that her upper-hand lasts only a few short strokes. Beneath her, he holds her gaze intently as his pole rubs within her. His thrusts remain shallow. She aches for a full stroke. One that will allow her to feel the exquisite pleasure he promises, from the depths of his impossibly lustful, golden-brown eyes. He controls their fucking with dexterous strength. Within seconds her world shatters, splintering into darkness that turns her limbs to molten liquid. 

She pants, her beautiful skin growing sticky from exertion. Al kisses her lips. Their bodies are still joined and Al continues to thrust. Izetta enjoys the uninhibited, messy intimacy. Her face is buried in his neck. She twists her hips towards him and rides the pumping thrusts. 

The way they play astounds Al. It's what she gives to him, that pleases him the most. Her body responds, his touch rouses her to fire and she so clearly revels in it. Izetta is a woman who appreciates the simplicity of lust. Gracefully, her beautiful body bucks and writhes. The honesty and intensity of her responses stuns him. There is no hint of manipulation. Her piercing, green gaze has the power to hold him and speak directly to his burgeoning love. He feels her pussy tighten around his ample cock and grits his teeth. He fears their fun will end.

Al's thighs relax. He lets her take her turn at directing their love-making. Izetta continues to ride him. She plies at his barrel chest, kneading his flesh in her ardor, with her head thrown back, exposing her sun-kissed neck. 

She sits up to meet his gaze and he releases his hand from cupping her buttocks. His thick digit glides between them. Each eager thrust of Izetta's hips brings her throbbing nub in contact with his hand. She bites her lips, to hold back a scream. Moments later, unable to stop herself, Izetta releases a guttural moan.

"Oh. GOD!"

Her pussy quivers, her inner walls milk his member. Al can't take the strain. Awash with the sounds of her release, he claims his own. Al spurts his seed into her slick passage and it sets her off once more. She half-squeals, half-moans. 

In the afterglow Izetta lies where it ended. Her breasts are pushed flat against him. Struggling to catch her breath, Izetta slides off his broad frame. Al provides a broad arm as her pillow, her flaccid arm rests across his chest. 

"We ought to go."

Her voice is still a pant between breaths.

Al's eyes are closed. A moment passes. He turns his head and trains his unusual gold-flecked eyes on her.

"I love you."

He kisses her warmly on her parted lips. Izetta can only gape at him. She tries to gather her wits. In silence, she moves to sprawl next to him, removing herself from his heat. She wills her breath back to it's normal.

"Izetta?"

"Shh." 

She rolls, planting a firm kiss on his full, lush lips. 

"We'll talk about this. Later."

Izetta gets up and begins to dress. Al too, sits up from the pallet and starts to assemble his clothes.