 Eyes closed, toes digging into the sheets beneath her, J felt her climax building. She relegated the sounds of the man's grunting to the background of her mind, so as not to be distracted from sensations in her own body: her taught stomach and rock-hard nipples; the cool air against her skin, soothing her even as it tantalized her; the grip her pussy had on the shaft, which was plunging into her faster and faster, with abandon, at the same time her clit was being stimulated. She was in that place where the climax is imminent, and the heat from her clit was threatening to drive her mad. It was coming... oh god, just a little longer, and she'd get the release she was craving...

And then, at just the right moment, she turned on the Lelo's vibrate mode.

"Oh fucking GOD!" she finally screamed, as she bathed the instrument with her juices. She rode her orgasm to its end, shuddering, legs bucking, until finally collapsing back onto the bed, spent, panting, and satiated. For a while. The man continued to grunt away, until she managed to gather the strength to pull the Lelo out, and then reach over to switch off her tablet, silencing Pornhub. It would be there when she needed it again.

Which, if she was being honest with herself, wouldn't be too long, because her toys were nowhere near as satisfying as a real person. God help her, she even missed the sensation of semen running down her breasts, as she'd just seen on the screen before closing it; any form of sexual contact would be welcome right now.

What she really needed was a case! If she didn't get some work soon, she'd end up dithering her entire life away masturbating to internet porn. Hell, she'd probably end up dehydrated if she wasn't careful. Speaking of which...

She got up from the bed and padded naked to the kitchen to find the Glenfiddich. True, alcohol wasn't going to help with dehydration - quite the opposite - but she was only kidding about that, and goddam it she needed a drink. She poured a couple of fingers of scotch into a clean glass, and leaned against the counter to sip. She was feeling looser after her orgasm - maybe she could keep her hands off herself for a couple of hours, this time - and it reinforced, for the hundredth time that week, the fact that her lithe, fit body was simply going to waste as she wiled away her time alone. She didn't have to chase down bad guys, or climb up buildings to snake into 3rd story windows; she didn't have to fight; she didn't even have to lift paperwork, let alone her gun.

In the months since she'd saved Dr. Ben Martin's life - from her own super-secret Agency! - she'd had to move quickly to stay a step ahead of the law, as well as to set herself up financially. Luckily, having just killed The Boss, she knew ahead of everyone else that the Agency was suddenly rudderless, and used that head start to embezzle a few million dollars from his private accounts into her own, before anyone else even knew he was missing. She'd managed to avoid detection on that one - if the cops had followed that particular money trail they would have known to suspect her in The Boss' murder - because she was one of the very few people in the world who even knew about those accounts in the first place. The cops hadn't gone searching for money they didn't know was missing.

Despite the fact that she had suddenly become independently wealthy, however, J herself was also left rudderless. The only job she'd had since university had been as a spy/agent/whatever at The Agency; what was she to do now? Life as an agent didn't exactly prepare one for other jobs. (Well... it did, actually, but not in a way that you could properly articulate on a resume...) So she decided to do the next best thing: she became a private detective.

She didn't advertise - she didn't want the authorities to know what she was doing, since she hadn't exactly gone through the legalities of getting an actual private eye license - but with the right word to the right people, she'd managed to get some work under the table, and was developing somewhat of a reputation.

Another decade or so, she thought to herself, and I'll be the Repairman Jack of Toronto...

The downside of doing things in such a secretive manner, unfortunately, was that she had to keep dealing with these dry spells, during which the boredom would start to creep in. She was living in a combination office and apartment - also not quite legal, but less worrisome than the other laws she was flouting - and, despite herself, was constantly keeping an ear open for the sound of a knock at the door, even as she was wringing orgasms out of her pussy on a regular basis.

She was disturbed out of her thoughts by the very thing she'd been waiting for: a knock at the door. She was about to go over and open it when she remembered that she was standing there naked, drink in hand, probably with masturbation hair. In short, she wasn't a model of professionalism and efficiency at the moment, more like a wino in the making.

"Just a second!" she yelled, rushing back to the bedroom.

A minute later she was in a summer dress, and her hair was... well, it wasn't good, but it was good enough.

"Sorry about that, come on in," she said, as she opened the door. "Have a seat."

The young woman who entered was not her typical client: young (maybe early 20s, maybe late teens), achingly beautiful, and obviously nervous about coming to see a not-so-legal private eye. There was an air of desperation about her, which only augmented her beauty. J could imagine any hetero man on the planet tripping over his own dick to give this girl whatever help she needed. She led the girl to a chair, in her living room cum office.

The first problem was going to be getting her to explain her problem, and by the looks of her, she was more likely to change her mind and bolt out of there than she was to open up. Luckily, being female, J had an advantage over her male colleagues: the girl would probably trust her much easier.

"Can I get you something to drink?" she asked, in her best soothing voice. "You look like you could use it."

"I... uh... sure," the girl responded, barely above a whisper, not even bothering to confirm what kind of drink J would be putting in her hand. J sized her up, and then decided to bring her more of what she herself was drinking: she came back with a couple of ice cubes in a tumbler, and the bottle of scotch. She poured the girl a couple of fingers, then topped up her own glass. She clinked the girl's glass and took a sip, but the girl knocked back her drink like it was nothing.

"Why don't I refresh that?" J said, with a smile, which elicited a smile from the girl as well.

Phew, J thought. Maybe she'll talk after all.

She leaned back in her chair, and continued with her soothing voice. "So what brought you here?" she asked.

"I think I'm in danger," the girl finally replied. "We all are!"

"We 'all' are?" J repeated.

The girl swigged back her second glass of scotch, and started to get herself under some semblance of control.

"No, sorry, I mean... 'kay, let me start at the beginning.

"I'm an escort. I work under the name Staci. I used to advertise on Craigslist, but then they got rid of that, so I went to Backpage, but they got rid of that, so it's been getting harder and harder to find and screen clients. So us girls have started to band together. We try to help each other out, if we can, since nobody else will. We have a WhatsApp group that we use to communicate. And, even though 'escorts' and 'street walkers' haven't always gotten along in the past, we've started to forge those bonds, lately, too.

"But over the last couple of months, I've started to notice girls disappearing from the group. They don't actually leave, they just go silent and stop posting. Maybe not so weird, girls leave this industry all the time, but some of the disappearances seem too sudden to me, and they're happening too frequently for it to be the usual turnover of working girls.

"And then, yesterday, I saw this."

She pulled her smartphone out of her bag, fiddled with it for a second, and then handed it to J. On the screen was a WhatsApp conversation, which Staci had scrolled to a particular message:

