 Jason sat in the back of his black 2004 Toyota Camry, kissing his girlfriend Jennifer softly on the lips. It was 11:00pm, and his car was situated innocently under a tree in the empty school parking lot. He looked into her eyes and smiled. 

"Baby, I love you," he whispered into Jennifer's ear. 

She smiled back at him, and replied "I love you too Jason," before kissing him passionately, sucking on his tongue slightly. 

Jason had been going out with Jennifer for about a year now. He was 19, a year older than Jennifer, but they were both still only seniors in high school. Jason wrestled for his high school, and had the typical muscular build for the sport. He was 5'8 and about 155 pounds, with short brown hair and brown eyes. Jennifer was a tennis player, around 5'4 and 125 pounds, with average sized breasts. She had curly brown hair, and a tight round ass to die for. They had both finished practice around an hour ago, and Jason was supposed to drive Jennifer back to her place.

As they kissed Jason's hands roamed up Jennifer's body, cupping her breasts. He lightly massaged them in his hands, and Jennifer let out a soft moan. Immediately, Jason could feel his cock begin to stiffen. He leaned in and sucked hard on Jennifer's neck, just where she liked it. She let out a gasp. 

Jennifer reached up and began to pull Jason's shirt over his head. When it was off, she threw it on the floor of his car and ran her hands over his defined abs. 

"God he's fucking sexy," she thought to herself. 

She felt a familiar tingling in her pussy at the thought of her muscular wrestler fucking her hard in the backseat of his car. She reached down and ran her hands up his thighs ever so gently, biting her lip and grinning mischievously at him. As Jason continued kissing her neck, Jennifer ran her hands lightly over the inside of her boyfriend's thighs, towards the now apparent bulge in his pants. Her hand crept further and further up his legs, until she could feel his hard package pressing through his jeans. She stroked his rock-hard cock up and down through the outside of the fabric, making Jason cease kissing her and grunt with pleasure.

Jennifer smiled at him and asked "You really want it tonight, don't you babe?" 

Jason responded by looking into her eyes and shaking his head up and down. Jennifer's hands slowly undid the button on his jeans. She reached through Jason's underwear and grabbed his 6" inch cock with her hand. She looked at him slyly and began to stroke it gently. Jason leaned back up against the door of the car and relaxed, grunting with pleasure. 

"I know how much you like it when I touch your big cock babe," Jennifer whispered in his ear. 

She knew it would drive him crazy if she started talking dirty to him. Her hand softly worked up and down his hard erection, slowly pumping it in a steady rhythm. She took her other hand, and lightly began to play with his balls, caressing them carefully. She could feel the pre-cum began to leak out of the tip of his member as she jacked him off, and knew he was starting to enjoy himself.

"Not so fast babe, calm down," she told him sternly, "We're just getting started." She stopped massaging his member, and Jason gasped in protest. 

"Babe!," he said to her in indignation. 

Jennifer looked at him sternly and replied "No." 

That was all it took to silence him. She held his cock in her hand, and locked eyes with him. She slowly lowered her head down towards his erection, but suddenly veered away. She softly sucked on the inside of his right thigh, and then his left, before kissing the base of his dick. She ran her tongue all the way up the length of his erection, before circling her tongue on the tip of his cock several times. Jason moaned and thrust upward, attempting to force his cock into her mouth, but Jennifer just smiled. 

"God you taste so fucking good," she told Jason, "You know I love taking your hard cock in my mouth and sucking you off just how you like it." 

She saw his dick twitch in excitement as she said this, and she could feel her pussy juices began to flow between her legs. She teased him in this manner for several minutes, licking his member up and down lightly, but refusing to lower her mouth down onto him.

Finally, she began to slowly lower her head down onto his cock, taking all of him deep into her mouth. She bobbed up and down on his erection, coating his member in saliva. Jason reached down and began to play with her hair, enjoying the sexy view of his girl sucking him off. He smiled to himself and grunted softly. He could feel the familiar sensation of pleasure rise up from the bottom of his dick, as Jennifer worked his cock with her experienced mouth. Her other hand reached down and lightly stroked the area between his balls and his anus with one finger. 

"Baby, you make me feel so fucking good," Jason gasped as Jennifer continued bobbing up and down on him. 

Jennifer could feel Jason's dick began to swell up in her mouth, and she knew he was about to come. She stopped suddenly and smiled at Jason. Jason frowned at her with his mouth open. 

"I need to get mine too before you finish," she said to him quietly.

She got up and laid her back against the car door opposite Jason. She slowly undid her pants and removed her belt, revealing a pair of black panties trimmed with white lace. Jason's eyes crept down to her panties, noticing the large wet spot steadily spreading on them. God, he loved how wet she got for him. He crawled over towards her and ran his hands up and down the outside of her panties, massaging her pussy lips through them. His hands ran up her thigh to her ass, and he gave it a firm squeeze. Then he slowly removed her panties and threw them on the ground, revealing her pretty little pink pussy. 

Jason kneeled down on the car floor, and lowered his head between his girlfriend's legs. He ran his tongue around the outside of her pussy lips, savoring her sexy scent and taste. He gave her several, slow, long licks upwards, before spreading her pussy apart with his mouth and searching for her clitoris. Jennifer's hands began to run through Jason's hair, as she allowed him to pleasure her most sensitive area. Jason's tongue explored her folds, until he found her sensitive little button. He began to slowly and rhythmically lick upwards on it. After a minute or two Jennifer began to softly moan, and her hips pressed gently up into his face. Her grip on his hair grew stronger, as her pleasure and lust increased. Jason noticed how wet she was getting, and his cock hardened further. 

"God, I'm so fucking horny," he thought to himself, "I need to finish this quick and get my dick inside of her." 

Jason took his left hand, and pushed one finger past the folds of Jennifer's pussy. She let out a gasp, and her hips shifted up hard towards his face. 

"That's it baby," Jason said, "You like it when I finger fuck your pussy don't you?"

As his finger pushed in and out of his girlfriend's cunt, he decided to turn it upwards and try to find her g-spot. He fingered fucked her and licked her clitoris gently for around ten minutes, before he noticed a certain change in Jennifer. Her breathing became heavier, and her moans louder. Her hips rotated upwards steadily into his face as she squirmed while Jason ate out her hot pussy. 

"God baby, don't stop," she told him breathlessly, "It feels so fucking good." 

She didn't know what was going on; normally Jason was terrible at giving her head. Jason heeded her warning, and kept rhythmically licking her cunt and fingering her. He could feel Jennifer get wetter and wetter, which only increased his own arousal as he enthusiastically licked her pussy. Before long, he felt her pussy clamp down on his finger. 

"What the fuck is happening?," he thought. 

Interested, he kept sliding his finger in and out of her in this same manner. 

"Oh fuck!," Jennifer yelled. 

Her pussy thrust into Jason's face, as she felt a warm stream of liquid leave her cunt. Her wet juices spurted out onto Jason's face, and he stopped startled. 

"Oh shit!," he stuttered, "I made you squirt."

Jennifer looked up at him in need, "Baby don't you dare fucking stop." 

Jason eagerly lowered himself down onto her again, and began to lick her clit and finger her in the same manner. Before too long, he could feel her pussy once again tighten onto his finger, as she squirted gently on him, coating his face in her juices. He chuckled to himself, and kept going, eager to see what would happen if he continued. Jennifer squirted softly several more times onto him, before her hips thrust violently into his face. 

Her pussy tightened around his fingers to a point where he couldn't even enter her anymore, as she screamed loudly, "Oh fuck yesssss!" 

Jason continued licking as Jennifer's pussy exploded onto him, coating him and his car in a powerful jet of her pussy juices. Jason stopped licking her pussy, and smiled at her gently. 

"Babe, I didn't know you could do that," he told her in amazement. 

"I didn't either!," she said back to him laughing, "God I feel fucking amazing!" 

Her eyes wandered down to her boyfriend's crotch and she noticed Jason's cock harder than ever. She looked him in the eyes and said, "Babe, I need you to fuck me. Hard."

Jason didn't need her to ask twice. He quickly climbed on top of her, staring deep into her eyes. He grabbed his dick and ran his head gently up and down her pussy lips, spreading them lightly. Jennifer moaned and rolled her hips up, eager to take his hard cock into her. 

Jason couldn't wait any longer, he slid his cock slowly into Jennifer, and she let out a satisfying gasp. Jennifer's hands grabbed his hips and attempted to slide his cock in and out of her cunt faster and faster. 

"Fuck me Jason! Make me your dirty little girl!," she moaned at him.

Jason lost it. He thrust into her harder and faster, grunting with satisfaction. He loved making her pussy his, fucking her hard and letting her know that she was his dirty girl. Jason stopped thrusting into her and grabbed Jennifer roughly, spinning her around. He pushed her head down into the car seat now soaked in her pussy juices, and forced her ass up. He slapped her tight round ass hard, and she let out a moan.

"Fuck me from behind," she moaned at him, "Teach your dirty little girl a lesson." 

Jason slapped her ass again, and then entered her sweet, wet, little pussy from behind. God, it felt so good when he fucked her like this. He admired the view of his cock sliding in and out of her wet folds, working her cunt just like she liked. He grabbed Jennifer's hair and pulled on it, making her arch back on his cock. He leaned in while fucking her and whispered in her ear, "Do you like being my dirty little girl?" She responded quickly, "I love being your fucking dirty little girl babe, I want to feel you come inside me!" 

Jason started thrusting harder and harder into her cunt, and Jennifer's moans became louder and louder. He grabbed her hips and pulled them into him as he thrust, letting her pussy take his cock deeper and deeper into her.

Before long, he could feel the pleasure rise up from the base of his dick. He fucked her hard, desperate to come in her sweet little pussy. 

"I'm going to come," he grunted at Jennifer. 

All Jennifer could do was moan, as she felt Jason's cock swell up inside of her wet pussy and unleash his seed. She could feel him spurting his semen inside of her again and again, and she fucking loved every second of it. Jason grunted and pulled out once he was finished, hugging Jennifer tightly into his chest. Jennifer curled up on top of him, and sighed in satisfaction. 

"That was fucking awesome babe," she told him softly. 

Jason just smiled at her. Tonight had been a good night, tomorrow would be even better. They gathered their cloths, and put them on quickly, before Jason jumped in the front seat of the car and hurried off to take her home.