 Jack and Sue were sitting at the kitchen table enjoying each other’s company and their morning coffee and the wonderful Minnesota weather, debating whether or not to go outside and enjoy the nice day or stay inside and do their favorite hobby: sex.

In their 50’s Jack and Sue enjoyed a very active sex life that seems to have increased since their marriage over 30 years ago. They both were in good shape morally, mentally, physically, and health-wise.

Sue was Canadian, 5’7”, 135 lbs., shoulder-length auburn hair, brown eyes, nice legs and ass, and big breasts which Jack liked.

Jack was Swedish, 6’4”, 190 lbs., gray hair, blue yes, overall slender, mustache, and a 7” cock which Sue liked.

“I was surfing on the internet while you went to town and I found an interesting article about nipple orgasm and some of the things you can do to stimulate them,” Jack said.

“Really,” Sue said. “You know I like nipple play. Did you learn anything?”

“Yes I did,” he said. “There are things I learned that I didn’t know.”

“Going to try them out on me?” Sue asked like it was an order.

“I’d like to go over to the park for some time to sit and meditate,” Said Jack.

“I’ll bring a blanket, food, and something to drink,” offered Sue.

“Sounds like a good plan,” said Jack.

A few minutes later they were ready to go, and Jack put the wine, crackers, and blanket in the trunk of the car and off they went to the local park a short distance from where they lived. Their older Volvo ran and looked well. They parked in the parking lot and headed off for a sunny but secluded part of the park.

After hiking for a few minutes they found an out of the way area, threw down the blanket along with wine and crackers. The temperature was in the 70’s with a partly clouded sky and little if any wind. The only noise came from the birds that were making the sounds they usually make.

Jack and Sue spread the blanket out, had a seat and opened the crackers, wine, and poured the Chablis into the glasses. Jack took a sip of wine, ate a cracker and lay down on the blanket, staring at the clouds and sky. Sue had other ideas.

“I feel like being naughty,” Sue volunteered, “Why don’t you try out some new ideas you read about to turn me on with nipple play?”

“Why did I think you wanted to do something about this?” said Jack, as he produced a bottle of baby oil from his back pocket. “One of the suggestions was to use this on the breasts and nipples, something we’ve already done before.”

“Did it talk about anything else?” she said.

“Yes it did and you’ll just have to wait to find out,” he said.

Jack pushed Sue down on the blanket and gave her a big hug and bit an ear lobe several times as well as licking her ear. Sue moaned as he did that and brought her hand to his cock, pushing on the mound lightly. Jack turned Sue’s head and did the same thing to the other lobe and ear making her moan even more.

Next Jack sat up and began to rub his hands on her belly stroking it gently but with purpose. He expanded his movement to her rib cages, both sides rubbing them sensuously. He switched back to her flat stomach which was hard from exercise and then back again to her rib cage feeling all the bones on her thin frame. He did this for several minutes before he moved two fingers underneath her t-shirt and rubbed only the cleavage area between her neck and stomach being careful not to touch her breasts. Sue had a good feeling over what he was doing and encouraged him to continue.

Jack switched back to her tummy, rib cages, and cleavage for another 5 minutes before he lifted her shirt up underneath her chin and in a circular motion began to massage her breasts and areola on both at the same time. Sue began to groan with pleasure as his delicate rotating motion felt so good to her. Jack continued moving his hands round and round lightly touching them. 

He finally gave them a very firm squeeze pressing hard on the breast flesh. He switched to touching only the areola on the outer edges, not the nipple or the breast.

Jack repeated the entire routine of massaging her body for another 5 minutes. By now Sue was beside herself with pleasure as Jack continued his touching and massaging.

Up next were the nipples which had become erect but needed further attention from Jack’s magic hands which made the 100’s of nerve endings alive. Jack squeezed and pushed each nipple watching it begin to rise in his hand.

Unable to stand the pleasure anymore Sue’s hand went into her shorts and her pussy to her clitoris to give her further stimulation. Between the nipple play and the clit, Sue was so horny she was going crazy with desire.

Jack didn’t stop but continued to pinch the nipple harder and harder bringing some pain but so much more pleasant to her. So far Jack had not yet put his mouth and lips to her breasts and nipples. His erotic touching was beginning to put her over the edge to a climax. 

Jack stepped his arousal a little as he took the nipples and first twisted them back and forth and then pulled on them raising the breast with his tugging. Between the clitoris massaging and the nipple play, Sue was ready to have an orgasm. Her hips began to buck.

“I’m going to cum hard Tom. Real hard,” she said. “Baby you’re turning me on so much. Your hands are incredible. Play with my nipples more, please.”

Tom stopped his pinching, pulling, and twisting to nibbling/sucking on the nipples and areolas and bumps sent her over the edge. She let out a series of yelps cumming over and over again. Her fingers were so wet that the juice was dripping off her fingers she was so wet with her juices.

Tom continued to nibble/suck on her aroused nipples making them even more sensitive. The nipples were now like ice picks they were so elongated and hard. Jack had never seen them so long before. All of a sudden Jack heard someone coming by and he pulled Sue’s shirt down and he turned over on his stomach to hide his erection.

It was a young couple that came so far and then turned around and left waving at them.

“That was a close one Sue,” he said.

“Sure was Jack,” she said.

“Where were we,” he said

“You were sucking and biting my nipples,” she said.

She pulled up her shirt revealing her breasts and huge erect wet nipples. Tom turned over and began sucking and biting on her nipples again as well as licking the areolas and the bumps. They were wet with saliva and aching to be sucked on. Sue was going to cum again. The attention she was getting way more than Jack had ever done to her before and she loved it, pushing first one breast and then the other into his waiting mouth to suck on more and make the nipple even more erect.

Her hand went back to her clit and she began rubbing it harder and harder. Like her nipples, her clit was puffy and swollen, sensitive to the touch.

Jack’s cock was wet from the precum and erect to the point where he wanted to free it from his shorts but he was more concerned with Sue at this point. She would take care of him later.

Jack went back to her swollen nipples and licked the areolas with the rough part of his tongue making her ache for his lips on her engorged nipples now twice the size of a pencil eraser, that large now. Jack was afraid to bite down on the nipples for fear of pushing her over the edge.

“Bite my nipples please; I beg you,” she screamed, “Bite them hard for me. Drive me out of my mind with lust.”

In spite of what he thought Jack bit down on one of the nipples sending her into an electric shockwave like feeling that made her body quiver. He let go of one nipple and bit the other one with the same result. He had never experienced her being so horny before. She screamed in bliss over and over again. It was incredible what she was going thru.

Jack still wasn’t done as he continued to bite and suck on the entire nipple and the surrounding flesh of her breast.

Sue collapsed in ecstasy as she had her fill with foreplay, cum, foreplay, and cum. It was an orgasm that couldn’t be duplicated again. Or could it?

After they recovered from the nipple orgasm Sue looked at Jack and decided to take care of him as only she knew how to do. 

“It’s your turn now honey,” she said, “I want you to fuck my big tits and cum all over them. Would you like to do that to me?”

“I love doing that to you,” he said, “I love your titties so much.”

“I want you to cum all over me,” she said, “Paint those titties with hot cum.”

“I will spray your titties with a lot of cum. I am so horny right now from our nipple orgasm.”

“I know you are so horny baby. You did such a good job on the nipple orgasm. I had such great orgasms I feel like I owe you 10 titty fucks,” she remarked.

With Jack already hard Sue looked around and made sure no one was around before undoing Jack’s shorts and taking his cock out and putting it in her mouth to give it saliva for lubrication for her cleavage.

Jack put his cock in her cleavage, which was tight because Sue had pushed them together holding her hands on her tits, with her hands on the sides of her breasts. Her breasts stuck straight like snow cones with her nipples still erect from the earlier orgasm.

Sue positioned herself in such a way as to give maximum placement of her breasts on his cock, giving him more pleasure.

Jack began the back and forth motion of the titty fucking pleasure. Sue licked the head as the head o the cock left the confines of the breast flesh heading toward her neck. She licked to give him even more delight in the manner she was accustomed to doing for Jack. She had done this many times before and wanted this time to be very special. She tightened her cleavage even more to give him more friction, making it feel better.

Jack took his cock out of the cleavage and began to rub it on her nipples and her breasts. He put it on the underside of the titties to feel the weight of each breast and continues to keep it buried in the flesh.

Jack slapped his cock on each breast going back and forth several times before holding his hand on the head and concentrating on arousing the already aroused nipple. He liked the feeling that the hard erect nipple had on his cock. Sue was beginning to feel her pussy stirring again, hard to believe considering the large orgasm she just had.

She pressed her titties together as he put his cock back into her cleavage, spitting on his rod to give more lubrication to the fucking. It slid nice and smooth back and forth getting harder and even a little bit longer. The head was now very sensitive feeling any movement from the fucking he was getting. The vein was very prominent and hard indicating that the engorged cock was getting ready to explode cum all over her beautiful tits.

Jack held back a little bit longer trying to get maximum pleasure from the titty fucking Sue was giving him. He increased the speed of his back and forth motion teasing the head into cumming out ropes of cum. Jack had taken the cock out of her cleavage and sprayed her breasts like a garden hose covering the tops, nipples, and cleavage. He watched cum as it dripped down off her breasts and nipples. She was covered in white and clear semen, a mess.

Jack saw someone coming again and quickly pulled Sue’s shirt down and putting his cock back into his shorts. He hugged her not making eye contact with the two boys who were approaching them.

As the boys saw them embracing they seem to have lost interest and turned away from them.

Jack and Sue got together their things and headed back toward the car. They drove the Volvo straight home. After they got home they still were not done with their sexual activity and hopped into the shower for a little more massaging.

Jack had so much fun in carefully putting the bubbly the body shampoo all over her big breasts, covering them in foam. He washed her flat tummy and of course her pussy inside and out. He got on his knees and washed her legs and feet. He turned her around and washed her back and buttocks, then rinsed her off.

Sue did the same thing to Jack except she spent extra time washing and massaging his cock for the next fucking. She also took the time to wash his hair scrubbing the scalp with her fingers. She rinsed him off, turned the shower off and they both dried each other off, and put fresh clothes on.

Today went down as being one of the best days they ever had sexually and they looked forward to repeating it over and over.