 By EgmontOriginals ©

It would be unfair to label Jack Edgewood an insensitive man. He really wasn't the pathological seducer of women as alleged by some ruffled females left in his wake. 

If any woman ripe for the plucking placed herself in front or even at the side of Jack, he simply banged her as many times and in as many ways as she preferred... within reason. 

Many guys would be envious of Jack's high strike rate without being aware of the downsides. It can be very expensive seducing up to five different women a week during summer as they invariably required to be taken somewhere first to be fed, sometimes lavishly. 

A coke and pizza was sufficient for some but other women were money-grubbers and failed to pay for the meal in acknowledgement Jack was providing them without charge a service they couldn't go without for long without becoming prematurely old and wrinkly. 

Sex, as everyone knows, lubricates the body and refreshes the mind.

Interacting sexually with so many women left Jack unpopular with some of them so repeat visits were often unlikely and made it almost impossible to keep friends because those he fucked tended to feel discarded. 

Peak activity also left him perpetually tired. He couldn't get out at lot to enjoy summer and in winter when the sex drive of women dipped somewhat and he might slump to as few as two strikes a week. Some of his lucky satisfied women would insist on Jack taking them home and that meant at times he had to cope with ice, snow floodwaters, high winds and even electrical storms.

Eventually, even Jack was hit by lack of knowledge when afflicted by the worst downside of all (well perhaps on a par of having an irate husband pointing a shotgun at Jack's dick). 

He'd recently turned thirty-five and one winter's morn with a howling wind-drive storm coming in off the sea, Jack awoke alone in his bed and shuddered in horror. 

His customary proud and warm morning erection lay flaccid and telegraphing the impression it was lifeless.

Jack broke into a sweat despite the chilly air and thought perhaps he was sick but no obvious symptoms were evident. 

A morning erection of course is a beautiful sight for most men; it signals all's right with the world and they reach to handled it in an intimate relationship unless beside them is a female licking her lips before engaging as all women are naturally programmed to do (whether they know than or not).

Some guys quite seriously regarded their morning erection as the Ninth Wonder of the Modern World while insatiable women might even believe it rates as equal second place of the nine wonders. 

"Come on pal," Jack urging, worry lines appearing on his forehead and he flicked his blond fringe impatiently attempting to encourage his dick to rise majestically. 

"Come on up, up and away."

It lay unmoved, as flaccid as an unappetizing piece of anemic meat. 

"Come on pal please. I'll vary your diet say with a young dancing lass from Ireland or a Jamaican mamma here on tourism promotion with thick juicy lips and incredible suction."

Nothing... it lay motionless like a beached whale er large herring.

Then the horrible truth struck. 

Jack knew he'd either used his allotted fucks for his lifetime or he was suffering overuse syndrome.

Jack attempted to get an appointment with a healthcare provider at the big clinic he usually went to. It was four days before he managed to get an appointment with a male doctor.

In typical fashion the physician conducted the process step-by-step because that meant more visit and therefore more fees.

First the medic identified the affliction as male erectile dysfunction (ED). 

Then followed the questionnaire with discussion on the responses sending more clicks at one minute intervals to the medic's time clock. 

The physician said he found it difficult to believe that any guy other than a male prostitute could have so much sex as Jack claimed he had in an average week. 

Clearly Jack was deemed to be an irresponsible liar.

Session two was used to outline the possible causes and possible risks and Jack went home from that in rather a daze. He couldn't believe he was facing such hazards simply by fucking women who wished to be fucked. God he'd been so ignorant, until now he'd conserved irate partners with knives, axes or shotguns or STDs were the only hazards.

Session three covered possible emotional trauma. Jack confessed he didn't get emotional with women and the physician shook his head sadly.

The next few sessions dealt with verbal probes about such things as stress, depression and tests for such things as atherosclerosis, high blood pressure, high cholesterol and incredibly, multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease.

This was making Jack very, very nervous.

On the next session when discussing possibly treatments the physician scratched his own groin and said it may be necessary to implant into Jack an inflatable prosthesis into the penis.

Jack fled the clinic and disappeared on vacation to try to recover from the stress, depression and huge dent in his confidence that idiotic doctor had given him. 

Jack worked as a researcher on the migratory job habits of females within the workforce and being employed by the government meant he could take leave any time he wished. However his salary would not be paid after the first week away and he could not be away for more than three months if he wished his job to be kept open for him. 

Of course if he lost his job he could apply for another position on promotion because that's how government employment operates.

Ireland was Jack's first choice of destination but then he remembered that like Spain, France and Italy, women in Ireland tended to fuck anything that moved and in his present condition with ED that would be a huge embarrassment for him and some of those frustrated fiery Irish bitches would beat him up if he went there and frustrated them.

He said to his travel agent, "Melba can you send me to an uninhabited island."

"Sorry, with no Customs and Immigration facilities those places are a no-go," said the forty-year old.

"Well what about some isolated place where no women would bother me."

"What about an island not too remote from Tahiti?"

"What about it?"

"My sister runs a guest house there for people recovered from alcohol addiction who wish to have peace and quiet away from the sanitariums that reputably fail to treat the root to ensure their stream of fees remains pumped to maximum."

Jack said to the travel agent, "So the inhabitants are not running around with the DTs?"

"Not at all, not all of them."

"Eh?"

She said hastily those afflicted people are even offered alcohol but inevitably decline it."

"How much does the accommodation cost?"

"Glenda charges $150 American per night, all found, so only wealthy ex-drunks lay on the beaches in front of the guesthouse that is located up a high slope where it is cooler at nights. Also it is well above the accepted level to be out of reach of any tsunami."

"Okay, ticket me and book me in at the resort for thirty nights."

"Certainly."

"What's your sister like?"

"A little like me."

That told him little of value.

* * * 

The seaplane landed in the lagoon and dropped Jack and some supplies on to a pontoon. The pilot said, "A boat is coming out now. See you in a month buddy. Don't drink too much."

A balding guy in a white shirt showing a hairy chest and wearing dirty white pants and without footwear waved and yelled as he cut the motor, "Mr Edgewood?"

"Yeah, call me Jack."

"I'm Martin Platt, I'm Melba's brother-in-law. Welcome to Paradise."

Ah so the wife must be Melba's older sister. 

Something bit Jack on the neck and he slapped it and thought Paradise, oh yeah. He saw a fin cut through the water and then disappear.

"Are there sharks in this lagoon?"

"Only a few reef sharks although occasionally a real predator makes it appearance."

"Oh paradise."

Martin grinned. 

"There are usually gone when the tide begins to ebb which is when we swim in the lagoon. There is a big pool up at the Manor House."

"The what?"

"Oh sorry, I forgot you are American. I'm Lord Platt and I own almost all the southern half of this island and it's my estate. I had a house built that is stately enough to be called a Manor house."

Jack caught the bow rope and tied it to a bollard while Martin looped the stern rope over a bollard and drew in the slack.

The guest then handed over the boxes of provisions and a sack of mail.

"Cast off the bow rope and toss it aboard and then step into the cockpit."

Martin watched Jack and said, "You are used to boats."

"Yeah I've messed around in them."

Martin already had two gins poured on to ice. He went to pour what Jack thought was soda and Jack asked for water.

"Take the tonic. The drink is what we call G&T. The tonic has quinine in it that keeps mosquitoes away from biting the drinker."

tonic please."

"Jack just a quite word. My wife's name is Glenda. She might be tempted to make a hit on you. Just do what she wants and I won't mind. In fact I'd welcome you being kind to her because she sometimes finds this isolation gets her down."

"Anything to assist a lady," Jack smiled, having no intention of telling anyone he was out of action with ED.

A beautiful and well-shaped woman in a long white dress and white sun hat was waiting on the jetty for them to arrive. As they got very close Jack got quite a shock. She was only about thirty. He wiped away a spec of drool and then was seized by sadness at the thought of his 'condition'.

The mid-morning breeze just arriving from behind them puffed at the woman's dress, flattening against her body. 

Inwardly Jack wept.

"Go forward and throw the bow rope to Iona," called Lord of Paradise or whatever his official title was.

"Thank you kind sir," the honey-voiced beauty said. "Welcome to our island Jack Edgewood."

At that Jack grabbed the handrail to support himself, experiencing for the first time since feeling the need for his mother as an infant and then a child, the flow of real emotion for a woman. 

This woman appeared to be the dream woman he'd often thought about during his philandering life. It was tragic of course that she'd be someone else's woman but that had to be the way of things, didn't it? Perfect woman by nature of their rarity were always snapped up by someone else. The male ego had prevented Jack to complete the equation that perfect women might look to link with perfect men.

He shook his head to clear those thoughts. 

"Thanks for the welcome. May I call you Glenda?"

"Please don't as that would be confusing," said the Englishwoman. "Glenda is my stepmother. Please call me Iona."

Jack was unaware of being studied intently.

Martin was puffing from the exertion of taking the cartons of supplies handed up by Jack and loaded on to the gas-fueled golf kart.

Waving Martin drove off.

"That's the only vehicle on the estate that is operational," Iona observed. "Are you mechanical-minded?"

"Yes."

"And handy at repairing buildings and keeping generators running?"

"Handy at home repairs and assembling things and making things work but would have to learn about maintenance to power generators."

"That is what I wanted to hear," Iona said with interest but Jack didn't ponder on that remark. 

He was looking at a couple less than fifty yards away nude and having sex on the long grass they had flattened. The woman was on top and her old tits were flapping about. She looked plus-50. Jack had not been aware women that old still had sex, although he never thought about it. The sight of that couple made him feel uncomfortable, but only because he was unable to function in that manner.

"Oh don't worry about that," Iona said, smiling at the couple. "Our residents are here to begin rebuilding their lives after hopefully escaping the grip of alcohol addiction and we believe allowing them to have casual sex whenever the mood takes them and wherever they are is therapeutic progress for them if it's carried out happily and without inflicting any post-sex upset." 

Jack thinking the capital 'P' had come back into this version of paradise couldn't help hoping Iona and perhaps her stepmother might have the touch to restore his erection. 

The short walk had taken them from the beachfront into a palm grove and they came out of that to see a mansion farther up the hill."

"Good gracious, how many bedrooms does it have?"

Glenda smiled. "We have capacity for forty-eight guests."

"And staff."

"No we don't have staff. This is totally a self-support community. I live separately from Martin and Glenda and have my own kitchen and dining room but otherwise we do everything else with the community, such as being on laundry roster, grass mowing roster, window cleaning roster and the like. You will of course be living with us in management."

"But why?"

"I shall tell you more as time goes by Jack. It's suffice to say that you are to live with Martin and Glenda. Martin's sexual interest is waning and Glenda's sister sent you here to satisfy my stepmother unfulfilled sexual needs."

"But won't Martin mind?"

"Actually it was his idea."

Jack said sadly, "There is something I must tell you Iona."

"That you have a temporary setback with erectile dysfunction?"

"Er yes."

Melba wrote explaining you were worried about a lapse in generating erections that but that's no problem. You'll get your ability to have mighty erections again living in this environment Jack."

"Really?"

"Yes. And I take it there's nothing wrong with you fingers, toes and tongue?"

"Yes and those extensions are in top shape I'd say."

"Well Martin does even bother with those things these days. When he feels the urge he's straight in and bangs away until he experiences satisfaction and he'd ready for sleep. At first Glenda was worried and wrote to Melba sought advice and assured her sister most older women say their husbands get erectile blips or are like that all the time."

"Toes?"

"Yes Martin is good with them when he bothers. Glenda told me on the occasions when it happens she found it incredibly romantic sipping a gin on the balcony of their apartment watching the sunset with Jack facing her a little distance away looking at me, smiling, with some toes inside Glenda's pussy and churning it, preparing for sex."

Jack looked away and swallowed. Unfortunately his cock continued to hang like a miniature Italian sausage skin.

"Oh Jack, we have some younger female guests, the youngest being eighteen so you may be persuaded to, er, fiddle. Glenda and I won't be jealous. It's how a community should operate."

There were three bedrooms in the stark white and basically furnished apartment and he was shown the guestroom. 

Jack found Glenda to be friendly but rather laid-back. 

Iona said Jack understood why he was in the management part of the manor and had no objection to attempting to do his best to satisfy Glenda when she required servicing,

Iona left and Glenda explained, "Your room is between my bedroom and the bedroom Martin now prefers. You may hear us when he comes to me but when I require your touch I'll come to you room and he'll not be upset about that."

"You will notice few signs of luxury here. The tropical climate is very harsh on fine fabrics and furnishings and borer things attack wood furniture so we use chrome, plastics, aluminum and stainless steel extensively."

"It's fine, much better than some hotel rooms I've inhabited."

"Kiss me darling."

Jack kissed her.

Glenda pulled away. 

"Kiss me more softly Jack and with real feeling, concentrating your mind totally on what you are doing. Regard each kiss as a precursor to the total friendly invasion of a body. That first kiss was as if you wished to dominate me. That is not what great sex is about."

"But I can't..."

"If you continue thinking negatively like that Jack you may never get another erection without medication or having a device..." 

Fortunately she stopped right there and Jack's rising terror subsided just as quickly as it had arrived.

That evening the Platt's had dinner in 'The Grand Hall' for the purpose of introducing Jack Edgewood. 

Martin explained to everyone Jack had been hired as Glenda's personal assistant and would live with them in their apartment. There was polite applause and during dinner some people came to the Platt's table to exchange a few welcoming words with Jack. 

Sometime during the night Jack heard Glenda pad into his room He heard the rustle as slipped out of her nightdress and got into bed beside him. They kissed, softly at first but slowly built up pressure.

"This is therapy for you Jack. I ask that you remain relaxed and lower your expectations."

Glenda was fine-boned but her chest carried two well-defined and reasonably large and firm breasts. That was a welcome discovery for Jack and he licked and sucked them with Glenda running a hand through his hair and making encouraging noises.

But a big surprise awaited him... he had no trouble getting all four fingers side-by-side into Glenda's very wet cunt.

Shy writhed and said lovely.

"So you're sure I'll get my erections back."

"Definitely."

Jack got Glenda off big time and she slept the night with him and at dawn he felt her leave the bed. Normally he would have shafted her at dawn. Perhaps she was returning to her bed to be there for Martin if he were an occasional dawn raider.

A week later after during the night having an intriguing time getting his big toe anally into Glenda, Jack awoke and froze.

With his face etched in disbelief he looked down and saw the top sheet was prominently tented in exactly the right place.

Disbelief turned into a fat smile and he wrapped a hand arounds his erect dick and said huskily, "Welcome back my true friend; I've missed you desperately."

Jack had breakfast with Glenda. Martin had eaten earlier and had gone out with some of the men to capture a couple of wild pigs for roasting and freezing chops for the barbecue.

Glenda broke into a huge smile when Jack, a little embarrassed, told her about his wonderful find at dawn that morning.

"Omigod Jack, how wonderful."

She pulled down his shorts and her smile broadened as his dick lengthened in her hand.

Glenda then pulled off her shorts and backed in against Jack for him to take her from behind.

There was cum everywhere but Glenda didn't mind.

Leave your shorts here for the wash Jack and go and shower.

He returned and happy and Glenda said, "I hope I'm not rushing this Jack but I told Iona and she's on her bed with her legs wide open waiting for you and said to come urgently.

Jack the man walked off with a swagger.

Iona had made herself wet with her fingers. Jack leaped at her without foreplay and his dick disappeared like a train speeding into a tunnel.

"Omigod Jack," was all that Iona could manage as she was pounded manfully.

Thereafter she coached Jack on some the niceties that any guy fucking a woman needed to generate their mutual delight.

The females decided Jack should attend to Glenda in the mornings and Iona after midday. Two days later he moved in with Iona but still visited Glenda whenever she was ready for him.

At the end of Jack's second week on the island, which Jack having fixed two wonky air-conditioning units and replaced the oil filters on the two generators that then worked perfectly under load, got two outboard motors running again and thoroughly cleaned the rainwater filtration and storage system and got two disabled vehicles back into operation again, Martin understandably regarded Jack as being indispensable.

Jack was placed on the payroll and Martin took Jack and his papers to the mainland and secured a two-year work permit for Jack who was named in the permit application as 'maintenance engineer'.
