 This story is irreverent and may offend some of you. Apologies in advance. To the rest of you, I have a few other parts following. Stay tuned.

*****

I'm the luckiest man in the world. I have a wonderful life, doing work that is fulfilling and making a real difference in people's lives. I'm the pastor of a smallish church in a midwestern city. I'm not married, no kids, so my work is my life. 

The amazing thing about being a pastor is that people share their lives, their most intimate thoughts and feelings with me, trusting me to guide them in the right direction, towards salvation and peace. I'm happy to help, but I have to admit that my methods are not always traditional. My church is independent from any denomination, so I have some latitude on what I teach, both from the pulpit and in counseling with my flock.

Which leads me to my story. One of the things that I require from people who want to marry is that we have several sessions of pre-marital counseling. I want to help them to understand what they are getting into, so we talk about communication, finances, etc. It's true that I'm not married but I've worked with enough struggling couples to know some of the pitfalls that engaged couples need to talk about before they wed. I would much rather call off an engagement than to have to deal with a bad marriage when I know that I can help them. 

When it comes to sex, however, I prefer to meet with the two people individually, so that I can keep them from an embarrassing situation. I want them to be able to talk about issues without worrying about what their future spouse is thinking. If the man is in into panties and corsets, then I would rather not him tell me while his future wife is sitting there. It just makes life easier. You might think that I'm kidding but I've had some really weird shit come out during these sessions. Ah, but that's a story for another time. I'll just say that I'm not shocked by anything anymore.

I guess I should tell you a little bit about myself. I'm in my late forties, but I work very hard to stay in shape. I'm 6-2, about 190 pounds. I keep my weight in control by swimming and biking. I'm strong but not muscle bound. And I keep my stomach tight so that I look good in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Oh, and my cock is a nice cut 7 inches. Big enough to impress but not freakish. People always want to know about a guy's cock. 

Tonight, I'm going to meet with a man who is hoping to marry soon. Tim and Carrie are a very cute couple, both in their early twenties. Carrie is fucking beautiful, to be honest. She wears dresses most of the time, as do most of the women in our church. It's not a sin for a woman to wear pants but it's become an understanding that God smiles down on feminine women. By the way, we also expect our young people to be virgins when they marry. I know that's not realistic in this day and age, but I think it's good to hold that standard so that they limit their sexual activities prior to marriage. They can fuck like rabbits after the wedding, but they should keep themselves pure before the wedding. 

Carrie has a body that makes men weep with joy. She's petite, maybe 5-2, 110 pounds, but full of energy. The room lights up when she enters. Long blonde hair, gorgeous blue eyes, and tits that sit high and proud on her chest. And her legs aren't long but they are perfectly shaped. Toned and firm and smooth as silk. She's virginal but you can just tell that she's a wild fuck when she gets you in bed. 

Carrie plays piano sometimes in church, and it's erotic to watch her play. She makes love to the keys, like she is teasing them into an orgasmic event. By the time she finishes, I swear most of the men in the congregation will have hardons from just watching her work. And maybe most of the women are wet, who knows. No one is immune from her sexual energy. 

But away from the piano, she seems like the perfect little virgin. Daddy's little girl, sweet and innocent. Watching her, you would imagine that she never even thinks about sex. But God that piano playing is so fucking hot. It's like she has a vibrator on the bench, and she's just riding it while we watch. I've never seen anything like it.

Tim is the perfect complement to her. He's tall and handsome, with blue eyes and short brown hair. High school quarterback for the conference champions, scholarship to a small Christian college. Tim, honestly, looks like a younger version of me. My size, my body shape. But we aren't related, not at all. It's just a weird coincidence. I've always had a special place in my heart for both of them.

If men lust after Carrie, I'm sure their wives fantasize about having Tim in between their legs, pounding away at them while their husbands are at work. Tim looks like the kind of guy that has everything going for him in this world, and marrying Carrie is just part of that whole package. She was the head cheerleader for their high school and they were high school sweethearts. They are heading into their last year of college and want to get married before they start their senior years. 

However, Tim is not the smartest guy you will ever meet. Oh, he has a great personality and I'm sure he will be a top-notch salesman when he graduates, but you wouldn't ask him to write a speech for you, that's for sure. Still, I love him and hope that the two of them are insanely happy and have lots of perfect little children. 

When I do these one-on-one sessions, I probe into their sexual activities and try to find out if they have any potential issues that I need to help them through. When Tim comes in, I give a hug and invite him to sit down on the couch next to my chair. I offer him a drink (which he declines) and we start chatting.

I dive right in. "Tim, you and Carrie have been dating for quite some time. I'm sure that you two have engaged in some sexual activities. How far have you gone with her? Have you had sexual intercourse with her?"

Tim blushes. "No sir! We are both virgins and plan to stay that way until we are married!" 

"So, what have you done? Have you seen her naked?"

"Naked? No sir. Not completely naked."

"Have you seen her naked breasts?"

He blushed again, "Well, yes." I respond, "And you have fondled and suckled on her breasts?"

He nods, slowly. "Yes sir, we have sinned in that way."

"Have you seen her feminine parts? Has she ever removed her panties in your presence?"

He nods, slowly. Head down, embarrassed.

"And have you touched her there? Have you brought her to orgasm with your hands?"

"No, I've never brought her to orgasm. But yes, I've touched her pu, I mean her vagina."

"And has she seen you naked? Has she ever brought you to orgasm?"

He is blushing fiercely. "Yes, sir, pastor. She has given me orgasms from time to time."

"With her hands, or did she use her mouth as well?" 

"She has done both, pastor. I'm so ashamed that I'm so weak, but yes, I've had orgasms from her mouth and hands." 

"So have you both been naked together? Have your intimate parts touched together at all?"

"No, pastor, we have never been naked together. She always makes me leave her panties on. I've only touched her inside her panties." 

"Tell me, Tim. What kind of panties does she wear? Are they cotton or what? A thong?"

"Pastor, what does that have to do with my sins?"

"Tim, you are dangerously close to not having a church wedding. You need to answer my questions."

"Oh God, Pastor! Carrie would be humiliated if you didn't let us have our wedding in the church! Everyone would know that we have defiled ourselves! You can't do that to her! Please! I'll do anything but please don't take that church wedding away from her!"

I reach over and grab his knee, reassuring him. "Just answer my questions, Tim. I'm sure we can make everything right with you and the church. But what kind of panties does she wear? Are they big granny panties? Are they tight against her mound? White? Black? What does she wear?" I think my desire was starting to come through, but Tim was too nervous to notice.

"They are usually tight, not cotton, I don't think. Stretchier than cotton, tight against her, her body. Usually they are white or light blue or something. Not black. And no thongs. She wears modest panties, pastor. She is no slut!"

I laughed. "I never said she was a slut, Tim. I just asked about her panties so that I can get a better idea of the kind of woman that you are marrying. So, do her panties come all the way up on her hips, or are they lower? Like hugging her hips?" Tim nodded. 

"Ok, Tim, thank you. I appreciate your honesty. You're doing great. Is there anything else that you two have done that I should know about?" He shook his head vigorously. I guessed that he other things but I decided to let it go. 

I went over and sat beside him, then reached over and pulled him nearer to me. He continued to sob. "Tim, it's ok, really. This can all be forgiven in the eyes of the church. it's just that, well, it requires some special absolution."

Tim, his eyes red with tears, looked up at me. "Really? We can still get married in the church? Carrie can still have her church wedding?"

"Of course she can. But I'm going to have do some special counseling for both of you. Do you agree to follow my instructions, and to not speak of this to anyone, including Carrie?"

"Yes Pastor! I will do anything to help Carrie have her church wedding!" 

"Perfect. Well, that's all for now, Tim, but remember counseling is strictly confidential. No talking to Carrie about anything tonight. You don't want her to be embarrassed by our conversation, do you?"

"No, I won't tell her anything. I know that you are meeting her soon, but I'll let you work it out. Thanks Pastor!" He quickly got up, waved, and left. He probably wanted to keep me from asking any more questions.

Chapter 2 

The next evening was my session with Carrie. I fully planned to use my information to get that girl in my arms. Or at least sucking me off. I had a plan, and I was sure that it would work.

Carrie came promptly at 6:30. She was that kind of person, punctual and prepared. Where Tim was a little slow, Carrie was quite intelligent, but she was very naive. She had lived such a sheltered life that she would be unlikely to think that I would try to do anything that was wrong with her. I'm her pastor, after all. I want the very best for her!

When I opened the door on that beautiful early summer evening, I saw a goddess at my door. Carrie was wearing a simple little yellow sundress with a cute floral pattern, and a little white sweater that hung on her shoulders. For modesty, I assumed.

I invited her in to my living room. I had done Tim's counseling at my office, but I decided that it would be more appropriate to have Carrie come to the parsonage. It just seemed more intimate and safe for her. I asked her if she wanted a drink, which she declined. I led her into the living room and she sat on the couch, and I sat in the chair next to her. 

I was less formal than usual, wearing black jeans and a tight white t-shirt that showed off my physique better than a suit would. I wanted her to see a man tonight, but a safe man, a man who would protect her from the evils of the world.

"Thanks for coming, Carrie. I'm glad you could come over here. I hope it was no trouble for you."

She smiled, nervously. "No, no pastor, it's fine. I'm just glad to be getting this counseling finished so that we can get married. What happened with Tim last night? He wouldn't tell me at all!"

I returned the smile. "No, I asked him to keep our conversation confidential because he spoke of some things that might have been embarrassing for you. I wouldn't want you to be embarrasssed. But Tim did mention that you have had some sexual experiences. I'd like to know about it, if you don't mind."

She blushed. "I can't believe he told you about that! It was only one time! Tim and I were broken up! I only dated the boy once!"

Pardon me? Carrie had just gone off script. What's this about another boy? This might be better than I imagined! I need to get her to tell me about it, but I don't want her to think that I don't know about it all.

"Carrie, why don't you just tell me in your own words? What happened with this boy?"

Her cheeks were bright red, and she was clearly uncomfortable. "Pastor, I told you, it was only one date, and he got me drunk and, well, I was mad at Tim for breaking up, and well, we, you know, did it!" 

So the perfect little virgin isn't a virgin at all? Hm, this is about to get fun!

"Did he rape you? Did you fight him off? And how far did you really go? Did you have intercourse with that boy?"

"No, it wasn't rape. I was a little drunk, my defenses were down and I let him go too far. Before I knew it, I was naked on the backseat and he was about to shove his, um, penis into me!"

"And did he?"

"Yes, and it hurt like hel, crazy! I wanted him to stop but he, um, ejaculated after just a couple of seconds! I was so worried that I would get pregnant! Oh God, I'm so embarrassed! You will never let me get married in the church! I'm such a slut!"

She was almost starting to cry, so I got up and grabbed some tissues and sat down next to her, giving the tissues to her. While she composed herself again, I took her hand and held it in mine, dangerously close to my thickening cock. I needed to tread lightly here or I would lose her. No guilt at this point. 

"Carrie, it's fine, we can work this out. You said it was only one date. You only had intercourse with him that one time? Have you had intercourse with Tim?"

"Only once. I was so mad at him that I never saw him again. I ran back to Tim and begged him to forgive me. Tim was so kind. No, Tim and I have never had intercourse. I told him that we had to wait."

"Good for you, dear one. Your patience will be rewarded. I'm so sorry that your first experience was so bad. It's one of the reasons that we want our children to wait until marriage. Intercourse should be a wonderful experience and not something done in the back seat of his parent's car!" I was almost shouting, and I needed to calm it down. "Did he cause you to orgasm?"

"No, no, nothing like that. Well, his, um, penis was not very big and, well, I hardly felt anything except pain."

"Other than this boy, have you had sexual relations with anyone else? Not just intercourse, but any kind of sexual interactions?"

"Well, if Tim told you about Alan, then I'm sure he told you about what he and I do. But I have never been naked with Tim, and we have not had intercourse. I want to wait until our wedding bed."

"Yes, Tim told me about some of the things that you do together, but I want to hear from you. So you say that this boy's penis was small, is Tim's penis bigger?"

She started blushing again. "Yes, a little bigger. Not scary big or anything but I like his penis. And he likes me to play with it. So I do. I can't expect him to not have release, can I?"

"Ah, I understand. But you enjoy giving him release, don't you? You like watching him ejaculate, or feeling it in your mouth, don't you? It's kind of thrilling, isn't it?" 

I thought she might faint. "Pastor, I don't know what Tim told you, but I do it for Tim, to help him keep calm until the wedding. He is very anxious to, you know, consummate the marriage."

"Ah, but there's the problem. You aren't a virgin any longer, so your marriage is something of a sham. But we will get back to that. You say that you have never been naked in front of Tim. Has he been completely naked with you? And how much of you has he seen?"

"I always leave my panties on. Always. But I've been topless and he has touched and kissed my breasts."

"Do you enjoy that, dear? I hear that women like to have their breasts touched. Does Tim bring you to an orgasm when this happens?"

"No, I mean yes! Yes, I like him to do that, but no, he doesn't bring me to an orgasm. It just feels wonderful and maternal. But he hasn't made me orgasm at all."

"I see. Does he put his hands into your panties? Has he had his fingers inside your genitalia? Does that make your orgasm?"

She was so embarrassed but I wanted to keep her talking and to move away from her fucking the boy in the back seat. "Yes, pastor, he will put his hands into my panties and usually will put his finger inside me. But he doesn't make me orgasm. It just feels good. I've never had an orgasm, with him or with anyone else!"

We are about to fix that problem, baby, if I have my way. And I always have my way. 

"I see. And do you wear sexy underwear on your dates with Tim? Do you make sure to have sexy panties on for him?"

"No, I wear the same kind of panties all the time. I'll buy some sexy things when we get married, I'm sure."

"That sounds like a nice idea. Well, Carrie, I know that you want to get married in the church, but we simply cannot have a deflowered woman presented before the church as though she was a virgin. That would simply be wrong." She started to protest, and tears started again, but I raised my voice and continued. "However, dear Carrie, there is a solution to this problem. Have you ever heard of a Born Again Virgin? No? Well, it's something that we can do for you to give you back your virginity. In the eyes of the church, it will be as though you have never been with any man, in any way. What do you think?"

She immediately changed her tune. "Really? That would be a miracle! But how does that happen? What do I have to do?"

I straightened. "Well dear, I have been invested with the ability to make you a new creature. I can return you to your innocent state if you like. But it will require you to obey me without objection. And you may find it humiliating but I promise that it will all be better very soon!"

"Humiliating? How? I can't go in front of the church and talk about this! I just can't!"

I grabbed her hand again and held it in my lap. Almost touching my cock but still an innocent gesture. "No, no, nothing like that. But you do have to allow me to cleanse your body and free you from your sin. I sacrifice my desires in order to make you whole. It's a small price to pay for your happiness."

"Well, what do we have to do? I'll do anything to get married in the church! Anything!"

"Fine, then let's get started. You have a couple of issues. First, losing your virginity to this boy and second, allowing Tim to ejaculate into your mouth. Even though he is your fiancé, you should not have his seed inside you at all before the wedding. However, I think I can correct both problems tonight. So now, I need you to undress for me. Please stand up and remove your sweater and then your dress. Come on now, no dawdling."

She looked at me like I had asked her to kill her mother. I just nodded and said, "You said you would do anything. Anything means that you get undressed. Now." 

She was very slow to stand up, but she finally did, and slowly removed her sweater from her shoulders. Her white bra straps were visible under the dress straps, and her cleavage seemed to grow as she took off the sweater. That wasn't the only thing growing in this room. My cock was on fire.

She said, "Pastor, are you sure? Isn't there something else that I can do? Like clean the church bathrooms or something?"

"Carrie, I did not create this situation. I am the one who is helping you to correct it. Now, let's go, take that dress off young lady! No more nonsense!"

She started to unbutton the dress down the front, and I was mesmerized. The first button gave me a glimpse of the size of her tits. I said to myself, "32C, I'll bet.", and I watched her slowly, agonizingly unbutton one button after another. After three or four, the bra cups were visible and I saw her simple little white bra that was filled with young fresh breast meat. She didn't overflow but God, she made that bra look so good. As she continued down, the last button came undone and she shrugged the dress off her shoulders and stepped out of it, laying it to the side with her sweater. 
