 Being a pastor is an awesome responsibility, and I do feel the burden of the office. I want to make myself available to help people in their lives. Sometimes my methods are unconventional but I feel a responsibility to do almost anything to help my flock.

One of the people that came to me for help was Nancy. Nancy was a widow, her husband having passed away a couple of years ago. Since that time, Nancy seemed to have gotten used to her new reality, and she volunteered in so many things around the church. Children's programs, choir, women's ministry, Nancy was involved in all of them.

Nancy was a very quiet person, almost mousy. She was always happy to help and support the church, but she was never going to be the one out front. We had never really had any conversations of any substance. She was always friendly with me, but she was just so shy that Nancy was kind of easy to overlook.

Her appearance didn't help. I knew that she was still fairly young, early fifties, but she seemed content to dress in clothes that were very out of style. Even though most of the women in the church wore dresses and skirts, most of them would find very fashionable clothes that looked great on them. But Nancy's clothes were frumpy. She was very modest and the style did nothing to make her more attractive. And her hair was put up in a bun. It had no gray that you could see, but again the style made her older than she was. She looked like the classic widow lady.

Nancy wasn't plump at all. In fact, she was quite small. She was about 5-2, and she couldn't have weighed more than 110 pounds. I liked Nancy, loved her as a member of the church, but she was never the first person that anyone would think of when talking about the church. There were several women, both young and old, who were much more attractive.

Anyway, I was working in my home office one Monday, trying to catch up on some work that I had neglected. I was dressed in a pair of running shorts and a t-shirt. Around 10, I heard the doorbell and I went out to answer it. I was really surprised to see Nancy at the door. I invited her in, hugged her in a brotherly way, quickly, and then I invited her to sit with me on the couch. She started to move in that direction, but then she stopped and said, "I'm not bothering you, am I? I just need to discuss something with you. It's sort of personal."

I said, "I have all the time you need, Nancy. If you want to talk, then let's just sit down."

Nancy had sat on the couch, and she looked very nervous. I sat down in a chair next to her, wondering what was on her mind.

Nancy just decided to jump right in. "Pastor, it's been a couple of years since George died, and I've decided that it's time for me to move on. I've mourned his loss long enough, and I need to get my life back. But I'm concerned because I haven't dated any other man, and I don't know what I'm doing!"

I said, "Nancy, I think that's a fine idea. You're still a young and vibrant woman, and I'm sure that there are a lot of men who would love to get to know you. Now, how can I help?" I laughed. "Do you want me to set you up with someone?"

She laughed with me and said, "No, nothing like that. Pastor, I know that I dress very conservatively, but I think it's time for me to come out of my shell. So, well, I know this seems crazy, but I want to show you an outfit that I bought and I want you to let me know what you think. Is that ok? I need to know if I can still be attractive."

I hadn't noticed the bag that she had brought with her, but now I realized that she had brought an outfit along with her. I said, "That's fine, I'm happy to help. Would you like to use my restroom?"

She stood and said, "Yes please. I'll be just a moment. Don't go anywhere.", and she moved quickly to the restroom, closing and locking the door behind her.

She was gone for several minutes and I was starting to wonder about her. Soon, though, I saw the door open and Nancy appeared. She came out slowly, seeming to be very self-conscious.

Nancy had nothing to be shy about. The woman that came out of that bathroom was not the same woman that had gone in. She had redone her hair, letting it bounce freely over her shoulders. It was thick and glossy, a mane of dark brown hair. She had also put on some makeup and her face was transformed. It wasn't too much, but it accentuated her pretty blue eyes and her full lips.

But that wasn't the only change. Gone was the old lady dress that she normally wore. Instead she wore a cute little skirt that just came to her knees, with heels that showed off her very nice legs. The skirt was snug but not too tight, just tight enough to give you a hint of her womanly hips. All of that was amazing, but her blouse took the outfit from cute to sexy. She was wearing a tight, white, thin blouse that left most of her tits showing. This woman had a rack and I could have gotten lost in that cleavage. I would have never imagined that sweet little Nancy had such an amazing set of tits.

She was smiling but also seemed very nervous and shy. She asked, "Do I like ridiculous? Am I too old for an outfit like this?"

I stood up and went over to her, grabbing her hands in mine and holding them. "Are you kidding? You look amazing! You look like a new woman!" I leaned in and kissed her gently on the cheek. She had also put on a light and floral perfume that nearly made my knees buckle. I was starting to get aroused, but my mind was trying hard to get used to the change.

She said, "Thank you, Pastor, but I need to share something else with you. Please go sit down and again so that I can work up the courage to take the next step." I went back to sit and stared at this sexual woman that looked like a vision. I couldn't take my eyes off her tits. They looked so full and alive. Where had this woman been all these years?

Nancy took a deep breath and said, "Pastor, I need to show you something else. I want to make sure that you understand everything." And then shy little Nancy reached behind her and unzipped her skirt. She dropped it at her feet. Her blouse almost covered her hips but not quite, and I could see her little blue panties that covered her mound. My jaw dropped. I was speechless.

While I was trying to figure out how to respond, Nancy started unbuttoning her blouse, and she started talking while she slowly undid the buttons. She said, "You see, pastor, I've been the good wife to George for many years. I loved him, and he loved me. But he thought that a woman should dress very modestly, even around her husband. So he never allowed me to dress in a sexy way for him. We only made love in the dark, and it was almost a dirty thing that we did because we had to. I've mourned George long enough, and I've decided that it's time for Nancy to come out of her shell."

With that, she pulled the blouse off of her body and showed me the light blue bra that matched her panties. Both the bra and the panties looked like they had been sprayed on. Her nipples were hard and pushing hard against the cups. And her mound was tight against her panties, with the lips starting to develop a camel toe. She was an absolute vision. I couldn't believe that this woman had been under my nose all these years. I was speechless. My cock, though, knew what to do, and it was growing down my leg. It was going to come out of the leg of my shorts if I wasn't careful

Nancy said, shyly, "I hope I haven't shocked you, but I knew that you would tell me the truth. Do I look like a woman that you would like to be with? Will men want me?" As she said this, she started moving towards me, looking like she wanted to devour me. She was nearly begging me to fuck her, and I felt a tremendous responsibility to help her self-esteem.

I said, "Nancy, I can't believe that you even have to ask that. Any man that is breathing would be thrilled to be with you. You look absolutely stunning. I had no idea." She stopped in front of me, standing there, legs slightly spread, breathing hard. I could smell her pussy, and I could see that the crotch of her panties was absolutely soaked. I reached out and took her hand, squeezing it gently. With my right hand, I tenderly touched her thigh, feeling the heat coming out of her body. When my fingers touched her leg, she let out a moan that told me everything I wanted to know.

I stood up and pulled her close to me. She collapsed into my arms, and I felt those tits crushed against my chest. I pulled her chin up and looked into her eyes. I said, "Nancy, would you mind if we kissed? I feel a need to kiss you." She nodded and I moved my lips to hers, feeling a need to hold her tight so that she wouldn't collapse. It had taken so much strength for her to do this and I wanted to make the rest of the journey much easier.

As we kissed, I enjoyed the feeling of this very feminine woman in my arms. Her tits against me, yes, but also the feeling of her skin, the firmness of her muscles. She had her arms around my shoulders, unsure of what to do. I moved my hands down her back, slowly, enjoying the feeling all along the way. When my hands reached her firm ass, I squeezed her cheeks and pulled her a little closer. I didn't want to scare her by grinding my cock against her, but I wanted her to know that I wanted more.

I broke our embrace and decided that it was time for a bold move. I picked her up in my arms and said, "Let's go back and relax in my room. It will be more comfortable." She wrapped her arms around me and I felt her breasts laying on my arm. She laid her head on my shoulder while I carried her to my bed.

When we got there, I put her down on her feet and then moved to pull back the covers for her. She came alongside me and held onto my arm while I fluffed the pillows for her. She whispered, "I hope you don't mind, but I've never been with another man than George. I'm pretty inexperienced. I hope I don't disappoint you."

I turned into me again and kissed her deeply. I said, "You are far from a disappointment. Let's just relax and let nature take its course. It will be fine. We have all the time you need."

She sat down on the edge of the bed and I stepped back so that I could get undressed. She said, "Would you mind if I undressed you? I've never done that and I've always wanted to."

I moved closer to her and she reached out for my shorts. My cock was tented out, hard and ready. It was starting to soak my shorts. She pulled my shorts away from my waist and then pulled them off of my hips. I pulled my shirt over my head at the same time, and she gasped.

"Oh my" she said. "I never imagined I would actually see a penis like this. George never let me see his." She took it in her hand and felt it. "It's hard but it's soft. I don't think was ever this hard." She started rubbing her hands all over it. I said, "Be careful, I'm already really close."

She looked up at me. "Close to, um, shooting? That sounds fun.", and she started rubbing it in earnest.

I pulled away from her, laughed softly and said, "I have better ideas, if you don't mind.", and I gently pushed her back so that she was on the pillow. I followed her in and kissed her deeply. She responded, groaning.

I decided that I couldn't wait to be inside her, and I knew that she was ready. I said, "Do you mind if I take your bra and panties off?" She nodded and I reached behind her and undid the clasp, and then pulled it towards me.

She was nervous and didn't know where to put her arms, so I helped her by moving them over my shoulders. I kissed her again and reached out to feel her left tit. It was so soft and yet so firm. The nipple was so hard that I knew it needed to be sucked, so I moved down and licked it. She gasped, arched her back and tried to push it into my mouth. I sucked it gently, not wanting to hurt her, and then I would lick around the nipple, enjoying the feeling of her whole breast. I moved over to her other tit and then started alternating between the two. She was moaning loudly, thrashing while feeding me her nipples.

Soon, I moved my hands down and found her waistband. I tugged at her panties, and she lifted her hips so that I could get them off. She kicked them off of her ankles, and I moved so that I was sort of laying on her from the side. We kissed again and I knew she didn't need much more. I was caressing her tits, rubbing my hands all over her, feeling her body and reveling in the feeling of her skin. My right hand moved down towards her pussy and I noticed that she didn't have any hair. I looked her as I felt it, and I said, "Nancy? Do you shave there?" I smiled as I said it.

She smiled back and said, "I never have before now, but I had heard that men like it. Is it ok?"

I slid my fingers inside her, two of them, feeling the juices flood my hand. I leaned down again and kissed her, kissing her neck and ears. I said, "I think it's wonderful. Thank you."

I was slowly fucking her with my fingers and it felt like her pussy was going to pull my whole hand in. She was moving her hips, fucking against my hand. After a couple of minutes she said, "That feels so good, is it always this good?"

I laid my head on her shoulder while continuing to probe her pussy. I said, "Have you never had an orgasm? Well, let's see if we can make that happen.", and I started pulling my fingers over her g-spot. She squeaked, squeezed down on my hand and I pushed the palm into her clit, grinding it while I continued to fuck her with my two fingers.

She said, "Oh my, oh my, oh my. That's amazing." She stiffened her body and I felt her pussy squeeze my fingers. She stopped breathing for a minute and then cried out, "oh God, don't stop!", and I felt her spasm and cum, soaking my hand. I continued to fuck her slowly with my fingers until she had regained her composure. I removed my hand and I kissed her again. She devoured my mouth, kissing me hard and sucking my lips. I moved on top of her and positioned myself so that my cock was against her hips. I ground my cock onto her clit, and she grabbed my ass and pulled me into her. Her legs opened wide and she said, "Oh God, i want to feel you inside me!"

I moved down a little bit and put the head of my cock against her pussy. The head moved in, parting her lips with the slightest movement. She gasped and said, "Oh my yes. You feel so good." I pulled out and then pushed it back in again, just the head. I pulled back again and again, letting her feel my cock enter her repeatedly. She collapsed onto the bed and I pushed myself all the way in. She was tight but had plenty of wetness so I had no problems filling her up. She gasped and I felt her open up completely to me. I held still, fully in her, enjoying the feeling of her pussy wrapped around me. Her tits were heaving as she breathed hard, and I reached down and took one of them in my hand.

I said, "Are you ok? Are you feeling alright?" She said, "Oh God yes. I've never felt anything like this.", and she involuntarily humped her hips, urging me to start pounding away.

I pulled away from her and rolled over onto my back. She sat up suddenly, looking anxious. She said, "What's wrong? Did I do something wrong?"

I pulled her over to me and said, "Nancy, you are perfect. I just wanted to let you try something else." I helped her on top of me, her legs on either side of my hips, and I reached down and found her pussy again with my cock. It slid in easily and she moved down to sit on me. I said, "Now you can control how it feels. Just go with the feelings."

She sat down hard on me and ground her clit against me. "Oh fuck." She gasped, held her hand to her mouth and said, "I'm so sorry, Pastor. I don't know where that came from! I don't swear!"

I laughed. "You can swear if you want to. Do you enjoy fucking me? Does it feel good?"

She started riding me hard. "Oh fuck yes. I want to fucking fuck you over and over again."

She kept riding harder and harder, then soon stiffened again and I felt her pussy spasm again. She fell onto me and I held her in my arms while she recovered. When she was ready, I pulled out of her and rolled her onto her side, then I spooned her and slid my cock between her legs and into her pussy. She groaned again. I said, "Nancy, you are so fucking hot. You've gotten me so worked up that I don't think I can't wait." I started working my cock in and out.

She was a rag doll by this time, so I moved above her, rolling her onto her back. She opened her legs and I slid my cock right back into her. She was moaning, asking for more. I started fucking in earnest, pounding away at her. Her hips would come up to meet my thrusts and I could feel her orgasm building again. So was mine, so I tried to time it so that we came at the same time. She screamed one more time and I felt her explode under me. That was all that I needed, and I shot a huge load deep into her pussy. I felt the head of my cock against her cervix and knew that I was feeding my sperm into her womb.

I collapsed on top of her and she held me tight, kissing my shoulders, my neck, everywhere. "Oh God, that was wonderful. As much as I loved George, he never made me feel that way. Thank you."

I rolled off of her and laid down next to her, and she rolled into my arms again, cuddling tight against me. "You're an amazing woman, Nancy. I never imagined that you, um,"

She looked at me. "You never imagined what? That I had a body, that I was sexual? Honestly, I never imagined it either. I'll never forget what you have done for me."

I kissed her again. "Believe me, it was my pleasure. If you have any other outfits that you want to model, just let me know."

She laughed. "You know, I've heard about some other things that I would like to try. Can we maybe do this again sometime?" She looked hopeful.

I kissed her gently. "I would love to explore with you. I'm so glad that you've decided to become the woman you should be."

She was quiet, and I looked down at her when she didn't respond. She was asleep in my arms. I decided that she had a great idea, and I fell back and closed my eyes. What a wonderful day.

Nancy and I became good friends and lovers. She wanted me to teach her about sex and she was a great student. I do love teaching and guiding my flock.