 It was ten in the morning when Harley slammed the open car door when she saw the tire. She cursed and kicked the tire.

"Fuck!"

Shitty tire... it just had to go flat on her on this desolate piece of highway in the middle of bloody nowhere. It was like the damn thing was gunning for her. Though it was partly her fault too; she never bothered to learn how to change them properly. She huffed at the thought and leaned against the trunk. The Porsche was a dream to drive with the top down but damn if she knew how to maintain it properly when it came to situations like this. It was not that she was stupid or anything, she just didn't bother. 

She crossed her arms and looked around. Harley cursed herself for taking this so called shortcut that wasn't even on the map. Sure her GPS system tried its best to help her out of it but it didn't exactly lead her into this neck of the woods. That was all her doing. It was something her associate told her about to help her get through the town that was close by. She was heading down to a University down in Virginia to give a talk about her job and was dreading it. She may have been a writer but she was no public speaker. She hated crowds and did her best to avoid them. 

"Linda! This shortcut of yours is a fucking backwater piece of shit!" she cursed into her cell. "Yeah, it seems that you're the only one who knows about this damn thing."

"I'm sorry... I didn't know you'd breakdown there," replied her friend.

"Nobody knows about it!"

"Yeah, but it's not like I planned this."

"Neither did I!"

"Just hang in there. I'll call in help."

"You'd better."

"You know, you should really learn how to-"

Harley hung up before Linda could repeat to her the obvious fact she knew. She really needed to learn how to change a tire. 

And now it looked like it would happen if nobody showed up. She tried her best to call someone to come help her out but nobody knew where this so-called shortcut was. It would take them forever to find her and she would miss the talk. And there would go the talk on the life of a columnist who works out of Washington DC. She would lose her paycheck and she would get a little smudge in her resume. 

But she wouldn't have to face those kids. 

She smiled at that. 

As she pondered at the brighter side of things, she heard her salvation. Coming down the street was the roaring engine of an old, glossy black, 1967 Chevrolet Impala that was speeding down the roar at 160 miles an hour. Her eyes caught the gleam of the light from the hood and saw that it was slowing down when the driver saw her. 

Finally, she thought. 

She waved at the car as it visibly took notice of her. The beautiful classic of a car neared her as she waved almost frantically at the driver. She beamed a smile as the car pulled to a stop and a window lowered. 

"Problem?" a low, husky male voice asked.

"Yeah, my tire," she pointed at the offending tire. "It's kinda gone flat on me."

"Ok, so I'm guessin' you want my help?" the voice joked.

Bent down and trying her best to see the driver, she smiled and replied, "If you can." 

The car soon raised its window and parked in front of her car. She straightened her back and smoothened out her green halter and her jeans, trying to look good for her would be savior. What got out of the car was something that surprised her, making her eyebrows rise. He was striking, tall and rugged looking, his features hard and roughened up by years of strenuous work. He was broad shouldered and his dark brown hair was slightly long and worn in an unkempt way. And his eyes were an icy blue. 

Just looking at him stirred something inside her. 

"You got the tools I need to help you?" he asked with a slight smile. 

All she could do was nod. 

"Trunk?"

"Yes," she beamed almost nervously. 

She led him to the back of her car and she used her key to pop open the trunk. Her hand shook a little as she tried to stick it into the keyhole. He was the kind of guy she liked and looked for very often on her spare time. She loved taking guys like him to bed and riding them until the sun rose back into the sky. She loved taking them in her mouth and sucking them dry too. She just drooled over them.

And the stranger could sense it and the feeling was mutual. Seeing her made him stiffen in his jeans. The woman was no older than he was, she could not be more than her early thirties. She had short red hair that shined in the light. She was in very good shape as her hips and ass were big and strong, her skin was taught and firm and her waist was tiny, accentuating her figure further. She had creamy skin that was silky and she had pouty lips which were painted red. But what took the cake though were her tits. Harley was a 38 DD, as he could clearly see from the way they were bulging from the halter top, as if they might burst out and reveal themselves for the world to see. He wondered what they might look like.

She opened the trunk and presented him the jack, the tool kit, and the spare wheel. 

"Ah, looks like we're all set," he reached in and gathered the things.

And that gave her a good view of his ass. It was tight and worked his jeans well. She rubbed her thighs together. As he looked through her trunk, she decided to join in and bent over with him, leaning her weight on the trunk's frame. 

"You sure?" she asked, smiling at him.

"Yeah," he nodded, glancing at her. When he glanced at her, he was reminded of the reason he had a growing hard on. She leaned in closer and pushed her weight down on the car, having her arms pulled tight together, which squeezed her big breasts together like they were going to bust out of her low cut top even more.

She smiled and glanced at his crotch and was taken aback. She knew the affect she had on men and was completely aware of what he was feeling but what she saw in his pants was something new to her. She saw a long lump hanging down his jeans that obviously was his hard dick. But it was the size that proved to be the noteworthy point. 

It almost reached his knee! Her jaw slowly started to go slack but she fought it and got control of her composure. She had never seen anything like it. It was one hell of a prick. She couldn't take her eyes from it. She wet her lips and swallowed, trying to imagine if it actually was as big as it looked to her. It couldn't have been, no way.

Could it?

He smirked when he knew she had her lusty eyes on his prick. He continued with his efforts with the feel of his hard cock rubbing against his leg. He wanted her to stare at it more as he enjoyed it thoroughly. He kept doing what he was doing as she watched, smiling a smile she could not see as she was too busy staring at his bulge. 

"Like what you see?" he mused as he gathered everything into his arms and headed to the wheel.

She blushed and tried to hide her embarrassment. 

He began to work on the wheel when she asked, "So, are you from around here?"

"Germantown," he said simply as he jacked up the car. 

"That's where I'm headed," she said. "Well, I'm only passing through, that is."

"And where are you headed?"

"Some university in Virginia," she sighed, remembering where she was headed and what she had to do. 

"How's DC?"

"How'd you know where I was from?"

"You're tags."

She only smiled at her foolishness. 

He got the tire off when she managed to get another glimpse at his extra appendage. It was straining the fabric of his jeans and looked to be very irritating. She felt a tinge of guilt at the reason why he was aroused. 

"Uncomfortable?" she asked.

He stopped to rub his cock in his pants for her to see. She was shocked at the move. He took his eyes off the wheel and looked directly at her. The deep cleavage and stunning figure of this arousing stranger had him turned on. He replied, "For obvious reasons."

Harley smiled warmly and laughed, "I'll bet."

"What do you do for a living?" he returned to the tire fixing.

"Columnist."

"Anything I've read?"

"Mostly business."

"Nothing about sex?" he glanced at her again.

"Excuse me?"

"Because you seem to have an affinity for turning men on purposely," he pointed at her chest. 

She laughed again, "No, that's just a hobby. My name's Harley by the way." 

"Nice to meet you, Harley. How'd you ever come across this shithole of a road?"

"My dumbass friend told me there was a more scenic route and here I am... What about you?"

"I like driving after a long night of work," he wiped some sweat off his brow. "It's very relaxing. There aren't many cars here. Pretty much next to none."

"I was pretty lucky to run into you then," she ran her fingers through her hair. 

"That you were."

He worked on the wheel for a few minutes, adjusting the bolts that held everything together. All the time he did, she was basking in the warmth that spread through her crotch. The sexual energy between them was very blatant. The air surrounding her cackled with much pent up, animalistic, sexual power. She could arouse men half her age and drive them crazy but this man here was in control and doing an equal job of turning her on. When she knew he wasn't looking, she placed her hands on her groin to add some gentle pressure to it. 

But he was looking and that proved to be something he liked. 

And he was done. 

He got up with the old wheel and put it in the trunk then returned for the rest of the tools.

"Thank you," she beamed without end. "Christ, I don't even know you name..."

He picked up the jack and tool kit when he said, "Dave."

"Thank you, Dave," she placed her hands on her alluring hips and watched his bulge with every step he took. 

He stored everything nicely and shut the trunk.

"We'll, you're all set," with that, he began to take off.

"Hey, wait!" she called out and went after him.

"Yes?" he stopped in his tracks and looked over his shoulder at her. 

She stood right next to him and said, "I can't thank you enough."

"Then that's enough for me," he smiled and turned to face her directly.

"But I feel I should repay you."

"You don't have to."

"But..."

"No. its okay."

"Yeah, but..." she looked straight at his crotch. His cock twitched and grew hard again, stretching down into the leg of his jeans. She could see it but still could not believe it. She didn't really want to repay him, she just wanted to see it.

He smiled. He knew what she wanted now. 

She stepped toward him, swinging her hips so that her tits jiggled. She bent forward and put her hand on his thigh, right on his bulging rod. 

"I really want to thank you for what you've done here..." her voice was breathy and made him twitch a little more. 

"Let's see if we can work something out," he said.

She unzipped his jeans and slipped her hand in. Her warm fingers caressed the length of his shaft. She was standing in front of him, her face only inches from his. He spread his legs wider. Her eyes lit up when she felt what she could not see.

"Christ, you weren't kidding..."

"I never said a word about it..."

"I never would have thought..." she pulled it out and marveled at something she had never seen before. Her eyes got wide. She was frozen with shock. His penis was huge. It stretched long and thick, and stood straight up at her. She swallowed hard. Was what she was seeing for real? She felt a shiver down her spine. She was holding a stranger's erect penis, and it felt great. This was no ordinary penis. It was thick, so thick she couldn't wrap her fingers around it properly. And it was as long as her forearm, from her elbow to her wrist. It pulsed and throbbed in her grip. It was as hard as a rock, and burned with an animal-like presence, a being in its own right. "I've never seen a man so big. Do you get a lot of attention from this thing you keep in your pants?"

"From women like you? Of course..."

"Do you ever get any of them to suck on it?" she said in a jittery voice as she began to pump it slowly. 

"Of course," he shrugged. "A lot of them like to try to see if they can handle it in their mouths."

"I know I'd like to," she liked her lips and her hands began to pump furiously.

"Give it a try," he coaxed her with a slight thrust out of his hips. 

"Here?" she looked around at her surroundings. All the green and the bright blue of the woods and the smell of pine was nice but this was not the place for this. There might be people who pass along this road. She wasn't sure but this whole situation got her so horny. A stranger's dick out in the open with her hands around it with him asking her to suck it and her wanting to do it, she just had to do it right there and then. 

"Sure, you've already got it out, might as well finish what you started."

She thought about it for a while. What if she got caught? By the cops maybe?

But the nest thing he did helped her decide. He got a hold of her face and looked deep into her eyes. He just stared deep and long, seeing the lust in them. 

Without another word, she dropped to her knees, bringing her face to face with the head of his cock. It looked even bigger from her new angle. Her mouth was watering and she swallowed a couple of times. From her knees, it looked even bigger. She raised the shaft and looked straight at the fat, purplish head. He pushed his cock to her mouth. She hesitated for a second but the excitement of her anticipation overwhelmed her. Harley held it in both hands and ran her tongue up and down the shaft, coating it with saliva. She licked the underside of the head and Dave groaned. She licked the head eagerly like she was a little girl with her ice cream on a really hot day. 

Then she wanted more. Her lips parted, her mouth opening up as wide as she could get it to. And she engulfed him. He moaned and ran his rough fingers through her hair. He towered over her and fed it slowly into her mouth, an inch at a time. She sucked the end of his cock deep to the back of her mouth. She squeezed her lips tight around the shaft and moved her head back and forth, smearing saliva along its length. He watched the way her puffy lips stretched around his cock, and he watched the top of her head bob back and forth. He could even see down her top to her swelling cleavage. 

Her eyes closed and she moaned around his cock, enjoying the feel of it. She loved the feel of the heat of his meat on her tongue and the wet grass under her knees. The wind around them blew gently and added to the sucking sounds she made. But it all faded into the background as they enjoyed their forbidden act out in the open. Her mouth was a smooth envelope that drew him in and out using mind-numbingly slow and deliberate strokes. She moved her head as forward as she could but it wasn't much as it was the most she could do. He was just too big. 

He began rocking his hips, like he was fucking her mouth. Her heart began to race now but she kept sucking. What if he tried to force it a lot deeper? He could cause some serious problems if he decided to stick his dick all the way in. But she would never know how much she could handle if he didn't try just that. So she sucked even harder. 

Her panties began to get soaked. She slowly opened her eyes and looked into his. They were enthralled by the sight of his bright blue eyes. He was the same with her big grey eyes. She moaned again and he began to pick up the pace. She did too. Her hands kneaded his shaft faster, like she was milking him.

He groaned and came. And when he did, he didn't just trickle his cum onto her tongue, he filled her mouth to the brim. Her cheeks puffed out and nearly split his cum past her lips but she swallowed the load just in time. The next load followed and she swallowed more. He spewed what he had kept inside his reservoir, unknown to him that he would even spend it this morning. He was saving it for later for one of his fuck-buddies maybe later tonight but this was an added bonus for his schedule. He looked at her and saw that she was enjoying him feeding her with his cum. 

When he was finished, Harley licked his cock clean and stood up.

"That was great..." he praised her.

"That was great..." she chuckled when she repeated what he had said. "I mean it."

"I mean it too."

"I never knew a guy who came as much as you..." her hands were still on his shaft, like she couldn't bear to remove them from his marvelous dick. She could still taste him in her mouth.

He smiled softly. 

As she continued to pump it, she slowly realized it wasn't getting any softer. 

"Christ... you're still hard?" she said.

"Yes."

"Fuck..." she pumped him even faster with both of her delicate hands. She was eager to see him shoot his wad again right after his first orgasm. 

Though he wanted to go further with her, he stopped her.

"I think you have to be somewhere," he reminded her.

"But..."

"No," he smiled at her reassuringly. "Even though I'd like to stick my cock in-between you breasts and cover them with cum, you have a schedule to keep."

She did not reply as she knew his was right. She had to keep up with her job's demands and had to make a living, but she wanted more of this cock.

"Listen," he said.

She listened.

"I'm going to be in a bar called Sam's Tavern, having a meal and a drink before I get home," he told her. "If you want me to do the things I just said, meet me there for a meal, a drink, whatever... as long as you meet me there for a fuck."

"Here in Germantown?" 

"Yeah, eight tonight."

"You really want to meet up with me?"

"You really want more of this?" he held his dick up like he was offering it up to her. 

She nodded. 

"Then meet me there," he stuffed his wet shaft back into his pants and zipped it up. 

Harley nodded again.