 WARNING: English is NOT my first language - I have learned it in school and practiced it a lot in trading, but this is (even though pornographic) supposed to be literature.

So please bear with me, or, if not, just read something else.

I also need to mention that the story is true, depicting my personal memory.

*****

What I remember is that we've been somewhat together through high school, but never close.

We knew each other's names, but that was pretty all we've known about each other.

She was acting somewhat distant, not only towards me, but also towards the rest of us...

Rumors said that that she was taken - a much older guy, with whom she was going to get married after graduating high school.

Tall, long light brown hair, becoming, once in a while, more blond, or more red, and, for which, the teachers (not all of them) were admonishing her, since, those times, girls were forbidden to use makeup and stuff...

Some strange greenish blue eyes, the color depending a lot of the intensity of the light, nice nose, not too thick lips, but thick enough to give ideas to dirty minded guys like me, middle sized tits, well proportioned hips, long and beautiful legs...

After graduating the high school, we've lost contact, as if it's been any...

Well, you know - exams for being admitted at the faculty, then, like any young man those times, I go to satisfy the military service...

It's the next summer, by now, and the day I'm talking about is just great - I am on my holiday and it seems that all my old fuck buddies, hearing that I'm home for two weeks or so, have only two main ideas: to have a drink with me, and... fuck me!

From my side, no complaints! For either, or both of them...

I've just accompanied, across the park situated in the neighborhood of my apartment, one of these fuck buddies of mine, then we've parted, letting her go mind the business that she needed to attend to.

It's early, somewhere between eight and nine in the morning, and I decide to go back home, taking the long road.

While almost passing one of the multiple entries in the park, with the corner of my eye, I can see an attractive female silhouette, with high heeled sandals and a short, but rather decent robe, and a purse, with her long hair shining in the sun.

I've never been the kind of guy to stare, so that I just look, admiring, with the corner of my eye at this morning beauty, but, suddenly, I realize that the face, the silhouette, everything, is somewhat familiar.

At that moment, I turn my head towards her and immediately realize that it's Jackie!

I stop, go towards her, and say:

"Jackie! Hi! Long time no see!"...

Her smile is somewhat sad, and her eyes betray some pain:

"Hi! I've thought it was you, but, with this so short haircut, I wasn't really sure"...

She's on her way to a library, looking for some book, but, being free all of the day, she's not in a hurry...

We find a terrace right in the middle of the park, on the bank of the lake, take a seat at a table, and order the only thing available at that time of the day, coffee.

I also order some cognac for each, but the waiter reminds me that for the moment, not being ten o'clock in the morning, they are forbidden to serve any alcoholic beverages...

I look at the guy, obviously much older than me, and stick a spear in his soul:

"Not even for a soldier on his short holiday?"

He looks at me more attentive, surely at my haircut, and I have the inspiration to take out and show him, from a distance, my military I.D.

The guy says nothing, just leaves, and, in a few minutes, brings us an additional pair of coffee cups, containing, you've guessed, the earlier ordered cognac. He mentions:

"I've also served in the army, at my time, and I know that it's not easy"...

I thank him, and he leaves, minding his duties.

We discretely say cheers, and sip from our drinks, then Jackie pours the cognac from her cup into the cup with coffee. I do the same...

"So, how are you? What have you been doing?" She asks me with a tone of a voice that tries to sound all right, but I can clearly guess that, in fact, she's anxious to tell me about her life...

I make a brief description of what I've been doing, then I stop, look deep into her eyes, and ask:

"Now, Jackie, it seems that it's your turn to tell me about your life, and I cannot tell what makes me feel that you have lived much more interesting times than I did"...

She sips from her cup, while I can clearly see a tear in the corner of her eye...

She sighs, then, again, takes a deep breath, and gets started:

"Finally, I need to take this brick from above my soul, and, even if we weren't close, we've still spent a few years together in school"...

Then, she starts telling me about her ex fiancee, who was a doctor at the moment they've met, when she was only fifteen, and with whom she has fallen in love.

She confirms that they've been together for the whole period of her high school, until her graduation, and she also gives me the news that the last two months, before our graduation, she was knocked up, being both happy and worried.

Hearing that she was pregnant, made her fiancee mad - he still needed to build a career, while she, also, needed to go at the faculty, not change diapers...

He has convinced her, pretty easy, to get rid of the child, arranging everything for the illegal abortion, and, two weeks later, after making sure that her health was all right, just informed her that he has started dating a colleague of his, a doctor from the hospital where he worked, who so happened to be the daughter of the manager of the hospital and the niece of a big shot in the Ministry of Health.

Anyway, for him, a liaison with that woman would of meant a boost for his career.

Jackie has been so devastated, that she hasn't tried to go at the faculty anymore; she has skipped a year, her parents finding her a job as a librarian.

But, this year, she has been admitted at the faculty, and she's trying to put her life back on track...

Then, in a low voice, she mentions:

"But, unfortunately, I still feel devastated, unbiased"...

All the time she's told me the story, her hands have been on the table, trying to torture each other.

I lean a bit across the table, and put my hands above hers:

"Now, Jackie, we've all heard in school that life can be tough"...

The same instant her eyes become fountains of tears...

I continue:

"Look at the bright side! First, you've had the chance to do not have to change the diapers of a kid who's father, excuse me, but has proven to be a jerk!

You're a free, young and beautiful, and attractive woman, if you don't mind my saying"...

She takes her hands from my hands and starts looking inside her purse for a tissue.

She wipes away her tears, not worrying about her makeup, since she's got none!

I realize how beautiful she can be, in the morning, without the need of any makeup...

"Jackie, you are beautiful! Really!"

She smiles a little, concentrating her looks on the cup of coffee.

I keep on looking at her, without hiding my admiration, and, when I catch her look, I smile, larger, and ask her:

"What would you say, since my schedule is blank for today, if I accompany you at the library, then, after you buy the book, we go at my place and let Pink Floyd heal some of your wounds?"

I know that she knows that I do have a beautiful collection of music, so that my proposal wouldn't sound awkward, or something...

She's clearly undecided, but, after a few minutes, after we finish our drinks and leave the terrace, she mentions the library she wants to reach to.

We start strolling, at an easy pace, on the alleys of the park, until we reach the exit.

The library is very close to my apartment, so that we continue walking.

She asks for "The Dark Side Of The Moon"

I bring two glasses, and a bottle of whiskey, mentioning:

"I know it's pretty early for drinks like these, but, since my time as a free man is quite limited, I take advantage of every minute - furthermore, I'm sure that it will also help you relax"...

Fact is that she's tense. I can see and feel that. It is so obvious...

"By the way, Jackie, the arm chair you sit on, is much larger! Why don't you try to relax a little? Here, there is no teacher, and you don't need to pass an exam!"...

Then I laugh a little, but stop, since she doesn't even smile...

I look at her in a serious manner:

"Now, what is it? Tell me, no matter what!"

My determination seems to surprise her, to even make her jump a little, but, finally, she decides to look into my eyes for a few moments, then she grabs her glass, and takes a sip...

"There are two major things: first, believe it or not, but, beside my ex, I have never been, alone, in a room with a man before, and... second, I have never drank any alcoholic beverages since he's left me"...

We look at each other, for a few moments, then I smile and tell her:

"I take the liberty to believe that, after he has left you, if you would have got wasted, drunk, for one night, you wouldn't have let one year pass away, skipping your studies...

Booze may be bad, but, in some cases, it makes wonders"...

Then I continue:

"Now, you aren't a nun, you are a woman! And, as I've already mentioned, beautiful and attractive!

Why waste your youth thinking about that bloody bastard?!?"

She takes her glass from the table and swallows all it's contents in a second. Then, looking somewhere far away, she tells me:

"Now, please stop Pink Floyd, or, better, let me go home"...

I realize, in a split of a second, that the music, instead of healing her wounds, is sticking the knife deeper in her memories...

I stop it, then turn towards her. She's already standing, with her purse in her hand...

I ask:

"Have you ever listened to Kitaro?" I know that people here know very little about him, so that I take my chance.

She thinks for a few moments, then says:

"... I don't think so"...

"Then let me put it for you, please".

I don't wait for her answer - I find the reel tape and get it started.

Then I turn towards Jackie - she's still on her feet, still ready to go...

This is bad - I need to do something - not because I want to fuck her, my balls have been emptied the whole night by my fuck buddy, so there is no real pressure, but I hate to see this beauty wasting herself for that jerk...

I gently take her empty hand, then, with the other, grab her purse and gently make her let it go and put it on an tabourette, then, again, take her other hand.

"Jackie, I'm gonna do now something that I've only dreamed about, knowing that you were taken"...

I don't wait for her answer - I get close, very close to her, and give her a dry kiss on her lips.

She's startled, but has no reaction.

I gently lead her back to her arm chair, and make her sit back there.

Then, I take her glass and pour some more whiskey, then grab mine, empty it in a gulp, commenting jokingly:

"See? I drink as much as you drink, to make sure that you don't suspect that I want to get you drunk and take advantage of you!"...

Then, I also pour some whiskey into my glass...

She tells me that she's now sure that she's never listened to this music before, and that it is really interesting...

I take advantage to say:

"See? Life is composed of so many things that you haven't seen or tasted yet, and you keep on mourning!"...

She takes another sip from the glass, then stands up and comes towards me.

I stand up, presuming that this time, she will really leave, but, when I see that she doesn't make any move, I decide to embrace her.

No kissing, no nothing, for more than ten minutes...

Then, gently, I start caressing her hair, then take it apart, letting me have direct access at her neck.

I kiss it, gently, then lick it a moment - she jumps.

I embrace her stronger, and make my lips find hers.

This time, I don't give her a dry kiss - my tongue makes her lips part, and I start a fight with her tongue.

She starts caressing my back, scratching my spine with her fingers, making me shiver, especially when she reaches my lower part of the spine...

Her mouth is hungry - of course! After such a long time!...

I'm also hungry and thirsty, and so, I keep on kissing her mouth, her eyes, her neck...

My left hand is massaging the back of her neck, while my right hand is gently descending, getting closer to her ass cheek...

Shit! The music stops!

Jackie senses my intention to go, but she embraces me stronger:

"No music! Only you and me!"...

I make her lay on the bed, kissing her some more, then gently go down, towards her chest, while my hand is already assaulting one of her boobs...

I don't have too much space to maneuver, since the robe is the kind that needs to be taken off over the head.

She stops me, stands up, and takes off her robe, then lays back beside me.

I take advantage, and take off my shirt.

I push up her bra, letting a boob at my hungry full view, and start sucking her nipple - she arches her back, and lets go a soft moan.

My hand expertly finds the clasp of her bra, at her back, and I make release the tension.

Now both her boobs are at my disposal, so that I start kissing her between them then licking that area, then going at the other boob.

She caresses my scalp - my hair is so darn short.

I keep on kissing and licking and sucking her boobs, while my hand gently goes towards her panties, and under them, until I reach her moist entrance.

She opens her legs a bit, so that I make my middle finger enter her a little, then I take it out and start caressing her clitoris.

Jackie obliges, so that she grabs my dick, already erect, through my pants, and starts caressing it.

I stop, and, in a moment, my trousers and shorts are thrown somewhere in the room.

Then, I go to Jackie, grab her panties, and help her get rid of them...

I part her legs, and let my dick feel her entrance, letting my precum mix with her juices, while I keep on kissing and caressing her boobs.

It's time to get in, so that I push, a little, just a little - I haven't, yet, inserted the head of my dick - it's nested between her labia.

In a minute, she starts humping a little, trying to get some more - I oblige.

My dick head is in - but only the dick head!

I thank God that, after having fucked so long and good my fuck buddy last night, I can now have the patience to go with Jackie at a really slow pace...

I gently start pumping, but I don't let in any more than the dick head. After a few minutes, she suddenly clenches my ass with her feet and starts forcing me to enter some more, while she's shivering, trembling, and moaning.

I keep my dick in, but only a half, and stay still, letting her enjoy my pulsations - I'm also provoking them, to amplify her pleasure...

In a minute, she's done.

I raise my head from her boobs, and go and start kissing her mouth, while my hands are making her legs go up, towards the ceiling.

Then, I suddenly raise, grab her feet for balance and enter her completely.

This time her moan is louder - much louder!

I start pumping her cunt in a frenzy, digging deep inside her, while my pubes are hitting and pressing her clit every time I am deep inside her.

She's jumping every time I hit her inside in a certain angle, but she takes it like a good sports, and moans and bites her lower lip, while her face and chest is full of perspiration by now...

I cannot tell how many times she's orgasming, but, from a certain moment, she doesn't stop shivering and trembling - I keep on pumping.

Suddenly, I realize that I'm close, really close, so that I amplify the speed even more, then, in a split of a second, I withdraw my dick, and let my jizz spray her pubes, her belly, and even a few drops on her boobs.

Honestly, I'm wondering where the heck do I have so much sperm from, after the last night's performance...

Her hand is on my dick, pumping and milking it - it seems that the doctor has taught her well...

Suddenly, she grabs me and makes my belly glue to hers, and she starts massaging my dick with the muscles of her belly.

We kiss.

I look into her eyes:

"Honey, you are wonderful".

She smiles...

After we stay, embraced, for a few minutes, we go and take a shower.

In the shower, we wash each other's back, and not only...

While she's washing my dick, she tells me:

"Your dick is larger than my ex's"...

I cannot help, but be mean:

"See? Another reason for which you don't need to be mourning after him!"

This time, finally, she bursts into laughter...

FINALLY!

As people who have already read some other memories of mine know by now, I like to fuck, a lot, but, honestly, I prefer to fuck happy women, and keep them happy...

I let Jackie go back into my room, while I go to the kitchen and prepare a few sandwiches - drinking is all right with me, but I prefer to do it while also having some food into the system...

Seeing me with the sandwiches, Jackie is somewhat reluctant, so that I tell her:

"As you've mentioned already, you haven't have had a drink in ages. So... I want you to eat at least two of these... I don't want to make you get wasted!"...

She listens, like a good girl, so that we finish all the sandwiches from the plate.

I've forgotten to mention that Jackie, while I was preparing the sandwiches, took the initiative and started an album with Aretha Franklin.

After we finish eating, I can see that Jackie is a little embarrassed, or something, so that I ask:

"What is it?"

"Well, I do have the habit to wash my teeth after I eat - maybe you have some chewing gum"...

"Better than that! Let's go to the bathroom - I do have there some brand new tooth brushes - all right?"

She continues to be embarrassed, but follows me at the bathroom.

I leave her alone, and get back into my room, awaiting for her...

In five minutes, she's back, smiling at me and thanking me...

I pour some more whiskey, and say cheers.

We sip a little, then I stand from the arm chair, and help Jackie go back to bed with me...

We both lay with our faces up, while I gently caress her hair, then put my hand under her head and reach for her boob.

I start playing slowly with her nipple, that responds in a flash, letting me feel it hardened and ready to be caressed.

"Jackie, I'm still hungry, but since I'm too lazy to go to the kitchen, I'd rather kindly ask you to let me eat this so sweet nipple of yours. Will you let me?"

She giggles a little, then turns towards me, grabbing the back of my head and guiding me towards her erect nipple I bite it jokingly, then start sucking and licking it, while my hand goes straight between her legs and quickly finds her clit.

We play like that for a few minutes, until she pushes my chest and straddles me, while with one of her hands she grabs my dick and helps it find the entrance in her cunt.

Then, while caressing her clit, she slowly lets her weight harder on me, impaling herself, little by little.

In less than three minutes, she starts shivering, arching her back and letting her head bend forward and backward, with her eyes closed...

Her boobs are in my hands, and I play with them as I wish, pinching her nipples, from time to time...

She then stops caressing her clit, and starts bouncing on my dick.

I stop her for a few seconds, and I grab a pillow, arch my back, and put the pillow under my hips.

When she realizes what I'm doing, she just comments:

"God, I already feel you filling me, now you shall fill me even more. I hope it won't hurt"...

"Nice and easy, babe, nice and easy! Take your time!"...

I can literally feel, with my dick head, how I'm pressing her cervix and uterus. She sighs, and then tells me:
