 "That is a bit expensive," Shruti said wistfully.

"It is also extremely cute," said Deepti.

"It's expensive! We are still two thousand rupees short."

"That's not much, Shruti."

"It is, when I am spending on a birthday gift for a friend. I mean, look. She's my friend too, but I am not spending that much on a birthday gift for her."

"It's fine. I will pay the rest."

"We were supposed to go 50-50!"

"I know, don't worry about it. She doesn't have to know that I paid more. And it doesn't absolutely have to be 50-50. You are just supposed to give what you can... it's the thought that counts."

"And you can afford to toss in another two thousand?"

"I can arrange it," said Deepti smugly.

Shruti shook her head and gave her a suspicious look.

"You are surprisingly good at arranging cash at short notice. I hope you know what you are doing."

Deepti laughed.

"Relax, its nothing terrible. I just know how to coax money out of people in emergencies. I'm cute!"

"Coax money out people? You mean your dad? He will probably smack you."

"Not my dad. But you don't have to worry about it. I don't want to discuss it. I will just get the money and we will buy the jacket in the evening. Why don't you tell the clerk to put it aside for us until then? I should get to work on this."

She pulled out her cellphone and started to make a call. Shruti rolled her eyes. Deepti patted her on the cheek and hurried out of the store, 

"Hello? Uncle Ashok? Yes, I am sorry, I know you had been calling me yesterday, but I was so tied up with college. Yes, I can come over now."

*****

When she got to Ashok's house, he was sitting in the garden with a cup of tea. He waved at her as she came in through the gate. She gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

"I am so sorry," she said. "It has been so busy. College, assignments, my part-time job."

"You should just focus on college, you don't need the job," said Ashok. "Your father is paying for everything anyway. I don't know why you youngsters need to spend so much."

"We have our needs, Uncle," said Deepti wearily. "We youngsters live somewhat different lives and nice things are expensive."

"Well, you do have me in case you need a little extra."

"It's not just about the money. I like the experience too. But since you mentioned it, I do need some money."

"And that's why you chose to call me today," said Ashok, feigning a bit of anger. "But you ignored me when I called you yesterday."

"Oh... don't be grumpy," said Deepti, taking his arm. "You know I love you."

"I know you love sweet-talking me into stuff," said Ashok, letting her lead him back into the house. 

He walked into the kitchen with his empty cup. Deepti put her backpack down on a chair and plopped down onto the couch.

"Your aunt is out until the evening," he called from the kitchen. "Do you want any tea or some snack? I could make you something."

"No, I'm good. I'm not staying long really. I have some buy... uh... stuff to do with college."

"Yes, I know you came to see me because you probably want to buy something silly," he said as he came back and sat down next to her. "I just hope its not something too stupid. You aren't doing anything stupid, are you?"

"No drugs, no alcohol. Just clean fun," she said with her most innocent smile, but she could see he wasn't buying it. "Oh alright... I will come clean about this. I am just buying a gift for a friend. It's her birthday."

"I hope that's the truth, Deepti," said Ashok. "I know I am only your father's friend. I am not your father. But I do care. And I don't want to see you mess up your life."

"Oh... don't be such a damp squib!" Deepti said squeezing his arm. "You are supposed to be my fun uncle! And you know me. It's always just nice, clean fun with me. Okay, I do spend a little more freely than I should, but I only spend what I can. I don't spend what I don't have. It's not like I'm building up debts."

"Fine, I will trust you," said Ashok. "How much do you need?"

She thought for a moment. 

"Three thousand would do it. I really only need two, but three will make it nicer."

"That's a little more than usual, Deepti," said Ashok with a frown.

"Please?"

Ashok gave her a blank stare.

"Banquet?" she said.

"Ah." 

"Yes?"

"Very well."

Deepti beamed at him. He reached into his pocket for his wallet. Deepti got up and did a little dance as he counted out the money.

"Thank you very much," she said as she put it into her wallet.

"You are going to ruin me," said Ashok with a weak smile.

"Don't say things like that," said Deepti, giving him a hurt look. "You can have it back if you are having second thoughts. I don't spoil anything for you."

"No," he said with smile. "I didn't really mean it. I can afford it. Don't bother your pretty head about me." 

"Okay, so... now?"

"Yes!"

Deepti giggled and started to unbuckle her pants as Ashok rushed to close the curtains. She wiggled out of her figure-hugging jeans, then her panties and dropped them into an armchair. Ashok smiled as he turned around to admire her. She twirled around and struck a pose for him.

She looked irresistible. Long, shapely legs, leading up to a beautiful, pert bottom. She twisted and wiggled seductively for him, parting her legs revealing her youthful treasure. She had shaved carefully and her tender, pink lips seemed to glisten. He could already smell her excitement and he felt happy about that. At least it wasn't just about the money. Or perhaps it was, but at least she was looking forward to it anyway. But then again, he could see it in her eyes. They seemed to sparkle with an unmistakable fire. 

She kept moving sinuously, dancing to some peculiar tune that she was humming. That tune! She always hummed that tune... sometimes whistled it with her luscious lips. He had never asked her what it was. He didn't want to know. It was part of the magic. 

She turned and twisted, tossing her long, black hair around. He hadn't even seen her take off the hair clip and toss it aside. She was unbelievably good at this now. Sometimes it even scared him that her control over his senses could be so absolute. She was still dancing several feet away from him and he was completely unaware of anything except her beautiful, writhing body. 

Her hands were kneading her small breasts through her t-shirt. He could see that her nipples had hardened. She pinched them gently for a moment and bit her lip, looking straight into his eyes. He gave her a pleading look and he saw the hint of a smile. He knew what it meant. She wasn't going to take off her shirt. He wasn't going to see her breasts. That wasn't part of the deal. She never took off her shirt. Small breasts, on the edge of womanhood. He was dying to see them, taste them. She knew that, but she refused anyway. She always refused because she knew it drove him crazy. 

She moved her hands down gradually down her sides, caressing her thighs, and then her ass. She turned around to let him see her cute little bottom, wiggling it in tune with the music. And then, she turned around again and dropped slowly down onto the couch. The humming stopped. 

"Can I take off my clothes?" he asked hoarsely.

"No!" she said quietly. "You only get to eat! That's the deal."

"I know. I won't do anything else. I kept my word the last time you let me be naked. Please?"

"Fine..."

He began to disrobe without taking his eyes of her. She kept staring into his eyes. Her eyes smouldered and her lips were curved in a subtle smile. Just the kind of smile that held him in a trance. A part of his mind wondered how a girl this young could know him this well. His clothes dropped to the ground beside him. 

He walked over to her and kneeled in front of the couch, at her feet. She leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek.

"So... you said Banquet. So..."

"Yes, lets just make sure you remember what that means. It means that you are allowed to do what you like, but only use your fingers and tongue. No touching above the waist. Clear?"

He nodded. She smiled, lay back and parted her legs invitingly.

"Uh... not... I..."

"Not the pussy first? Fine."

She stood up and giggled, amused by his speechlessness. She got down on her knees and bent over the couch, wiggling her ass at him invitingly. 

"Time to eat, Uncle!" 

He placed his hands on her buttocks gently and began to knead them. She moaned a little and his cock twitched suddenly in response. It touched her leg and he mumbled an apology.

"It's fine," she said. "I understand when its not intentional."

He wasn't really listening. He lowered his face between her butt-cheeks, letting out a long, guttural moan as he felt her warm flesh over his face. He rubbed his face into it and Deepti squirmed and giggled. 

"Don't tickle me!"

He started planting frantic kisses on her buttocks. He gently parted them and began to kiss and lick her little, pink asshole. Deepti gasped with pleasure. As much as she enjoyed teasing him, using him, dominating him like this... she couldn't deny he was good at pleasuring her. He feasted on her bottom, licking and probing her with his tongue. Her pussy was already sopping wet and she knew she would start dripping down her thighs soon. She wanted him to eat her pussy now, but she just buried her head into the couch and whimpered. She didn't really have a say in this. The deal was that it was his choice now. 

Eventually he did flip her over and she squealed with relief as his lips touched her slit. He grabbed her thighs and pulled her forward until her butt was hanging over the edge of the couch. And then he began to feast. She held her legs up with her arms to give him better access. Her thighs shook with the strain of the impending orgasm. And then when it hit, she couldn't hold on to them anymore. Her legs jerked up in the air, but he kept his mouth firmly on her pussy, thirstily lapping up her intimate juices.

She wanted him to let go, for just a couple of minutes to allow her oversensitized clit some time to return to normal. She whimpered and he backed off a little, licking and kissing her inner thighs for a while, eventually returning to her asshole. As his tongue probed her sphincter, she knew that the ride to her next orgasm had begun. She just closed her eyes and let go. After a while, she felt a couple of fingers slide into her ass as he began to eat her pussy once again. 

He kept eating her, steadily and enthusiastically. She came and came again. She wasn't really sure just how many times, but as she gradually began to regain her senses, she found herself marvelling at his stamina. Or perhaps it was his hunger. In either case, his tongue had worked extremely hard and for a rather long time. 

"Uh... we should stop now," she mumbled. She looked at her watch to make sure. Thirty minutes. That was the deal. 

She patted his head and he reluctantly looked up. His face was a wet mess, his eyes seemed a little red, but he was smiling. She knew he wanted more, but they were done for now. As he stumbled to his feet, she saw the precum dripping from his cock onto the floor. He caught her glance and sighed. 

"Yes, I know I look pathetic. Should have just kept my pants on. You really will be the end of me."

He leaned in to kiss her but she stopped him, and gestured that he should wipe his face first. He stood up to look around for a towel, but there wasn't one in the room. 

"I'll get a towel," he said. "I think you will need one too."

"Hang on," she said as she reached out and grabbed his dripping cock. 

He froze at that. This was new.

"Uh..."

"Yes, I know," she said. "Not part of the deal. But I do love you enough to not want you looking that pathetic."

She stood up, kissed him on the cheek and started stroking. He groaned. He was on the edge already. It didn't take long. He came all over the the coffee table, spraying the newspapers and a couple of the magazines.

"Ohh.... oh wow!" he moaned as he weakly dropped back onto the couch. She laughed and snuggled up to him.

He looked at the mess on the table and then looked at her. They both laughed. 

"I guess I will have to throw out those magazines," he said. 

"Yes."

"It was worth it."

"Yes, I would expect so. But just remember... this was just an exception. We are going to stick with our original arrangement."

He sighed.

"Why, Deepti? We have been doing this for a while now. You trust me. And its not like you are a virgin anymore. So... why not just let me do it all? I will pay."

She looked at him silently.

"I don't know," she said finally. "I am not hanging on to our terms because I am afraid of doing it with you now. I just... I think this works. It's a different kind of fun. And I think there's a part of you that enjoys this too. I am quite sure of it. I think you like this."

He shrugged.

"I suppose I will trust you on that one. You seem to know me better than I know myself at times."

A little later, they were dressed and she was picking up her stuff. 

"Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?" he asked.

"I'm good. I've got to go."

"So next week then?"

"Of course!" she said, kissing him on the lips. It wasn't just a peck. It was a passionate kiss and it surprised her as much as him. 

"Okay," he said after a few seconds. "That was... nice."

She laughed. There was a wistful look on his face and she knew what it meant. She gave him a tight hug. 

"Some day," she said, "I won't be a college student anymore and I won't have to do this just to get a little money. Then, you can fuck me. And it won't be for money."

He chuckled and patted her cheek.

"And that's how you are going to keep this old man hooked until then. You really will be the end of me."

*****

"I don't understand why you are spending so much on her," said Shruti as they walked out of the store that evening. "It's a little... over the top, isn't it?"

"It's not just her."

"That's true. You spend way too much. And I have no idea where you get the money. I hope you know what you are doing, Deepti."

"Relax. I have... a nice uncle."

"Well, he's spoiling you rotten."

"Yes, he is."

THE END