 Jackie was my landlord. I moved into the two story unit next to hers a week after she bought the duplex. 

She was a very nice woman who had only hang up. Her age. 

Jackie was forty five but looked thirty. She told people she was thirty two and no one ever questioned her. She had three kids but she would not allow them to call her mother. Jackie did not want anyone to know she had a twenty three year old son.

She was five-four and had thick, honey blond hair that hung down around her shoulders. Her eyes were bluish green, her small nose was straight and pointed and her lips were wide and full. She was slender, almost skinny, but she did not starve herself. She had large, full, straight breasts, narrow hips and a small, tight ass. Her legs were slender and shapely.

As I was unlocking my front door, Jackie opened her door, "Good evening, Kyle," she said, "You look exceptionally handsome tonight." I was wearing my best suit, white on white shirt and a striped tie.

"Evening Jackie," I answered, "Thanks for noticing."

"You're home early," she said, "its only eight thirty. Is something wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong," I told her, "just my whole life got flushed down the drain."

"Do you want to talk about it?" Jackie asked, concern in her voice. Without waiting for me to answer, she grabbed my hand and pulled me into her apartment. "Just come in. we'll have coffee, or something stronger, and we can talk."

Jackie got us each a beer and, sitting at the kitchen table, I told her about my night.

I had made reservations at "La Petite France" six months ago. It was the best restaurant in town and reservations were almost impossible to get, especially on Valentine's Day. 

I had the entire night planned. After dinner, I had arranged to be picked up by a horse drawn carriage and driven around the park. That was when I was going to ask Mandy, the girl I had been dating for two and a half years, to marry me.

We never made it out of Mandy's apartment. I showed up, dressed to the nines, with a box of chocolates and two dozen roses. Mandy was wearing a red sweater and levis. She told me that she no longer wanted to see me. She had met someone else and she and I were through.

After a brief, but futile, argument, I left her apartment, drove around while I digested what had just happened and came home.

"The silly little bitch," Jackie said, "She broke up with you, on Valentine's Day."

"You got it," I said. I took the ring out of my pocket and dropped it on the table. "Want a ring?"

Jackie inspected the ring and said, "Nice."

"But useless," I told her.

"There will be other girls," Jackie said.

"Not for a while," I told her.

Jackie got up to get more beer. It would be number four for both of us. We were just a little buzzed.

She had on a light blue, turtle neck sweater that clung to her, showing the shape and size of her breasts. Her levis were molded to her hips, ass and thighs. She was wearing blue, high heeled shoes. She always wore high heeled shoes.

As I watched her walk across the room I was struck by the urge to take her in my arms and kiss her, touch her. It was not the first time I felt that way. I wondered what she would do, how she would react, if I did it.

Jackie came back to the table. She stood next to my chair and put her hand on my shoulder. Then she bent forward and moved her arm around my shoulders. "I'm really sorry it happened to you," Jackie said, "especially on Valentine's Day." 

She moved her face closer, to kiss my cheek. Without thinking about it, I turned my face towards hers and our lips pressed together. At the same time, I put my arm around her back. Her face pulled away in surprise and she stared at me, a puzzled expression on her lovely face. "What the hell," she muttered, returning her lips to mine.

As we kissed, I turned her body so that she ended up sitting on my lap. Our kiss had become passionate, our tongues deep inside each other's mouth. I was sure she could feel my hard-on pressing up against her ass.

My hand moved to caress her breasts and I felt her muscles stiffen. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time," I told her, squeezing the mound of firm, pliant flesh, "Do you like it?"

"Of course I like it," she answered, "but we shouldn't be doing it."

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked as I rubbed and squeezed her breasts.

"If I say yes, will you stop?" Jackie wanted to know.

"Of course I will," I promised, keeping my hand on her breasts but not moving it. "I'm not a rapist."

Jackie looked at me a few seconds longer. Finally, she smiled, put both arms around my neck and said, "Don't stop. " She moved her face close to mine and just before our lips touched, she said, "Play with my nipples." I moved my hand under her sweater and squeezed her nipples through her bra. "I want to suck them," I told her, "Let me suck your tits."

"Lets go in the bedroom," Jackie said.

I followed her into her bedroom. She turned on the lamp next to the bed. It cast a dim light over the room. As I watched her, Jackie crossed her arms in front of her body and pulled her sweater up and off. Her lacy bra was flesh colored and barely contained her bulging breasts. She unbuttoned her jeans and wriggled them down below her hips. She was wearing a green thong which pulled halfway down with her jeans. Jackie removed her jeans and thong, exposing her hairless mound.

She reached up, behind her back, and stopped. "Aren't you going to take your clothes off?"

"Oh, yeah," I said, snapping out of the trance I was in.

I pulled my clothes off but kept my eyes on Jackie as she removed her bra. Her breasts hung down but did not sag. The nipple were long and thick and surrounded by large, dark aureoles. "You are gorgeous," I told her.

"And you're really slow," she said. I had left my suit coat in the kitchen. Jackie was naked and I had just gotten my tie off and my shirt unbuttoned. 

She stood in front of me and unbuckled my belt. Staring at my face, as I got my shirt off, Jackie opened my trousers then knelt down and pulled them off my legs. 

Her fingers hooked the waistband of my briefs but before she pulled them down, she pressed her lips against the cloth that covered my bulging hard-on. Slowly, as though teasing herself, she pulled the waistband down until finally my cock popped free. She looked up at me and smiled. "Oh, baby," she groaned, "its been a long time."

Jackie gripped the base and licked the crown, licked it then kissed it and rubbed her lips on it. Her lips moved down the sides, sliding back and forth, wetting the shaft. Finally, after kissing and licking the entire length of my cock, she let the crown slip between her lips, into her mouth and deep into her throat.

After several minutes of being kissed, licked, sucked and deep throated, I made Jackie stop. We got on the bed and I began kissing her lips, then her face, her neck, her shoulders and her breasts. "That's so good," Jackie moaned as I sucked on her nipples, "I love that so much." I continued down her stomach and belly, finally reaching her mound. 

Jackie groaned as I separated her legs, and she gasped as my tongue touched her clitoris. She groaned and gasped as I licked and sucked the tender flesh of her pussy.

"Fuck me, baby," she pleaded, "Put your big, beautiful dick in my hot, wet pussy. "

I got between Jackie's legs and felt her hand guiding me into her. She was hot and wet and tight. The walls of her vagina gripped my cock. As I pumped my hips it felt almost as though her cunt was sucking me.

Jackie was gasping and moaning as I fucked her. "Oh, god, its happening," she cried, "its happening---I'm going to cum---yes--yes---yes--oh god-- I'm going to cum--- OH--SHIT--I'M CUMMMMMMIIIINNNGGGG!!!" A sudden flood of wet warmth enveloped my cock as Jackie's legs encircled me. I thrust into her, as hard and as deep as I could,

Jackie's face showed a looked of contentment I had never seen before. "I haven't cum like that in---maybe forever," she said dreamily, "Did you cum?"

"No," I told her, "but I'm ready."

"Do it between my tits," Jackie said, "I want to see you cum."

I moved up to straddle Jackie's chest, with my cock between her breasts. She squeezed her breasts together, engulfing my cock with warm, pliant flesh. 

I leaned forward on stiff arms as I slid my cock back and forth between the firm mounds. Jackie put her chin down so that the head of my cock slipped between her lips each time I thrust forward. The pressure built and a bolt of electricity shot through me as streams of hot, thick cum spurted onto Jackie's chest and neck. 

Wearing my T shirt, trousers and shoes, I was sitting on the edge of the bed. Jackie was still naked but covered by a sheet. "What happened tonight can not ever happen again. Right?"

"If you say so," I told her.

"And, we will never speak of it, even to each other," Jackie said.

"Don't worry," I said, "My lips are forever sealed."

"Then lean over here and kiss your mother good night."

I leaned down and kissed Jackie on the mouth. As I did, I slipped my hand under the sheet and onto her breasts. "Happy St. Valentine's Day," I said as I pulled the sheet away, lowered my head to her breasts and sucked my mother's nipple into my mouth.