 INTRODUCTION

I realized my life long dream of living close to Beaver Creek Mountain in Colorado. For over 30years I had vacationed at Beaver Creek usually for two or three weeks at a time. I had always dreamed of owning a home or condo on the mountain but I never could afford it. It seemed that every time I looked at real estate it had gotten more and more expensive. My family and I had always enjoyed our times there. Now my children were grown and my wife had passed away two years ago. So at the young age of 69 years I purchased a two-bedroom condo in the town of Avon. The condo faced the mountain and it was situated on the north side of I-70.

The condo cost about one-third of the ones on the mountain so it was very affordable. Recently a gondola was installed that took skiers from the town of Avon up to the mountain making it much more attractive to live or stay in the town of Avon. I volunteered as a mountain host which required that I work for one-day a week except when there were special events such as the world cup or celebrity ski races. As mountain hosts we would work more days during those type events. In return for working as a host I was given a season pass which was good at Vail, Beaver Creek, Breckenridge and Keystone.

A side benefit to the host job was greeting and meeting people on the mountain. At the age of 69 I was very fit as I had been religious about working out my entire life. I was a black belt in karate and I still practiced at home. I played golf and tennis in the summer months and vacationed in the Caribbean where I SCUBA dived. Needless to say I was an avid skier and skied every day that I was not working. I usually worked on Saturdays or Sundays because that's when the slopes were the most crowded. A large number of skiers would drive up from Denver on the weekends. I was 6'2" tall and weighed a fit 185 pounds. The condo complex had a fitness center which I used on a regular basis. Sometimes I would take a day off skiing and snowshoe through the back country of Beavercreek. I would snowshoe for miles and spend the entire day in the pristine area. 

Before finally retiring in Colorado, I had worked the previous five years as a ski instructor at a prominent Midwest ski resort. I made that known at Beavercreek and the ski school used me as a substitute instructor whenever they were shorthanded. I would fill in for the beginner or intermediate lessons. It didn't happen that often but it was nice to be valued in that way and I earned a few extra bucks. My fellow retirees were impressed with my fitness and resolve to stay fit. The younger ski instructors also talked about me in a positive manner as they too were impressed with me for my age.

I had met a number of ladies of all ages ranging from the 30's to the 50's on the mountains. They usually were the ones vacationing for a week or two and they came from different parts of the country. I learned that I was still appealing to the ladies as they seemed to find older men attractive. Most of them were very surprised when we were naked together and they looked at my body. There were signs of aging but I was still very solid. I still had some fire in the old stick but I also learned quickly that I could use some help.

A doctor friend of mine told me to use a penis pump and take a Viagra pill before sex. At first I was skeptical but then one night I performed like I had when I was younger. Oh I didn't have the massive cum shots of youth but I stayed hard long enough to satisfy and even wear down my partner. Previously I laughed at the commercials that said if you experience an erection for longer than four hours call a doctor. I always thought that if I had an erection that lasted that long that I would call the cheerleading squad. However the pump and pill worked and I was a convert.

MEETING JULIE SCHAFFER

I was skiing one Friday when I met a nice lady named Julie Schaffer. She was from Denver and she drove up Friday morning to ski for two days. I was in the lift line as a single when Julie skied up and asked if I was a single. I smiled and told her yes. We rode up on the chair together and got acquainted. By the time we reached the top we had agreed to ski together the rest of the day.

Julie was an attractive blonde, not her natural color, but her hair was silky and shiny. She was about 5'4" tall and I guessed her to weigh no more than 110 pounds. It was apparent that she had small breasts but she had a nice curvy ass. Julie was forty years old and she kept herself in very good shape. That day she was wearing a white ski jacket that ended at her waist with black ski pants. She had her hair in a black head band allowing her hair to settle on the collar of her jacket. The more I looked at Julie the more I realized that she was not a beauty but she was alluring. Her nose was a little big for her face and she had deep brown eyes which did not go with her very blonde hair. Still I found her to be a very pleasant and engaging person.

Julie was a good intermediate skier but she did not like to ski the bumps. Actually bumps on blue slopes were okay but she shied away from the double diamond blacks. I took her down some slopes in the birds of prey area that she had never skied before and she was thrilled. As we skied together I gave her tips on handling the steep Golden Eagle run and the moderate bumps on Larkspur. We skied down Centennial and 1876 and then stopped for lunch. Julie and I ate the Rendezvous restaurant which had outside dining. Another thing about being a mountain host was that I received a discount off all mountain purchases including meals.

"Walt you are amazing. You said that you are 69 years old. I think that at age 40 I am in good shape but I can hardly keep up with you," Julie said and the she let out a big sigh as she sat in the chair. Julie took off her gloves and I noticed that she was not wearing a wedding ring.

"Thanks but don't forget I ski almost every day and I use more technique than strength. I chuckle at the occasional skier that comes to Colorado and struggles for a few days with their technique which is why they fatigue so fast but once they get the hang of it they ski better and longer. The new carved skis really help," I replied.

"Yes they do. I can remember the straight skis. Where did you learn?" Julie asked.

"Believe it or not I learned in Italy in 1959 and 1960 at a resort called Roccorasso while I was stationed in Naples. I am really dating myself but I learned on wooden skis with no metal edges, cable bindings and we wore leather boots. After I was discharged I worked in New York City so I skied on the New York and Vermont mountains. It was there I learned to edge and turn on the metal and composite skis; with wooden skis you have to hop and steer," I explained.

Just then our waitress came over and took our order. Jill was our waitress and she was the typical outdoor free spirit. Jill was an excellent skier and loved to ski the cliffs and out of bounds areas. She was also as adventuresome in bed as I had spent one night with her. Jill had been pissed off at her boyfriend at that time and she went home with me. Jill was in her early 30's and she was an incredible lay. I was glad that I was using the pump and pill the night we were together.

"Hey there good to see you," Jill blurted out and then asked, "Who's your friend?"

"Hi Jill, it's good to see you too. This is Julie. She is up from Denver and we met on the lift this morning," I told Jill.

"Nice to meet you Julie, take it easy on the old man here," Jill said with a chuckle.

"He needs to take it easy on me. He's hard to keep up with on the slopes," Julie replied.

""Yeah I know there is still some fire in the old stick," Jill said with a wink of the eye.

I don't know who blushed more, Julie or I. "What are you having today? The steak sandwich special is pretty good," Jill asked.

"I'll have the grilled chicken salad," Julie ordered.

"Make it two," I added.

Jill smiled and took the order and then she moved quickly to the place it. I watched as she weaved her way through the maze of tables with her shapely firm ass on display. I thought back quickly to the night that my cock was buried in that beautiful ass. Then I snapped out of it and looked at Julie who was smiling as if she was reading my mind.

"So, you heard my story on the chair lift rides. Tell me something about you," I requested.

"Well I work in Denver out of my home for a virtual computer consulting company. I love to ski and the freedom of my job let's me get away for long weekends. I usually only stay over Friday night and I had back Saturday evening or early Sunday morning to avoid the Denver traffic on Sunday," she told me.

"Where do you stay?" I asked.

"Usually at the Econo-lodge but sometimes at the Western," she replied and added, "It's convenient now that the gondola is operational."

"Do you always ski Beaver?" I inquired.

"No, I usually ski Vail on Fridays and Beaver on Saturdays. Vail can really get crowded on Saturdays. Sometimes I stay near Keystone and Breckenridge especially when there is a chance of snow. I don't like driving through the Vail pass when it's snowing or getting caught when the pass is closed."

"Yeah I know what you mean," I agreed.

Just then our food arrived. Julie and I ate our chicken salads and drank water with our meal. I insisted on paying for lunch since I received a discount and she reluctantly agreed. After lunch we took the Strawberry Park lift and worked our way over to Bachelor's Gulch. We spent the rest of the afternoon on the slopes in the Bachelor Gulch area and we made one stop for hot chocolate before heading back to the base mountain. We stop at McCoy's for one drink and listened to some music.

"Julie, would you like to have dinner with me this evening," I asked hopefully.

"Sure, I hate to eat alone," she accepted.

"Have you ever dined at Mirabelle?" I inquired.

"No, I haven't but I have heard that it is very good," she replied.

"It's French are you okay with that?"

"Yes, I love French food."

"Great, I'll make reservations and then I'll call you at the lodge and let you know what time. I'll pick you up about 15 minutes before our reservation."

"That sounds great. I'm looking forward to it."

Julie and I then left McCoy's and took the gondola back to Avon. When I arrived home I called Mirabelle and made reservations for 7:30 PM. Then I called Julie and let her know that I would pick her up at 7:15. I showered, shaved and got dressed for dinner. I picked Julie up at the lodge and then drove to the restaurant. Julie was wearing a pretty sweater with slacks and after-ski boots. She looked very nice and very appealing. The sweater revealed that she was indeed small breasted but the slacks emphasized her very shapely and curvy bottom. 

We had a wonderful meal accompanied by an excellent wine. The food at Mirabelle is always excellent and it is my favorite place to dine. Our waitress was French and I always requested her when I dined there. Monique greeted me in French and kissed me on both cheeks as the French always seem to do. I introduced her to Julie and then I ordered some wine. 

"Do you speak French?" Julie asked.

"Only enough to get in trouble," I joked and then told her, "Actually I speak enough French, Italian and Spanish to get by in those countries."

"Have you traveled there?"

"Yes both on business and for pleasure. I studied Spanish in school but when I went to Barcelona I studied the Castilian dialect. I was stationed in Naples when I was in the Marines so I learned Neapolitan. When I knew that I was going to be in France for almost a month, I studied French for six months before hand."

"I guess that does help," Julie remarked.

"Yes it does. I like being able to speak well enough to get around in the countries. I find that once I am there that I get more confident and comfortable with the languages. The people are also very gracious and helpful when I speak in their language and I also receive coaching from them."

Monique returned with our wine and opened it offering me a taste which I deferred to Julie. She tasted the wine and told Monique that it was excellent. Monique then poured it for both of us and then she went through the dinner specials. Julie and I ordered and enjoyed a marvelous meal. I ordered a second bottle of wine and we were both very relaxed after dinner. It was 9:30 when Julie and I left the restaurant. 

I dropped Julie off at the lodge and before she got out of the car she leaned over and kissed. It was just a little peck as a sign of appreciation. However I reached for her and kissed her back. Julie did not protest or pull away in fact she let her tongue slide into my mouth. We kissed in my SUV like a couple of teenagers and then she broke the kiss and spoke.

"I really should go inside. Thank you for a wonderful evening," she said softly.

"You're very welcome. Will I see you tomorrow on the slopes?" I asked hopefully.

"Absolutely, why don't I meet you at the base at 9:00 AM?" she offered.

"I'll see you then," I accepted.

I watched Julie get out of the car and walk into the hotel. He cute curvy ass undulated just below the ski jacket and I felt that familiar stirring in my loins. I knew that it was wishful thinking at best that I could make it with her. I drove away once Julie was safely in the hotel. I drove back home and set the alarm before going to bed. I turned on the TV and watched the Vail station in bed and there was a report of a storm possibly hitting the area over night. It was expected to stay north of Vail / Beavercreek, but there was still a remote chance of snow.

SNOWED IN 

I woke up the next morning with a raging hard-on wishing that Julie was in bed with me at that very moment. I got up took my morning piss and then made coffee. I looked out the window and saw the white blanket that covered the roads and the vehicles parked out side. It was still snowing and it was impossible to see the mountain. I turned on the TV and watched the Vail channel weather report. The valley had gotten 22" of snow over night and more was expected. The Vail pass was already closed and I knew that a lot of people coming up from Denver would be pissed off. Also those people who normally checked out of their rooms and timeshares to travel to Denver Airport would not be happy.

I made breakfast for my self and continued watching the Vail station. For those of us who lived in the area the snow was a welcome sight. I would have a chance to ski fresh powder that day. After breakfast I got dressed and then headed over to the lodge to pick up Julie. I had a garage to park my SUV in so I did not have to mess with cleaning off the snow. When I arrived at the lodge I saw that all the vehicles were completely snow covered and I wondered how many people would remember where they parked their car. Julie was in the lobby with her skis and her luggage waiting when I got there.

"Hi, I 'm wondering if I should ski today or get an early start home," she said nervously.

"Well you might as well ski for awhile. The Vail pass is closed and will be for quite some time," I told her.

She shrugged her shoulders and said, "Yeah I guess I might as well."

"Let's put your bags in my car and I'll park on the mountain today. We can clean off your car later when we're done skiing," I suggested.

"Sounds like a plan," she replied soundly more relaxed then.

I loaded up the car and we drove up the mountain and parked in the garage. Then we headed for the slopes and picked up a grooming report. "It doesn't get much better than this for skiers," I offered.

"I'm not much of a powder skier," Julie admitted.

"Not to worry, we'll ski some slopes that are partially groomed where we can duck in and out of the powder. I'll teach you how to handle the deeper stuff," I told her.

I looked at the grooming report and planned our morning of skiing. I located the slopes that were partially groomed and the tow of us skied until Julie asked to take a break. I had taught her how to handle the powder and how to get up in when she fell. She had a blast but it was clear that the powder skiing tired her out. We took it easy after our hot chocolate break and skied the groomed slopes. 

We stopped mid mountain for lunch and took a long break. It was still snowing when we stopped and I checked the weather report. Beaver and Vail would get about 28" by the time the snow stopped. The Vail pass would open soon but only for those vehicles with chains on the tires. Julie was upset that she would not be able to drive home that evening and worse yet it would be unlikely that she could get a room. 

"Julie you can crash at my place tonight and head back to Denver in the morning. The pass should be open then and it will be much safer. I have two bedrooms and two baths so you will have your privacy," I offered.

"I don't know. Let me think about it," she replied skeptically.

"Come on, I'm not going to bite you," I said but thinking that was exactly what I would like to do, bite her on her cute ass and then I said, "I'll make an Italian meal for us."

Julie smiled and said, "You're making and offer that is tough to refuse."

"Nothing personal, just business," I replied with a mock Italian accent.

We both laughed and she accepted. "Come on let's get some more skiing in. It's like having a private mountain today," I said and we headed back out.

Julie and I skied until about 3:00 PM and she was exhausted. I then drove back down the mountain and back to the lodge where her car was parked. She remembered about where she parked and thankfully many cars had either left the lot or they had been cleared of snow. We brushed the snow off license plates until we found her car. I cleaned off her car while she got in and ran the motor. Minutes later Julie was following me back to my condo. I told her to park in my garage so that the car would be clean and warm in the morning when she left. She was extremely grateful for that consideration.

I put her skis in her car and then I park my SUV in a visitor spot. I carried Julie's suitcase up the stairs to my condo and once inside I showed her to the guest bedroom. "I'm going to open some wine and get dinner started," I told her. 

"I'm going to lie down for a few minutes," she told me.

I opened the wine and brought a glass into Julie and found her already asleep still fully clothed. I left the room and closed the door taking her wine with me. Then I prepared dinner. It took about an hour before dinner was ready and I left it simmering on the stove as I changed clothes. I put on a Beavercreek sweatshirt and a pair of fleece lounge pants. I then got the fire started and just sat down with a glass of wine when Julie entered the room. She had changed into a comfy lounge outfit and she smile at me when she approached the sofa.

"You look comfy," she said almost sexily.

:"So do you, let me get you a glass of wine

Julie sat in the corner of the sofa and curled her legs under her. I handed her the wine and she raised her glass in a toast. I returned the gesture and sat at the opposite end of the sofa.

Julie sighed and spoke softly, "The fire is wonderful, the wine is excellent and dinner smells delicious. You are spoiling me."

"I aim to please," I replied.

"You do a good job."

"We can eat whenever you're ready, no rush," I offered.

"Thanks, I am so cozy right now that I'll wait a few minutes," she sighed.

Julie and I relaxed in front of the fire and before we knew it we had finished one bottle of wine. I opened another bottle and Julie was then ready for dinner. I served the meal and poured more wine. Julie enjoyed my Italian cooking and then after dinner she helped me put away the food and wash the pots, pans and dishes. It was almost 8:00 PM at that point and after having another glass of wine on the sofa Julie excused herself to use the bathroom and put on her sleep wear. At that moment I went into my bedroom and popped a Viagra pill and pump up my penis. I knew it was a stretch that anything would happen but I wanted to be prepared in case it did.
