 We left it at that for the night, but, as you can imagine, the subject arose frequently during the next week, and it certainly contributed to some interesting fantasies in which Marianne played a major role. Actually, our regular lives were a bit humdrum - teaching history to a bunch of teenagers isn't exactly scintillating, and kids in fourth and fifth grade can be mind-numbing. Thoughts of illicit sex are a bit more energizing! Consequently, when Jan invited Marianne over for dinner Saturday night, our thoughts were not completely on hospitality!

Dinner was good and the company pleasant, but there was an air of expectancy throughout the evening. We talked about school problems, they exchanged some tidbits of gossip, and we watched a couple of sit-coms until we had postponed the main event long enough. Jan casually raised the question of going into the Jacuzzi which, of course was answered with a unanimous "yes!" At that point, Jan raised the issue of clothing, addressing Marianne when I, not coincidently, was out of the room.

"You know that we don't wear suits when we're in the water alone. You certainly have seen me naked quite a few times now and you saw Jeff for a short time last Saturday night. Could you, or do you want to, go in nude tonight? Unless you are uncomfortable with me starting out naked, I'd like to not wear a suit. Jeff feels the same way. It's up to you, but it's very nice not to be covered when you're in the water."

"Jan, I just don't know. I'm afraid I'd be too embarrassed! It seems natural for you to be nude and you know I like you that way and I wouldn't mind at all about Jeff." Blushing, "I certainly didn't mind last week. I'd just feel too exposed. I know it's silly after all we've done...but...but I'd feel funny with Jeff seeing me."

"Ok, I'll tell you what we can do. Jeff can go down first and get in. We'll come down in our robes and I'll have him look away until we get under the water. He can then dim the lights and you'll be hidden and still get the feeling of having no suit on under the water. We could get out the same way if you want. Would that work?"

"Damn, I feel so silly! The truth is, no man, other than Bryan, has ever seen me completely naked, but I don't think it should matter - but somehow it does! I even see a woman doctor. I admire how open you are and I feel so prudish. Oh, all right, we'll try the way you said. Another thing, Jan. I feel ...well, I feel awkward when the three of us in the Jacuzzi - like I'm in the way. Last time I just got carried away and joined in just the way I did when Bryan was here, but, afterwards I was embarrassed for having butted in on the two of you. Also, should you and I do anything when Jeff is with us? You said that he approves of us being together, but I'm afraid that he might be uncomfortable seeing us...oh, I don't know...well, doing things..." 

Jan said that at that point she had all she could do to keep from laughing - which might have humiliated Marianne who was honestly afraid that she might be causing a problem. "Marianne, honey, you are being absurd! Evidently you think that it is ok for you to join in while your husband feels and fucks me, but you'll be in the way if my own husband has me. Did we act as if you were butting in last time? Forget it! We both thought that you made the whole thing more exciting. Also, Jeff has absolutely no problem with seeing us together - making out I guess it would be called. In fact, I'm sure that he would enjoy watching us in bed! Look, here's the situation. You are more than welcome to join in - do anything or nothing - it's completely up to you. Whatever you're comfortable with!"

"Well that makes me feel better. Now, all I have to deal with is being naked in the water with Jeff there!"

As arranged, I went down to the Jacuzzi first, sans bathing suit, turned everything on and waited for the women. They appeared, wearing robes, and I assumed, correctly, nothing else. I promptly turned away although I'll admit that I cheated a bit and caught a glimpse of Marianne's naked body as she climbed over the rim. I was pleasantly aware from that quick glance that Jan's favorable appraisal had been accurate and Marianne had been hiding a very nice figure under her less than flattering clothes. As soon as they were seated and respectably covered by the water, I dimmed the lights and turned directly toward them.

As the last two times, they were seated side by side, Marianne in Bryan's seat. I had moved over to Doug's usual seat so I was beside Jan but at right angles to her. It was very pleasant sitting there quietly in the relaxing water, having an interesting, but inconsequential, conversation All of us, I'm sure, were enjoying the tranquil and peaceful period while knowing that it was merely the prelude to a far more intense and heated event.

Actually, that new event began considerably before I was even aware of it. As Jan described it later, action between the two of them began almost as soon as the lights went down. Just as she had with Bryan, she put her right leg up over Marianne's knees, opening the way to her cunt, a path which Marianne's hand soon followed. This was done quietly and unperceptively, and, as with Bryan, nothing was visible on the surface. At the same time, Jan slid her hand down beside her own leg, found Marianne's crotch and worked her fingers against her clit. The two of them sat there, playing with each other while the desultory conversation went on.

As the two of them continued their clandestine activity, the talking died away completely and I became aware that something was going on. That became obvious when Jan straightened up, turned to Marianne and they began kissing intensely while each felt and squeezed the other's tits. The kissing became more passionate and their fingers seemed to be moving more frantically as their excitement grew. I couldn't really see too clearly in the dim lights, but both women were sitting up straight, putting their tits at the water line, so I could make out the clutching and squeezing going on. This went on for some time and, I'll admit, that I was eager to get in on the action. When Jan turned toward Marianne, she had left room in her seat and I just slid over and lifted her onto my lap, rotating her until she was straddling my legs.

I pulled her back against me, my cock up tight against her hips, my hands clasping her tits. Her legs were open over my knees and I felt Marianne's hand trying to worm its way to her cunt, so I parted my legs, giving her room to get in. Obviously it worked for, later, Jan told me that she was being actively finger-fucked as she moved against me. For me, there was something else - as Marianne moved her hand over into Jan's cunt, the back of that hand occasionally ran over my balls, a totally unexpected development. I lifted Jan a bit higher and pulled her tighter to me, increasing that contact, and making my cock more rigid than ever.

I quickly swung Jan around so that she was facing me, her legs outside of mine, her tits against me and my cock rubbing on her stomach. Marianne did as she had the last time, playing with Jan's cunt with one hand while reaching around and gripping a tit with the other. In that position, contact with my balls was even more frequent and, a few times, it actually felt that it might have been deliberate. Needless to say, I was quite aroused and I was on the verge of raising Jan up to put my cock into her when she facetiously said, "There's something very hard poking at my stomach! I wonder what it can be?" Then, to my complete surprise, she pulled away and stood up, dislodging Marianne's hands from between her legs and off of her tit.

Then, even more startling, she pulled Marianne up, pushed her onto my legs, straddling them, urging her forward, saying, "See if you can figure out what it is, honey!" Suddenly, my cock was against a different stomach and different tits were against my chest. I honestly don't know what was going through my mind at that moment - I think it was numb which didn't prevent a surge of adrenalin going through me. I was all ready to fuck Jan and now I had the wild experience of having another woman replacing her. In addition, Jan immediately began massaging Marianne's cunt and paying particular attention to my balls!

I heard a gasp from Marianne when Jan moved her, undoubtedly even more shocked than I at the unbelievable change in position. Before she even had a chance to react she was firmly against me. Normally, she might have attempted to pull back, but she was already highly aroused by her sexual activity with Jan. Suddenly, she was against me, my cock was rubbing against her stomach and Jan's hand was working between her legs. She was genuinely stunned, incapable of any rational thought. Later, she would be astounded by the train of events, but right then she was just dazed and went with the flow - with Jan as mistress of ceremonies.

We stayed in that position for a brief period - I have no idea how long - when our activities director pushed her hands between us and, grasping her breasts, began lifting Marianne upward. I had already started doing the same thing and, quite quickly, she was high enough that my cock was free and pointed upward toward her now open cunt. By that time, my mind had cleared enough that I was - actually we were - aware of what was going to happen. Marianne probably was still a bit dazed by the sudden development, but she admitted later, reluctantly at first, that she knew that she was going to be fucked. When thinking about her relationship with Jan in the last month, she had pretty much accepted that it might happen, but it was just a "sometime" possibility - but sometime was here.

I would have liked to have had that experience happen in slow motion so that I could have relished the feeling as my cock penetrated Marianne. As I lowered her down, Jan actually held my cock upright and directed it into her, and kept her fingers around it as she sank down. There was no hesitancy, for she was very well lubricated and, shortly, she was sitting on me with the cock completely embedded in her vagina! The only thing that Marianne said throughout was a drawn out "Ohooo" as it went in and a continual "Unh...unh...unh." as she went up and down. It was a mutual - actually three-way - fucking as I surged upward into her and she matched my efforts with her own wild excitement. Jan was an active participant used Marianne's tits as handles to help with the march toward orgasm.

Marianne was moving frenetically, writhing around, grinding against me, gasping for breath as she finally climaxed. I followed soon after, holding her down by the hips as I welded myself up against her cunt, ejaculating deep inside her. Jan admitted afterwards that as the climax approached, she had the fingers of one hand pulling against her own clit, her hips flexing back and forth, as she matched Marianne's orgasm. It was a moment to remember - and then we just flopped against each other - sated, breathless and out of energy!

It took a while to recover, not only to get our breaths back and lower our heartbeats, but also to encompass the reality of what we had just done. It was a major step for all of us, but particularly for Marianne. Jan and I had speculated as to whether I would be able to get into her and, with Jan's help, I had done so. For Marianne, though it was all shockingly new. No man had ever even seen her naked, and now she not only had been naked, she had been fucked. Again, adultery. Surprisingly, the idea of "sin" didn't really bother her and, as I said before, she had thought, theoretically, of having intercourse with me, but, that was imagination - this was real!

Of course, we did recover, but we had a lot to think about and to absorb. As we sat up, I think the new reality hit us and there was silence as we wondered what to say. Marianne was still sitting on me with my shrunken cock still in her, my hands still on her hips. We looked at each other, both very aware of a totally new relationship between us. After thirty seconds or so of looking at each other silently, I brought my hand up around her, drew her to me and kissed her very hard. She responded immediately, and when we finally broke away, most of the strangeness between us was gone and we accepted the new reality and were pleased with it. Jan was right there and kissed us both, confirming, I guess, that we were now a threesome.

It was fascinating as we prepared to get out. As I turned the lights up, Marianne's was in the act of climbing over the rim, legs wide open. Her instinctive reaction was to try to cover herself, something that she couldn't do, of course. Even when she was out, she quickly reached for her towel and held it in front of her. Then embarrassed - at both her exposure and her reaction - she blushed profusely, saying, "I guess there's not much point in that, is there? Now, I know how Jan felt!" With that, she just let the towel fall away, revealing the surprisingly pretty, well-shaped breasts that Jan had described and the very feminine triangle of pubic hair at the base of her stomach.

I couldn't help but think about how another person's clothes and outlook can give one a completely incorrect impression of that person. Marianne's conservative manner of dress and her apparent lack of interest in sex had led us to pigeon-hole her as a nice, very pleasant woman with no sex-appeal. Our recent activities and required a complete revaluation. The body was there and, with her interest in sex revived, I could feel a tremor in my cock, even after the very recent explosion. I had a feeling that this was going to be a very exciting relationship!

We three stood there naked, drying off, and, after Marianne's initial hesitation, completely at ease with each other. They left, talking quietly, while I closed the Jacuzzi and they were in the guest room for some time, almost forty-five minutes, before they came up together, Jan still in her robe, of course, but Marianne wearing her nightgown. Jan changed into her nightgown immediately and the three of us sat at the table, having a snack after our vigorous exercise. I don't have a recollection of what we talked about, but it didn't matter anyway. It was more of a bonding session, a time of cementing that sense of togetherness, of companionship, that we had felt after the Jacuzzi. We were very relaxed and comfortable with each other with absolutely no sexual tension. When we decided to turn in, I held Marianne and kissed her goodnight while fondling and squeezing her breast as I did so. Jan did the same thing.

Of course, as soon as Jan and I were alone in the bedroom, we began to discuss and dissect the amazing events of the evening. Much of what happened was totally unexpected by me and Jan was largely responsible. I had expected things to progress as they had last time with me fucking her. The most that we had talked about was that I might well get to see Marianne nude, but nothing more. So, my first question was, "What on earth caused you to push Marianne into going all the way? Understand, I'm not complaining, but that certainly was not the plan!"

"I know, but something, and I don't know what, told me that the time was right. We had talked about you getting into her and, when we were playing with each other, I could tell that she was really hot. Her pussy was very wet - and not from the water - and, when I was on your legs, she was really almost in a frenzy as she was working on me. She had been that way before, but she just seemed more eager, somehow. It was just instinct - or maybe I just wanted it - I don't know. Anyway, it worked out perfectly. You fucked her and she loved it. That's a main reason that I went in with her. I wanted to be certain that when she calmed down she would still be happy, and she most certainly is.

"She was really shocked when I put her on your knees but she knew exactly what was happening once she was there. She hugged me and said, 'Oh, Jan, Jeff fucked me! Now we've each been fucked by the other's husband and we've had each other! I never dreamed of such a thing, but I love it!' She went on like that, but, it seems silly, the only thing that seemed to cause her to hesitate, and blush, was when she said, 'And Jeff saw me naked - I wonder what he thought? I'm...I'm...I'm not sexy like you!' She said that I'm little and cute and she was afraid that you wouldn't think that she was attractive. Of course, I assured her that she is quite sexy when she's nude and that I'm absolutely certain that you are really excited about having seen her. Somehow, I think that that is as important to her as you having fucked her! We have to improve her self-image."

"Well, I will have no problem in doing that! She's right, you are little and cute, but I really liked seeing her body as we dried off. I have every intention of letting her know that I admire it, both in words and action. Now, how do you feel about all of this? Any qualms about me fucking her or continuing with her?"

"Gods, no! I really enjoyed helping you get into her - in fact, I held your cock and actually felt it going into her hole. I could feel her pussy lips as you went in! That was exciting! This whole ...what is it...a group affair? In any case, I love everything about it. I love having sex with her myself! I love you fucking me and fucking her! And I love the relationship and I'm looking forward to the three of us being in bed together!

That occurred one week later, and without prior planning. Marianne was over that Saturday night, as had become the usual situation. Jan and I hadn't talked about it specifically, but there just was a basic assumption that we would end up in the Jacuzzi and have sex. We both looked forward to that and we assumed that Marianne expected that also. Marianne and Jan saw each other every day in school and ate lunch together. However, they deliberately avoided discussing their new relationship or to show any increased affection toward each other. Perhaps they were a bit paranoid in that, but people notice things, and small towns, where everyone knows each other, are awash with suspicion, rumors, gossip, etc.

In any case, later in the evening, I simply asked, "Is everyone ready to go into the Jacuzzi," I anticipated an immediate ok. Marianne threw us a curve, "I'm really sorry, but I can't go into the water tonight." Looking at Jan, she continued, "Remember, I had that ingrown toenail on my big toe fixed on Thursday, and I have to keep it dry over the weekend."

"Oh, damn, I completely forgot that! And there's no way that we could cover that enough to protect it in the Jacuzzi. Damn!"

There was instant deflation. While Jan and I liked Marianne for herself, there is no denying that having sex with her had been our dominant goal of the evening. Marianne, of course, had known of the problem and had assumed that Jan recognized it too. We just sat there, glum expressions all around. Finally, the deadly silence was broken by Jan simply saying, "Well, if we can't go into the water, why don't we just go in on the bed?"

Now, that might sound like the obvious solution - and, of course, it was. However, there is a major psychological difference between going into the Jacuzzi and just having things develop - presumably without overt planning - and just getting into bed together for the purpose of having sex! When Marianne had asked Jan, "Do you want to go up to the bedroom," there was no mistaking what the question meant. It was a momentous decision and, obviously, she said yes. Now, Marianne, faced with the same choice made that same decision and any pretense of just being an innocent woman who had been carried away in the Jacuzzi was banished.

With no real hesitancy, just a bit of embarrassment shown by a significant blush, she simply said "Ok." Then after a moment, "I'll...I'll have to go downstairs for a minute. I'll be right back." She was gone downstairs for considerably longer than a minute, but, of course she did come back, coming into the bedroom wearing her nightgown. Jan had made the same preparations and she, too, was wearing a nightgown, wanting to make the things less stressful for Marianne. There is always a period of awkwardness the first time you are in a situation like this. As Marianne admitted later, coming up the stairs and walking down the hall to the bedroom to have sex with us was very hard. She wanted to it, was going to do it...but it was hard!
