 I was looking at boring shit on my laptop when I heard the front door slam, 

'Great!' I thought. 'This means that my wife Sarah and her friend Jade have gone shopping. Now I can watch some good stuff.'

It was the work of moments to download my favourite porn site and have my rapidly hardening cock in hand. On screen two luscious lovelies were paying lip service to each others pussies.

So engrossed was I that I nearly jumped out of my skin when from behind me Jade's voice said "Hi Jeff."

Instant panic reigned as I simultaneously tried to pack my cock away and change sites. All of which ended in a yelp as I settled for slamming down the lid of my laptop and catching my foreskin in my zipper.

"I-I thought you'd gone shopping with Sarah." I stammered.

"No Sarah's not shopping today. She's going to the gym then on to the swimming baths before visiting the beautician to have her Brazilian freshened."

"Oh God I'd forgotten. It's Wednesday. Gym swim and quim day." I replied.

Jade giggled. She came across the room and sat in a swivel chair to the right of my desk and swung around to face me.

A brief description of Jade. She is a divorcee and she is hot.

You want to know more? Well O.K. Really really hot.

I'm not a tit man but Jade's tits were not designed to ignore. so full and firm that she never needed to wear a bra. As I to prove the point, excuse the pun, I could see her nipples pressing against the fabric of her white button down shirt as she crossed her legs causing her mini skirt to ride up. 

I am a leg man. Don't get me started on Jade's legs. Just about every fantasy I ever have involve Jade's legs. I fondly imagine them firmly wrapped around every part of my anatomy. Jade's legs would be my number one choice in ear muffs.

Right now there was a knowing smirk on her face as she flicked her short fair hair back from her face and said. "Why don't you go back to what you were doing?"

"I-I-I wasn't doing anything." I stuttered.

"Bullshit." she replied. "I was standing behind you for 3 or 4 minutes before I spoke."

"Uh-oh." I groaned. "So you sprung me."

"Yup." The smirk widened into a cheeky grin as she continued. "I didn't know that you could get hot porn like that online. I've only found soft core stuff. Come on Jeff show me how to get into that site."

"I er I dunno Jade. I er I just found it by accident." 

Now that didn't even begin to sound convincing to me. Jade's reply indicated that she wasn't all that convinced either.

"I'll tell you what Jeff either you accidentally find it again or I'll tell Sarah that I caught you wanking."

Now I'm not saying that Sarah is prudish. and I'm not saying what I'd be in if she found out that her friend had caught me exercising Cyclops, but I can tell you that it would be deep, brown and smelly.

"Well O.K. But I want you to know that I'm doing it under sufferance." I said.

"You didn't look as if you were suffering earlier so get on with it."

I swung the laptop around so that we could both see the screen then with a few taps on the keyboard in a matter of seconds the two luscious lovelies were once again at it lickety split. 

Within a few minutes Jade's breathing had quickened. I glanced at her then said.

"You're finding this quite stimulating aren't you."

"How do you know?" She asked.

"Tell tale tits."

She looked down to where her nipples were setting up camp in her shirt.

"Ah yes." She replied. "The girls have a mind of their own. But does this site only have lesbian sex?" 

"Good lord no." I tapped the keyboard a few times again then up came a list of thousands. Sex from A to Z. Including Amateur Anal Blonde Brunette and Group sex down to Swingers Students Voyeurs and Wet pussies.

Shagging in every form imaginable being performed by every race colour and creed on the planet.

"There you go." I said. "Take your pick."

Jade's eyes widened. "Wow! "she exclaimed then spent the next couple of minutes studying the list before saying "How about foursomes?" 

"Right." I mouse clicked on Foursomes and up came another list, this time accompanied by lascivious photos of what was on offer. 

Once again Jade studied the form before stabbing her finger at one of the offerings.

"How about this one?"

Firstly I checked the mouse to ensure that it didn't have an erection then clicked and a movie of about thirty minutes duration commenced.

One thing about porn is that it gets to the point. The cast of four consisted of two blonde big breasted clones and two males, Horace Horsecock and Bertie Ballbag.

"Jeepers get a load of the cocks on those guys." Jade gasped.

"Let's get one thing clear. Nobody in this movie was chosen for their acting ability." I replied.

By this time the action was warming up and the entire cast was naked clutching at each others bits and pieces whilst squirming. 

I looked over at Jade, who was flushed and beginning to breathe heavily. "If this continues I'll have to take matters in hand." I said.

"Don't let me stop you." Jade's voice had turned husky.

As Cyclops made his second appearance for the day Jade's attention was switching between the screen and my freshly revealed purple snot rocket. Her breasts were visibly heaving and a line of perspiration had formed on her top lip.

"Mind if I join you?" she asked.

"Be my guest."

She hiked her skirt up. I could see that the gusset of her pale blue panties was already showing signs of being damp. Then to my disappointment she slid her hand under the waistband of her panties. Shortly thereafter I could see her fingers moving in the area where her clit was located. Suddenly Jade had become a whole lot more interesting than the porn movie.

On-screen one of the clones was unhinging her lower jaw in an attempt to accommodate Horace Horsecock. Somehow she succeeded then continued to swallow the whole lot. I waited for the camera to swing around behind her to see if the tip of it was poking out of her arse.

Opposite me Jade's fingers were frantic. Also she had undone her shirt buttons so that for the first time I saw her boobs in their full glory. To my pleasure a light sprinkling of pale freckles were scattered across the top of them. Her nipples were surprisingly quite small yet well pronounced. I suddenly discovered that I might be a tit man after all.

On-screen the other clone was performing a similar service for Bertie Ballbag, her cheeks were bulging like a chipmunk's and for the same reason. They were full of nuts. But what was happening on my computer was no match for the sheer raunchiness that Jade was displaying. Her boobs jiggled like a jellies on springs, her legs were splayed apart and jerking as she strummed her clit inside her panties.

"Hey. "I said. "This is not fair."

"How come?"

"Because you are getting off from watching my cock. And all that I can see is your panties"

"Well that's easily fixed." With that she hooked her thumbs into the waistband then to the soft susurration of sliding undies her panties were on the floor at her feet. Thereby displaying the hottest pussy I had ever seen. It was shaven, {Is there such a word as 'Braziliand'?} Even with her legs wide apart her lips were still pouted and moist from her juices. At the top a very aroused clitoris peeked through.

On-screen the producers were proving that they could not count four because the existing cast had been joined by Percy Longprong who had also not graduated from R.A.D.A. But was never-the-less well equipped for his role which consisted of servicing any orifice not currently occupied by Horace Horsecock or Bertie Ballbag. Thus the foursome became a moresome.

Not that either Jade nor I were paying much attention. She had her eyes fastened on me as my Cyclopean eye wept pre-cum Whilst I stared in fascination as she franticly polished her cockpit.

It was at this point that Jade proved that she was an intellectual thinking woman.

"Wanna swap jobs?" she asked.

Did I! Without even replying I swung my chair around beside hers and was soon furiously fingerbating her cockpit. Showing that I could find her clitoris almost as easily as finding my way to the pub. Whilst Jade was proving that her Cyclopean oscillation skills were every bit as good and a lot more exciting than mine.

Meanwhile on-screen. Aagghh who gives a fuck?

My fingers were coated with Jade's juices so there was no need for me to lick them to lubricate her clit. But I licked them anyway so that I could taste her. I dunno why they call it 'Honey.' because it doesn't taste remotely like honey. But it is a taste that I love and will never tire of. 

Well O.K. The second tasting was a bit like honey.

Jade short circuited the finger licking bit. I've got to tell you that this girl could suck the chrome off a Harley Davidson exhaust pipe. I could feel the top of my head caving in.

Of course it wasn't long before ol' Cyclops was tucked away in her serpent socket and a nice snug fit it was. But it was as we lay side by side in the after glow of an incredible mutual orgasm that she really blew me away when she said.

"That was bloody incredible Jeff. I think I'll ask Sarah if you can join in with us next time."