 I hung up my cell phone, shaking my head at my little sister, Amber. She approaches just about everything in her life with the energy and enthusiasm typical of her 18 years, even if it was just a phone call to her brother. This time, she needed a favor-- a ride to a concert for her and a couple of her friends the next night. After allowing her an appropriate amount of begging, I conceded. Although a few years younger than I am, her friends were pretty hot and I didn't really have other plans. Plus Amber had an extra ticket she was willing to give me to buy me off, so I figured, why not?

I cleaned out my car the next day so that the girls would be able to sit comfortably in the back seat. Remembering that Amber had 4 best friends, I wondered how they would all 5 fit in my little car with me, but I figured that with their slender figures they'd have no problem. 

At 6:30 that night, I heard a knock on my apartment door and yelled for them to come in. From my back bedroom I could hear the swarm of girls enter my place, filling it with their excited chatter and giggles. I heard heavy footsteps come down the hallway and turned to see my dad walk in my bedroom door. He ran his fingers through his graying hair and sighed, rolling his eyes and laughing. 

"You're in for a hell of a night, son." He said to me, "Are you sure you can handle them all? They're in a frenzy. Likely to stomp over anyone to get to that guitarist or drummer, whichever one they like."

I laughed, shaking my head. "Yeah, but the band's decent, and I get to go for free. It won't be so bad once we're there."

"Okay, then, son. Have fun, and thanks again for going with them and letting them stay over. I'm glad they have a chaperone for this one."

I reached over to pat him on the back, saying, "Not a problem, Dad. See you later."

He nodded and walked out. I heard him say goodbye to Amber as he walked out. After tying my shoe laces, I walked out into my living room to see the group of them standing there, decked out for the show.

They went mostly quiet when they saw me, politely nodding and smiling, but it was Amber who broke the silence. "Uh, Dave, you're not going to wear that, are you?" I could feel all of their eyes looking me over and I looked down at my clothes.

"It's not that bad. This is what I wore today."

"Well, okay, but that's not concert clothes." The other girls nodded in approval.

One of her friends, a brunette with long legs named Jade, made eye contact with me that held my gaze for a while, then with half of a secretive grin said, "I think we can do better than that. Girls?" She walked down the hallway, past the spare room and toward my room. The other girls followed, with Amber pushing me along behind them. 

When I got to my bedroom, two of the girls were rifling through my closet as the other two sat on my bed. Amber joined the two girls on the bed as Jade started holding up shirts in front of me, finally settling on a short-sleeved, black button-up shirt. The other girl grabbed a pair of dark denim jeans and handed those to Jade. 

"Okay, strip." Jade said, the tone of her voice offering no room for objection and the shape of her mouth never straying from that little grin. 

I paused for a moment and Jade arched an eyebrow that dared me to disagree, but I just sighed then pulled my t-shirt over my head and dropped it on the ground, glad that I hadn't given up my workout routine. The girls on the bed giggled as I pulled on the black shirt and did up the buttons. 

"The pants, too." Jade said, which elicited even more giggles from my audience. Sighing, I shrugged and undid the button and zipper on my pants while kicking out of my shoes. Jade never broke eye contact with me, her mouth in the grin that was starting to drive me crazy. I wanted to ask her what made her smile like that, wanted to make her tell me why her eyes were glued to mine.

Stepping out of my pants left me in only my black shirt and black boxer briefs in front of a room full of attractive girls, which was quite a thrill. I stuck out my hand to grab the jeans from Jade. She reached her hand out toward mine, extending the jeans to me but not letting them go as her eyes flickered briefly down to my crotch. I knew I was half-hard, but I couldn't do anything about it. The other girls seemed to not notice, though. 

When she realized I saw her looking, she quickly handed me the jeans and looked away. I stepped into my jeans, zipping and buttoning them. 

"Okay, girls, which shoes then? Since I'm apparently your Barbie doll."

"Well, technically you'd be Ken, but let's see what you have." Jade said as she looked into my closet. Bending over, she dug around in my pile of shoes and picked a black pair of shoes while giving me a great view of her full ass, the hem of her black skirt riding high. I grinned as she stood up to hand the shoes to me.

"Are you satisfied now?" I asked as I quickly put on the shoes then spread my arms and spun around, modeling their choice in my clothes. 

Jade smiled and nodded, and the girls on the bed stood up and walked out my bedroom door and back toward the front of the apartment. Jade was the last one out and as she walked by me, she ran her fingers lightly over my chest, her eyes never leaving mine. Fighting my instinct to throw her on my bed and ravage her, I gathered my wits and followed her down the hall and out the front door. 

After locking the door, I made my way to my car and climbed in the driver seat. Adjusting my rear-view mirror, I could see 4 of the girls crammed in the back, their laughter and constant talking running together until their words were indistinct. I chuckled to myself and started the car.

Amber was sitting shotgun and playing with the radio, turning up the music loud and singing along. Jade's eyes in the rear-view mirror caught mine continuously, holding my gaze for long periods of time. Working at focusing my attention to the road, I eventually got us to the neighborhood of the venue, then realized I didn't know where to go.

I asked one of the girls for directions and got conflicting instructions from the jumble of girls in the back seat. Although slightly frustrating, we did eventually make it. I luckily stumbled upon some street parking just a block away from the venue, parked, and got out of the car. 

Everyone but Jade got out on the side toward the curb, but Jade got out on my side, closing her door and leaning against it. I could feel her intense gaze on me. She ran her hand down my arm and I stopped for a second to run my fingers through her hair. 

She whispered, "Come on," to me and grabbed me by the hand, leading me around the car and to the waiting girls. She dropped my hand before any of them noticed, joining the group and picking up on the conversation as if she had been there the whole time.

We walked up the street and into the venue, waiting in line to hand them our tickets then finding our way through the crowd of people to the doors. Jade once again grabbed my hand as we wove between the groups of people, guiding me behind her. She glanced back every once in a while to smile that wicked smile at me, and I gladly followed her, afforded the opportunity to appreciate her beautiful ass as she walked. 

Her short skirt clung to her hips and only fell halfway down her smooth thighs, leaving her slim, naturally tanned legs bare beneath them and her calves shapely above black heels. Her deep green shirt perfectly matched the color of her eyes and accentuated the curve of her waist perfectly. The neckline dipped dangerously low, displaying the round tops of her perfect breasts which were supported, no doubt, by a push-up bra that put them on display. 

It was a small venue so all of the tickets were general admission, which meant that we didn't need to find assigned seats. This also meant that we could loiter in our group of six without worry of getting in trouble, and because of the crowd, that we were pushed close together. 

Jade was standing closely at my side, her body pushed slightly against mine in a way that distracted me from any conversation. I put my hand possessively on the small of her back as I saw guys admiring her choice of clothes. They could ogle any of the other girls who chose to display themselves, but I felt the need to claim Jade. 

The opening band started and the Amber and the other girls excitedly squealed and turned to face the stage. I stood behind the row of girls, listening to the music and bobbing along to it. The girls were dancing together and talking loudly in each other's ears. 

I felt fingers on my arm and glanced over to find that Jade had made her way beside me. She danced next to me, her body at an angle next to mine. Her hips were erotically swinging to the beat of the music and her pelvis lightly brushed my hip. She brought her arm up and over my neck as I turned to face her, dancing along to the beat she set with her body. 

I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer to me so that with each turn of her hips she rubbed against my thigh. Both of her arms around my neck now, she rested her head on my chest. I ran my hand down her side, tracing the outline of her breast and her waist, and stopping with my hand on her full ass. I cupped her cheek in my hand, pulling her even closer to me until she was practically straddling my thigh. 

I leaned down and kissed her collar bone then her neck, trailed kisses along her jawline until I found my way to her full lips. That grin found its way back onto her mouth as she brought her lips to meet mine. Fully erect now, I knew that she could feel my hard cock each time her pelvis rubbed against me.

"See what you do to me?" I asked, my voice husky and my breathing heavy in her ear. I nibbled her earlobe and I heard her chuckle. 

She pulled away from me and with a sly look, she danced her way over to Amber. "Amber, I'm thirsty. Come with me?" Amber looked over at Jade reluctantly, then her eyes flickered to me.

"But this is my favorite song by them. Um, just have Dave take you. Please? I'm sorry." Amber said, turning back to the stage. I grinned, and one look at Jade told me that she knew Amber would suggest I take her. I shook my head and grabbed Jade's hand, pulling her behind me and out of the crowd.

We found our way into the back where there were far fewer people crowded around, and the noise was less invasive. A shadow filled one corner that was totally devoid of people, and I led the way. Once concealed by the shadow, I pushed Jade against the wall and consumed her mouth with my own. Our tongues did a warm, tangled dance of passion as our hands explored each other. 

I cupped her breast in my hand, finding her nipple hard against my hand and pinching it through her shirt. I reached under her shirt and lifted her bra, feeling the soft, smooth skin. Heat emanated from her skin and her breathing quickened, her chest rising and falling under my hand. 

I pulled my mouth from hers and saw her pout a bit until I started kissing and licking her neck. Pulling my hand from beneath her shirt, I pulled the loose neckline and her bra down in the front until I could see her beautiful breast, small and firm. I kissed the top of it then found her hard nipple with my mouth as she grabbed my hair with her hand, guiding me. I grazed my teeth along it, feeling her sharp intake of breath before sucking it into my mouth and flicking my tongue along it.

Reaching down with one hand, Jade stroked along the length of my cock. Painfully erect and straining against the fabric of my jeans, I longed to relieve the pressure. I stopped sucking her nipple but left it exposed and reached under her skirt. My hand followed the heat waves to its source and found soaked panties blocking my way to touching her. I pulled her knee up so I could better access her center and slowly, teasingly ran my fingers along the wet material of her skimpy underwear. 

My body against hers and my fingers still teasing their way along her underwear, I kissed her panting mouth hard. She scratched her fingernails down my chest and tore her mouth from mine, pulling my head to her mouth so she could whisper in ragged syllables, "I need you, now."

I smiled and kissed her again, saying against her lips, "Yes, love. Me too. But not here. Later, I promise. For now, we better go back to the girls." She nodded, disappointed but grinning at the promise of later. I let her knee drop and covered her breast, smoothing her hair and giving her one more hard, possessive kiss. I pulled her from the wall and we made our way back to my sister and her friends.

Sometime while we were otherwise occupied, the opening bands had finished and the main event had come on stage. I went up to stand behind the other girls and Jade went to dance with them, her eyes never leaving mine for very long. I could see the desire on her face and it made me want her even more.

When the band finished up and we all filtered out of the building into the cool, night air, we found our way back to my car. We were all tired from the dancing and the heat of all those bodies pushed together and dancing along to the piercing music, but also energized by the experience. The girls were enthusiastically recalling their favorite parts of the concert, and I just grinned, my favorite part having nothing to do with the music. 

When we got to the car, I asked the girls, "Does someone else want to drive? I'm beat and don't really know my way out of here." They deliberated, finally deciding on who should drive. Amber insisted on controlling the radio still, and ended up shotgun. This left me and three girls to cram in the back. 

After unsuccessfully trying to sit all together in the back, one of the girls suggested that Jade just sit on my lap for the half hour ride home. I wanted to grin, but shrugged and said that that would be okay with me. I sat in the driver's side window seat and she crawled up onto my lap, facing the window.

"Are you comfortable?" I asked her and was rewarded with a smile. 

"Yeah, except something's poking me." She said, winking at me. I looked to see if the other girls had noticed, but with the loud music Amber was playing and the constant flow of chatter, nobody was paying attention.

With her right leg between mine and her left leg toward the window, Jade's body blocked me from the view of the other girls. Because she was sitting, her skirt had come up a considerable amount, though nobody could see but me. She saw me notice how high it was and slid the fabric up a bit higher on the inside of her thigh. 

Surprised, I could now see that she had at some point during the end of the concert removed her panties, and her trimmed pussy was now bare.  She grinned down at me and I ran my finger along her lower lips, glancing over my shoulder to make sure nobody was paying attention. She shuddered as I touched her and I could feel that she was completely wet. I slid my finger up her lips until I found her clit, then rubbed my finger in circles around it. I watched her face as I touched her, enthralled by the look of bliss on her face. 

Unable to continue with the teasing for want of being inside her, I boldly slid my middle finger into her, feeling her inner muscles slightly contract as I did so. I moved my finger in and out until she was starting to rock her hips forward slightly to meet me, then slid my index finger up with it. I heard her sharp intake of breath as I added the second finger and could tell that she was having a hard time being inconspicuous. I took my hands away from her as a look of disappointment crossed her face. 

I looked out the window to see where we were and realized we were already pulling onto my street. Jade grabbed my hand and pulled it toward her mouth, licking along my fingers until she had cleaned her juices from them, but never looking away from my eyes. I took a deep breath and steadied myself.

I leaned in to whisper to her, "Jade, love, I'm going to go to bed when we get there. Come meet me as soon as you can, okay?" She nodded and whispered, "Of course," just as we pulled into my driveway. 

I opened the door and followed Jade out of it, stretching. The other girls had quieted down themselves and were now yawning as they made their way toward the door. I unlocked the door and went inside, turning on lights as I went.

"Alright, girls. The spare bedroom has a queen that a few of you could share and there are extra blankets in the front closet. I'm heading to bed, but make yourselves at home." I said, stealing one last glance at Jade before heading to my bedroom and she smiled that smile back at me. I heard most of the girls say they were heading off to bed, but heard Jade's sweet voice say she was going to stay up and watch TV before heading to bed. 

I left my door ajar and headed to the bathroom, pulling off clothes as I went. I couldn't wait until I could get out of my constricting pants, so those were the first to go. I went and brushed my teeth before tossing my clothes in my hamper, then decided to take a quick shower. By the time I got back to my room, my lower half wrapped in a towel, I found Jade, naked, lying seductively on my bed. 

"Come here, beautiful," I said, reaching for her. She grinned and stood, walking toward me slowly. Dropping my towel, I brushed her hair back over her shoulder and looked at her, soaking in this perfect creature. Then I ran my fingers through her hair and pulled her face toward mine, enveloping her lips in mine. I sucked gently on her lower lip and nibbled it with my teeth. I wanted to taste all of her, possess all of her. 

I guided her to my bed, where she lay down on her back. Lying beside her, I kissed her again, my hands exploring the soft skin of her breast, her stomach, her thigh. Everywhere but where she wanted to be touched most. I ran my hand from her thigh to her lower stomach and back, carefully avoiding her pelvis until she squirmed from frustration, pulling my mouth hard down onto hers and grabbing my hand, putting it where she wanted it. 

I moved down her body and bent her knees up, positioning them apart so I could see the swollen, pink lips of her pussy. The warm, musky smell turned me on even more and I kissed my way up the smooth skin of her thigh until I reached her sex. I did with my lips and tongue what I had done earlier with my fingers, exploring her folds and grooves. I licked and sucked, nibbled and teased the tender skin until her moans, muscles flexing, and the rush of her fluids told me that she had reached the climax we had been building all evening. 

But I wasn't done with her yet.

I moved until I held myself above Jade, her legs wrapping instinctively around my torso. I kissed her softly before driving into her in one thrust. It felt so good to be so deep inside of her warm tunnel that for a moment I just sat there, enjoying the feeling. I pulled my dick all the way out until the tip was just barely at the her entrance, then thrust all the way in again. She moaned loudly this time, and I began to slowly move in and out.

Building up to a quick rhythm, I slid myself in and out of her with practically no friction because of the lube her body had provided. Her fingers were scratching down my back as I thrust deeper and deeper into her, slowing my speed as each thrust went a bit harder. Her moans were getting louder and, afraid of being overheard, I chuckled and shushed her.

"I can't... help... it." She said between breaths. 

"Then get on your knees for me, baby." She grinned and complied, waiting for me to pull out then turning over. Her beautiful ass raised up for me, I leaned down and ran my teeth along one cheek before grabbing her by the hips and pushing myself into her again. My thrusts were fast as I felt myself nearing an orgasm, and I pulled her hips against me with each thrust, running my hands along the perfect skin of her ass. 
