 It had been a long time coming. We had all watched him grow from a young boy into the man he was today, and he had finally turned 18. His name was Jaden and he was a hot young man. We had called him jailbait for years and he was finally legal. And it was now my time to corrupt him. Alyss was a young woman in her mid 30’s who had counted the days until this night.

Jayden had been a friend of her younger brother and she had had to go through misery waiting to have this chance meeting with the man. He was a little over 6’ tall with chiseled model looks and a body to kill for. Alyss and her friends would watch him on sports teams and in the back yard pool for hours. They would all get secretly wet as they talked about what they would do with the young man. All of her friends were happily married, but were itching to have the carefree FUCK once in a while. Since she was such good friends with Jaden she thought she would have the best chance of tutoring him on what women really want. And it turns out this is exactly what happened.

It was about five in the afternoon when she reached her parents house and ran into her younger brother.

“Hey John, (her younger brother), is Jayden coming by tonight?” She knew he would since there were only a handful of nights in the past few years that he didn’t stay. He didn’t have a great home life and spent most of his nights at John’s. Alyss also thought this was a driving force to his young body, he would take out his aggression on the weights rather than those around him.

“Yeah, he’ll be here after a while. He’s at the gym you know” John said.

Damn, I was here too early. Alyssa’s husband Jim expected her to fix dinner before he went out for the night and that would put some time constraints on how much time she would have to seduce the young lad.

“You know his b-day is tonight and we’re having a little party here for him.” He said

“No, I didn’t know that. Maybe I’ll come by later and see if you are being good” Alyssa replied.

“That’s fine, but Dad’s out of town and we have some liquor so you can’t come if your gona bust us” He stated rather emphatically.

“Hey this isn’t my house”, Alyssa said “but I’ll stay the night and make sure nobody drives away from here after drinking.” It would work out better than planned. She now had an excuse to stay from her man tonight and would probably have Jayden’s inhibitions lessened.

Just then Jayden walked in from the gym. And the sight of his rippled body had Alyssa all pumped up for her next phase of the plan. 

“Hey hottie, how are you doing on your B-day?” Alyssa said as she saw him walk into the room.

“I’m doing fine, how are you?” was his reply.

“No complaints here, I just told John I would chaperone your little party tonight and make sure nothing got out of hand.”

“Hey great. I haven’t talked to you in a while and that will give us a chance to catch up. You know I’m 18 today and I’m not jailbait anymore.” Alyssa began to blush. Did he have a felling about her plan tonight? “I know you guys always call me that. Its cool, I like the fact that I’m wanted by all you older ladies.” 

He had no idea what this was doing to her. She could feel the wetness start to build in her privates as she was talking to him. Couldn’t they smell it in the air. Since Jayden walked in she felt like her musk had gone off the radar. She loved the smell of her sex, but the boys had to know what it was. They were still young she told herself and maybe they hadn’t had the time to be acclimated to that smell yet.

“Well I’m off, I have to go home and make dinner for Jim before he goes out for the night. What time does your party start tonight?” she asked.

“Around 8 or so, but we are going to party a little before anyone else gets here." John answered.

“I’ll be back before anyone else gets here” Alyssa responded as the boys left the room.

She heard Jayden complain about how she was going to ruin everything as they walked down the hallway. This young man had no idea how the night was going to end up she thought as she grabbed her things and headed for the door.

She had exactly 3 hrs. to go home , get dinner finished, shower and get ready before she needed to be back. This wasn’t ideal time constraints and it would only give her about an hour alone with the boys before the partiers got there.

She Hurried into the house when she arrived. She was determined to get something simple started for dinner and save as much time for herself as possible. 

Just as she was finishing up with dinner Jim came out of the bedroom and headed for his plate.

“I’ve gotta eat and run tonight, the boys are waiting and I’m already late.” Jim stated as he wolfed down his meal.

“That’s fine, I’m going to run to. John is having a party for Jayden tonight and ZI want to keep tabs on him.” She replied

“God damn, you know he’s 18 and can take care of himself. You don’t have to baby-sit him every goddamned night.” He yelled. Realizing he probably wasn’t gonna get any tonight if his wife was out late.

“I’m also going to stay there tonight to make sure no one leaves drunk.” She retorted with a little contempt in her voice. Alyssa knew why he was mad and didn’t really care if he ever got any again.

“Great, I guess I don’t have any curfew tonight.” Jim sheered. Alyssa knew this meant he would go home with some young thing for the night. He had been cheating on her for a long time and she had never confronted him about it. It was just easier to leave it be than ruffle the feathers. Besides, tonight was going to be about her and she wasn’t going to let him ruin it for her.



Chapter 2…………

Now the night was really going to begin. With Jim gone she could really enjoy getting ready and wouldn’t have to explain her outfit to anyone. Thinking this she made her way up to her master suite, not wanting to wait any longer, her transformation for the night.

As she stood under the shower she thanked Jim again for not shorting her on the bathroom in this house. She sold him on the oversized shower saying they would have room to really get nasty in it, but for all his trying they had yet to have sex in there. She thought this sort of funny as she began to think of Jayden and the night ahead.

The shower had always been erotic to her. The feel of the water enveloping you like a large hand, just not willing to let go. She began to let her hands wander as she enjoyed the feeling of the water. She let her palms lightly rub her nipples as they continued to make their way up and down her body. She could feel the nipples crinkle and harden under hands at every pass. She had always been a breast person. Since she was a little girl she had always loved the way it felt when her breasts were stimulated. They were just so sensitive. They would get hard even with the slightest breeze when she was younger, and she had always loved to show them off. Tight shirts were a must and no bra was always preferred. Flaunt it if you got it she had always lived by. She definitely had it. Her breasts were a 36C and unusually perky. Even for her age they still stood up, and if you compared it to a normal woman’s breasts they looked fake they were so perky. She prided herself on the fact that they were 100% natural though. Oh how she loved to play with her breasts and nipples.

Alyssa began to let her hands explore more as she really began to relax. Down to her waist and her thighs. She liked to kind of tease herself when masturbating. She would never dive right in and begin to go hard and fast. It worked so much better and was so much more intense if she really let herself get worked up before she began to play with her pussy. She went between her thighs and tits a few times and reall let the juices begin to flow. She could feel her wetness flow down her leg despite th shower flow all around her.

She let her hand graze by her mound this time by. A slight moan left her lips as the contact happened. When her hand got to her breast she kept it there and began pinching and pulling lightly at her nipples. They were really hard now and absolutely on FIRE.

She let one hand start again for her nether region. This time leaving one hand caressing her nipples knowing the other was about to go to work down stairs. 

She could feel her clit harden in anticipation of her hand moving closer. She was so hot. The smell of her juice mingling with the shower was intoxicating. The heat radiating out of her was incredible. She knew she hadn’t been this aroused in quite some time. She let her hand fall down between her legs. Oh what heaven. It felt so nice to be touching herself in this state of arousal. She had just shaved, she loved the slickness of a shaved pussy and the sight of it just absolutely made her insides do flip-flops. Her lips were already beginning to part and she was just getting started. Putting her hand in a fist with her index finger outstretched she began to run it up and down her slit.

“Oh god Jayden she whispered as she bit her lip” She was using him as her object of desire now.

“Oh you know just what to do.” She pulled hard on her nipple. Picturing his teeth clinched upon it.

She again started to concentrate on her pussy knowing it wouldn’t take long now to reach her peak. She began to run her finger faster over her lips and folds. . Then she plunged her finger all the way in. She could feel herself contract around the finger. It felt so good to have it inside of her. She began fucking herself with it faster and faster. Then she added fingers every stroke. First one, then two, then three, and finally all four were inside. She was really losing it now. Her pussy was clamped down tight and she could hear the slurping sound it was making. Alternating pinching each nipple harder now. She was so close, oh so hot. Pinching twisting her nipples, fingering her pussy she could feel the sensation grow, she was so hot now. She let her hand fall from her nipple and grab her ass cheek. She began grabbing and pulling at her ass. Spreading her pussy wider, wider, trying to get more of her fingers inside. It felt so terrific, she let her hand and fingers grab closer to her anus. She was so close now she wanted everything in every hole she wanted to be filled to the brim. She traced her finger around her little star. She loved to be teased back there. Then she began to push a finger inside. She loved the feeling of the pressure on her sphincter. Oh it was so naughty and erotic. She couldn’t hardly stand it. The pressure kept building. On her anus on her clit on her insides. It was wonderful bliss. Then she felt the pop of her ass opening to the finger and it was too much. She barely got her finger into her ass when the orgasm hit. 

She could feel the spasms everywhere. On her insides her pussy was quivering and spasming on her fingers. On her fingers she could feel first hand what the orgasm felt like. Her sphincter was going crazy, Clinching again and again on her finger. 

“oh God, YEEEEESSSSSS, YYYYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS” she screamed. It was lasting so long, and felt so good.

It began to subside and she felt her legs come back under her. Its never been that good before she thought as she began to be able to think again. If its that hot just thinking about him, its going to be great with him actually between these legs later was the only thought in her head as she turned off the shower and began to think about what she would wear that night.

Chapter3…