 Patty and Bobby felt like intruders and out of place with all these teenagers. Everywhere they looked, all they could see were high school kids making out and sneaking feels of each other.

Finally Bobby said," Patty I've had enough of all this kid stuff; I'm going home," then he asked her," Do you want to have dinner with me tomorrow night?"

Patty replied, "Yes," and asked, "Where do you want to go?"

Bobby replied, "Anywhere you want to Jailbait, it's up to you."

They set a time and Cousin Bobby went home. 

Patty went up stairs to give the kids some privacy. She was in the bathroom in her parent's bedroom; getting ready for bed, when she heard voices, coming from the bedroom.

Patty walked to the bathroom door and looked in the room to see what was going on. She saw her kid sister Chrissie, and her boyfriend Rob lying on their parent's bed making out.

Chrissie had her arms around Rob's neck. He had one arm around her neck with his hand on her breast gently squeezing it. He was rubbing the inside of her sister's thigh with his other hand slowly working his hand up under her short skirt as they kissed passionately.

Patty wished Bobby would kiss her that way, and put his hands on her breasts. As she watched them; she felt her own breast making believe it was Bobby caressing her breast.

Patty was expecting to see her younger sister take her boyfriends hands off her breast and thigh, instead she heard her sister say," Rob Baby, we have to be quiet, I don't want my sister to hear us." 

Rob was laughing as he replied, "Honey bunny, then don't moan too loud,"

Chrissie was giggling as she replied, "What... do you think... you're going to get lucky or something?"

Patty watched as Rob pulled up her sister's top and unclipped her bra. She had a butterfly tattooed on her left breast just over her nipple. 

Patty never knew her sister had a tattoo. 

She watched, Rob licking around her sister's pink pointed taut nipples as he caressed her perky little breast. 

Patty closed her eyes and ran the tip of her finger around her areola, trying to imagine how it would feel to have Bobby licking her nipples and squeezing her tits.

Patty could hear her sisters breathing getting heavier. Then she heard Chrissie whisper, "Rob, you're getting me, so damn hot."

Patty knew she shouldn't be spying on them, but she never saw anything like this before. So Patty was glued to the spot she was standing on. Patty felt her own nipples starting to tingle. 

Patty heard her kid sister starting to moan and whisper to her lover. "Oh Baby, that feels so good. I love the things you do to me. 

Rob signed," Chrissie, you have the most beautiful tits, Ive ever seen." 

"Oh God Rob, Bite my nipple... ahhh Rob...not too hard... that's it."

Patty's eyes were locked on her sister's hand as she watched her rubbing her boy friends penis through his jeans. She saw Rob slide his hand all the way under her sister's short skirt until it was between her thighs. Chrissie jerked her hips up as Rob's hand touched her crotch. She heard her moan, "Oh GOD...Rob... Baby... that feels so good."

Rob said, "Chrissie, you're so wet, your panties are soaked."

Rob," stick your finger in me and feel how I am inside." 

Rob said." Baby, you're so freaking tight." As he started finger fucking Chrissies.

Chrissie moaned."Yess... yess... that's it, do it...just like that, Rob."

Rob said. "Oh God, Honey, I want you so bad." 

Patty watched Rob's hand bobbing up and down under her sister's skirt. Chrissie was lifting her hips up as Rob finger fucked her. She had her eyes closed, and she was breathing through her mouth moaning, "OH Baby that's it... finger me... play with my clit."

Patty watched as Rob licked around Chrissies taut pink pointed nipples, as he continued finger fucking her.

Patty's own nipples were hard and starting to tingle. She was subconsciously caressing her breasts and pinching her nipples, and she wondered how it would feel to have Bobby's hand under her skirt over her vagina...playing with her clit. 

Patty saw her little sister start shaking her head from side to side, as she jerked her hips up and down moaning, "Oh God...Rob ...I'm cumming... Rob...I'm cumming."

She looked on as Rob pulled up Chrissies short skirt and she watched her little sister arch up her hips so he could peel her panties down her legs.

Patty couldn't believe what she was seeing. Rob held up her sisters panties, then he sniffed and sucked on the crotch of Chrissie's panties,then he said,"YUMMY." As he tossed them on the floor.

Patty sucked in her breath as Rob started kissing and licking Chrissies belly. Chrissie's pussy was shaved and she had a little gold ring piercing the lips of her vagina. Her cunt was so wet her juices were running down the insides of her thighs.

Patty's pussy was getting very wet too. Without realizing it she was pinching her nipple and she had pulled up her nightgown and put her hand between her legs over her vagina. She was slowly running her finger tip around the outline of her own pussy lips teasing herself, as she watched them. 

She heard her baby sister say, "Oh God Rob, I want you to eat me, please eat me?"

Patty gasped; held her breath, and bit her lower lip as Rob got between Chrissie's legs, and started kissing, sucking and licking the insides of her little sister's tights, Chrissies was moaning, "Ahhh Yess that's it Baby."

Patty was pinching her nipple and running her finger tip between the lips her pussy. She was soaked, and her juices were running down the insides of her thighs.

Rob got between Chrissies legs and put his head between her thighs against her crotch and started rubbing his face against her little sister's cunt. Chrissie was squirming and moaning and humping up against Rob's face as he lapped up her juices and licked her clitorus. She head her sister say, "Oh GOD Rob, That's it baby... Don't stop."

Patty's finger tip was between her pussy lips now. She was running her finger tip around her clit teasing herself; torturing herself, as she fantasized about it would feel to have Bobby doing those things to her.

Patty saw Chrissie's face contort in pleasure as she grabbed Rob by his ears, and pulled his head deeper between her thighs and lock her legs around his head, as she bucked her hips up and down, whimpering, "Oh God Rob Baby, I'm Cumming again. Aaaaah shit Baby that was so fucking good. Now it's your turn."

Patty was close to cumming herself, but she didn't want to cum yet. She was enjoying the wonderful wicked sensations she was feeling as she played with self, and she wanted to see what was going to happen next. 

Rob crawled back off the end of the bed and stood up. Chrissie slide down to the end of the bed and ended up with Rob standing between her legs. 

She watched Chrissie open her boyfriend's jeans and pulled them down. She saw his cock spring straight out. Patty's breath caught in her throat as she saw her sister take his cock into her hand and kiss the head of his dick. 

Patty couldn't believe her eyes as Chrissie flicked the tip of her tongue across and around the knob of his penis. Patty's mouth watered as she saw her little sister lick up and down the shaft of Rob's dick and kiss his balls. 

Patty bit her lower lip as Rob penis disappeared into her baby sister's mouth. She couldn't believe what she was seeing, then she heard the slurping sucking sounds her kid sister was making as she sucked on her boyfriends dick

Patty watched Rob push her sister's head off his dick His cock was glistening with her spit and drool. She heard him say, "Baby, I've got to stick it in you."

Chrissie said, "Hurry up baby, I want to feel you in me." 

Patty watched Chrissie crawl up into the middle of the bed. She looked on as Rob pulled off his jeans and sneakers and get between her wide open legs. She saw Chrissie arched up her back as Rob pushed his dick into her little sister. As Rob's cock disappeared inside her sister's pussy, she heard Chrissie moaned. "Oh God Rob, that feels so good, do it to me..."

Patty watched Rob slamming his cock in and out of her sister while she flicked her own clit. Chrissie drew her knees up by her breast and begged him, "Rob, do it harder, fuck me harder baby."

Patty could hear Rob grunting as he fucked her little sister, she heard her baby sister whisper;" Oh Rob every time we do it, it gets better."

Rob and Chrissie weren't aware of the sloppy sloshing sounds they were making as Rob plunged his cock in and out of Chrissie's wet cunt. 

They didn't notice the sounds from the bed springs squeaking or the head board tapping against the wall.

They didn't hear the sounds of Patty's rapid breathing either as she masturbated fantasizing about how it would feel to have her cousin Bobby making love to her... fucking her...like Rob was doing to her baby sister. 

Chrissie groaned, "Oh God Rob, you're so big, Ooooh... God Baby... faster... I'm going to cum again."

Patty saw Rob's body stiffen and she heard him groaning, "Ooh Baby it feels so good you're so fucking tight and wet...Ahhh... shit... I'm cumming."

Then she heard Chrissie yell, "Rob, don't cum in me. I'm not wearing my diaphragm"

Rob pulled his cock out of Chrissie, and shot stream after steam of cum on her sister.

Patty bit her lower lip, as she tried to imagine how it would feel to have Bobby shooting his sperm inside her love cannel. With that though going through her mind, she felt her knees getting weak as her body started to tremble and her own orgasm took her over. She took her hand off her tit and put it over her mouth trying to muffle any noise she might make as she came. 

Patty didn't come very good, she wasn't satisfied. She wanted more, she wanted her cousin Bobby to take her virginity and make love to her. 

Patty ran back into the bathroom and hid in the shower. She was afraid that they might use the bathroom. 

Chrissie came in the bathroom. While she standing in front of the sink washing and fixing her clothes, she said, "Patty, I saw you standing in the doorway. Did you enjoy the show?

Chrissie smiled at Patty and winked as she asked," Hmm, does Bobby do it to you that good?"

Patty was shocked and embarrassed, and said," I'm sorry I didn't mean to spy on you. I didn't how to let you know I was in here. I didn't want to embarrass you."

Chrissie replied, "That's okay, tell me? Does Bobby do it to you that good?" 

Patty replied, "I'm not having sex with Cousin Bobby or anyone. Beside that he's is our cousin."

Chrissie laughed and said, "Patty, he's my cousin, not yours."

Chrissie winked and said, "Patty have you ever heard of kissing cousins?"

Patty wanted desperately to talk to someone about her feelings for Bobby. But she just sadly replied,

"Bobby doesn't think of me like that. He calls me his cousin Jail-Bait, what can I do?"

I t was almost as if Chrissie knew, because she stopped before going out the bathroom door and said,

"You know Patty, You might need to let him know that you're interested in him, and remind that your not really cousins and that your over eighteen so you're not jail-bait."

Patty had a restless night dreaming about Bobby. She could feel his hands on her breasts caressing them and gently pinching her nipple just the way she likes it, she felt his hand go between her legs and gently play with her vagina. She could feel his finger tip circling her clitoris, teasing her, torturing her, driving her nuts with desire. 

She could see him above her, looking into her eyes. She was begging him. "Oh Bobby, take me. I've waited for you, for so long."

Patty spread her legs open wide, and gripped the bed covers, and arched her back up waiting for the twinge of pain she knew she would feel as Bobby broke her hymen and took her virginity.

But Bobby was whispering something to her..., something she couldn't hear. Patty was getting restless, trying to hear him asking him, "Bobby what is it...? What are you saying? But she couldn't hear him, and then she heard. "Beep... Beep... Beep..." 

What she heard was her alarm going off. She was dreaming about Bobby again. She wanted him so bad. But he just wasn't interested in her way. He calls her jail-bait.

Patty woke up frustrated with her night gown was up around her waist; she was horny and her pussy was soaked, she tried to masturbate to relieve her need, but she couldn't cum. 

Patty was thinking about what Chrissie had said, and she knew that she had to do something to change their relationship. 

End of Part One. 