 Brinna had been hearing the voice for two weeks now... it called to her soul. At least she thought it was her soul. Brinna was a little old for a virgin at 21. In school, there hadn't really been anyone special, and after school, she was so immersed in her work that she just somehow never found the time. There was a small voice in the back of her mind telling her that maybe she was a little scared too, that she had deliberately let opportunities slide by. But the voice was persistent. 

She was too naive to realize that it called to her body as well as her soul. "Come to me..." She seemed to hear. It had been happening with more frequency, but no matter where she was if she turned around, there was no one there. It was starting to frighten her, but she was afraid to mention it to anyone for fear that they would think she was crazy. So instead she tried to ignore it.

Tonight Brinna was exhausted, she had been working hard all week, and when Friday finally rolled around she turned down several invitations in order to go home with a bottle of wine and a joint. She needed to be alone. 

She began her evening by taking a long, hot, slow bath. Relaxing, she felt the strain of the day wash away as she relaxed in the water. Laying her head back, she let her mind wander. In her mind, a tall man appeared. Neither light nor dark, his most striking feature was his eyes. A brilliant jade green gaze took her breath away. Feeling a languid wave of pleasure sweep through her inexperienced body she shuddered and snapped her eyes open. It had seemed so real... "what an imagination", she thought to herself as she closed her eyes again. 

As soon as her eyes were closed, she felt impaled by those eyes again. Another, stronger wave of pleasure washed over her, and she surrendered to it, stroking her hands over her pert breasts, lightly pinching her nipples, and then moving lower. With one hand she slowly parted the lips of her virgin pussy, and lightly stroked one finger over her clitoris. She nearly moaned aloud the feeling was so intense. 

Surprised at the speed in which she became aroused, she gently fondled her breasts with one hand while rapidly manipulating her clit with the other. In a matter of minutes, she was moaning loudly and then suddenly she could feel the muscles of her pussy convulsing in the throws of orgasm. 

As she finished, she discovered that rather than easing her excitement as touching herself had done in the past, all it had done was make her more restless. She got out of the now cooling bathtub and wrapped in an oversize terrycloth bathrobe, got her chilled wine from the kitchen and went to her bedroom. Sitting down on the bed she poured herself a glass of wine, and lit the joint, then leaning back against the headboard she tried to relax. 

Brinna still felt very restless, she got up and paced back and forth next to her bed confused about the cause of her current mood. "Come to me..." Brinna heard. She spun around but there was no one there. Brinna decided to watch TV for a while. She turned the TV on and couldn't find anything to watch, but as she sat there, she started feeling the strain of the week, and the effects of the wine and pot, and she felt drowsy. 

Turning the TV off, she slid down on the bed and started dozing. Brinna drifted further into sleep, and safe in her dream world never heard the bedroom door swing open.

Brinna's dream seemed so real, she could see the man standing over her, his eyes piercing her in their intensity. She felt rather than saw him slowly untie the tie on her bathrobe, and felt it slide down off of her body as she lay on her back. 

In her innocence she thought briefly about pulling it back up to cover herself, but then all thought left her mind as the man slowly stroked her hair, then moved down to her shoulder to stroke over her breast and down the full length of her body causing her to shiver in delight and raising goose flesh all over her smooth fair skin. 

Murmuring in her sleep, Brinna asked the dream man for more. He sat down on the edge of the bed and Brinna whimpered as he removed his hand from her in order to remove his own clothes. Soon enough he was laying next to her fully naked. She could feel the radiating heat coming from his body and she instinctively moved closer, only to gasp in shock when her bare breasts rubbed against the warm flesh of his bare chest. She tried to pull away, but a hand in the small of her back pulled her closer instead. 

He reached up, stroked her face with the back of his hand and then began kissing her. His deep drugging kisses caused a heat wave to fly through her, and she instinctively parted her lush lips to accommodate his tongue as he pressed it against her mouth. 

As he took her lower lip in his mouth and sucked gently she moaned and nipped at his upper lip with her sharp little teeth, at which he retaliated by biting gently on her lower lip with a growl. He rained tiny kisses over her face and neck before moving on to nip at her ear lobes and then began the slow journey to her breasts with his mouth. She could feel him licking her chest, circling closer and closer to her breasts, and the anticipation was killing her. 

She was literally panting with need, and when his hot, moist mouth closed on the peak of one of her taut nipples, and his strong hand grasped the other she gave a small scream and had the first of what would be many orgasms. He laughed a low deep laugh and looking up at her face sucked strongly on her nipples moving back and forth between them with his mouth. As she had her second orgasm, she felt his hand slide down her belly to the soft shaved mound between her legs, and she gave another gasp as she felt his finger work its way inside of her. It slid in easily, as she was so wet she was nearly overflowing. 

The man gave a grunt of satisfaction as he felt her intact hymen with the tip of his finger. He removed his hands from her momentarily and when she cried out in disappointment, he laughed again as he sat up against the head board of the bed. He pulled Brinna into a kneeling position in between his legs, and grasping his engorged cock, gently pulled her head down towards it. Brinna resisted briefly, but then took it in her mouth hesitantly. As her warm lips and hot tongue touched the head of his cock, he groaned aloud and put his hands on the back of her head holding her close. 

Brinna reveled in the power of making him moan, and set to sucking the cock in front of her with a skill she did not know she possessed. She pushed him as far into the back of her throat as she could and using her tongue, ran it repeatedly around the edge of his head. Soon she had him moaning over and over again until finally he pulled her away with a muffled "No more...". 

He virtually threw her onto her back on the bed, and moving down between her legs, he parted her nether lips with his hands and thrust his tongue into her dripping hole. She moaned and immediately orgasmed thrashing her head back and forth on the pillow and begging for the release he was obviously building her towards. The man continued working her clit with his tongue, often taking it fully into his mouth and sucking hard. She was a symphony of moans, groans and screams, soon relegated to begging "Please, Please, Please, Please..." over and over again. 

He soon judged her ready to move on, and spreading her legs wider, he climbed up in between them kneeling. He lifted her hips, and slowly began sliding his enormous cock into her aching pussy. As it filled her full, she knew this was what he had been working her towards. 

He stopped as he felt her unbroken hymen on the tip of his cock, and then pulled out quickly making her gasp. The man reached down and manipulated her clit wildly making her start to orgasm again, and then suddenly he thrust into her hard, taking her virginity in the instant of her peak. She felt a starburst of agony that faded quickly in the pleasure of the moment, and she knew beyond a doubt that her virginity belonged to him. 

He pumped himself into her over and over again and she could feel another orgasm start deep inside of her. As she heard him give a shout and pound into her she lost consciousness.

Brinna woke up feeling confused. She was sore all over and somehow in the night her bathrobe had come undone and fallen to the floor. The sheets on the bed were disheveled and she felt unbelievably dehydrated. 

She swung her legs over the edge of the bed and as she looked down, she saw minute traces of blood on her thighs. She stood up and looked around, and it became apparent to her that the dream was not a dream. She panicked, wondering if the man was still in her house. She slowly walked through her house and saw that no one was there and feeling relieved, she took a shower.

Brinna stayed in her house all weekend, not sleeping a wink, afraid that if she closed her eyes it would happen again. On Monday, she went back to work, trying to act as if nothing had happened, all the while her co-workers were telling her she looked different, she had glow about her. 

As she left for lunch with her boss, they walked across the lobby of the high-rise she worked in, she heard "Come to me..." she whipped around and across the lobby saw the eyes that had been haunting both her dreams and her waking hours. She felt a thread of pleasure slither through her body as she slid to the floor in a faint. 

As she opened her eyes, she saw her boss and the man with the green eyes leaning over her. The man had obviously told her boss that he knew her, because her boss said "Well, I'll leave you alone with her now", and got up and left. Brinna was frightened, but he helped her sit up, and then slowly raised her to her feet. She stood looking up at him, and asked "How?...Why?, I don't understand". 

He looked deeply into her eyes and said "I had to get your attention somehow..."