 It was a very hot day in Jamaica. The sun was shining, there wasn't a cloud in the sky and my husband Scott and I had just arrived for a long weekend getaway. We were staying at a brand new, all inclusive resort and were really excited to take advantage of all it had to offer. Little did I know we'd be getting way more than we paid for. 

"Let's go straight to the pool," I said to Scott.

"Or we could go straight to bed," he whispered into my ear. 

I felt myself immediately get wet between the legs. I wasn't wearing panties under my su dress because I had wanted to give him easier access on the plane ride here. He hadn't let me down. I had placed my sweater over my lap and he had finger fucked me until I came so hard I almost gave us away. Now, only a few hours later, I felt myself dripping again at the mere thought of him getting inside my pussy. 

We checked in and we were shown to our room. It was beautiful, with a king sized bed, a refrigerator stocked with liquor, and a balcony with a view of the ocean. The concierge put our bags down, Scott tipped him, and as soon as the door clicked shut behind him I was stripping out of my dress. Scott watched as my natural 34D tits sprang free from the dress. I dropped it to the ground and rubbed my tits as he undressed, never taking his eyes off me. 

Scott is sexy. We both work out a lot, him to keep his muscular physique and me to keep my tiny waist and toned ass. Scott has an 8 pack and the broadest shoulders I've ever had the pleasure of laying my hands on. They're great for holding on to when I ride him. 

His cock bounced out of his boxers, already standing straight up. It's a nice size, about 8 inches and very thick. He rubbed the head and ran his hand up and down the shaft while he watched me rub my tits. My hand traveled down my body and found its way to my pussy where I rubbed my clit for a few seconds before I laid down on the bed and began to finger fuck myself. Scott loves watching me play with myself. 

Before I knew it he was on top of me, fucking me fast and hard. My pussy dripped and soaked the bed. I came twice before he came, pumping his hot load into me and falling to the bed beside me. I leaned over and sucked my juices and his cum off his throbbing cock and laid back on the bed beside him. This was going to be a great vacation. 

That day we went for a walk on the beach, had lunch at one of the outdoor restaurants and scheduled a candlelit couples massage on the beach for later that night. I was excited for the massage. I loved to relax and feel someone else's hands on my body. 

We laid on the beach for a while after lunch, and we cooled off in the ocean. We waded into the water until it was past or waists and I reached for Scott's cock. We made out in the water while I stroked him but the beach was becoming crowded and I'm not much of an exhibitionist so we decided to cool off for the time being. 

When the sun went down we made our way down to the cabana where we had scheduled our massages and checked in. The tent was along the water, with two beds close together and a lot of candles lit around the small area. Two massage therapists greeted us. One was a tall, dark man with gray eyes and a perfect white smile. The other was a petite woman with beautiful pale skin, almond shaped eyes, and dark shiny hair. She definitely wasn't from the island but the man was. He spoke with a thick accent that I loved instantly. 

We laid down on the beds and the woman positioned herself at Scott's head and the man stood at mine. As the massage started at my shoulders, I let out a small moan. It felt so good as he poured the hot oil on my body and rubbed it in. I looked over at Scott and he looked at me and we smiled at each other. I saw his cock stiffen a little through the tiny towel covering him and I knew he was relaxed. I wouldn't be mad if he was turned on by the beautiful woman massaging him. I was turned on by the man who was now making his way up my leg from the bottom. My pussy felt damp as he got closer and closer to my sweet spot. Come to think of it, he was really close. I looked over to see the towel had fallen off of Scott and his cock was at full attention as his massage was also focused on the tops of his legs. The woman was leaned over him with her face very close to his erect cock. The sight turned me on big time. He looked at me again and I winked at him. I was so turned on I was actually hoping this woman would suck him off while I watched. 

Then the woman spoke. She looked right at me and asked "May I?" 

"Sure," please do, I thought. 

Scott looked completely surprised at me then at the beautiful woman who was now licking up and down his hard cock. I began to finger myself as I watched, two fingers inside myself while my massage continued. Scott nodded at the man massaging me, then tipped his head back and closed his eyes, enjoying his surprise blow job. 

My masseuse moved my fingers out of my vagina and began to finger me with one hand while he massaged the top of my head with his other hand. It felt so fucking good I thought I was going to explode. I could hear Scott being sucked off and I could hear my pussy juices squirting and suddenly the man was licking and sucking my clit, fast and hard while he continued to pump my vagina with his fingers. I put my hands on his head and pulled his face hard into my pussy as I came. At the same time I heard Scott grunt and looked over to see him jerking his load onto the woman's face. 

The masseuses left the tent while we were to clean up but we just sat there and smiled at each other. We had never been with other people during our relationship and had never planned to but we both loved this surprised happy ending. 

We cleaned up and tipped them huge, and made our way back to our room. We showered together and went to bed. 

In the middle of the night I woke up thinking about the massage and the blow job and the man sucking on my pussy and I instantly got wet again. I threw the covers off and began to finger myself while I reached over and began to play with Scott's cock. He immediately woke up and I climbed on top of him. My pussy soaked his hard cock, dripping on to the bed again. I rode him harder that night than I've ever ridden him. I turned to face his feet and he pulled my hair and smacked my ass as I bounced up and down on his throbbing member. He flipped me onto my knees and took me from behind, his cock slamming into my pussy over and over and I screamed with pleasure. He came in my pussy and we fell onto the bed exhausted and passed out. 

I think we'll be planning another trip to that resort very soon.