 *This is a work of fiction, meant to be read and enjoyed by adults. If adult material offends you or if you are not of consentable age to read such material, do not read any further.*

Dina awoke the next morning, alone in the bed she shared with James. Rolling over, she felt a slight twinge of pain run from her groin down her legs. "Oh my God, she thought, Terry must have stretched me further than James has. I'm so sore, but I feel so relaxed. I guess I had a lot of need stored up.” Rising from the bed and wrapping a spring green silk robe around her slim form, Dina headed downstairs to the kitchen to grab a cup of strong black coffee and speak with James.

While their experience last night had been sexually gratifying to her and James, Dina still had some lingering doubts as to how things would play out in the daylight. James had told her last night that her acts with Terry had turned him on and gotten him off, and Dina had cum herself, but in the back of her mind, all she could think was that she cheated on her husband. She had vowed before God and all of their friends and family to love honor and obey James, forsaking all others. But with the state of their sex life, Dina felt that she had to do something to give it a kick in the ass.

Walking into the kitchen, Dina was surprised to find James sitting at the breakfast bar, enjoying a bagel and coffee with his copy of the morning paper.

"Hi," she said as she moved to the coffee pot to pour herself a cup of coffee.

"Good morning beautiful," James replied as he looked up from his paper. Dina's shiny sable colored hair was disheveled from last night, her robe knotted casually about her waist and to James, she had never looked sexier. "Dina, I think we should talk about last night."

Dina took a deep breath as her hands became unsteady. A growing dread started in her stomach, rifling its way to her heart. "Ok James, I agree, we should talk about last night. I have to admit, I did enjoy it, but this morning I woke up with the guiltiest feeling. I mean, I fucked someone else in our bed, in front of you, and to top it off, he's one of your oldest friends. I feel terrible and I understand if you're mad. You have every right to be."

"On the contrary Dina, I'm not mad. If anything, I'm more turned on than ever by you. I realize that I have been pretty absent lately from our marriage and that's something I intend to correct, this very instant to be exact," James said as he set his coffee cup down and moved around the bar to pull Dina into his arms.

"Oh James," Dina said tearfully as he reached out with his hand and raised her chin so that she would look him in the eyes. "Wait a minute. Are you saying that in the past you weren't really turned on by me? That it took some other man to fuck me six ways from Sunday to make you hard?"



"No Dina, that's not what I meant. What I meant was that the whole experience was incredibly erotic and I think I have a better understanding now of how much you love me. For you to do something that I know you see as incredibly wrong and to do it in hopes of making me happy shows me that you put me first always, and that's something that I need to do with you," James said.

She began to speak again when James leaned down and swept his lips across hers. Dina forgot about all her doubts and fears and inhaling slightly, pulled James closer. Sliding her tongue into his mouth, James moaned at the velvety stroke of her tongue on his, his cock straining against his jockey shorts.

Pulling the belt of her robe loose, James pulled it open, sliding his hands up to cup her breasts, her nipples poking hard into his palms. Standing on her tiptoes, Dina wrapped her arms more securely around James's neck as he rubbed his palms on her nipples, belly and finally sliding one hand down to cup her mound. Dina gasped, shocked that James was being this bold in the kitchen. Their lovemaking had always been satisfying, just never this spontaneous. 

Lifting Dina onto the counter, James pulled her by her knees closer to him and bending his head down, inhaled her sweet, womanly perfume. Dina's pussy was wet, a trickle of moisture slowly trailing down her thigh. James darted his tongue out, ran his tongue up her smooth lips tasting her essence, and nuzzling his nose in the little diamond shaped patch of hair above her cleft moved his tongue over her clit as Dina reclined on her elbows, wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her body. Dina felt her orgasm coming, and grabbing James by the hair, pulling him closer to her, let her head fall back and wailed, "Oh my God, oh sweet Jesus, oh James!"

James immediately pulled away from her clit as her shuddering stopped and replacing his tongue with his stiff cock, plunged forward, burying himself to the hilt in her steaming snatch. Dina clutched James shoulders, rocking her hips against him, her cries becoming louder as he rocked them to an orgasm. Her nipples brushed against his chest, tight pink peaks, with a trickle of sweat running between the swells of her breasts. James began to thrust harder, his stomach slapping against Dina's, the sounds and smells of sex permeating the kitchen. Stiffening, James cried out, "I'm cumming" as Dina screamed and her pussy clamped down on his cock, her muscles milking every drop of cum out of James.

Slowly his cock slipped from her warmth and James leaned down and kissed Dina. "That was incredible. I don't know what came over me, but I just had to have you when you walked into the room," he said.

"I don't mind. Not in the slightest bit. That was one for the record books. I don't think I've ever cum so hard. And in the kitchen," Dina giggled as she finally realized where they were. Slowly climbing off the counter, Dina pulled her robe closed as James pulled his shorts back over his cock. 

"Well my dear, I'm not going into the office today. I want to spend all day with you, by the pool, as long as you wear that skimpy bikini you bought on our honeymoon. I realized something last night Dina. I've been an idiot and lazy as hell. I have pretty much taken you for granted, and that was something I swore I would never do with you. Can you forgive me honey? I promise to spend the rest of my life making it up to you," James said as he took Dina into his arms. 

"Of course I forgive you. Do you forgive me? I feel like a total slut after last night. I mean I enjoyed Terry, but I felt incredibly guilty. Even having you there made it less terrifying, but I don't know if I could do it again. I just don't know what to do anymore, I'm so confused," Dina finished in a rush.

"Shhh. Calm down honey. I admit last night was exciting and adventurous, but at the same time, I felt almost incredibly jealous that someone else was enjoying my sexy wife. It made me open my eyes and for that I am thankful," James said as he tenderly kissed her brow. "Now why don't you go take a nice long bath, I'll fix us some lunch and we can spend the day by the pool."

Dina kissed James long and hard and with a turn on her heel, headed upstairs to soak away her sore muscles. Terry had been a forceful lover, taking her to places she had never really been. And with James, it was like coming home again. She had missed the intimacy they shared. He had been one of the first men to make her orgasm and the first to introduce the pleasures of anal sex. 

Running the bath water to almost boiling hot, Dina carefully added a handful of fruity bath salts and with a sigh; she carefully slid her slim body into the water. Reaching over to light the mango candle that sat on the edge, Dina pulled a scrunchie from around her wrist and tied her long brown hair back. She laid her head against the back of the tub and idly ran her hands over her body. Her skin glistened from the water and turned a rosy hue, making her freckles more visible. Her pink nipples stood proudly on her breasts, her legs, long and tan, lay propped on the opposite edge of the tub. Picking up a sponge, Dina began lathering her body with soap, her hands lingering on her pert breasts, legs and pussy as she rinsed away last night and earlier today's sweat. She shaved her legs and pussy lips clean leaving a small diamond of hair on her mound that ended in a point right above the cleft of her pussy lips and pulled the plug and stepped out of the tub. 

James was busy while Dina was taking her bath. He had just hung up the phone with the local florist and caterer when he heard the faucets running upstairs. 

Walking out onto the deck, James surveyed the backyard. Dina was sure to be surprised when she came downstairs after her bath. He had arranged for the florist to bring in large potted palms, huge hibiscus plants, and several tiki torches. The caterer had been instructed to create a seafood banquet fit for a king and queen and deliver it this evening. After Dina had told him of her reminiscing about their honeymoon and subsequent masturbation, James had decided to do everything possible for them to relive the event. He couldn't wait to see her in that white g-string bikini that had caused such a stir from the staff of their honeymoon lodge.

The door chimes sounded as Dina stepped out of the tub and began drying off. "James, can you get that?" she called as she reached for her lotion.

"No problem hon. Why don't you lie down and relax? I've got some things to do around here, I have a surprise for you later," James called as he headed for the front door.

"Ok," Dina answered as she finished smoothing the lotion all over her body. Pulling a thin gauzy yellow sundress from her drawer, Dina settled the straps on her shoulders and lay down on the bed. Before James could make it back upstairs, she was fast asleep.

In the meantime, the florist was busy in the backyard, following James's directions as they set up the foliage to create a tropical paradise.

"No, no, no, over by the other palm tree," James directed as the two men arranged the heavy palm tree.

As they finished up and James signed the bill, he walked upstairs to check on his wife. Dina was curled into a fetal position, her hand under cheek as she slept deeply. A smile came to James's blue eyes as he saw his wife. Running a hand through his salt and pepper hair, James gently kissed her forehead as he slipped a pair of topsiders, gray cargo shorts and a Hawaiian print shirt out of the closet and grabbed his keys and wallet from the bureau. 

In his Mercedes, James called the caterer to check on the status of their feast. The caterer assured him that they would be there in an hour to set up the buffet, and then they would return the next morning to collect the dishes. Pulling into the parking lot of their favorite wine shop, James purchased two bottles of Dom Perignon '27, and some Brie. Loading his purchases in the backseat, James stopped at a music store to pick up some background music for Dina's surprise. One last stop at the local sex emporium, where he bought some massage oil and body paint, and then James headed home. Tapping his fingers on the steering wheel in time to "Take it off" by KISS, James quickly arrived home and went out to the deck to check on his elaborate set up. Not only did the pool resemble a lagoon, the smell of seafood was wafting through the breeze, making James remember their honeymoon and also creating a stirring in his crotch. Putting the champagne on ice, James turned his attentions upstairs and slowly walked up the mahogany stairs to wake Dina up.

Walking into their room, James crossed to the bed and placing kisses on her forehead, temples, eyes and finally her mouth, James softly said, "Wake up sweetheart. I've got your surprise ready."

Dina's eyes flew open. "Oh goody! It's surprise time. You know how much I love surprises," she exclaimed as she hopped out of bed. 

"You've always been like a kid with surprises," he chuckled. "First you need to put on that tiny white little bikini you wore on our honeymoon. And that silky sarong that I remember whipping around your legs," James said as he headed for the bathroom. 


Dina headed to her armoire, pulled out the requested bathing suit, and slipped her sundress over her head. Hearing a wolf whistle, she spun around quickly, her hands covering her breasts and mound. "Jesus Christ James! You scared the shit out of me," she said with a laugh.

"Can I help it if the sight of you inspires such reactions?" James asked innocently.

"I assume that you can control yourself. I thought someone else was here," Dina said as she adjusted the straps of her top and pulled the cups into place.

"Hey sweetheart, you know what they say happens when you assume," James said with a laugh.

"Yeah, I know. I make an ass out of you and me," Dina replied.

"Yep, that's the saying," James said as he finished changing and headed back into the bedroom. "I swear babe, you haven't changed a bit since we got married. You are still a knockout in that suit."

Dina stood before him clad in what could generously be described as a band-aid. Two half cups of white cupped her breasts, the tie around her neck vainly trying to hold the globes aloft. Her legs seemed to go on forever before a flash of white wrapped around her hips, her mound barely covered, and when she turned, James groaned as he saw the twin strips of fabric meet above the swells of her taut ass before disappearing into the crevice. "I was kind of shocked it even fit me. But hey, since you're handing out compliments, I'll take 'em while I can still get 'em," Dina said as she tucked her hand into the crook of James's elbow. 

Arm in arm they walked down the steps and out onto the deck. The tiki torches were alight and blazing, the hibiscus full and in bloom, a righteous explosion of color everywhere. The palm trees fronds gracefully bowed over the cool, blue pool, the smell of seafood beaconing to the stomach. Ukuleles and bongos filled the air, and Don Ho sang softly in the background.

"Oh my God, James this is just like the lagoon we went to for our honeymoon. I can't believe it. Is this what you did while I was asleep?" Dina asked astounded.

"Yes it is. You got me thinking back to our honeymoon and after last night, and you doing my fantasy, I thought it was the least I could do to try and show you how much you mean to me," James replied as he bent his head down and kissed Dina. 

Just a soft kiss at first, but with a groan, Dina pulled James closer and opened her lips, coaxing his tongue into her mouth. Like eels their tongues twisted and slid against each other. James groaned as Dina's hand began to slowly slide from behind his neck to his chest. Slipping buttons undone, Dina buried her fingers in the soft fur covering James's chest. His moan of approval had her small pink tongue darting out to flick his hard pebble nipples, drawing them tighter. James wedged his hands in Dina's long, flowing sable hair, and slowly pulling her back up, began a fresh assault on her lips, the contours of her jaw and her highly sensitive earlobes. 

"Oooo, you keep that up Mr. Daly and you're going to have a wild woman on your hands," Dina provocatively whispered. 

"That's exactly what I planned on my dear. I want this to remind us both of our honeymoon. I think there's a good chance we can get that "magic" back, don't you?" James asked.

"Of course I do. But for right now, I'm going for a swim in this gorgeous pool. I think we both need to cool down a bit," Dina said as she gracefully slipped by James and with the poise of a ballerina, dove into the pool.

James was right behind her, his splash sending geysers of water up on the pool deck. Swimming over to Dina, James wrapped his arms around her lithe form, her white bikini glowing in the fading light.

"If I seem to remember correctly dear, we spent several hours in the lagoon, doing things that frightened most fish in a five mile radius," James salaciously said as he pulled her closer.

"I think I remember something to that effect," Dina replied, a bit coquettishly. "I wonder what we would scare if we did those kind of things out here?"

"Well, I'll tell you what, when it comes time for that, I'll be sure to throw in a rubber ducky or two, just so we can put on a good show."

"Sounds like a plan to me," Dina said as she slowly sunk deeper in the water and began swimming effortlessly, her body cutting cleanly through the clear blue water, her white g-string bottom flashing occasionally as her hips twisted with her movements.

"Don't forget Dina, there's a huge seafood buffet up there for us and I got two bottles of your favorite champagne," Terry called from the other end of the pool.

Dina pulled herself out of the pool, water droplets glistening everywhere on her body, the cups of her suit turned almost transparent. James could just make out the pink outlines of her areolas, her nipples stiffening in the cooling air. His eyes traveled the line of her body, stopping to stare transfixed on her bottoms. Her diamond shaped patch of soft brown pubes showed through the translucent material, her puffy pussy lips clearly visible. 

Grabbing a plate, Dina began sampling the different entrees. There was grilled butterfly shrimp, oysters, scallops, two lobster tails, and small bowls of melted butter, horseradish, and cocktail sauce. Carrying the plate to the small bistro table surrounded by tiki torches, Dina sat in one chair while James hoisted himself out of the pool. Dina watched his athletic form as he walked to the bucket where the Dom Perignon sat chilling. His body had remained unchanged since they had met, his hair just beginning to turn grey. His salt and pepper hair was soaked, standing up in little spikes on his scalp, his blue eyes seeming to sparkle even more than usual. Returning with the requested drinks and flutes, James worked the cork free of the bottle and with a pop! the champagne flowed forth, white and foamy, giving way to the pale wine with tiny bubbles that dances upon one's tongue.

They dined alfresco, the sounds of Don Ho whisking them back in time six years to their honeymoon, the food whetting their appetite, the wine loosening tense muscles and creating a palpable ambience. As the sun sank further in the sky and the crimson and orange hues faded from the sky, the maiden moon began her journey through the sapphire sky.  

"I think I'm going to work off some of this incredible food. Care to join me for a swim, my love?" Dina asked as she rose from the table.

"I have to say that is the best idea you've come up with yet," James replied.

Slowly sliding into the cool water, Dina floated contently in James's arms. Without words or questions, they merged into one being as James lowered his head and kissed Dina. The contrast of the cool water and the heat of James's body further enflamed Dina's overheated pussy. Sliding her tongue into James's mouth, she sighed as he further deepened the kiss and picked her up slightly, wrapping her legs around his waist. Cupping her perfect ass cheeks, James began to grind his swollen cock against Dina's pussy. Sliding his arms up her back, James untied the strings holding the transparent white cups of her bikini. Dina leaned back slightly as James dipped his dark head down and began to lap at her swollen pink nipples, his hot tongue touching her cooled flesh. 

Dina moaned deep in her throat. "Oh God James. That feels so good, don't stop, suck them harder," she cried.

James redoubled his efforts, sucking her entire areola into his mouth, his hand squeezing her other breast, tweaking the nipple into a hard pebble. Dina clung helplessly to his neck, his tongue making her wetter by the moment. Removing one hand from his neck, Dina began to swirl her fingers over his nipples, delighting as each tightened into a white nugget. Pulling her back up, James began to kiss the soft skin of Dina's neck as her hand slid down to stroke his hard and pulsating cock through his swim trunks. His cock was on fire, Dina's small hand seemed to elicit more length and hardness than he had ever known. 
