 The weeks following my first encounter with James were agonizing. Remember, we work together and to see him day in and day out wanting more but not knowing if I could have more... well... it would drive anyone crazy!! All I could think of each time I looked into his blue eyes were his arms around me. Yes I am sure you would think it be his lovely cock in my mouth. Trust me, his cock got its fair share of airtime. But his arms... mmmm the strength in his arms sends shivers through my body. 

Hints were made in conversation and e-mail about getting together again. Our conversations got bolder and bolder over the following weeks. We went from simple things like 'I had a good time that night' to 'I want to feel your cock deep inside my pussy' making it harder to see him and not touch him. I made the "mistake" of telling James what my weak spots were. Like... my neck. Bite my neck and signals are sent directly to my clit, my nipples get hard and I begin to purrrrrrrr. James made it his mission to see this happen.

A few more weeks of torment went by when James let me know he wanted to see me and could come by that Sunday night. I didn't believe it was actually going to happen and tried my best not to get my hopes up. However, my hopes were floating above the clouds when we decided he would come over after he took care of some things. But those hopes began to fade when 5 o'clock had come and gone and I had not heard from him. Then 6, then 7. I know we had not decided on a time, but I assumed he would have been at my house by then. 

My phone rang at 8, "I am on my way." He was knocking on my front door around 9.

It wasn't awkward when he came in but you could tell neither of us knew how to just "get down to business". We were sitting on the couch watching some TV when he touched my neck and I jumped. 

He looked at me and said, "Oh yeah, let me see that neck". 

I played the "hard-to-get" role for a little bit but couldn't resist for long. His lips on my neck, his hands in my hair and on the side of my face as he kissed and nibbled my neck, made me want him so much more. I was able to pull him away from my neck only long enough to get his lips on mine. His lips were so soft but so hungry. I didn't want to let them go. 

James slid his hand behind my neck and kissed me while he pushed me down on the couch, with him on top of me. His tongue in my mouth made me hot. He pulled back only long enough to pull my shirt over my head and my pants and panties down my legs. He kissed me again then worked his lips and tongue down to my nipples. He began sucking on one of my nipples when I felt his hand slide over my stomach. My back arched and I moaned as his finger slid over my clit. I pulled his lips back up to mine. He slid a finger inside me and I moaned into his mouth. He teased my clit and tormented my pussy with his fingers. His lips alternated between my lips and nipples. I needed his hard cock inside me. I ran my fingers up and down his sides, then over his back. 

He pulled his shirt over his head, I kissed his chest and continued running my fingertips up and down his sides. I brought his hands to my face, his fingers to my lips. I slid each of his wet fingers into my mouth, sucking my juice off of each one while looking into his eyes. I swirled my tongue over and around each one. I pulled the last one out of my mouth and brought his hand back down to my nipple. I took his face in my hands and kissed him again while I undid the button and zipper on his jeans. 

I pulled back from kissing him, looked him in the eyes and whispered to him, "Fuck me". 

He replied, "I will". 

He stood up and removed his jeans and boxers. Before he could sit back down, I pulled his cock to my mouth and slid the head into my mouth. His hand went behind my head and I moaned around his cock. After a few sucks he pulled me off and laid on top of me again. 

We kissed again while his fingers made there way back into my pussy. I burned for James to fuck me, I begged for him to fuck me, and he tormented me. He slid his fingers in and out of my hot, wet pussy. Then he would play with my clit again. I moaned his name over and over as I was getting closer to cumming. Just as I was about to cum he pushed my legs up and shoved his hard cock deep inside me. I came instantly. I shook from head to toe. I begged him to fuck me harder and deeper. He slammed his hard cock deep inside me, over and over again. I didn't want him to stop. It felt like his cock was in my stomach. He leaned over and kissed me while his cock slid in and out of my pussy, his balls were slapping against my asshole. I wanted him to cum deep inside me. I moaned his name as well as G-d's but neither of them were listening. I had never been fucked so hard and so deep before. When James asked me where I wanted him to cum, I couldn't take it. I told him to cum deep inside me, and came all over his cock and balls. He shoved his cock in hard one more time and came deep in my pussy. 

As James pulled out and sat at the end of the couch, I sat up and attempted to put my shirt back on. That was something he wasn't going to let me do. He looked at me and told me we weren't finished. With a smile I said I didn't think we were, pulled my shirt from him and got up quickly. I put my shirt back on and walked into the kitchen for something cold to drink. I brought back a few beers and we lit up a couple of smokes.

We sat on the couch, kissed, touched, caressed and bs'ed a little. I tried to get up and he pulled me back down by my shirt and kissed me again. 

He asked, "Where do you think you're going?" and smiled at me. 

I replied with, "I don't know about you, but I am going into the bedroom", and jumped up and went inside. 

I had just fallen on the bed when he came up behind me. He pulled my shirt back off and bit my neck again. My clit and nipples were hard instantly; I arched my back and pushed my ass against his cock. Too my lovely surprise, his cock was almost completely hard again. He turned me onto my back, spread my legs and kissed my stomach. He moved his way up to each of my nipples, taking turns sucking and nibbling. While he worked on one, I worked on the other. His lips found mine again and his tongue was in my mouth. He hasn't yet realized that his kisses alone melt away any resistance I may have.

I pull away from his kiss and he leans in for another. I move my face to the side and with a look in my eyes saying not to stop, tell him no more. He pinches one of my nipples and I moan. 

"No more?" he asks with a grin. He moves his fingers down to my clit and pinches it. I moan again. With that same grin he leans close to my lips, and whispers again, "No more?". 

I couldn't resist. I leaned up and slid my tongue into his mouth. I was so hungry to feel his mouth on mine, his tongue in my mouth and every other part of his body against mine. He pulled back for a moment and smiled.

James kissed his way down my chin to my neck, while I lay on my back. My fingers are running over his chest and shoulders then down his arms. I love the feel of his forearms. Knowing they are mine to touch makes me want him more. I moan as he kisses down to my nipples, kissing and sucking on them before continuing his path down to my belly button. He kisses my stomach, then slides 2 fingers deep inside me. I wasn't expecting them and moan at the instant pleasure I am in. He begins to finger-fuck me while his thumb rubs my sensitive clit. I beg him to stop. I can't take it and he tells me to relax and enjoy it. I try to push him off but that is of no use. I begin to moan and buck as he sends me into one of the many orgasms of the evening. 

He is finally kind enough to ease his assault on my sensitive clit, and slides his hard cock back into my now dripping wet pussy. Slowly he slides in and out of me. The more I beg him to fuck me harder, the more he slows his pace. He drives me wild for what seems like hours. He would thrust his cock deep inside me a few times, taking me to the verge of cumming, and then slow down again. I begged him to fuck me. I begged him to make me cum. He fucked me hard and deep. My legs spread wide with my feet in the air. He leaned into me to get deeper into my pussy. I couldn't stop saying his name over and over. I came hard and he kept fucking me hard, sending me into another orgasm. I didn't want him to stop ever. He would moan as his balls slapped against my ass. I told him to cum inside me again. I wanted to feel him explode his hot load inside me. But he slowed his pace again instead. With a hard thrust, his cock was deep inside me, he moaned and I could feel his cock unload in my pussy. I came just by him cumming inside my pussy.

James wasn't done with me just yet. He had every intention of making me cum over and over again. He leaned over and slid his tongue into my mouth again while his fingers made their way to my clit and dripping hole. Be brushed his thumb over my clit and shivers went through my entire body. He smiled and asked if I liked it. I moaned in response. When he moved to my side, I moved to the other end of the bed and got up quickly. He got up just as quickly, held my wrist, and asked me where I was going. 

With a smile I said, "nowhere, but if you touch me again, I am going to cum instantly". 

We laughed and smiled and he did just that. 

Against the wall, he kissed me then worked his way to my neck again. One bite and I was done. It was easy for him at that point. He pinned me on the bed holding both of my wrists in one hand, kissed me and slid his tongue in my mouth, while he slid 2 fingers deep inside me. I moaned again, I couldn't take it. Never before had a man made me cum so much and so hard. And it was far from over. 

He let my wrists go eventually and I tried to stop him from fingering me, only to wind up playing with my clit. The combination of the 2, and his tongue in my mouth made me cum all over his fingers. He brought his fingers up to my lips where we shared the juices that covered them. I slid my own fingers in and out of my pussy slowly, as our tongues slid over his fingers and then back to each other's tongues. His fingers went back to slide the rest of my juices from my asshole to my clit and back. I begged him to stop but I couldn't stop myself from tasting his lips in between each plea. He moved his lips down to my nipples again. He took one and I took the other. Every now and then he would slide his fingers deep inside me. I would moan or beg for more, and he would take them out again. 

Finally, I couldn't take the torment anymore. I begged him to please shove his fingers deep inside me and make me cum. He sat up, rubbed my clit with one hand and finger fucked me so hard I came instantly. He leaned over me as I was coming down from my last ride and kissed me softly. I believe it was then that I told him he was trouble. 

We lay on my bed for a while, his arms around me, and a huge smile on my face. When we looked at the clock, it was after 2 and we both had work in the morning. He asked if I would drive him home. I didn't want to move... but we got up and got dressed. On the way out the door, I pulled him towards me, smiled, looked him in the eyes and kissed him again before walking to my car to drive him home.