 Lucy had taken a 6 month contract in the States to recover from her messy divorce. This is where she met James and two weeks before her return to the UK she and James finally got together. An engineered deception had Lucy turning up to the wrong house a day early... with wonderful results. So a couple of hours after their first intimate time together Lucy found herself sat at the breakfast bar in James house, wearing his robe and eating and ham and tomato on whole wheat sandwich.

James leaned over the breakfast bar still just wearing his shorts, while Lucy sat perched on a high stool on the other side, hungrily tucking into a sandwich. 

"You're watching me!" Lucy grinned as she captured a crumb from the corner of her mouth.

"I like watching you... Haven't you eaten anything today?"

Oh god, thought Lucy... hope he doesn't go all Christian Grey on me. "No, I was saving myself -- I was promised a Barbecue!" Taking a sip of her iced tea, "And this ham is the only meat I've seen!"

A deep roaring laugh echoed around the room. "Meat huh!" and the glint in his eye took on a delightful twinkle.

Oh Lucy, she thought to herself... what devil have you unleashed. Then as she pushed the empty plate away and took another sip of her drink, James walked around the bar; the bulge in his shorts still snaking its way across to his hip, as he propped himself on the bar next to her. 

"So tell me Lucy, what 'kind' of meat are you after... a juicy steak? lamb chops?..."

And before he could finish, Lucy ran a very elegantly painted nail along the length of his cock...

"Sausage... Corny but true."

"Oh woman," he groaned taking her face in his hands "I'm trying so hard to take it slow, to make it count, and here you are, enough to test the patience of a saint."

"Why James, why take it slow... I'm not a frail flower -- I'm not going to break!" She whispered into his mouth.

Then once again she was in his arms, this time being carried along the corridor and into his bedroom. As her feet hit the ground so did the robe she was wearing, and his hands came up to cup her breasts. His thumbs gently grazing over her hard puckered nubs as his lips descended on her again, consuming her in some raw emotion and desperate need. Lucy slid her hands around his waist, letting the tips of her fingers slide into the elasticated band of his shorts and then sliding down over the taught globes of his buttocks; her fingers working in, in a sensual massage, and her index fingers teasing the ravine of his bum. His hands pulled her tighter, closer to him and mirrored hers on her naked ass; again letting her feel the throbbing erection in his crotch. Fixing eye contact, their gaze never wavered, and she slowly lifted the waist band gently over his cock and with her hands splayed out pushed the waist band down. Down over his hips, his upper thighs and then to drop onto the floor, and standing on tiptoes; she kissed him taking the gasp out of his mouth when he was finally set free. He started to sink down, his mouth claiming her neck, her shoulders and the V between her collar bones. His hands caressing her arms with gentle feather touches, as he prepared to sink even lower.

"No James, my turn..." She whispered, gently trying to lift him, with her hands under his elbows.

With a sparkling grin he stood, tall and proud. Her hands smoothing over his arms across his pectorals and down over his finely contoured abs, resting her hands on his hips she massaged her thumbs into the cradle of his belly. Then slowly and oh so very deliberately she leaned in and let her tongue swipe over his left nipple, sucking and nibbling the little brown button; letting her hand move up to take the place of her mouth as she moved over to his right.

"I like to keep things in balance" she whispered into his torso.

Sinking to her knees, yet keeping her fingers teasing his nipples, Lucy let her tongue trail down. Teasing and swirling around his belly button, letting her chin gently push his cock out of the way she followed the fine line of hair south until she found the well trimmed thatch of his pubic hair. Sitting back on her knees she looked up meeting the hungry look in his eyes.

"Okay? Or would you rather lie down. Because this looks tasty and I might be sometime".

"I, we -- are not getting on this bed until we are ready to play the beast with two backs... so if you need to snack -- I'll stand!" He said with humour and lust dancing in his eyes.

Those lovely blue eyes, so grinning Lucy finally allowed herself the luxury of looking at his cock. It stood high, hard and proud, a good double handful for her and his balls, large -- just how she liked them...

"Oh yummy... these I have taste!" Taking his penis in her right hand and using her left to cup his scrotum.

James felt as if the world had suddenly gone into slow motion as she lowered her head and ran a long flat tongue lick right across his sack from her right to left; pausing briefly before sucking and hoovering in his right ball into her mouth. He felt rather than heard the low purr from her throat as her tongue ran over him, massaging and making his sack crinkle and contract. His hands automatically went to her head -- not to control but to cradle. Her massaging now alternating with pulsing little sucks that seemed in time with the gentle stroking of his cock, the pulling getting harder and longer until his ball popped out of her month and nestled against its twin.

"Oh now doesn't that look lovely? Wet and shiny and all scrunched up... Poor little left one!" As she massage him so the left one came to the fore.

Sinking her head back again and sucked up the left one into the warm wet cavern of her mouth, then treated the left one to the same torture that the right had enjoyed. This time, two fingers of the hand cupping him, started to stroke up and down his perineum. Groaning James was lost, hanging on his pleasure building and, gasping when she gently blew her breath across his wet pouch. Without a pause, Lucy ran her tongue up his full length... A sweeping stroke up the thick, strong muscle that ran up his cock from root to tip and risking a glance she looked up into his piercing blue eyes... His expression almost pained; and as she reached the tip and dipped her tongue into the eye of his glans, his head rolled back and his groaning became a growl. Then with barely a pause she tipped her head and slowly glided him across the roof of her mouth and into the back of her throat. His head snapped forward in time to see Lucy burying him in her, up to her nose, holding him for as long as she could and then letting go. James watched her as she gasped and let him go, stared at the string of dribble hanging from his cock. Then without further ado he bent down, picked her up and threw her on the bed.

His mouth covering hers, trying to take her very essence...

"Shit -- where did you learn that?" His breath was short and panting. "I wanted it to last...But I can't -- Please Lucy" 

Slowly and steadily Lucy nodded her head, and James reached for the night stand drawer, when Lucy's hand covered his. 

"Is that what you want?" She whispered "I'm clean -- I guess you are, and I just want to feel you -- all of you."

His mouth fell upon hers, his lips and tongue doing crazy things to her mouth and libido, all thoughts of condoms gone. Then as he was sweeping his tongue across hers, she felt him slowly, tortuously slide into between her folds and deep into her very core. When he had seated himself as far as he could go, he lifted himself up on his arm and look down on her. As her arms snaked around his neck her legs bend and her feet started stroking up and down his calf muscles. They just stayed like that for several moments just holding, touching and stroking; their lips touching and claiming each other. Then Lucy's feet climbed further up his legs and her toes gently probing and massaging his bottom as they passed and then she locked ankles around his waist. The slow rotation of her hips, rubbing her Mons against his pubic hair only aided to increase the clenching in her lower belly.

"I've wanted you ever since that first day when you walked into the office. First your body, those incredible tits... the way your ass moved when you walked. Oh God then when you spoke... I was beating my cock down... I had to leave and quickly" His confession husky in her ears. "And now, here I am buried deep inside of you and its better than I could ever of imagined."

With that James started to move, slowly pulling out distending her pussy as he moved. She could feel every ridge, every pulse -- could almost feel the walls of her cunt seal back into place, filling the void that he left. Then slowly oh so slowing pushing back in, filling her; increasing the friction between them. His hands crept under the cheeks of her behind and his fingers teased apart the globes of her ass. Slightly lifting higher and changing the angle of his thrust, slowly increasing speed, moving faster; not enough to make her cum, but more than enough to fuel her need. His fingers were now teasing the rosebud of her ass; his index fingers alternately strumming on that ring of muscle; in time with the thrusts of his cock in her pussy.

"Oh God Jim -- fuck!"

"Yes baby... Good isn't it" He whispered "But I'm tired and I want to see you." And in one swift movement he rolled them over, momentarily losing her pussy around him.

Holding one hand in the middle of his chest, and with her tits heaving and swinging Lucy waved a No-No finger at him and scooted down his legs and reclaimed his cock back into her mouth... licking all her juices off that so stiff cock.

"Yummy, Lucy flavored Popsicle" She said as she knelt high over his hips and slowly sank herself onto him.

Holding on tight and when she was halfway down she leaned into him and sensuously kissed his lips, as she finished impaling herself onto him. Using his hands to stabilise herself, Lucy started to gyrate her hips against him. Giving herself the precious friction she needed, the sting of his pubic hair against her clit raw and heavenly. James felt the walls of her cunt close around him, rippling and squeezing -- her thighs clenching his hips as he held her steady, as the force of her orgasm built around him. Her breathing rate was increasing, the glorious rosy nipples deepened to dark red and puckering to small hard nubs. Pulling her closer to him, he held her and was able to suck deep into his mouth her tight hard nipple, sucking and nibbling; all the while increasing the pace and thrust deep within her pussy.

He felt her release, the way her cunt rippled up and down his shaft had him fighting for control, so gritting his teeth, he held her hips pushing tight down onto his, keeping them joined until all her spasms had stopped. He held her close when she collapsed onto his chest, stroking her back and kissing her hair.

Lucy lifted her head, a wry grin on her face, and licked his small pebbled nipple in front of her. Her action was answered by a deep groan in his throat, as his hips lifted and started building the rhythm driving into her again. His hands again cupped her ass and his strong fingers massaging the globes of her bum, his fingers working to the tight muscle ring. 

"Yesss... Jim -- Yes!" Lucy held on tight and just went with the relentless pounding of his cock in her pussy.

His blue eyes boring into hers as she became the rag doll and his cock a steel bar, the punishment on her pussy lips was relentless.

"Come Lucy... fucking give it to me..." he growled in her ear.

His right hand left her ass as he pushed his left finger further in, his free hand came down with a thwack on her bum. The screaming torture that she felt deep inside started to bubble to the top, her body going rigid and needy, clenching; whilst his was hard and relentless.

"Cum on me Lucy... Let it go" he groaned as his teeth again took possession of her nipple -- biting and sucking.

Then it was all too much, the pounding, thrusting in her cunt, the rapid fingering in her ass and the delicious torture at her breast. Throwing her head back she screamed as her world dissolved around her. Then his cry followed hers and she felt the hot sticky release of his cum deep inside her; their aftershocks and exhaustion, holding them tight together before Lucy collapsed in a heap on his chest. The words were all gone... as they just lie there, panting and recovering, his fingers through her hair and her hand gently stroking his chest.

Lucy was the first to speak, "Cook-out tomorrow huh?" Then looking out of the window at the gathering dusk "Do you think we'll make it in time?"

James laughed as he rolled her onto her side and spooned in close behind...

"Depends on how much sleep you need." Then pulling up the duvet "rest now."

The last thought Lucy had as she drifted off to sleep was of piercing blue eyes, being the perfect medicine for an otherwise really bad year.