 Sorry it's been so long since the last installment! Hope this round gets everyone's juices flowing!

It was a beautiful summer day, no clouds in the sky, mid seventies temperature, and an even humidity. Rachel was finally on summer break from her college courses and James had just gotten off work and was looking forward to a few days of vacation as he'd taken some time off work for a little camping trip. Everything was packed up, tent, air mattress and it's pump, pillows and a few blankets. The cooler was stocked with drinks, grill-able foods, and condiments. With the car loaded, they headed off to the beach-side camp ground a little over an hour away.

Upon arrival, Rachel pulled the car up to the gatehouse and James hopped out to check them in. As he started to turn away with the parking permit and space assignment he saw the guy helping him stop and was staring past him. James looked over his shoulder and saw that Rachel had gotten out and was on the passenger side, bent over at the waist with her beautifully round ass sticking out at them while she looked for something in her bag. He turned and winked at the campground staffer, then walked over to Rachel, slapping her backside playfully before hopping into the front passenger seat. Rachel jumped of course, then flung a few obscenities at James for scaring her as she walked back around the car. Once she got in, they rolled down the pot-hole ridden road looking around as they passed spaces full of RV's and tents. Some had groups of older adults, some were families, and a few were still empty but reserved for other patrons.

The road wound back to where they had a short hike to get to the beach, but were protected from wind by an RV nearby on one side and a six foot tall fence on another. Their space was between two other lots, so Rachel parked the car along where cars would be passing the most after unloading the tent and chairs. While the car was being moved, James set to work putting up the smallish two-person tent, then inflating the air mattress. Rachel sat and watched, thankful that her lover knew how to do these things. 

The sun was near setting as James finished and they were both tired from long days so it was decided to crawl into the tent and try to sleep. With clothes off and blankets over them, they snuggled close to warm up the blankets. James kept caressing Rachel's side, hip, and thigh, his fingers brushing the sides of her ample breast as his hand slid past, and teasing at cupping her plump buttocks. He was enjoying teasing her, knowing she was getting turned on by the way her breath kept catching in her throat and the small, quiet moans that escaped her lips.

Not to be the only one getting riled up, Rachel was doing some teasing of her own. Her hand was wandering down James' chest and belly, her fingertips grazing his skin as they moved. She let her nails ever so slightly scratch him as she reached his shaved pubic area, barely avoiding touching his penis and scrotum while her hand moved along the front of his thigh. There was enough light from a neighboring camp fire that she could see the arousal in his eyes.

James allowed his fingers to slide further onto Rachel's breast, gently cupping it from beneath before slipping his hand down the side of her stomach to the crease where her hip met her leg. He gently tickled her there before moving rubbing along her thigh then back up a similar route, but closer to her center. Rachel's breathing was becoming more rapid as her arousal grew and James shifted forward to kiss her.

Their mouths met in a joining of passion, fervently pressed together, tongues rubbing against each other. The kiss served to heighten the sensation of their hands on each other, lines traced out by their nails a burning pleasure drawing out moans from one or the other. Fingers met nipples, pinching and twisting. Hands met genitals, rubbing and stroking.

James had enough of the foreplay. His need for his lover was strong and it fueled him well. He quickly pushed himself up with one arm, and at the same time pulled Rachel beneath him, using one leg to nudge hers apart. Holding himself over her, he leaned down to suck each of her nipples in turn, then kissing from between her tits up to her throat, along one collar bone, then up her shoulder to her neck where he kissed, licked, lightly sucked, and gently bit his way to her earlobe. 

Rachel moaned loudly as she felt James's hard cock throbbing against her as he kissed his way back down her neck, across her upper chest to her other collar bone. Her pussy was wet to the point of it running down the crack of her ass to the blanket beneath them as her man's mouth worked it's way up the opposite side of her neck. She let her hands wander and scratch James' back, she grabbed at his ass trying to pull him inside her to which he resisted. She wanted him bad.

Kissing his way back down the side of this beautiful woman's neck, James moved on to kiss down the center of her chest, then stomach. He paused to kiss and tease her navel before working down to her hairless mound. They had stopped for food on the way out, but hadn't gotten dessert and James figured her wet pussy would be a treat enough for now.

She was so turned on that when she felt the first kiss above her clit, Rachel nearly came.

"Oh fuck, babe!" she moaned. "Don't just kiss it, please?" she begged. James' hot breath on her lower lips only served to push her arousal higher. Rachel could feel her juices flowing from her wet hole, each kiss and breath making her nub throb with lust. She was nearing her limit, about to grab James by the head and force his face into her when he suddenly sucked her clit into his mouth hard.

James smiled as Rachel shoved her hips up at his face while she had her first orgasm with him sucking on her. As she came down he released her love button, gently licking around it. His fingers slid up between her lips, getting coated with her natural lubrication before sliding two in and hooking them up to massage her g-spot. Trying his best not to chuckle at how she arched her back, James kept his fingers moving in her, while he let his lips kiss around her clit light as a feather.

"Fuck James, I'm gonna cum again!" Rachel nearly yelled.

"Come for me, gorgeous. I want to feel you cumming on my fingers." James returned to licking and sucking Rachel's clit as his fingers continued their nearly frenzied dance against that spongy sweet spot within. With her starting to thrust against his face and fingers, he doubled his efforts, sucking her clit into his mouth while flicking his tongue over and around it. His hand with the fingers inside her started thrusting, really getting into her.

Rachel was moaning loudly, no longer caring who could hear her. Her orgasm was getting so close with James finger fucking her hard and working her clit over so well. Suddenly her cunt was empty and her clit free with the cool air washing over her.

"What the-" she started to exclaim, interrupted by James pushing his thick cock into her hard and fast. His hips pistoned his dick into her, his balls slapping against her ass loudly as he pulled her legs up over his shoulders so he could enter her as deeply as possible. She could feel the ridge of the head catching at her opening every time he pulled back, then the whole head pressed against her g-spot as it pushed back towards her womb. She was nearly there, the heat in her center ready to flood her body with it's warmth.

"Oh James! Yes! Fuck me, baby! Fuck me hard!" she screamed.

Rachel's nails dug into James' back as her orgasm hit. He moaned deeply as the sensation of the scratches combined with the walls of her pussy rhythmically squeezing his shaft as he pushed himself into her to the limit and unloaded his hot seed.

"Oh, holy fucking shit, James!" Rachel moaned as her orgasm slowly tapered off. She could still feel his member pulsing, pushing the last of his cum out and into her. She loved that feeling, knowing they were such a good fit that she could feel every movement.

As their breathing slowed, and James softened. They realized that the campers around them were cheering and clapping. With a laugh, James shouted in his best Elvis impression, "Thank you, thank you. Thank you very much!" before he eased off of Rachel to lay next to her.

"The next couple of days should be interesting" he remarked. "Wonder what kind of looks the neghbors will be giving us in the morning."

Rachel lightly slapped his arm. "You are SO bad, babe. You loved knowing that everyone could hear us fucking and me moaning and screaming, didn't you?"

"Well, you know I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, love. What can I say? Plus, it always turns me on when you get loud." James shrugged, "besides, I don't hear you complaining!" He then pulled Rachel to him, kissed her lovingly, and held her as they both drifted off to a well deserved sleep.