 Jamie was incredibly nervous at the thought of finally meeting Steve. They had chatted online for several months and it was time to finally put a face to the mystery. Jamie was a beautiful woman and she knew it but somehow she worried that she wouldn't be everything that Steve expected. After all he could read her like a book, he knew her inner most desires, her secret fantasies, he knew all of her expect the physical side.

Steve sat a booth in the lounge, the place was dark and smoke lingered in the air. 

Steve was also nervous at the thought of finally meeting Jamie. She was alot younger than he was, fifteen years to be exact but they had connected so well online and he couldn't pass up the opportunity of knowing her. 

He had had so many women, and all had been eager to please him but Jamie was different. He wanted to possess her completely, make her his and this was the time. He needed to have her and he hoped he would be able to control himself if she decided against it.

The door to the loungue opened and from where he was sitting, he had a perfect view. Many people came in and out of the place, many attractive women but to his dismay no Jamie. After a few drinks, he looked over to the door again as a tall blonde walked in.

Jamie. His heart almost stopped at the sight of her. She was gorgeous. Even more so than her pictures. She was tall and slim, her hair was golden and he could see her full lips covered in lipstick. He was instantly turned on. She could tempt the devil himself.

She noticed him staring and walked over to where he was sitting. He watched her in awww.

"Hello Steven."

He said nothing. She was always able to tell what a man was thinking just by the way he looked at her and this time was no different. She knew he wanted her. He was very handsome, more so than she could have hoped. He sat there, calm and collected and totally in control of himself.

"Hello Jamie."

"Please, sit down." 

She did as she was told. She wore a short jean skirt and a turtle neck, leaving plenty to the imagination. They stared at eachother without uttering a word. 

"It's nice to finally see what you look like in person" she said. 

Making him wonder if she liked what she saw or if she didn't. She knew they'd be playing games with eachother and this was one game she didn't intend to lose. She knew he was always up for challenge and never lost...

"Same" he said. 

He wanted to touch her, feel her, breathe her. Not because she was attractive but because he wanted to be inside her, inside her head, inside her heart. This was the woman he had been fantasizing about for over a year, the woman he had wanted like no other. And now she stood in front of him and he intend to have her, with or without her consent.

She was always so sure of her looks, of her effect on men but not today...she almost felt like a child in his presence. Like a student, after all she had learned so much from him. He was the most intelligent man she had ever encountered and he had the sexiest mind of anyone she knew.

She wanted him, wanted to seduce him like she had no other, wanted him to want her so much that he needed her. She wanted to make him feel things he never thought possible. But she also wanted to play it cool. 

After a few drinks and a little talk, she put on her jacket.

"Steven, it was so nice to meet you but I really should be going." 

She was playing and anticipated his next move.

"Going?" he laughed. 

He grabbed her arm and whispered in her ear 

"You're not going anywhere Jamie."

"You gonna force me to stay?" She challenged. 

"You want this, I know you do and I'm gonna give it to you."

"You don't own me Steven." 

He reached under her skirt and touched her damp panties. He looked her straight in the eyes 

"This is what you want, you're already wet baby."

She tried not to let it get to her but his arrogance turned her on even more. 

"Let go of me!" 

This made him laugh which made her angry. 

"How about a little wager Jamie? You're always up for a wager aren't you?" 

"Stake your claim Steve." she replied. He let go of her. 

"Come up to my room for a drink and if after 10 min of me annoying the fuck out of you, you're free to go but you won't want to go." 

He knew he would not let her leave if she came up to his room. He was deceiving her but his lust for her was overwhelming. 

"Fine." He paid the tab and they left. He held her arm as they walked out and went up to his room at the hotel in the building next door. 

He opened the door to his suite and lead her inside. 

"Take off your coat, stay a while..." he mocked.

"Funny." She answered almost sarcastically.. 

She did as he said.

He fixed her a drink and handed it to her and did the same for himself.

"Why are you playing games with me Jamie?" 

She laughed. 

"Me? playing games? Isn't that what your specialty is?"

"No, but it is yours...you have men doing exactly what you want all the time, don't you? Well men of your age maybe."

"What's that mean?" She asked. He took her drink and put it down. He moved inches away from her.

"Can you keep a secret Jamie?" 

They stared at eachother. 

"Tonight you will be mine." 

He could see fire in her eyes, this made her furious.

"Fuck you Steve."

"You will." She was going to grab her jacket but he moved too quickly. He grabbed her wrists and pushed her against the wall. 

"You've been teasing me for almost a year Jamie, telling me how you would fuck me when the time came. Well guess what? The time has come."

"If I've changed my mind about fucking you, that's my right."

"Not with me it's not. And since you're not willing to give me what I want, I will just take it from you and you will enjoy every minute of it."

She wasn't scared but she was furious. How dare he?

He kissed her...she tried to free herself but couldn't, he was a very strong man. She tried to protest but his lips locked with hers. He threw her on the bed and moved so quickly she didn't even know what happened...atop her, she tried to fight him off. Tried to slap and scratch him but he quickly pinned her arms above her head. 

"This is what you wanted isn't it?" 

"No." 

"Oh but I know it is." 

"You wanna be treated like a whore so that's just how I'll treat you."

"Is this the way you want me?" she screamed. 

"No, but I want you any way I have you." 

He ripped off her clothes leaving her only in her skimpy panties. She stopped trying to resist him. She didn't want to. She wanted him as much as he wanted her. And there was no denying it anymore. He gently let go of her her.

"No more games Jamie."

He started kissing her neck and she moaned...she had fantasized about this moment for so long. She wanted it to mean more than just a fuck, she wanted everything that he had said to be true...that he loved her and not only lusted for her but at this point, she wanted him so much she didn't care if it was just fucking.

They stopped to stare at eachother for a second. She unbottoned his shirt while he stared. He removed his shirt and thew it aside...She ran her hands up and down his chest. She unbuttoned his pants. 

"Steve, take them off" she pleaded. He did as he was told and stripped naked...He stood over her just staring at her...She was a beautiful woman and she looked so vulnerable lying there waiting for him. His eyes gazed over her body, through her panties he could see her completely shaved pussy and he couldn't look away.

He parted her legs slowly....and slid her damp panties over her hips and tossed them aside. Again he stared at her pussy 

"My God you're beautiful." 

"Steve...I...." 

That's all she could utter before he placed his face inches away from her awaiting pussy. She parted her legs, inviting him to feast on her. He gently kissed the inside of her thigh making his way up. He kissed her pussy lips and began to lick her slit slowly at first.. He used his fingers to spread open her lips. He put his toungue inside her, only a little at first. She moaned. She ran her fingers through his hair. She had imagined this countless times. And his hair was as soft as she had imagined it. She pulled his head closer wanting his toungue deep inside her. She was getting wetter with every lick. He pushed one finger inside her as he kept eating her out, then two. She was so tight, she cried out. His toungue kept going in and out of her, tasting her juices...he sucked and licked her clit, she moaned.

"God Stevennnn.". How he loved when she called him Steven. He slid his hands under her ass to keep her steady while he licked and sucked and ate her delicious pussy...She had never felt pleasure like this. He was so talented, she wondered how many woman he had pleasured this way. Those thoughts turned her on even more. She was ready to cum but she didn't want to. She knew that if she came in his mouth, he would have the upper hand. She was still playing games and she hated herself for it. She couldn't help it. 

"Steve...please stop." 

"Why baby?" How she loved when he called her that. 

"Are you not enjoying this?" 

But he knew she was...she was so wet. He ignored her request. She moaned 

"Oh Goddd."

"Cum for me" he said. 

She tried to fight the orgasm that was building but couldn't. She wanted him so much. He felt her about to cum as she pushed her pussy closer to his mouth wanting his toungue as deep inside her as possible. He licked her faster and harder, teasing her and bringing about an orgasm so powerful she thought she wouldn't be able to take it. Her back arched and she sunk her fingernails in his shoulders making him stop for a second. He took in all of her juices wanting more and more. She tasted so sweet. 

At last he knew she would be his. 

She called out his name as her orgasm subsided "Steeeeevennnn ahhhhh." 

Her body calmed and out of breath she collapsed. He licked all the juices from her,he wanted more of her. He came up to her face and kissed her making her taste herself on his lips.

"My God Steven..." 

He was content with himself, he knew she had never been eaten out like that and no man ever would.

"Give yourself to me." 

"I just did." 

"Completely Jamie." She stared at him. 

To be continued.