 INTRODUCTION

The year was 1963 and two people Penny and Walt met while attending night school at a New Jersey college. While Penny overcame her reluctance to date again, Walt did not allow himself to be locked in to one relationship. The story is told from two points of view, Penny's and Walt's. It is a fictional story that is based on an actual encounter that took place in the early 1960's. As always all characters are over the age of 18 years old. I originally planned for this to be one submission but the story started to get a little too long so it will be handled in two chapters and two submissions. 

MEET PENNY

Penny was a pretty 26 year who was old divorced for almost a year with two young children. She had been in an abusive marriage although it didn't start out that way. Penny married at the young age of 21 to a man of 27. Penny learned that she could become pregnant easily and they had two children within the first two years of marriage. Her husband worked in construction and it the early years they had a decent marriage.

Then her husband started drinking and carousing in the third year of their marriage. He was out every night and sometimes he didn't come home at all. Penny guessed that he started sleeping around. It was true when her husband didn't come home he was shacked up somewhere and if he did come home he was usually drunk and abusive. He would force Penny to have sex with him even if she did not want to.

The sex in their marriage became one way as her husband was only interested in his own satisfaction. He would force Penny to suck his cock until he came in her mouth which she despised. He would fuck her until he came in her pussy not caring whether she orgasmed or not. One night he took her ass and he ignored her screams and pleas as he ravaged her asshole. Penny recalled the immense pain and degradation of that night many times thereafter.

Finally enough was enough and Penny went to her parents with her story. Penny's father hired a private detective to watch Penny's husband and in a short time they had evidence of his infidelity. The divorce was filed and settled quickly. Her husband didn't even try for custody of the children and he wasn't interested in visitation rights either. 

Penny knew that the child support payments would not be sufficient to live on so she took a part time job and then applied to college. She was accepted at college and began night school in the fall of 1963. She was still a very pretty young woman at the age of 26. She had light brown hair, brown eyes, 5' 5" tall, weighed about 110 pounds and she had a cute curvy figure. Penny was not a big woman but she had the bumps in the right spots. Her firm breasts were 32 B with hard nipples. She had a narrow waist, shapely legs and a really cute butt.

Penny was conscious of her ass as she felt it stuck out more than she would have liked. Too many times there were the so called accidental brushes and bumps into her ass. Penny wore fuller skirts most of the time to hide her shapely bottom. It was at class one evening that Penny met Walt.

MEET WALT

Walt was recently honorably discharged from the Marine Corps after a four year stint. He had joined the Corps right out of high school and he was 22 years old when he was discharged. When he came home he had very little money and he could not afford an apartment. He crashed with a buddy of his for a couple of months while he got organized and settled. He worked two jobs for a month to earn some extra money and then kept working nights while he interviewed for jobs during the day. He also applied to a number of colleges. He couldn't afford a car so he used public transportation most of the time and was able to hitch rides now and then.

Walt was accepted into a management training program at a major insurance company headquartered in New York City. He tried to get into a number of colleges and was finally accepted at a school in New Jersey. He then found a room to rent about a mile from the campus and close to the highway where he could catch a bus to the city. He started working with the insurance company in August 1963 and he began classes in September. The management training program was demanding as he had to take 22 credits a year in school, perform well on the job and complete insurance training called LOMA. 

Walt was 6'2", 190 pounds with short brown hair, hazel eyes and very fit. When he was discharged from the corps his body was chiseled and he was very proud of his fitness. He continued to take care of his body and stay in shape. He met Penny at class and he thought that she was pretty cute so he befriended her.

PENNY'S STORY

I noticed Walt right away at class. He was handsome and very fit and I wasn't the only girl that noticed him. A couple of them went out of their way to flirt with him. Walt seemed to be all business though and he was very focused on school and work. We got assigned to work on the same team project and then we got friendlier at class. One time the team decided to get some coffee after class and discuss the project. Walt said that he would need a ride since he didn't have a car. I volunteered to drive him to the diner and then back to his house.

Over the next several weeks our team always stopped for coffee after class and worked on the project a little longer. I had made arrangements for my mother to watch the children on class night so I was didn't have to worry about rushing home. One night when I pulled into the driveway to drop Walt off he didn't get out of the car right away. He moved closer to me in the front seat of the station wagon. 

"I don't think that I ever thanked you properly for all the rides that you have given me," he said.

I just watched as he slid across the bench seat and took me in his arms. I was frozen to the spot as no man other my husband had kissed me in six years. I felt Walt's lips brush mine and I knew that he could feel the tension in my body. He was so gentle though and I gradually relaxed and kissed him back. He gently probed my lips with his tongue and I opened them slightly allowing his tongue into my mouth. We kissed for a few minutes and I felt myself slowly giving in to his advances although I knew it would not go any further than kissing. It felt so good though to be cuddled and kissed again. Soon our tongues were dueling in our mouths and I felt the heat in my vagina. It had been years since I felt anything like that and I knew that my pussy was heating up. I gently pushed Walt away and told him that I needed to get home.

"I have to go my mother is watching the kids and she will be upset if I am very late," I explained.

"Sure, I understand. I'll see you next week. Thanks again for the ride," he said. Then he pecked me on the cheek and got out of the car.

I drove home that night and all I could think was how polite and gentle he had been. I felt very attracted to Walt but I was still on my guard as I was still hurting and not ready to plunge into what might prove to be another disastrous relationship. I arrived home and my mother was a little concerned about my lateness but she didn't make a stink about it.

That night I undressed and went to bed as soon as my mother left the house. I thought of Walt kissing me and holding me as I ran my hands over my breasts under my nightgown. I love the feel of my firm round breasts and my nipples hardened immediately. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and I secretly wished it was Walt's hand caressing my breasts. I felt my pussy heat up again so I let my hand drift down to my vulva and found my pussy to be sopping wet. I located my clitoris and gently stroked it with one finger.

Between stroking my clit with one finger and tweaking my nipples with the other finger, my orgasm was fast approaching. I had masturbated many times since my divorce but I had never been as hot as I was at that moment. My body spasmed and lifted off the bed as a gut wrenching orgasm ripped through me. I covered my mouth with my arm to stifle my screams as I frantically rubbed my clit. Juices seemed to pour out of my pussy and soak my hand as my body trembled with the intensity of my climax. I finally calmed and lay still as my body relaxed. My nightgown was pushed up over my breasts and my panties were down around my knees. I just pushed the panties down with my foot and they slipped off my legs. I then pulled the covers up and fell into a deep sleep.

WALT'S STORY

I walked into the house that night after Penny dropped me off. I had a raging hard-on and my balls ached with desire. I wanted to make love to Penny but I knew that it would take some time. I got the sense that she was very fragile given her situation and that I would need to be very careful as I seduced her. However I was still horny and I hoped that Renee was up for some sex tonight.

Renee was the woman who owned the house where I rented the room. She was 55 years old, divorced and not to sore to the eye, especially after a few drinks. We had been drinking together one evening when we first had sex. It seemed the most natural thing and after that we had sex a few more times always after a few cocktails. I was sure that I was not the first college student that Renee had fucked. I thought back to the first time we had sex. Renee and I were drinking on a Friday evening at her invitation. She was drinking seven and seven and I was drinking scotch. I paced myself but Renee had too much. She told me that she wanted to lay down for awhile so I helped her up to her room.

Once inside the room our clothes came off in record time and lay scattered on the floor as we flopped in Renee's bed. I immediately went down on her but she pulled my head away from her pussy.

"I'm ready, stick that big cock in my cunt," Renee screamed.

I was taken back a little by Renee's language and urgency but I did as she asked. I moved between her legs and slid my rock hard cock into her pussy. She was dripping wet and my cock went in easily though the fit was snug. I pushed my entire cock into her sopping pussy.

"Oh shit you're big. Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me good and hard," Renee cried out.

I was taken back again with her language and her apparent desire for raw sex. Now I may be bigger than average but at about 8" I was not huge by any means. I soon had my cock sliding in and out of her pussy with long steady strokes. I kept my cock in constant contact with her clit and I had her moaning, groaning and thrashing on the bed.

"Oh God this is going to be a quick one. Oh God hold me please hold me!" Renee cried out as her body lurched up at me.

I held onto her tightly and continued to pound my cock into her. Her body trembled and shivered as she was overcome with a mind blowing orgasm. I went right on fucking her as her body spasmed and quaked with the intensity of her climax. Renee wrapped her legs around my torso and humped herself on my cock in a state of frenzy. I felt her nails dig into my back but she did not rake or scratch me for which I was silently thankful. Renee drenched my cock with her female juices and then she collapsed back on the bed. She lay still as I continued to fuck her and drive toward my own ejaculation. Renee sensed that I was getting close and she urged me on. Then she surprised me with her request.

"Don't cum in me. Cum on me, pull out your cock and shoot your spunk all over me. I want to watch you shoot," she yelled.

As she requested when I felt my semen travel from my balls through my scrotum I pulled it out of her pussy. I knelt between her legs and aimed my throbbing dick at her tits. The first rope of cum landed on her face and hair. The second, third, fourth and fifth ropes landed on her neck, tits, and abs. It was the first time I had ever done anything like this and it actually was kind of exciting in a perverted way.

"Oh yeah, look at it all. Spray me, cover me in your cum," Renee cried out as she spread my spunk all over her body rubbing it in to her skin.

She was quite a sight this lady, who was sophisticated in her outward appearance, as she reveled in being cum covered. Renee worked the semen into her skin and licked her fingers clean. She realized that I had stop shooting so she scrambled down the bed to take my cock in her mouth. She sucked every last drop of cum from my cock and then licked her lips displaying her satisfaction.

My cock stayed hard and Renee kept sucking it. Then she pulled her mouth off of it and asked, "Are you going to stay hard and cum again?" I nodded yes and she smiled adding, "Ah youth is a wonderful thing."

Renee kept sucking my cock and it was obvious she clearly had done this many times before. She took me as deep as she could and occasionally tested her gag line. She swirled her tongue around my cock while it was buried in her mouth then she used the tip of her tongue to toy with my pee hole. In almost record time I was ready to shoot again and Renee knew I was close. A few more sucks and then she took my cock from her mouth and she stroked it rapidly as she aimed it at her face. 

"I cumming," I announced as the first jet hit her forehead.

Several more jets of cum hit her face, eyes and nose. Renee used my cock to spread my seed all around her face and then she would take it back in her mouth and suck it clean. She repeated this action until all the semen was scooped up from her face and my cock was sucked clean. My cock softened and Renee eventually released it from her grip. She flopped back on the bed and lay on her back as she stared up at me.

"That was great. I haven't had sex like that in a very long time," she sighed.

My mind returned to the current time as I walked up the stairs of the split level home toward my room. There were three bedrooms upstairs, two of them Renee rented out and her room the master bedroom. The other room was rented out to a book worm named David. The door was always closed so I never knew when he was in the room. I noticed that Renee's bedroom door was wide open and I looked in on her. She was naked lying on top of the bed covers. A half finished drink was on the night stand. I went to my room and took off all my clothes and walked back into her bedroom with a rock hard erection bobbing in front of me. I closed Renee's bedroom door and joined her in bed.

I lay down next to her and stroked her firm tits with their hard nipples. For the first time that night I really looked at Renee and assessed her body. She was attractive and well toned at age 55. At that moment she woke up and smiled at me. I tweaked her nipples gently, rubbed her abdomen and teased her clit as we lay together. My cock was throbbing and Renee stroked it with her hand.

"You are very blessed you know," she said as she slowly stroked the entire length of it, then she added, "I'm glad you came to bed with me."

I started to move between her legs but Renee rolled over on all fours and presented her backside to me. I moved between her legs and eased my cock into her pussy. Renee gasped as my cock entered her snug pussy and she lowered her head to the bed as she arched her shapely ass. I began to fuck Renee from behind and as I did I massaged her curvy ass. My cock was getting moist from her pussy and I scoped up some of her juice and lined her anus with it. Renee tensed at first and then wiggled her ass in response. I took that as I signal to continue playing with her ass and I eased my first finger lubed with her cunt juice into her rectum. Renee cooed aloud at the anal penetration.

"Do you want my ass too? I would love for you to fuck my ass but I need a lot of lube for your cock," Renee asked and the directed, "There is lotion in the bathroom."

I scrambled off the bed after pulling my cock from her pussy. I couldn't believe my good fortune that she asked me to fuck her ass. I located the lube and returned to the bed. I squirted the lotion into Renee's asshole and then massaged in well thoroughly greasing up her hole. After pouring an ample amount of lotion on my cock I added my saliva which made it extremely slippery. I lined the head of my cock up with Renee's asshole and pushed it gently in. The sphincter opened easily and the head popped in. Renee put a hand back on my leg to slow the penetration and then she guided the action from that point. I continued to press forward each time adding another inch or half inch of cock into her ass. It seemed like a long time but I eventually had the entire length in her ass.

"My you certainly know that someone is in your ass when you're in there," Renee gasped.

I slowly fucked her with long slow deliberate strokes. My cock would almost leave her asshole and then it would disappear as I pushed it all the way back in. Renee was breathing hard and I reached down to finger her pussy while I butt fucked her. Her hand was already buried in her pussy so I returned to massaging her shapely ass as I watched my cock slide in and out of her stretched aperture.

"When you are ready to cum take out your cock and aim it straight at my asshole. Then after you shoot put it back in my ass and push your spunk in with it," she said in a sultry voice.

I fuck her ass hard as my hips slapped into her ass cheeks causing them to jiggle slightly. My cock was rock hard and I could feel the early build up of another orgasm. Renee was using her anal muscles to squeeze my cock as it was imbedded in her ass. On the verge of cumming I pulled my cock from her ass and aimed it right at her dilated asshole. My body tensed briefly and then I fired another round of spunk this time hitting her asshole as she had asked.

"Oh yeah that's it I feel it. Cum on me," she yelled in reaction to my ejaculation.

My spunk bounced off her anus and most of it trickled down over her pussy lips. Some of it gathered around her asshole and then I pushed my cock back in her ass. As I penetrated her rectum again I pushed a small amount of semen in with my cock. Renee then milked my cock dry with her anal muscles draining every drop from my pecker. My deflated cock slipped from her asshole and I watched as she squeezed more cum out of her ass. Renee kept clenching and unclenching her anal muscles pushing my spunk out of her ass. It was a very erotic sight to watch cum ooze out of her asshole, trickle down over her pussy lips and run down her inner thighs. Renee rolled over on her back and I flopped down beside her. We were both exhausted so we just lay quietly together for several minutes before Renee fell back asleep. I quietly got out of her bed to return to my room. I looked back at her cum covered ass as she slept and then I shut the door to her bedroom. 

I set the alarm and hit the sack. 6:00 AM would come early and I was exhausted. I was glad that tomorrow was Friday but I did have a massive amount of homework that weekend. I would be at the house all weekend and there was a good chance that Renee and I would have sex again at least one night.

PENNY'S STORY – THE NEXT OUTING

I had looked forward to Thursday class all week although I didn't no what to expect from Walt or myself for that matter. It was a rainy cold Thursday and after class our team decided not to go the diner for coffee. We were almost done with the project anyway. I offered Walt a ride to his place anyway since in was raining. I was glad that it was raining so that he didn't think that I wanted to be with him again. I was still scared of any male relationship at this point. Walt accepted the ride and we parked in the driveway and talked for a few minutes. The rain was pouring down and visibility was non-existent. Walt stayed with me in the car while I waited out the downpour.

I told Walt about my marriage and my current state of life. He empathized with me and put his arm around me. This time I moved to where he was seated and I was receptive when he kissed me. We kissed for several minutes and then I felt Walt's hand move over my dress and cover my breast. I tensed up for a second but I didn't panic and I didn't pull his hand away. He gently massaged my breast as he kissed me. Our tongues were now in each other's mouth and I was getting very excited.
