 This story is around 90% true, names have been changed and some things have been intensified for storytelling purposes. This is my first proper erotic story so if you must criticise please do it constructively. Also everyone in the story is over 18.

*****

Jamie sat in English class, bored as usual. He actually did enjoy going into detail about books and films, but just couldn't get into the most recent poem they had started to analyse. 'At least it's Friday afternoon' he thought to himself. His parents were away for the weekend so he had the house to himself. No major parties were gonna happen, just chill out and relax. He had driven to school today so he didn't have to rush for a good seat. He began looking around the classroom to see if anything exciting would catch his eye. Grace sat across from him eyes fixed on the poem, she was wearing a short skirt. His gaze shifted to Hannah. Hannah's massive tits pushed her white shirt to its absolute limits. He looked in the direction of Miss Gentleman the English teacher. She was a BBW. Gorgeous wee face with full red lips. Long brown hair that rested on her shoulders. Tits bigger than your head, an ass that you could get lost in for days, and plenty to hold onto. Jamie always had a thing for her and decided that today he was going to take a risk. The end of day bell went and everyone left the classroom, Jamie intentionally left his folder behind. He knocked and entered the classroom closing the door behind him.

'Hi Jamie, what's up?' Said Miss Gentleman. 

'Forgot my folder' he said nonchalantly. As he stuffed it into his bag he asked 'got any plans for the weekend miss?'

'No nothing exciting, Harry is away on business until Sunday so probably just microwave dinner and some Breaking Bad. What about yourself?'

'Well my parents are away so just gonna chill out and do nothing.' Jamie smiled. He had a good relationship with Miss Gentleman. She had taught him English since 1st year and because of his natural interest a friendship had blossomed. It also helped that Jamie was incredibly attracted to her. He had fantasised about her when he began masturbating and many times since then. Going through puberty he had many awkward boners in her classroom. 'Parents are away and you're not having a mad party? You're a different kind of teenager aren't you?' Miss Gentleman had always liked Jamie. He was a very hardworking pupil and a genuine good person.

'Nah. I like the idea of a chill weekend. No mental parties, no drunken adventures. Just relaxation and TV.' Jamie took a deep breath and decided to go for it.

'Well I was wondering actually if you could take a look at the essay I'm doing. I don't know if it's going to be good enough.' If he could get her to his house that would be step one completed. 

She thought about it for a moment and decided she would go out of her way for one of her favourite pupils.

'Okay, give me two minutes to get everything organised then we can go.'

Jamie smiled. Jamie and Miss Gentleman left the classroom, went to the parking area and went towards his Peugeot 207. He only lived half an hour away from the school but during the car they talked about old pupils and how school used to be.

As they pulled up into his driveway Jamie had to take another deep breath. His teacher/ fantasy girl was about to come into his house. 

'You have a really nice house Jamie.'

'Thanks Miss. If you want to wait in the sitting room I'll go get the essay.'

Miss Gentleman sat on the beige leather couch waited for Jamie. He returned, pulled a table over and handed Miss Gentleman the essay. He sat right next so close their legs were touching but she didn't move away. As Miss Gentleman studied the essay Jamie's eye began to wander, she was wearing a flannel shirt that wasn't buttoned all the way up and allowed just enough cleavage to be shown. Jamie just stared as her breathing caused her huge breasts to heave up and down. 'Overall I would say this is brilliant Jamie. This should pass no bother.' Said Miss Gentleman. She smiled. She had always liked Jamie. Smart funny and a good person. She trusted him more than any other pupil she had ever taught, often leaving him in charge if she was required to leave suddenly. She thought momentary she caught Jamie looking down her top but shook it off.

'Nice one. Thanks Miss, I was just nervous about it. I was wondering, seeing as Harry and my parents are away, and as a thank you for coming over outside of school, why don't you stay for dinner? I was going to order from Golden Palace, and I remember they're your favourite. What do you think?' Jamie couldn't believe he had actually asked her to stay for dinner. 

'Oh. Uhm. I'm not sure. I've already got something at home Jamie.' Miss Gentleman was a little stunned, had he really asked her to stay for dinner? 

'Ah come on Miss, my treat. It'll be a good laugh, and I'll take you home straight after.'

Miss Gentleman thought the offer was harmless enough. 

'Oh alright then. Why not?'

Jamie smiled, his dream was coming true before his very eyes. Jamie ordered the meal and the two began to talk. They discussed what pupils they thought would fail the end exam. Miss Gentleman felt naughty saying the names but she was having too much fun to care.

When the meal arrived Jamie set it out nicely and poured Miss Gentleman a glass of red wine.

After two hours of playful flirting and banter they sat on the sofa legs touching again. 

'So tell me a bit about Harry. I don't really know him.'

'Well maybe it's for the best Jamie. He's not to everyone's liking. Plus he's so busy with work at the moment we haven't spent much time together recently.' Jamie knew what she meant. He had overheard her talking to the French teachers about how useless Harry was in bed. Apparently he was less than 4 inches and a selfish lover.

'Well I should probably go. It's getting late and I don't want people talking about me spending this much time with a pupil out of hours.'

'Oh don't worry Miss. We haven't done anything wrong... yet.' The end caught Miss Gentleman's attention, he said yet.

He took another deep breath. 

'Miss Gentleman I'll be honest. This is the most fun I've had in ages, I love spending time with you.'

Miss Gentleman was a tad confused. 'Thank you Jamie. I had alot of fun tonight.' She took a step backwards.

'Look Miss wait. I can't hide it anymore. I'm obsessed with you. I want to be more than pupil and teacher.'

'Jamie that's sweet but we can't. I'm married and your teacher. '

'So what? We don't need to tell anyone and your husband isn't there for you. I will always be there. I know he's not fulfilling your needs Miss.'

Miss Gentleman went red.

'I don't know what you're talking about Jamie.'

'Yes you do. A woman like you deserves to be treated like a goddess not three minutes of un fulfilling sex. Just give me a chance to make you happy Miss.' And with that he kissed her. Miss Gentleman was shocked. Her favourite pupil was kissing her, and she was enjoying it, she hadn't been kissed with this vigor in some time. Jamie began caressing her hair and eventually broke off.

'So do I get a chance Miss?'

'Jamie, if this is a cruel joke then stop, I'm far too big to be appealing to a young man like you.'

Miss Gentleman wasn't proud of being a bigger woman. She had tried diets and exercise but nothing seemed to work, this was her life.

'I think you look amazing Miss. Your stunning eyes, beautiful lips, and don't even get me started on the rest of you.' 

Miss Gentleman smiled, at least someone thought she was attractive even if it was a pupil. 

'What do you mean don't get you started?'

'Miss I've fantasised about you since I was 13. The way your hips shake as you walk, when you lean over to talk to me, and when you bend over to pick something up it blows my mind.'

Miss Gentleman couldn't believe this young man had felt this way about her. She wouldn't admit it but she had felt similar before. Miss Gentleman knew Jamie was a young attractive guy but she had always been curious about a rumour circulating the school.  

A few months ago Miss Ruxton had walked into the boys changing room by accident, Jamie was the only one left inside and was towelling off when she came in. She dropped her notes when she saw the size of his cock. Apparently he had a monster, at least 8 inches and he wasn't even hard at the time. He wasn't a virgin either, Iona had apparently slept with him and had difficulty walking for a few days. 'Jamie, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't interested. But we can't, I'm still a married woman. I made a vow.'

'Miss please. He doesn't make you happy, but I promise you I can. Come on Miss.'

Miss Gentleman couldn't help herself. She moved towards Jamie and held his hands.

'Okay Jamie. But you have to swear you won't tell anyone. '

'I promise you Miss Gentleman.'

And with that he kissed her passionately again. His tongue forced its way into her mouth and she accepted it and put her arms around him. Jamie began rubbing up Miss Gentleman's legs and eventually was caressing her huge ass. He couldn't even fit his hands round them. They broke the kiss and smiled into each others eyes. Miss Gentleman knew she had made the right choice but still was nervous, and Jamie was finally about to have his fantasy come true. Jamie quickly scooped Miss Gentleman into his arms showing how strong he was. 

Miss Gentleman gasped at his strength and was amazed. He carried her into his bedroom and placed her on his king sized bed on her back.

'I promise you're gonna love this miss.'

Jamie began undoing Miss Gentleman's jeans and slowly pulled them down exposing her black panties and thick legs. Miss Gentleman was used to this part, then usually a few minutes of awkward thrusting and then her husband falling asleep, but she was pleasantly surprised when Jamie began kissing her thighs. She was very sensitive and shuddered.

'Ooh Jamie' she cooed as he got closer to the now very damp patch. He pulled them off her was greeted by the most beautiful pussy he had ever seen. Completely shaven and still very tight his prayers had been answered and he inhaled the sweet smell. He smiled at Miss Gentleman and began eating her snatch. Miss Gentleman moaned. She hadn't been eaten out in years, not since she was skinny and unmarried. Jamie's tongue made her feel amazing, like she was loved again. She began to writhe as Jamie inserted his tongue. 

Suddenly not even a minute after he had begun Miss Gentleman felt a wave of pleasure shooting through her. She pushed Jamie's face deeper into her pussy and smothered him with her thighs. The most intense orgasm of her life was happening as this teenage was tongue fucking her cunt.

She was in ecstasy. The feeling subsided and Jamie came up for air.

His face moist with her fluids he smiled and stood up. Miss Gentleman knew what to do, she had to repay the favour. She slid off the bed onto her knees in front of Jamie looking up at him.

'Take your top off, I have to see those tits from up here.'

Miss Gentleman complied and her massive J cup breasts bounced free. 

Jamie was on cloud 9, here was his fantasy BBW teacher on her knees naked in front of him. 

'Miss before we go any further I have to tell you. I'm. .. I'm... well just don't be afraid alright.' Jamie began undoing his belt as Miss Gentleman's green eyes looked up at him, waiting. She was quite nervous, she didn't suck much cock and when she did it was small and easy to finish. 

Jamie allowed his jeans to drop to the floor and his cock sprung out into Miss Gentleman's face. It nearly knocked her out.

'Holy shit.' She moved her face back and tried to take in what was in front of her. The largest cock she had ever seen standing proud in front of her. 

'Jamie... oh my god.'

'I know. Most girls panic when they see it, and the few that continue don't last long. I guess 11 inches is just too big'.

Miss Gentleman still couldn't fathom it. 11 inches of teenager cock was in front of her and she was expected to put it in her mouth. 

'So what do you think? I understand if you don't want to.'

Miss Gentleman didn't want to put this massive member in her mouth but felt she had to. 

She looked up and smiled.

She began licking up and down the huge shaft. She got to the head and swirled her tongue around it. From the sounds Jamie was making she was doing a good job. She aimed the monster at her mouth with one hand and fondled his gargantuan balls with the other. She slowly slid his cock into her mouth, around 5 inches and began to bob backwards and forwards. He moved the hair out of her face and looked down as his BBW teacher sucked on his cock.

Jamie began moving his hips slightly and simply said 'deeper', Miss Gentleman knew she had to put more into her mouth. She moved forwards, 6 inches, 7 inches, 8 inches deep! She began to gag and Jamie pulled his cock out of her mouth. 

'It's just so big Jamie' 

He smiled and began smacking her face with his erect cock, she loved it. 'Stand up' said Jamie as he helped her up. Jamie looked at his naked teacher standing before him. He began sucking on one of her huge tits and with his hand playing with the other. Miss Gentleman loved the sensation, she couldn't help but notice his ginormous cock was pressing into her stomach. After a few minutes Jamie stopped and decided it was time for his fantasy to come true. He slowly began entering his BBW teacher. He was around 7 inches in when he decided to slam the rest in. Another 4 inches right into her pussy. Miss Gentleman couldn't believe that his whole 11 inch cock was inside her, it knocked the wind out of her and she couldn't even talk because of how good she felt. Jamie simply wiggled from left to right inside her to see his teacher squirm.

He pulled back a few inches and began properly fucking her. It felt amazing for both of them. Miss Gentleman could feel his cock in her stomach every time he slammed into her. The sounds of his huge balls slapping against her massive ass was like music. 

After a few minutes Miss Gentleman couldn't hold herself up and ended face into the pillow and ass ever higher up. Jamie was fucking her into his bed. He would occasionally spank her ass for good measure. He had both hands on her back for maximum penetration. His dream had come true. After 5 minutes Miss Gentleman began to get that feeling again. She had to bite her lip to stop herself from screaming as she came on Jamies monster cock. 

Jamie slowly pulled out and looked at his quaking teacher that wad bent over his bed. Her legs were shaking and some juices dripped down onto the carpet.

Jamie helped her stand up and began changing position. He lay down on his bed and told Miss Gentleman to 'climb on'. Miss Gentleman stood on the bed and began squatting down above his cock. She put her left hand on Jamie's chest for balance and aimed his dick with her right. She brought herself down onto it slowly and moaned again as his full length went up into her. She bounced up and down on top of her teenage lover, her pussy felt amazing. 

Jamie looked up at his fantasy girl bouncing on his dick and couldn't help but moan himself. 'Fuck yeah Miss. Bounce on it baby. Yeah' After another 6-7 minutes Jamie asked Miss Gentleman to stop.

'Is it time Jamie?'

'No not yet.' Miss Gentleman couldn't believe her ears. They had been passionately making love for almost half an hour now with no signs of slowing down.

'It's just, well I want you to sit on my face. I want your amazing ass to smother me while I lick your pussy.'

'Okay Jamie. Sounds fun.'

Jamie lay down flat on his bed and Miss Gentleman stood above him. Her ass and pussy slowly began to get closer until she eventually was straddling his face. Jamie's lounge once again entered his teachers pussy as he massaged her ass with his hands. She grabbed his hair from beneath her legs and pushed him deeper as he lounge fucked her again. She only lasted two minutes before she was ready to orgasm again. This time she loudly screamed out 'OH FUCK YES JAMIE.' The neighbours definitely heard her. She unstraddeled her teenage lovers face and lay on her back on his bed. She was breathing heavily. Jamies hand squeezed her enormous tit once and then he stood up. He flipped her so he could see that amazing ass again and began massaging it with one hand and playing with her pussy with the other. 

'Jamie you are amazing. I've never came as hard in my life. But you're going to have to give my pussy a wee break.' Said Miss Gentleman. 

'Oh I was planning on that Miss. I had another idea.' Jamies thumb began rubbing around Miss Gentleman's asshole and she gasped. 

'Jamie no. I've never done that before. We can't, Miss Ruxton says it's really sore'

Jamie smiled and began circling her hole.

'Only if you're not lubed up. I've never done it either Miss. Look you'll never know if you don't try it, you might love it.

How about we just try it out and if your uncomfortable I'll stop.'

Miss Gentleman looked back at Jamie. This kind young man had already made her cum twice, plus she felt an experience like this would only make their relationship ever closer.

'Okay but really slowly right? And please be gentle '

'Awesome. Get on your hands and knees on the floor and I'll get some lube.' As Miss Gentleman did as she was told Jamie came back into the room holding a bottle of baby oil.

He opened the cap and began coating Miss Gentleman's ass with the lotion. It gave her ass an amazing gleam and Jamie began rubbing it in. He had used almost all the bottle to completely glaze her ass in it and it looked incredible. It shone as the light hit it and Jamie knew he was about to put 11 inches of young cock right up his teachers asshole. 

He knelt down behind Miss Gentleman and massaged her ass.

'You ready for this?' Jamie asked. 

Miss Gentleman took a deep breath and nodded.

Jamie smacked his cock on her ass a few times and even gave her pussy a quick rub. He pushed his cock right up against her asshole and could feel the resistance. He pushed slightly and entered her ass, he had officially taken her anal virginity. As Jamie stuffed his meaty cock up his teachers asshole he moaned. Miss Gentleman's ass was tight as a vice. He got the whole head in when Miss Gentleman couldn't take it.

'Jamie stop. I can't. It's too sore. It feels a little bit nice but it hurts.' She had begun to cry.

Jamie held onto her stomach to keep her in place.

'Shh it's alright, just a little bit more.'

He pushed deeper into her asshole, she couldn't help but yell out 'Ow fuck. Stop' but he didn't. He was around 4 inches into her tight ass. His dick wasn't just long but had incredible girth as well. He was too thick and big for her ass and he could feel himself stretching her out.

He kept going until he was around 7 inches deep when he stopped. 

'Still want me to stop?' He asked. 

'No. It hurts but it feels so good.' Miss Gentleman said through the tears. Miss Gentleman pushed back forcing his cock further until he was all 11 inches deep. He began pulling back then slammed hard again causing his balls to smack her pussy. 

He fucked her hard and deep inside her asshole. Continuing to push his beast of a cock inside her BBW ass.

Jamie took his left and pulled Miss Gentleman's hair so her head was up high and she was forced to look forwards and arc her back. She loved the way she was being anally dominated by her pupil. Jamie continued to ass fuck his teacher for another 10 minutes until his huge cock caused her to cum again. She moaned as the thick teenage cock in her ass tore her insides to shreds. Her pussy juice dripped down her legs as her star pupil continued to dominate her. 

Once Miss Gentleman had finished, Jamie slowly pulled all the way out of her.
