 Goes without saying that everyone involved, including the voluptuous Jamie, is 18 years of age and above. Enjoy.

*****

"Please...please..." Jamie begged. She was so close to cumming, she could feel it. The shudders inching towards her toes, her fingers crumpling the bedsheets; gripping it so hard she could feel her nails dig into her palms through the wrinkled fabric. "Please make me come, Stefan!"

She felt a whisper of a smile on her pussy lips. He ground his day old stubble against her sensitive inner skin and she moaned, thrusting her pussy into his mouth, aching for his magical tongue and lips. His hands wrapped sensuously around her thick thighs, pulling her against him so he could taste her delicious nectar again and again. 

"You sure?" he murmured against her, his teeth nipping delightfully, tugging at her clitoris. She gasped as his teeth grazed against her, wondering where on earth he learnt to do something as sinful as that. 

"Please, please, dear god, please, just make me cum! Fuck you, Stefan, just make me fucking cum, goddamit!"

"Mmmm...naughty girl." 

His fingers reached up, tweaking her large, fat, rosy nipples that tipped her pendulous breasts that were covered in a sweaty sheen. At the same time, he slid his tongue, dipping into her dripping cunt, like a cat lapping up milk and her climax started to peak in earnest. 

"Oh god oh god oh god oh god oh goddammit, I'm cumming, Stefan! I'm gonna cum into your dirty dirty mouth, oh, baby, I'm so close, I'm so fucking close!"

He gripped her tight around her hips and placed her knees over his shoulders for the coup de grace. And when his lips closed around her pulsating clit and he drew it into his mouth and vacuum-sealed her pleasure bud, she gushed.

Oh, did she gush. 

She squirted against his chin, against his chest, against his tongue and mouth that opened up to gulp her cum like he was a dying man in a sunbaked desert, smearing her climax against her pussy with that divinely skilled tongue. She squealed like a stuck pig, skewered against his lips, driven to madness by his oral talent. He kept drinking, the initial forceful jets of her honey starting to slow to a dribble after having soaked his face and upper body and having left a sizeable puddle on the sweat-drenched mattress. When her hips finally collapsed on the bed, body shuddering and her breasts tingling in the afterglow of a climax that left her seeing stars, he climbed in between her legs and slowly plunged his cock into her pussy, burying it to the hilt. 

"Oh FUCK." A mini orgasm, and Jamie's toes curled. 

"Oh yes. And many more," smiled Stefan.

Her moans and screams would continue long into the night.

*****

She didn't think that she was going to be screaming a man's name whilst she lay spread eagled in his bed as he exquisitely tortured her pussy with his mouth at 5p.m. that evening. 

She had just arrived in town for work. Dragging her laptop and a pink medium sized American Tourister carry-on, she turned up at the hotel front desk in a hot and sweaty state. Her fingers danced impatiently on the countertop as the usual apologies were conveyed by hotel staff for somehow miraculously not being able to find her reservation. After a wait that took a lot longer than it should, she finally signed the requisite documents, picked up her keycard, and headed to her hotel room for a long, hot shower and a chance to catch a few zzzs before dinner. 

*****

She stood in front of the mirror, critically appraising her figure that was drenched in the afternoon sun. 

She was definitely Rubenesque. Tits that would not look out of place in a PlayBoy magazine, 38H cups and proud of it. There was a slight droop, of course. Boobs that big are rarely victorious against the pull of gravity. But her nipples defied all odds, when erect resembled a wine cork halved width wise and were perky and rose coloured against aureolas the size of mini pancakes. Her hips were generous. Butt begging to be grabbed, her chunky thighs strong from marathon shopping sessions, and her pussy. Bare. Not even a single hair near her delicate folds. She preferred that feeling of being clean and she took almost obsessive measures to ensure she remained silky smooth. Her belly bulged, of course, a result of her other hobby apart from shopping, which was food. Oh well, she thought, she'd never be a size 6. But she had gotten her fair share of suitors wanting a piece of that booty. Not that she indulged every one of them. When you supply the demand, you tend to take your pick of clientele. 

As her fingers slid down her body, she grazed her nether regions and shivered. It had been a while since she pleased herself sexually, especially with all the late nights at work and the constant travelling. When you see the inside of an airplane more often than your own bed at home, it's hard to get a little girl time. But then, that's what electric toothbrushes are for.

She'd heard of more than one horror story where an errant vibrator went off in a women's luggage and security had to reveal it's buzzing contents to all and sundry. A toothbrush? Well, no one thought twice about it. That said, men and their dirty minds tend to catch on a little quicker than most and when they had spied the electric toothbrush in the X-ray scan, most of them had smiled to themselves and given her a wink. That one time her electric toothbrush DID go off in her luggage, a security guard who had an uncanny resemblance to David Beckham had taken her into a private screening room for luggage inspection. It had turned out with her being fucked all over the room, one of his rough hands buried in her curls as he did her doggy style and another wrapped around her ample waistline as she braced herself, half dizzy from pleasure and holding the vibrating handle of the electric tooth brush against her clitoris. They had orgasmed together in an explosion that still made her pussy moist in an instant. 

Whilst they were both standing and he had her pressed against the wall, he had slipped his cock into her pussy from behind as he had lifted her into the air onto his cock. With one arm pressed against the wall and her legs akimbo, her other hand had slipped and instead of nudging her pleasure centres, she had eased the buzzing toothbrush handle right into her pussy as Mr. Beckham lookalike's dick had made its way inside her as well. The incredibly tight fit along with the vibrations had resulted in a scream that led to her first squirting experience and a torrent of cum from godknowswhere. His ejaculation was so intense that he left handprint bruises along her hips as he plunged in for a final time and painted her vaginal walls with baby batter. 

She had made her way out of the private screening room on a orgasmic high, soaking wet tights from their mixed fluids that was now pooling in her high heels, and a small USB flashdrive with the footage from the camera in the screening room of their little, er, tete-a-tete. She giggled, remembering about the security guard passed out, bottom naked on the couch, as she made her way to her next departure gait. That would be a story he would never forget. 

But now, she needed a little me time. 

Plopping down on the big king sized bed, she slipped her pink pouting pussy lips open and slid the switch on the toothbrush handle. A gentle and very comforting buzz filled the room as she gently stroked herself. 

"Mmmmm..." she moaned to herself. Her legs spread wider as her fingers splayed herself open a little more, exposing her quickly moistening clitoris to the hard, warm plastic. She gasped as it fumbled in her grip, pressing directly against her pussy. She was close, she could feel it. Reminiscing about her past fuck with the security guard had her on edge, ready to blow. But she didn't want to cum. Not yet. Not that soon. 

She slowly stroked herself, pushing herself to the brink of her climax and then allowing herself to ease off, allowing the shudders that shook her body to ebb away before teasing herself again and again. She deprived herself of cumming hard and fast over and over again. She was after a nice, slow, tantalising fuck. But it was so tempting to just let herself go. 

She placed the buzzing handle within the first 2 inches of her vagina, feeling her g-spot immediately stimulated and the beginnings of a rumbling orgasm building in the distance. One hand quickly started pulling and tugging at her rock-hard nipples and another drew small circles around her bud. Her eyes squeezed shut, willing her climax into being. 

The tongue that lapped her pussy from bottom to top was unexpected. And enough to send her into a screaming fit.

"OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCKING GOD MAKE ME COME OH HOLY FUUUUCCCCKKK!"

Her thick thighs clamped the surprised head tight into her cunt as her chubby fingers smashed its nose deeper and deeper as she screamed and shrieked her relief. She did not ejaculate as hard as she thought she would, squirting like an errant firehose. She gushed in a large quantity, though, like a rising tide, and it poured out of her as her hips bucked like a wild horse being tamed. She continued to thrust against the phantom tongue, allowing her nipples to be pinched and pulled until it blossomed blood red against her pale, white flesh, and her mouth stayed in a perpetual "O" until she rode out the lingering shivers of her orgasm. 

She couldn't breathe. She thought she had died. She saw stars everytime she blinked and as her thighs dropped open, weak and powerless, she glanced up, looking to thank the amazing deliverer of her sexual salvation. 

Just in time to see the hotel housekeeper, dressed in a maid's outfit, collapse in her own delicious climax as she knelt down on the floor, one hand buried in her pussy and moving in a blur whilst she used her other hand to salvage the remnants of Jamie's nectar and suck it off her fingers. The maid's blond curls shook as her head tipped back in ecstacy. 

"What's...your...name?" breathed Jamie huskily, swallowing lustily at the vision of sex before her. 

"I'm...mmmmmm...you taste so good...Chloe. I want more of you." 

The two ladies smiled at each other. They knew it was going to be an interesting evening. 

*****

wanna hear more? Shout out below and I'll update Part II when it's ready +P*

Stefan7