 It was the Monday after Miss Gentleman and Jamies encounter. After the pounding she had taken she was relived she had a few days off work to recover. They didn't contact each other during the weekend but Miss Gentleman was nervous about the impending Monday. She trusted Jamie but was still nervous that word might somehow get out that they has spent the night together. 
During the Saturday morning before Jamie drove her home they made both made each other cum once. Jamie has gone down on her again and Miss Gentleman had given him a quick handjob while he had sucked on her huge breasts. 
Monday morning rolled around and Miss Gentleman prepared herself for work.She arrived at the school wearing a white shirt and a red skirt. She also decided to wear a black thong underneath. Her first few classes breezed by as she could think about was Jamie. Her virile young lover had a lesson with her just before lunch. 
When his class finally came around he was first into the room. He smiled and winked at the BBW teacher, who felt herself blush. 
She set the class to work and sat staring at Jamie, their eyes met every so often and Jamie could see the smile form on her beautiful face.
'Miss Gentleman, could I nip to the toilet for a minute?' Asked Jamie.
'Yeah of course' Miss Gentleman replied. 
A minute after Jamie had left the class Miss Gentleman's phone vibrated on her desk.
'Hey babe, how's your day? I had to get out of that classroom, every time I look at you I start getting hard. Was thinking we could go to a hotel for the weekend,  have some fun, let our hair down. Let me know by the end of the day and I'll book everything.'
Miss Gentleman was overjoyed at his text. She could wait till Friday before having some more fun with Jamie. He returned to class and continued his work. Miss Gentleman's mind began racing, what exactly did he have planned for their romantic getaway?As the lunch bell rang the class left the room, all except from Jamie. 
Miss Gentleman broke the silence, 'I'd love a weekend with you Jamie. I'll tell Frank its a teacher thing, he won't care anyway. I'm so excited.'
She began to move forward her arms extended to embrace her lover. 
Jamie gave her a quick hug, then broke it off. 
'I'll book the hotel tonight. Speak to you soon Miss.' And with that Jamie left the room.Every so often a text from Jamie would arrive and make her day, including one of him fully erect in the toilets, that was her favourite one. She masturbated at home to the picture and the memories of it being inside her. Friday was upon her before she knew it, they has arranged to meet at a hotel in the city at separate times to avoid any suspicion. As Miss Gentleman arrived she realised how posh it was. 'The Palace' was a 5 star luxury hotel, she never thought she would be staying somewhere as posh as here. 
As she entered the main lobby she was astounded by the majesty of it all, it was huge with amazing paintings displayed everywhere. It was far too rich for her blood. Jamie was in room 525, she entered the elevator and began the climb.As the doors opened she stepped out, she found his room easily and took a deep breath. She was wearing another flannel shirt and a short skirt. She knocked on the door and heard movement inside. She saw the handle turning and the door was opened in front of her. Before she knew it Jamie whisked her inside the room, slammed the door shut and began kissing her. She was slightly shocked as his tongue forced its way into her mouth but she let it happen. Jamie's hand began caressing Miss Gentleman's body up and down her sides and her back.  After a few minutes Jamie broke the kiss. ' Hey Miss. Sorry, when I saw you I just had to kiss you. Listen I have a dinner reservation at 7 so how about a quick shower, get dressed and then have some good food and expensive wine.'
Miss Gentleman couldn't believe her ears. She was happier than she thought possible.'Okay,sounds like a good plan to me.' Miss Gentleman answered. Jamie took her suitcase and Miss Gentleman went into the bathroom. The shower was big enough to fit a family of 5 inside. She began taking off her clothes and entered the shower. After her and Jamie's first time together she had to use half a bottle of shampoo to get his cum out of her hair.
She was rinsing her hair when the shower door slid open. Instinctively she covered her boobs and vagina, but before her stood Jamie, naked and smiling. 
'Room for one more?'Jamie stepped inside the shower and closed the door.
Miss Gentleman had never showered with someone else before. Before she knew it Jamie's powerful hands were massaging her enormous tits, squeezing them. Miss Gentleman let out a gentle moan and one of her pupils rubbed her tits sensually. His right hand began moving down, eventually finding her pussy. He rubbed it slowly and delicately. 
'Ooh, wow.' Miss Gentleman loved the feeling, one hand on her boob and one just caressing her pussy. Jamie slowly inserted his index finger into his BBW teacher. He pushed as deep as he could then all the way back out again, he held it to Miss Gentleman's mouth and forced it in. As she licked her own juices off his finger he began fingering her again with his free hand. Three fingers in her tight snatch and sucking on another made her unbelievably horny.
He began to pick up speed with both hands, back and forth, in and out. Miss Gentleman knew she couldn't hold out for long.
'You don't have to be quiet this time Miss, let it go.'With Jamie's command she did, and came all over his fingers. She moaned as loud as she could while continuing to suck Jamie's sticky finger. 
Jamie removed all his fingers from Miss Gentleman and smiled. He took her hand and guided it to his cock that was rock hard. Even though she had already seen him in action the sight of an 11 inch teenage cock still shocked her. The combination of warm water and a tender hand felt amazing as Miss Gentleman slowly jerked his huge erect cock. She put her other hand on his balls and squeezed gently. 
'Miss, I want to try something. Turn around and bend over bit.'
Miss Gentleman giggled and did as she was told. Her massive ass stuck out behind her and she wiggeled it a bit. Jamie loved her ass, he couldn't even fit one cheek in his large powerful hands. Miss Gentleman prepared herself for a hard fuck, both his hands were clutching her ass, but he didn't penetrate her. Miss Gentleman looked over her shoulder confused. 
'Everything okay babe?'Jamie had pressed his cock in between Miss Gentleman's ass cheeks. He began moving up and down using her massive ass to jerk his cock. 
'Oh fuck yeah. This feels amazing, don't move.'
Miss Gentleman actually liked the feeling, his cock was long, and fat so the shaft was rubbing her asshole a little bit giving her occasional spasms of pleasure. To Jamie the sight of his cock pressed into the magnificent ass of his teacher was almost too much for the teenager. He could feel his balls get tighter, he was almost ready to cum. He hurried his pace to the point of no return, then took his cock in one hand while squeezing the behemoth ass in front of him with the other and jerked off.
'I'm gonna shoot my fucking load on your fat ass.' As he said that he did it. Warn jizz flew out of his big cock all over Miss Gentleman's ass and back. She could feel it hit her ass cheeks like a blast from a gun, Jamie had came very hard.
After it had subsided Jamie spanked her ass a couple of times and took a bit of hot jizz on his middle finger. As Miss Gentleman turned around to her lover he put his jizz covered finger in her mouth. 
'Swallow it.' And she did as she was told.Jamie and Miss Gentleman both held each other in the shower. Even when he was soft Miss Gentleman could feel his cock against her thigh. They showered properly and after a few minutes got out. They toweled each other off and while still naked went into the bedroom. The bed was massive, it could easily fit another BBW of Miss Gentleman's size and Jamie all together. 
'I have a present for you Miss.' Jamie said as he reached under the bed.
He pulled out a small box and handed it to her.
She slowly opened the box and almost screamed in delight. She pulled out a gorgeous figure fitting red dress. 
'Oh Jamie, it's beautiful. Thank you so much. I'm going to put it on right now.'
Miss Gentleman kissed him and opened her suitcase. 
'The one rule is that while you wear that dress your not allowed a bra or panties.' Jamie grinned knowing Miss Gentleman would do exactly as he told her.
Miss Gentleman slipped on the dress and when Jamie saw her wearing it he was blown away.Her large tits almost spilled over the top of the dress and it was tight enough so it hugged her ass perfectly, you could see the outline of her massive behind. It took all of Jamie's power to not leap up and take Miss Gentleman on the bedroom floor.
'You look stunning, absolutely magnificent.' Jamie said.
Miss Gentleman knew he was telling the truth as he was once again fully erect.
Miss Gentleman admired the dress as Jamie put on a full suit and after a few minutes they were ready.They went downstairs to the hotel restaurant, it was incredibly high class and Miss Gentleman was afraid she would look out of place. As they took their seats at a table Miss Gentleman noticed some of the male waiters staring at her. She blushed. 
'Seems like you've caught their attention.' Said Jamie. 
They can stare all they want, because after dinner Jamie was planning on absolutely destroying Miss Gentleman. Just the thought got him semi erect, but even at half mast he was close to tearing out of his trousers. 
They ate drank and laughed like lovers should. Finishing a bottle of wine each, and a lobster main, it truly was a night to remember. 
'Oh Jamie I'm so happy. I've had such a nice evening.'
'Trust me miss, it's about to get even better.' With that, Jamie paid the bill, took Miss Gentleman's tender hand and began leading her to his hotel room once again.
Miss Gentleman had been so aroused during the meal she had unknowingly left a damp mark on the chair.They got back to the room and Jamie locked the door behind them. 
They began passionately kissing, their tongues intertwined. As they broke the kiss Jamie grinned at Miss Gentleman. They both began undressing, once they were naked they both stared at each other for a moment, taking each other in again. 
Miss Gentleman's J-cup breasts were still quite perky for her age, and her pussy was still very tight, slightly less after her night of passion with Jamie. 
'If your okay with it Miss, I'm going to be rougher this time round okay? But I promise I won't hurt you and if I go to far just tell me.' Jamie had decided he was going to be in complete control tonight. 
'Okay, I kind of like the sound of that.' Miss Gentleman had never tried doing anything like this before. Perviously her love life was lack luster. A few minutes of unrythmic thrusting and then her husband falling asleep. But not anymore, this young stallion of a man was about to dominate her with his cock. She was soaked. 
'Get on your knees slut'Miss Gentleman did as she was told and Jamie sauntered towards her. 
'Open your mouth nice and wide.' Commanded Jamie.
As she did Jamie began rubbing his cock around her lips, just circling her mouth. He slowly began entering her mouth, he put both hands on either side of her head and forced her to bob slightly on his cock. He put 7 inches into her mouth then stopped. 
'Suck my cock.' She closed her mouth and began blowing Jamie. She looked up as she wrapped her tounge around his huge dick.
'Yeah. You love sucking my fat cock don't you?' Said Jamie as he watched his BBW teacher suck his cock.
She nodded slightly. She really did love sucking on his cock.'Get up and lie on the bed.'
Jamie helped her up and she lay back on the bed. Jamie climbed on top of her and began kissing her tits. Having this teenager playing with her breasts made Miss Gentleman even more aroused. She could feel Jamie's cock pressing into her stomach. 
He crawled off her and lifted both of her legs, he began teasing her pussy with his cock. She wanted to be fucked bad, having him just outside her pussy was almost enough alone to make her cum. He wasn't gentle this time. He slammed at least 8 inches Inside of Miss Gentleman's pussy making her gasp. He was far rougher this time, he slammed inside her hard and fast, she could feel his entire cock inside of her. She was in extacy, he was fucking her roughly and she loved it.Jamie's balls were slapping against her ass cheeks.
'Yes take it all you fucking whore. You love getting nailed by teenage dick don't you.' The dirty talk was doing it for both of them. Jamie looked down at Miss Gentleman jiggling with every slam. He was absolutely ruining her. After a few minutes Miss Gentleman couldn't hold it any longer,she moaned and began to cum. Jamie's huge cock continued to plow her fat pussy until she had finished. After a couple more hard thrusts Jamie. slowed down and pulled out of Miss Gentleman. As she continued to write in pleasure she felt his strong hands roll her onto her front. Jamie leant forwards and began to eat her pussy. Miss Gentleman looked back as this teenager dove face first into her cunt and plesured her with his tounge. She was caught by surprise when she felt on of his fingers rub her asshole. Jamie had decided he wouldn't fuck her ass tonight,but that didn't mean he wouldn't play with it. He pulled his tounge out and admired her asshole. He spread her cheeks with one hand and carressed her back passage with the other. Miss gentleman did enjoy ass play with Jamie, but she was hoping his 11 inch monster wouldn't want in there tonight. Without warning Jamie's index finger entered the BBW teachers tight bum. She clenched and bit a pillow to stop herself from screaming. Jamie felt surreal. Holding Miss Gentlemans marvelous cheek with one hand while fingering her. He felt powerful as he pushed deeper inside her asshole. After 5 minutes Jamie took his finger out of Miss Gentlemans ass then gave it one last hard smack to show he was in charge.
He climbed off the bed and pulled one of the many chairs into the middle of the room. He sat down and began slowly jerking himself off.
'Get your ass over here now.'
Miss Gentleman hurried over and was ready to obey her young master.
'I want you to climb on and bounce on my fat cock, your not aloud to cum until I say so.'  Jamie loved being completely in charge, he was hard as a diamond. 
Miss Gentleman wrapped her arms around Jamie and put her legs in between Jamie's and the chair. She lowered herself down and hovered inches above the gargantuan cock.
'Please can I have your big dick Jamie? Please I need it.'
Miss Gentleman kind of liked begging for a fuck. 
'Sit on it Miss.'Miss Gentleman eased her way down the fat shaft. He was filling her up. She cooed as the girthy teenage cock went higher inside her pussy. 
She had all 11 inches Inside of her, she could barley speak. Miss Gentleman began to bounce on his cock. Her tighty cunt was wrapped around his huge erect dick. Jamie watched as this BBW jiggled as she bounced on his cock. Miss Gentleman was in extacy, she began to tingle.
Jamie leaned forward and began suckling one of her enormous tits, he gently tounged her nipple and that pushed her over the edge.
'Your allowed to cum all over my cock' said Jamie. And she did.
'OH GOD YES AHHH' Miss Gentleman screamed as pleasure coursed through her body. The fat teenage cock inside her still fucking her hard even as the feeling began to subside. 
'Oh my god. I came so hard.'
They began to slow down.
'I'm almost there. Get on the bed and lie so your heads off the end of the bed.'Miss Gentleman once again climbed off her lovers cock and did as she was commanded. She lay down, and with her head off the bed looked at the ceiling. Like last time suddenly her vision was all cock. Jamie walked closer his cock shining with Miss Gentleman's juices. She saw Jamie smiling down at her. He began kneeling down and started rubbing his balls on his teachers face. The smell of his balls went up her nose and she loved it. His balls were massive. She stuck her tounge out and licked his sweaty testicles.
Jamie stood up and then aimed his enormous teenage cock at her petit mouth.He dipped the tip into her mouth. Miss Gentleman wanted this. A young stallion to abuse her. Jamie crammed 6 inches into Miss Gentleman's mouth and began face fucking her. She gargeled  as this monster went deeper into her mouth.  Jamie began squeezing her tits. He pulled out and Miss Gentleman gasped for air.
'I'm going to cum down your throat.'
Miss Gentleman nodded and suddenly 9 inches of long, fat cock was forced into her mouth. She moved her tounge to try and pleasure the beast that was fucking her whore mouth. Jamie's balls were smacking her face.
Jamie held Miss Gentleman's head still as he pushed the entire 11 inches inside her mouth. Miss Gentleman couldn't breath and tears began forming. Jamie continued banging her face until it was time.
With the entirety of his monster cock crammed into Miss Gentleman's pretty little mouth he began to cum .Jamie had never felt this good. He continued to facefuck Miss Gentleman and gallons of hot sticky cum shot into her throat. Miss Gentleman could feel it shooting into her mouth and almost passed out due to lack of oxygen. He didn't stop, he kept shooting ropey jizz down her throat. 
He pulled out and blew two loads on her face as she gasped for air. Tears running down her face and basted in thick cum, she had never felt so good. Jamie stood catching his breath while still stroking his mammoth cock with one hand and massaging Miss Gentleman's right tit with the other. 
She couldn't believe how much cum Jamie had shot into her mouth. Millions of potential children had been forcibly crammed down her slutty throat.
'Clean it off you slut.' Said Jamie as he once again pushed his way into her mouth. 
Miss Gentleman lay there once again, face caked in hot teenage jizz and felt like the luckiest woman on earth.