 *Feedback is always appreciated! Thank you, in advance, for reading this! 

*

I pretended not to notice the grin she was holding back from me and stared blankly at the television. I couldn't even tell you what was on. Soon whatever we were watching was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. I got up and opened the door and there stood the pizza guy.

"Oh! I've got cash, hold on!" Jamie said reaching for her purse in search of her cash.

I looked back at the pizza guy and he gave me an impressed look. I grinned back and his eyes widened. I knew what he was thinking, so I indulged him and let him believe more was happening between me and Jamie than really was. She practically galloped up to the door and handed him the cash.

"Keep the change," she said cheerily and took the pizza from him.

"Thanks, have a good night," he said in a knowing tone. 

Jamie acted like she hadn't noticed and took the pizza to her bed. There she sat and then patted the empty space of mattress next to her.

"What do I look like, your lap dog?" I teased.

"You wish," she said and opened the pizza box. It smelled amazing and made my stomach growl greedily. I sat next to her on her bed and took a slice as she bit into her own. We watched TV together and finished off the entire pizza. I set the pizza box on the floor and stretched my legs out in front of me and Jaime did the same but a little more reclined than I was.

My feet fell to the side as I relaxed more and bumped hers. She didn't pull away from the contact like I expected her to, which I was pleased about. Then I heard her breathing deeply, so I looked down and saw her eyes had closed. She looked so angelic and peaceful, I was afraid to wake her. Then suddenly her head turned towards me and rested on my shoulder. I froze for a second, expecting her to wake up and apologize, but she didn't. In fact, her right arm came around, resting on my stomach.

Here I was, stuck in a less than ideal sitting position with the girl I loved (who was still, at this point, unaware of my feelings) cuddled up with me. I was torn between wanting to reposition myself and just letting her sleep like this. I didn't want to try sleeping this, myself, but at the same time, I was afraid to disturb her and break the contact with her.

Suddenly she jerked awake and sat up.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I didn't even notice I'd fallen asleep."

"Hey, I wasn't complaining," I said laughing and she laughed too.

"I bet you weren't. We should probably get some sleep, though."

"Yeah, long drive to start in the morning."

"Yep," she said staring at me and I just stared back into her dark brown eyes.

"Goodnight," she said somewhat pointedly.

"Goodnight," I said and crawled out of her bed and headed for my own.

"Really?" she asked, stopping me in my tracks.

"Huh?" I said doing a double take.

"That's it? You're just going to go to the other bed?"

I was really confused; I didn't know what to say.

"I pretend to fall asleep and cuddle up with you, and just because I say goodnight, you assume I don't want you here?"

I stared back at her completely flabbergasted. "But, you sounded like you wanted me to get out of your bed."

She laughed and rolled her eyes. "If you'd rather sleep alone, go for it."

"Wait, hold on," I said and came back around to the side of the bed I'd been sitting on. I folded one leg under me as I faced her, sitting halfway on the bed, halfway off. "What's going on?"

"What do you mean?" she asked, but I could tell in her eyes that she was testing me. I just stared back at her for a minute.

"How long have you known?" I asked convinced that she knew everything I'd been trying to hide for years.

"Jason, for such a smart guy, you can be so dumb," she said and laid down, propping her head up with one hand as she laid on her side facing me.

"How long?" I asked again.

"I've always known, I've just been waiting for you to make a move. When I realized you were too scared to, I planned this entire trip back to California. Shit, I even called your boss and worked things out with him so that way you could take your time getting back!"

"You're shittin' me!" I grinned.

"Not unless you're into that," she teased.

"Uh, no," I laughed.

"Good."

I was totally blown away. Here I was trying to play the good friend, hoping she would notice how much I loved her and she's known all along. I'd just been too much of a pussy to do anything about it.

"Just say it," she encouraged me.

"I..." I stammered. Why was I still so scared? It's not like she would pull something like this just to make the drive back uncomfortable. "Jamie, I have been in love with you for a long time."

Her eyes widened. "Love?"

My blood froze and then my face flashed hot. Had I said too much? Was she just expecting me to confess my attraction to her? It was more than attraction for me, though. We'd been friends for so long that, for me, it'd gone way past just an attraction.

It was her turn to stammer. "I...I guess I just didn't know you felt that much for me. I mean, I've always known you were attracted to me, but, love?"

"I'm sorry," I said, dropping my gaze away from her. I was sure I'd fucked up. Why did I confess everything so soon?

"Why are you apologizing?" she asked, sitting up and scooting closer to me. She grabbed my hand and squeezed.

I looked at her again; terrified at first, but then I saw the look in her eye. There was love there. What kind of love it was, I had no idea, but she didn't hate me or pity me, so that was a good sign.

"Jason, I was just surprised that you felt so strongly. I wasn't expecting that, you totally caught me off guard."

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to shock you like that."

She giggled. "Jason, you can be really silly sometimes."

"Well, I just don't want to ruin our friendship. I know that once you cross that line, there's no real going back."

"That's true," she admitted.

I looked over Jamie, the beautiful goddess I'd been in love with for so very long. Here she was most likely confessing that she felt the same way I did, just maybe not on the same level. I glanced at her lips; those perfect, kissable lips. I leaned my head towards her and she smiled. I grew closer, my eyes moving from her lips to her eyes, then my nose brushed against hers softly and I stopped, our lips just an inch apart. I wanted to savor this moment. Nothing beat a first kiss with the one you love and I wanted it to be perfect. I rested my forehead against hers and reached up with my right hand and caressed her cheek. Her big eyes closed as I ran my fingers through her soft brown hair. I grabbed the back of her head softly, closed my eyes and then closed the remaining distance between our mouths.

Her lips were soft and warm. I swear colors exploded behind my eyelids as I pressed my lips into hers. That first kiss was a closed one, but it was magical. All thoughts of fear I'd been harboring vanished as I opened my mouth a little and she did the same. I licked her bottom lip and her tongue met mine. I broke the kiss briefly and then went in again, but stronger this time and she responded in kind. Our tongues began to wrestle and twist around each other. When we broke the kiss again, all I saw was her radiant smile.

I slid into the bed and we sank into the mattress, facing each other. More than just our mouths locked this time, though. We wrapped our arms around each other, holding each other tightly. Our legs even desired to lock with each other. 

She pulled her face away from mine and looked directly into my eyes. "I love you, too, Jason."

I smiled and kissed her again. My hand slid down her back, towards her perfect, round butt and when it reached its destination, she didn't protest so I squeezed a little. The cotton of her shorts was amazingly soft; I wondered what her flesh felt like. Jamie surprised me by grabbing my left butt cheek and pulled me into her tightly. My smooth gym shorts allowed me to feel the heat of her touch. My growing cock pressed against her clothed mound, wanting to break through the barriers that kept them apart.

She pushed me back a little and I rolled onto my back. Straddling me, she grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up and over her head, tossing it somewhere on the floor. She hadn't been wearing a bra, and now her glorious breasts were exposed; perky and definitely more than a handful beneath her milky white skin. She fell forward and our lips met again, greedily this time. I ran my fingers over her soft, warm skin and she shivered slightly at the touch. 

Sitting up again, she tugged at the bottom of my shirt. I sat up and pulled my shirt off and then hugged her close to me, kissing her neck and working my way down to her perfect breasts. I took her left one into my mouth, sucking on the eraser sized nipple. A sigh escaped her mouth at the touch of my mouth on her left tit. I circled the quarter sized areola with my tongue, feeling the tiny bumps all around on the tip of my tongue. I moved to the other breast and repeated the same action.

"Oh my God, that feels amazing," she gasped. 

I kept up my attack on her tits for a few minutes until she leaned forward and we fell back onto the bed. Her lips met mine again, aggressively passionate. She sucked on my tongue, and then I returned the favor. I rolled her over onto her back and began kissing down her smooth body. Her dancer's body had a slight six pack I found sexy as hell. I pushed self-conscious thoughts of my own slightly pudgy shape away and focused solely on her. Besides, she didn't seem to mind in that moment.

As I kissed her tummy, I looked up at her and she was looking right back at me, happiness and excitement all over her beautiful face. I hooked my fingers around the elastic band of her shorts and she nodded as a smile spread further across her face. Slowly I pulled them down to expose her most precious place. To my pleasant surprise, she was completely bald down below. Pulling her shorts off the rest of the way, I returned to her stomach and kissed the rest of the way down to her pussy. 

I took my time, kissing around her glory, rubbing her strong but slender legs as I worked my mouth around to her love hole. 

"Oh just get there already!" she whined. 

I smiled at the torment I gave her, but how could I deny someone so perfect? I licked her pussy up and then down again. Her saltiness was intoxicating. I found myself longing to remain there forever. I probed with my tongue and she began to squirm, grabbing onto the back of my head. I found her little clit and sucked on it and then flicked it with my tongue. Another gasp escaped her lips, turning into a high pitched squeal. Her hips bucked into my face, gyrating as she ground her pussy into my face. I never thought I'd be able to make a woman feel this way; it was very encouraging, so I increased my efforts and picked up the pace. She responded exactly how I hoped.

"Oh shit!" she groaned musically. "Oh yeah, right there."

I reached up with my left hand and found her breast. Squeezing it sent her into a frenzy. I pinched her nipple and rolled it between my fingers. Her groans grew louder and louder, becoming soft screams. Knowing how conservative she tended to act in public, she was probably trying to hold back her screams so the neighboring rooms wouldn't hear. I made it my goal to make her forget about that and let it all out.

I brought my left hand back down and slipped a finger into her wet pussy. She nearly doubled over as I began to slide it in and out of her. She let go of her inhibitions and let out a scream of ecstasy. She fell back against her pillow and her hips bucked uncontrollably. I increased the speed of my finger-fucking assault, and tongued her clit quickly. Her hands slapped the mattress and grabbed handfuls of the sheets as she screamed out.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she screamed over and over until she tensed up, her back arched for a few seconds and then fell back onto the bed as her juices flowed onto my tongue and the bed sheet. I kissed her pussy a few times and then looked up at her. She looked like she was crying as she breathed heavily. Slowly her eyes opened and she looked down at me with the most beautiful smile I'd ever seen. "Get up here," she demanded and I complied. 

She took my face in her hands and kissed me and then began licking her juices off of my face.

"Mmm," she said. "I taste yummy."

"Yes, you do," I agreed.

"Where on earth did you learn to do that?" she asked, her smile never leaving her face.

"I just focused on making you happy. It's all I cared about."

She kissed me again. "You are an amazing man, Jason." Then she looked down at the tent growing in my shorts. "Let me take care of that," she said and then sat up on her knees. She pulled my shorts and underwear off of me at once, releasing my six inch cock. I was afraid it wouldn't be enough for her, but she immediately she descended on my meat and took me into her mouth. Her tongue slid along the head and then licked my shaft as she took more of me in. Jamie is only the second girl I've been with, and I'll tell you, it felt like the first time. Maybe it was the true love that came from each of us that made it so much better, but all I know is in the moment, I didn't believe any other woman on the planet existed.

She tickled and fondled my balls as she took my entire length into her. I know, it's not porn-star big, but at least it ain't a two-inch monkey dick! Regardless, it felt amazing. Her soft, full lips spreading over my cock looked hot as hell as her head bobbed up and down. She grabbed the shaft and licked the head, teasing my pee hole. She repositioned herself directly between my legs and looked up at me as she took me into her mouth again. In that moment, nothing could beat the sight of her looking into my eyes as she blew me. 

She released me and jerked me for a minute, regaining her breath. When she began sucking me off again, my head fell back against the pillow and I closed my eyes. Somehow that enhanced the feeling. I guess when you block one sense, the others kick in stronger. I looked down and saw her fingering herself. I figured this was enough so I stroked her hair and she looked up at me.

"Come here, baby," I said and she released my cock and crawled up to me. I kissed her and then said, "I want to feel you."

"I want to feel you inside me, too."

Without any more words, she straddled me again and grabbed my cock, directing it to her love box. She lubed it up with her own juices for a few seconds and then placed the tip at her entrance. Slowly, inch by glorious inch, she sank down onto my pecker. Her pussy felt hot and wet as more of her took my cock. The initial entry is always the best and I love to savor the feeling before really fucking. 

Slowly but surely we came closer together until, finally, my entire length was buried deep inside her. Nothing would ever beat this moment; the first time connecting on this level with the love of my life. I'd fantasized for years about this happening and never dreamed it would become a reality. But here I was balls deep inside of Jamie, the most perfectly beautiful woman on the planet. How did I ever get to be so lucky?

She started to rise up, but I grabbed her by the hips, stopping her.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I just want to enjoy this feeling a little longer."

She smiled and leaned forward to kiss me. That was all I needed to want to move forward. She could tell by my returning kiss that I was ready. She lifted her hips slowly and then sank back down on my meat. It almost felt as wonderful as the first insertion. She sat back up again and started riding me cowgirl, slowly picking up the pace. Just an hour ago I was imagining this exact thing as I jerked myself off in the shower.

I reached up and grabbed her wonderful tits, squeezing them both firmly. She grabbed onto my hands and pressed them tighter into her breasts. I was quickly learning just how sensitive her beautiful, perky fun-bags were right then. I massaged them as we found the perfect rhythm for our fucking. I slid my hands from beneath hers and slid them down her slender, hourglass frame, stopping just above her perfect ass. She began gyrating her hips and it drove me wild. 

As much as I enjoyed the cowgirl position, I was ready to take a little more control. Keeping myself inside of her, I sat up and hugged her close.

"Wrap your legs around me," I told her and she did. I then rolled over on top of her and began kissing her as I rammed my cock into her pussy. She lifted her hips into mine as I crashed down on her. 

"Let me know when you're there. I didn't bring any condoms," she whispered.

"Okay," I said and kissed her again.

We fucked like that for a couple more minutes, continually picking up the pace. Then I felt the familiar sensation of my climax coming. I slowed down my attack on her vagina to prolong the end as much as I could. Her breathing began to become more and more labored as her second climax built up. She began to buck her hips into me faster and faster, so I let it all out and grunted as I began fucking her harder and harder. She screamed out and fell limp just as my climax began to build back up again.

"I'm close," I warned her. 

"Okay," she said and I pulled out of her, rolling onto my back. Quickly she took me into her mouth again, sucking with vigor. I felt my cum rising up my cock to the tip.

"I'm gonna cum," I warned her again but she just picked it up more until I blasted my first jet into her mouth. She swallowed as a second jet shot into the back of her throat. When my cock was spent, she cleaned me up with her tongue and then laid down next to me. She kissed me on the cheek and then went into the bathroom. "Whatcha doin'?" I asked.

"I'm going to brush my teeth, unless you want to taste your jizz on my tongue."

I laughed and watched her naked body disappear into the bathroom. A few minutes later she returned and then I got up.

"I gotta pee," I said and then went into the bathroom. I also brushed my teeth after urinating and then returned to the room. She was still naked, but had gotten into the other bed. She looked at me with an inviting smile.

"Can you grab my laptop from my bag?" she asked, pointing at the black bag next to her purse and suitcase. 

"Sure," I said and pulled it out of the bag. I hid it behind my back when I got to the bed. She reached for it and looked at me confused. 

"Can I have it, please?" she asked.

"It'll cost ya," I said.

"We just had an amazing fuck, what else could you want?" she laughed.

I leaned in and kissed her. She kissed me, our tongues dancing for a few seconds. When I broke the kiss, I handed her the laptop.

"You're silly but very sweet," she said. 

"It's all because I love you," I told her with a satisfied smiled. I climbed over her and joined her in the bed.

"I love you, too," she said and kissed me again. "I'm sorry I never saw it sooner."

"Hey," I said gently grabbing her by the chin with a hooked finger. Her eyes met mine. "The timing doesn't matter to me. We're together now, right?"

"Yeah," she said happily.

"I'd wait ten years more if I had to. You have been worth the wait."

"Aw, that is probably the sweetest thing I've ever heard," she said and leaned towards me for a kiss. I met her halfway, softly taking her upper lip between mine and caressing it with my tongue. She answered by doing the same with my lower lip.

"I think this is going to be a great road trip," I said and she giggled. 

"Well, it's definitely going to be better than it could have been if we'd never taken a chance on our feelings."

"I agree," I said and kissed her on the cheek as she began going through our hotel reservations. She was making changes to our rooms, changing them from two queen beds to single king beds. I smiled at the idea of having a nice big bed to fuck on. This was going to be a great trip indeed.