 I apologize for the lack of sex in this chapter, but this chapter is needed for the next part of Jason and Jamie's relationship. Please stick with me. There will be plenty of sex next chapter!





The next morning we woke up feeling stiff from being in that truck for so many days. I called into work to see if I was needed, but things were slow so they told me to go ahead and stay home and that they'd call if things picked up. Grateful for a day to rest after the long road trip, I crashed back on my bed. Jamie was in the shower getting ready to go see her family. I had a plan for the day that she wouldn't see coming. 

Once she was out of the shower and dressed I offered to drop her off at her parents' place so she could spend the day with them. 

"You're not working?" she asked.

"No, things are slow this week I guess. I can pick you up later; I've got a couple things I need to take care of," I told her.

She pouted. "I was hoping we could talk to my parents together."

"About what? They already know we're technically engaged and now living together."

"I know, but I just know my dad would like you to talk to him about things in person."

"I won't be gone too long. We can talk to them at dinner or something."

Her mouth twisted in disapproval, so I got up and stepped up to her, placing my hands on her shoulders.

"This will be worth waiting for me to be there, I promise," I said staring straight into her eyes. 

I kissed her and she kissed me back. "It better be."

I smiled at her and kissed her deeply. "It will be," I promised again after breaking the kiss.

She turned towards the door quickly, whipping her brown hair in my face in mock haughtiness. I chased after her, smacking her ass as I chased her out the door. We chatted comfortably on the way to her parents' place. I loved talking to her almost as much as I loved fucking her. It was nice to know we had more than just a sexual relationship. We had years of friendship and a great road trip under our belts, so a committed relationship developing this quickly didn't seem totally out of the question to either one of us. It was apparently good enough for our parents too. 

When we got to her parents' place, I walked with her inside and said hello to everybody and chatted casually for a few minutes before I excused myself and said I'd be back in a few hours.

"We're going to dinner at five, so you better be back by then," Ted warned me.

I checked the time on my phone. It was only noon, so I had five hours.

"Not a problem, Ted. I'll be back by then for sure."

He walked me out to my car; I sensed a fatherly threat.

"Jason, I know you asked my permission to date Jamie, and I gave you my blessing. I love you like a son, and I have no problem with this relationship. But, you never said anything about proposing to her."

I felt my face and neck grow hot as my stomach went cold. I had wondered if he would talk to me about this.

"I know, I'm sorry. I never expected to propose to her without asking you first. I respect you and look up to you as a father; especially since losing my dad. I honestly never had plans to propose on our road trip either. It was just something that just...kinda...happened."

"A passionate moment?"

My face burned much hotter that time and I knew my face was probably as red as a tomato.

"Jason, I won't pretend that you two were able to keep your hands off of each other. I won't pretend like you two didn't do anything either. I'm not an idiot," he laughed. "I may not approve, but you two are consenting adults and can do what you want. Just remember the values each of your parents taught you."

"I haven't forgotten. But, I can't lie to you about our actions on the trip either. I hope I haven't lost your trust or respect," I said.

He shrugged. "Like I said, you're both adults. I love you both. You do have plans to marry her still, right?"

"Yes, sir, I do. That's what my plans are for the day. I'm getting a duplicate key made for her for the apartment and I'm going out to buy an engagement ring."

Ted's eyes grew wide but then his mouth did as well. "You want to propose at dinner?"

I nodded. "Yes, I do. I love Jamie, sir, and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. I have loved her for most of my life and I couldn't imagine loving anyone else."

Ted surprised me by hugging me tightly. "I approve," he said over my shoulder.

"Thanks," I said when he let me go.

"This calls for a special dinner, then."

"Fish in a Bottle," I said.

He looked at me confused. "Really?"

"It's Jamie's favorite."

He nodded. "Good choice, then. Keep me posted on when you'll be back here. If things are taking a little longer shoot me a text and just meet us at the restaurant. I'll go call your mom."

"Sounds good, thanks, Ted."

He shook my hand and then walked back into the house. I got in my car and drove to the nearest Walmart to get the key copied. The line was a little long, so it took me a good hour to get that job done. Then I started checking out jewelers. I went to Jared's first, but nothing looked like something I could see on Jamie's finger. I tried a couple others, but nothing was right. 

I drove around the compacted cities in the area and saw a small jewelry shop. It was a small, family owned business, but the pieces they had were the best I'd seen all day. I had about fifteen-hundred dollars saved up in my account, so I kept that in the back of my mind while I perused the glass cases. I had this feeling in my gut she didn't want a diamond; she wanted something out of the ordinary. She was born in July, so I considered the ruby since it was her birthstone. But, a red stone like that just didn't seem to fit her. 

"How can I help you, son?" an older man asked as he came out from the back room.

"I'm looking for an engagement ring."

His face beamed with delight. "Congratulations, son. Do you have a picture of your future bride?" he asked.

I looked at him confused. 

"I can tell you're looking for something less traditional than a diamond. Seeing the girl will only help me find the perfect fit for you."

I smiled and pulled out my Windows phone and pulled up her Facebook page. I scrolled through her pictures until I found my favorite one of her. She was wearing a beautiful blue dress that frilled out a bit, but not gaudily, and fell down to her knees. It was simple and perfect, just like her. She'd worn the dress in her best friend's wedding a couple years back. When I handed the phone over to him his eyes sparkled.

"You are a lucky man, my son," he said as he handed the phone back to me.

"Thank you."

"Let's see. What is her birthstone?" he asked.

"The ruby, but red doesn't seem to feel right for her."

"I agree. Hmm," he mused as he looked through his cases and I followed. He had sections for each birthstone. "What do you think of the sapphire?" he asked.

He pulled out a display of a few rings with sapphires in them. I liked the blue stone for sure, but I wasn't sure if it screamed "Jamie!"

"Maybe."

"You want something that looks like her, don't you?"

I looked up at him and smiled. "Yeah."

I looked to my left and saw one ring with a small brown colored stone set in it. The shop owner noticed me eyeing it, so he went to the case, unlocked it and pulled the ring out. He placed it on a black cloth in front of me. The color of it reminded me of Jamie's eyes when the sunlight caught them. All I could do was stare at the stone until the shop owner broke me out of my reverie. 

"I think this is the one," he said.

I looked up at him, tearing my eyes away from the ring. "I'm sorry?"

He grinned at me. "The way you stare at this ring, it's like you're looking into her eyes. I can tell, this is the ring."

"How much is it?" I asked.

He checked the tag. "Eleven-hundred."

"I'll take it," I said.

"Great! I'll get the forms for the layaway," he said and started to head for the back room.

"I can pay for it now," I told him.

He looked at me in disbelief. "Are you sure? After tax it'll come out to nearly twelve-hundred."

"That's fine. I can afford it. I have plenty in my savings."

"Well, alrighty then! Let's get this wrapped up for you. Do you know her size?"

I nodded. I had texted her sister while I was searching, so I gave him the size and he took it into the back and began working on resizing it perfectly for her. He was able to get it down to her correct size within a couple of hours. I checked my phone and it was nearing 4pm as he was ringing me up. He put the ring in a soft, purple box and handed it to me.

"Congratulations, son. I hope it all goes well," he said and I shook his hand.

"Thank you for everything."

I left the store with the ring in my pocket and then Jamie called.

"Hey babe," I answered.

"Hey, my dad had to push back dinner. Something came up at the shop. He said we should get changed into something nice, though. Could you come and get me so we can get home and change?"

"I'm on my way right now."

"Good, see you soon!"

I picked her up at her parents' house and then we hurried home and got into nicer clothes for dinner. I kept the ring with me at all times, only letting it out of my sight while I was in the shower.

When we showed up to the restaurant, we found that our party was taking up most of the main dining room. The place was a small but classy sushi restaurant. Everybody was there, too. My mom, and both my brothers, Mike and Ben, plus Mike's wife, Ashley. My grandparents were even there. On Jamie's side were both of her parents, her brother, TJ, and both of her sisters, Kimmie and Kristen; Kristen's boyfriend sat next to her. This was going to be a big night.

We sat and instantly our families began talking. The server brought out the platters of sushi for us to pass around and we ate while talking and catching up with each other. Jamie and I told the clean version of our trip, not wanting to divulge the dirty details of our sexual activities. Soon, I decided the time had come, so, I stood up with my glass and got everybody's attention. Silence fell quicker than I was expecting and every eye in the room was locked on me; even those of people not in our party.

I looked at them all with a brief deer-in-the-headlights expression and then cleared my throat. "I'm glad you're all here today. As you know, the past couple years haven't been the best for me. But, life has a way of changing things unexpectedly," I said looking at Jamie. "When Jamie told me she was moving back to California, I was very excited. As most of you know, I have been crazy about this girl for many years," I said grabbing her hand. Her cheeks turned red as I put the spotlight on her for a second. 

If you think you're flustered now, wait until I'm done, I thought as I stared at her with a loving smile.

"And, as most of you know, things between me and Jamie changed during our road trip back home. Somewhere along the way-"

"The first night," she interjected.

I laughed. "Yes, the first night. We fell in love. Or, more like she finally fell in love with me. I couldn't begin to explain with words how happy I was when I first hear her tell me she loved me. Then just the other night, we were talking and an 'accidental' proposal came out. I only say accidental because it was unplanned. I hadn't wanted to just blurt it out in the middle of deep conversation like I had," I hid the fact that it was right after we'd fucked from the present company. "But, that's why I'm glad you're all here tonight."

I reached into my left pocket and grabbed the key to my apartment I'd made for her.

"Jamie, this is your copy of the key to our apartment," I said and placed it in her hand. "It may not seem like much, but maybe this will make up for it," I continued and dropped down to one knee. She looked at me confused and excited all at once; it was the most adorable thing I'd ever seen. "Jamie, you know that I have loved you for a very long time and after this trip we've taken together, I don't want to spend another day apart." I reached into my other pocket and pulled out the purple box. Her hands went to her mouth and a tear appeared in the corner of her eye. "Will you do the honor of making me the happiest man in the world? Will you marry me?" I asked and opened the box to reveal the Imperial topaz engagement ring waiting inside.

"Oh my god!" she said, sounding like she would burst out into tears any moment.

"Do you like it?" I asked.

She nodded enthusiastically. I pulled the ring from the box and took her left hand. Sliding the ring onto her finger, it fit perfectly, as if she'd had it for years.

"It fits perfectly! How did you know my size?" she asked.

I looked over at Kristen. "I had a little help."

Kristen smiled back. "Yeah, that wasn't my boyfriend who texted me earlier," Kristen said. 

"You mean, you didn't just know?" Jamie teased. 

I laughed too. "Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but I'm not perfect," I said with a wink. 

"Jamie, get over here and show us that ring!" 

Cynthia called from the other end of the tables. Jamie kissed me and then went to show off her ring to her family. Jamie looked so happy as she passed herself around so everybody could look at the symbol of my love for her on her hand. I sat down and my brothers shook my hand, and my sister-in-law hugged me. This time I knew they were happy for me. It was such a different feeling than with my last marriage. The happiness and support they showed me was real and from a happier place this time; before they'd just pretended to be happy and were supportive out of obligation. This time it was real and from a place of happiness. I knew things would be better this time around.

After dinner we went home to rest some more. We were really feeling the effects of the trip on our bodies; exhaustion hit us like a ton of bricks. When we walked into the apartment, my roommate, Jeff, was watching a movie but he perked up as soon as he saw Jamie.

"Hey guys! What's up?" he asked as I shut the door behind us.

"Oh, not much. We just got engaged," I said matter-of-factly. 

"What?" he asked completely caught off guard.

"Sorry, Jeff, but Jason beat you to it," Jamie said with a wink and then walked into our room. 

"You proposed?" he asked.

"Yep!" I said with a happy sigh. 

"I didn't know you guys were that serious."

"Well, we are!" I said grinning at him.

"I feel really bad for flirting with her yesterday now."

I chuckled. "Don't worry about it, bud."

My phone chimed with a text message. I checked it and saw that it was from a number I didn't recognize. Confused, I opened the message and saw a picture of a topless girl with short hair winking at me. Jamie came out of our room and looked at me with wide eyes.

"It's Tracy," she said.

"Yeah," I said feeling as shocked as Jamie looked.

"What do we do?" she asked.

"I guess one of us should talk to her. We did tell her to call us if she were ever in Calif-fuck, you don't think she's in town do you?" I asked.

"I don't know! You talk to her, I can't."

"Are you sure? What if she's in town? What if she wants to...you know?" I asked so I would know how to handle her if she were nearby.

Jamie looked at Jeff and then I did too. We were suddenly on the same page.

"What? What's going on?" Jeff asked feeling scared.

"Jeff, we have a little story to tell you, but first, I need to find out what this message is about," I told him. He looked a little confused and scared all at once.

"Don't worry, Jeff," Jamie said. "You'll probably like this story."

He looked confused but with some intrigue this time instead. I texted her back, letting her know we liked the picture and asked what she was up to. A minute later my phone rang.

"Hey, Tracy," I answered.

"Hey there, Jason," she responded. She sounded like she was testing the waters with me to see how I would react to her calling me.

"What's going on?"

"Well, um, you know how you guys said if I was ever in town to give you a call?"

"Yeah...are you in town?" I asked her.

"No, but I will be soon. I'm at a Denny's in Barstow right now."

"You're what? What are you doing there?" I asked, taking a seat at the small kitchen table. 

"Well..." she said. She sounded embarrassed.

"Tracy? Are you okay?" I asked, leaning forward. 

I could sense bad news coming. Jamie was suddenly by my side with a concerned look on her face. I held up a finger indicating I would tell her everything once Tracy told me.

"No," she said choking back a sob. "After that night I spent with you guys, my dad kicked me out. He hit me and called me a whore. He's disowned me. I have nowhere to go!"

My heart dropped into my stomach. The poor girl; and it was our fault. I felt like total shit in that moment. We had to help her out.

"Okay, just come here, okay? You got a pen?"

"Yeah, one sec," she said through her crying. "Go ahead."

I gave her the address and then we hung up. Jamie looked at me, waiting for an explanation.

"Tracy's on her way here," I said.

"Did something happen? She sounded upset from what I could hear."

I nodded. "After that night she spent with us, her dad kicked her out."

Jamie's hand went over her mouth. "Oh my god. Are you serious?"

I nodded. "That's what she told me. I feel like shit."

"Me too," Jamie said.

"I guess it was a good thing we gave her our numbers. At least she won't be totally homeless."

"Yeah, but it's going to feel cramped enough here with the three of us. How are we going to..." then she looked at Jeff and that's when the light bulb clicked on. Jamie had a scheme.

I looked at Jeff and then back at Jamie and knew exactly what she was thinking. Jeff was single and a good-looking guy. Tracy was a sweet and gorgeous girl. If they hooked up, it would feel less cramped.

"Guys, you're scaring me," Jeff said.

"You have nothing to be scared of, bro. Trust me. This girl is pretty awesome. Almost as awesome as Jamie."

Jamie slapped my arm.

"I said almost!"

She laughed and then bumped me with her shoulder.

"Let us just tell you the story of how we met Tracy and then I'll show you the picture she just sent us," I told him.