 This chapter was a lot of fun to write. I hope you all enjoy the return of Tracy and are looking forward to seeing where things lead with her in the lives of Jason and Jamie!





We moved to the living room area and told Jeff the entire story of how we met Tracy. He didn't speak the entire time, but he definitely seemed to enjoy the story. He looked surprised that I would be in a threesome like I had; especially with Jamie and some totally random pizza delivery girl.

"So, she's on her way here?" he asked.

"Yeah, and we're hoping you two hit it off. If she needs to stay here, our room will be really crowded with three people. Besides, we kinda agreed not to have a threesome ever again," I explained.

"Kinda?" Jamie pressed.

"Fine, we did agree. I was just trying to make light of the situation a little," I defended myself.

"I was teasing you," Jamie said and kissed me on the cheek. 

I smiled and shook my head and then looked back at Jeff. "So, what do you think?"

"Let me see the picture again," he requested.

I pulled up the text and handed him my phone.

"Damn she's got great tits."

"Oh, I know," I agreed. Jamie slapped my arm. "What? I do! She did let me fuck them, remember?"

"I know. I still feel funny about that whole night."

I put my arm around her and hugged her. 

"I know, I'm sorry. I'm just trying to get Jeff here as interested in Tracy as possible."

"Dude, I'm interested. The trick is getting her interested in me," Jeff said.

"I don't think that will be much of a problem," I assured him. "You're a good-looking guy."

"Well, thanks, but she's gotta think so too," he said.

He was right, but I had a hard time understanding why he thought so little of himself sometimes. Hopefully things would just click when Tracy got here. It may take some time, but I believed it could happen.

"It's getting late and I need some rest before I work tomorrow. I'm sure they'll have me come in for whatever they've got, even if it's not much," I said. "I'll just have Tracy text us when she's close."

Jamie nodded and Jeff continued to stare at the topless picture of Tracy on my phone. I cleared my throat and he looked at me startled. 

"Sorry," he said and handed me my phone.

I laughed. "No worries," I said and texted Tracy real quick and then said goodnight to Jeff. Jamie followed me into our room and we got ready for bed. Jamie pulled a pair of sexy pajama shorts and a tank top from her suitcase, which she really hadn't had a chance to unpack yet.

"What?" she asked with an embarrassed smile as she caught me staring at her.

"I just can't get over how perfect you are," I told her.

She stepped up to me and stopped, her face an inch away from mine. "Perfect, huh?" she said, her hot breath masking my face briefly. I reached up with my right hand and pushed her hair back behind her ear. Then I cupped the back of her head with both hands and pulled her in for a kiss. It was gentle and full of as much love as I could possibly convey to her. She responded in like at first, but then she intensified the kiss almost immediately. She kissed me hungrily like we hadn't kissed in a week. 

Jamie pushed me backwards and I continued to kiss her as I backed up towards the bed. She began to unbutton my shirt while keeping her mouth locked on mine. Once my shirt was free from my body, I slid my hands down her back and squeezed her ass beneath the thin fabric of her flowery dress. Then I grabbed the hem of the dress and pulled it up her body, gathering more of the fabric as my hands traveled up her body. She raised her arms as I pulled her dress off of her, exposing her perfect, milky body.

She'd worn a lacy, pink bra and matching thong. I took a small step back just to take in her beauty once again. I took a deep breath to get myself breathing again. 

"Forget to breathe?" she teased.

"No, you just stole my breath from me."

She smiled wide and threw herself into me. I caught her in my arms as her mouth planted on mine and I let us fall back onto the soft, springy mattress. I rolled over her until we were laying on the bed properly. We stopped with her half on top of me and half on the bed, rubbing her right leg between mine. The friction on my cock she created had me as hard as a steel pole in seconds. 

"Mmm," she moaned. "Somebody's ready to go."

"For you, I'm always ready," I said and latched my mouth on hers again as I unclasped her bra, freeing her gorgeous tits. She pulled away enough to remove the bra and throw it on the floor. I held her tight against my body as our kissing intensified. She slid a hand down my body to my slacks and then slid her leg off of me to unbuckle my belt. I reached down and helped her. Without pulling her mouth from mine, she unbuttoned my pants and reached inside to find my cock. Her warm hand on my shaft was almost enough to make me explode. 

We hadn't fucked since we got back, so there was a lot of tension built up between us that needed release. I was losing my patience, so I pushed her off of me suddenly.

"Fuck this," I said and hastily pulled off my pants, boxers and the T-shirt I'd worn under the button up shirt she'd already removed. When I was done, she was pulling at the sides of her thong, teasing me with it. "Oh, hell no," I said and grabbed hold of her thong and almost ripped it from her body. She laughed as I did so and pulled me tight against her as I laid on top of her, my cock smashed between us. She rubbed her smooth, recently shaved pussy with gentle gyrations as we resumed our intense kissing. I grabbed her ass with one hand, pressing her tighter against my throbbing cock. With my other hand I squeezed one of her full breasts. She had one hand running through my hair while the other one reached down and grabbed my ready dick. 

Jamie lifted her hips slightly, allowing my cock access to her love tunnel. He slid in slowly, finally able to seek release from the tension that'd been building up all day. I grabbed her other ass cheek, pulling her tighter against me. She ground her pelvis against mine, filling up her tight pussy completely with my entire length. The circular motions she made while I was inside of her drove me insane. But, I couldn't tell if she wanted to keep things slow and sensual or if she was trying to drive me insane for a good, hard fucking. 

I took control and rolled us over so I was on top in our missionary position. I pulled my face away from hers to try and read her eyes. When I looked down, she was giving me mixed signals; like a part of her wanted me to take things slow and make love to her, but another part wanted me to make her scream. I decided we could have the best of both worlds, so I lowered my face back down to hers and kissed her passionately as I slowly raised my hips to slide my cock almost completely out of her; only the tip remained inside before I slid back home again. She released my mouth from hers and gasped as I re-entered her. 

My beautiful bride-to-be gently scratched my back as I repeated the motion again, slowly building things up. She closed her eyes and pulled me tightly against her, resting her chin on my shoulder. She dug her nails into the back of my short, red hair on my head while the other continued to caress my back. I loved having my back scratched, even while not in the middle of sex, so the feeling of two of my favorite sensations happening at once was indescribable. It was as if we were rising through the heavens to find our own personal cloud to make love on.

I slid most of the way out of her again and slowly returned my cock to his home in her pussy again. This time she let out a throaty moan before letting out another gasp. This was the most turned on I could remember her being, and it only made me hornier; but I refused to suddenly switch speeds. This needed to build up to something spectacular. I repeated the motion again and she let out a satisfied sigh as she shuttered. Had she really had an orgasm already? 

I never would have thought that a few long, slow thrusts into her pussy would have been enough!

"Holy shit, Jason, you made me cum already," she said, but I could see the lust in her eyes; she wasn't done yet.

I kissed her and she kissed me back hungrily. She was done building things up and was ready for a good fucking. She pushed on my right shoulder, so I began to roll onto my back and she came with me. Once she was on top, she sat up into the cowgirl position and began to rise up and down on my pole. If I haven't mentioned before, this is my favorite position. The feel of her body rising up and down on my cock, her entire weight (which wasn't much) crashing into mine, not to mention the beautiful motion of her perfect tits bouncing up and down, was the most beautiful sight in the world to me. I grabbed onto her hips as she rode my cock and met her half way with my own thrusts as she came down on me. 

The building tension proved to be more than I could take and I could feel my orgasm building. I sped up my thrusts as she increased the pace of her rising and falling on my cock. She seemed to sense I was nearing my climax and wanted to help me get there quickly. I could tell by her breathing that another orgasm was growing inside of her as well. I held back as much as I could so we could come together. 

Neither of us could even speak from the intensity of our fucking. I felt that familiar sensation of a pending explosion of cum and then suddenly her eyes locked with mine in the most lustful gaze I'd ever seen. I stopped our motions and sat up, pulling closer to me. Her legs wrapped around my body nimbly and she began to bounce again while I thrust into her as best as I could. Then, without warning, my cock exploded inside of her and I tightened my embrace around her body and she did the same as she shuddered and shook, my ejaculation sending her over the edge. 

We fell back, her laying on top of me, both of us breathing heavily. "Holy shit," she said. "That was fucking amazing."

"I know, I was there," I joked.

"Smartass," she said and kissed me on the cheek. She slowly slid off of me, and my cock sprang back, still erect, but slowly losing its hardness. 

"Better than a dumb one," I said and she laughed. I laughed too and soon we were both caught up in a fit of laughter. The joke hadn't been that funny, but we were both so happy we didn't care how bad the joke was. The laughter wasn't about the joke; it was a culmination of the happiness we'd built together the past week. We came down from our laughter and just laid there together. I stroked her back while she caressed my chest with her finger nails.

"What's going to happen when Tracy gets here?" she asked.

Why was she bringing this up now? 

"What do you mean?"

She shrugged. "Are you going to want to fuck her?"

"Honestly, I hadn't considered it at all. All I've thought about was getting you back into bed," I said and kissed the top of her head that was resting on my shoulder.

"Do you want to?" she asked.

"Jamie, you're the only girl on my mind. Why are you bringing her up?"

She shrugged again. 

"Were you thinking about fucking her again?" I asked.

She was quiet.

"Jamie?"

She sighed. "Maybe."

I chuckled. "What happened to not wanting to have a threesome again?"

"I don't know," she whined playfully. "I guess that text from her got me considering it again."

I thought about it for a minute. It was a sexy picture. Tracy did have some amazing, fuckable tits. I couldn't deny that if Jamie wanted to have another threesome with Tracy again, I wouldn't turn it down. 

"Jamie, I love you, and you know that. I always will. And because of that, I want you to do whatever makes you happy. If that means we have to fuck Tracy again, then...I guess I'll just have to deal with that."

She slapped my chest and laughed. "Asshole."

"Whore," I threw back at her, but I said it with a loving tone, contradicting the meaning of the word. 

"Just for you, baby," she said and kissed me. 

We laid there together in silence, just enjoying our closeness. I was thinking about how in a year and a half we would be married. Then I started to think about things and was starting to wonder why we had to wait so long to get married. Granted, we'd only been officially together for a week or so, but with everything that'd happened over that week, and the fact our families were so happy we were together, plus we were already living together, why should we have to wait any longer than a few months?

"Jamie?" I asked and she sucked in a deep breath as I woke her.

"Hmm?" she moaned sleepily.

"Why are we waiting so long to get married?"

She didn't respond for a minute; I thought she'd fallen back asleep.

"Because we wanted to take things slow, right? Make sure we really wanted to be together forever," she reminded me.

"Yeah, but look at us. We have been sleeping together every day for almost a week, we're living together now; we're practically already married. Why should we wait so long to make it official?"

She was silent again, but for longer this time.

"Jamie?"

"I'm thinking," she said.

Just then my phone chimed with a text. I looked at it and saw that it was Tracy; she was outside looking for our apartment.

"Tracy's here," I said and swung my legs over the edge of the bed to pull on my pants. I found a pair of shorts I normally slept in on the floor and pulled them on. Jamie grabbed my hand before I left to go find Tracy. 

"Let's do it this summer, if we can put it together that quickly," she said.

I sat back down on the bed and let go of her hand to run my fingers through her hair. I then leaned over and kissed her. "We'll do our best, lover," I said. My phone chimed again; it was Tracy.

"Go get her," Jamie said with a smile. 

I grabbed her hand and squeezed it before kissing it, and then I left to go find Tracy. It was chilly outside with nothing more than my shorts, but it was tolerable. In fact, it was quite refreshing after the workout Jamie and I had just put in. As soon as I got out to the street, I saw the hot teenaged girl we'd fucked a few days ago. She was dressed in nothing more than a tiny pair of shorts, a midriff T-shirt and flip-flops. She picked up a duffle bag from the ground as soon as she saw me. Her short, sort of spiky hair looked a little messy from her drive here, but she still looked great. A big smile spread across her face as soon as she saw me, too; I couldn't help but smile, too, as she walked towards me as quick as she could with her heavy bag. 

I met her halfway and she met me with a kiss. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and mine met hers happily. I broke the kiss quickly, though and took her bag from her.

"Thank you so much for letting me come here!" she said happily.

"I couldn't let you sleep on the street now, could I?" I said with a wink.

She latched onto my free arm as I carried her bag on my right shoulder. "You are too sweet. How is Jamie? I missed you guys!"

"She's good; we have a little surprise for you. But we'll tell you inside, it's getting late and I don't want to wake the neighbors."

"Oh, right," she said dropping to an excited whisper. "Sorry."

"It's okay," I said in a quiet, but conversational tone. "I'm sorry about your dad."

She shrugged, pretending it didn't bother her even though her voicemail had sounded otherwise. 

"Whatever," she said. "If he doesn't want to love me, then that's his problem."

I didn't know how to respond to that. I didn't want to argue with her because I know I'd be upset with my eighteen year old daughter if she'd stayed out all night fucking a couple in their late twenties to early thirties. I still couldn't believe that happened, and the fact that this hot eighteen year old had let me, at the age of thirty, fuck her good was mind boggling to this day.

We entered the apartment and found Jeff in the kitchen pouring a glass of water from the pitcher from the fridge. He returned the pitcher and then turned and saw me and Tracy standing in the doorway. His eyes grew wide as he held the glass of water tipped towards his mouth. The water spilled straight to the floor, missing his mouth by a good six inches.

"Hey Jeff," I said, grinning at his near catatonic state as he stared at the beauty next to me. "Would you like to meet Tracy?"

"Shit," he said, finally noticing the water pooling at his feet. "Sorry," he mumbled. I knew he was really embarrassed because the only times he ever mumbled was when he was frustrated or embarrassed. 

Tracy giggled quietly. "He's cute," she whispered.

My heart leapt when she said that, my hopes rising that something might develop between these two. Jamie came out of our bedroom, wearing the shorts and tank top she'd planned on wearing to bed before we ended up fucking. Her smile grew when she saw Tracy. Tracy squealed with delight as she raced across the room to greet Jamie in the girly way girls do.

They hugged and then Tracy kissed Jamie hard on the mouth and Jamie received her warmly. When they broke the kiss, Jamie stepped back and showed Tracy her engagement ring. Tracy's mouth dropped open and her eyes grew wide, then she looked at me and screamed. She ran back across the room and hugged me tight and then kissed me on the cheek. 

"This is so exciting. Why didn't you tell me?" she asked.

"Hadn't really had a chance to, Tracy," I said and laughed.

She took my hand and pulled me to Jamie. I dropped her bag on the floor on the way. Then she put our hands together and took a step back.

"I'm so sorry for crashing in on you guys like this. I didn't know you two were so serious."

"Well," Jamie said. "Neither did we right away. 

In fact, the original proposal just kinda slipped out after we had sex one night, and that was a couple nights ago. What happened with you, though? Your dad kicked you out?"

Tracy tried to hide her sadness by waving the question off. "Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."

"I'm sorry we got you in trouble," Jamie said, not dropping it. I knew she wouldn't. She was going to feel bad about this until someone forgave her.

"Don't worry about it, it was my fault," she said trying to move on from the subject.

"I just feel so bad," Jamie pressed.

"Babe, it's in the past now," I said and Tracy gave me a half grin. "She's here now and that's what matters, right?"

Jamie sighed. "You're right. I'm glad you're here, Tracy."

"Thanks, but I'm not sure I should stay. I mean, you two are engaged now! I don't want to make things weird or anything. I especially don't want to come between you two, not that I had any intentions of that anyway!" she qualified her statement. "I've just seen it happen before. Couples have an open relationship, promising to stay true to each other at least and then one of them falls for someone they shared."

We stared at her awkwardly.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I say stupid things sometimes when I'm nervous," she apologized.

I relaxed and then stepped up to her. "Tracy, relax. You're with friends now, okay?" I assured her and then hugged her. Jamie stepped up and gently pulled us apart so she could hug Tracy too.

"Good friends," Jamie said and then kissed Tracy deeply. I hadn't been expecting that, but my cock twitched at the sight of the two gorgeous women beginning to make out in front of me and Jeff. I watched Jeff for his reaction and couldn't help but notice the tent rising in his boxers. I started to wonder what Jamie's plan here was. I got this feeling she had been scheming something while I went to meet Tracy outside. I even started to wonder if Jeff's presence in the kitchen had been an accident or not.

Jamie broke the kiss and then pulled Tracy over to the long couch along the wall. She pulled Tracy down to lay on top of her on the couch and they continued to make out, their hands roaming all over their bodies. I was instantly hard, ready to fuck either one of them that would let me. Then suddenly, they broke the kiss and Jamie looked at me lustfully. Tracy followed Jamie's stare and locked her eyes on mine, grinning excitedly. How could I refuse Jamie's prompting?
