 I apologize for this chapter taking longer than the others. I've had some personal things come up and have been distracted from my writing. But, I hope you enjoy the new chapter! Please leave comments and/or suggestions! 

*

We talked cheerily as we finished our meal at the small steakhouse. I paid the bill and then we got back on the road. I still couldn't believe we'd fucked in the bathroom of the restaurant and not one employee there seemed to know about it. There was a permanent smile on my face that I doubted could ever be wiped away.

"You look happy," she said.

I looked at her and saw that she looked just as happy as I felt. "So do you," I stated.

"I am. I think I'm happier than I ever remember being before," she admitted.

"I was thinking the same thing," I told her as I stared out the windshield, watching the road pass by as we continued our journey westward. 

Suddenly her phone rang. She dug it out of her purse and answered it. "Hi Mom," she said happily.

I looked over and saw her forehead scrunch up as she listened to her mother go on about something. I wondered what it could possibly be, because she looked so confused, yet worried at the same time. 

"I guess I can call Alana, I might be able to stay with her for a while....No, she still lives in Santa Barbara....Are you sure that's a good idea....I can ask, but I didn't think....Let me see if he has any ideas and I'll call you back, okay....okay, bye."

"What was that about?" I asked both confused and concerned. 

"My brother got himself into some trouble and is getting evicted from his apartment," she said with a sigh. "So, he and his girlfriend are moving into my parents' place and into the only room they have left."

"Your room?" I asked.

She nodded. "I suggested Alana's, but she lives too far away to commute to work every day, and all my other friends have either gotten married or moved away."

"What did she suggest?"

Jamie looked at me with a nervous grin. "You."

"Me?" I asked, taken totally by surprise. "They actually suggested you come stay with me?"

Jamie laughed. "Yeah, kinda shocking, huh?"

"What does your dad think?"

"He probably hates the idea, but they really don't have the room for me, and they can't think of anywhere else I can go right now. It might be just a temporary thing until they finally move into that bigger place they're waiting for."

"Well, I have no objections," I laughed.

"I didn't think you would," she laughed with me.

"What do you think?" I asked.

She shrugged. "I don't know. I mean, I think it could be great, but it's kinda soon, isn't it? I mean, we just started this relationship. Do you think we're ready to be living together?"

I thought about it for a minute. She had a point, but for me, I would marry her right then if I was able to. I'd been waiting to be with her for so long, I was ready to start our life together almost immediately. Then I had an idea come to mind. My mom had an extra room. My youngest brother, Ben, had just moved into an apartment with some friends after, surprisingly, landing his teaching/coaching job so quickly. I had my own place, too, but if Jamie wasn't ready to live together, then I didn't want to force that on her. 

"I have an idea, but it's totally up to you. I'd love to have you come live with me, but if you're not ready, I totally understand. My mom has been all alone in that condo since Ben got his teaching job, she could use the company. I could call her and see if she'd be willing to put you up until your parents get that bigger house."

"Really?" she asked.

"It's up to you. You're more than welcome to stay with me, but, like I said, if you're not ready, I'm sure she'd be more than happy to."

She looked out the windshield for a moment, thinking. I really was okay with whatever she wanted; I'd hate to force something on her that she wasn't ready for.

"I think my dad would like that better than me moving in with you."

"And I'd hate to lose whatever respect he has for me," I added.

She thought for a couple of minutes again. Then she looked at me and smiled. "Give her a call and see."

"Okay," I smiled and pulled out my phone. She picked up after the second ring.

"Hey, Jason," she said distractedly. I could hear her typing in the background; she was working.

"Hi, Mom, I had a question I need to run past you."

"Okay," she said curiously.

"I guess something happened with TJ, and he and his girlfriend are moving in with Ted and Cynthia."

"Yeah, I heard about that," she said sadly.

"Well, the problem is, they're moving into what was supposed to be Jamie's room. So, she's got nowhere to stay when she gets into town."

"Oh no, where's she gonna go?" 

"That's why I called. I know Ben just moved out, and I have my own place, so I was thinking she might be able to stay with you for a little while."

"Hmm," she thought out loud. "I'll have to think about it. It has felt a little lonely around here."

"Cynthia suggested she come live with me until they get their new place, but Jamie's not sure she's ready to live together."

"I see, well, that room is still empty. I hardly have anything in that closet anymore, so, there's plenty of room. So, sure, why not?" she said happily.

"Really? Thanks, Mom. I'll let her know. We should be there in a couple of days. We're heading to Albuquerque right now."

"Okay, sounds good! It'll give me a chance to vacuum in there so it's ready when she gets here."

"Okay, great! Thanks, Mom!"

"You're welcome, drive safe!"

"Always," I said and hung up.

"Well, you're welcome to stay with my mom until things get all figured out with your family."

She smiled at me. "Thanks. I hope you're not upset about me not being ready to live with you yet."

"No, of course not! I mean, we're spending every moment together this whole week, but it's not the same as living together. I think I'd want to one day, but I'd want my own place, with no roommates there."

"That's also a good point. I wouldn't want some other guy around if we were living together."

"So, it's settled! Call your mom and let her know you'll be staying at my mom's."

She smiled and pulled out her phone and told her mom the plan. They seemed to like the plan, so we continued on the trip without any worries. We continued on in conversation, enjoying each other's company as the miles flew by. In no time we were pulling up to our hotel in Albuquerque, NM and collapsing onto the bed, exhausted from the drive. We were hungry, but exhaustion took over as the priority for the moment so we snuggled up together and napped for a while before figuring out what to do about dinner. 

I didn't feel comfortable in my clothes, especially since I'd been sweating behind the wheel of the truck. Jamie passed out pretty quick, so I stripped down to my boxer briefs and snuggled up behind her, spooning as we slept. I kissed her on the cheek as I laid down and got comfortable with her in my arms. She pressed her back into me, desiring the closeness. Her ass pressed against my crotch, which automatically made my cock begin to grow, but we were both too tired to fuck in that moment.

"Mmm, someone's awake," she said grinding her ass into me teasingly.

"He's always awake," I joked. 

She laughed and leaned more into me as we laid there together. I squeezed her tighter in response, hugging her close to my body. Soon we drifted off to sleep and before we knew it, the sun had set and darkness had engulfed the room. It was my growling stomach that woke me a few hours later. I looked at the clock and saw we'd been out for about five hours. 

"Jamie," I whispered.

"Hmm?" she responded sleepily. 

"It's getting late, babe. We should probably get something to eat."

"Okay," she said without opening her eyes.

"Tell you what, I'll just order a pizza. That way we don't have to go anywhere."

"Sounds good to me," she said.

I slipped out from behind her and pulled my laptop from my bag. I hated calling orders in, so I pulled up the website of the pizza place closest to the hotel that had delivery and placed and paid for the order all online. Once the order was placed, I shut the computer down again and joined Jamie in bed again. 

I slipped my arms around her again and began kissing the back of her neck. She moaned in delight at my touch. My right hand traveled down her body, unbuttoned her tiny denim shorts and slipped down to her warm pussy. She was already getting wet as I slipped my first two fingers inside. As I did, she began grinding her ass into my rock hard cock. My other hand found its way up her tank top and began massaging her breasts. She turned her head towards me, so I brought my lips to hers. 

Her tongue slipped out and met mine, softly at first, but growing stronger with more intensity with each passing second. She started to roll towards me, so I pushed her shorts down her legs as she did and at the same time, she pushed my underwear off of me. I kicked them off somewhere beneath the sheets and then she rolled onto her back as I laid down on top of her, entering her hot, wet pussy. Her arms pulled me tighter into her body. Once again we felt like we couldn't get close enough. 

I kissed and licked her neck as I slid my cock in and out of her pussy. We kept things slow and sensual this time. We wanted it to last as long as possible, but then I remembered the pizza that would arrive soon. I didn't necessarily want to be in the middle of fucking when the delivery guy showed up. I started to pick up the pace, sliding in and out of her a little faster than before. No matter how many times we fucked, it was the best feeling in the world. I propped myself up on my elbows, changing our angle slightly. I looked down into her beautiful brown eyes and was completely lost in them. Nothing else existed but her.

She began to buck her hips into me, meeting mine halfway. Her dancer's body allowed her to move gracefully no matter what position she was in. It was so fucking sexy watching her move beneath me. I lowered myself down fully on top of her again and she twisted slightly, telling me she wanted to roll over and put herself on top. We did just that, without disconnecting our writhing sex organs. This time she laid on top of me, kissing and licking my neck. I bent my knees for leverage and rammed my cock into her pussy from beneath her, slamming harder and harder with each thrust. 

Suddenly she pulled herself off of me and got on all fours, wiggling her ass at me. I quickly scrambled onto my knees and positioned myself behind her. Grabbing my shaft at the base, I guided my prick into her snatch and slid it home again. I held onto her hips and pulled her back into me as I fucked forward. Soon the sounds of our fucking were echoing off the walls. Skin slapping skin; her screams and my grunts; even the squeaking of the springs in the mattress and a gentle thudding of the headboard against the wall. 

I slapped her on the ass and she cried out and looked back at me lustfully. I slapped the other cheek and her smile grew. I would spank her every so often and she would push her ass against my pelvis harder when I did. I never would have thought my perfect angel would enjoy spanking like this, but all it did was turn me on more. 

Soon I felt my balls tighten as my orgasm grew. As she looked back at me again, I could see in her eyes that hers was building too. I held mine off as long as I could and increased my efforts on her pussy.

"Stop!" she said and I slowed down.

"What's up, baby?" I asked her.

"Pull out," she told me and I did as she asked, but I looked at her confused. What the hell was going on? "Lay back," she commanded again.

I obeyed and she straddled me in the cowgirl position and began riding my cock; slowly at first, but quickly building up speed. I reached up and squeezed her perfect tits and she held my hands tighter into them as she stared straight into my eyes. Her breathing became more labored once again as her orgasm continued to grow. Her eyes would close at times, but she would reopen them quickly to look directly into mine again. She wanted us to be looking straight into each other's eyes when we climaxed. 

My balls began to tighten again and her heavy breathing turned into whimpers and moans. Suddenly her pussy tightened around my cock as her orgasm started which in turn sent me over the edge. Our eyes never broke contact as her juices flowed over my exploding cock. We'd never climaxed at the same time like this before. It was an incredible experience that I hoped we could repeat every time. When her orgasm finally finished, and my cock was done blasting into her, she collapsed on top of me, hugging me as tightly as she could. My cock slowly softened and slipped out of her naturally as we laid their together.

"I love you, Jason."

"I love you too, Angel," I told her. "More than I've ever loved anyone in my life."

She kissed my neck and then my cheek, then she slipped off of me and cuddled up next to me on the bed. We held each other close, but were soon interrupted by a knock on the door. The pizza guy was here. I kissed her on the forehead and sat on the edge of the bed, searching for some pants. I pulled on my boxer briefs and went to the door. 

"Oh!" the pizza delivery girl said, shocked at how little I was wearing.

"Sorry," I said, slightly embarrassed for her.

"It's okay, here's your pizza. If you could just sign this," the cute, young blonde girl said. I took the receipt, signed it with a nice tip and then handed it back to her. When I looked back at her, she was staring at Jamie in the bed, stark naked with her eyes closed.

"Here you go," I said, getting her attention again. She jumped, startled, and took the pen and receipt back from me and then handed me the receipt. 

"Thanks, sorry," she said. I could just barely see her cheeks turn a slight shade of pink in the low lighting outside the door.

"Don't be sorry," I said and then whispered, "We'll be here all night." I winked at her. She grinned back and looked at Jamie. 

"You like girls?" I asked quietly.

She opened her mouth, unsure of how to respond.

"It's okay. I do too," I joked with her to ease the tension. "Why don't you hold on a second, okay?"

"Uh, I should probably go."

"Just one second," I assured her.

She looked nervous but nodded her head. I locked the deadbolt on the door before shutting it so it wouldn't close all the way. I took the pizza to the dresser and then sat on the bed next to Jamie.

"Baby," I whispered.

"I could hear you, you know," she said but I couldn't tell if she was upset or if she was teasing me.

"I'm sorry," I apologized, thinking that would be the safest response.

She opened her eyes and looked at me with a grin. "She is pretty cute. As long as she's eighteen, we can see what happens."

"Really?" I asked, holding back my excitement. I'd always wanted to be in a threesome with two gorgeous girls, but I never dreamed it would ever happen. Especially not with Jamie!

She giggled. "Don't get too excited. This is probably a once in a lifetime opportunity that won't happen again."

"I'm okay with that. I'll be right back," I said and kissed her before going back to the door. I pulled on my shorts this time to save the girl some embarrassment. She was still there, waiting at the door, when I got back. "Sorry about that."

She shrugged and smiled at me nervously.

"What time are you off?" I asked her.

"Ten."

"How old are you?"

"Eighteen," she said shakily. 

I wasn't sure I believed her and the look on my face must have shown that. She pulled out her I.D. from her back pocket and handed it to me. She was definitely 18, almost 19, actually. I handed it back to her with a smile.

"Well, please come by when you're off work. We'd love to, uh, have you," I said with a grin.

She smiled shyly and then quickly walked away. I shut the door and turned towards Jamie. She was sitting up in bed eating the pizza that was just delivered, and she hadn't bothered to put any clothes on either. So, I pulled my underwear off and joined her in bed, taking a slice for myself.

"So, do you think she'll show up?" Jamie asked.

"I guess we'll just have to wait and see. Do you really want her to?"

"Jason, this wouldn't be the first time I've been with a girl."

"So, then why would this be a 'once in a lifetime' thing?" I asked.

She swallowed the pizza she was chewing on. "Because I don't believe in multiple partners when you're in a relationship with someone. Sure, fuck who you're with, but don't fuck someone else. It's cheating. But, a threesome would be fun, I think. Only if the other person is a girl, though. I'd feel too violated if I had two dicks in me at once."

Everything she said was like music to my ears. I'd always had a fantasy of banging two chicks at once; what guy hasn't? I had other fantasies as well, and if this one was being fulfilled, why wouldn't other ones?

"What fantasies do you have?" I asked her and took a bite of pizza.

"Well, one might be fulfilled tonight," she said.

"A threesome with a guy and a girl?"

"Yes, but like I said, I only want to do this once, just to say that I have. If I enjoy it, great, but my mind is made up. If we're going to be together, we're committed to each other," she said, looking me straight in the eye.

I kissed her, not caring about the pizza breath we both had. "You are all I truly want. If this girl doesn't show up tonight, I will be perfectly happy being with you only."

She kissed me again. "I know that. I think I'm just afraid of you falling for someone else if we do this a lot."

My chin just about fell in my lap. "Jamie, you have nothing to worry about when it comes to that. I have practically been in love with you for years. I would never do anything to screw this up. You are beautiful, sexy, smart...I could go on forever about how amazing you are. If anybody should be scared of losing the other it should be me."

She was grinning from ear to ear until the last thing I said. "Jason, you are an amazing guy! You are sweet, loyal, protective and strong. You're not overbearing with your protectiveness either. At least, not that I've seen. You are very handsome, too. That smile of yours has always gotten to me. Even before I saw you this way, your smile always made me feel loved. You are a great man. Don't ever say that you're not ever again."

I smiled again and we kissed passionately. It wasn't long before we set the pizza box on the floor and began fucking again.