 I was the first to wake up the next morning. Jamie was still wrapped in my arms, and we were still spooning with me behind her. I hugged her tightly, remembering the "accidental" proposal the night before and how she had accepted it. I hadn't wanted to propose that way; I planned to take her out when I could get a ring and do it properly. I still had a plan, and I had a decent amount of money saved up in my savings account.

Jamie pressed closer into me when I'd hugged her. It came as no surprise to either of us when I realized I was already hard. Not many guys wake up in the morning without morning wood, plus add in the factor of a gorgeous woman like Jamie in my arms, it was bound to happen.

My hard shaft was pressed against her ass; the perfect ass I got to fuck the night before. She moaned in delight as she turned her head towards me. I lifted mine to meet her and brought my lips to hers. Our kiss was loving and tender, but I knew in a few minutes it would change.

"Good morning, lover," she said.

"Mornin', babe," I answered.

"You seem to have something for me. So early?" she teased.

"He's like that every morning."

"That's good to know," she said reaching down to grab my cock. When she did, it was to guide him right to her pussy. She spread her legs just enough for access to her love tunnel and I plunged right in. I reached down with my left hand and rubbed her clit as I fucked her slowly from behind. With my right, I cupped one of her ample breasts and pulled her tighter into me. We kissed deeply and passionately, expressing as much love for each other as we possibly could. We were desperate for this connection, needing the affection like a fish needs water.

My pole slid up and down like a piston getting warmed up. And I knew that's all we were doing was getting warmed up. But, this time I wanted it to be slow and sensual, not fast and animalistic like last night. She seemed to want the same thing, too.

I kissed her neck as we slow-fucked in that wonderful spooning position. I loved the feeling of her soft ass squishing against my belly as I slid in and out of her hot, wet pussy. She reached back and ran her fingers through my hair, stopping to grab onto my head with a moan here and there. Without words she told me she wanted a new position, so I pulled out of her and she rolled onto her back and grabbed my shoulders. Without any guidance, my dick found its target and slid home into her vagina. My pelvis met hers and we held our position, our eyes locked on each other. I lowered my head down to hers and then our lips were locked, tongues dancing with each other slowly.

My hips moved involuntarily into a slow rhythm, sliding my cock up and down her passage in the most beautiful slow-fuck we'd experienced since our first night together. It seemed like so long ago, but at the same time it felt like yesterday. Time was irrelevant while we were together. I kissed down her jawline to her neck where I spent some time kissing, sucking and licking up and down her throat. Her breathing became more labored and came in shorter bursts; her orgasm was growing. I felt mine coming as well, but we didn't pick up the pace to hurry to our climax. We wanted this to last as long as possible without having to interrupt our perfect rhythm. 

Jamie let out small gasps and cries as she came closer to the edge. I moaned into her smooth neck as I pumped my cock into her depths over and over. Soon that familiar tingle in the tip of my cock hit me, and its only cure was to once again coat her insides with my seed.

"Cum for me, baby," she begged. "Shoot it inside me."

That was about all I could take. My balls tightened and released an unstoppable force of cum. It was like a dam had released the full force of a river through my cock, sending stream after stream of hot jizz into her womb. The sensation of my climax seemed to push her over the edge as well as her legs wrapped tightly around my waist and bucked her hips into mine over and over. Her pussy clenched around my cock, milking it for every drop.

We collapsed right then and there, our arms wrapped tightly around each other, never wanting to let go.

"That was amazing," Jamie whispered into my ear.

"You're tellin' me," I said with a laugh and lifted my head to kiss her. Her beautiful brown eyes sparkled with contentment and love as she stared into mine. We didn't kiss with a desperate need for each other, but with a confident love that knew we would never be apart again.

"We should get ready," she said after we recovered a few minutes later.

"Yeah, we've only got a few more hours before we're home."

She smiled and kissed me before getting up out of the bed to head for the shower. When she reached the bathroom door she turned and looked at me expectantly and I looked at her confused.

"Well?" she said. "Aren't you going to join me?"

A smile spread across my face and then I got up and chased her into the bathroom. She let out a squeal and tried to shut the door on me, but I was too quick for her.

"Now, that's not fair. You invite me to join you in the shower and you try to lock me out?"

"I had to make you work for it," she said pointedly.

"Oh really?" I said, stepping towards her. She backed towards the shower and I reached out for her, grabbing her by the back of the head with a fist full of her brown hair. She looked scared and excited all at once. I forcefully pulled her into me, locking her eyes on mine as I glared down at her. 

"Please, don't hurt me," she playfully begged.

"You can do better than that," I said, pushing us closer to the tub. "Turn on the water," I demanded. Without taking her eyes off of me, she reached back and fumbled for the faucet on the tile wall of the shower. She turned the knob and water began to pour out into the tub. 

"Now what do you want me to do, Master?" she said in a mocking tone.

"Mocking me now?" I said and tightened the grip on her hair. She winced for a second but then looked at me with wildly horny eyes. I admit, for a second I was afraid I'd hurt her, but this seemed to be turning her on, which turned me on in return.

"No, sir, no. I'm sorry."

"You're going to have to earn your forgiveness," I said and turned her around. "Switch it to the shower faucet," I commanded and she complied. "Good girl," I said and jerked her subtly towards the shower. She got the hint and stepped over the edge of the tub and into the hot water now shooting forcefully out of the overhead faucet. The water pelted us like bullets; it almost distracted me from the role-playing. I hated faucets that had too strong of pressure.

She reached up and turned the outer ring of the showerhead that eased up the pressure a bit. 

"Good girl," I said.

"Thank you, sir," she said and turned towards me again. "What would you like me to do, Master?"

I looked down her body and as I did, my cock grew once again. I was surprised that it had anything left after my last ejaculation into her wet-hot box. 

"On your knees," I said and let go of her hair. As soon as she was on her knees, she grabbed the base of my cock and slid her hand up and down its length a couple times. "Put it in your mouth," I commanded her next and grabbed the back of her head again. Her tongue slid up and down my length, sucking as she brought herself to the tip and then blowing hot air as she took my length into her pretty mouth again. She looked up at me as she did it a few more times. I loved when she looked into my eyes, especially as she blew my cock. "Very good, lover," I said, my tone suddenly softer. I was breaking character; she would take over control if I didn't bring myself back. But the sensation of her mouth on my already sensitive cock was taking control of my thoughts. 

"You like that?" she said, removing my prick from her mouth.

"Who told you to stop?" I demanded, bringing control back to me again. A quick flash of fear shined in her eyes, but she put her mouth over my cock again and resumed the BJ. "That's enough," I said, knowing I had to take control again. I pulled her up to her feet by her hair, just enough to cause a small amount of pain. She winced again but looked at me with so much lust I knew I hadn't hurt her too bad.

I turned her around and bent her towards the wall of the shower containing the controls to the shower. I lined my cock up with her slick pussy and slammed it home. I reached up and grabbed a fistful of her wet brown hair and pulled her head back. Her face was blasted by the hot water shooting out of the faucet. I pulled out of her pussy about 90% of the way and released her hair slightly without letting go. I pulled back again as I rammed my cock into her cunt. I did that a few more times and then grabbed her right shoulder with one hand and her left hip with the other. 

"Fuck me, please," she begged. 

I did. I fucked her good and hard, causing her to scream. I knew the water from the shower only elevated the volume of her screams, not to mention the slapping of my hand to her ass and of my pelvis to her ass. Suddenly, I pulled out and spun her towards me. She jumped up and wrapped her legs around me as I caught her by the ass. Lifting her up a little, my cock found its home inside her pussy again and she fell back down on my cock. Her lips locked onto mine and we made out for a minute before fully resuming our fucking. 

I bounced her on my cock like a fucking pogo-stick. Her nails dug into my shoulders as she helped me bounce her; her legs were locked together behind my back. I felt another orgasm begin to build and I started to lose strength in my legs. I turned to the right and pinned her against the tile wall, using the force to hold her up and take a little bit of pressure off of my legs. I drove into her harder and harder and she screamed louder and louder with each thrust into her love tunnel. I'd never heard so many obscenities fly out of her mouth ever since we started fucking earlier in the week. It drove me insane, if you must know. I didn't know how she could speak, to be honest. I could barely form a word myself.

"Oh fucking shit, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she screamed and I did as she requested. "I'm gonna cum," she squealed and that sent me over the edge. I blasted into her, although not as much as earlier, but it wasn't any less powerful. My orgasm started a chain reaction inside of her that made her lock up, nearly crushing my abdomen with the strength of her dancer's legs. 

"I can't stand up anymore," I whispered as my orgasm dissipated.

I looked to my right and saw that there was just enough room for me to sit on the corner of the tub. I moved towards it and Jamie slowly released the grip on my waist her legs had. I slid out of her and collapsed onto the small seat. Jamie seemed to be recovering faster than I was. She grabbed the soap and began to wash us both. 

"You are amazing," she told me as she lovingly washed me.

"Me? No, no, you're the one who's amazing. I'm still having a hard time wrapping my head around the fact that we're even together," I said.

She looked up at me almost sadly. "Why?"

I looked down at her and she rose up on her knees until she was almost level with my face. "We've talked about this before, haven't we? I've been in love with you for so long, never thinking there could ever be anything more than friendship between us."

"Well, whose fault is that?" she asked with a wink.

"Oh, I take full blame. But you know I've never been one to have much confidence in myself."

"Well, if you plan to keep me, you'd better get a handle on that."

I looked at her confused. "You'd leave me for losing confidence?"

She sighed. "That's not what I meant. I'd never dream of leaving you, but I've seen it happen so many times that the one in the relationship lacking confidence ends things because they don't think they deserve what they have."

I cupped her face in my hands. "I will never, ever leave you," I vowed. "I have dreamed of being with you for way too long to ever consider giving you up. I pulled her face up to mine and kissed her lovingly. "I love you," I said. "More than I've ever loved anybody in my life."

She smiled and kissed me again. "And I love you the same. Now, let's make a promise to each other, right here and now."

"Okay," I said, looking at her curiously.

"We never bring up the topic of us not being together ever again."

I smiled and said, "I promise."

"Good," she said and then kissed me again. "Now, wash me."

I stood up and rinsed off where she had lathered soap on my body and then took the soap from her to return the favor. A half an hour later, we were checked out of the hotel and searching for a quick breakfast to eat on the road. We talked the whole way home about everything and about nothing. We joked and laughed until, inevitably, we hit the California border. We were nearly home. Maybe three hours left because of the big truck. 

We were glad for the air-conditioning of the truck, because even though it was early in the morning, the desert was already hot. I was dressed in knee length denim shorts and an orange tank-top I'd gotten on my trip to Hawaii back in '06. I'd kicked off my flip flops to drive the truck better. I glanced over at the minimal clothing Jamie had decided to wear. She'd pulled out a flowery bikini top to wear under a white tank-top. She wore tiny denim shorts that barely covered her ass. I'd watched as she dressed this morning and she had opted out of wearing panties. It'd come in handy at a small truck stop we'd stopped at to use the restroom a couple hours into our drive for the day. We'd shared the same single occupant restroom and had a quickie before getting back on the road. 

"So, when should we get married?" she asked me.

"I hadn't really thought about it. What time of year would you like to get married?" I asked.

"I was thinking a summer wedding on the beach."

I grimaced at the thought of the sand. "I hate the beach."

"What?!" she squeaked. "Why?"

"Sand. It gets everywhere!"

She let out a sigh. "Well, I'll make it my mission to get you to like it more."

I shrugged. "Good luck," I said with a wink.

"When would you like to get married?" she asked.

"I'm tempted to make a pit stop in Vegas," I half-joked.

Jamie laughed, one of my favorite sounds, and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, that'd go over well with my parents."

"I know, I was kidding. You know what? I like the idea of summertime. But, wearing a tux on the beach doesn't sound appealing to me. It's hot enough as it is, I'm not sure I could stand there in a black tux under the hot sun."

"Who says you have to be in a tux or that it has to be black?" she said.

I shrugged. "What do you suggest?"

"I had friends who got married and the entire wedding party was in white, loose-fitting clothes. For the guys, they wore white slacks and white button up shirts that were made of a very light material. I'll have to find out what it was. The girls were in white or light colored sundresses."

I could picture it, actually: The two of us in white, the groomsmen as well as the bridesmaids; even the minister in a white suit, or whatever he felt comfortable wearing.

"I like it," I said.

"Really?" she asked excitedly. 

"I really like it."

"Yay!" she celebrated and then sat next to me in the middle of the bench seat. Her head rested on my shoulder. "So, next summer then?"

"Next year?" I asked.

"Yeah, I think we should take some time to plan and save for it. I know traditionally my father would pay for the wedding, and, of course, your mom would help too. But, I don't want them to carry the entire burden."

I thought about it for a minute and agreed. "So, a year from this summer. I think I can live with that," I said and kissed the top of her head. 

She hugged my arm and I caressed her thigh lovingly. "Jason, I have never been this happy before. Thank you for being you," she said.

I was floored by that comment, but I remembered what she had said about being confident. "I feel the same way, my love."

She squeezed my arm tightly and then closed her eyes. Soon her head was on my right thigh as she slept with a content smile on her face. I shared the same smile on my face as I stared down the road. I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt this happy before either. I was blessed beyond measure just being with her, and it felt good knowing she felt the same way.

A couple hours later I was fighting the 

California traffic as we neared my apartment she would be moving into. Normally the traffic would be frustrating me and making my temper grow, but Jamie's presence seemed to keep me calm. Besides, I was planning the perfect date for the real proposal. I also had to save up a little more money for a ring. I had a good amount saved up already, but it wouldn't be enough for what I felt she deserved.

Before too long we were at my apartment, but we were both too tired to start moving her in. Her dad called saying he had reserved her a storage unit that she could start moving into the next day. So, we decided just to get her essentials out of the truck and in the morning we would go to the storage unit and figure out what she could keep at my place and what would go into storage. My roommate said he'd help us out; I think he had a crush on Jamie already. I'd have to talk to him about that, but I let it go for now since he was so willing to help out.

Exhausted from the long trip, Jamie and I just collapsed in my bed for a couple hours before meeting up with our families for dinner. There was a lot to discuss and plan over the next year and a half or so.