 I woke from the nap, still unclothed and still with my arms wrapped snuggly around her body. Her long, curly brown hair smelled of vanilla; which was by far my favorite scent. Either she knew this about me, or she loved vanilla too. But either way, we were beginning to fit together. But then I started thinking about it and wondered what I knew about her. She seemed to know things or learn things from others about me, but here I was just floating along, hoping she loved me back. Although, that was one thing I knew for sure; she did love me. Ever since the night before, I knew she loved me. 

It was now my mission to spend the rest of my life learning all I could about Jamie. I kissed her shoulder and slipped my arms from around her. I decided I wanted to go for a walk and just think and sort out all that had happened the past twenty-four hours or so. I went into the shower to wash the results of sex off of me. The water became hot pretty quickly, so I stepped into the shower, letting the hot water wash over me. I thought back to my shower last night, how I'd jerked off to just the thought of fucking Jamie, and then an hour or so later, it happened! How quickly your life can change, whether for the worse or the better. Thankfully mine was changing for the better. The best it's ever been!

"Jason?" Jamie said, interrupting my thoughts.

"Yeah?" I said poking my head out from behind the curtain.

"You scared me for a second. I didn't know where you'd gone."

"I'm sorry, love. I didn't want to wake you."

"Well, I'm awake now," she said with a smile. Could this girl not get enough?

"Wanna join me in the shower?"

Her response was to jump in with me, kissing me passionately.

"No sex, though. We need to get dinner," she said.

A part of me was disappointed, but another part of me was thankful. I wasn't sure how much my penis could take in a day. I wasn't used to so much sexual attention; my ex-wife barely let me near her. 

"What time is it?" I asked.

"The clock said five-thirty when I woke up."

"Oh, then it's definitely nearing dinnertime, huh?"

"Yes it is, and I'm starved."

We washed each other quickly and then she brought her toiletry bag into the bathroom, kicking me out to dress in the main part of the room. I'd packed a set of nicer clothes, hoping to take her out on a nice date at least once on the trip. I pulled out a pair of black slacks and a blue, long sleeved button up shirt. It was part of the suit my father had bought for me the last Christmas he was with us. He took me and my brothers to get new suits. He claimed it wasn't for his funeral, but looking back I wondered if he'd been lying to keep our spirits up. He truly believed he'd be healed, but the cancer took him quicker than we all expected. 

I pulled out the blue tie that matched my shirt to finish off the ensemble. Just as I finished tying it in the mirror, Jamie stepped out of the bathroom. She was wearing a tight black dress that hung to every sexy curve of her body. My jaw dropped and my eyes grew wide. Her hair framed her face perfectly, growing wavy as it fell down to her shoulders. How did I get to be so lucky?

"What?" she asked self-consciously.

"You look amazing," I told her.

"Aw," she said. "You're sweet."

She stepped up and straightened my tie.

"You look pretty good yourself, handsome," she said.

I blushed but locked that compliment away. I rarely got compliments about my looks, especially not from women as gorgeous as Jamie. As she walked towards me, she did a slow twirl to show off everything. Her dress exposed some of her back with a U shape cut to her mid back. Her milky white skin stood in stark contrast to the little black dress. The hem of the dress ended just a couple of inches past her beautiful ass. I wanted nothing more than to rip that thing off of her and fuck her on the spot, but I knew good things came to those who wait. 

"Shall we?" I asked, offering my arm. She hooked her arm into mine and then hugged my arm. "Do you have a coat?" I asked. 

"Oh, yeah!" she said and returned to her bag, pulling out a light, black coat. She also grabbed an umbrella. 

"You packed an umbrella?" I asked her.

"Honey, we're in the south in the middle of summer. You never know when you might need an umbrella," she laughed.

I chuckled. "Fair enough. Let's go get some sushi."

"Mmmm," she moaned and then we left the hotel. 

We found the little sushi restaurant. It was a very classy place, so I was glad I had packed a shirt and tie for this very occasion. Looking around the dimly lit dining room I saw that everyone there was dressed to impress. 

"Hi there!" the cute, bubbly hostess greeted us. "Just the two of you?"

"Yep!" I said happily. 

She looked down at her map of the restaurant layout and then did a quick survey of the dining room. "Right this way," she said and I followed her with Jamie on my arm. I looked around and noticed that many of the customers in the restaurant were watching as we passed by. I got a couple subtle nods from some impressed older gentlemen there with their wives. 

"Will this be okay?" the hostess asked, taking us to a small booth in the corner. We had windows on either wall so we could see the sun setting on the horizon. 

"It's perfect, thank you," I told her and we slid into the half-circle booth.

"Candice will be your server; she will be with you shortly."

"Thanks," I said with a smile and the hostess returned to her station at the front.

"This is a nice place," Jamie said.

"Yes, it is."

"Can we afford this?" she whispered.

I looked at her, feigning offense. "Are you insinuating that I can't afford nice things for you?"

"No! I didn't mean-"

I laughed. "Jamie, relax. I've been saving up quite a bit with my job. I wanted to take you out on at least one nice dinner on this trip."

"Did you know something would happen between us?" she asked suspiciously.

"I had no idea what would happen. But, I was hoping something would. I didn't expect great sex, but I did hope for the start of something great together."

She smiled at me lovingly. "You took a really big chance," she stated. "It's about time."

"Thank you?" I said, unsure of the comment.

"No, I'm glad you did! I was hoping you would make some kind of move. All those times we briefly got to see each other when we were in town back home, I could tell you liked me. Especially that time when you first admitted you'd had feelings for me in the past," she explained.

I was blown away! I had no idea she'd known for so long. Why hadn't I taken a chance sooner? How long ago was that day at Starbucks? Shit, I couldn't remember. It was probably five or six years ago! And I'd secretly pined over her for longer than that. My ex-wife had known I'd liked Jamie in the past, and it was for that reason she wouldn't allow me to invite her to our wedding. Lisa had some issues with her own insecurity which made her very controlling. Even the end of our relationship was on her terms. 

You see, I'd been single for a good seven and a half years when I met Lisa and I thought I'd never meet anyone. For me, she was someone to rescue from a shitty relationship. Looking back now, I think that she was the problem much less than her boyfriend had been. Yeah, he flirted with other girls, but that was about it. It was wrong, in my opinion, but it was nothing compared to the shit she probably put him through. Part of me still wants to contact him and apologize for how I treated him when they finally broke up.

I tried breaking it off with Lisa twice before we got married. Once was a couple weeks after we got engaged! She had these patterns she would fall into with constantly having to have a comment about everything and having to always be right. Yeah, it sounds petty on the surface, but she didn't do it with just me. She got into fights and arguments with my family too. I would defend her to them and then try and explain what she did wrong. She would call me a hypocrite and a liar, but all I was trying to do was keep peace between her and my family. Yeah, I had some anger issues, but I'd been getting better with keeping it under control until I started dating her. She just knew how to push people's buttons. It was a really unhealthy relationship and I wanted out.

Like I said, I tried breaking up with her, but she was so manipulative, she knew how to turn things around and make me feel like the bad guy. So, I would give her another chance to prove I could be someone who could love her no matter what, and she promised to change as long as I would communicate when she was upsetting or hurting me. It would go great for a few months, and then almost like a switch, she'd go right back to the same old shit. But when we got married, it was only a few months after my father had died, and I was honestly afraid of being alone. I was in my late twenties, my dad had died at 51, and I was afraid I didn't have much time left to start a family of my own. I saw her as my only option. At that time, I didn't know Jamie had always known about my secret feelings for her. But then Lisa started cheating on me. The last time was partly my fault.

Our friend, Adam, the older brother to Lisa's Maid of Honor, and close friend of ten years, was going on a road trip to see his sister. Lisa wanted to go, and just to have a couple weeks to myself, I agreed. It happened to begin right at our first anniversary. She got upset for not saying "Happy Anniversary" the morning of, but I'd been driving for work when we were texting that morning. And to be honest, I forgot that it was even a Tuesday let alone the 12th of June. But I responded with, "You're mad at me for not wishing you a happy anniversary while you're on a road trip with another guy?"

When she returned from the road trip she was very distant with me. And after a week of that, I got fed up and finally got it out of her. She wanted a divorce. I said, "Okay then" and that's where things ended for us. It was a quick divorce, and only a few short months later, I decided I wanted out of Colorado and to be back with my family. I missed them and wanted to rebuild my relationship with them. 

Shortly after that I saw Jamie again, right before Christmas, and that's what rekindled my feelings for her. 

"Jason?" Jamie snapped my back to reality.

"Yeah? I'm sorry; I didn't realize I'd gone somewhere there."

"Are you okay?" she asked.

My eyes locked with hers. "I am now," I said, grabbing her hand.

She blushed slightly and smiled. "You can tell me about what you were thinking after we order."

I hadn't noticed that Candice was standing there. Man, I must have really slipped away for a moment. I looked up, slightly embarrassed and laughed. Candice gave a nervous laugh in return. I apologized and we made our orders. We ordered five didn't rolls to split between us; two salmon rolls, some sort of crab rolls, tuna and shrimp tempura. She ordered a glass of wine and I got a tall Jack and Coke.

"So," Jamie said once we ordered our sushi. "What made you space out so much?"

"Just bad memories of Lisa, I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. It was only a year ago. It was a big part of your life, even if it was painful."

"I just don't like thinking about her, especially now that we're together."

"I know, but I don't want you to think you can't think about that part of your life. It all happened while your dad was sick, too," she said getting slightly choked up and grabbing my hand. Her family has been close with mine for years, so the death of my father affected her and the rest of her family too. 

"Thanks," I said. She was such a graceful woman. And more than just physically since, aside from being a foster care counselor, she was also a dance instructor. She did ballet when she was younger, but now focuses more on ballroom dancing, especially for weddings. She had a graceful heart so full of love and compassion. It was hard to find a flaw in her. Although, her mother did mention that Jamie was a little high maintenance. If that was all that was wrong with her, then I could deal with that. When my marriage was ending, my mother had told me that I needed a "princess to dote on", and I was pretty sure that was Jamie. I think I will enjoy maintaining her. 

"So, if you are okay talking about it, I'd like to know what happened," she said.

"Really?" I asked her, confused. I sat back a little, blown away at her request.

"Well, if we're going to be together, it's a good idea we know each other's history in relationships and the things we've learned from them. Since I haven't been married and haven't really had a serious boyfriend, I don't have much to share, really. Hell, I'm not even sure exactly why things didn't work out with guys in the past. I think things just didn't seem to fit; things just weren't right, you know?"

I nodded. "I knew things were wrong with Lisa before we were even together. I told her we wouldn't work as anything other than friends, and I said that while she was dating her last boyfriend."

"Then why did you pursue things?"

I sighed. "She was someone to rescue. I got the opportunity to be her knight in shining armor. Her boyfriend seemed to be a douche and I got to stand up to him for her. It caused some drama that eventually forced us to leave the church we met at and served in, but, at the time, she seemed worth it. Also, I hadn't been in a relationship for seven and a half years."

"And she was the first girl to show interest in you," she said, understanding.

"Exactly. But four months later, I tried breaking it off with her..." I told her the story of the relationship up until the divorce. I even talked about some of the crazy shit Lisa tried to pull during the three month ordeal. I was grateful to Colorado for having such a quick process. It started early July and ended late October. 

"Wow. You went through hell with her."

"Well, according to me and my family, I was married to Satan. So, life could only get better."

She laughed. "I didn't like her much the brief moment I got to meet her at your dad's memorial service. She just wasn't very pleasant and seemed a little more attached to your dad than she should have. I mean, she didn't know him that well or for very long either."

"Exactly. Yeah, it didn't take much for my dad to make an impact on someone, but with all the shit she put me through, I don't know how she would think that my dad liked her as much as she thinks he did. If he had been healthy the whole time, he probably would have been able to convince me not to marry her. My mom would have too, if she hadn't had to deal with him being sick as well. She had way too much to take care of than my problems."

I sighed and dropped my cloth napkin on the table. Most of the sushi was gone by now anyway. 

"I should have been stronger," I said, feeling angry with myself.

"Hey," she said soothingly, grabbing both my hands with hers. I couldn't help but look into her loving eyes, but I was tearing up. It'd been a while since I'd talk to someone about my failed marriage. "Don't beat yourself up. You made mistakes, but she was a bitch who cheated on you. You forgave her every time and took her back. Not many guys would do that. You are a good man. You loved her as much as you possibly could. Shit, probably more than anyone ever could."

"Probably not as much as Adam."

"The guy she went on the road trip with?"

I nodded.

"They're together still?"

"As far as I know."

"Well, good luck to him," she said and we laughed.

When we quieted back down I kept smiling at her. "You are an amazing woman, you know that?"

She blushed a lot that time. "Stop it. I can't be that great. No guy has ever been able to stick around. My dad always said they weren't good enough anyway."

"Then I guess I'm in trouble," I half-joked.

She sighed. "That's something we're going to work on with you," she said.

"What?"

"Your self-confidence."

It was my turn to sigh. "Yeah, I know. I've never been very good with that."

"Well, that should be changing. If I'm as amazing as you think I am, and you have my heart already, then you have no reason to not feel good about yourself."

She had a good point. "Plus, I saw the looks almost every guy in here was giving you. Some gave me very impressed nods and looks of approval."

"See, there you go! You're with a beautiful woman wanted by others who can't and won't ever have her."

My smile grew. Jamie was becoming not just what I wanted, but more than I knew I needed. I just hoped I could do the same for her.

"I love you, Jamie."

She smiled and scooted around the circular booth and then kissed me. It was a sweet and loving kiss, but it became more seductive when I felt her hand grab my slowly hardening cock. I about jumped up in excitement and fucked her right there.

She laughed and then said, "I love you too, Jason. What do you say we get out of here and go back to our room?"

I looked and our server just happened to be walking by. I caught her attention, asked for the bill and turned back to Jamie, kissing her deeply. A couple minutes later our server returned with our bill, I laid down more than enough cash, took Jamie by the hand and we nearly ran out of the restaurant. It was a quick drive back to the hotel in her little sedan. We didn't waste any time getting up to our room either. We ran as fast as we could in my dress shoes and her black Stilettos. 

"Ladies first," I gestured with my hand to the stairs.

"Yeah, just so you can stare at my ass all the way up?"

"Who says there are no perks to being a gentleman?" I winked.

"Touché," she said and then hurried up the stairs. And, yes, I did stare at her perfect, round butt ahead of me. How could I not?

We got to the door and I pulled my key card from my pocket and slid it into the slot as her arms wrapped around my neck and she pulled me into a deep, passionate kiss. I grabbed her ass with my free hand and opened the door with my other. She jumped up, wrapping her legs around my waist and grinding her pussy into my growing cock. I grabbed on to her other butt-cheek as I carried her through the doorway and into our temporary love-nest.

I turned towards the bed, and once my knees touched it, I let us fall onto the mattress, pinning my rod against her. She reached for my tie and fumbled with it in the dark, loosening it from my neck. Once it was free, she threw it to the side, lost in the darkness of the room. Next she went for the buttons of my shirt, undoing them frantically, one by one. 

I slid my hands up to her shoulders and pulled on the silky fabric of her dress, pulling at the shoulders. Once she got the last button of my shirt undone, I began to peal her skin tight dress from her body, kissing the flesh that was slowly being revealed to me. It's true what they say about losing one sense and the others working harder to compensate. The darkness took away a lot of our sight, so the sensation of her skin on my lips was nearly doubled. Her skin was so soft and so hot to the touch, it was electric. 

The scent of her sweet perfume invaded my nostrils as the musky scent of her wetness crept up to my nose, creating an intoxicating aroma. I stopped at her breasts, licking and flicking her nipples with my tongue. The salt of her skin seemed to increase my desire for her as I moved from one breast to the other. As I focused on her tits, I slid her dress down further, stopping at her hips.

I rose back up to her face and she pushed my shirt off of my shoulders. I shrugged out of it, discarding it somewhere in the empty darkness around us. I lowered my face to hers and her arms laced around my neck once again. We held each other tightly as we began another make-out session. We rolled over so she was on top of me and she sat up, startling me just below the waist. She gyrated her hips, grinding her pussy into my still covered dick. If she kept that up, I'd be jizzing in my pants any moment. I concentrated on breathing and holding back the need to cum as much as possible as she continued her gyrations. 
