 We'd been driving for a couple hours and Jamie still hadn't said anything to me yet. Was she afraid of me? Was she upset with me? I couldn't tell. Candy had thanked me for doing what I'd done to that jackass, and there's no way I would ever let anyone harm Jamie. Besides, it was mostly self-defense. But, maybe I'd wanted him to attack so I could beat him up without being in the wrong. 

"Jamie?" I said, testing to see if she was avoiding talking to me.

She looked over at me but didn't say anything.

"Are you okay?"

She shrugged.

"Wanna talk about it?"

"Not really."

"Are you mad at me?" I asked, staring out the windshield. The headlights did a poor job lighting up the road, but I didn't care about that nearly as much as I did about things being okay between me and Jamie.

"No," she admitted.

"Then what is it?" I probed further, speaking as gently as I could.

"That side of you scares me," she confessed. 

Finally!

"What side of me?" I asked, glancing over at her before looking back at the road again.

"Your violent side."

"Violent side? Jamie, we've been friends for how long now? And have I ever been violent? Have I ever gone out looking for a fight?"

"No, but we did lose contact for a few years. Who knows what changed in you, or what kind of damage your ex-wife did to you?"

"Jamie, you don't think I would ever hurt you, do you?" I asked, reaching my hand across the bench seat.

"I don't know. You just scared me the way you beat him up."

"I didn't mean to. But, you know I would never let anyone talk to you like that. But, he did attack me, and I only hit him once," I said with a chuckle.

Jamie did laugh a little. "And he hit the floor like a sack of potatoes."

"And did I continue to beat him up?"

"No," she said in a mock whiny voice. She knew she had nothing to be scared of with me. I'd never hit a girl in my life, and I still haven't. 

"Then, are we okay?" I asked.

"Yes," she said and then unbuckled her seat belt and slid next to me on the bench seat. "Maybe you should pull over somewhere so I can show you how okay we are," she said and started kissing my neck and nibbling on my earlobe. 

I saw the sign saying we were entering Kingman, Arizona. "It's getting late, maybe we should stop for the night."

"Where are we?" she asked, still kissing my neck.

"Kingman," I told her.

"I didn't reserve a room here, though."

"This one's on me," I said and took the exit. It wasn't long before I found a Motel 6. I figured neither of us would care as long as it had a bed. I checked us in, got our key card and drove around the building to where our room would be. Luckily, the motel seemed pretty empty since there was a ton of parking for the big U-Haul truck.

We didn't waste any time getting out of the truck. As soon as it was parked, Jamie was jumping out of the cab with an excited and playful grin on her face. I did make sure the doors were locked, though. Then I chased her to our room. Thankfully we were on the first floor this time. She reached the door first, but I had the key card. Jamie stood against the door, panting from her little sprint. When I reached her I pressed myself against her, planting my mouth on hers and she curled a leg around mine, pressing her pelvis against my upper thigh. 

Still kissing her, I pulled the key card out of my pocket and then slid it into the slot; very foreshadowing of the events that were about to occur. When we heard the click of the door unlocking, Jamie pushed the handle down and together we shoved the door open. She slipped from my grasp and hopped to the bed as I turned the light on. She climbed onto the bed, showing off that perfect ass covered by tiny shorts. She wiggled that round ass at me, enticing me to take her, and who was I to deny her? I stripped out of my clothes and finished the distance to her waiting for me on the bed. She surprised me by turning towards me and taking my hardening dick into her mouth. I grabbed onto the back of her head and slowly fucked her mouth. When she gagged, I pulled out and pulled her up to me and kissed her again. 

As I kissed her, I pulled the top of her shirt and peeled it off of her, discarding it to the floor. I pulled her tightly into me, crushing those beautiful tits into my chest. I slid my hands down her back to her ass, grabbed the tiny amount of denim covering those milky cheeks and squeezed. Without breaking our kiss, she unbuttoned her shorts and then I slid them over her perfect ass along with her bright green thong. We broke our kiss to get the shorts off the rest of the way and then we began to lay on the bed, resuming our kiss. Our bodies seemed to work in autopilot now. Her legs wrapped around my waist as my cock found its way home into her pussy. We were connected once again in the simple, but wonderful missionary position. 

We'd started off being playful, but as soon as we were connected again like that, our mood changed and we took it slow. We had all night to play, so why rush things? With slow and subtle movements, we made love, drinking in every movement, every moment. I broke our kiss again so I could look in to her big brown eyes. Her look returned the love I felt in that exact moment. She smiled at me and I could see any fear or doubt about us she may have had vanish, as if it'd never been there. I kissed and licked her neck and she let out a sigh. I slowly fucked her pussy and she met and countered each movement, enhancing the experience for both of us. 

When I looked at her again, she had that playful look again and I knew things were about to pick up. She pushed me up off of her petite frame and I started to roll onto my back. Her legs locked around my waist as she rolled with me. Once she was on top she sat up into the cowgirl position; my secret favorite position. I loved seeing her gorgeous tits bounce as she rode my cock. I knew it pleasured her love tunnel in a different way as well. 

I watched in admiration as she rose and fell on my shaft, her breasts jumping for joy, her perfect, smooth skin slapping against mine. Every so often she would stop and gyrate her hips like the sexy dancer she is and I would reach up and fondle and squeeze her beautiful fun bags. I pulled her into a hug, pressing her tits into my chest again and then I bent my legs, forcing her to raise her hips up a little and then I fucked her from below. We switched between the two variations for a few minutes, and then without even saying anything, we both started moving into a new one. She got on all fours in front of me and I took her from behind, holding on tightly to her shapely hips and driving my cock deep into her folds.

She began to whimper and moan in pleasure and I did as well. Our grunts and moans grew louder as the slapping of our skin did the same. The intensity of our fucking took over our minds, and soon we were consumed in passionate, animalistic sex. She screamed at me to fuck her harder and I followed every command. I began spanking her again and that just drove her even farther. Due to the growing speed of the fucking, I felt that familiar sensation rising in my cock as I felt my orgasm building. Her screams told me that the same was happening for her.

Then, without warning, cum shot out of my cock, deep into her pussy and I grunted with each spurt. Jamie let out one last, unintelligible scream and we collapsed together in a heap; me lying on her back.

"You're crushing me," she said once her breathing calmed a bit.

"Sorry, babe," I said and rolled off of her onto my side. She rolled into me, and I spooned her from behind. My dick began to soften as we laid their together in post-orgasmic bliss.

"How does it always seem to just get better with you?" she asked.

"I was wondering the same thing," I chuckled. "It must be our love. There's so much more freedom to get as crazy as much or as little as we want."

"Well, one of these days we need to be a little less crazy and a little more loving," she laughed and I joined her.

"Maybe when we get married," I blurted out and then froze. Had I said too much.

She repositioned herself to face me. Her expression was hard to read. She smiled but looked confused. 

"I'm sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself," I said.

"Shut up," she said. It was my turn to be confused.

"Okay."

"Do you mean that? You want to marry me?"

I didn't respond. Not because I didn't know how to, but because I wanted to mess with her for telling me to shut up.

She rolled her eyes, knowing exactly what I was doing. "You can speak now," she said, slapping my arm.

"Of course I want to marry you. I've wanted to be with you for, what, fourteen years. Why wouldn't I want to marry you? I love you more than I've ever loved anyone in my life."

"Is that what you told your last wife?"

There it was; the reason marrying me must make her a little nervous.

"Look, Jamie, I don't deny I made a mistake. With her, I thought I could save her from the lies in her own head telling her that she was unlovable. I wanted to prove to her that someone could love her. But, when she turned out to be a cheating bitch, I couldn't stick with that. You are an amazing woman that any man would be lucky to spend the rest of his life with. If I had a ring right now, I'd propose to you right this moment, drive us back home and start planning the wedding."

By the time I finished my last sentence, she was beaming at me. It was almost as if I'd actually proposed to her.

"What?" I asked suspiciously. 

"Yes," she said and I scrunched my forehead up.

"Wait, what? That wasn't my proposal! No!"

She laughed. "It was perfect. I'll marry you."

"Jamie, wait, this wasn't how I wanted to propose to you, really. I wanted to take you on a nice romantic date and spoil the shit out of you before I proposed."

"Well, this will be the secret proposal. You can still take me out on that fancy date when you get the actual ring. I don't need it. Consider this proposal like putting a ring on my heart," she said. It sounded corny and a little crazy, but nothing about that week had been exactly normal.

"Are you serious? You want us to start planning a wedding now?"

"Well, not tonight, but when we get home, why not?" she said.

I couldn't help but smile. I knew that our relationship from here on out would be anything but traditional. Of course, we'd been friends for so many years and I'd been waiting for so long just to tell her how much I loved her, and then, without warning, we're engaged? My mind was spinning with thoughts of what the rest of our lives would look like. One thing was for sure; being with Jamie would always be an adventure.

"Okay, but we can't tell our family about it. I still want to do the right thing and ask your father's permission."

"He gave you his blessing to pursue me, why wouldn't he bless this, too?"

"Because it's crazy and super quick," I said and laughed. 

Jamie laughed too. "True, but that doesn't mean it's not right? Think about it, Jason. Who else would they want to marry me? They love you like a son, they always have. Even in that time you were gone and we weren't in contact so much. They paid attention to what you were doing with your life."

That made me feel funny. "Really? That's kinda weird."

"Well, they didn't stalk you. They just would always talk to me about what you were doing, complain that you were dating that bitchy ex-wife of yours. They kept telling me that I was way better for you. But, at the time, I just didn't see us together. We both lived in different states and were making our own lives. You got married..."

"They didn't like her?"

"Did anybody?"

"Good point," I said. 

"Jason, they will be excited about this."

"Are you sure?"

"I can call my mom right now and find out."

"No! Let's just keep this between us for now. I kinda like the idea of us being the only ones who know."

Suddenly both of our phones rang at the same time and we looked at each other, wondering what the heck was going on. I even glanced around the room for hidden microphones or cameras.

We got up and fished our phones out of my jeans. I'd grabbed hers from the truck. Ironically, it was our mothers calling us.

"Hello?" we both said into our own phones.

Jamie walked in one direction, obviously still naked, and I watched that beautiful ass jiggle and sway as she walked.

My mom was laughing and I could hear Cynthia in the background talking to Jamie excitedly too.

"Sorry, Cynthia and I went out for a couple drinks and suddenly had this urge to race each other calling you two," Mom said. I could hear that she was a little tipsy. 

"That's funny," I said.

"What happened?" she asked, suddenly sounding a little more sober. Both she and Cynthia were dead silent and Jamie was turning towards me with a deer-in-the-headlights-look. 

She covered the microphone part of her phone and said, "She just asked what happened, practically in unison with your mom."

"Should we tell them?" I asked covering my phone as well.

"So much for keeping this a secret for long," she giggled.

I shrugged. "What the fuck?"

She shrugged too and we both turned away and told our moms the news. There was a slight pause and then they both started chattering nonstop. I couldn't even understand what my mom was saying, but she sounded happy. The smug look on Jamie's face told me Cynthia was happy too. We both told them not to say anything to Ted because I still wanted to ask for his permission first. 

"Uhhhhh," they both said and my stomach froze. The look on Jamie's face told me she was feeling the same thing. "He's here with us, so he already knows."

"Shit," I said.

"Jason!"

"Sorry, mom, I just didn't want it to get out this way. What's his reaction?" I asked.

"Well, he's smiling. So, either he's happy or he's plotting how to kill you."

I could hear him laugh in the background.

"He's happy, too, honey," Mom said.

"Good," I said with a sigh of relief. 

"So, when will you two be home?" Mom asked.

"Sometime tomorrow. We were tired, so we made an unplanned stop in Kingman."

"So, is this new development going to change living arrangements now?" she asked.

I hadn't considered that. "I'll have to talk to her about that."

"Okay, just let me know!"

I promised I would and then we hung up. Jamie hung up shortly after and then turned back towards me.

"So," I started. "Now that we're technically engaged, should we rethink the whole living together thing?"

We both reached the bed at the same time and started walking towards each other on our knees. My cock was beginning to stiffen again already. 

"Do you want me to live with you?" she asked.

"Do you want to live with me?" I asked in response.

"I asked first."

"I was asking."

Jamie smiled and then closed what little gap there was between us, bringing her mouth right up to mine, but stopped close of kissing me. My dick shot up immediately. 

"What does this tell ya?" she said and then finally kissed me. She also reached down and began stroking my cock. I moaned into her mouth as our tongues wrestled and she jerked me off. I reached for her pussy and began fingering her. Slowly at first, but I began to pick up the pace. With my other hand, I squeezed a handful of her ample breast. "Oh fuck," she said and then straddled me. Directing the tip of my cock into her pussy, she began to ride me almost violently. "Fuck yes!" she screamed.

I sat up and pulled her into me, mashing her tits against my chest as I kissed and licked her neck. Her arms wrapped around me, one around my head and the other around my back. I turned towards the edge of the bed and scooted to the edge until my feet hit the floor. I pulled my mouth off of her neck and then stood up, my cock still buried deep in her pussy. I grabbed onto her ass and her legs wrapped around my waste. She pushed herself up and down my cock, riding me hard. 

"Fuck me, Jason. Fuck me good," she whimpered into my ear. 

And fuck her I did. We didn't stay in that standing position long before I pinned her against the wall, her legs still wrapped against me. I thrust myself deep into her as hard as I could. She winced but begged for more. If this was what living together was going to be like, we were going to be a very loud but happy couple.

"Back to the bed," she said. 

I set her down and she ran for the bed, but stayed on all fours. 

"How wet is that cock?" she asked.

I looked down. "It could be wetter."

"Bring it here, baby," she said and I walked up to her. She turned and took my dick into her mouth, lubing me up nicely. When she was satisfied she turned her ass towards me. "Be slow at first, but stick that thing in my ass."

My mouth dropped. Was she serious?

"I'm serious, lover. Fuck my ass good."

I climbed onto the bed and she repositioned herself so I could get my dick into her ass. I got some more of her pussy juices on the tip and used my cock to lube up her ass hole. Then slowly, I began to push the tip into her ass. Her pussy was tight, but this was ridiculous! I wasn't sure if I'd be able to slide in and out!

"Easy, Jason, easy."

"I am," I whispered back.

A minute later, the tip was finally in her hot ass. By hot, I mean temperature. It was much warmer than being in her pussy. This was another fantasy of mine I never thought I'd ever get fulfilled. We worked together, slowly getting me deeper inside of her. Soon, the walls of her ass allowed me to move in and out. I won't lie, it wasn't as good as I thought it would be, but it still felt great. But, I think that was more because of who I was fucking, now how I was fucking her.

It didn't take long for my orgasm to start building due to the extra pressure her ass put on my dick, but she seemed closer to the edge as well. We'd been in this position a good couple of minutes at this point and had built up a good rhythm.

"I'm close," she said.

"Me too," I said.

"Cum in my ass, baby," she encouraged. 

Who was I deny the love of my life? We picked up our pace like we did when we were reaching our end. Soon that familiar sensation of climax gripped me and I was exploding my hot, sticky seed inside of her ass. I grunted as I ejaculated into her perfect ass and she screamed as her orgasm crashed and her juices dripped down her legs. We collapsed together in a heap. I slowly pulled out of her ass and held her close in a spooning position. Before we knew it, sleep overtook us.