 After some writer's block, I finally finished this chapter up! Jason and Jamie's journey is getting close to the end! I hope you've been enjoying the trip! 

*

The next morning I woke up before the girls did, needing to pee badly. I pulled myself away from the two gorgeous girls and crawled out of the bed. As soon as I was gone, they both moved closer together, still sleeping, and cuddled up for warmth. I smiled at the sight and then went into the bathroom to relieve myself. After I finished, I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered how a guy like me got to be so lucky.

Ever since that first night with Jamie, I felt like a different person. She had brought out a side of me I hadn't known was there. And not just because we were fucking like porn stars. No, I was more confident in myself. It was something I'd been working on on my own, but something about Jamie just made me feel like a new man. 

I checked myself out in the mirror. I still wasn't much to look at, in my own opinion, but Jamie was attracted to me and loved me. Although, I felt a tightness in my abs I hadn't noticed until then. I'd been more active than I had been for a while the past few days. I guess that much sex could be good for your health! My stomach felt a little less pudgy, my arms and chest were just starting to look a little more defined too. Not that I was suddenly becoming one of those ripped, muscle-man porn stars, but I definitely had more strength than I started the week out with. But, maybe it was just this new way I was seeing things. Just being around Jamie built me up, so because of how encouraging of a person she was naturally, I was seeing myself in a better way. 

"Could she be any more perfect?" I asked myself as I looked back in the mirror. I shook my head. "I don't think so."

I walked out of the bathroom to see Tracy frantically pulling on her clothes and Jamie walking towards me. 

"What's going on?" I asked, confused.

"Her dad called," Jamie said quietly. "She still lives at home."

"Tracy, are you okay?" I asked.

She looked back at me and gave me a nervous smile. "Yeah, Dad just doesn't like when I don't call if I'm not coming home."

"I'm sorry," I said. 

"No, don't be. It's my fault. I should have called him last night before I even came here. Of course, I was a little nervous and unsure if I was really going to do this."

"Are you going to get into trouble?" Jamie asked.

"No, I texted me friend, Jen, and she's covering for me."

She finished getting dressed and then walked up to both of us and kissed us.

"Thank you for last night. It was...great. I'm glad I came."

"So are we," Jamie said and kissed Tracy one more time, a little deeper.

Tracy's eyes were closed when Jamie pulled away. When she finally opened them, she blushed, feeling a little embarrassed. 

I laughed. "I feel the same way when she kisses me," I told her. 

She grinned. "If you're ever in this area again give me a call," she said and gave Jamie a piece of paper with her phone number on it.

"And if you're ever in California, give us a call," Jamie said. "I gave you my number already."

"I definitely will," she said and then headed for the door. "Have a safe rest of your trip," she said, pausing at the door with a sweet smile. Then she was gone.

Jamie turned towards me with a difficult expression to read. It was hard to describe because of the different emotions that seemed to flash through in just a second. 

"You okay, Jamie?" I asked, rubbing her shoulders lovingly.

She shrugged and then hugged me. She shook a little. Is she crying? I thought.

"Jamie, what's wrong?" I asked her.

"I don't know," she said sadly. 

With my hands still on her shoulders, I pulled us apart so I could look into her eyes.

"What is it? Tell me," I said softly.

I guided her to the bed and we sat down, facing each other. 

"Does this have to do with Tracy?" I asked.

She finally looked back at me and nodded a little.

"Okay, what is it?"

"I...it...you...God, I don't know what I'm trying to say."

A strand of hair fell across her left eye, so I pushed it back behind her ear and then caressed her face.

She took a deep breath. "Do you like her more than me?"

I looked at her like she was crazy. "Seriously?" I tested. I didn't want to insult her by laughing or insinuating that I really thought it was a crazy question to ask.

"Yes," she confirmed.

"Jamie," I said softly. "Why would you think that?"

She shrugged and looked away from me. I gently grabbed the tip of her narrow chin with my thumb and index finger and guided her eyes back to mine.

"I have been crazy in love with you for the better part of fourteen years. No one else has my heart but you."

"You promise?"

"Cross my heart," I said drawing an X over my chest.

"Even though she's a hot, eighteen year old girl who let you fuck her tits?"

I chuckled and then kissed her. "I only want you."

She fell into my arms, wrapping hers around me. I held her close, assuring her I'd never let her go. 

"I don't think we should do that again," she said.

"You mean another threesome?" I asked.

"Yeah. I mean, it was hot and everything, but I definitely got jealous at times and I don't like that feeling."

"I have no problem with that, whatsoever," I told her. "Like I said, you're the only one I want, and that's for as long as we live."

She pulled back from my embrace and smiled at me with a tear stained face. I wiped away any tear that remained on her face and then kissed her deeply. She met my kiss passionately, but she pulled away as she began crying again.

"Baby, why are you crying?" I asked her.

"I don't know," she said and laughed as she continued to cry.

"I think I know what we can do," I said and gently laid her onto her back. I laid next to her and began kissing her deeply again. Her hand found the back of my head and she began to run her fingers through my hair as she returned the kiss. I ran my hand up her body from her thigh to her breasts and stopped there. I massaged her right breast and she moaned into our kiss. She reached for my hardening cock and began stroking it. Her legs spread and, as if we were in one mind, she guided me and I positioned myself over her. I lowered myself slowly as she slowly stroked my pole. When the tip of my dick could feel the warmth of her pussy, she stopped stroking and placed the tip right at her entrance. 

We never even opened our eyes as I began to slide into her depths. Soon, every inch of my cock was buried inside her to the hilt. Her legs wrapped around my waist and our arms snaked around our bodies, locking us into a tight embrace. I slowly pumped my shaft with small movements as she met each small thrust with equal bucks of her hips. I broke our kiss and began kissing and licking her neck, ear, collar bone...anywhere I could get my mouth while locked in this position. 

It was another loving moment when we felt like we couldn't get close enough. But, as time would have it, our passion grew stronger and our orgasms began to grow. I held mine back as much as I could. Wanting to please her, I broke our embrace and kissed and licked my way down her body until I came to her beautiful pussy. I didn't waste any time and just dove right in. Her hands clamped down on the back of my head, pressing my face deeper into her. My tongue went to work, probing and licking until I found her G-spot and focused all my attention there. 

Jamie's heavy breathing became moans which soon turned into screams of ecstasy. Her hips bucked into my face, fucking my tongue as I attacked her vagina. No intelligible words were screamed, just her beautiful voice screaming out. Her juices soon flowed over my face and she collapsed onto the bed, unable to move. I licked up whatever of her nectar leaked out until she regained her breath again. 

When I looked up at her a couple minutes later, her eyes were full of both love and lust.

"Get back up here and stick that cock of 

yours in my pussy."

Who was I to argue? "Yes, ma'am," I said and crawled back up to her. I didn't need guidance this time. My cock was like a heat seeking missile and hit its target. I slammed my cock home and she planted her mouth on mine lustfully as I began pumping into her pussy. "Fuck me, Jason. Fuck me good."

Again, who was I to deny this beauty? I fucked her good and hard, pulling out almost all the way and then slamming back into her again. After a couple minutes she wanted a new position, so I pulled out of her and let her up. She got on her hands and knees, teasingly shaking her ass at me. I grinned and got on my knees behind her. Grabbing my shaft, I directed it into her love hole again and slid it home. I then grabbed her hips and pulled her back as I slammed mine forward. I tested the spanking again and she smiled back at me. It was exactly what she wanted, so every few seconds I would slap a cheek as I fucked her good and hard.

Soon she was beginning to scream again, but not as loud this time. I grunted as my orgasm began to rebuild. She seemed to be able to tell that I was getting close because it wasn't just me pulling her hips back anymore. She was moving herself back into me. 

"Cum inside me, baby," she said. "Fill me up with your cum!"

That sent me right over the edge and I doubled over, resting my chest on her back as I exploded into her hot pussy. Four big blasts of jizz coated her insides, not including the smaller releases as my orgasm ended. 

We fell over onto the bed together and I slid out of her. I kept my arms wrapped around her from behind, caressing her breasts and stomach with my right hand as we began to catch our breath again.

"You are amazing," she whispered and then kissed me on the cheek.

"Me? It was all you, baby."

She snuggled closer to me for a few minutes. We almost fell back asleep, but realized we needed to check out soon. We showered together quickly and then packed up whatever clothes were strewn about the room once we were dressed. When we were back on the road, Jamie sat in the middle of the bench seat, as close to me as she could get.

After a couple hours of driving, Jamie had something to tell me.

"When we stop in Flagstaff, I just need to take care of something and then I want to get back on the road. Do you think you can drive through the night and get us home?"

"Yeah, but what's in Flagstaff? Why don't you want to stay the night?" I asked.

She sat up a little straighter, pulling her head off of my shoulder.

"I never told you about someone."

"A boyfriend?" I asked, more curious than angry. How could I be angry with her? She was with me and we'd just had some of the most amazing sex in either of our lives last night and then again this morning.

"Kinda. You know that one guy I said I'd been with? The only one I've slept with before you?"

"Yeah?"

"Well, he thinks there's more between us than there is. And the thing is, I never let him believe there wasn't," she sounded apprehensive telling me about this. 

"Okay. Why's that?"

"Well, I always wondered if there may be something there with him one day. It was wrong of me, but I guess I didn't want to burn that bridge forever. But, we're together now, and he needs to know that there's no future with me."

"Poor guy," I said. 

"I know, I'm a bitch," she said and started to scoot over to the other side of the cab of the truck. 

I grabbed her wrist, not hard, but firmly. "What are you doing?" I asked calmly.

She looked at me confused. "Did you even listen to what I told you?"

"Of course I did. I listen to everything you say. I feel bad for the guy, not because you may or may not have strung him along a bit. I feel bad for him because he's losing you forever. I don't know how I'd handle that."

She scooted back towards me a little. "But what I did was wrong," she said.

I shrugged. "Maybe, but we're human, babe. We all make mistakes. Look at me; I was married to the devil. But, it's in my past and I've moved on. This isn't something either of you can't recover from."

She moved all the way back to being next to me again and I put my arm around her. 

"What if he gets upset?" she asked after she rested her head on my shoulder.

"I'm sure he will. But, I won't let him hurt you. Believe me, hurting you would be the last thing he ever does."

"My big strong hero," she playfully fawned over me, wrapping her arms around mine.

I laughed. "I don't know about strong, but I will always protect you."

"I know you will," she said, squeezing my arm. 

A few minutes later, I noticed Jamie breathing deeply. She was still cuddled up on my arm, fast asleep. I carefully slipped my arm from her grip and rested it on her shoulders. She stretched herself out, laying her head on my right leg. We were still a few hours from Flagstaff, but I was hoping it would be a short stop; food, bathroom, gas, breakup with non-boyfriend guy. 

I hoped it went that smoothly. I wasn't sure what I would do if her talk with this guy didn't go well. My mind automatically went to extremes, imagining him becoming violently angry and trying to hurt her. I really doubted anything like that would happen, though. At worst he'd probably get upset and call her a bitch. That would make me almost as angry, but I wouldn't have to beat the shit out of him if he did. 

When I looked at Jamie sleeping with her head in my lap, many thoughts and emotions ran through my head and my heart. I felt a sense of protectiveness over her; I was madly in love with her; I was also extremely happy. But the one that my mind kept reverting to was protectiveness. I kept imagining these scenarios where I had to keep rushing to rescue her from this guy; and each one more ridiculous than the last. Then a scenario popped in my head that defied the rest. I started to wonder what would happen if she decided not to end things with him and end it with me instead. Or what if she decided to fuck him one last time? Even in the scene in my head I didn't know what to do. I saw myself just standing there dumbfounded.

I shook my head and tried not to think any of those negative thoughts. I had to stay positive and confident in her love for me. It's all that truly mattered. 

When we got closer to Flagstaff, my stomach growled loudly. I was surprised it hadn't woken Jamie. I shook her shoulder gently and she pushed herself up into a sitting position. She squinted her eyes as she looked to see where we were.

"Welcome to Flagstaff," I told her. 

She looked over at me and smiled nervously. I reached over and grabbed her hand. She looked down at our hands and then back at me again. I smiled warmly at her and her nerves seemed to subside a little. She scooted back over to sit next me and I put my arm around her. 

"You okay?" I asked.

She shrugged. "Just nervous, I guess."

"I'm sure. But, you'll be fine. And remember, I'll be nearby if you need me."

"I know," she said and sighed as she hugged me tightly. "I'm glad you're here, Jason."

I kissed the top of her head. "I'm glad I'm here too."

"I'm not sure I would be doing this if you weren't."

"Well, would you really have any reason to if I wasn't here?"

"Good point," she said after a few seconds and laughed.

"Just be honest and straightforward with him. He'll appreciate your honesty. I don't know the guy, but if I were him, I'd rather hear the truth, even if it's because there is someone else you've started seeing."

"I know, and I will be."

"I also wouldn't let him think something could happen in the future. Because, he may hold onto that as hope that things could change one day."

She sighed. "Jason, you're acting like I've never broken up with someone before."

I shut my mouth, not knowing how to respond. I wasn't even sure why I had kept going on about it either.

Jamie sat up taller and kissed me on the cheek. 

"I know what I'm doing. I'm just nervous about it because I know I'll be breaking his heart. He's been holding onto hope of a relationship for a few years now. He's a great guy, but I've just never really been sure about him."

"And you're sure about us?" I asked.

She looked worried. "Are you?"

"No, no, no, I totally am! There's no one else I've wanted to be with more! No, Jamie, I am definitely sure about us."

She giggled and then kissed me on the cheek again. "You're cute when you get like that."

I laughed. "Get like what?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. Scared or whatever you wanna call it."

"Well, I just don't want you thinking I have any doubts about us. I love you and I always will."

She grabbed my face and kissed me deeply. A couple seconds later we felt the rivets on the side of the road vibrating through the wheels, roaring loudly in the cab. We broke the kiss and 

I pulled the truck back onto the lane. I saw a turn off in the road up ahead. My stomach rumbled with hunger, but my cock was also starting to grow just from that kiss. 

I looked at Jamie and nodded at the turn off and she nodded excitedly. I slowed the truck and pulled off the road and parked in the dirt turn off in the road. As soon as the truck was in park, Jamie pounced on me, planting her mouth on mine. Our tongues wrestled as we kissed like our lives depended on it. I pushed forward and she maneuvered her legs underneath her so she could lie back as I positioned myself on top of her, all without breaking our kiss. I had to admit, we were getting pretty good at working together.

She attacked my T-shirt, pulling it up towards my head. I broke our kiss and discarded my shirt and she did the same with her black tank top. I smiled again at the sight of her beautiful, milky-white breasts. Her chest heaved as she caught her breath after our intense making out. She smiled back at me seductively and I attacked. 

Our mouths locked together in another passionate kiss and our arms wrapped around each other, pulling each other as close as we possibly could. Her tits mashed into my chest.

I pulled my mouth off of hers and kissed the side of her face to her ear. I nibbled on her lobe and then licked and tickled her ear with my tongue. She giggled at the tickling but sighed as the touch of my tongue turned her on even more. I licked down to her neck and then under her chin to give some attention to her other ear.

"Oooh," she moaned when I repeated the same action on her right ear as I had with her left. 

"God, that feels good, Jason."

"Mm," I grunted as I continued licking her ear. I savored the salt of her skin as I moved down her neck to her collarbone. 

"Jason, enough," she said and I looked into her eyes. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard and fast before we get caught," she said and laughed.

"You don't gotta tell me twice," I said and began working on unbuttoning my jeans while she wiggled out of her tiny denim shorts. She wore no panties, just like she hadn't been wearing a bra. I suspected she had been planning this all along. 

Once my pants were down around my ankles and her perfect legs were spread, I repositioned myself over her and lowered myself down. My cock didn't need any guidance as it connected with her love hole. It was like magnets being drawn into each other.

I slid in easily. We'd had enough sex recently that it wasn't as tight on first entry anymore. But that's not to say she didn't feel amazing, still. Once I was in, she seemed to squeeze my shaft wither her pussy muscles, milking me for all I was worth. As soon as I bottomed out, we began to find a rhythm, fucking in perfect time with each other. I quickly picked up the pace and she locked her arms around my neck while also locking her legs around my waste. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Fuck me, fuck me fuuuck meeee! Harder, harder, HARDER!!!" She began to scream as 

I slammed into her with everything I had, as quickly as I could. She must have been hornier than I thought because it wasn't long before her orgasm began to build. I could tell it was coming because of how she began to pull her hips into mine with her legs wrapped around my waste. Her heals dug into my lower back with each thrust she made. I would also thrust down into her as she lifted herself up off the seat. 
