 I hope there are more nights like this one, but a perfect date is a creature of luck, circumstance, mood, and moment -- not planning. The twists and turns of our night were like an alignment of the planets: spectacular when it happens, but don't count on it every time. I am sure that my lover and I will have many more wonderful dates, but this night will always be special. Very, very special.

-----------------

I'd been sitting in the lounge for about 20 minutes and had already polished off my first cocktail. The bar at Seattle's W Hotel was a great place for people watching, but I was waiting for something more special than eye candy. It was my lover's idea to kick me out of the room upstairs while she prepped for our first dinner date and I obliged, though I would have loved to have watched her dress. I ordered a second drink and glanced around at the groups and couples huddled in conversation. 

There's something about the W that just exudes sex. The lighting, the mood, the people. It's all about fucking and making no apologies for it. I sat facing the lobby at the far end of the lounge, giving me a full view of everyone coming and everyone already here. To my right two delicious young women knocked back their second round and began scanning the length of the neon lit bar. To my left a woman wearing her little black dress inched closer to her boyfriend on the oversized couch as his hand began to run up her leg. Ahead of me a man standing at the bar moved from rubbing his lady's back to slipping his hand a few inches lower and enjoying the softness of her ass through her long slit evening dress. There was a healthy tension in the air, but then she arrived, and the temperature was immediately hotter.

She walked with that amazing confidence. A perfect balance of seduction and class, of arrogance and humility. Her legs moved through the folds of the silky black dress revealing every curve of her thigh. Her arms swayed a little but her shoulders barely moved. Her breasts perfected her already flawless figure, too small to distract, but too large and youthful to be ignored. Her head was tilted slightly and she looked down as much as ahead. Her soft red hair fell upon her shoulders and shone brightly in the dancing blue light of the bar.

To put it mildly, she blew the competition away. The heads turned, and as is always the case, the women dissected her with their eyes even more than the men, who were now shifting slightly in their chairs. But her eyes didn't stray, for as she walked the length of the lounge she looked in only two places: down at her path through the crowded bar and up into my eyes. I couldn't help thinking it would never get any better than this.

As she neared our table I rose from my chair and held out my hands. She took them in hers and leaned toward me. I hesitated and just looked at her for a moment, unapologetically staring from toe to head, searing the image into my mind of the most desirable woman a man could ever want. She smiled and all I could muster was "you look absolutely beautiful." Women are the more intuitive of our species. They often know things before they are said. And this night she knew not only what I was feeling -- it wasn't rocket science to read the look in my eyes -- but she knew what was happening at the tables around us. People were wondering who she was, who I was, and what I had done to deserve a night like this.

She kissed me so softly it felt like two feathers passing in the wind. But she lingered on that kiss and a message was delivered with no words: tonight is our night and it's going to be one we will not soon forget. Don't rush it and your patience will be rewarded.

She sat down beside me and some normalcy began to return to the bar. I ordered a drink for my lover and we settled into the soft chairs. We were sitting so close our legs were pressed together and my arm swung around to touch the perfect soft flesh of her most feminine shoulder. I looked into her eyes as we spoke, and when she leaned forward to take her glass from the table, my gaze drifted downward, settling upon the most perfect breasts conceived by nature. If life came with a remote control, I would be hard pressed to decide whether to hit the pause button or the fast-forward button, to live forever in this moment of bliss, or jump ahead to the unknown pleasures which lay ahead. There was a lot of evening ahead, and my cock was already rock hard.

It had been some time since we had been together and the sexual anticipation was boiling through every moment. My free hand was soon drifting up and down the miniscule layer of black seduction that lay above her silky thigh. As the drinks were finished it was time to begin the second chapter of this fairy tale night. She had picked the restaurant, a five-star gem with amazing food, attentive service, and gorgeous views of the glittering lights of Seattle on this cloudless night. But I knew a taxi cab simply wouldn't do for an evening like this, and so the stretch limo I had secretly arranged was waiting at the curb as we exited the W.

Her look was predictable. She had long ago given up trying to stop my occasional excesses in the spirit of romance. And deep inside she really loved it. She loved being treated with the respect and admiration she so richly deserved. She smiled with love and appreciation at this unexpected treat. Our driver opened the door and into the limo we slid. After the door closed and we admired the well appointed interior, I asked "how do you like the ride?" She turned to me and said "if you really want to know, it makes me want to fuck you right now!" I smiled blissfully.

We were less than a mile away before our driver heard the electric hum of the privacy shield sliding up over his right shoulder. Once secure, we turned to each other and locked together in a kiss of passion. It was an almost frantic moment of lust and desire. Our tongues not quite long enough, our lips not quite wet enough, our bodies not quite close enough. An explosion of impulses threaded into our very DNA seizing our bodies and making short work of our defenses. Every second pushing us closer to the climax of pleasure that we both knew would have to wait.

I dropped to the floor, kneeling on the plush black carpet and sliding my body between her legs. Her body was shielded by the thin black dress, her heavenly flesh protected and guarded by its stitches. The smooth black leather of the seat seemed to confer a power to her, a status of untouchability. Her red hair illuminated by the last rays of sunshine glinting across the waters of Puget Sound, she was temptation defined.

She looked back at me as the stores and cars and people and scenes of every day life glided past our windows. She probably couldn't see the driver of the car next to us, stopped at the red light, as my head lowered to kiss the top of her breast. She gave no thought as to who might be watching as an expression of desire seized her lips. She cared not of the world outside the limo, as her eyes began to squint slightly and her teeth bit into her tongue, as my hands began to slide beneath her dress and probe her thighs. My hands found their way around to her incredible ass and pulled her forward on the seat. She leaned back and began taking quick breaths, more visible now as her reclined body thrust her breasts even more prominently to view. I leaned toward her until my hard cock, straining against the fabric of my suit pants, found comfort in the pressure of her pubic bone. 

Ever so slowly I raised and lowered my cock against the perfect form of her feminine shape. My chest rubbing across her breasts as my cock teased her clit with each pass. Applying slightly more pressure I was rewarded her gasps of "yes" and her soft guttural moans with ever more contact. Our kisses were long and deep, our bodies both despising and ignoring the layers of clothing between us. And when at last her body shuddered, and the passion of her sex escaped her lips with a loud moan, I retreated and subsided.

As a kid I remember traveling almost five hours to view my first major league baseball game only to see the whole game rained out. I learned that true disappointment can be devastating. Such was the feeling enveloping my cock, as the limo banked smoothly into the long circular drive of the restaurant. The fulfillment of my pleasure would have to wait. But time was on my side and in love like life, what comes around goes around.

The Canlis restaurant is a Seattle tradition. Mixed in amongst the blue haired wealthy seniors are young professionals and wine connoisseurs picking from over 15,000 bottles. The mood is elegant and expensive, the food delicious, and the service unimpeachable. After a short wait in the piano bar, we were seated at a table with a couch on one side and a chair on the other. The flicker of candle light across the white table cloths completed the romantic view. The neighboring tables shared the couch and I caught the guys on either side enjoying a full view of my beautiful dates sliding her body around the table. "Enjoy the view boys," I smiled to myself. If only they knew what they were missing.

Dinner was an exercise in patience and self control. All through the meal she looked at me and she often smiled the cutest most adorable smile a man could ever see. We talked so easily about careers, politics, life, love, and sex. And frequently when the subject of sex came up we held hands while driving ourselves crazy talking about fantasies, feelings, favorite experiences, and desires. The cocktails and wine were definitely taking their toll. There were moments where I sensed an awkward silence at the neighboring tables and I couldn't help wondering if our conversation was being eavesdropped. If it was, I can only imagine how horny our neighbors must now be feeling. At one point I went to bathroom and returned to find my lover smirking as she quickly recounted how the handsome young waiter had flirted with her during my absence. I laughed to myself and marveled and how great this night was going.

When the check arrived I tipped well and called our driver on my cell. The limo was waiting as we stepped, well, staggered from the restaurant. I explained to our driver that it was unlikely I would remember to tip him when we got back to the hotel so I wanted to take care of it now. He appreciated my thoughtfulness as I handed him a hundred dollar bill and told him to take us "on the scenic tour." He smiled and said he knew just what I wanted.

Once inside the limo, the privacy shield in place, our passion was again unleashed. But it was more powerful and more energetic than I ever thought possible. Hands were roaming and squeezing and probing and stroking. Kisses were rougher and driven by inner passions unrestrained by logic or rules. I paused only long enough to remove my coat and loosen my tie. But while I glanced over and caught a wickedly sexy look coming from my lover. She smiled as her hands moved quickly under her dress and peeled down a sexy black thong, soaked with her juices. She handed it to me and said "want to hold that for me?" with a cute wink. I let the aroma of her juices fill me with its intoxicating effect, then stuffed the thong into my jacket pocket and returned to our passionate affection.

Under the folds of her sexy dress lay her bare ass and pussy, waiting for the satisfaction of my hard cock conquering her with long, filling strokes of pleasure. As we continued to kiss, my hands found her hard nipples and pinched them lightly through her dress. She began to squirm with anticipation. My hand moved so slowly up her inner thigh. I have always loved the soft, sexy feeling of her inner thigh. My lips longed to be there in place of my hand. When at last my hand reached the top of the journey, she quivered at the first soft touch of my finger to her clit. I moved my finger lower, over the opening to her pussy and with the lightest strokes I could manage, began shifting the lips left and right, parting the petals of her flower, moving slowly deeper into her heaven.

Her lips parted easily in the wetness and warmth of her arousal. But I was surprised when at the last parting, leaving no flesh between my finger and her pussy, there was gush of juices onto my hand. I quickly spread this wonderful potion up the length of her lips and swirled it around her hard, straight clit. I gathered as much of it as I could and brought my finger to up to our kiss. Inserting my fingers into our kiss so we could both lick and suck and taste her sexy wetness, the passion of our moment was reaching a point of uncontrollability. 

My hand returned to the paradise between her legs and I chose to torture her clit with soft circles of wet touches. Her hips gyrated as she pressed her ass into the leather seat trying to reach her clit upward, striving for the satisfying pressure of my finger's hard touch. Finally I relented and began slow hard strokes the full length of her pussy, from the curl of red hair above her clit, flicking across the surface of her swollen button, down the wet parted lips, slightly in and up nearing dangerously close to her G spot, and down again to the soft flesh below her opening. Repeating this journey over and over, up and down, touching every millimeter of sensitive flesh. Her kissing was frantic, as though she could force her orgasm if she only kissed me hard enough. Her hand was desperately stroking my cock through my pants and the wetness of my precum was finding its way to through my suit. When at last she was near orgasm, I focused only on her clit moving in steady, strong circles with a constant flick of her clit on each upward pass. The end came quickly as she suddenly stopped breathing, froze as if electricity had suddenly replaced the blood in her veins, and then erupted in moans of pulsing pleasure.

I thought about pressing on, seeing if I could take things up another notch. But I became aware of the limo stopping, the engine being turned off, and the driver's door opening. I quickly straightened myself as my lover pulled her now wet dress down past her naked pussy. My door opened and the driver announced that there was "a special view" that I might appreciate. We stumbled out of the car to find ourselves at a park high above the city, with the famous space needle backed by a million city lights all twinkling before us. It was breathtaking. We stood alone for a few minutes against the railing at the edge of the park. My arms wrapped around my lover who stood with her back to me, my hard cock felt strongly on her ass, as we took in the view and I hugged her and kissed that little spot behind her ear. It didn't take long for our desire of scenery of a different sort to assert itself. We headed back to the limo and I politely asked our driver to drive us around nonstop for thirty minutes and then drop of us back at the W.

The long black limo pulled quickly away from the curb and we returned to our pleasure with full knowledge that nothing could disturb us now. My lover had a playful look in her eye and at the risk of subjecting my cock to prolonged torture, I decided to play the game too to see what would happen. I turned on the stereo to give us some background music. All of the interior mood lights were off, but no light was needed as the city's glow filtered through smoked windows. Without warning, I slid off the seat and made my way to a seat at the far end of the limo. My back to the driver's compartment, I sat down and faced my lover. The passing street lights danced across her silky body. The crystal glasses stacked atop of the mobile bar sparkled to my left. I didn't know why I had moved here, but whatever subconscious agenda I had was soon fulfilled and surpassed.

As the seats vibrated with dull rumble of tires over the roadway, my lover stared into my eyes and the smile slowly faded from her face. She took on a new look. A hungry and seductive look. A cruder man would say she missed my body and was giving me the "fuck me" expression. But there was something deeper here. A need to please me and to seduce me to a new level of anticipation. A need to show me what I wanted and make me beg to have it. Without warning she straightened her body toward mine and her hands began to touch her body. She made slow circles around her nipples with her finger tips, lightly pinching at them and rubbing her unbelievably perky breasts. Her ass again slid forward on the seat and one hand began to drift down her tiny waist toward her pussy. This was not a mere show, this was the real thing. She wanted to please herself, but she wanted to please herself for me.

After a few moments, she looked straight into me eyes while she slowly and seductively slid her dress all the way up to her hips, revealing her gorgeous pussy to me in all its splendor. The wetness was visible in the glint of those passing streetlights. She brought her feet together and lifted them to one side up on the black leather seat while she rested on the center armrest. At this angle, it was as if she were a cat, lounging on the couch -- only here the real pussy was framed by the whiteness of her amazing legs. If I had that remote control of life, I would definitely now be pressing the Pause button. My desire to whip out my aching cock and plunge it into this mysterious woman of unknown temptations was almost unlimited.

She continued to fondle herself, touching her clit and nipples, licking her lips, and almost always looking straight into my eyes. As guys go, I've got the whole self control thing down pat. But even I, Mr. Self Control, was about to go totally crazy on this woman. When she came, and her body sighed with the feeling of self-inflicted orgasm, she caught the change in my expression. As my hands had begun to unzip my pants, she let out a warning: "not yet." There was only one thing that enabled me to heed that warning, and that was the knowledge that whenever I complied with her, my loyalty was repaid tenfold. But I had to do something. Sitting idly by just ten feet away from this icon of sexual perfection was just not in my basic genetic programming.

I slid down from the seat, crawled across the limo toward her, and kissed her again with passion and longing. Pretending I had some measure of control in this process I whispered a warning of my own as I nibbled on her ear lobe. "Don't close your eyes," I told her confidently, "and don't stop looking out the window. I need you to be a passenger in a car. Make eye contact when you can. Look out at the world and pretend I'm not here." She agreed without much conviction and I slid my body to the floor again.

Invisible to the increasing traffic as we headed back toward downtown, my head moved between her legs. She parted them as easily as I touched them. And while one hand wandered over her breasts, flicking across her now rock hard nipples, the other rubbed the soft flesh of her inner thigh as I kissed my way from her knee northward. The scent of her juices was overpowering and intoxicating. My tongue wanted to just plunge into her opening and savor each drop. Her pussy came toward me almost as fast as I moved toward it. I started by ignoring her pussy and just licking up and down to the sides where that soft flesh connects her pussy to her leg. My tongue flicked hard across the muscle just beneath her flesh. I nibbled and sucked on that muscle as if it were her clit itself, and her moans and twitching revealed both pleasure and frustration. As I moved from side to side I allowed my tongue to ever so lightly swipe the top of her clit, the result of which was like a shock to her system, which was already overloaded with sensitivity.

I glanced up to see if there was any hope that she was making eye contact with the outside world, but my hopes were dashed. Her eyes were closed and her head lay back across the back of the seat. Any passerby could only assume she was asleep, our more likely, having her clit explored by a probing, hungry tongue. When my tongue turned directly upon her pussy, the results were immediate. Her first orgasm came after just a few circles and tongue flicks. As my tongue made long strokes up and down her pussy, my free hand, moved slowly toward her opening, my palm face up and a finger extended. 
