 I woke up to the feeling of someone standing over me as I slept that afternoon. My eyes blinked open and the blurred sight of Jamie came into view. I reached for my glasses and slid them onto my face and when I looked back at Jamie, I'd never seen an angrier expression before. My stomach twisted into knots as I tried to think of what I could have done to upset her. I'd fucked Tracy a few times that afternoon, but Jamie had given me permission.

"Hey, babe, what's up? You're home early," I said groggily. 

"What's up?" she hissed and then looked past me at the naked form of Tracy. 

I looked at her confused but didn't know what to say. 

"What the fuck happened here?" she demanded.

I looked at Tracy and then back up at Jamie. Tracy suddenly jerked awake and then backed into the corner in fear. 

"That's right, you bitch! You better cower!" Jamie screamed at her.

"Jamie, what's going on?" I asked.

"That's what I'd like to know!" she screamed at me. "Have you two been fucking all fucking day?"

"Baby, you set this up," I said as gently as I could. I didn't want to make things worse, but I couldn't let her accuse me of cheating when she was the one who told Tracy to cheer me up this way. 

"What are you talking about? I told you that that night with her was a one-time thing. It was just you and me from now on!" she was in tears now as she screamed at me. 

"Jamie, you texted me saying, 'Surprise' when I asked you why Tracy was naked on our couch," I told her. 

"I didn't get any texts from you all day!"

"Sweetie, look at your phone," I suggested.

"Why? I know I haven't gotten a text from you at all today. The last time we talked was when you found out you lost your job, and that was a phone call, not a text," she argued.

"Okay, and you told me you had a surprise for me when I got home," I reminded her.

"No, I said I would surprise you when I got home!"

It was possible I misheard her. "Okay, it's very possible I misheard you, and I'm very sorry, but I swear I got a text from you that said surprise," I said, sticking to my story, which was the truth. But, Jamie wasn't one to snap for no reason; she'd always been very sweet and extremely levelheaded for as long as I've known her.

"Just, look in your phone, please, baby, I beg you," I pleaded as I searched my room for my phone. I snatched up my shorts and pulled out my own phone and found her text from earlier. 

"I don't have a text from you and I never texted you," she said, her voice finally calmer than it was before, although she was fully in tears now. I got up, pulling my shorts on and showed her my phone. "I-I didn't send that," she said, her voice cracking as she spoke.

"Then who did?" I asked curiously. I looked back at Tracy and saw she was just as lost as we were.

"Jamie," she started.

"Shut the fuck up, bitch!" Jamie screamed at her. "In fact, put your clothes on, grab your shit and get the fuck out of here!" 

Tracy moved quickly, gathering up her clothes and pulling them on as fast as she could. She went into Jeff's room to pack her things...

"Jeff," I said suddenly.

"Jeff?" Jamie questioned. "What about him?"

"I haven't seen him all day and today is his day off. He's usually playing Halo or Call of Duty or some shit like that," I said, starting to get angry.

"So?"

"He doesn't have a life, Jamie, and he's had the biggest crush on you since he met you," I elaborated slightly.

"Are you thinking he did this?" she asked as if it were completely ridiculous, and I had to admit, it was a farfetched idea, like something out of a poorly written sitcom. 

"I want to check something," I said and hit the touch screen where Jamie's name was at the top. It went to her contact info in my phone and showed me the number. It was a California area code, and Jamie still had her number from Tennessee. "Look," I showed her.

"That's not my number," she said quietly. "Call it," she demanded and I hit send immediately. 

"Hello?" Jeff's voice sounded on the other end. "Fuck," he said as soon as he realized it was me.

"You fucking son of a bitch," I said.

Jeff hung up immediately.

"Was it him?" Jamie asked and I nodded. 

"Are you serious? Why would he do this? Especially after we set him up with Tracy!" she said, her voice growing louder with each thought she voiced.

"Like I said, he has a big crush on you," I said and stormed out of the room and through the living room to the front door. When I opened it, I saw Jeff disappear around the corner, looking over his shoulder at the sound of the door opening. If I'd had shoes on, or if he hadn't had such a big head start, I would have chased him down. I turned back and saw Tracy carrying her bag out of Jeff's room, Jamie was right behind her. I knew she wasn't going to stop her, and I didn't blame her.

"Look, I'm really sorry this happened," Tracy said before Jamie could stop her. "I honestly thought you had set this up," she told Jamie. "If I'd have known it was Jeff, I never would have waited out here for Jason naked and done any of what we did today."

Jamie glared at her but didn't argue. She knew it was true, but she still couldn't get over the fact that Tracy had thrown herself at me, whether she thought she had permission to or not. 

"I believe you two, but what happened still happened," Jamie said, fidgeting with her engagement ring. I feared her pulling it off and giving it back to me, but she didn't in that moment; she left it where it was, which gave me hope that we could get past this. 

"I know I haven't known you guys very long, but I care about you and love you guys. You're the closest thing I've got to family right now. But, if I have to leave, I will. I don't want to come between you at all," she said and started to move towards the door.

I looked at Jamie with pleading eyes and she sighed. "Tracy, you have three days to find a new place to live. Jason, Jeff has three hours; just long enough for Tracy to pack his shit and throw it out on the lawn."

Tracy looked at me and then turned towards Jamie. "Are you sure? I don't want to make things worse."

"I really don't see how they can get any worse, Tracy. Although you were conned into it, you still fucked my fiancé. It will take me some time, but I will one day forgive you. As far as friendship goes, I don't know what's in the cards," Jamie said, speaking frankly. "Jason, get your ass in the bedroom, now," she demanded.

I gave Tracy one last look as I passed by her and then followed Jamie into our room. When I entered, she shut the door behind her. I'd never seen an angrier look on her face before. If she'd had a weapon, I'd probably be dead.

What she did next still surprises the shit out of me. When she turned away from the door, after locking it, she slowly unbuttoned her white blouse. I looked at her completely caught off guard and a little frightened. She untucked it from her black, knee-length skirt. Her bright red lips were pressed tightly together, forming an angry O shape. Her once loving brown eyes, burned angrily into mine. I wasn't sure whether or not I should be scared or turned on. Strangely, I was very much of both. 

"So, you think you can just fuck any girl you want?" she asked and I hastily shook my head side to side. 

"I would never do that to you, not intentionally or behind your back. I swear-"

"Shut your mouth. You will only speak when spoken to. Do you understand?" she asked me.

"Yes, Ma'am," I said in return.

"Very good," she said, closing the distance between us. I could smell her minty breath; she'd just finished a couple breath mints recently. Wintergreen was her favorite mint flavor.

Her blouse now fully unbuttoned, she let it fall to the floor. I couldn't tear my eyes away from the white, lacey bra that contained her wonderful tits I so longed to kiss, suck and massage. But, I knew not to do anything until I was commanded to. This was my punishment. I would have to make up for everything I did to Tracy that afternoon. 

"Did you make her scream?" she asked.

I hesitated and then nodded. "Yes, Ma'am," I answered honestly.

"Then, you will make me scream while she listens in the next room."

She was punishing us both at the same time. 

"Which reminds me," she said and then disappeared into the closet, returning with four of my ties. "Stay here," she commanded, pointing to the bed where I sat down to wait patiently.

A few seconds later I heard muffled voices coming from Jeff's room. I couldn't make out what was being said, but I could tell that Tracy started off with pleading for forgiveness, but Jamie didn't say much. Whatever happened, Tracy didn't argue and Jamie returned without the ties she'd taken from my closet.

"Now she won't be able to leave if the sounds she hears make her uncomfortable," Jamie said, glaring at me. She didn't shut the door before returning to the bed. "Where were we?" she asked. "Oh, yes, you were going to prove your love and loyalty to me by making me scream more than Tracy did this afternoon."

I nodded my understanding. I didn't know what she had in mind, but I wanted to prove myself to her whether this experience would be enjoyable for me or not.

"Who was in control between you two?" she asked.

"At first her, but I took control later," I answered.

Jamie nodded. "You will have no control this time. You will do exactly as I say when I say it. You will not cum until commanded; you will not fuck me until commanded; you will not make a sound unless commanded. Do you understand?"

I nodded and her glare became even sterner. "Yes, Ma'am," I said quickly.

"Very good," she said. "Now, your first task will be to kiss me to prove your love."

I nodded and began to stand but stopped myself since she hadn't commanded it.

A smile spread across her face. "You may stand now," she said and I obeyed. I stood and stared into her eyes; I could still see love behind the anger. She hadn't given up on me completely. I still had a chance to win her back. I reached up to run my fingers through her hair, but hesitated; she hadn't commanded me to touch her other than to kiss her. She nodded at me, knowing what I'd planned to do. I smiled my thanks to her and followed through with my original action. 

Her dark brown hair was so soft as my fingers passed through the thick locks. Her eyes closed at my touch and I knew I was already winning her heart back over to mine. She snapped them open again, willing herself to stay in control of the situation. But, she didn't realize that I wouldn't take command unless I knew for sure she was conceding it. 

Cupping her face with one hand, I reached up with the other and repeated the motion until her face was held in both my hands. I looked into her eyes again and saw her push away a desperate look and replace it with her angry one again. I wondered if she'd be able to keep up the wrathful act the entire time. I would do my best to continue acting in her command, though. Even though I'd been coerced into it, my actions were deserving of punishment from her. 

I gently pulled her face into mine and kissed her softly on the lips. With the second kiss, I parted her lips with my tongue and she welcomed the advance. Her tongue met mine, tentatively at first but she quickly gave in and pressed her tongue against mine. I felt her arms move, so, simultaneously, I dropped my hands to her waist and her arms wrapped around the back of my neck. She pulled me in for a tighter kiss, her tongue now wrestling passionately with mine, both of us breathing heavily through our noses, blowing hot air on each other's cheeks as our heads twisted back and forth. 

Jamie suddenly melted into my arms, unable to keep up the anger act anymore. I knew she didn't have it in her to continue, but I didn't feel like I'd won any battle over her. I slowly pulled my face away from hers and looked inquisitively at her face. Her eyes were closed and tears seeped through her lids. I cupped her face again and wiped away her tears with my thumbs.

"Jamie," I said softly.

Her eyes blinked open slowly. Once her eyes made contact with mine, she burst into a heavy sob, falling into my chest. I held her tight, wishing I could erase the afternoon that I had been tricked into having. Suddenly anger burned in my chest as I thought about the one behind it, but it was quickly replaced by hatred for myself for having slept with Tracy when I knew deep down that Jamie didn't want that anymore. It was supposed to remain a one-time thing with her, and I'd been tricked into fucking that girl again; only to fuck Jamie's heart in the end.

"I am so, so sorry, Jamie. I never should have slept with Tracy this afternoon, even if you had been the one to text me. I was an idiot; I don't deserve you. I would totally understand if you ended things with me," I told her.

"Don't think that the thought hasn't crossed my mind since I came home," she said, but she didn't sound angry. "But, your kiss proved all I needed to know. Just please tell me you didn't kiss Tracy that way."

"Jamie, I have never kissed anyone that way before. Not even my ex-wife," I promised her.

I grabbed her blouse and slipped it over her shoulders and then sat her down on the bed.

"Maybe I should untie Tracy," she suggested. 

I chuckled. "Yeah, that might be a good idea. It wasn't her fault either. Jeff fucked with both of us," I said. 

"What are we going to do about him?" Jamie asked, some of that anger returning.

"I'll deal with him, don't worry about that," I vowed. "I just wish this afternoon had never happened."

"You and me both. I'm pretty sure Tracy agrees, too," Jamie said, looking at the door.

"I do!" we heard her call from the other room.

"You left both doors open?" I asked, laughing at the same time.

"I'm evil, aren't I?" Jamie asked, standing up. 

"No, you were just angry and rightfully so," I defended her against herself. "I have to admit, the way you were taking control like that was a bit of a turn-on," I told her.

"Oh really?" she asked, looking over her shoulder flirtatiously.

I felt my cock twitch at the look she gave. She disappeared into the short hallway to untie Tracy and I sat against the headboard of the bed, trying to figure out how Jeff did this and how the hell I hadn't noticed that it was the wrong Jamie that had texted me back. I fished out my phone again and pulled up the conversation between me and Jamie. I'd sent the text to her phone, but it wasn't in her phone anymore. It'd gotten erased. I looked at the list of texting conversations on my phone and saw two conversations with Jamie. I pulled up the other one and the message of "Surprise!" followed an old conversation I'd had with Jeff. How stupid was I? I obviously wasn't thinking clearly since there was a hot eighteen year old girl completely naked on my couch. In fact, when I went to the list of conversations on my phone, the message of "Surprise!" was still in green text, rather than the gray text that told me the message had been read. 

Jamie walked back in and Tracy walked by. I heard the front door open and close as Jamie walked back into our room. 

"Where's Tracy going?" I asked.

"To get something to eat," she said. "She'll be waiting until we text her to come back," she said seductively, which almost made me forget about what I'd just discovered.

"What is it?" she asked, noticing the conflicted look on my face.

"I think I figured out how Jeff did it," I told her.

"Really?" she asked curiously, crawling over my legs to sit next to me on the bed. Her blouse was still wide open, exposing her bra-clad breasts.

"Yeah. He must have followed you to work because look," I said, showing her where I'd texted her about Tracy. "I must have texted you when you were in with a client."

"Our secretary had stepped out for a few minutes right then," Jamie said, confirming that it was possible Jeff wouldn't have been stopped by anyone.

"He deleted the message from your phone and replied to it from his own. I never opened it until now. When I get a new message, it pops up at the top of my phone. Since I was distracted by Tracy being completely naked on the couch, I didn't open it fully. That was my fuck up. If I'd opened the message I would have seen that it was following an old texting conversation I'd had with Jeff months ago," I explained.

"I think you're giving Jeff way too much credit for this," Jamie said, shaking her head.

I shook mine as well. "No, he's crazy about you. And if I was in his place, I would have tried to think of a plan to get you to break up with me, too. I just am too much of a pussy to follow through with it. Jeff's not," I argued.

"So, then how did he get to your phone to change his contact info to say that it was me texting instead of him?" she asked.

"He must have snuck in here while we were sleeping. It's the only way," I said.

Jamie shook her head in disbelief. "This just seems to unreal. Like it was one of those teen movies or Law and Order or something."

"Law and Order?" I questioned with a chuckle.

"What? People do some weird things on that show," she defended her comment.

I laughed again. "True."

Her head fell on my shoulder and I rested mine on hers, setting my phone down on the nightstand.

"I'm really sorry, Jamie. I never wanted to hurt you," I told her.

"I know," she said, lightly dragging her nails over my torso. The feeling made my cock tingle, longing to make love to Jamie again. "You know, I sent Tracy away for a reason, right?"

"Right, Tracy's gone now. I guess you're done punishing us, then?" I asked.

Jamie looked up at me and nodded. "After that kiss, I couldn't go through with it anymore. But," she said, sitting up to face me, "I won't complain if you still make me scream more than you made Tracy scream."

"My pleasure," I said and put my glasses next to my phone. When I returned, Jamie's face was planted on mine, kissing me desperately. I rolled over on top of her, pinning her to the bed. Her legs would have spread more if her skirt hadn't been so long.

"Fuck this," I said, pulling away from her lips and rising up on my knees. I reached and tugged at the top of her skirt, but it was so tight, I couldn't move it.

She grinned and then rolled over, pulling her leg towards her to do so. I saw the small zipper at the top of her waistline and pulled it down slowly so I didn't break it. From there I was able to remove her long, black skirt to reveal the white thong she wore that matched her bra perfectly. Before she could roll back onto her back, though, I dove in and began kissing her ass cheeks, pulling aside the thin fabric to reach her anus. Surprisingly, I enjoyed the taste of her ass on my tongue as I began to give her a rim job for the first time. She squirmed at the sensation, bucking her ass into my face. 

"Oh, god that feels good," she whined as I dug my tongue deeper into her ass.

I squeezed her ass cheeks as I ate her out. I pulled out of her ass and then licked her now sopping pussy from behind. I felt her cunt tighten around my tongue as I probed inside with it. I began to interval between her pussy and ass with my tongue until I knew I had her good and worked up. 

"Get on your back," she commanded, taking control once again.

I did as she asked and then she turned herself around and put us in a 69 position, planting her pussy on my face as she began to suck my cock. She was hungry for it, too. She'd never blown me so eagerly before, grunting and moaning as she quickly bobbed her head up and down on my poll. I played with her ass, squeezing and spreading her cheeks while fingering her hole at times, all while tonguing her wet pussy. 

Her hand wrapped around my cock and began jerking me as she came up for air. I could hear her moans grow shorter and louder, quickly on their way to becoming screams of pleasure. I kept up my simultaneous attack on her pussy and ass. It wasn't long before she announced her first climax in a whimper. Her pussy clenched around my tongue as her entire body went rigid; even her grasp on my cock tightened almost to the point of causing me pain. When her orgasm finally released her from its grip, she collapsed onto her elbows, barely able to hold herself up. 
