 "Jeff? Hi, yeah, it's Jamie...No, I'm not okay," she said, beginning to cry. "I mean, Jason fucked Tracy, how am I supposed to feel?...I'd like that, yeah...Okay, see you soon. Thanks, Jeff."

Jamie hung up her phone with a mischievous grin. "This is mean," she said. "I like it."

I laughed and then kissed her. "So, what are we going to do once he gets here?" I asked her.

"Well," she said in a devilish tone, her grin spreading into a full smile. "When he walks in, Tracy will be waiting behind the door to stop him from leaving once he sees me riding your cock in a full, reverse cowgirl position. I want him to see everything. He thinks he can break us up? He's going to find that it'll take a lot more than tricking you into cheating on me."

"So, what are we going to do after that? I mean, making him watch us fuck is one thing, but it doesn't feel like enough," I said. 

"What you do with him after that is up to you. I just want to show him that he failed."

I nodded and looked into her eyes with concern. She'd said she'd forgiven me and Tracy, well, at least I was forgiven. Tracy she was still pissed at, but didn't hold anything against her since it wasn't her fault. Tracy had found an ad on Craigslist looking for a roommate and was going to be checking the place out tomorrow. It wasn't in the best part of town, so Jamie told me I should go with her and if she happened to be off work early enough, she'd join us. Jamie wasn't heartless; she didn't want Tracy to end up in a worse situation than she was at the moment. I knew that if worst came to worst, she'd let Tracy stay with us a little longer until she could find a good place she could afford. Heck, she'd even set her up with a part time job working for her father at his printing company. 

As far as Jeff was concerned, all I wanted to do was beat the shit out of him and throw him out of the apartment. Jamie and I didn't need him to pay for the place. I had a few jobs I was going to be applying to tomorrow as well and knew with our combined income, Jamie and I could easily afford the $1200/month rent. 

"What are you going to do to him?" Jamie asked curiously.

I looked across the room at Tracy who stared out the window, barely paying attention to me and Jamie.

"I think Tracy and I need to deal with him," I said, grabbing her attention.

She looked at me startled. 

"He fooled us equally," I told her. "We need to deal with him equally."

She nodded and then looked out the window again. In her hand she held a small black Taser she'd gotten from her father when she was in high school. She'd already been quite a looker then and her father didn't trust any boys around her, so he wanted her to have that in case saying no wasn't enough to stop them. I knew she planned to use it to keep Jeff from leaving the apartment once he saw me and Jamie going at it.

"What do you say we get things started?" Jamie asked seductively. 

I tore my eyes away from Tracy and smiled at my future bride. She got off the couch and got on her knees in front of me, spreading my knees apart as she ran her hands up my inner thighs, reaching for my crotch. Her big, brown, seductive eyes bore into mine. It was hard to believe she'd truly forgiven me for what I'd done, whether I was manipulated or not, but here she was between my legs, encouraging the erection growing in my pants.

"Someone's getting ready to play," she teased, now stroking my hardening cock through my shorts. She reached up and loosened my belt. I unfastened the button for her while she pulled down the zipper, then, reaching inside my boxer briefs, she wrapped her fingers around my shaft. My head fell back against the couch cushion at her touch as she slowly began jerking me off from inside my underwear. 

I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my boxer briefs and pushed them down along with my tan cargo shorts and then Jamie pulled them down the rest of the way. My cock sprang free from its confines, looking Jamie straight in the face.

"Want me to suck it?" she asked in the sexiest voice I'd ever heard. It was as if a porn star had replaced my perfect angel. I nodded in response and she did that, but licked up the shaft a couple times first before wrapping her lips around the head. My eyes closed involuntarily at the first contact but snapped back open as I felt her mouth slowly slide down the length of my stiff cock. When I felt the back of her throat, I feared I'd cum right then and there, but I did my best to hold back; we still had to pay Jeff back for what he'd done.

After a couple minutes of Jamie giving me an amazing blowjob, Tracy announced that Jeff was walking up the path. Jamie quickly stripped her tiny white shorts and black tank top off. Then she turned her back to me and backed up with her back arched so her ass was sticking right in my face. I grabbed a cheek in each hand and pulled her into my face to eat her out from behind. Once her juices got flowing, she lightly slapped me in the face so I pulled back. She then lowered herself onto my engorged cock, swallowing it up with her wet pussy. 

Supporting herself on my knees, she began to rise up and down, riding my cock like a pro. The view of her round ass slapping into my pelvis drove me insane; it took everything within me to not blow my load into her before she wanted me to.

Suddenly the door opened and shut and the room fell silent as Jamie leaned back against me, slowly gyrating her hips with my cock buried deep inside her.

"What the...?" Jeff said in utter confusion. "I thought..."

"What, Jeff? You thought you could have me if Jason and I broke up?" she asked tauntingly. 

I saw him nod.

"Well, guess again, asshole," she said and then leaned back into me, bouncing up and down on my cock. I could feel my orgasm building already, and from her labored breathing, I could tell Jamie's was too. "Oh yeah," she said in a pleasing voice I finally recognized as her own. "That feels good, baby," she said but I knew she was looking right into Jeff's eyes as she said it. I could see his anger growing by the second. He turned to leave but Tracy stopped him with the Taser. He dropped to the floor after a full, three second shock from Tracy. 

Tracy didn't bother asking what to do next. She went to my room and grabbed the ties Jamie had used to tie her up earlier. When she returned, she tied his hands behind his back and then bound his ankles. After that, she gagged him with another, tying it off behind his head. When she was done binding him up, she retreated to her new, temporary room, leaving Jamie and I alone in the living room. 

Jamie pulled off of me and directed me to lie down. She then climbed back on top of me to finish up in cowgirl. I reached up and squeezed her full tits, her eyes closed and her head fell back as she rode my pole, gripping my hands tighter to her breasts. We continued like this for another minute as our orgasms rebuilt. Her pussy clenched around my cock as her orgasm finally released. The pressure from her pussy sent me over the edge and I exploded inside of her, intensifying her orgasm by double. Her forehead scrunched up and her mouth opened in a perfect "O" shape. I sat up and pulled her mouth into mine, kissing her deeply as I finished releasing my cum into her womb. 

"Fuck that was good," she whispered as we came down.

"Yeah it was," I agreed. 

Her eyes opened and locked onto mine. "I love you," she said.

"I love you, too," I returned the sentiment. The look in her eyes was the same look she'd given me the past week and a half, telling me things would be just fine between us. Every relationship has a turning point that either made or broke the commitment; this was ours and we'd passed. 

Once our breathing calmed back down, we pulled our clothes on and called Tracy out to join us in the living room. Jamie knelt down over Jeff's head, smirking at him.

"You know, your plan was clever. I really thought Jason had cheated on me and he really believed it was me who'd given him the go-ahead," she said. "But, the truth came out, and probably a lot sooner than you expected, didn't it?"

Jeff nodded, unable to look her in the eye. 

"Look, I'm done with my punishment. Seeing me and Jason fuck in front of you and confess our love was all I wanted you to see. Nothing, I repeat, nothing will separate us. You proved that to me today," she told him. "As far as Jason's concerned," she shrugged. "I don't think it'll be pretty," she said and then stood up. "Jason, Tracy, he's all yours."

"Ladies first," I said, gesturing for Tracy to step up and begin.

"Stand him up," she said dryly. She'd been pretty quiet all day until this point. I understood why and I was almost afraid for Jeff for what she might do to him. 

Jamie and I each grabbed a shoulder and an arm and then pulled Jeff up to his feet so he was now looking Tracy in the face. He pleaded with his eyes for mercy, but the look on Tracy's face told me that wasn't going to happen. 

"You son of a bitch," she said; it was the first I'd seen tears in her eyes all day. This wasn't what I was expecting from her. "Who the fuck do you think you are to toy with someone's heart like that? And I'm not just talking about mine. I care about Jason and Jamie an awful lot; they took me in when I had no one. They showed me, not just a good time, but love and compassion when we met in Albuquerque. They are the best people I know and you dare try and break them up because of some stupid little crush you've got?" she slapped him hard across the face; red fingermarks began to form on his cheek. 

I ventured a look at Jamie and she looked somewhere between shock and tears as she stared at Tracy. It was the first she'd allowed Tracy to speak freely since everything happened yesterday. I knew if she'd just allow Tracy to speak, she would have a change of heart. 

Tracy walked away, slamming my bedroom door. Jeff's stuff was still in there; Jamie had changed her mind about making Tracy throw it out on the lawn outside and came up with this plan instead. It was proving to be more effective than we'd thought.

I walked around to face Jeff. I almost felt bad for him after the guilt trip Tracy had just laid on him, but he deserved it after what he'd done. I nodded at Jamie and she took the ties off of his wrists and ankles; he pulled the last tie out of his mouth once his hands were free. He looked angry for the ambush but realized he was trapped, so a little fear sunk in as well.

"I'm actually impressed," I told him. "What you did took a lot of guts and was pretty smart, except for the fact that you couldn't get to my phone to delete any evidence. That's where your plan was fucked. Now, a big part of me really wants to beat the living shit out of you," I said and saw a flash of fear in his eyes. "But, I think what I'm going to do instead is give you a few hours to pack your shit and get out of here."

"You can't kick me out, I've been paying rent. You have no grounds to kick me out," he protested.

"Except for the fact that I no longer feel safe with you in the apartment because of what you've done. You remember our landlord and the shit she went through with her ex-husband?" I asked him.

He closed his eyes in defeat. "Yeah, well, she knows what happened here and is ready to kick you out herself if you don't go peacefully."

Jeff sighed. "I guess I don't have a choice then, do I?"

I shook my head. "You really don't," I said, slapping his shoulder. "You've got till this evening to be out. Call anyone you have to for help."

Jeff turned towards his old room but I had one more question for him.

"Jeff," I said, stopping him. "Why'd you do it?"

He shrugged. "Wouldn't you have done anything you could to be with Jamie?" he asked.

"Anything but ruin the relationship she was in already."

Jeff looked away for a second and then back at me. "I guess you're just a better person than me," he said and then entered his room to pack his stuff.

"I'm shocked," Jamie said.

"What about?" I asked her, pulling her into a hug.

"Why you didn't beat him up," she answered.

I shrugged. "I think he's learned his lesson. I really doubt he'll try something like that with us again. It won't work anyway, because, from now on, I'm getting a voice confirmation from you about everything," I laughed.

Jamie smiled at me and then kissed me deeply. She was showing me true affection as if everything that had happened was forgotten. I was grateful and accepted the kiss, returning it as passionately as she gave. We heard the door to our room open and then the other one close, which grabbed our attention; Tracy had shut herself in Jeff's room alone. I looked back down at Jamie and she mirrored my confusion in her own face. 

I hurried to the door and tried to open it, but it was locked. 

"Tracy, open the door," I said, trying the handle again in vain.

The muffled voices on the other side grew louder, but not any clearer. Then I heard a thud and then a cry. 

"Jeff, open the door!" I shouted.

"No!" he shouted back. I looked at Jamie and she had a look of terror on her face. I set my jaw and glared at the door. I had to get in there and stop Jeff from hurting Tracy. I knew she was a tough girl, but Jeff was much bigger than she was and could probably take me in a fair fight. But, when I was protecting someone I cared about, I like to think I'm pretty unstoppable.

"What are you going to do?" Jamie asked.

"Well, we'll have to buy a new door and repair the doorframe before we move out of this place if that tells you anything," I answered.

"Don't...don't kill him, please," Jamie pleaded.

I rushed forward and threw my shoulder into the door. I heard it crack a little, so I knew I was weakening its hold. I took a couple steps back and then threw myself into the door again. The door jamb began to crack. One more time should do it. I took three steps back and rushed the door. When I collided with the white, wooden door, I fell through the doorway, shoving the door aside. 

I'll never forget what I saw when I fell into that room. Tracy's shorts were around her knees and her shirt had been torn from her body, discarded on the floor where I stood. Jeff had her pinned to the bed on her stomach with her arms behind her back and his cock halfway up her ass. All I saw was red when I rushed for him. I grabbed him by the shoulders and threw him into the wall. Before he could recover, I pinned him there, throwing my fist into his stomach repeatedly. When he began to gasp for air, I reached back and let loose on his face. By the time Jamie was pulling me off of him, his face was a mess of blood and bruises. Tracy had pulled on her shorts and was retreating into mine and Jamie's room again.

"Get the fuck out of here, Jeff. You can pick your shit up when we're not here," I told him. "If I ever see you again..." I said and then took a deep breath to try and calm my shaking arms. "If I ever see you again, I won't stop."

Jamie pulled me out of the room and into ours. Tracy was pulling on a fresh tank top and then sat on the edge of our bed, crying.

"Are you okay?" I heard Jamie ask her, kneeling down on the floor in front of her.

Tracy shook her head. "I was so stupid. I thought I had more to say, but before I knew what was happening, he had me on the bed," she said through her sobs. Hearing her describe what had happened made me want to return and complete the job of thoroughly beating the shit out of Jeff. How could a guy I'd been friends with for so many years suddenly become the person he was now? I'd never have thought he would be capable of raping someone. I guess it goes to show, you never truly know someone until you've lived with them long enough. 

I watched as Jamie comforted Tracy, wondering what kind of crazy things I would learn about her after living with her for a few years. I prayed it wouldn't be anything as bad as what Jeff had just done to Tracy. I highly doubted it, especially since we'd been friends for fifteen years, regardless of whether or not we've lived together in any of that time. Jamie wasn't capable of true evil like that; she was too good. Too perfect.