 Jamie screamed wildly as I bounced her on my cock from a standing position. Her legs wrapped tightly around my waist, adding and releasing pressure each time she lifted herself up and dropped back down on my rock hard member. I held her by her ass, helping her rise up and down on my cock. I grunted with each thrust I made as she crashed down on me. I warned her of my imminent explosion of an orgasm that'd been building the past few minutes, unable to hold it back any longer.

"Cum inside me, baby!" she begged in response. "Don't waste a drop!"

I dropped her onto the bed, my dick sliding out of her temporarily as I repositioned us. I pulled her to the edge, spreading her legs wide. Grabbing my throbbing rod, I guided it back into her pussy, took hold of her shapely thighs and went to town. Just a few more thrusts later and I blew my load into her womb, blast after blast after blast. When I was finally spent, I fell forward, barely able to support myself with my own arms. Jamie grabbed me by the back of the neck and pulled my face to hers.

"Let go, love," she whispered and I lowered myself the rest of the way down on top of her as she wrapped her arms around the back of my neck, kissing me deeply, my cock slowly softening inside of her. "You are amazing," she cooed, nuzzling her nose against my scruffy cheek. I'd been growing my beard out lately.

I laughed once. "You're the amazing one," I countered. "I've never cum as hard as I have with you the past couple of months."

"Not even with Tracy?" she asked. We hadn't fucked since that day Jeff had tricked us all, mind you, but the memory of fucking was still there.

"Not even close," I told her honestly.

"What about with your ex-wife?" she asked, knowing the answer already.

"You're joking, right?" I asked.

She giggled. "Yes."

"Good."

She sighed contentedly. "I love you, Jason."

I lifted my head and stared in her eyes. "I love you, too, Jamie," I replied and kissed her passionately. If we hadn't just had our third fuck of the day, I'm sure my cock would have risen again and we would have gone at it again right then. But, even my dick was too tired to go again.

"We should clean up before our parents get here," she said, breaking our kiss.

I nodded. "You're right. What time is it?" I asked and glanced at the clock beside our bed. They were going to be here in an hour to take us out to an early dinner and search for wedding venues. Jamie was pretty insistent about a beach wedding, though, so I knew she wouldn't like any place they took us to. I knew my mom had found a planner with connections to outdoor weddings. The planner was on our list that weekend to visit. The only problem was, an outdoor wedding was so unpredictable as far as weather goes. We'd be more concerned about that if it wasn't going to be summertime in Southern California, though. The only issue was going to be the wind that the beach brings. But, if it was truly what Jamie wanted, it was what I wanted. I didn't care about when and where so much as who I was going to be saying "I do" with. The trick was finding a beach that wouldn't be too crowded for the ceremony. 

"Just curious, babe," I started as I led us to the shower, hand-in-hand. "Do you prefer an evening or afternoon ceremony?"

"Evening. I think it would be beautiful with the sun setting just after the ceremony. Imagine the pictures!" she said dreamily.

I grinned; she looked so cute when she went off into the fantasy land in her head. 

"Why? What do you want?" she asked curiously.

"Oh, I totally agree that it would be better later. Especially if the guys and I will be in full tuxes, I'd rather not be sweating buckets," I chuckled.

"Good point. So, what, say about a six o'clock ceremony?" she offered. 

I thought about it. The date we'd decided on was Saturday, June 28th. The sun wouldn't be setting until close to eight o'clock, but being at the beach would be cooler than inland. It would start cooling off by about six for sure.

"I think that's a perfect time. By the time the ceremony is wrapping up and the reception starts, the sun should be about ready to set. And if the sunset happens to be perfect, the photographer can steal us away for a few minutes. I just don't want her dragging us away for too long. I want to party with our friends and family as much as possible," I told her. 

I turned the water to the shower on to get it warmed up. 

"I agree with you on that, but your cousin, Camille, should be easy to work with. She's a sweetheart," she said.

I nodded. "Yeah she is."

Camille and I had always been close. We were a few years apart, but when she hit her teen years, she looked up to me like a big brother, and I was more than happy to take on that role to look out for her. When I'd lived with her and her family in Colorado for those few months, we'd grown extremely close. I was almost shocked at the gorgeous woman she'd become the past few years. 

Jamie pulled me into the shower, soaking us under the water. We'd gotten a new showerhead that was much wider than the old one, it gave a wide enough of a spray that we both could be partially under the stream of water at the same time; that way neither of us was completely freezing, waiting our turn for the water. 

We washed each other slowly, taking our time and stealing deep kisses when we could. The past few weeks of being together had healed a lot of the pain of the drama we'd gone through because of Jeff. We realized we couldn't fully blame him for what happened, even though he orchestrated the whole thing, but I did admit that I shouldn't have fucked Tracy even if Jamie had actually given me permission. Not without her there to participate, anyway, according to her. She said it wasn't likely to ever happen again, but she followed that up with a "Never say never!" also. I wasn't hoping or trying to make it happen, but I'll confess that I wouldn't stop it from happening if it did.

That said, Tracy was still living with us, working as much as she could at a local restaurant walking-distance from the apartment and paying a portion of the rent. We didn't need her money, but Jamie wanted her to contribute as much as she could. We didn't give her a fixed amount for rent, but did work out that she should at least pay a percentage of what she earned. She was responsible for buying her own groceries and paying her own bills, like her cell phone payment, but Jamie was happy to accept whatever Tracy could actually afford for rent. It helped us save money for the wedding. 

Ted, Jamie's dad, had set a budget he could afford for the wedding and told us anything over that was up to us to pay for. I'd gotten a full time job working for Jamie's father at his printing company. It was steady work and had promise for great pay in the future, once I was fully able to do the job his son has been doing for a few years now. Jamie and I would be doing pretty well financially once that happened. I was confident my pay would start going up again pretty soon. I was glad to have a normal work schedule again; no more on-call weeks!

"Can I ask you something totally random?" Jamie asked as she lathered my back with soap. 

"You can ask me anything you want," I answered.

"What is a secret sexual fantasy you've never told anyone?" she asked.

"You mean aside from anything we've done?" I asked.

"You're sweet," she said. "But, yes, aside from me. Is there a secret crush you've harbored for any reason?"

There was, but I was too afraid to share it. Mostly because of the inappropriateness of who it was.

"There is, isn't there?" she asked with curious laughter, spinning me to face her. Her face went from amused to concern as she saw the worry in my eyes. "What is it?"

"I feel terrible about the who part of your question," I confessed.

Her concern grew deeper as she reached up and caressed my cheek. "I don't care who it is. Your secret won't leave my lips," she promised. 

"Even if it's someone that most of the world would judge me horribly for?"

She studied my eyes for a minute. "It's someone close to you, I can tell that much."

I nodded. "Have you ever had a secret crush on a cousin?" I asked.

Jamie let out a sigh of relief. "Of course! Who is it?" she asked excitedly. 

"You're not weirded out by this?" I asked.

"Not at all! I have a cousin on the east coast that is way hot. He's from my real dad's side of the family, we aren't close or anything, but I definitely have had a small crush on him since we were kids," she confessed, which totally eased my nerves. "Who is it?" she asked softly, encouraging me to tell her.

"Camille," I finally told her.

She looked away for a second as if she were trying to picture her, nodding as she did. "I can't say I blame you. She's gorgeous," she said, smiling up at me.

"I'm not a crazy sicko for finding her attractive?" I asked her.

"Not to me," she smiled again and kissed me. "Hell, if I had a chance with her, I'd take it. Even if it was just for one night," she said matter-of-factly. 

"What?" I asked, feeling like her statement had about given me whiplash. 

"What? She's hot!" she laughed.

I shook my head and took a seat on the small ledge in the corner of the shower that was just big enough to hold my ass.

"Jason? What's wrong?" she asked.

I shrugged. "I'm not sure. I guess I'm just in shock at how you took that. I've never told anybody about my crush on my little cousin before and then you go and say you'd fuck her. I wasn't sure what to think."

"It's not like things would actually happen, right?" she asked, kneeling down in front of me, rubbing her hands along my thighs soothingly.

"I really doubt it," I said. 

"So, what's the problem? We both shared something about your cousin. We both have small crushes on her. Granted, yours is probably much bigger than mine. I just think she's hot. You've been close to her for years," she said and then stood up to wash her hair.

"I guess that's true. It's not like anything could ever happen, right?"

"Right," she agreed, running the shampoo through her long, dark hair.

We finished our shower shortly after that conversation ended and got dressed in time for my mom and her parents to arrive. Ted treated us to a nice dinner at a very nice steakhouse, and then from there we checked out a couple churches and a wedding venue. Just as I predicted, Jamie wasn't thrilled about any of them. She did like one small church, but I could tell it was just to make her dad happy, but after we talked about the possibilities of each venue, my mom called up her wedding planner friend and she took us to a few beach locations.

Jamie fell in love with each one as we arrived. The sun was beginning to get low in the sky after the first two, so I knew this would be a selling point for Jamie. I didn't pay so much attention to where we were as to Jamie's reaction to the locations. Her eyes lit up at the first one, but her only issue was it was too close to the Huntington Pier, therefore making it too crowded to hold a private ceremony. The second one was a little more secluded but too close to a residential area, so there was a time limit on the noise level. 

The third and final location we checked out was in Laguna Beach. The coordinator informed us that the lifeguard department rented out this section of beach and the parking lot for special events every so often. It was a little more costly, but it was still within Ted's proposed budget. There were no residential homes for a couple miles in either direction, the waves were beautiful and the way the sun began to set into the horizon was breathtaking. Jamie took my hand and pulled me into her, resting her head on my chest. 

"It's perfect," she whispered just loud enough for me to hear her.

I nodded. "I agree, this is the place."

"So, what do you two think?" the coordinator asked.

We turned, both smiling widely. "We love it!" we said together.

I looked at Ted and he nodded. "It'll take most of the budget I'm giving you, you know."

"We'll come up with the rest," Jamie told him. "We've already started saving."

He nodded again. "Okay, then, let's book it," he said and turned to the coordinator. "Is June 28th available?"

She looked at her list of openings and nodded. "There is an early ceremony that ends at three, their reception is in another location. Were you wanting to do the same thing or hold the reception here?" she asked, turning back to me and Jamie.

"Here," Jamie said, looking up at me. 

"Definitely here. We want to take advantage of the scenery as much as possible. Our photographer will have a blast with this place," I said, confirming that this would indeed be where we got married in a couple months. 

My phone began to vibrate in my pocket and then my ringtone of a Shinedown song began to play. Jamie pulled away just enough to let me pull it out and answer it.

"Speaking of which, here she is now," I said and then answered the phone. "Hey, cousin!"

"Hey!" she said in her cheery voice. "How are you?"

"I'm great, we just found the location we are going to get married at," I told her.

"That's great! Where is it?"

"It's a public beach in Laguna that the lifeguard department rents out. It's perfect, Camille, you'll love it."

"I can't wait to see it! How about next weekend?" she asked.

My forehead scrunched up in confusion. "But the wedding isn't until June."

"I know, but I'm going to be out there visiting for a while," she said, trying to hide a hint of sadness, but she couldn't hide it from me. 

I squeezed Jamie's hand and then held up a finger to tell her I needed a minute to talk to Camille. She nodded, kissed me on the cheek and then walked away to talk to our parents and the coordinator. 

"What's wrong, Camille?" I asked. 

"What? Nothing's wrong," she lied.

"Camille, don't try and pretend something's not wrong. What is it?"

She sighed. "I never can hide anything from you," she said, her true feelings beginning to surface more. "Michael and I aren't doing great," she admitted. 

They'd just gotten married this past January. I thought they were a little young, but when Camille had her mind set on something, nothing ever stopped her. I liked the guy, though; he treated her well, seemed to really love her, and was a generally nice guy. I was having a hard time imagining what could have gone wrong.

"What happened?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said. "Lately he's just been wanting to hang out with his friends and play videogames more than spend time with me, even though he knows what we can do together is way more fun than a silly videogame," she said and I picked up on her subtle insinuation. 

I grinned, imagining in my head what that would be like. "I'm sorry, Camille. I'm sure he still loves you. He's young, though, and probably just needs some guy time."

"I totally get that and appreciate that he needs time to hang out with his friends. I do the same. But, it seems like it's all he wants to do lately. I don't get it. I mean, I'm pretty, right?" she asked.

"Camille, you're gorgeous. Next to Jamie, you're the most beautiful girl I know."

I could sense her smile. "You're so sweet. Too bad you're my cousin, I would have married you," she said and then suddenly realized what she said. "I'm sorry, that's weird, huh?"

I grinned. "It's not weird at all. Look, if you need to get away for a while, then you're more than welcome to stay with me and Jamie. But, try and talk to Michael and work things out. I know you two love each other."

She sighed. "Thanks, Jason, I needed to hear that. I'll get back to you, okay? I may just need a couple days to get my head on straight."

I suspected she was hiding something else from me. I wasn't about to let her hang up without confessing whatever it was.

"Who is he?" I asked, taking a chance on my suspicion.

"What?" she asked, sounding scared.

"There's another guy flirting with you or something isn't there?" I asked, my protectiveness kicking in automatically.

"How...? How could you possibly know that?"

"Camille, did you not hear what I said about you a minute ago? You're gorgeous; guys have always hit on you. Don't you remember that guy literally chasing you down before you could drive away just to tell you he thought you were the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen and just had to meet you?"

"Yeah," she said, sounding embarrassed. 

"Shit, you dated a damn male model, Camille!" I said and she laughed.

"Fine, you caught me. He's one of our clients we do advertising for. He keeps asking me out to dinner even though he knows I'm married. I almost said yes the other day."

I nodded. "Okay, then you need to get away from him for a few days. I think coming down here would be a great idea. If Michael wants to come, too, he's more than welcome, but you need to not see this other guy for a few days."

She was silent for a few seconds and then said, "Okay. I'll come visit. I'll mention it to Michael and see what he wants to do and I'll get back to you tomorrow."

"Okay, good. I love you, cousin."

"I love you, too," she said. "And thank you."

"Always. Talk to you later."

"Bye!" she said and then hung up.

I returned to the others and Jamie looked at me curiously. I told her that Camille will be coming to visit soon, with or without her husband. She grinned at me in a funny way that was hard to explain.

"What?" I asked.

She reached her face up to me and kissed me on the cheek. "Maybe a certain fantasy can come true," she suggested and then winked at me as she pulled away. 

I shook my head. "Probably not though."

She just shrugged and then rejoined the conversation our parents were having. Ted was writing a check to secure the location on the beach. I looked around and tried to imagine how the wedding ceremony would be set up, the large tent with the dance floor where Jamie and I would be sharing our first dance as husband and wife, the huge number of guests we'd love to have there to celebrate the day with us. Looking back, I was amazed I didn't feel overwhelmed by everything. I mean, it all happened so fast, I should have had some sort of emotional or mental whiplash, but I didn't. It just felt right; like it was meant to be and it just took her and I fifteen years to make it happen. 

I looked back at my perfect bride-to-be and smiled at her. Her blue, flowery dress fluttered around her knees in the strong breeze, her freckle-covered porcelain skin shined in the setting sunlight with only the slightest hint of a tan, her dark hair blew like a flag as the wind picked up in small gusts. When she looked back at me again, her bright red lips spread into a perfect, closed-mouth smile. I smiled back at her, wishing I could see her eyes through her large framed sunglasses, but I loved the classy look she had with them on at the same time. How did I end up so lucky to be with her? How could I love anyone but her? I knew the answer to that second question; I couldn't.