 When I woke the next morning, Meagan was gone. I later found out she'd gone to get cleaned up and changed into fresh scrubs to start her shift. Camille came out of the small bathroom in my hospital room fully dressed and ready to go to the airport. 

"Good morning, beautiful," I said, inclining my bed to talk to her better.

"Good morning, stud," she said, crossing the room. She kissed me lovingly on the lips, but held back, knowing it'd lead to more if she didn't. I didn't blame her since she had a flight to catch in a couple hours. 

"Is Jamie on her way?" I asked, holding her around the waist, softly caressing the skin just above her left hip after sneaking my fingers between her white, sleeveless top and her pink, loose-hanging, knee-length skirt. 

"Yeah, she just texted me to say she was on her way up from the parking structure."

"I'm going to miss you," I told her.

"I'm going to miss you, too. But I really miss Michael. I can't wait to be with him."

I smiled at her. "I hope everything works out with you two. Just remember to be open and honest about everything, especially in the bedroom."

She grinned at me. "I'll try to lead him into the things you and I did together. I just hope he doesn't figure out what we did," she said.

"If he does and can't accept you, you're always welcome in our home," I told her as Jamie walked into the room.

"That's right," Jamie confirmed, joining Camille at the side of my bed. Jamie ran her fingers through Camille's curly hair and then kissed her gently on the lips. "You're always welcome in our bed too," she said with a wink.

"I'm going to miss you guys so much," Camille said, nearly crying. 

"Hey, we'll visit as much as possible," Jamie promised. "Jason's working for my dad, and I'm kind of his favorite," she laughed. "So, I'm sure he'll let us take a trip any time we like. Besides, you'll be back for our wedding once Jason's healed up and walking again. Plus, I think our honeymoon was supposed to be a road trip up the coast, right?" she asked me for confirmation.

"That's right. Man, I'm going to have to relearn how to drive," I complained, realizing it was my right foot that'd gotten bitten in half. Fucking shark.

Camille bent down and kissed me on the cheek. "You'll do great in physical therapy," she said encouragingly.

"Thanks," I said. "Well, don't let me keep you. Go catch your flight. Let me know how things go with Michael when you get home, okay?"

"I promise I will," she said and then gave me a strong goodbye kiss, slipping her tongue in my mouth briefly before pulling away. "I love you," she said.

"I love you, too," I said and then pinched her ass playfully, making her scream and then laugh. 

"Brat," she said, swatting my arm.

"Totally worth it," I said and then slapped her ass as she walked away. 

She pointed at me threateningly and then waved with a sad face as she walked out the door. Jamie stepped up and gave me a deeper kiss than Camille had just given me a minute before. 

"I'll be back to check on you, okay? Maybe make up for not being here last night if we can get away with it," she said and then kissed me. 

"I'm looking forward to it," I said and then she left the room but not before kissing me and squeezing my soft cock as she did. It began to slowly come to life as she left, which frustrated me, but I knew she'd take care of me later.

I only spent a few more days in the hospital before starting my physical therapy. I had a great therapist who helped me learn how to use the prosthetic half of a foot they attached to me. The only unfortunate thing was, he was a guy. I think the head nurse made sure of that after allowing the explicit activity that went on in my room while I was in there. Even though she was nice to me, she seemed to look forward to me leaving and thought that if I had a female physical therapist, especially the one they had on staff, then I'd drag my feet (so to speak) in my progress. She was probably right, especially since Meagan was her backup. I never would have fucked the actual therapist, unless Jamie suggested we bring her into a threesome first. I think I saw a hint of disappointment when she saw her and then saw the guy who was instructing me. 

Oh well, we couldn't fuck everybody, right? Anyway, I hadn't heard from Camille for about a month before I decided to call her after my therapy session one day. When she answered, she sounded out of breath, like she'd been running or working out.

"Hey, you," she said.

"Hey, I'm guessing things are okay with you and Michael? I haven't heard from you in a while."

"I know, I'm so sorry. Things are great, actually. You'll never guess what happened when I came home."

"Tell me," I said, settling in on the couch at home. I'd been released the day before. 

"I walked in on him with another girl," she said in a much more excited voice than I thought appropriate for finding out he'd been cheating on her (but then again, she'd been cheating on him with me and Jamie). 

"Okay," I said, confused.

"It was his extremely hot cousin, Britney," she said.

That's when it all made sense. "Ah, okay. So, what happened?"

"Well, he looked freaked out at first but when I told him it was okay, he gawked at me like I was completely insane. So, I told him what happened between you and me, and then told him Jamie was involved and even Meagan a little, he continued to gawk at me. And then I saw that big ole smile of his I'd missed for a while and things have been great ever since. Well, as soon as I began making out with Britney in front of him, then began to eat her pussy out while he fucked my ass. It was amazing, Jason!"

"I am so happy for you," I told her. "Who would have thought that our family was harboring sex addicts?" I laughed.

Camille laughed too. "Right? Well, you kinda interrupted us...all three of us, so I better get back to Michael and Britney."

"Okay, I love you, cousin!"

"Love you more!" she said and then hung up.

"Camille and Michael doing well?" Jamie asked, walking out of our room. 

"Yeah, she..." I was stopped in my tracks as Jamie rounded the couch wearing a red, silk teddy that barely covered her ass. 

"She, what?" she asked in such a sexy, seductive voice, I'd completely forgotten what we were talking about.

"I don't remember," I told her.

"That's too bad," she said, bending over, planting both of her hands on either side of my head on the back cushions of the couch. She slowly bent her arms as she leaned into me, her face coming closer and closer to mine. Her tongue slid across her red lips. I looked down and saw her tits hanging inside the loose fabric of the silky number she wore; she wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples were already hard, ready to be sucked. I lifted my hands up and rubbed her freshly shaved, smooth legs from her knees up her thighs. I ran my hands back down to her sexy calves slowly, enjoying the feel of her beautiful legs again. I felt like it'd been so long since we were last together in this intimate way. My physical therapy, though it'd been going great and I was doing well, wore me out and Jamie never pushed me for sex (even though I was a little disappointed by it). Tonight we were obviously making up for lost time.

I ran my hands back up her legs again, this time slipping them under her sexy red garment. I felt the tiny waistband of her underwear, but didn't pull them down. Instead, I ran my hands along her hips to her perfect bubble butt and learned that it was a thong. I squeezed her ass cheeks and pulled her into me by the waist. She bent her knees and straddled my lap and softly grinded her barely covered pussy into my crotch, which was still clothed in cargo shorts and my boxer-briefs, but it still felt amazing. She placed her cool, soft hands on my face and then leaned in to kiss me. Our lips touched and then parted open, sending a jolt of lightning throughout our bodies. Her tongue found mine and they began wrestling with each other like long lost lovers. 

Pulling her tighter into me, I felt the heat of her sex on my belly. My cock grew hard and began to press into her ass through the layers of clothing. I grabbed the hem of her teddy and lifted it up to her shoulders. She broke our kiss and lifted her arms so I could pull it up over her head; I discarded it to the couch cushion on my left, right before I reached up and squeezed both of her full tits. Jamie gasped at my touch and then grabbed me by the back of the head and forced my face between her gorgeous breasts. I kissed and licked the valley between her mounds for a minute before turning my head to the right to give attention to her left breast. 

She released her hold on my head enough so I could take her beautiful, white, creamy tit into my mouth, sucking in as much of it as I could. My tongue slid selfishly over her eraser-sized nipple. I felt her hips slowly begin to grind into me more and then I felt her hands slide down my back and begin pulling up my shirt, finally. When it got caught on my armpits, I pulled off of her breast and lifted my arms so she could pull it off of me. Once I was free of the T-shirt, she tossed it behind her and I returned my attention to her beautiful breast. She wrapped her arms tight around my shoulders and began to groan in pleasure, skillfully grinding her hips into me all the while. 

When I left her breast to give the other one some attention, she quickly shoved her hands between our bodies and began fumbling with my belt until she had it undone. Once it was free of my tan cargo shorts, she tossed it somewhere behind her and out of sight for now. I tried to suck and lick her neglected tit, but she began to unbutton my shorts next; I had no complaints, so I fell back into the couch cushion. She removed herself from my lap and sat with her knees bent on the cushion next to me, where her silky red teddy was, and then finished the job of removing my shorts, pulling my boxer briefs off as well. Then from there, she bent over the rest of the way and took my poll into her mouth and began greedily bobbing her head up and down the shaft. Her tongue worked quickly, lathering me up with her saliva. 

As she continued to give me one of the best blowjobs I'd ever received from her, I ran my left hand down her back, from shoulder to ass, slipping my hand into her tiny thong before pressing my middle finger against her asshole. Her mouth tightened on my dick as I massaged her brown eye. I then slipped that finger past her ass and into her hot, wet pussy, lathering my finger up with her juices. Once I thought it would be lubed up enough, I slid my finger back up to her asshole and pressed against it again. Her mouth tightened around the head of my cock, where she'd had her lips as she licked my crown, and she relaxed her ass as much as she could to allow my finger access. I slipped my finger in up to the second knuckle fairly quickly and began to wiggle it around, feeling the walls of her tight ass. 

Jamie worked my cock even faster as I finger fucked her asshole. I pulled my middle finger out and replaced it with my thumb as I leaned over slightly to be able to reach farther. I then slipped my ring and middle fingers into her sopping wet pussy and began finger fucking both holes.

Jamie briefly pulled her face off of my cock. "OH, fuck!" she cried and then muffled her cries with my prick once again. She moaned and groaned with her mouth full of cock as she sucked me off like a pro. Finally she'd decided enough was enough and then glared at me. I couldn't tell if she wanted to kill me or fuck me for a moment, but she quickly straddled me, pulled the fabric covering her pussy aside and impaled herself roughly with my cock.

"FUCK!" we shouted together. I sat forward, pressing my face into her shoulder as I felt her chin on mine with the side of her head pressed against my own. We held each other tightly, savoring the feeling of our sex organs reconnected for the first time in what seemed forever. 

"Just hold me a minute," she whimpered into my ear. "I just want to feel you inside of me again. God I feel so full," she said. "I haven't had more than a small vibrator or a tongue in my pussy in so long."

During my physical therapy, we hadn't been together intimately because of how much the activities had worn me out and caused me pain. Jamie was loving and full of understanding the whole time, but today she'd taken a chance and man was I glad she had. I'd missed being intimate with her, and I felt like this was just what I needed; what we both needed. I was getting better with my prosthetic and was beginning to feel like I could do more; so, if Jamie hadn't come out in that sexy outfit, I'd been planning to attack her in the bedroom myself. 

"A tongue?" I asked.

She looked at me sheepishly. "I'll show you later, for now, I want you to fuck me like you've never fucked me before," she begged.

I wasn't one to argue with a beautiful, naked woman, so with my cock buried deep inside her pussy already, I thrust my hips into her and she gasped. With each thrust of my hips I slid my ass closer to the edge of the couch so she could ride me easier. Once I was reclined enough, she began to gyrate her hips, pressing my cock against each wall of her pussy in turn. Then she began to rise up and down slowly, still keeping her hips in a circular motion as she did. This was a new move I hadn't experienced with her. Holy shit did it feel good. Her hot sex swallowed me up with a tighter grip than her mouth had. I rubbed her shapely thighs as she beautifully rode my rigid staff. 

Closing my eyes, I took her right breast into my mouth and began licking and sucking the beautiful tit that had been ignored earlier. She gasped again, relishing the feel of my ministrations to her perfect tit. I wrapped my arms around her smooth back and then stood up quickly with her pussy still wrapped tightly around my throbbing cock; I unfortunately had to release her right tit from my mouth, though. She clamped her legs around my waist, locking her ankles together. Then she began to use her legs to rise up and down on my cock as I stood up with her. I was amazed at myself for being able to stand with her clinging to my body, let alone allowing her to bounce on my hard prick. 

"Holy shit, you're so deep inside me," she gasped as she rode me in a steady rhythm. I turned towards the couch, feeling my strength begin to wan. With her still hanging on my body I placed one knee onto the couch against the backrest, and then pulled my right leg up (which was the one with the prosthetic on my foot) and then held her there as I planted my mouth onto hers. I grabbed one of the pillows from the center of the couch and tossed it to the other end. I then leaned forward, still kissing her, as I began to lower our bodies onto the couch. If my core had been stronger, I would have kept us moving slower, but my abs and legs gave out and I fell on top of her, still balls deep in her cunt. 

We both grunted loudly as our bodies slammed into the soft couch, which were followed my laughs and giggles from the two of us. 

"That hurt so good," she cooed and then began kissing me again as I began to pull my cock out of her pussy and slide it back in again slowly, thoroughly enjoying every feeling that went with it. We gradually began to pick up the pace and intensity as I changed up my strokes into her from time to time: sometimes slow, long thrusts; short fast ones; rough, deep ones where I tried to force myself in deeper; and then times where I would just hold myself deep inside her, pressing our pelvises together as tight as possible.

After being apart sexually for so long (a few long weeks), we didn't want to change positions. We wanted to be able to look in each other's eyes and kiss as much as possible for the reunion of our bodies. We felt our souls connect as we continued to make love in the simple, but amazing missionary position. She ran her fingers through my hair and down my back, lightly scratching my skin like I enjoyed. We kissed deeply, fucking each other's mouths with our tongues. I squeezed and massaged her tits one at a time as I thrust my cock deep into her over and over again. 

After what seemed hours, and after she'd experienced two minor orgasms, my own orgasm began to build up in my balls. I'd been holding it off as much as I could, desiring to make our first time together again last as long as possible. But we were both nearing our end at this point, and were ready for the release that was about to come. I pushed my torso up off of hers and began to fuck her for all I was worth. Her eyes never left mine as she began to go from moans and groans to gasps and, soon, screaming. Obscenities flew from both our mouths as we neared our climaxes simultaneously; we almost drowned out the sound of skin slapping against skin as we fucked. 

"Fill me up! Fill me with your cum. I want to feel it explode inside of me!" she demanded and I complied, finally reaching my end as I blasted stream after stream of hot, sticky cum into her tight pussy. My blasts into her cunt triggered her own orgasm and she arched her back, pressing her tight stomach into mine. I continued to fuck her until I was totally spent and then collapsed on top of her, both of us gasping for air. Her arms wrapped tightly around my body, and I never attempted to pull my still hard cock from her pussy as we lay there together, trying to catch our breath. 

"I missed you," she said.

"I missed you, too. It feels so good to be home again," I said with double meaning, which she picked up on. 

We laid there barely talking for a few minutes until our breathing returned to normal. It was then we realized I was still hard. 

"You're still ready to go?" she asked.

I looked down at our joint bodies. "I guess so," I said, almost feeling like we'd just started and then slowly began to thrust into her tight body as we laid on our sides, facing each other. 

"Physical therapy was good to you," she laughed. 

I looked over my body and had to agree. When we'd first reunited in Tennessee, I had a bit of a gut, but she hadn't seemed to care. Over the next few weeks, our sexual activities had definitely given me the exercise my body needed and began to trim me down. But, after the time spent in the hospital and the limited food I was given there, plus the physical work they put me through, I, for the first time in my life, had the beginnings of a six pack growing. My arms and chest were even more defined as I'd had to use my upper body so much to keep my balance as I learned to walk with half of a prosthetic foot. I still had a slight limp as I walked, but most people wouldn't notice unless they were paying close attention.

"I guess it was good for me," I agreed. "Let's see just how good it really was," I said and pulled out of her. I flipped her over and she got on all fours. I yanked her thong down off of her hips and down to her knees. She lifted one knee and I pulled the tiny fabric over it, then she repeated the motion with her other so I could finally free her ass and pussy of the thong (not that I needed to with how little it actually covered). I then lined my cock up with her pussy and rubbed the tip against her lips. She spread her legs a little more and then I rammed my poll inside of her. She cried out in pain for a second but then backed her hips into me, looking back with desire. 

I gave her ass one good slap before pulling out and thrusting into her again. She responded by giving a subtle twerk on my cock. Then as I pulled back, sliding my cock out of her pussy, she moved forward and then we slammed our bodies together again. I grabbed onto her hips, digging my fingers into her flesh.

"Give it to me good, baby. Make me scream," she commanded, and with that, we went to town. I pounded into her pussy over and over, my pelvis slapping into her ass. At one point she begged for me to enter her ass, saying I'd gotten her excited by fingering her there earlier, but was waiting patiently for our first session to be done. 
