 When I was a rookie, back in the late 60's, female cops were not something most departments wanted to take a chance on. Too many risks in the wholly chauvinistic world of New Jersey law enforcement. The closest most departments like ours had was matrons; part-time, on call women who would come in when asked to strip search a female prisoner or provide transportation to the county jail with women who were locked up. Principally, the idea was to verify that male officers did not molest the female prisoners. But, the concept of sworn female officers on regular patrol was out of the question. Believe it or not, one of the arguments against female cops was the notion that they would be hanging panty hose in the locker room to the discomfort of the men.

All that changed in the mid to late seventies when a municipality two towns over from where I worked hired Jane Kelly as a regular street cop. Were they insane!? How could she do the work of a man? River Bridge P.D. was looking for trouble. I never gave it much thought. Even though River Bridge was just a short distance from my beat, I rarely had occasion to interact with them. Months went by and the novelty appeared to wear off as Jane performed her duties well and she gained acceptance among the forty men who served with her. Cops love to gossip and Jane ceased being a subject of their curiosity.

At the time, I was the senior of a group of three detectives. Part of my job was preparing case files for the grand jury. Every Thursday, I would take a ride down to the County Seat in the morning to testify and then head to the Prosecutor's Office to deliver new files. The Grand Jury consists of 21 citizens who hear testimony about a case to determine if a crime occurred and if it did, that the person charged could reasonably be suspected of having committed it. If a majority agrees, they issue a bill of indictment and the defendant is held over for trial. Testimony is straight forward. Only the prosecution is heard, so there is no participation by the defense; that all comes later. 

I had already testified before the Grand Jury numerous times, so on this particular day, I was anticipating no problems. For me, it was quite routine. Or so I thought.

I arrived at nine o'clock on the dot and took a seat on an ancient oak bench in the waiting room that made a creaking sound every time you moved. I was to testify about a burglary and an armed robbery. The two crimes were not related in any way and a total of three defendants had been arrested. My actual testimony would take perhaps twenty minutes. But, I had learned early on, that the call to testify could be early or late and that it was wise to bring a puzzle or something to read to kill the waiting time. This time, I was working on a crossword puzzle.

A few minutes after I sat down, I noticed a woman appearing in the waiting area. She stopped to speak to the attendant, who appeared to check off her name on the list he had on his clipboard as he motioned for her to sit down on the old bench. She sat right next to me, appearing quite nervous. She was pleasant looking,mid to late 20's, around 5'7" tall, with strawberry blonde hair and beautiful green eyes. She wore a dark blue pants suit with a white button-down blouse. She wore a gold stick pin-which were quite popular at the time-in the lapel of her suit jacket.

I nodded to her in recognition of her arrival and she smiled tentatively. She opened a briefcase and took out a file and began to review it. I figured she was a witness to a crime and had never been called upon to testify in any kind of official proceeding before. I went back to my puzzle.

"Is this your first time?," she asked as I was trying to think of a seven letter word for an African cat.

"At what?," I replied as I looked up with a smile on my face.

"Testifying before the grand jury," she said seriously.

"No, I'm down here nearly every Thursday," I explained. "Why, is it your first time? I can see you're a little nervous."

"It is my first time and I am a little nervous."

"Don't be, it's simple. Are you a witness to a crime?"

"Sort of. It's a fatal motor vehicle accident and I charged the drunk driver with vehicular homicide."

All of a sudden it clicked. This was Jane Kelly. I quickly introduced myself. Then, I gave her the scoop on what was going to happen when she went in to testify. She seemed relieved to have had the info and appeared more relaxed about what lay ahead of her. I was called in to testify first. I winked at her as I stood to go into the hearing room. She smiled. Fifteen minutes later, I was finished and I sat down next to Jane to give her the final pep talk. Then, they called her in to testify.

"Wait for me. I have something I want to talk to you about."

Ten minutes later Jane came back to the bench. "You were right. It was a piece of cake. Thanks for all the help."

"Glad to do it."

"Hey, why don't we head over to the diner for breakfast, my treat?" It was hard to resist.

"I have to drop a file off at intake first, but I can meet you there in half an hour."

"It's a date."

I pulled into the parking lot of the diner and there was Jane, waiting for me. We went in and the owner seated us way in the back, away from all the other customers. We ordered. The waitress, a wise-cracking old pro named Ginnie, brought us coffee immediately. As I was pouring the cream in my coffee, I noticed that Jane had unbuttoned at least two buttons of her white blouse, giving me a glimpse of what promised to be a pair of delightful boobs. She caught me looking and giggled, without directly saying anything.

We sat there for a while talking shop and before long, the lunch crowd began drifting in. We spent nearly two hours getting to know each other and I had to admit, I liked her. I told her I had to get back to the office, but that I'd like to see her again. She told me she was working midnights tonight but that she'd be off at 7:00 am. "Why don't you swing by my place at nine. My son will be in school by then and I'll be needing a shower. Maybe you could take one with me!" Holy shit! That was pretty direct.

"I think I can work a shower into my schedule," I said, thinking I would need to take the morning off. I quickly scribbled down her address and home phone number and promised to call just before I arrived. We hugged good bye in the parking lot and went off in our separate directions. By the time I got to work, my cock was throbbing at the prospect of fucking this very attractive cop. The day was a busy one; time flew by. By dinner time, I was heading home for a night of relaxation in front of the TV wearing my usual home uniform: Boxers and a T-shirt. My dinner consisted of a sardine sandwich with tomato on a hoagy roll that was so sloppy, I had to eat it while standing over the sink. I washed it down with a glass of nice Italian wine. As I often did, I fell asleep on my recliner watching a ball game. I woke up in the middle of the night and adjourned to my bed, where I developed three quarters of a hardon, thinking about what I hoped to be doing a few short hours hence, before falling asleep.

Morning came and I got ready to visit Jane. She lived ten miles or so from my apartment. I gave myself a half hour to make the trip, allowing for rush hour traffic. I called her, as promised, from a phone booth at a 7-11 a few blocks away. She told me she just took her son to school and that she was ready for the shower. "I'll leave the door open for you. Come right in." My meat was throbbing with anticipation. It only took a couple of minutes to find her place. I parked right in front of her door, which was ajar, as expected. I peaked in and called out her name. Nothing. So, I entered and called louder.

"I'm in the shower," she yelled. "Come on in." I quickly found the bathroom and sure enough, Jane was already in the shower. I opened the curtain as she was shampooing her hair. She was quite a sight to behold; a wonderful round ass, nice pair of tits, not too big, not too small. Slender waist with very athletic-looking legs. She rinsed the soap from her eyes and told me: "Don't be shy, c'mon in and join me." She didn't have to ask twice. I was naked in a flash and stepping in the shower for the beginning of one of the best first dates of all time. "I thought you were kidding about the shower. I hoped you weren't but I thought you were."

"One of the things I never kid about is naked men," she laughed "and I always figure the quickest way to get you naked is to be naked too and ask you to join me."

Now, who could argue with that logic?

Jane rinsed the shampoo out of her hair, an act which I never thought of as sexy before, but, on this day, it was very sexy. Jane made it sexy. Twenty four hours earlier, we were strangers waiting to testify; now we were naked together. I consider that right neighborly.

Jane turned to face me and put her arms around my neck, my cock poking her in the abdomen. She pulled me tight to her and her magnificent boobs pressed against me tightly. I reached around her and grabbed her ass. Jane was perhaps seven years my junior and she had wonderful muscle tone and lovely soft, moist skin. We hugged briefly, my cock enjoying the pleasure of her soft belly. "Oooh, he feels good, rubbing against me-hard and strong."

"I can attest to the hardness, that's for sure. He feels like he's going to explode."

"I can guarantee that," she said. "Probably more than once." I was quivering with anticipation as she reached down to play with me. She made an O of her thumb and forefinger and placed my cock in it, beginning a slow rhythmic stroking action. My knees got weak and my eyes rolled back in my head as she pleasured me. I hadn't even been here fifteen minutes and I was already breathing heavy, almost unable to speak.

The water cascaded down on us relentlessly as she continued to work my cock. Jane was an artist at her craft and I could easily have cum anytime, but I wanted it to last, so I turned us around, so the water was coming down on my back. I lifted her leg so that the foot rested on the tub rim, giving me total access to her neatly trimmed pussy. I sucked her pink nipples for a few moments while working my fingers into and around her pussy. I tested her readiness by inserting two fingers into her. She was drenched. I used her juices to lubricate her clit, which was erect and throbbing; a tinier version of my own equipment. I flicked it and rubbed it until she let out an audible moan. Her hips began to undulate as I brought her near the first of many climaxes. Before long, her grasp on my cock got quite firm as I could tell she was cumming. She gurgled as she came. Then she went somewhat limp, putting her arms around my neck again and hugging me tight.

"Wow, that was nice. I always love to cum while I'm standing. But, then, I like to cum when I'm lying down or sitting, too." With that, Jane sat on the edge of the tub and again took my cock in hand, bringing it to her lips. She began by licking the head and shaft all over. She continued stroking as she licked. It was wonderful.

"I'm going to suck you until you cum, but I want you to let me know when, because I want you to cum on my tits. Is it a deal?" Jane was fond of asking stupid questions. I nodded and within a minute she had me on the brink. Then, she let me relax again. Then she brought me back to the edge. After three or four of these cycles, I was practically begging for release. My balls ached. I told her she was torturing me.

"Don't worry, Sugar, you're about to take that ride to heaven. Brace yourself."

I couldn't believe what she made me feel. She sucked me hard and fast, but this time, didn't stop. I gave her the sign that I was cumming and she aimed my cock first at her heaving tits, then at her face. I came like it was the first time in a year. Eight or nine spurts, followed by seemingly endless dribbling. Jane was coated in cum and I was drained. She had cum dripping off her chin and off her tits. It was amazing. Then she stood up and again changed places with me to access the shower. She rinsed off and we spent a couple of minutes soaping each other up, then rinsing off. I fondled every glorious inch of her. I was afraid, I would never be able to cum again that day, but before we turned the water off and reached for our towels, my little friend was getting interested again. We dried off and walked into Jane's bedroom, which was clean and tastefully furnished, unlike mine, which was simply furnished. Jane had a full sized bed, a dresser and a tub chair with a fabric that matched the bedspread. At the foot of the bed was an oscillating fan, that provided welcome relief from the still, humid air.

It was only 9:45 am. I was completely relaxed as we lay side by side on our backs on the bed. I was enjoying the unobstructed view of Jane's beautiful body. I put a pillow under my head so as to take it all in. She was among the sexiest women I had ever seen in my life. It is not an exaggeration to say that she could easily have been a successful nude model. I allowed the fan to cool me off as I enjoyed the view. My cock lay limp on my leg. I closed my eyes and dozed for several minutes as we both enjoyed the afterglow of our shower sex.

Jane rolled over toward me and put her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her and we lay like that for a few more minutes. She reached for my flaccid cock. "Did I kill him," she joked. "Nope, just put him to sleep for a bit. Try waking him up." 

"I think I can handle that," she said as she began sucking on it. "I love the feeling of a soft cock getting hard in my mouth." And, it wasn't long before it was hard again and raring to go. I slid off the bed and kneeled on the rug between Jane's legs. I spread her lips apart and began licking and sucking on her clit. She was immediately in tune with the program, grabbing my head and pulling me to her. She gave me instructions to do it "hard and fast." I put my tongue into high gear and within minutes, Jane was moving her hips in sync with my strokes. I was tireless and no matter how fast her hips rotated, my tongue went faster. Within minutes, her breathing was labored and she began moaning again, as before. She came and hard. As she did, she wrapped her legs around my neck, almost in a death grip. Her orgasm seemed to last forever before she went limp and collapsed on the bed, grinning broadly. I got back up on the bed and toyed with her pussy again for a brief time as she returned to normal. 

"You know, I could get to like that," she told me with a big smile on her face. "Glad to be of service ma'am."

We lay there again for a few more minutes. I played with her nipples, giving her what she referred to as a THO (titty hard on), then allowing them to relax before doing it again. She played with my balls gently. My cock stiffened again and she began to play with it again. "I think I owe you one." Jane directed me to sit in the tub chair and she now assumed the position between my legs. Jane was an expert cock stroker. I have always loved hand jobs, so I was very content letting her stroke it forever. She stroked it for some time, never overlooking my balls, which she petted and even sucked gently. Jane made sure her tits had plenty of sensual contact with my legs as she ministered my cock. "I have always been fascinated by cocks. When I was a little girl, I remember seeing my brother's and thinking how strange it must be to have one. Now that I'm a grown woman, I am constantly wondering what the next one will look like and feel like. I no longer wonder what it would be like to have one, but I sure like using the ones I come across." Jane was a philosopher of the human condition. I have to say, she did seem to enjoy looking at mine while she was playing with it. And, I was more than happy to let her. Jane gave great hand.

Jane also gave great head and after playing with my cock for a while she decided to suck on it. She rose up on her knees and began sucking my cock while stroking it with one hand, while the other was busy playing with my balls. In an instant, I was ready to cum again, but Jane decided to prolong my orgasm; to stretch out the pleasure once again. She could tell that I enjoyed watching my cock go in and out of her mouth, so she positioned herself to allow me a maximum view. Her upstroke was a thing of beauty, stopping only when she reached the ridge under the head. The downstroke was a thing of enormous passion, her tongue blasting my cock with wet, warm pleasure. She drove my cock into the back of her throat with great ease. After starting slow, she built up speed until she was almost out of control. She was sucking my cock like a machine. 

"Cum in my mouth."

"Cum in my mouth."

She said it twice without missing a beat. I exploded, filling her mouth with my stuff. She never stopped, swallowing every drop. It was exquisite. I fired off at least eight volleys of cum into her throat from one of the most unforgettable orgasms of my life. Jane kept sucking until my cock went soft again, reminding me of a tire having a blowout at 75 mph. She tongued me for a few seconds after the act was clearly done, licking off any remaining love juice. Then, she rested her head on my thigh, caressing my well-satisfied balls. I was incapable of movement. I could only sit there, recovering. I looked at the clock. It was 11:25. I was due back in the office at noon. I summoned up every ounce of strength I could command and stood up. "I have to take another shower and get to work."

"Want me to wash your cock?" Amazingly, I had to decline the offer, though I had Jan stand outside the shower as I cleansed off the remnants of a wonderful sex filled date. She was standing there, gloriously naked, as I toweled off.

Jane made me promise not to spread the news of our date to anyone in the law enforcement community. In her own department, she had to play it straight or she'd lose all her credibility. As a pioneer female office, that made sense for her. I was just thankful I wasn't on her job.

I told Jane as I was kissing her goodbye at the door, that I would love to see her again. We made a date for another shower the following week. She pushed me out the door and said, "Next time, maybe we should actually give some thought to fucking.!" Only then did I realize that this very satisfying sexual encounter began and ended without my cock being in her pussy for even a minute. She damn near killed me and I never even got to fuck her.

That one shortcoming was corrected the following week when Jane and I had our second "date." But, that's for another story. This one ends here with me having great sex with a cop but not fucking her.

*

Love to hear your comments. This, as all my stories, is a true one.