 My summer in Alaska was turning out to be quite an adventure. I caught a 126 lb. Pacific Halibut, went bear hunting, learned how to fly fish, and had amazing sex just about every night with either Mike or Neil (and sometimes both!). I had been hired as a fisheries technician at a remote salmon hatchery, and in the gender minority, found myself surrounded by attractive men. Three in particular were Mike, Neil, and Rob.

With my charming personality and curvy body I quickly gained the attention of tall, muscular Mike and lean, rugged Neil. They were best friends, of course. Luckily, both men were pretty easy going about the whole three-way affair, although Mike became somewhat jealous when I spent time alone with Neil. 

I had to admit, Neil was a better lover. He was sure of himself and had a firm hand with me while we made love. Our passion could be harvested and sold by the pint, it was that intense. Also, Neil was up for it anytime, anywhere; for instance the women's shower stall.

Mike had his strong points too though; he had a larger cock and was better at cuddling and snuggling than Neil. When I wanted to pout on someone's shoulder, be babied, and held tight, I would turn to Mike. He was a good listener; quiet yet kind. We would make love slowly in his bed just staring into each other's eyes until I would become multi-orgasmic. 

When all three of us got together the sex was mind-blowing. We tried every position from finger-cuffs to double-penetration. We often had sex on the dock up at the Lake. They learned to share me, and didn't mind sloppy seconds. Neil seemed to relish it the most, actually. I loved the attention from both men, although I missed my boyfriend back home in San Diego. 

My boyfriend Greg had agreed to my suggestion of an open relationship on one condition; I had to tell him all the naughty details by phone as he masturbated. This task was highly arousing for me; not only could I hear the shock and delight in his voice as I described my manage trios trysts, but the only telephone was in the Manager's office. The possibility of getting caught during the act of phone sex with Greg just added fuel to the fire. Not only could the manager walk in on me, but any of the other employees as well. I would usually wear a short skirt without undergarments for my torrid phone calls, incase I also needed to stroke my genitals. I loved to hear Greg grunt and groan during his orgasm.

A few times while on the phone with Greg, I was caught by Rob, the manager, with my hands between my legs sitting in his office chair. Every time, I tried to play it off like I was adjusting my skirt. Rob being a gentleman either pretended not to notice, or was completely naive to my wandering fingers. I doubted the latter however; Rob was no dummy.

I had to give Rob credit; for an older guy he had an amazing body. At first I assumed he was chubby because his chest was like a barrel. He perpetually wore a faded sweatshirt that hid his muscular physique. I finally realized he was a weight-lifter when I ran into him at our small gym. Jar-heads and muscle men usually don't do it for me, but the first time I was him shirtless, I couldn't tear my eyes away from his impressive biceps and sculpted pectorals. His body was that of a Roman God, well, except he was bald and rather short. 

Rob was very similar to my own height; I suspected close to 5'7". But his large frame, light step, and jovial humor made him appear taller. He possessed a commanding presence; and he was an excellent manager. Everyone loved him. Rob loved to tease and joke around, but he knew the boundaries not to cross. He had attractive blue eyes and a warm face; I liked him immediately.

I decided to flirt with him a few times to see what his reaction would be. I was surprised to find him a bit shy and taken aback each time I did this. It made me feel guilty and ashamed to hit on someone who saw me as only an employee, a liability, and not as a sexual being. Whenever I would flirt with him he would just blush and change the subject, or joke with me before walking away. Honestly, Mike and Neil kept me so busy I never had much time to ponder Rob's actions.

He didn't seem to mind me staring at him in the gym, though. His body was amazing. I often wondered why he was held up in the middle of nowhere with no one to show off that body to, when he should be flexing it on Muscle Beach, California. In fact, the men loved to joke around that Rob's tits rivaled my own in size! 

Today was no different from any other day off; I sunbathed at the Lake, got pounded by Neil and Mike in turn, and decided to lift some weights before taking a shower. I was not surprised to see Rob running on the treadmill when I walked into the gym. He was listening to his iPod and breathing hard, but managed to shoot me a sincere smile through his thick beard. I loved the way his dirty-blonde facial hair moved around on his face when he smiled widely. I knew there were dimples under there somewhere.

I decided to skip the cardiovascular work-out; I did that earlier when Neil bounced me on his lap. Then Mike and I fucked doggie-style up against the desk in his room. Both men had unloaded inside of me so I was in desperate need of a shower. I just wanted to do some quick sets before bathing. 

Without looking over to Rob, I approached the free-weights and bench. I started with some easy bicep moves and then moved to flys. I noticed that Rob would glance over at me every few seconds to study my form. I was extra-careful to maintain my posture since I knew he was watching me. A few times our gazes met but then darted away quickly. 

I sat down on the bench and moved a larger weight over my head to work my triceps. Rob had finished jogging and toweled off a few feet away from me. He removed his orange tank-top by pulling it over his head and baring his taunt abdominals. When he turned away from me I studied his wide lats, the trapezius bulging at the back of his neck, and his large deltoids bubbling at the tops of his shoulders. He turned around abruptly and caught me staring.

"Hey, let me help you; you're going to hurt your back if you keep arching it like that," he said. He approached me from the right and placed his hand on my lower back. "Here; try not to arch it. Focus on bringing your belly-button to your spine."

"Okay..." I tried to do as he asked. It was difficult to concentrate as his hot flesh touched mine.

"That's better. Now, keep your elbows right next to your ears. Exhale when you bring the weights up...good."

I exhaled suddenly when his arm brushed up against my breast by accident. With one hand on my lower back, and one holding my elbows in, his bare arm grazed the side of my breast as I went through the motion. Goosebumps popped out on my flesh and the hair on the back of my neck stood up. I became vaguely aware of moisture and the dull thud of arousal in the depths of my womanhood.

I couldn't help it, but I became very aroused sitting next to Rob. His hands gripped me gently; they were thick like bear paws. I could feel the heat radiating from his sweaty body as he stood behind me. I could actually feel his breath on the back of my neck, softly cooling my own perspiration that formed there. 

My voice cracked lightly, "...you sure know what you are doing."

"We'll it's one of my serious hobbies. I love to challenge my body."

"I...I can tell. I mean, you have a nice body. Um, it's obvious you spend a lot of time in here," I stammered.

I could tell he was smiling behind me. "Probably too much time; the gym is my girlfriend."

I laughed, "Does that mean I should wipe the benches before I sit down? Make sure there's no Essence d'Rob?" 

He chuckled, "Ummm no, I don't love it THAT much." He was blushing again. I could feel the extra heat radiating off of him.

"Why don't you have a girlfriend, Rob?" I asked.

"...Oh geez, I dunno. I don't think I am THAT picky. Being out here in the boonies makes it difficult to meet the right girl. I try to hire as many females as possible, but then they just leave at the end of the summer. I guess I am afraid to hit on seasonals too...um...because I am the boss and I could get into trouble with that."

"Yeah, but you are allowed to date females who are working for this company too, right?" I inquired.

"Oh yeah, they know people have needs; they don't frown on it. We all live and work in the same place, so it is impossible to keep co-workers from dating each other."

"Yeah, true."

"But if the seasonal were to complain, you know, if...she...didn't feel the same way about me as...um...I did her...then it could get complicated," he explained. I could tell he was talking about me. His voice was shaking a bit.

"I see..." I said. "What do you look for in a girl?"

Rob took the weights from my hands since I had finished my third set of reps. Without telling me what to do, he moved me into a crouching row. I knew the exercise, so I moved right into it. He placed his hands on my upper arm to steady it. 

When we had the positioning down and I began my set, he continued the conversation.

"Um, I like a girl who is active and works out a lot. But I would have to say personality and sense of humor are more important. The girl could be hot as hell but if her personality sucks and she isn't witty, then how are you gonna spend time with her and keep a straight face?"

"Well, physically; what features do you like?"

Rob laughed a bit nervously, "...normal-colored hair is nice." He was referring to my pink hair. I had dyed it before I came to Alaska. 

"Ha ha; so funny. Seriously..."

"Mmm, light eyes. Freckles are cute. Definitely into legs and butts."

"What about boobs? Don't you like big boobs?" I asked a bit accusingly.

"Of course, but they don't have to be huge. And fake ones are just gross."

"What about mine; are they too big?" I asked innocently. I have all natural 36DDs.

"Um, no they're...nice. I guess I am not used to seeing big ones on a girl," he said looking down. I could tell I had embarrassed him. It was fun.

"You've never seen them this big before?!" I asked shocked.

Rob countered, "Well, sure, in movies. But all my girlfriends have had little handfuls."

"Ohh."

"I'm not even sure I'd know what to do with some that big," he joked, pointing to mine.

I contemplated just asking him if he would like to see them. I wanted him to play with them, but I was a bit nervous. He was my boss after all. I felt my big nipples straining against the fabric of my sports bra. They were hard and excited. Sometimes they are visible standing out through two bras and a shirt; I wondered if Rob could see them now. 

A moment of silence followed and it was obvious what we were both thinking about. I continued my flirting.

"It seems as if most men are into big boobs. I wonder if it's because of being breast-fed or just our pop culture."

Rob interrupted, "–No, I think it's just because women have them and men don't."

"Most men don't," I said and squeezed one of his pecs teasingly. "Hey now, that's sexual harassment," he winked at me.

"What are you gonna do about it, fire me?" I joked.

He hesitated for a second and stared into my eyes with his sweet blue ones. "Well, you touched mine; I think I get to touch yours." There was a wicked smile on his face as he scanned my expression for a reaction. I noticed him blush under his thick beard.

I smiled at him. "You wanna see them?" 

Rob nodded quietly and glanced towards the door. 

I stood in front of him and pulled my T-shirt over my head. I was wearing a black Nike sports bra. His full attention was on me, so I lifted my bra and let my soft mountains of flesh dangle free. They were like large pendulums and rocked into each other, bouncing around. The nipples are soft peach-pink with bright crimson-colored nipples. The areolas are quite large and dimpled like rosettes. They have the ability to hypnotize any man, which is just what they did to Rob. 

I thought drool would escape the side of his mouth as he stared hungrily at my tit-flesh on display. I moved my body a few inches closer and raised my hands up to cup each breast in hand. I pushed them together sensually until the line of cleavage disappeared up into my bra. Annoyed with the garment, I pulled it over my head.

Rob said nothing and just gazed into the white globes as I tugged on my own nipples and smiled sweetly at him. I tugged them quite roughly away from my body until the nipples were fully aroused; puckered, engorged, reddened. I had faint tan lines from my string bikini.

I broke the spell by asking him, "I thought you wanted to touch them?"

In an instant he was next to me pressing his sweat-sticky body up against mine. One tit rested against his hard bare chest while he tentatively cupped the other in his thick palm. Rob squeezed the left one ever-so-gently and made me gasp for more. He ran his thumb back and forth across the rubbery teat until I neared delirium. 

"It makes my knees weak when you do that," I confessed in my sultriest voice possible.

Rob took a seat on the black vinyl work-out bench and pulled me down to straddle his lap. His extremely thick muscular thighs made it difficult for me to straddle him. His lap was simply immense. I moved around until I found a comfortable spot on top of his hard body and lowered down. It was impossible to miss his erection poking up into me. 

"May I?" he asked, his face close to my bare tits. I nodded affirmation and he lowered his face into my cleavage. He sniffed my skin and slowly opened his mouth to accept one large nipple. Rob sucked very gently, much like a nursing infant, and closed his eyes too. 

I began to squirm on his lap in frustration, hoping he would suck more flesh into his mouth or use more pressure. He snaked one hand that was resting on my leg around my waist to hold me tight. He was so powerful, I gasped out loud in surprise. If such a strong man could rough me up, I knew I would die of happiness.

I moaned and sighed my approval and tried to squirm some more.

"...they...are...absolutely...perfect...mmm...lovely..." he complimented between sucks. 

Rob moved his mouth to my other tit and continued to nurse. He pushed my breasts together creating a large cleavage furrow, which he admired before sniffing. He must like the aroma of the first hint of a female perspiration, I thought. Pheromones do their trick! 

The whole time I sat on his lap, his cock strained against the fabric of his sweatpants and my lycra shorts. If those two pieces of material were not an obstacle, his rigid boner would be parting the folds of my sloppy cum-filled cunt. What was left of Neil's and Mike's cum was probably dripping onto my shorts by now. I wasn't wearing any panties. I couldn't believe that my insatiable pussy wanted more. Three cocks in one evening?

I reluctantly moved my body from Rob's lap and stood in front of him. He wiped some spittle from his chin and stared at me with intense need. I wasn't sure he would approve of my sloppy cunt, or if he would be able to tell that it was filled with other men's semen for that matter, but I was afraid of him finding out. So I offered him the next best thing.

"Would you like a tittie-fuck?" I asked.

His expression went blank for a millisecond before a lewd smirk covered his face. "Yeah, I would love one. Never done it."

With my graceful hand on his, I led him away from the bench so I could lie down on it. "I have some lotion in my bag," I said pointing to it. Rob grabbed it up off the floor and unzipped it. He rooted around in it for a moment before handing it to me. I located it easily and tossed the bag to the side. It was honey-almond scented hand-cream, very thick and smooth. 

Rob watched in amazement and I squirted some into my palm and heated it between my fingers before applying the peach-colored cream to my breasts. I started with the nipples, coating each one in turn, before moving outwards in concentric circles. Before long, my entire chest was slick and shiny, and a few shades lighter due to the color of the cream. 

I lowered myself down to the bench, my pink hair cascading on either side of the seat. My tits "pan-caked" seductively on my chest, but were firm and youthful enough to stick up into the air as well. I pushed on either side of my globes creating a cavern as deep as any pussy. Rob continued to stare in astonishment at his goal line. 

He was so mesmerized, he forgot to undress. 

"Um, it works better if you take your pants off, Rob," I commented. 

"–Oh yeah, I know," he stammered and quickly removed his sweatpants. His boxer-briefs went with his pants, and only his thick pink cock was left to point in my direction. It was not exceptionally long, but he was trimmed, well groomed, and circumcised. I knew his cock would look lovely nestled between my boobs. 

He approached me and straddled my chest. The bench was at the perfect height to allow him to stand over me. Rob spit into his palm and rubbed the natural lubrication onto the length of his dick, stroking it leisurely. I allowed my breasts to fall apart until the creamy skin of my sternum could be seen. Instinctively, Rob placed his scalding hot boner between my tits and let me press them tightly around him. I pressed firmly until my puffy nipples puckered once again. My chest was flushed with a glowing pink hue. 

Rob groaned deep in his throat as he realized what a treat was in store for him. He began to move his hips back and forth in a steady rhythm. He let his head fall back in pleasure as he groaned towards the ceiling. With each thrust, his cockhead threatened to erupt from the anterior section of my cleavage, but the furrow was so deep that my tits almost completely hid his member. Rob angled his body and pressed forward until his spongy pink cockhead finally appeared. It butted against my chin.

I could feel his smooth hairless thighs against the softness of my torso. I stared up into his sky-blue eyes, then moved my gaze down his body to admire his hairless chest, taunt six-pack abs, and defined oblique muscles. God, he was attractive! His hard toned body looked sexy next to my soft curvy one.

Rob's warm length felt wonderful between my tits and he moved his hands to play with my sensitive nipples. He toyed gently with them at first until my urgent groans prompted him to pinch roughly until my head thrashed from side to side. As his treatment of my breasts became steadily rougher, the dirtier were the words that escaped my mouth. 

"Oh yeah, you like to fuck those big titties? Oh Baby, pinch my nipples; make them sore!" 

"Oh Janie, I love these things!" Rob said referring to my breasts. 

He placed his hands over my own and helped me make the tightest cavern possible. He groaned louder with an urgency I knew meant he wouldn't last much longer. Rob slammed into my chest about ten more times before hissing and moaning in sheer bliss.

"Oh fuck, oh God, I'm cumming!" he announced. He continued to piston against my flesh as he climaxed. The whitish-clear liquid pumped out steadily, but Rob kept thrusting until his semen added to the lubrication and was rubbed into my skin. He collapsed forward into the wall, and took his time removing his sticky body from my own. 

I sat up half-way and leaned against the wall. My breasts tingled from the lack of stimulus when there had previously been so much. It took a moment for me to register that Rob had crouched between my legs and was tugging at my exercise shorts. He pulled them down to my ankles in one swift movement, exposing my hairy mound. I shave the sides of my pussy and trim the hair so it is neatly groomed. The whole area was sticky and puffy. I could smell my own sodden cunt. 

All along he had been such a gentleman, but now he was like a man possessed. Rob moved closer to get a sniff. He moved his face down between my legs and held me at the knees, spread open. My pussy was flushed and wet, how it usually is when two men are battling for its attention. Rob was the third. 
