 I was still lying on the bed when J came back into the room from her shower. I was still naked and my cock was still rock hard. "Goddamn, does that thing ever go limp?" she asked.

"Not if there's pussy around that I want to fuck," I told her.

"Can you wait until this afternoon?" she asked, then said, "I just got clean, plus I'm still pretty sore. I'll take some pills and be ready for this afternoon."

"Since you're my girlfriend now, would you mind trying something?" I asked.

"What?" she asked, getting dressed, "I need to get ready, and you should probably go. I pissed my roommate off last night and you don't need to hear about it."

"Come over here," I said, holding my hand out.

"What?" She asked, walking to the edge of the bed.

I pulled her down with me. She was wearing a bra, a tight shirt, and a pair of boy-shorts. I got her to the middle of the bed, spread her legs, got between them and started pulling her panties off. She resisted a little. "What are you doing? I'm clean and I need to get ready." She said.

"Trust me, this won't take long, I promise," I said.

"Ok, what?" she asked, letting me take her panties off and spreading her legs again.

"Play with your pussy, spread it open and talk dirty like you did last night while I jerk off," I said.

I was on my knees, I leaned back and grabbed my cock. J spread her pussy open and said, " You like rubbing your cock while watching me play with my tiny pussy?"

"That's it," I said.

"Fuck that," she said, sitting up, "I've got a better idea."

She sat up, moved her ass back a little, grabbed my hands and pulled them away from my cock and balls, then dove down on my dick. She took my entire cock in her mouth and sucked hard. When she finally lifted her head there was a pop. "I haven't brushed my teeth yet, so here's the deal. You cum and go, deal? I was going to save this for this evening, but you're insatiable. I don't have a gag reflex, so I'll suck you off, you can cum in my throat. I won't use any hands, and you don't use any hands. But then you gotta leave as soon as you cum, deal?" she asked.

"Sure. You don't want me to hold your hair?" I asked.

J held my hands, interlacing our fingers. Then she leaned forward and started sucking my cock. After about nine good strokes she raised and said, "I love the way my pussy tastes," then went back down on me.

If she only knew I thought.

She started to get into it, deep-throating my cock and keep keeping it in her throat. Her hair was a mess, when she wasn't all the way down on me she looked like she was headbanging. How she was breathing was beyond me. Then she started humming. That did it. I tried to move my hands to grab her head, but she just held my hands where they were. "I'm gonna cum," I told her.

"Mmm... Hmm..." she replied, sucking up and down a few more times before going all the way down on my shaft and touching her nose to my stomach.

Her timing was perfect I fired off another big load, straight down her throat. On the third pump, she choked a little, but caught herself and sucked the fourth one down. She kept her mouth tight around my cock until it stopped twitching and started going limp. She let go of my hands and pulled her hair back. Her face was a mess, her eyes were watering and her nose was running. She looked over at the clock, "I've still got it," she said, "less than three minutes."

She reached over and grabbed a t-shirt from a box by the bed and wiped her face off. Once her face was clean she started to kiss me. She reached down and grabbed my semi-hard cock. I reached between her legs and started to finger her pussy. Her Pussy was so wet it had leaked onto her thighs. We sat there kissing and feeling each other until my cock went limp. "You good now?" she asked.

"Yeah, I think my balls are empty," I said.

"I hope so," she replied, getting up and drying her thighs and pussy off with the t-shirt before throwing it into the dirty clothes, "I don't want to worry about you fucking someone else."

"That was an incredible blow-job. Thank you," I said.

"Don't thank me, it's what girlfriends do," she said.

"How did you get so good? Practice?" I asked, getting up to get dressed.

"You're amazing," she said excitedly, "you like knowing I'm a slut, and you're only the third guy to kiss me after blowing a load in my throat or mouth, and your cock is huge! I'm going to have fun with you. But to answer your question. Yes, practice. I've blown about two-hundred men or so. Again, though, don't worry, almost all of them wore condoms, which tastes horrible, and only seven men have ever blown in my mouth."

"I can't wait until this afternoon," I said, as I finished tying my shoes.

"Me too," she said, opening her door and checking the hallway, "Now get outta here before my roommate sees you. I gotta brush my teeth and wash my face then I'm right behind you."

As I walked by her I gave her a kiss, she patted my ass and said, "Go, have a good day, I'll text you."

"Ok, you too," I replied.

Her roommate was in the driveway about to get in her car when I walked outside. As I walked by she said, "I didn't shower this morning after you fucked me. Your cum is still in me. Every time I piss at work today I'll smell you and think of you while I touch my clit."

"I'll be back tonight," I told her, "next time you won't get off so easy."

"I always get off easy," she said and got into her car.