 The meeting proved to be quite boring with the exception of Vicki who seemed interested but rebuffed any of my advances although she did smile when she saw me staring at her huge melons. I thought to myself this would be a good excuse to return next week and work on this situation a little more.

When I got back to the apartment I saw a message from Janet and returned her call right away.

"How did your meeting go?" she asked.

"Okay, but I'm glad to be home. The moment I got in the door I started thinking about you and well you know," I replied

"I'll come over and I'll have a surprise for you," she responded." I think it will turn you on and you need something after the hospital and all."

"Does it have anything to do with your perfect pair," I hinted.

"It does and you'll just have to wait until I get over," she said.

"I can't wait until you come and I can taste those sweet melons again."

With that I hung up and decided to shower, shave, and really brush my teeth to get rid of any linger smell I might have. From now on my drinking is going to go underground and I needed to be very careful in my intake. Another trip to the hospital could be my last. I certainly wasn't ready to be looking up at the daisies.

As I showered I thought to myself how such a plain girl could have the magnificent tits that Janet had. I knew they were the best that I ever had and very quickly I had as powerful addiction to them as I also had with the booze and smoking. To further fuel the fire Janet also enjoyed it so much she would let me do whatever I wanted until her titties were sore from being rubbed, squeezed, massaged, and bitten.

I had not quite gotten finished when I heard the apartment door open and she was here. I stuck my head out of the bathroom door and told her I'd be out in a minute.

"Take your time Don," she replied, "I'll just clean the kitchen up a little bit."

As I stuck my head out the bathroom door I could see she had on a man's t- shirt and not only was it very revealing but it was very small by about two sizes and I could clearly see her hardened nipples through the fabric and the bottom of her incredible titties. This produced as you can imagine an almost instant erection for me. While she wouldn't admit it I think she knew exactly what she was doing. I came right up behind her while she was rinsing off the dishes and pushed my erection hard against her bottom and quickly slid my hands under the shirt and squeezed those ripe grapefruits that she was sexily displaying.

"Don you're going to have to wait for a couple of minutes while I get ready for you," she purred sexily, "It will be well worth the wait I promise."

I decided to wait and went over and plopped myself on the couch and watched while she went into the bathroom with something in a bag she had brought with her. As I sat and waited I was wondering what she had brought into the bathroom with her and I didn't have long to wait.

"Do you like what you see Don," she said with a sexy voice.

"I do, I do," I replied.

Her shirt now clung to her titties and you could see all of them. Her pink nipples had darkened slightly from the moisture and as inviting as they always were they were even more erotic looking. I didn't know if it was water or baby oil but as she slowly pulled her top over her titties I knew that I had to have them. After she had discarded the top I knew what the liquid was as she proceeded to squeeze out more honey from a bottle. She squirted in such a way that the honey was slowly dripping off of her nipples and her breasts could truly be called honey glazed.

"Want a taste? She said.

"And how," I replied

The second that my mouth touched one of her nipples her reaction was one of sexual desire and she moaned and pushed my face harder against one of her titties as I not only enjoyed the taste but the feel of her nipples in my mouth. Not only did I enjoy sucking one nipple and then the other I also got the sweet taste of honey. As I tried to fill my mouth with first one breast and then the other I could feel her nipples growing larger and much harder, like a pebble. I squeezed her melons together until her cleavage was so tight there was nothing but a thin line with veins enhancing them even further. Yes the titties were a bit sticky but I loved the process of being able to lick all of the honey off from the bottom to the top of her cleavage. It made me rock hard and I was dying to get my cock between them, fuck them over and over nice and slow and then spray my white cum all over her titties and face.

"Stick your fingers in my pussy and make me cum while you fuck my ripe melons. You do want to do that, don't you?" she said.

"I'll never get tired of fucking those beautiful mounds. Every day sometimes isn't enough. I could do it to you three times a day if you let me."

As she lay down on the couch the real fun began for me. As I sat on her my fingers went into her very warm pussy and Janet grabbed my cock and put it between her titties holding them together to make a channel for it to slide in between. As she moaned she squeezed even tighter and the honey stuck my cock in between them so while I couldn't really slide it back and forth and I couldn't see it either. The squeezing made the head of my cock even more sensitive and Janet was in absolute ecstasy.

"You're making me cum," she screamed, "I can't stand anymore."

I decided to temporarily take a breather and slid down to her pussy and began to use my tongue on her in place of my now very warm fingers. As I flicked my tongue back and forth on her clit she began squirming even more. Her womanly smell just made me go even faster and my cock began to ache for release. That however would have to wait as my efforts were on making Janet come over and over if possible and she absolutely did satisfying both of us. As I moved back up to hold her tight against my body her honey glazed breasts and nipples suddenly became stuck to my chest and looking down I could see the golden liquid filling her cleavage. I couldn't resist in shoving my now fully erect cock into her very wet pussy just to see if she was finished or if she had one more climax in her. She did and pushed herself even closer to me and began moaning.

"Fuck me more, Don," she screamed, "Fuck me harder."

As I continued the onslaught on her pussy I could feel her already hardened nipples become even harder and as much I wanted to suck on those beauties I knew that waiting was going to pay off for me if I could keep from exploding inside her and I was ready but Janet had already come again and I pulled out in time to enjoy some titty fucking.

I straddled Janet, gripped those luscious grapefruit size melons and began licking, sucking, and biting her hardened pink nipples which began to turn a shade of red as I continued with first one and then the other. Because of the honey her titties had it was hard to slide in her cleavage but just holding it in a position so that the head was just coming out and then squeezing them was heaven for me. Janet sensing what she thought was a problem grabbed my cock, gave it a couple of spits of saliva and began rotating her hand around the shaft.

"Do you want to come all over my titties or do you want me to swallow your cum in my mouth?" she asked. "I want to give you nothing but pleasure."

"Rub it on your honey glazed nipples and then rub it all over them," I replied.

"This beautiful cock is going to become a hose to spray them down real good," she said." I can't wait to feel that hot cum all over my big breasts."

"I'll spray you down real good," I replied.

She continued with her hand making sure I massaged all of the honey into her quivering beauties. The nipples were so hard I felt they were going to burst as she tried to shove the tips into my throbbing cockhead.

"Are you going to cum for me or do you want to wait and get hotter. I like it so much when you fuck my titties especially after you made me cum three times," she said.

"Cover the head of my cock with your titties and I'll explode in your cleavage but first rub it a little more on your nipples," I moaned back to her.

She continued with the nipple treatment and I could really feel how hard the tips were on the head of my cock. When she shoved my cock back into her cleavage and squeezed her mounds together with her hands I couldn't hold my cum back anymore and I let go with a large burst of the white cum which mostly stayed in the cleavage but some of it seeped through the top of the cleavage and ended up on her neck. I pulled it out of her cleavage and proceeded to paint each nipple with more cum even though some of it shot past and ended up on her chin which made her smile. She grabbed my cock with her hand and put it in her mouth and cleaned it up real good until it was sensitive enough that it couldn't be touched anymore.

"You really shot a huge load all over me. I guess my titties really turn you on. I hope you don't ever get tired of doing it because I like it as much as you do."

"I'll never get tired of fucking your titties. They're the most beautiful pair in the whole world."

With that she arched her back as I grabbed the camera and shot more pictures of her tits covered with white spots of cum and the cum mixed with the honey dripping off her nipples. She might be plain and not get the second and third looks that other women do but her tits made up for all of it. I'd never get enough and my mind was already at work trying to think of new ways to fuck them over and over. As we got into the shower together and each got to soap up the special parts I looked into her eyes and could see the devilish smile and a look of contentment. She knew how much she had satisfied me by being covered in cum yet again. 

As I soaped and then rinsed off her boobs I too had a feeling of satisfaction and couldn't wait for the next round to begin with us again. If you like to titty fuck find someone who likes it as well as you do and you can look forward to a lot of pleasure. The desire to drink and smoke had temporarily left my body and I was looking forward to sleeping with Janet. She liked to hold my head against her titties. As she said just in case I'd wake up and want more they'd be in my face to start biting. And that was exactly what we did. Thoughts of Janet getting sprayed by several guys or having her and another woman at the same time crossed my mind as we drifted into sleep. What would tomorrow bring...