 [This is a work of fiction. All events and characters are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.]

*

It had been one hell of a day. It was Christmas vacation and I was an eighteen year old, high school senior. And there I was, stuck in that fucking cafe, waitressing for more money to add to my college fund for next year! Everybody else was out cruising the mall, or something. Shit!

About everything that could go wrong that day, went wrong. I dropped a full pot of coffee on the floor in the morning. That was one shit load of glass and coffee to clean up. Just before noon, I burnt the fingers on my right hand when I tried to pick up a too hot bowl of soup for a customer. Then, in the afternoon, I accidentally short changed two different customers at the cash register and had my pedigree read loud enough by the second one for the whole cafe to hear. The fact that I am extremely attractive did not seem to help much, this time.

That second guy, of the two I short changed, just stormed out the door. He had no sooner left than I got a phone call from my asshole boyfriend that he could not pick me up at the end of my shift , which was less than ten minutes away, and I should look for another ride home! Shit! Another customer, sitting at the counter overheard my end of the phone call.

I had been talking to this customer about my day when I had to go to the register and shortchanged the second guy who had just left. After the phone call, I walked back to my listening post customer, almost in tears. In fact, I did start leaking a tear or two as I got back to him and he gave me his hanky and tried to soothe me.

Now this was one hunk of a specimen of the male animal. He looked to be late twenties, terribly handsome, blond, blue eyed, and "earthy!" He was well over six feet tall and sure knew how to charm a girl. I soothed easily! He said, "Not to worry, I can run you home, if you want." 

"Oh God, that sure would be great," I replied. "I need to go in back to clock out and get my coat, then I will be right back." 

I had a feeling about this guy, so I also stopped in the john and removed my bra and my panties and threw them in the trash can. I clocked out as I walked by the time clock and back out front to Dan. We walked out to his car and got in. It was a Porsche 911 (or so he told me, I wouldn't have known) and fire engine red. As Dan started the motor, I said, "Dan, my folks don't expect me home for a couple of hours. They knew my boyfriend was supposed to pick me up and we were going out shopping. I'm mad at him and horny as hell. Would you be interested in curing my horniness before you take me home?"

Well, he roared out of the parking lot onto Dart Avenue so fast, he snapped my head back into the head restraint on my seat! It was a good thing there was no snow or ice around yet! As he shifted gears, he said, "Where to, babe?" 

I replied, "There is a good motel about a mile further down this road that will do nicely." Since Dan's car was a manual floor shift with contour bucket seats, there was no snuggling or hand play (I could have saved the bra). Anyway, He was too busy driving in traffic and stoplights and we were securely belted in place. But, my pussy was getting wet in anticipation and my nipples ached. I could also detect a rather large bulge growing down the left trouser leg of Dan's pants. Little beads of sweat were starting to form on his forehead. He must have been in a hurry to get to the motel or he was showing off or both, because he burned rubber through three gear changes as he pulled away from all five stoplights we had to negotiate on our way. It is a good thing traffic was light, because by the time he up-shifted all the way, we were really moving.

When we got to the motel, Dan told me to wait in the car while he went in to register. When he came back out, we drove to the other end of the building as he said our room was just inside the rear door. Dan locked the car as we got out, grabbed a sack from the floor in back of his seat, and trooped into the motel to our room. With heavy winter coats on, there was no hanky panky again. The first thing I noticed on entering the room was the large four person jacuzzi! Oh man, this was going to be great. My boyfriend could never have afforded this kind of luxury, the jerk!

We hung up our coats and turned to face each other. Now, some of you might be thinking, "Boy, she sure jumped feet first into this without looking!" Well, not quite. Fucking was not new to me. My father ran off with the next door neighbor's wife when I was five. In addition to waitressing, mother slept around, a lot, usually for a fee to raise me and three brothers. I knew my oldest brother's adult site pass word and spent a lot of time on the web looking at porno sites starting in the seventh grade. 

I lost my cherry in the eighth grade to one of my classmates. He was so ignorant and naive, not to mention inept. I was a "cute doll" growing up. Once I hit puberty, I developed into a real bomb of a beauty and discovered that I had a full blown sex drive with a fixated interest in doing something about it. My tits seemed to grow overnight from nothing to gigantic and, of course, the boys noticed immediately. The rest of me was very nicely proportioned also and athletically fit from volleyball, soccer, and basketball participation in high school. That I am a talented athlete is evidenced by my playing varsity starting from my sophomore year in all three sports and that I received a full ride scholarship offer in all three sports from four different universities.

I also moved very quickly from the classmate who took my cherry to high school boys, as I looked much older than my true age, by at least two years. I still do. During the rest of my eighth grade year, I fucked ten different high school guys. I added ten more each of my first three high school years and got the resulting reputation. Class slut, round heels, pushover, easy lay, whore, nympho, etc. But I did not care, I LIKE TO FUCK! I LOVE TO FUCK, I ENJOY IT, I NEED IT! My so-called "boy friend," is merely a convenience of my senior year to have a guaranteed date for main school social functions. Mostly, he goes his way and I go mine, like tonight.

So, when the opportunity with Dan developed, I didn't hesitate, I went for it. Now, here Dan and I were, turning to face each other with the sexual tension as tight as a guitar string about to snap. We reached for each other at the same time. He embraced me with a tight hug and a passionate kiss. I had already reached for and grabbed onto the bulge in his pants and began squeezing it. 

Dan moved to place his arms around me and his hands on my ass cheeks, pulling me tight against his huge erection. His cock was sticking straight up against his belly and I ground my pussy into it as Dan kneaded and caressed my ass. I felt Dan slip his hands under the waist band of my slacks and begin to roam around on the bare flesh of my butt. My pussy was leaking more and more into the crotch of my slacks.

Dan was also kissing and nibbling on my neck and ears, first on one side and then on the other before he began kissing me on the lips. Mouths opened. Tongues entwined. We were licking and slurping in passionate French kissing as his hands worked their magic on my hot ass. I had his shirt open and was caressing his chest and nipples, tweaking his nipples to hard erection.

One of Dan's hands then crept between my legs and down my bare butt crack to my pussy, caressing up and down and getting thoroughly wet. He found my cunt hole and plunged his middle finger in to the hilt. I moaned and bucked harder against his hard-on. Dan slid my pants down and they dropped on the floor. His hand covered my pussy and squeezed. His middle finger again went into my cunt and began to tickle my G-Spot. I lost it then and moaned into my first orgasm of the night, squirting pussy juice all over Dan's hand and running it down the inside of my thighs. With his free hand, Dan removed my top and let my big tits hang out, exposed and tingling.

We broke apart gasping for air. I helped Dan out of his clothes and got my first good look at his cock. A solid seven incher with enough girth to keep any girl happy. Dan said, "Let me turn on the jacuzzi and then let's go over and sit down for a minute and have a drink. I brought some liquid refreshment in the sack." 

I said, "Ok, but not too much, I want to be fully conscious and enjoy the sex."

After one good drink, I was tingling again, my pussy really itching for action. I got up and walked over to Dan and grabbed him by his half erect cock to lead him over to the jacuzzi. It was not yet full, but we climbed in anyway and began our fun. I sat Dan on the edge and kneeled between his legs and began sucking on his man meat. His cock head began to poke in and out of the foreskin as I stroked him. On the down stroke, as the purpling head poked out, I put my mouth over it and rimmed it with my tongue. My other hand cupped his balls and played with them.

I leaned down further and with one hand holding his cock up against his stomach, I began to lick and suck his balls and then lick my way up the underside of his cock to the tip. His cock was leaking a fair amount of pre-cum and it sparkled in the overhead lighting. 

The three walls surrounding the jacuzzi alcove were solid mirror, from tub to ceiling and the ceiling also. Buried into his cock, I could only get short glimpses of myself in action so far, but Dan seemed to thoroughly enjoy watching all the action in those mirrors. 

I was itching for that cock in my pussy. I screamed out, "I want your cock in me, NOW!" I turned around and sat my pussy right over the tip of that big fuck stick, and as I watched myself in the mirror, sank down. I bottomed out on his balls and began to slide and pump myself up and down that long shaft. Watching all the action reflected in all the views was really turning both of us on, super high. It did not take long and I felt that big dick pulse and swell inside me as his jism rose and shot into my pussy, filling me with cock cream. I was leaking and dripping out around his cock as I surrendered to another shattering orgasm of my own. 

The jacuzzi was just about to run over, so Dan quickly shut off the water and turned on the jets, both upper and lower. Dan sat down and I sat in his lap and arms as he lazily leaned back in his seat. We stayed like that with Dan distractedly massaging my tits and his limp cock brushing up under my pussy. I slowly rubbed my mound and played with my clit until Dan took over that task too. We must have sat that way for nearly an hour, just relaxing in the warm, pulsing water and recharging our batteries.

We both felt the urge to have at it again about the same time, for just as I began to stand up, I felt Dan also trying to get up off the seat. He sat me on the edge of the tub, spread my thighs, and buried his head in the gap and began eating my pussy. Dan licked and kissed the puffy lips of my cunt on first one side and then the other of my slit. H moved in and licked up and down the slit, eventually coming to rest on my clit. He sucked on my clit first. Then he began to bite on it, and pull on it, and stretch it out with his teeth. He stretched it until it hurt, and then with a snap, he let go of it. Dan's face was getting wet from my leaking pussy juice.

"Get on your hands and knees," he told me. I did and he began to rub his dripping cock up and down my slit. I felt the tip pause at the opening of my love canal and then plunge all the say in to his balls in one hard, swift thrust. The pulsing water and the pulsing cock was erotic bliss and I started cumming and cumming and cumming in moaning and groaning, multiple orgasms. Dan could not hold back any longer either and spasmed several times in my pussy, dumping a small load of cum into my love canal.

Dan's dick deflated slowly and plopped out of my pussy. He sat back on one of the benches, exhausted. I did the same beside him. I grabbed hold of his cock and just held it as we sat in a daze. He grabbed my pussy with a back handed grab and inserted his middle finger, holding it still. We drifted off to sleep in this position for over an an hour. We eventually awoke from our stupor, stiff and sore, and climbed out of the tub. Dan shut it off. We stumbled over to the bed for nearly four hours of badly needed sleep. We did not even bother to dry off.

I came awake slowly, getting my bearings and trying to see in the dimly lit room. I crawled between Dan's legs and began to suck on his limp cock. It slowly rose to about half mast, but no further. Then I had to really work on it to get it all the way up, which brought Dan around to consciousness and a realization of what was going on. With difficulty, I finally got him hard again. I turned my butt to face him and with my head down on the bed and my butt high in the air, I said, "Fuck me in the butt, NOW!"

Dan rose and began to rub my slit up and down from behind with his engorged fuck stick to get some juices going. Both his pre-cum and my juices responded to wet down his dick pretty darn well. He stopped his cock head at the entrance to my back door and paused. I felt that cock begin to enter and slowly push deeper into my backside. It hurt some, but not too badly and I knew the feelings would soon become very pleasurable. This was not my first butt fuck. Dan finally eased all the way in and began to pump slowly. As he quickened the tempo of thrusting, Dan put his hands just above my hips on either side and pulled me hard, backwards into his thrusts. He thrust and pulled even harder, screaming, "FUCK YOU, BITCH, FUCK YOU BITCH, FUCK YOUR ASS!" 

I got a finger into my cunt and lost myself into another shattering, screaming orgasm. "OH, MY GOOOODDDD," I screamed.

Dan quickly followed with his orgasm, his missile pulsing shot after shot into my butt channel. Sweat dripped down onto my back and butt, mixing with his cock cream squeezing out around his dick with my pussy juice running down my legs. With a ploooopppp sound, Dan's limp cock dropped out of my ass and he rolled over onto his side. I fell flat on my stomach as my knees caved in behind me.

After about ten minutes or so, we got up and with tits and cock bouncing, went over to the jacuzzi and turned the jets back on. We climbed back in and both sat on the bench for bit to let the pulsing water do its thing to our bodies. Eventually, Dan knelt in front of me and plunged his mouth over my pussy again to eat me out some more under water. He had to come up for breath pretty often, but we were both getting turned on again. He worked on my pussy and clit with his mouth and tongue until he finally came up for air and put his mouth and one hand to work on my tits instead. His other hand went to my pussy where it played with my clit. He kept going until I convulsed in orgasm yet again. 

We both finally had enough of a good thing. We got out of the tub and I started drying off Dan. I worked my way down to his navel both in front and back. Then I worked the towel up both legs front and back. I turned him around and did his butt, with a dry wash cloth. I rubbed very vigorously. Turning him once more, I began to dry his balls. His cock was already at half mast but began to rise to full erection as I started drying each ball separately. I moved on to start drying his cock.

Apparently we had not had enough of a good thing yet! I could feel that big dick begin to pulse and twitch, getting primed again. "Oh God," he said, "I'm cumming again!" I quickly mouthed his cock and swallowed the small amount of cock cream that erupted. Willing or not, I think Dan's well was about dry for that day.

So now, Dan began to return the favor and started drying off my body. He gave my tits a lot of gentle towel action, causing the nipples to quickly erect into rock hardness. His toweling of my belly was also quite sensuous. Dan grabbed the other dry washcloth and rubbed my butt dry and then went to work on my pussy. Slow, delicate strokes up and down my labia lips, then on through between my legs to my butt cheeks and back through to the labial again.

Jesus, he had me all atwitch again, begging for him to put his cock in me! He didn't, though, he just fingered me to orgasm and licked up what little of my pussy juice I had left to give. "That is definitely enough for me for this session," I said, "I would be game for still more, but I have to get at least some sleep before I have to go back to work in the morning at the cafe. I will not be missed at home, it is not uncommon for me to be out all night." So saying, I went over to the bed and plopped naked on one side. Dan said he needed a few hours of sleep too, but then, he had to get on the road for his next appointment, a three hour drive away. 

"I'll try not to wake you when I get up. The next time I am through here, I will definitely stop at that cafe to look you up again." With that, Dan climbed naked into bed on the other side of me and we both drifted off to sleep almost immediately.

I awoke the next morning to sunlight streaming in the window and birds singing away like mad. Dan was long gone, but had left a note and some cash. "You were one great piece of ass, a fucking fuck machine. I definitely want to fuck you again the next time I am in town. If I know I am cumming, I will starve myself of sex so that I can better keep up with you! The money is for cab fare to get you to work. Auf Wiedersehen for now! Dan." 

That was six weeks ago. He is due back in town again tomorrow for the both Saturday and Sunday! I can't wait!