 She lay on her back, her legs wide as his head dipped between them. She was holding herself up on her elbows watching him eat her pussy. It was an erotic sight, especially when he rolled his eyes up to look at her. His eyes locked with her passion filled eyes; the sight so exotic she bit her bottom lip to keep from screaming, her eyes dark from passion. 

He hooked his arms under her legs and pulled her closer to his hungry mouth as he plunged his tongue deep into her center, her core. His tongue jabbed into her like a tiny cock. She whipped her head back and forth moaning loudly unable to contain herself. 

"Oh shit, Alastair," she screamed her head now falling back as she gave herself up to his pleasuring mouth.

He sucked her clit into his mouth and rolled his tongue over the hard nub. He literally ground his teeth into her pussy as he suckled on it. He did it so it was on this side of pain; she was that kind of slut liking it rough with a little bit of pain. He whipped his tongue back and forth against her clit causing her legs to shake uncontrollably. 

Her legs closed around his head and her hands were on his head pressing him deeper into her hot center. Her hips were bucking against his mouth, her juices smearing all over his face as he tried to keep up the frantic rhythm. She lifted herself so high her back no longer touch the bed as she pushed him deeper and deeper into her wet cunt.

"Fuck, baby, fuck, I'm so close," she yelled as she wrapped her legs around his shoulders and continued thrusting up against his talented tongue. 

Alastair put his whole mouth over her pussy and sucked. He thrust his tongue in and out as he kept sucking and shoving his tongue into her like a piston. Her nails were scratching his scalp as she pushed him deeper. His face was slick with her juices as she fucked his mouth and tongue. Suddenly, she screamed and started to spasm. He quickly jumped up and forced her legs open as he drove his hard, small, cock into her pussy. 

He wasn't very big, barely more than 4 inches, but after giving her head and while she came he could stick his cock into her and feel her muscles gripping and milking his tiny cock for all that it was worth. At that moment he had a monster of a cock and her pussy loved his dick. It would jerk it with fast strokes as her body shook with her orgasm. In a few seconds he was spilling his hot seed deep into her and moaning with his own release. 

Finally he rolled off her and she flipped her long brown hair over her shoulders smiling at him. She kissed him tasting her own juices, her tongue dancing with his in a teasing tango of eroticism. She pulled back and slid on her A-line black skirt. On the left side it had huge red buttons that went all the way to her hip. Currently all the buttons except for three were unbuttoned showing a generous amount of leg.

"Come on, Kristal baby, you aren't getting dressed are ya," he asked. 

Kristal smiled seductively having put on her red pumps that had black bows in the back. Her caramel breasts jiggled as she stood straight staring at Alastair. He was quite sexy. His olive skin glistened with sweat. He had black hair with red streaks in them, which continually fell in his eyes. His Japanese accent made him even sexier to her.

"I have to go. I haven't finished writing this juicy story I'm writing on."

"You'll come visit me at – ", Alistair started.

"Ah-unh. I don't know what illegal things you do and don't wanna know. We keep our relationship purely sex. Great, mind blowing sex." Kristal bent over and kissed him again. "You should get dress and you smell like pussy."

Kristal finished dressing finding the red v-neck shirt that was sleeveless except for 2 small inch straps that covered her forearms. The rest of the shirt fell just below her belly button. She loved the fashion that the Japanese thought of and it was one of the reasons she hadn't left Tokyo. 

Kristal walked out of the 2 story home. She rummaged through her purse finding her I-Pod and placed the ear phones in her ears. The bass of Jay-Z thumped through her as she quickly made her way across the street. Her caramel thigh could be glimpse as her skirt caught on the wind. One thing about Japan was that either you were very conservative or you were weird. Kristal fell in the American category; she was too conservative for weird and too sexy for conservative. 

Kristal made her way to the train station and hopped on the bullet train. She stared at the map. She couldn't read kanji, but she could speak Japanese. She could either ask someone to read what a sign said or she could memorize routes. Kristal chose the latter not liking to be dependent on other people. 

At the stop Kristal got out and went into a huge office building after a small walk. She walked into the lobby; she didn't have to flash her badge. There weren't that many black Americans away from the military bases. She went to the elevator and punched for up. The artist changed to Young Brother and Kristal couldn't help swaying to the music, her hips moving side to side. 

The elevator doors opened and Kristal swayed inside and turned to stare at the doors; her floor already highlighted. Every so often the door would open and people would get out, but Kristal never stopped moving. She could see that the elevator was full of men except for her. Kristal dipped low in her skirt shaking her bum before standing back up still swinging her hips. She put her hands on the golden doors, arched her back, and pumped her bum in the air. She slapped her bum before bending over, her ass in the air. She flipped her hair back and straightened forward. 

The door ding and she walked out on her floor. A few guys walked out with her, but she ignored them. If she didn't do something outrageous they would think something was wrong. Besides she was American; that seemed to explain everything away no matter what she did. 

Kristal stopped her I-Pod and put it away in her purse. Everyone spoke Japanese around her and Kristal listened to snippets of conversation. Even though she knew Japanese she preferred to speak English. It helped when people forgot she spoke Japanese and would say things they would otherwise keep to themselves. She found tons of secrets out this way. 

But Kristal wasn't a tabloid reporter. No, Kristal wrote for the Japan's Inquisitive Mind. She was their sex expert. She didn't have a degree in psychology; she wasn't a therapist, but rather a very horny girl who got a sweet job. She would find trends in sex, or answer sex questions, or would find interesting things in Japan's sex world and report them in extreme detail. Also she got to write her own sexual stories and they could be as explicit as she wanted. She was trying to find Japan's breaking point, but even with 2 gay guys, a she-male, 1 female, and a bunch of farm animals, all sexually involve and Japan's citizens were still begging for more. She loved it. The other reason she hadn't left. 

Kristal walked to her boss's, Nikagura, door and knocked on it. She opened it without waiting for his response to see his wife, Maki, sitting across from him angrily. Kristal closed the door behind her and stared at her boss and his wife. 

Maki turned to Kristal and narrowed her eyes, "What would you do if your husband doesn't make love to you anymore," she asked in Japanese.

Kristal responded in Maki's native tongue. "I would cheat on him, especially if he knew the problem. I would cheat with a female though. Most men don't get mad when they find out their wives are fucking other females."

Maki nodded and stared at Nikagura. Nikagura stared at Kristal like she had lost her mind. Kristal walked over to Maki and knelt in front of her. Maki's eyes opened wide. Kristal put her hands on top of hers. 

"If you need someone who can keep a secret I can," Kristal whispered to her, but she knew Nikagura could hear her. Kristal rose to kiss her, but Maki turned scared. Kristal smiled and turned her head back. She stared the woman in the eyes before backing up and giving the woman room.

Maki immediately stood up and stared at her husband. "I have to think on it."

"Oh and toys. If you don't want to cheat on your husband we can go to a sex shop. Or we can do both. Toys and sex."

Maki blushed and nodded quickly before leaving the office. 

"Kristal," Nikagura said in English, "I should fire you. How dare you tell my wife that?"

Kristal shrugged. "She asked and you need to fuck her tonight." Kristal walked over to Nikagura and straddled him. She started rubbing against him. Kristal didn't fuck her way to her position. She wasn't even fucking her way to the top. She's turned down promotions, because she liked where she was. Nikagura was just one of the few who had a great big dick and knew how to fuck. 

Nikagura squeezed her ass and she could feel him harden. She made a mental note to stop staying late for quick fucks. His wife was suffering and she couldn't stand that. "She's not you," he said.

"Uh-oh. You're catching feelings. I'm going to have to end this," Kristal replied while she stood up and backed away from him. 

Nikagura looked furious, but Kristal held a hand up stopping his protests. She put a story down on his desk. "I haven't finished a good one, but this should hold everyone over." She wasn't worried about getting fired. She brought in a good bit of money for the paper.

Nikagura waved her away looking upset. Kristal walked out. Today was Friday and though some people worked on Saturday she never did. She checked her phone for any messages from her assistant. Kristal would be stuck in the office from 7am to 6pm if it wasn't for that woman. The woman would call her with meetings or things the paper wanted her to check out; consequently Kristal came into the office an average of 3 hours a week, if that. The paper was starting to complain that the only way to get in touch with Kristal was through her assistant.

No messages. Kristal called her assistant who apologized for not being in when Kristal was in the building. She took a late lunch. Kristal told her she was going home for the day and that she should go ahead and take off early too. The woman worked more hours than anyone she had ever seen.

As soon as Kristal hung up the phone two police officers walked up to her with stern looks on their faces. Kristal picture didn't appear in the paper, because she didn't want any sex crazed stalkers, so she didn't think it had anything to do with her job. 

"Kristal Ealy?"

"Yes?"

"Come with us." They grabbed her arms and started escorting her to the squad car. The white and black car looked scary to her.

"Am I under arrest?"

They just shoved her into the back and wouldn't answer any more of her questions. When she finally arrived to the police station Kristal asked if she could make her one phone call.

"You're not under arrest. We just want to ask you questions."

"So I can use your phone?"

The officer pointed to a phone and Kristal went to it and punched in a number. After a few prompts she finally could speak to a person. "Yes, I would like to suspend my phone account. I think I lost it." After answering some identification questions Kristal felt her phone vibrate in her purse. The officer looked at her, but she merely shrugged. 

He then led her to one of those interrogation rooms that you see in the movies. Two chairs, a huge window, but you know people are on the other side. Kristal sat down and no sooner had her butt hit the chair than two men walked in. They both sat opposite of Kristal.

"Tell us what you know of Alastair."

And that's how the questioning began. Alastair must have gotten sloppy and the cops were on to him. Worse, they must have noticed him spending a lot of time with Kristal, because now she was suspect number 2. Kristal was so pissed at Alastair. The police tried to tell her what he did, but Kristal would shake her head not listening. She didn't want to know. 

After hours of explaining that her and Alastair's relationship was purely sex; that he didn't tell her how he made money and she never once asked. They thought it was strange, but Kristal explained she liked her independence and didn't want to be tied down. She really didn't know anything. Finally they let her go.

Kristal exited the police headquarters feeling stiff and exhausted. She still had to get back to her house. Getting home was a blur to Kristal; she vaguely remembered getting on the bullet train and hailing a taxi to get home, but home she was. Locking the house door behind her Kristal sighed as she padded to her bedroom to take a shower. 

Kristal was one of the few people that had a two story, modern looking on the outside, but old fashioned Japanese style house in the inside. All the doors inside slid like typical Japanese fashion, except for the bathroom where it was more modernized and had an oak door and lock. 

Kristal turned on the shower and undressed in the bathroom. She stepped into the stall and grabbed a washcloth and started lathering up. The cloth was soft on her skin as she wiped away the grime and guilt from the police station. She hadn't done anything, but the police made her feel dirty anyways. Kristal dropped the washcloth and reached for her shower head and pulled it off the hook. She started rinsing the soap away careful of her hair; if she got her hair wet she would have to spend a good 30 minutes getting it under control. 

Kristal was rinsing the soap from between her legs when the water hit her clit and Kristal moaned. She reached down and turned the dial of the showerhead so that the water now pulsed. She leaned back against the wall, one leg on the ledge of the tub, as she let the water pulse on her clit. 

She let her head fall back as her hips moved against the water; her other hand snaked down to her cunt and she pushed a finger into her pussy. It felt so good. Her nipples instantly hardened as she began thrusting her finger into her wet, hot center. She added another finger for more friction, moaning louder and louder. Kristal sank to the edge of the tub, her legs splayed wide, and the showerhead firmly between her legs. She added another finger pushing faster into her pussy. 

She eased her fingers out and turned the head back to a constant rush of water and then stuck her 4 fingers back into her cunt. She pumped her fingers as the water constantly pound her clit bringing her closer to her orgasm. Kristal's fingers were a blur in her pussy as she brought herself to a booming orgasm. Her muscles stiffened, she sucked in a lungful of air, and as her body jerked and shook she screamed her release.

Panting Kristal managed to hang the showerhead back up and rinse off. She toweled off and put on a kimono robe. It was a beautiful lilac colored robe with gray chrysanthemums that tied at the side. The sleeves were so huge and the bow in the back completed the look of a real kimono. Hungry, she decided to go downstairs, get something to eat, and then go to bed. As she passed the dining room to her kitchen she saw two men sitting there. 

After her initial shock Kristal walked into her dining room and sat down. The scene eerily similar to the police station, the two men both wore black suits, black ties, and a white shirt. One was shorter than the other evident even while sitting, his hair was shaggy, and his eyes kept darting everyway. The other was taller, his bangs hung off his head, and he looked like he couldn't be more bored. "How long have you two been here?"

"Long enough to know you like a good hot shower," the little one replied with a sickening, leering smile. The other one just glanced over her with slight interest before going back to a bored look. 

"So what did you tell the cops,"

Whoever Alastair works for these are their boys. Fuck! "I told them nothing, because I know nothing. Alastair and I only fuck. That's it. I don't ask about his job and he doesn't ask about mine. That's how it works."

"Just fucking," the little one, the spokesman for the two, asked. 

"Yes."

"I heard he had a little dick."

Kristal wasn't embarrassed. "He does, but unlike most men he knows how to fuck. In his case size really doesn't matter. Plus the man knows how to eat like a pro. He can bring me to multiple orgasms alone just from eating my pussy."

"You talk dirty," the taller of the two noted. 

Kristal nodded, "Men do it and it's supposed to be okay. If a woman does it, it's disgusting. Fuck that. I don't like double standards and Japan has that to a T."

"We want you to keep tabs on Alastair," the little one said. Kristal shook her head. "Look you will do this or we'll hurt you."

"And how do you suppose I do that? Ask questions?"

"That could work."

"No it wouldn't. Do you not listen? Alastair has asked me dozens of times to meet him somewhere, but I cut him off before he could tell me where. He would start to tell me about a rough day, but I cut him off. I was the one that didn't want to know. Now, if I show interest he'll get suspicious. Especially now that I've been contacted by the police, he'll know something's up."

"How can he know you were in jail? We erased any record of you being in there."

"I suspended my phone." The taller one smiled looking impressed, but the smaller one only looked confused. "I knew Alastair was doing something that wasn't quite legal. He calls all the time sometimes I answer, sometimes I don't. I told him that if he ever calls and my phone is suspended the cops picked me up. My phone is my life saver and I don't go anywhere without it. I didn't want to know what he did, but I'm not stupid."

"You better figure out some way to keep tabs on him," the little one yelled at her. 

"It won't work," the taller one said simply.

"Thank you. That's what I'm trying to tell your stupid friend." The little one's eyes lit up with menace. "Look, hire a stripper, hooker, anything and they can keep tabs on him. I mean he's dying for someone to talk to... err I mean for some companionship." 

"You're not good companionship," the tall one asked. 

"I just prefer to not know and I prefer not to have a relationship right now. Guys are clingy and they want too much of your time and demand things. That I can do without." 

"What about you? It's either we kill you or you go to Alastair and we can keep tabs on the two of you," the little said.

"Holy shit, you really don't listen do you."

The little one reached into his pocket. Kristal freaked and hooked her feet around the legs of his chair. She pulled up and he fell backward. Kristal jumped out her chair and dove over the table to kick the shit out of the little one, knock him out, and then deal with the big one. She wasn't going to get shot in the back. 

She landed on the little one and glanced at the taller one who was still sitting and was looking amused. Fine, as long as he doesn't pull out a gun or anything I can deal with him later. Kristal rolled the small one off the chair and onto his back. She kicked him, but it seemed he hit his head on the way down and was a little dazed. Kristal had bought red oak chairs that had little bars connecting the legs. At the time she bought them, because they were cute, now she was going to use it to strangle the little one. 

She saw it in a movie and thought it had to work. She put the chair on his neck and at first it seemed to work he was struggling and was turning a nice shade of red. Unfortunately, he was strong and just pushed the chair off. Kristal started to tumble backwards when warms hands caught her. She looked back and saw her head was inches from hitting the table. She stared up into the tall's ones eyes.

"Can't kill you, I've decided you want a boyfriend," the tall one said.

"What," Kristal and the small one said in unison.

"She can't get close to Alastair without him getting suspicious; we need to keep her close unless she's lying. It seems the best thing is for one of us to move in and watch her."
