 My first date with Norm was for lunch. He was to meet me in town at one of our nicest restaurants. As I approached the restaurant, my heart began to beat quite hard. There was this very handsome man dressed in white slacks, powder blue shirt, white straw hat and white shoes. My immediate thoughts were of Casablanca. As I approached, he said, "You must be Shirley." I cannot even remember if I answered him. I followed him into the restaurant and after twowonderful hours of conversation, wine and a very nice light lunch, we left the restaurant. We drove down to the river and took a nice walk along the river. Several times along our walk, Norm stopped and pulled me to him and gave me some very nice, warm, wet kisses. I could feel his immediate reaction to my tongue entering his wonderful mouth. When we returned to our cars, I invited him to my apartment. He followed me and we were in my unit in just a few minutes. 

As soon as we were inside, we were in each others arms, once again exploring each other with our hands and kisses. I led him into my bedroom, turned on the ceiling fan and began to undress him. I sucked on his nipples that were already rigid, as I worked down slowly, I took his rigid cock in my mouth, licking and kissing ever so gently. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of his shaft. I was so wet by the time I removed the last of his clothes. He then undressed me so very gently kissing every inch as the clothes came off. 

We got on the bed that I had turned down, had lit candles and we began pleasing each other. He licked and kissed my breasts. He worked down to my clit ever so gently licking and sucking. He inserted one or two fingers into my vagina and I immediately had an orgasm. He took me into his mouth savoring my warm juices, licking, sucking and before long I had a second orgasm. I took his head in my hands and pulled him up as I wanted to taste myself too. I love that. I rolled him over on his back and began to kiss and lick every part of him. I held his cock in my hands and ever so gently stroked the shaft as I took his balls in my mouth, one at a time. I sucked and licked and kissed and got my tongue between his cock and balls and he loved that. His back arched and I immediately took his cock in my mouth. I ran my tongue around the head, into the tiny opening in the end and alternating, I would take as much of his cock down my throat, the up to the head. I told Norm I would be right back. I went to the kitchen and prepared two glasses of water. One hot and one just cold tap. I brought a towel. Told him to keep his eyes closed. I took a mouthful of the hot water, took his shaft into my mouth. I held as much as I could while I let him fuck my mouth with the warm water. Then I swallowe it and took the cold water. I repeated the same procedure several more times, hot then cold. It was totally driving him crazy. I loved it. 

I eased off and returned to his wonderful mouth. I asked him if he wanted to take a break or if he was ready to make love. That was the beginning of a wonderful evening.

When I asked Norm if he wanted a break or make love, he said, lets have some appetizers first. I smiled and told him I would be right back. Again I went to the kitchen. I had bought and cleaned some beautiful strawberries, fresh pineapple and grapes. I had some whipped cream as well. I fixed a tray of all the goodies and returned to the bedroom, but not before I put on a little white ruffled apron, white cuffs on my wrists. Then just before I left the kitchen, I sprayed some whipped cream on my nipples, belly button and clit.

On my way I picked up a large beach towel from the linen closet. I laid the tray down and asked Norm to sit up for a minute so I could spread the beach towel on the bed. Graciously, he accommodated and helped spread the towel while he licked and sucked the whipped cream from my hard erect nipples, tiny belly button and lingered licking and sucking my clit clean. I set the tray on the towel and we each had a strawberry smothered with whipped cream. I told Norm to lay back. I enhaled some of his warm, wet, thrusting kisses, making me feel like I was dripping juices down my thighs. I sparyed the whipped cream all over his hard cock thinking it might go soft from the cold cream, but it actually became more erect. I took it ever so slowly into my mouth licking, sucking and swallowing the whipped cream. His cock actually quivered in my mouth making me start to pump nothing but air. I lifted his right leg so I could straddle it and began to ride it while I sucked him. He was moaning and it made me suck and pump all the harder. His cock was pulsating and I eased off as I didn't want it to end so soon.

I came back up savoring some more of his wonderful kisses. His tongue probed into my mouth and I responded with as much feeling as I could possess. He asked me to lay down. As I did, he spread my legs and gently caressed, licked and sucked on my clit till I was arched up into his mouth. His tongue entered my vagina flicking so hard it immediately released another climax. He sucked and drank my juices, coming up to kiss me knowing I liked to taste my juices. Again, he laid me down. He made a little plate on my tummy of strawberries, pineapple and grapes. He would swath a piece of fruit in my pussy; he would eat one then give me one. It was so wonderful. We finished off the fruit and removed the tray and beach towel. The candles were so perfect and the ceiling fan helped to cool our hot bodies.

Norm asked me to get on the edge of the bed and first entered me as he stood beside the bed. The first thrust took my breath away. I was so wet and ready for him and I knew it felt good for him too. My God, he was so hard and just kept hitting all the right spots. I had another climax immediately. He backed out and rolled me over and I took his cock in my mouth and drank my juices that were left. He got on his back and I sat on top. His hard erect cock entered my pussy that was still hot and wet with my juices. I rode that cock for a long time enjoyed every thrust and again had another hot, wet climax. I told Norm I wanted to rest for a little while. So I lifted my body off of his hard cock; I licked, kissed and stroked it, then lay beside him for awhile. We were both still breathing very hard. The fan helped to cool us down a little. I got up and washed and cleaned myself as I wanted his mouth and tongue in my pussy again and I wanted in nice and fresh.

When I returned to the bed he was ready and waiting for me. I laid on my back and I got just what I wanted, but much, much more. To my surprise, Norm had brought some surgical gloves. He began with the wonderful, hot, wet, lingering french kisses, sucking my tongue till I was arching my pussy up to meet him. But he worked his way down (putting on gloves I did not know he had) to my now swollen and hard clit. He sucked, kissed and licked more and more. As his tongue entered my pussy, he entered my anus with a finger (gloved). I had never had such an experience in my entire life. The orgasm I had then, was a slow, long, lingering explosion. It seemed to last a lifetime, just getting stronger as his tongue thrust into my pussy and his finger fucked my anus. It is an orgasm I will never forget.

After my session of oral sex and the magnificent anus finger fucking, I told Norm I had to take a break. Once again I went into the bath to wash up and freshen up. I got us both a nice cool glass of wine and some cheese and crackers. We once again spread the beach towel, fed each other our tidbits and enjoyed our wine. All this time I kept stroking Norm's wonderful cock, not letting it get soft. I would lean over and kiss and suck now and then just for my pleasure. We cleaned up our snacks and finished our wine. I removed the beach towel and told Norm to lay back down. I started with some of his wonderful french kisses, our tongues playing with each others. I had taken one of the gloves with me, I think without him knowing it.

As I worked down his hard lean body and put his wonderful cock in my mouth, I worked around his balls, back up taking his cock in and out of my mouth. I got him very wet and his juices were flowing. I was able to get a good amount in my mouth and lubricated a couple of the gloved fingers. As I fully took his cock in my mouth and down my throat as far as I could, I entered his anus. I thought that he was going to pass out. He was making noises I had never heard before, exciting me even more. It was my first experience to do this, and whether or not it was his first, he was totally enjoying it. I continued to suck and nibble on his balls, biting his hard cock, sucking, licking and deep throating as far as I could. I have no idea how long this went on but it was great for both of us. For me to be able to please my lover as much as I was, just gave me more strength to continue. After what seemed like forever, he took my head in his hands and pulled me up. I removed the glove and we kissed each other like I have never been kissed in my life. There was more feeling and love in that embrace, I will never forget it. Norm kissed my eyes, my nose, my ears, my throat, my mouth and over and over again kept telling me how good it had felt.

He pulled me on top of him and rode him until I once again exploded. My juices ran down and soaked the bedding under Norm. We rolled over and he mounted me from the rear. He stood on the floor and I was at the edge of the bed. He thrust his hard cock in and out until I was weak. We could watch each other in the mirror I have over my bed and God, it was so beautiful. I wanted him on top of me to finish our making love. I feel closest to my parter on the bottom. I love the body contact, the ease of kissing (I love the kisses while fucking), holding his hard body. He is a magnificent lover. It was about 15 minutes he asked me if I was ready for the finale. I told him yes. Our strokes became harder and quicker. I could feel my final climax building and I told him I was ready. Within a minute we both exploded into each other. I could feel his cum squirting into me and it made me wild. We melted into one, held each other for the longest time. I truly Love Norm and always will.

I truly hope that whoever reads this true story, finds their perfect love partner.