 The music in the nightclub was thumping hard with the sound of bass as Jared worked his way through the throng of people. His head was pounding from the overbearing music and he questioned his sanity for the hundredth time that night. This was definitely not his kind of place, nor his idea of a good time.

Sweat poured down his face and it felt like his once neatly combed hair was plastered to his head. Adjusting the glasses that had slipped down his nose, he began looking frantically for a way out. That was when he saw her, the woman of his dreams and the only reason he was even there in the first place.

Alexis Dumont was his idea of perfection. As far as Jared was concerned there could be no prettier woman in the world. She was the love of his life, the pinnacle of creation, the most beautiful woman in the world... and she didn't even know he existed.

The two of them had been in the same college English class for a whole semester and she never once spared him a glance. He often passed her in the hall of their coed dorm without receiving even a cursory glance from her. Now, here he was in the loudest, most obnoxious setting possible and hoping to get her attention.

It was all Jill's fault. She had suggested he try meeting her in her environment. In a way, Jill equated Alexis with a wild animal. Then again, Jill equated everything with wild animals and their habitats. It was just her nature, no pun intended.

Jill thought that by meeting Alexis in the "wild" or her environment, that perhaps Jared would have a chance at drawing her eye. Like a fool, Jared had seen her logic. Now, he was not only in her environment, but he was also surrounded by the men that inhabited her world. He didn't see how he stood a chance in hell at talking to her.

The throng of people that were dancing and gyrating around him was causing him to lose his balance as he tried to make his way towards his goal. It really didn't help when some blonde with a large ass bent over to do a booty shake to the music. She way over extended her ass when bending over to place her hands on her knees, bumping Jared forcefully from behind and literally propelling him forward.

Try as he might, he couldn't regain his footing quick enough as he stumbled right into the group of people surrounding Alexis. To make matters even worse, his stumbling feet caused him to run directly into a giant behemoth of a man. The force of the impact caused the behemoth to splash a drink all over the expensive looking white shirt he was wearing. To say that he wasn't happy is the understatement of all understatements.

The giant reached out and snatched Jared by his bicep, squeezing him roughly with his meaty hand. He forcefully pulled Jared up to his face, snarling in anger and contempt, "Watch where the fuck you are going, you useless piece of shit!" spraying spittle in Jared's face the entire time.

"Excuse me," Jared finally managed to stutter out, wincing in pain at the strong grip on his arm.

"Excuse me? Excuse me!? I got your fucking "excuse me"..." the giant began, but was cut off by a feminine voice yelling over the crowd.

"Cut it out Frank!" the voice called out. "You're such a pig! It was a damned accident, and he didn't mean any harm. Besides, you would more than likely ruin that shirt on your own before the night is over."

"Count yourself lucky, shitbag," Frank said with a sneer. "You just been saved an ass whoopin'. Now get out of my damned face, before I change my mind."

With that, he released Jared's arm, shoving him into the crowd roughly. Just before Jared was swallowed by the throng of people, he caught sight of his savior. The woman that had intervened was Sarah, one of Alexis' best friends. He had often seen her in the dorms walking arm-in-arm with Alexis and another of their friends.

She gave him a friendly smile and mouthed, "I'm sorry." 

Before he could respond, he was surrounded by a rowdy group of dancers. The bumping and grinding of the dancers pushed him further away from Alexis and her group of friends. He couldn't help but think it was probably for the best. This definitely wasn't his element, and if Alexis had even noticed him... it was more than likely in the worst way possible.

Feeling embarrassed and dejected, Jared rubbed him temples, adjusted his glasses and made his way toward the exit. This night had been a failure of epic proportions, and he wanted nothing more than to disappear into the masses and find solace in the quiet of his dorm room. 

"Life sucks!" he shouted to no one in particular and shoved through the exit.

********************************

Several hours later, Jared was awoken by the drunken entrance of his roommate. He could hear Chris stumbling into the room, making a "shhhh" sound to someone else. A few seconds later, Jared heard the soft giggles of a feminine voice. Curious, he shifted in his bed slightly, and opened his eyes just enough to peek out from under the lids. 

He could just make out the forms of his roommate and his latest conquest as they tried to sneak quietly into the room. The two of them creeping towards Chris' bed slowly, trying their best not to wake someone they assumed was sleeping. Deciding to play along, Jared continued breathing slowly, mimicking sleep for their benefit.

Jared could see the girl point in his direction and watched as Chris made a "no worries" movement with his hands. She must have still had some doubts, since she turned toward Jared and made her way to the side of his bed. 

Thankfully it was dark enough in the room for her not to see Jared close his eyes once more. Stepping up closer, she bent over at the waist and peered at his face. Jared could smell liquor on her breath as she examined his face closely, looking for any signs of wakefulness. Not seeing any, she turned back to join Chris on his side of the room.

"He's a cutie," Jared heard her whisper to Chris.

"Yeah, it's a shame too..." Chris whispered back. "He's just so shy."

"Hmmm..." the girl murmured thoughtfully.

Jared couldn't help but perk up slightly when they began talking about him. "Cute?" he thought to himself. "She thinks I'm a 'cutie'?" His own thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the two lovers crawling on to Chris' bed. Shifting slightly, as if trying to get comfortable, he just barely opened his eyes again.

The light radiating from Chris' bedside clock was just bright enough to allow Jared to see the two of them on the bed across from his. They were locked in a sensual embrace, with the girl straddling Chris' waist. Her long hair framed his face as she leaned over him, the sounds of their kissing faint but still loud enough to be heard. 

This wasn't the first time that Chris brought home a girl, but it was the first time that Jared had actually attempted to watch. Usually, he just kept his back facing Chris and feigned sleep until the action was over. This time, he was more curious about the girl that had said he was cute. That was a first for him, and it made him curious about the type of person she was.

The girl's skirt was pushed up around her waist, with Chris holding her asscheeks in the palm of his hands. Jared could just make out the soft curves of her thighs and profile of her nicely shaped ass. He could feel a stirring in his own boxers as he watched, mesmerized by her hips gyrating on his roommates waist.

The two of them stopped kissing, as the girl sat up straight and began to unbutton her shirt. She glanced Jared's way to see if he was still sleeping, before opening her shirt and exposing her lacy bra beneath. Continuing to glance his way, she hesitantly pulled the shirt off and let it fall to the floor. 

From what he could see, the girl was definitely a knock-out. Her features weren't exactly clear in the dim light, but he could see enough to know that much. The way breasts swelled in the bra, and the dim light shined off her taut stomach, there was no doubt that she was a sexy woman. 

Chris' hands released her ass, sliding up her abdomen and cupping her soft breasts over her bra. Jared could hear the girl moan softly when Chris' fingers found her nipples and began tweaking them gently. She almost let out a yelp when he pinched her too hard, and leaned forward and whispered to Chris, "Are you sure about this?"

"You mean, Jared?" Chris asked half slurring his words.

"Yeah... Jared."

"It's fine," he whispered. "The guy can sleep through a hurricane."

"Ok," she giggled, and then righted herself on Chris' waist.

Jared watched as her hands reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra. Even in the dim light, he could make out her full breasts and hard nipples when she freed them. The very sight of her nakedness before him caused his cock to stiffen harder than ever before. It was almost ironic that the first actual naked girl he would see was about to fuck someone else, but he wasn't going to complain any. In fact, he wondered why he had never tried to spy on Chris before with his various girlfriends.

He watched the two lovers as they continued to caress and stroke one another. Her soft moans barely audible as Chris explored her naked chest with his fingers. Watching in amazement as the girl brought her soft breasts down to her lover's mouth and began to shudder softly when his tongue did circles on her tit flesh.

Propping herself up on one hand, she reached back and grasped his hard shaft through his boxers. She stroked it softly, cooing with obvious delight at the size of his erect manhood. "Damn, but you're a big fella, aren't you?" she giggled softly.

"Why don't you see for yourself?" Chris slurred in response.

"I think I will, just let me know when you are getting close baby." She replied as she slipped down his body and between his legs. 

Jared's eyes almost popped open as the girl fished Chris' hard shaft out of his boxers. She wasn't lying, he really was a 'big fella'. He shifted slightly under the blanket as he grasped his own cock and mentally did a comparison with his roommate's large shaft. Where Chris' shaft looked to be as thicker, his was definitely longer and more slender. Still, he was envious of his friend as the girl began licking the tip of his cockhead. 

The girl began by licking just the bulbous head, letting her tongue circle the tip several times before parting her lips and pulling it into her mouth. Chris let out a soft moan as she slowly pulled his entire length into her mouth. Jared could only imagine how good it must have felt when she began slowly sucking his manhood slowly.

Her soft hand circled his shaft as she stroked him slowly in time to her oral ministrations. She worked him slowly at first, taking her time and savoring his manhood. Jared noticed that the more she got into it, the faster she stroked and sucked Chris' cock. He could hear ragged breathing coming from Chris as she pleasured him skillfully with her mouth and hand.

Jared watched intently, slightly stroking the underside of his shaft and running his finger over the tip of his cock. He could feel his own pre-cum beginning to ooze out and was amazed that Chris could hold out as long as he was. No sooner had that thought crossed his mind, than Chris shuddered slightly and groaned.

The girl's eyes went wide as the cock she was sucking on began to spew into her mouth. She gagged slightly as cum splashed into the back of her throat, but quickly regained composure and began swallowing his load. Jared watched as her throat moved repeatedly, swallowing everything that was being fed to her. 

When Chris' eruption between her lips finally subsided, the girl licked his cock from the base to the tip. "You were supposed to warn me first!" she admonished softly, releasing his rapidly deflating cock and sliding herself up his body.

Just as soon as she had gotten herself situated again on Chris' chest, Jared could hear the sound of snoring. The look of anger that flashed on the girl's face was enough to strike fear in any man. She tried waking him up by pinching his arm and smacking his chest, but only received a groan in reply.

"You son-of-a-bitch!" she said roughly, and rather loudly, now uncaring if she woke up Jared or not.

She slipped off of Chris, standing with her back to Jared with her hands on her hips. She was now less than 2 feet from his face, and even from behind he could sense the fierce anger emanating from her. The plus side was now Jared had a perfect view of her ass and the thong that parted her cheeks. It took everything he had not to reach out and caress it softly.

The girl let out a stream of curse words in regards to Chris' inability to satisfy a blow-up doll, how she should have known better, and other such statements. Recognizing that her insults were having no effect on the passed out man, she huffed furiously and began picking up her clothes.

Jared no longer feigned sleeping, but watched openly as the girl stormed around in a huff. Her beautiful breasts were bouncing and swaying in time to her angry movements. Placing her clothes on the bed next to Chris, she finally turned to face Jared. Not wanting to incur her wrath, Jared turned his eyes from her half-nude form.

"Now that you are awake..." she began, "just look at me."

Jared shifted his head back in her direction, seeing clearly for the first time the soft curves of her body. Her skin was a pale white color and she had little freckles all over her chest and full breasts. The tips of her curvy breasts were topped with large pink areolas and thick, still erect nipples. 

He had assumed she was a brunette at first, but now he could see that she was definitely had long flowing red hair. Her full breasts were heaving in angry breaths, and at that moment she appeared to Jared to be an angry goddess in human form. Hefting her breasts in the palm of her hands she yelled, more than exclaimed, "Look at me!"

"I am..." Jared stuttered softly.

"Good," she said angrily. "I know it isn't your fault, but I want you tell this no good S.O.B. what he missed out on."

She turned around and hiked up her skirt, stepping back and closer to Jared's face. Wiggling her curves in his face, she asked, "Are you getting a good look?"

"Yes." Jared gulped.

Turning around to face him, she held her skirt in one hand and pulled her panties aside with the other. Jared began to moan as her pussy appeared just inches from his face. It was beautiful. She was beautiful, and he could smell her sex permeating from between her legs. Just as quickly as she exposed herself, she fixed her panties and righted her skirt.

"I hope you tell him what the hell he missed out on!" she yelled, and not waiting for an answer, turned away and pulled on her shirt. She began buttoning up the shirt in frustration as she crossed the small room and exited, slamming the door loudly behind her.

"Holy shit, that was hot!" Jared exclaimed as he lay back on his pillow and finished stroking his cock until he came.