 The next morning Jared woke up to the bright sunshine streaming into his dorm room. He looked over at the bed next to his and could see that Chris was already up and gone for the day. Probably out running as was the norm for his usual routine, so Jared figured he would just touch base with him about the girl later in the day. 

He slipped out of the bed and made his rounds picking up everything he needed to take a shower. Satisfied that he had everything, he made his way down to the communal showers a few doors down from his room. That was the one thing he hated about his particular dorm. It was the oldest on campus and still didn't have showers in the rooms.

It wouldn't be so bad if he didn't pass the coeds in the hall every morning as well. If it had only been men, he might have felt a little more comfortable. He never really liked the girls in the dorm seeing him after he just woke up, even if they had just woken up themselves. 

He was halfway to the showers when the door he was about to pass opened up. A small groan escaped his lips as he saw Alexis, Sarah and their other friend come out of Sarah's dorm room. Those were the last people he wanted to see right then, especially in his just woke up, funky bed hair, smelly night sweat state.

Alexis and the one friend just glanced at him as if not even registering he was even there. They passed him by and sashayed down the hall. He turned to watch them walk by, hoping to catch her eye, for even just a second. No matter his state of dress, he wanted her to just notice him!

"If you are waiting for her to look at you, then you will be waiting a long time," came a soft feminine voice from beside him.

Turning, he looked straight into the face of his savior from last night. He could have smacked himself for forgetting that Sarah hadn't walked by. Feigning ignorance, he said, "What do you mean?"

"Alexis..." Sarah said indicating the direction the others had went with her chin.

"Alexis???" Jared continued to try and feign disinterest.

"Oh, come on, now!" Sarah exclaimed with a smile. "Jared... wait, it is Jared, right?"

"Yes," he responded, almost in shock that she even knew his name. He was almost certain she caught the surprise in his voice too.

"Yes, Jared, I know your name. We had English together, remember?"

"Yeah, how could I forget? You sat behind..."

"Alexis!" she said laughingly.

"Alexis..." Jared said shrugging his shoulders as he gave up feigning interest in the other girl.

"You think I didn't notice how your mouth nearly hit the desk every time she walked into the room?"

"That obvious, huh?" he asked, turning red in the face.

"To me it was..." she said softly, "but only because... I was looking."

"Looking at what?" Jared asked with dumb confusion.

"You, silly!" she said, her face beaming with a beautiful smile. "I was looking at you..."

"Oh...oh!" Jared replied as what she was saying registered in muddled brain. For the first time ever he noticed just how pretty Sarah was. With her shoulder length black hair, sparkling green eyes, and dimples in her slightly chubby cheeks.

"Yeah..." Sarah said, letting the conversation trail off a little. "Sorry about last night. Frank can be such an ass. I hope you are all right?"

"Oh, last night? Yeah, I am fine."

"I had never seen you there before, and didn't even know you liked those kind of places."

"That's because I had never been before." He replied truthfully.

"Ah... and not planning on going back either, huh?" she asked.

"Not any time soon," he smiled as he answered her.

"Well, I can see you have your hands full and trying to get your day started," she said, and then stepped forward to give him a hug. The move startled him, because he wasn't expecting it in the least. "Just... keep being you, Jared."

"O-o-ok," he stammered out shyly.

"You're so cute!" She laughed and turned to leave. Just as she was starting to walk away, she paused, turned back and said, "Hey... what are you doing tonight?"

"Uh... nothing," he replied, once again shrugging his shoulders nervously.

"Wanna grab a bite to eat?" she asked.

"A-a-are you asking me out?" he said in a state of shock.

"Maybe!" she replied playfully, smiling sweetly as she said, "If I waited for you, it may take forever!"

"Sure, why not!?" he said, a smile finally cracking his shy face.

"Great! See you at... 6pm?"

"O-o-ok...see you then." He replied as she turned and raced down the hallway. 

Jared watched as she glanced back and gave him a small wave before disappearing into the stairwell. He shook his head in amazement and continued to the showers. Once inside, he turned on the hot water and soaked under the stream while he contemplated the events of the last several hours.

***********************************

"So, what you are saying to me is that you: 1) Bombed at the nightclub, 2) Got a free sex show in your dorm, and 3) Got asked out on a date!?" Jill exclaimed with a silly grin on her face.

"Yep, that about sums it up," Jared replied with a shrug.

"Wow! Well, I guess I was right then."

"Wha-? Right? About what!?" 

"About you needing to immerse yourself in their environment, of course," Jill replied, rolling her eyes at his obvious lack of understanding.

"What the hell does that have to do with anything?" Jared asked frustratingly.

"Well, for starters, it set everything else in motion. If you had stayed in your dorm room last night, like you wanted to, then Sarah never would have seen you there."

"Oh, thanks, remind me again how that is good?" Jared asked sarcastically.

"She asked you out, didn't she?" Jill replied, trying to make a point.

"True... but, what now?" he asked, as he envisioned the upcoming evening to be an utter failure.

"Just be yourself!" Jill said exasperated at what was going to be the same discussion that kept recurring since high school.

"That's what she said."

"Who!?" Jill replied quizzically.

"Sarah..."

"Oh...well...smart girl then," she replied, this time it was her turn to trail off as she stared into space.

"What's your problem?" Jared asked her.

"Oh... nothing..." she replied, and then turned to him, "How was it?"

"How was what?" came Jared confused reply.

"You know... peeking at Chris and his 'friend'. How was it?"

"At first it was kind of strange, but then... it was exciting."

"Did it get you turned on?" she asked, her face turning a shade of red that Jared had never seen before.

"Jill... are you embarrassed?" he asked her in playful shock. The two of them had known one another since they were freshmen in high school. They had become best friends quickly, since they never really fit into the "popular crowd". Most of them just looked at the two of them as strange animals that were too smart for their own good.

"A little..." she sighed. "Had you ever..."

"Ever, what?"

"Nevermind!" Jill said in embarrassment and tried to change the subject.

"Jill..." Jared said slowly. "You're my best friend. What is it?"

"Have you ever been with a woman before!?" she asked and then turned to hide her face.

"Oh! Of course not, Jill! I had never seen a naked woman in person before last night, let alone been with a woman before. You should know that! As long as we have been friends, have you ever known me to have a girlfriend?"

"Still..." Jill said, peering over her shoulder. "Look, forget about it. I was curious is all... you know, as a part of my studies for anthropology."

"Oh... ok," Jared replied, "Well for science sake, is there anything else you want to know?"

"Really!?" Jill replied, turning to him with a smile.

"Really, what?" came Jared's confused response.

"You would really be willing to help me find my answers... for science sake... that is?" she explained excitedly.

"Sure," he replied, now perking up at the thought of something having to do with anything but his personal life.

"Great! Then get undressed!"

"Wh-wh-what!?"

"I said 'get undressed'," Jill replied in exaggerated slowness. "I want to test something... scientifically..."

"Ok..." Jared said just as slowly. He didn't really see what his being naked had to do with science, but she was the budding scientist, not him.

He turned away from her as he stood up. Removing all his clothes but his boxer briefs, and then he sat down on the bed next to her. She just looked him up and down like he was a new specimen. 

"Jared..." she said, rolling her eyes again.

"Yes, Jill?" 

"I said 'get undressed, and that means... all of it!" she said with a wave of her hand to indicate his boxer briefs. "Go on! Get them off."

"My boxers too?" Jared replied.

"Everything..."

"Fine!" Jared huffed. "I still don't see what this has to do with science, but I will do it... for you."

"For me!? Really!?" Jill said as she once again turned red in the face. "How sweet!"

"Whatever..."

With that, Jared stood turned away from Jill and dropped his boxers. He heard a whistle from behind him when he bared his ass for Jill. "Cute butt!" she called out.

Turning red in the face, he looked over his shoulder and said, "Very funny!" and then began to pull them back on.

"No! Wait..." Jill said apologetically. "I was just trying to be funny. Please don't get dressed."

Jared dropped his boxers to the floor, still facing away from his best friend. She was just his friend, so it shouldn't be a big deal, but he just couldn't bring himself to turn around. He just stood there, completely undecided on what to do next.

"Jared," he heard her soft voice say from behind him. "I've never seen a naked man in person before, and... well... I would rather see my friend before I saw anyone else. I don't want some future guy getting freaked out because I just stare at him because I am freaked out myself. Please... turn around and let me see you."

There was something about the tone of pleading in her voice that struck a chord with him. He knew exactly how she felt in more ways than one. Taking a deep breath, he turned and faced her.

"Oh my!" she exclaimed softly. "It is beautiful. Even soft, it is beautifully long and gorgeous to look at."

Jared blushed a deep shade of red at her praise. It felt more than awkward to be standing before her completely naked. While he may have seen a naked woman before, he had never been the one naked in front of a woman. So while it was awkward, it was also refreshing to get it over with.

Jill scooted closer on the bed towards his naked frame, leaning in closer to look at his limp shaft. She was so close to him that he could feel her breath against his cockhead. The feeling caused his cock to twitch reflexively.

"Oh!" Jill said with an excited smile. "Did you do that?"

"No, it did it on it's own. Reflexes, and all..."

"I see..." Jill said, leaning in closer still. "Can I touch it?"

"Uh... touch it?" Jared asked, turning an even darker shade of red.

"Yes, touch it, you dummy. How else will I know what one feels like?"

"Um...ok...I guess so."

"Fantastic!"

Jared nearly jumped out of his skin when her cold hand wrapped around his limp shaft and lifted it up. She reached under him with her other hand, cupping his hairy balls in the palm of her hand. The more she lifted, touched, and stroked him experimentally, the harder he grew.

"Oh! Wow," Jill said excitedly. "I assume this is in reaction to my touching you?"

"Yes..." Jared moaned as her thumb rubbed over his cockhead.

"Hmmm...Was that moan because I did this?" she asked and then rubbed his cockhead again, smiling when she received the same response. "Sweet!"

She continued stroking him and exploring his sex until his shaft was fully erect before her eyes. Pausing for a second, she ran her finger from the tip to the base along the underside of his cock. Shivers of pleasure shot through his body, making his cock twitch in response.

"Wow, but you are long and hard, aren't you? How long is it? Are all guys as long as you?" She just fired questions in rapid succession at Jared, leaving him unable to answer any of them right away.

Finally, he replied, "Yes, I am. I don't know, and I don't know."

"Oh," Jill replied, stood up and walked to the desk in her room. Jared watched as she pulled out a ruler, turned and looked at his hard shaft. "Well... let's see then. Shall we?"

"Uh... Ok. I guess."

She knelt down before him, grasping his hot shaft in her cold hand and placed the ruler next to him. Her hand shifted back and forth on his steely flesh as she maneuvered the ruler to just the right spot to get the measurement. Truthfully, Jared didn't know how much more of this he could stand. Her light touches had already excited him to the point that he was about to explode.

"There!" Jill exclaimed happily. "I got it. 8 1/2 inches long. Very nice, Jared. But, unfortunately, I have nothing to compare it with. Still, from what I understand from the text books, the average size of a man's penis is about 6 inches. Well, depending on several factors of course, room temperature, amount of intercourse, etc."

"Other factors, of course," Jared said through clenched teeth. "Jill..."

"Yes?"

"If you don't let me go..." he began.

"If I don't let you go, wh-a-a?" before she could finish her thought he moaned loudly and erupted in her hand. Large ropes of cum shooting from his cockhead into the air and splattering on her. He couldn't control himself, as he continued to cum until her face and glasses were covered in his white, sticky fluids.

"Oh shit!" Jared cried out. "I am sooo sorry Jill."

"Wow!" Jill said excitedly. "That was soooo cool to watch up close."

Jared just shook his head in confusion, until he remembered just who it was that was holding his still erect cock. Despite the pretenses of being a curious young lady, science always came first for her. So, of course she would look at it as a something to be excited about. 

He watched as she wiped his fluids off her face with her fingers and brought it to her nose. She took a deep whiff of the sticky fluid, inhaling the scent before sticking her tongue and licking it tentatively. "Hmmm... not too bad. A little salty, but it doesn't taste awful or anything. I don't know what the big deal is with girls not wanting to swallow it. Oh well!"

With that she stood up, opened some drawers and tossed him a towel to clean up with. She proceeded to clean off her glasses and face with a towel. Looking over at him while doing so, her eyebrows raising as she took in his still naked form. When he was done wiping himself off, she stepped up to him, grasping his hard cock from above.

"Wow, you are still so hard. Tell me, how did it feel? You know, ejaculating like that while I touched you."

Just as Jared was about to respond, the door to her room opened up. He looked up in shock as Jill's roommate and friends came flying into the room. They all stood there looking at him, naked as the day he was born with his hard cock being gripped by Jill. Their mouths dropped in shock almost as much as his did.

"Oh my gawwd!" Jill's roommate shouted. "We are soooo sorry! Jill I didn't know you two were... ya know..."

Jared noticed that despite her exclamation of surprise, none of the girls bothered to turn away from the scene or tried to cover their eyes. His entire body turned a shade of red that he didn't know was possible. Jill released his shaft, causing it to smack back up straight and tall. All the eyes were fixated on his cock, as he rushed to get his clothes back on.

"Oh, we aren't..." Jill began pointing back and forth between Jared and herself. "We aren't together or anything. I was just working on a paper for my anthropology class on how the normal human male in our culture reacts to external stimuli. You know there ARE several cultures that practice semi- or full nudity on..."

"Ok! Ok! I get it! More scientific BS!" her roommate interrupted before Jill could continue. "Here I was hoping you two were coming out of your shells." 

Jared quickly got dressed under the hungry gaze of four young ladies that were the same age as Jill. As soon as he got dressed, he tried stepping through the pack of she-wolves to leave. One of the girls placed her hand on his chest, stopping him. She looked at him with carnivorous eyes.

"Tell me," she said. "Since you and 'science girl' aren't together. Do you want go out tonight?"

"Uh... sorry, I have a date already. Maybe another time?" He replied apologetically.

"Hmmm...ok. Tomorrow then, meet me in my room. The number is 316, be there at 8pm."

"Ok," he replied back with a raspy voice. "Excuse me... who are you again?"

"Nina," the bold carnivore replied and then pointed out each girl in turn. "This is Georgia, Violet, and of course you know Jill's roommate Lisa. See you tomorrow."

"Tomorrow," he repeated as he pushed by. "At 8 o'clock."

"Don't be late!" she said smacking his ass as he went by.

Just as he was about to close the door, he heard all the girls hysterically. Then Nina piped out, "Damn Jill! Why you holding back on us?"