 Left the names and descriptions for you to fill in.

She came over to where I was sitting on the couch. I was sitting with my legs up on the coffee table, feeling the effects of the pot flow through my body. She straddled me and held the back of my head with her hands, bringing me in for a deep kiss. She pulled away, eyes still closed, letting the kiss resonate on her lips.

"I feel so good right now," she said.

"Me too," we both laughed, feeling the sheer giddiness of the marijuana take over our senses. She took my legs off the coffee table and sat me down properly. She then unzipped my jeans and slid them and my boxers to the floor. My fully erect cock was now waving about in the air. She smiled again and bent down to it, giving everything a good lick from balls to tip. She looked into my eyes and smiled once again. I gasped as she took my entire length into her mouth in one fell swoop.

She started sucking my cock with a great eagerness, putting my whole member in her mouth, then sucking it straight to the tip and repeating. After a while of doing this, she popped her mouth off my cock and took my balls into her sweet, warm mouth, sucking them tenderly while still stroking my shaft.

"Oh Jesus, I think I'm gonna cum soon," I told her. She willingly resumed her work of sucking my shaft, this time sucking even harder and even faster. I held the back of her head in my hands as she bobbed up and down on my cock, giving her some gentle pushing as she went. She worked me straight up to a climax and as I came in her unbelievably warm mouth, she swallowed all the seed I gave her.

"God," she said as she took my dick out of her mouth and took a satisfied gulp, "sucking cock always makes me really, really wet." She smiled her little innocent-girl smile as she lifted up her skirt to reveal her soaking wet panties. She gingerly slid them down her legs and kicked them aside. She straddled me once again as I sat absently on the couch. She lined her sopping pussy up with my still raging hard cock. We both gasped in unison as she sat down on my manhood.

"Fuck, you're tight and so fucking wet."

"God damn it, you are so fucking big, I love feeling your cock inside of me." We were both so incredibly horny, so incredibly turned on by each other, that us fucking was just bound to happen. And when it did, it was truly great.

She started bouncing on my cock. Her pussy was so very wet that it lubricated my cock just perfectly. She started riding me faster, now panting just a little, tossing her head back and letting her incredibly cute, curly, brown hair fall off her shoulders on to her back.

"It's really hot in here," she said as she lifted her shirt off over her head and threw it aside. I did the same. She continued to ride my cock, panting a bit more, getting us both hotter. I unclasped her bra, letting her tits bounce freely as she rode me. I put my hands on her hips and started giving her a little extra help as she bounced up and down. I leaned forward and took one of her nipples into my mouth, sucking it just a little.

"Fuuuuuuuck," she exclaimed, only adding to both of our excitement. I took my hands off her hips and started fondling her breasts. She moaned in even more pleasure. Her panting grew more frequent as her bouncing slowed to a stop.

"I can't go on any longer."

I picked her up by the waist, never taking my cock out of her, turned her around and put her down on the couch. She spread her legs out as far as she could and I started ramming my cock into her pussy.

"Ohhh fuuuuck meee!" she screamed as I pounded her thoroughly. She started bucking her hips to meet my thrusts, and as she reached climax, her pussy began contracting, pulsing quickly. This sensation was more than enough to send me over the edge. I pulled out of her pussy and she grabbed my cock, jerking it feverishly, trying to finish me off. After a few strokes I came, blowing me wad all over her chest and down her stomach.

"God that was amazing," she said as I collapsed onto the couch next to her. We were both exhausted, panting for air from the intense fucking.

"Yeah... it was."