 Jared began to stir when he felt someone sit down on the side of his bed. Opening his eyes he found himself looking up into Dena's face. Her hand was resting on his bare thigh, only inches from his crotch. His hands shot down and he sighed thankfully when his hands touched a sheet. 

"Looking to see if you were covered up, huh?" Dena asked, a silly smile plastered on her face.

"You could tell, huh?" Jared asked not even bothering to stifle his yawn.

"Don't worry, stud, I covered you up earlier."

"You wha-a-a.." he said, his eyes shooting wide in surprise.

"I'm kidding!" she replied with laughter. "You're so cute when you get embarrassed! Ya know?"

"Glad I could amuse you," Jared replied sarcastically as he looked around for his roommate. "Where's Chris?"

"Out for his morning run," she replied with a sly grin. "Won't be back for... oh... an hour."

Jared wiped the sleep out of his eyes groggily and let out a loud yawn as he stretched his arms. After running his hand through his hair, he turned and looked at Dena again. Just coming out of the fog of sleep, it really hadn't registered in his brain how she was dressed. Now, however, he was able to really take a closer look at her.

She was sitting cross-legged on his mattress next to him, her smooth legs crossed in such a way that it lifted the t-shirt up she was wearing. For the second time in just over 24 hours he had a solid glimpse of her sex. Trying not to stare directly between her legs, his let his eyes roam back up to her face. 

She was wearing one of Chris' muscle shirts that hung low in on the sides. He could clearly see the side of one of her breasts, as it swayed in time to her hand running up and down his exposed thigh. Between her light touch, and the sights he had just taken in, he couldn't help but feel the stirring of an erection forming between his legs. 

"When did you two get in?" he asked, trying to change the subject.

"I don't know," she replied with a shrug. "It was sometime after midnight. You must have had one helluva night, since you didn't even stir when we were having sex."

"Oh!" was the only thing Jared could say in response.

"Yep, I can tell you..." she said running her fingers under the sheet, inching them slowly towards his manhood, "...that I wasn't the least bit quiet either."

"You weren't?" he asked in surprise as he remembered how hard she had tried to stay quiet the night before initially.

"Nope," she said softly. "I was kinda hoping you would wake up."

"You were?"

"Yep," she replied even softer. "I wanted you to watch me."

"Why?" he asked, as her fingers found his inner thigh.

"Tell me..." she said with a husky voice. "How far did you and... Sarah, right? Yeah, Sarah... how far did you get with her last night?"

"Well..." he began slowly, "things went well!"

"I didn't ask how things went, you ass. I asked how far did you get with her? Did you fuck her or not?"

"Sort of..." he reluctantly admitted, not wanting to raise her ire.

"Sort of...sort of!" she nearly yelled as she rolled her eyes. "There is no such thing as 'sort of', either you did?... or you didn't. Which was it?"

"Fine!" he said in frustration. "I didn't!"

"What?" she said with a surprised voice. "Did you even get to cop a feel?"

"Yes," he sighed. "Look, it was going great. We fooled around pretty heavily, and then realized I didn't have any protection. Ok!? Satisfied?"

"Awww..." she said with a pouty lip. "Did I strike a nerve?"

"A little bit, yes," he said exasperated. "I guess I just never expected it to get that far."

"So you are still a virgin then?" she asked, with that same sly grin returning to her face.

"Unless a blowjob counts," he replied half-heartedly.

"Not quite," she said, as her fingers traced further up his inner thigh, stopping only when she brushed against his balls. "You know, I have never been with a virgin before."

"Guess I'm a novelty, huh?" he replied, sarcasm filling his voice again.

"Not at all," she said softly, as she cupped his balls with her hand and began to lightly massage them. "What I am saying is..."

Her voice trailed off as she shifted her hand from caressing his balls to lightly touching his now fully erect cock. A moan escaped his lips involuntarily as she wrapped her cool hand around his steel hard rod and began pumping him softly. Pulling back the sheet, she took a good look at what she held in her hand.

"Very nice, Jared." She said admiringly and then shifted off the bed to get a closer look at his manhood. "Let me take care of this little problem that seems to have popped up."

Jared moaned again, a little louder, as Dena wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. Now he knew how Chris must have felt as she began to slowly pull him into her willing mouth. He let out a sharp breath in surprise as she deep throated him, taking him all way down her throat. When she swallowed, he could feel her throat move around his tip, filling him with sensations he didn't think was possible. 

"Mmm..." she said as she pulled her mouth back and off his shaft. "You are nice and long, aren't you?"

"I-I-I guess," he stammered out, again at a loss for words when it came to situations such as this.

"I can think of a much better place for this beautiful cock of yours," she replied, looking up into his eyes with her cheek resting on the underside of his shaft.

"Where?" he asked, swallowing the lump that had formed in his throat.

Dena only giggled in response as she stood up and slid onto the bed with him. Before he could say anything else, she had straddled his waist facing him with a lust filled look on her face. She shifted up slightly, reached behind herself, grasped his hard cock and guided his cockhead to her moist opening.

She looked down on him, holding him and rubbing his cockhead up and down her moist slit. He could feel her juices coating his bulbous head as she pleasured herself with it. Suddenly she stopped, positioned him just right and then sat back, impaling herself on his hard cock.

Jared's head began to reel as he felt the silky smoothness of her walls enclose around his throbbing cock. He had thought the blowjob from Sarah, and the deep throat from Dena, couldn't be beaten... but he was wrong. Neither of those had prepared him for the sensations he was experiencing now.

He looked up at her in disbelief as she took him all the way inside of herself and then sat up straight. She wiggled her hips, spreading her legs a little more, allowing him to slide even deeper into her womb. There was a look of pure bliss on her face when he felt what could only be the back of her pussy pressed against his cockhead.

She just sat there, rocking back and forth, grinding herself on his hard shaft. It was an absolutely amazing sight, as she began to pinch her own nipples and moaned his name repeatedly. Her pussy walls were so velvety soft, gripping him like a glove as her juices flowed over his shaft and balls.

Placing his hands below her shirt, he pushed them upwards until he held both of her breasts in his hands. Remembering what Sarah had liked the night before, he pushed Dena's hands aside and began tweaking her nipples softly. 

"Oh fuck!" she moaned. "At least I don't have to show you that!"

He pulled her nipples straight out and twisted them at the same time. The sounds that escaped her mouth was a pure delight. Leaning forward, she caught herself with her hands, her eyes locking with his. There was almost ferociousness about her as she began to rock back and forth on his hard shaft.

Jared wasn't certain who was fucking who in this whole scenario as she forcefully thrust backwards on his cock repeatedly. The look of pure lust that filled her eyes every time she bottomed out on his shaft only added to the experience. He let himself go, releasing any of the inhibitions he may have been holding onto, as he released her nipples and grabbed her by the ass.

Holding her there, he began to thrust himself into her hard and fast. His hands clenching her ass cheeks hard, pulling them apart as his fingers found where the two of them were joined. Reaching down a little further, his fingers brushed her pussy where it gripped his shaft, feeling her in more ways than one as he filled her repeatedly with his hard cock.

She moaned loudly as his slick fingers left where they were joined and slid up to her anus. He pressed his finger gently against her rosebud and she began to whip her red hair around, slapping him in the face with it. 

"Oh shit! Oh shit!" she moaned thrusting herself back to meet his upward thrusts.

His finger slid partway into her sphincter, penetrating her with just the tip as the two of them continued to thrust in rhythm. Moans freely escaped her mouth now, along with several choice curse words, as his finger slipped further into her back passage.

"That's it! That's it!" she yelled, holding herself still as his finger slipped inside to the second knuckle. "I am so fucking there!"

Dena began whimpering uncontrollably as Jared shoved his throbbing cock deep inside of her in several rapid thrusts. He felt her sphincter tighten around his finger hard at the same time her pussy clenched his shaft. A guttural sound came from deep within her as her mouth contorted into an "o" and her eyes nearly rolled back into her head.

With a loud grunt of his own, Jared lost completely control as he exploded deep inside of her. He thought he had cum a lot with Jill and then with Sarah, but those paled in comparison to this. It felt as if the top of his cock had literally exploded with the force of his ejaculation and he sent his hot seed splashing against her walls, filling her up with forceful spurts.

"Oh my god! Oh my god!" she moaned as her pussy walls spastically contracted around his shaft.

Dena collapsed against his chest, letting her head rest on his shoulder, still whimpering softly as he gently pulled his finger from her sphincter. His cockhead felt super sensitive as she continued to grasp his shaft with her pussy walls is if trying to milk his very essence from his balls. He was filled with conflicting sensations of exhaustion and a definite want to do that again... immediately.

She kissed the side of his neck gently, tracing his skin with her lips and her tongue while he held onto her. His cock was still firmly between her legs, surrounded by the warmth of her pussy while their combined juices coated his balls.

"Damn..." she whispered softly, "you're a natural at this aren't you?"

Jared just sighed in response, his hands caressing her ass gently. He couldn't believe what had just happened between the two of them. Chris would absolutely kill him if he knew that he and Dena had just had sex. His mind reeled with conflicting feelings.

"Mmm..." she whispered into his ear, running the tip of her tongue gently along it. "You're still hard, aren't you?"

"Yes," he whispered back.

"We still have time," she said, looking at the clock and then beginning to thrust slowly on his still hard shaft. The feeling of her stroking his sensitive cock sent sparks of electricity all over his body.

"Yes, yes we do," he said between moans.

"Here's what I want you to do..." she began.