 We went to an expensive private girls' school in Sydney – you know, one of those 'proper' religious schools - and by the time Jody and I... (Jody was my best friend), anyway, by the time we finished our final year, we had convinced each other that we really needed a major adventure. So basically, we told our parents we were leaving home. We figured if we didn't tell them, they'd probably get the police looking for us.

Jody and I decided we would up stumps and head as far from Sydney as we could go without leaving the country. So, within days of school ending, we found ourselves in a share house with some other kids in the suburbs of Perth, on the other side of the continent.

Unlike Jody, I was pretty innocent at that stage, and you could say that my time in Western Australia proved to be a bit of a sexual awakening. For a start, within a week of arriving, I had lost my virginity to the lead singer of a rock band. They were playing at the local pub where Jody and I had gone to get pissed in celebration of our escape. The guy couldn't sing a note but he sure looked the part. He deflowered me on a lounge later that same night, while Jody fucked the brains out of the lead guitarist on the floor in the same room. Never saw them again. But that's a story for another time.

Anyway, to cut a long story short, I suppose we sort of got in with the wrong crowd. We were both on the dole and did a bit of cash-in-hand bar work, to pay for drinks and ecstasy at the dance clubs we started going to. Most of the time, though, the party drugs and booze came for free – the clubs and parties we went to were full of guys who were keen to get to know these two cute young party girls from Sydney a bit better. 

I ended up having a string of bad relationships with good-looking arseholes, some of whom I thought I really loved at the time. One of them tried to talk me into fucking his friends for money. Can you believe that? And Jody and I stopped being close after I caught her blowing a guy I was with in a club toilet-cubicle at three in the morning. Bitch. That's ecstasy for you.

Throughout this whole time, though, there was one guy who I came to count as a real friend. His name was Tim, and he shared the house we lived in for the whole year I was over there. He wasn't terribly good looking, sort of ordinary looking, and quite short for a guy - only slightly taller than me (I'm about five-five). He was a bit overweight, too – not fat, just not exactly fit, if you know what I mean. He was also the same age as me – just eighteen - which made him seem really young. The guys I was seeing were all a few years older than me.

I knew he liked me though, from the moment we moved in. I kind of made him nervous, and he went red when I caught him looking at me sometimes, like if I was running to my room from the shower in just a towel. 

But whenever I was down – and that was quite often, given the bastards I was hanging around with – he was always there for me, making me cups of tea, and agreeing how unworthy so-and-so was of my affection. After Jody and I stopped being friends, Tim became my best buddy and confident.

Once, after I had drunk myself into a sobbing, vomiting stupor over some bad boy at a party, he managed to get me home, cleaned me up, and put me to bed, without any judgement or attempted hanky-panky. You've got to love a guy like that.

Despite Tim's friendship, after a year in Perth I had had enough, and decided it was time to go home to Sydney.

Jody didn't give a rat's arse, but Tim was devastated at the news. We both knew it was likely we would never meet again. I had no intention of ever going back to that hole, and Tim was locked into his life as a student at Curtin University.

I really wanted to give him a present for being such a good friend, but I'd already had to borrow money from my parents for the ticket home. In the end, I asked him if there was anything I could do to thank him.

He looked a bit startled, and his face went red. That hadn't happened for a while.

"Well..." he said.

"What?" 

"I'd really like to..."

"Like to what?" I repeated. He looked at his feet.

"...to kiss you. You know... properly...." 

I know I should have seen this coming but honestly, if you knew Tim, you would have been surprised, too.

"Just...kiss me?" I asked.

"To start with..." He raised his eyes to mine, and the way he looked at me then, pleading, apologetic, fearful, it almost made my heart melt.

It took me a beat to decide. Why the fuck not, I thought. Given the number of undeserving pricks that I'd given the pleasure of my body, having sex with a nice guy, a friend, might be a good experience. It certainly wouldn't make a difference in the greater scheme of things, and it was something special I could offer him, as a gift.

'"Alright then, that might be nice. But not now, OK?" My flight was the day after next, and I knew the house would be empty tomorrow night. Jody always stayed at her boyfriend's on Friday nights.

"Why don't I make you a romantic dinner tomorrow night – just the two of us - and we'll see what comes up?" I was being deliberately cheeky, but I couldn't help it.

Tim's face was the colour of beetroot, and although his lips moved no sound came out. I kissed him on the cheek and went to my room to continue packing, leaving him standing there. 

I'm sure it wasn't food that was on Tim's mind when he headed off to uni the next morning, but by the time he got home at about eight, I had made a nice spag-bol which we ate, with some cheapish wine, by candlelight. We were both a bit nervous, and there wasn't much talking during the meal. Occasionally our eyes would meet and we would smile and giggle at the thought of what lay ahead.

I wanted to look pretty for him without coming across as a total slut, and so had worn a simple sleeveless silk blouse and long muslin skirt over my best white lace bra and panties. I had chosen white because I knew it would show off my nice summer tan. I'd put on a bit of eyeliner to bring out my big blue eyes, and had brushed my long, black hair out, so that it was shiny and kind of tumbled over my shoulders. From memory, I think I was wearing Tea Rose perfume, a fair bit of it, because boys seemed to particularly like it in those days. In retrospect, I might have seemed a bit hippy-ish, but I felt really pretty and, for me, that was important at the time.

I had already lit a few big candles around the living room – I wasn't going to be taking them back to Sydney - and had moved the coffee table off the big sheepskin rug in the middle of the floor. After the meal, we grabbed our wine and headed in there, leaving the dishes on the table. Neither of us was thinking about the washing up.

I knew the ball was in my court, and there was no time like the present. Before Tim had a chance to sit down, I took his wine from him and, putting our glasses on the table, I took his face in my hands and pressed my mouth against his. I could tell straight away that he'd never done this before. With his mouth and his eyes squeezed tight shut, he pressed his lips hard against mine. He had stopped breathing. Taking further command of the situation, I tilted my face, opened my mouth over his and ran my tongue over his lips.

Tim's instincts started to kick in and, as he parted his lips to let my tongue into his mouth, I ran my hands down to his hips and pulled him against me. I could feel a definite stiffening in his pants as I pressed my groin against his. His hands hung loose by his side and I took one and pressed it to my breast. He started tentatively squeezing and rubbing me through the fabric of my top and bra. A little too tentatively for my taste actually, but he would learn. At least he had started breathing again.

As we kissed, he slid his free hand around my waist, and pulled me to him, pressing the lump in his pants against me. The boy was learning. I began to slowly undo the buttons of my blouse, causing Tim to break the kiss and lean back slightly to take in the sight of my lace covered breasts. Of course he had seen me in a bra and knickers around the house before, but now that he had permission to look he was taking full advantage. When my top was open, I slowly sank to my knees in front of him and, undoing his pants, I pulled them down to his ankles, along with his daggy boxer shorts. His dick sprung out like a diving board, stiff as a plank and not a bad size. I suppose about seven inches or so and nice and fat. I looked up at him as I took it in my hand and pumped it a couple of times, making a drop of clear liquid ooze out the end. His face had gone red again and carried an almost pained expression. I could feel his cock really throbbing in my hand. I leaned forward and kissed each of his balls lightly before doing one big lick up the underside of his shaft and then popping his swollen knob into my mouth. 

I couldn't believe it! The only warning I had was a little groan and a sudden kind of shudder or spasm that went through his whole body just before he started coming in my mouth. He just went off, like a big water pistol or something. The first spurt hit the back of my throat and I reacted by pulling back, letting the next one or two dollops land on my neck and breasts. I quickly got it back in my mouth, though, and started sucking and swallowing. I'm not kidding- he must have kept coming for a good fifteen or twenty seconds before the twitching and jerking and spurting had finally subsided. I couldn't swallow it all, and was left with come trickling from the corners of my mouth around his fat dick. I knew my lipstick was a total mess.

"I'm so, so sorry", he said, once his brain had returned to its usual abode.

"Don't be silly," I said, pulling away and wiping my mouth and neck and breasts with my blouse, "I'm actually quite flattered." I smiled sweetly at him. It was only a bit of a lie because I found myself really quite turned on by his reaction. I could feel myself starting to get very wet.

I stood up and kissed him, letting him taste his own come on my tongue. I like doing that to guys – it gets me really horny. As we kissed, he pushed my open blouse off my shoulders and slipped his arms around me, attempting to undo my bra. I let him try for a few seconds before I reached between my breasts to undo the clip, freeing my boobs from their lacy cups.

Stepping back, I shrugged off my top and bra before bending to shimmy out of my skirt and knickers. Now, standing naked before him on the sheepskin rug, I watched as his eyes passed up and down my body. I knew I had a body that pleased boys, and I never tired of seeing that first look on their face.

"My turn", I said.

"Huh?" was his response.

"Take off your clothes"

He clumsily began to remove his remaining clothes while I had a quick slug of wine and stretched out on my side on the rug. The soft wool felt great against my bare skin. When Tim was as naked as me, I patted the rug and rolled sexily onto my back, opening my legs slightly.

Lying down next to me, he kissed me as he held my breast, squeezing the nipple gently between his spread fingers. He was starting to pick this up. He began nibbling my neck and ear. After a couple of minutes, in which I also gently stroked his semi-hard cock, I took his hand and guided it between my legs. I felt his breathing change a gear as I pushed his fingers through the dark curls covering my pussy. I let my legs fall wide apart as I pushed his hand further down. I enjoyed being touched down there and was proud of the softness of my bush. Holding his fingers against me, I rubbed along my slit until my lips gave way and his fingers slipped into the wet groove. After a little more guidance and encouragement he started to get the hang of it, his fingers moving gently as he explored my slippery folds. I couldn't help but flinch and gasp when his fingertips grazed my over my clitoris and, after a minute or two he seemed to get the picture, and started gently stroking and squeezing my hard little button.

My sighs and moans seemed to give him a bit of confidence, and before long he was slipping one, then two, then three fingers deep inside me, fucking me with his hand as he kissed my mouth, neck and breasts.

I could feel my orgasm starting to build, rushing towards me as if from a distance. I started panting in little gasps that soon joined together into a continuous moan as I tried to control the first spasm. Arching my back, I clamped my thighs together, trapping his hand against my pussy as my body began to twist and jerk uncontrollably on his fingers. I really wasn't expecting the intensity of that orgasm, but I'm not complaining – it was great.

I finally had to push his hand away when the sensitivity between my legs became too much to stand. He was rock hard again by this time and, without giving him any time to think, I pushed him on his back and straddled him. He looked slightly panicked as I started sliding my wet slit back and forward along the underside of his virgin cock as it lay, throbbing, on his belly. I love the feel of this, the way my slippery cunt lips part to kind of hug around the shaft. I love it, and I knew because of his recent ejaculation, I didn't need to worry about him coming so quickly this time.

Raising myself slightly, I held his rigid cock upright and slowly began lowering myself onto it. I wanted him to remember this forever, so I took my time rubbing the head around in my wetness, all the while looking into his eyes, before letting it slip just inside me. His eyes were flicking between mine and the point where his cock was disappearing into me. I held still, swaying my hips slightly, for just a few seconds before slowly, steadily lowering myself onto him. As I slid down over his rigid pole, I savoured the look on his face and the feeling of my cunt stretching to accommodate his thickness. I could feel myself growing wetter by the minute.

When he was fully inside me I sat with all my weight on him for a moment, slowly rocking my pelvis, letting him enjoy the sensation of being fully embedded in a hot, wet cunt for the first time. It was then that he let out a huge sigh, and I realised he'd been holding his breath for, well, must have been minutes.

I shut my eyes and leaned forward to kiss him deeply. I began, slowly at first, to move my body, sliding him in and out of me, and grinding my hips to make his shaft move around in my wetness. My breasts were swinging with the rhythm of the motion and my nipples felt fantastic as they brushed against his wiry chest-hair. I'm not a real fan of chest hair, but I guess the novelty of this whole experience was really turning me on.

After several moments in which it seemed I was doing most of the work, I felt him start to move of his own accord, bending his knees so he could lift his hips for maximum penetration as I pressed down to meet his thrusts. He was grunting with each stroke, holding my hips and pushing me down onto him, licking my nipples as they swung towards him. I decided it was time to hand him the reins. Straightening my legs outside his, I rolled onto my back, pulling him over on top of me.

It took him a moment to adjust to being on top of me, but he was soon right into it and, getting himself into a kneeling position between my spread legs, started thrusting into me, steady and deep. He was looking down at his dick sliding in and out of me, muttering words like "fuck" and "shit" and "god", as his hairy balls, soaked with my juices, slapped wetly against my arse.

It felt fantastic, this sweet boy's big cock filling me, over and over. I wanted more though, I wanted him to kiss me, so I reached up and pulled him down, at the same time pulling my legs up as high as I could and crossing them over his back. I could feel his hard thing going even deeper into me now, touching my cervix with each lunge as his slippery tongue explored my mouth. He began to speed up his thrusts, fucking me and fucking me, and I knew that he was building to the 'home stretch'. But I wasn't ready yet.

I grabbed his bum with both hands and managed to slow him down to the point where we were slowly grinding against each other, our bodies squirming with erotic pleasure as we kissed deeply on the sheepskin rug. He was balls deep inside me, moving slowly, and I could feel his pelvic bone pressing, rubbing against my clitoris as we writhed together. It was great. We were really in the zone, and I felt the beginnings of my second orgasm, like a wave building deep inside me. Giving in to it, I held Tim tight to me with my arms and legs as the pleasure intensified to be almost unbearable before finally overwhelming me. My whole body shuddered with the slow intensity of it, and I remember moaning loudly into Tim's mouth as I ground my pelvis hard against his. His hand gently squeezed my breast, the thumb circling my nipple as he kissed me, and his dick moving in slow circles inside me. I could already feel another wave of pleasure building in the pit of my stomach as the first began to subside. I had experienced multiple orgasms before, but usually only when a boy was licking me. It felt different – fantastic – to be coming like this with a boy inside me. I reached down under my bum and cupped Tim's soaking balls in my hand, squeezing gently, while at the same time squeezing his cock with my cunt. His response was almost immediate. I swear I felt his cock growing bigger and harder inside me, as he broke the kiss and pulled his head back. Looking into my eyes with an almost pained expression, he wedged his cock even harder into me, holding it there as, with a deep groan, he came. I could feel him inside me jerking and pulsing as he pumped me full of his cream, and it pushed me over the edge. Clutching his arse with one hand to hold him inside me, I held on to his balls with the other, milking every last drop as I thrashed around under him, moaning as spasms of pleasure wracked my body.

Both our bodies were still twitching involuntarily with the final ripples of pleasure when Tim collapsed on top of me panting and sweating, his cock starting to dwindle inside me. I could feel this come leaking out of me, dribbling down between the cheeks of my arse, to join the already very damp spot on the rug. Tim's ear was near my mouth, and I breathed, as coquettishly as I could, "You like...?"

I felt a stirring as his cock began to grow again inside me. 

    ______________________________

Before the night was through he must have come at least another five or six times, either in me or on me. I've never seen a boy with so much come in him. Not that he had all the fun – I did teach him a few things, how to use his fingers and lips and tongue. And he obviously got great pleasure out of making me come, too. Not like most of the arseholes I'd been with. 

We managed to get a couple of hours sleep in each others arms, and showered together before he drove me to the airport the next morning. We wrote to each other a couple of times over the next year or so. In his last letter, a few years ago now, he told me he'd met a nice girl and they were moving in together. He said that she had complimented him on his lovemaking, telling him he was the best lover she had ever had. It gave me a real thrill to think of the contribution I had made to both their lives.