 Every once in a while it pays to be a nice guy. Not often, but sometimes.

 My sister asked me if I could do her a favor. A friend of hers was moving into her first apartment and she needed some help moving. Would I mind helping? Please? Well, for my little sister I’d do it. I just hoped her friend was cute.

 Moving day arrived and I received my first surprise of the day. I was the moving crew. Me, my sister and her friend, Jasmine, who was all of five feet tall and weighed 100 pounds soaking wet. At least she was cute. Long black hair, naturally curly. A slim waist and pretty good sized tits for a little girl. A very pretty girl. But not much help in the moving department.

 We spent most of the morning loading boxes into the truck Jasmine had rented. Fortunately she didn’t have that much to move. Outside of some china most of the stuff was pretty light. That is, until we got to the ‘piece de resistance’. The ‘fridge. We tried to move the refrigerator with me taking the heavy end and the girls taking the other end but it didn’t work. They just couldn’t carry it. I told them to relax and I’d take care of it.

 I guess I should tell you something about myself before I continue. I am a fairly average looking guy, nothing special. At 5'8" I’m not tall. I am, however, pretty big. Not bodybuilder big but I have had people ask me if I’m a power lifter. I have a big chest, big shoulders, big arms the whole deal. And fortunately, in this case, I’m as strong as I look.

 My sister in Jasmine looked puzzled when I started wrapping the refrigerator with nylon straps. My sister caught on first and told her friend to sit back and watch the show. I rigged the fridge, slipped my arms under the straps and picked it up on my back. When I started walking it out to the truck I saw Jasmine staring with her mouth open like she was watching Superman save the day.

 On the other end we reversed the process and, again, I saved the refrigerator for last. It was a little harder this time as Jasmine’s new digs were on the third floor. Luckily the house had wide stairwells. The girls helped guide me up the stairs and in a few minutes we were in.

After I put down the fridge my sister gave a little victory whoop and declared “That deserves a beer!” With that she took off to get some, leaving me and Jasmine alone. So there I was, all sweaty and unshaven with Jasmine in her sweat pants and belly shirt. She walked up to me and thanked me for helping her move. Her hand was caressing my shoulder. I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer. We paused a moment, our lips mere inches apart. When I kissed her she melted into my arms.

 Our passions ignited immediately. Jasmine’s tongue wrestled with mine as our hands wandered all over each other’s body. Soon I had her belly shirt pushed up over her luscious boobs and I was sucking her nipples to diamond hard peaks. She gasped and sighed and pushed her breasts hard into my face. Finally she pulled away from me, breathing hard, with a hungry look in her eyes.

 Jasmine practically lunged at my crotch, sliding down my jeans and shorts in one smooth move. Then she got another surprise. Just like the rest of me my dick isn’t long but, damn, it is thick. Jasmine’s tiny hand didn’t even come close to encircling my erect penis. She stared at it as she stroked it as if she were hypnotized. Her little pink tongue licked her lips as she considered my cock. Then she knelt and put her lips around the head.

 Well, at least she tried. Unable to get much of me into her mouth she ran her lips and tongue across and around my shaft in a particularly creative manner. When she began sucking my sweaty balls I couldn’t take any more. I pushed her head from my crotch and lifted her up. She eagerly helped as I deprived her of her sweat pants. I lifted her up and lined my hardness up with the entrance to her cunt.

 Jasmine’s eyes bulged wide as I began to penetrate her wet pussy. Deeper I pushed into her and she made little squeaking noises as I stretched her tiny twat. Finally I made it all the way into her. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and bit my ear lobe I thrust into her and she gasped. Jasmine ran her tongue around my ear, driving me wild. I pushed her against the wall and began fucking her hard, deep. Her tiny ass wiggled in my hands as she tried to squeeze every drop of pleasure out of my invading dick. She came at least twice, crying out loudly as I filled her tight cunt.

I spun her around and bent her over a pile of boxes and entered her from behind. I grabbed a tit in each hand and hammered her pussy in a frenzy. I had a cum building up and it was a big one. Jasmine orgasmed helplessly as my balls slapped repeatedly against her smooth, round ass. Her voice was hoarse from moaning. Jasmine let out a howl as her biggest orgasm yet ripped through her and I let loose a torrent of sperm deep in her pulsing cunt.

 Finally rational thought returned. I kissed Jasmine tenderly and hugged her close. Then I noticed a six pack and a pizza sitting on the coffee table.

 “Oh, that.” giggled Jasmine. “Your sister came in while you were fucking me against the wall. She dropped that off, gave me a ‘thumbs up’ and left.”

 Ya know, my sister’s all right.