 Jayanessa was troubled by the Rama experience with Kamesh, she was interested in the cousin and was looking forward to the just ripe 18 + year old prick and by the description of the tool from Rama she was only more excited and sexually agitated. 

Sudesh was on and off and it was only yesterday that he did one of his usual missionary fucks and no cunnilungus or foreplay which left her frustrated and extremely unsatisfied looking for outside 'cooperation' and was fully convinced there was no guilt or a 'wrong' in getting the 'need' 'fulfilled'. 

After all sex was not just a mode of 'procreation' and this was further taken to the next level after Kamesh landed one day - He was very cute, very sexy and not terribly bright. But it's not his mind she's interested in. 

Kamesh had the face of a film-star and the body of a demi-god. He knew this and he took good care of himself. He was clean-shaven with the square-jawed, rugged features of a Adonis. His nose was strong and straight, his cheeks sexily hollowed, his lips full and wide and sensual and his teeth white and strong. 

His eyes dark and deep-set under thick eyebrows, hair thick and dark, body stunning and she was told by his concubine slut Rama that he did weights and workout for hours on end to keep in shape. 

A bullish neck spanned out to broad, powerful shoulders and his torso a breathtakingly slashed V that tapers to a narrow waist and high hips, chest broad and deeply cleaved and his belly hard and flat. 

His arms and legs thick and long and bunched with muscle, torso hairless; even his armpits depilated – she has seen it under his open shirt the other day when Rama introduced him and invited her to the movie which was the first outing together and got a chance to speak to the hunk who was very impressed with the 'willing housewife' – unknown to her, throughout the 3 hours in the theatre he fantasized the beauty run her slick sexy red lips around his long prick and bring him to a climax inside the hall, she was on a different fantasy – of course sexual, both were hot for each other. 

His torso was hairless and smooth, which she found sexy. His arms and legs were thick with muscle. She knew that he worked out regularly and the results were impressive. She knew, too, that his cock was an imposing organ and that he knew how to use it. 

Jaya found this very sexy and she did not like hairy men. 

She has noticed the prominent bulge in his crotch at the theatre and frequently fantasized about his cock. 

She imagined it must be enormously long and thick and Jayanessa set about seducing Kamesh in a typically nuanced and subtle fashion. 

She knew he would not refuse her if she just offered her body to him, but her experience with some men before marriage showed that waiting made it more worthwhile, added a zest to the first fuck and Rama told her to do the same, bring it to the 'boiling' point and when he found it 'unbearable' – let him 'grab' her even if results in 'fake rape'. "Aaaaaaahhhhhh, what a screw it will be" was her expression. 

Slowly the relationship came to 1st name – she told him 'Aunty was out of bounds' he had to call her by her name either Nessa or Jaya. He coily reminded her the age difference, around 8 years and she told him – how does that matter, he would look her boyfried if they were to go together on the road in the market. 

This was said by someone else earlier an year ago – Suseela – and it was a day before she seduced him into the long luxurious fuck she had given him on his 18th Birthday at his grandparents' place where he had gone with his family. That was an experience where he lost his 'cherry' to his aunt who ironically was the same age as Jaya maybe even younger.

Jayanessa knew through Rama that he played tennis and, to get closer she coaxed Rama who spoke to him and made him promise to teach Jaya the sport. She had a natural aptitude for things physical, as her much-improved sexual skills testified, and she soon picked up the game well. She was a deceptively crafty player, mixing up her serves and shots coordinating her strokes well.

While she waited for the affair with Kamesh to ripen, Rama continued her liaison with Kamesh. She had told Jaya about it and had her watch them discretely a few times. Jaya gave her pointers, which Rama immediately tried out, much to Kamesh's delight. 

He was having a wonderful time fucking Rama in anticipation of the soon to happen seduction of Jayanessa and vice versa and telling neither about the other. The idea that he was cheating with each of them excited him, though he didn't realize that if anyone was the cheated, it was he.

Jaya was perturbed by the amount Rama was fucking. 

She insisted they go to a doctor she knew who could fit Rama with an internal contraceptive. The last thing they wanted was a pregnancy and Rama told her she needed to get pregnant and wanted the seed of Kamesh in her womb, she will soon leave to her in-laws and fuck her husband but never let him know that the child belonged to the sperm of Kamesh- Jayanessa liked this idea though she was in no mood for a second child. She was now in need of incessant nonstop sex. 

And Kamesh was going to be the immediate partner in the bed calisthenics but had a problem with her vagina and she was having regular pains when Sudesh inserted his prick, this worried her and wanted to get it out of the way, she told Rama who refereed a doctor known to the Family. 

A day later, JayaNessa lay on his examination table with her dress pulled up to her waist, her panties off, her knees bent her cunt open for his inspection. Rama was waiting outside. He finished and stepped back and smiled at her.

"Yes, I think that's all right," he said. "It's safe to have sex now."

The doctor's name was Arun and he was a tall, handsome, slim man in his early thirties. He had strong features: a straight nose, deep eyes, a square jaw. He was clean-shaven. His shoulders were wide, his chest broad and well-muscled, his belly firm and flat. His hips were high and lean, his buttocks firm and taut. His arms and legs were long and strong. He worked out regularly, kept in shape.

JayaNessa thought he was very sexy. With a rush of excitement, she decided to get him to fuck her. It would be her first completely casual fuck.

"Are you sure, doctor? It won't hurt, will it?"

"Not at all," he smiled gently. "Trust me."

"Doctor ... I'd ... I'd just like to be sure completely sure and that it won't hurt, I mean. Can you ... I mean ... would you ... care to ... to *test* it?"

Arun stared at her and then a slow grin creased his face. He felt his pulse quicken. She was one sexy bunt and, if she was anything like her neighbor Rama, she would be one hell of a fuck.

"If you want that, I'd be happy to oblige."

"Please do, doctor," she grinned.

Arun was thrilled. He dropped his trousers. His penis was eight inches long and correspondingly thick, with low, heavy balls.

JayaNessa lay on her back on the table her face turned to one side and took his cock in her mouth. Spreading her legs, she masturbated as she sucked the doctor's penis and it rose and thickened and lengthened and hardened in her fingers and mouth and several minutes later he moved away and went to the other end of the table and began fucking her.

JayaNessa lay on her back on the table, her hips at the edge, her feet drawn up and Arun stood between her thighs, his hands under her knees, pumping his hips rhythmically to and fro, driving his swollen cock in and out of her cunt. 

JayaNessa moaned and gasped thickly, her body jerking and writhing with his thrusts, her swollen breasts jiggling, her gold necklace dancing on her tawny skin.

"Ohhhh uhhh yes ... oh god yes ... c'mon Arun ... do it ... fuck me ... ohhh uhhhh yes ... c'mon ... shove it in baby ... yeh ... ohhh that's so good! Yes ... do it ... ohhhhh uhhh yes!" she gasped, crushing her breasts erotically.

"Take it ... c'mon, whore ... take it!" the doctor grunted, pursing his lips, rocking his penis in and out of her flesh, his heavy, thick cock crushing her hot cunt and stiff clitoris. "Yeh... oh god yes ... c'mon ... take it ... take my cock, slut ... take it!"

He fucked her rapidly and deeply and JayaNessa moaned in delight. He bent over JayaNessa and fucked her quickly, ramming and reaming rapidly in and out of her cunt till she came. She gasped and cried out, writhing and thrashing on the table, her body jiggling and jerking violently with his thrusts as the orgasms crashed over her. Arun jerked his cock out of her cunt, panting and gasping.

He turned her over on his examining table and fucked her from behind, standing on the floor in his white lab-coat, holding her hips as she stood on the floor, bent over the table, her buttocks thrust back at him, her luscious breasts hanging pendulous. He squeezed his cock into her cunt from behind and the woman arched her pretty face with a shuddering moan. Arun thrust deep into her flesh and began fucking her with rapid, ramming thrusts.

JayaNessa bit her lower lip, stifling her moans. His cock felt good, running steeply in and out of her cunt, his thighs slapping softly at her buttocks. Her breasts were swollen and heavy, jiggling and bouncing, and her gold necklace tossed against her chin.

"Yeh ... take it ... c'mon, whore ... take my cock!" the doctor grunted softly.

"Mm ... yes ... fuck me, doctor ... fuck my cunt," she whimpered. "Oh yes ... oh that's good, doc ... shove it in, baby ... shove your cock right up my slit ... ahh uhhh yeh ... oh god yes! C'mon, doctor ... fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

Holding her hips, he jerked his cock rapidly and hard in and out of her cunt, gasping and moaning in joy. Her breasts swung with his thrusts and, groaning, he thrust furiously in and out of her cunt while squeezing and crushing her breasts in his hands.

JayaNessa had orgasm violently and, seconds later, groaning loudly, the doctor plunged his penis into her with a slow, deep, skewering thrust, rammed in, drew out, rammed in again, and yet again, each piercing thrust drawing a shuddering gasp from her throat.

He slid out of her and she groaned in understanding, her chest heaving, her body flushed and tingling from the wonderful orgasm and slipped to her knees before him. 

He pulled her head to his crotch again and fucked her mouth slowly, his head bent, watching her, rocking her head back and forth with his hands, pumping his hips. His cock was slippery and sticky with their juices and it smelled and tasted divine. JayaNessa sucked him languorously, whimpering with pleasure, jerking and pumping his cock with growing confidence.

Arun came in her mouth. JayaNessa moaned, her mind leaping with delight at the warm, tangy taste and smell of it, sucked it eagerly. Instinctively, she opened her mouth and lets it spurt down her throat and splash on her breasts and face. The doctor gasped and kept coming and coming till he had emptied his load.

JayaNessa swallowed his seed gratefully. The doctor bent and kissed her tenderly, slipping his tongue into her mouth, his hands on her breasts.

"Come back tomorrow for a daily checkup, JayaNessa," he murmured, smiling slyly. "I think I may need to check your rectum."

She grinned, getting to her fees, fondling his cock and balls. "I'd like that," she murmured. "I'd like that very much indeed, doctor."

She came back the next day and every day after that for a week. The doctor charged no fees.

In the meantime, Rama was busy fucking Kamesh and Jayanessa was trying her luck enticing Kamesh. 

Rama's thoughts and memory slipped a year back when immediately after losing his virginity, he took her virginity at Vizag while returning to his place in the North going back from the coastal North Andhra where he had taken his aunt Suseela. 

They had come in the morning that day and soon her father and his left for some village to inspect some lands and the mothers and others were too tired post lunch and she was in her room trying to keep her mind fixed to stable things, she was very disturbed with him around and today was no different – he had told her a few days ago how his aunt had seduced him and Rama was upset – she wanted him to take her as a first man to have a first woman – she wanted him for her and this was defeating how that bitch Suseela had beaten her in this game – and claimed the line of victory. Anyways now she was going to make him pay and make him all hers. 

Late afternoon and lazy day - Rama was twenty when she lost her virginity to the

Cousin – well hung prick this hot afternoon. Everyone else was out of the house or deeply asleep and she was supposed to be studying for her exams.

Actually, she was fantasizing, and the pages were a blur. It was hot and humid. The ceiling fan barely stirred the torpid air. She unbuttoned her cotton shirt and pulled it open. She was not wearing a bra, and she fanned herself with her notebook, shivering as her nipples popped erect. A ribbon of sweat trickled through her deep cleavage. She squeezed her breasts gently, rolling the mounds under her palms and tweaked her nipples. Her breasts grew warm and heavy.

Somehow, it wasn't good enough. Sighing, she turned back to her books. It was impossible. Soon, her mind was wandering again. Sighing, she got up and, knotting her shirt-tails under her breasts, leaving her midriff bare, wandered out of the room and went into the kitchen. The refrigerator hummed silently, promising coolness Small mercies. 

She got herself a drink of water and ice from the freezer. She popped several cubes in her glass and taking three or four in her hand, ran them around her temples, over her face and through her cleavage. It felt very sexy. Her nipples hardened again. Smiling with pleasure, she slid her hand under the open lapels of her shirt and moved the ice cubes over her nipples. They quivered and she felt her cunt suddenly ooze with excitement.

She turned, with her hand still inside her shirt, over her breast, and froze in shock. At the door, watching her quietly stood the desirous cousin, Kamesh. Her jaw dropped and she gaped at him and flushed, too shocked even to move her hand out of her shirt. He stood watching her silently, expressionless.

He was obviously a handsome young man in his early eighteen, was tall and dark, with a strong, rough-hewn, handsome face. His hair was thick and dark. He was clean-shaven. His body was muscular with broad shoulders, a cleaved chest, a flat belly and long arms and legs thick with muscle. She had often fantasized about him fucking her.

Kamesh stood still, as if carved of stone. The ice melted in her hand and stained her shirt. She slid her hand out, her heart pounding in her chest, her lips open, gasping softly, her eyes wide, her head roaring with terror and fear, a deep clench in her gut. He had seen her. It was too late. She was found out.

They stood still, staring at each other and their eyes locked and, as his eyes burned into her, she felt a sudden frisson of excitement. He was so sexy and, in this heat, he had taken off his shirt and was clad only in his tight shorts. Involuntarily, her eyes slid to his crotch and lingered on the tempting bulge between his legs.

He stepped forward silently and she pressed herself back against the fridge door. Slowly, he came up to her, his eyes never leaving hers. She cowered against the fridge, looking up at him. His body was very close to hers, almost touching her. She could smell the tangy, sexy, sweaty odour of his body. She noticed that his armpits were shorn. His chest was sexily clear of any trace of hair. His nipples were very dark and sharp in small aureoles. She wanted to lean forward and suck one of them. He inched closer and his broad, strong feet touched hers. Her hands dropped to her sides.

Slowly, he hooked his fingers in the knot of her shirt and pulled it wide. His hands cupped her face and tilted it up to his. His lips fluttered over hers. She closed her eyes. His lips fastened on hers and she felt them part and his tongue pressed to her lips. She could not resist. Her lips opened and his tongue slid into her mouth. Simultaneously, his hands slid down her neck and over her breasts. Rama trembled and her nipples shot out and her breasts grew hot and hard. Instinctively, her arms curled around his shoulders. Kissing her gently, deeply, he squeezed her breasts, fondling them adroitly. His groin pressed to her belly and she could feel the hard length of his penis. She felt dizzy with lust ... she had never felt a real penis before, never been so close to any man.

"I ...," she began as the kiss broke, but he silenced her by kissing her again.

She grew feverish and trembled with excitement as his evidently expert hands fondled and aroused her gently. His hands slid down her belly and over her buttocks, down to the backs of her thighs, then moved around to the front. His fingers slid into the baggy legs of her shorts and she stiffened as she felt them crawl up towards her crotch. He moved them higher and continued kissing and nuzzling her neck, tonguing her ear, nibbling her earlobe. Pulling her shorts in a tight V at her crotch, he pressed his fingertips to her slit. It was already wet and her legs shook and parted of their own accord as he pulled her cunt-lips open and gently drew his fingers along her crack. It was already moist and his fingers danced over the soft bush of her pubic hair, gently teasing her cunt-lips open and touching the wet, warm flesh within.

Then he pushed his hands down the waistband of her shorts and squeezed her buttocks and prising them open, he pressed his fingertip to her anus. 

Rama moaned softly and, her hands on his belly, bent her head to his dark, solid chest, kissed his nipple and began to suck it gently. She flipped her tongue erotically at the dark, hard stub and he grunted. Her face was soft and her mouth was warm and tempting. Tiny, fiery flames of pleasure leaped through his muscular frame. She sucked harder on his nipple.

It surprised and pleased him. He smiled, and his teeth were strong and white and even. He pulled her shorts down and she was naked in his arms. His fingers caressed her cunt and anus and breasts again. Her excitement growing, she caressed his hard belly and chest, sucking his nipples by turn. Her fingers fluttered at the base of his belly. He stopped caressing her, to unbutton his shorts and pull down his fly. His shorts peeled open and involuntarily, her hand dropped between his legs.

The first touch of his penis was electrifying. Her fingers flew away and immediately returned and, this time, closed around the massive thickness of his shaft. She pulled his shorts down and freed his penis. He stepped back and she looked down. It was the loveliest thing she had seen. Seven inches long, still limp, it was an inch and a half thick. His balls were heavy and low. She cupped them gently and squeezed his penis, drew her fingers tenderly up and down its length, examining its contours. It was smoothly shorn down to the hilt and, though she did not know it then, she was soon to learn the reason for this. He smiled at her awe and she felt his hands pushing her gently to her knees.

With a shuddering moan, she slipped to her knees before her Kamesh. He looked down at her and nodded.

"Come ... frig me ... like this ..."

He guided her hand and showed her how to masturbate him, flipping his foreskin back. His cock-head was thick and dark.

"You want it, don't you?"

She nodded, her eyes riveted on his penis, the first she had known, the first of a long succession of cocks that were to revel in her flesh.

She jerked it with increasing confidence as it stirred and began to lengthen and thicken in her hand.

"You must take it in your mouth and suck it. Use your tongue especially."

Moaning softly, Rama caressed her face with his cock, her eyes half closed. It felt wonderful, warm and heavy and thick, more erotic than anything she had imagined. It smelled musky and sexy. Her head swam with excitement.
