 Under the covers, in the darkness of the night, Jayanessa first pictured her first boyfriend in her mind and how she had fallen for him. She dreamt of how she had lay naked with her young love and how he had introduced her to the joys of sex. 

Closing her eyes, she reached down to let her fingers wander under her silky panties to touch her sensitive slit. Never before had she found the need to play with herself, but tonight she needed to quell the itch between her thighs. Her body began to shiver in excitement as she touched her sensitive clit, rubbing it as her body shuddered in search for the relief she desperately needed. 

But as her body quivered in the throes of a mild orgasm, it was the picture of young Ajit floating in her mind. 

Panting for breathe, her body relaxing after achieving the much needed orgasm, Jayanessa slipped out of bed to make her way to the bathroom. The crotch of her panties was sopping wet with her love juices and she needed to change if she was to get any sleep. 

She felt so guilty at what she had done, not for masturbating to relief herself but for having pictured her young neighbor as the lover who was giving her the needed joy. 

The next day at gathering, Jayanessa blushed when she gazed upon Ajit as he entered the hall. Quickly she lowered her gaze as he turned to look at her. She felt the blood rushing through her entire body and just hoped that she was not blushing from embarrassment. Fortunately there were about five more minutes before meals was to begin, giving her time to compose herself. 

Ajit had in fact noticed his beautiful slut quickly turning away when he had looked in her direction. The way she blushed, he knew that she felt some attraction to him. He was happy that the feeling was mutual for he just couldn't stop staring at her beauty. How he had dreamed of her each night when he went to bed. 

How he had jacked off, imagining he was naked in bed with her.

Ajit knew he could get any girl in the high gathering that he chose but the high gathering girls seemed so immature. 

It was the beautiful Mrs. Nessa that turned him on with her maturity and beautiful dress. 

When meals began, Jayanessa assigned an in meals plate and errand that would keep the inmates occupied. She just felt too nervous to serve on this day, nervous at what had taken place the night before. She watched as all the inmates groaned at the assignment, then get busy writing. 

She pretended to be standing at her podium but she couldn't help but notice that from the back of the room Ajit kept stealing glances up at her. 

Jayanessa swallowed hard as she observed the normally confident young man look a bit flustered, squirming a bit from time to time in order to adjust the bulge in his crotch. She could tell that he seemed a bit flustered today, so much different from his normal self. She swallowed hard as she saw him adjust his pants again, pulling at the bulge in his crotch. 

Fifty minutes later, Jayanessa glanced up to see Ajit with his eyes closed while taking deep breaths. She was worried about him, wondering if he was in fact ill. Not wanting the other inmates to notice Ajit's situation, she merely got up from her podium and slowly walked about the meals, looking down at some of the papers being written, then she was in the back of the room near the handsome hunk. 

All Ajit could think about was the lovely Mrs. Nessa, how mature and sexy she was in her neat petticoat, blouse, and white heels. He just couldn't do the assignment, his mind only filled with the sexy images of his beautiful slut. His cock was throbbing, threatening to burst through his tight fitting jeans. 

His eyes closed, wishing he could be with her, to somehow find a way to merely touch her. 

Total lost in his dreams, Ajit was unaware that his beautiful slut had gotten up from her podium and was nearing him. He had been with many a young girl never with anyone like the woman of his dreams. 

He was suddenly startled by the soft tender touch upon his shoulder and the sexy voice of Mrs. Nessa asking "Are you feeling okay, Ajit?"

Jayanessa gasped softly as she felt the handsome young body shiver upon her touch. She swallowed deeply as it was the same type of shiver that she had felt coursing through her husband's body when he reached his peak and climaxed. 

What shocked her was what she had observed on the paper before he moved his arms to cover it up. 

It had read 'I love you, Mrs. Nessa!' With Ajit nodding that he was fine, Jayanessa nervously continued walking about the other end of the hall. 

Finally making her way back to her podium, Jayanessa sat back down and pretended to read again. But she couldn't help but to sneak a glance up at the handsome young man in the back of the room. 

Seeing him, she let one hand slip below the podium top and rested it on her thigh. She knew she should stoop but slowly her hand crept up to her silky panties, touching her sensitive slit, causing an immediate shiver shooting through her body as a mild orgasm coursed through her. 

When the bell sounded that meals was over, the inmates filed up to put their papers into the tray, face down. 

The last one to pass her podium was the embarrassed Ajit, Jayanessa noticed that he held his plates in a manner that covered the front of his jeans. She wondered if in fact her touch had made him cum in his pants and that he was trying to cover himself up. When the hall was empty, Jayanessa grabbed the stack of papers and looked at the one on top, the one that was placed there by the handsome youngman. 

She gulped as she read the contents "Mrs. Nessa, I'm sorry!" and it was signed by the youngman. 

Meanwhile Ajit quickly made his way to the locker room at the field house to get ready for football practice. 

Fortunately, he kept an extra pair of jockeys in his locker for when he needed to change after practice. He needed to change out of his cum-soaked jockeys and to let the wet spot in his jeans dry out. 

He was worried about what Mrs. Nessa thought of him, embarrassed at what had occurred in the hall, knowing that she must have seen what he had written when she had leaned next to him. But now he felt some relief in the fact that she was aware of his love for her.

Unable to concentrate, Jayanessa had to get out of the hall, needing to get out of the gathering. Packing up her plates, she grabbed her purse and made her way out of the gathering and into her bicycle. 

she drove towards her home, she did not take her normal route but instead took the longer way home, using the route that would take her pass the football field. 

She shivered as she observed the star quarterback throwing the ball a long distance to one of his receivers.

Taking a deep breath, she stepped on the grass and made the walk home. 

It was a short walk home but to Jayanessa it seemed like it was taking an hour. Instead of stopping to pick up her young child from the sitter, she passed the sitter's home and drove up into her walkway. 

Picturing the handsome youngman in her mind, she let her hand wander over her blouse to cup a breast, and then touched her sensitive nipple. 

Once she had reached , she entered the privacy of her home and quickly made her way to the master bedroom. 

Closing the door, she kicked off her heels, and then peeled of her blouse. 

Closing her eyes, she let her hands wander over her trim belly, then up to her breasts. Pushing her lacy bra up and over her breasts, she fingered her sensitive nipples, all the while pretending that it was the handsome youngman that was touching her so intimately.

Quickly, Jayanessa stripped off her petticoat and her lacy panties, panties that were sopping wet at the crotch. 

She lay back upon the king-sized bed, and then arched her hips up into her teasing fingers, moaning "Ajit ...ohhhhh, Ajityyyy!" 

Her body tensed, shuddered in an orgasm, then finally her body began to relax as she settled back onto the bed. She lay there panting to catch her breath, feeling the wave of shame and humiliation that now began to overtake her emotions.

Here she was happily married with a beautiful little girl, yet she had just masturbated herself to a climax while wishing it was the handsome young stud bicycleessing her body. She felt so guilty as got back into her clothing, then left the home to pick up her little girl. 

That evening, Jayanessa cooked a nice meat for her husband, overridden with guilty that she had even thought of someone other than him. She knew her husband loved her very much but only wished he would be more romantic and take her whenever he wanted, take her like a 'real man' would, like she knew the handsome younger would if given the opportunity.

The next day, Friday, Jayanessa watched as the time slowly moved along. 

How she longed to have her last meals of the day, the meals that the handsome youngman was in, causing her to clench her thighs together to quell the itch emanating from between them. 

Finally the inmates of her last meals began to file into the hall. As the bell sounded for the start of meals, she looked up and was disappointed to see the empty chair in the back of the hall. 

Using her cell phone, Jayanessa called her husband to ask if he'd like to go to the football game that evening, telling him that she'd have the neighbor next door babysit their daughter for the evening. 

Sudesh enjoyed football games, especially pro-football for which he and his buddies had season tickets to every home game. 

Jayanessa was relieved that Sudesh had agreed to accompany her to the game, now she would have the opportunity to see her handsome neighbor in action. 

Sitting at the edge of the bleachers, next to where the players would run onto the field, Jayanessa looked down as the team began to gather at the opening. 

She had looked at the player roster and looked intently for #11, the star quarterback of the team and her handsome stud of a neighbor. She did not have far to look as he was obviously a leader on the team and in the first row of players below her. 

Then she saw him look up in her direction and give her a small wave. 

Jayanessa smiled and waved her secretively with her hand that was in front of her, hidden from her husband.

The two teams were supposedly a toss-up as to which was predicted to win.

Ajit had his best game ever and led the team to a runaway victory. He had that extra stimulation to perform well when he had come out of the tunnel. 

How he wanted to impress the woman of his dreams and had certainly done so on this night. 

Throughout that weekend, all Jayanessa could think about was the handsome hulk that she had watched intently during the game knew it was entirely wrong to think of her young neighbor in such a manner but she just could not shake the image of the handsome young man from her mind. 

Besides, she told herself that it was just a case of puppy love on his part, something that many youngmen go through with their infatuation with their sluts. 

In spite of it all, she longed to see him again in her hall. 

In his room, Ajit lay in bed during the weekend, constantly thinking of his lovely slut. He pictured how lovely she had looked as he had been about to run onto the field. The sight of her beauty had his blood pumping through his entire body and had him charged up throughout the entire game. 

Running off the field in victory, he returned her discreet wave to him. 

On Monday, as her last meals of the day commenced, Jayanessa and her handsome neighbor exchanged knowing glances and brief smiles to one another. 

Jayanessa had long to have this last meals so she could gaze upon the handsome young man that was in love with her. But she knew she could never encourage such a thing, especially since she was happily married with a child and beside that she was the young man's slut. 

Still, she couldn't help fantasizing being up close to the handsome youngman feeling his muscular arms around her. Once the meals began, time just flew by and the bell sounded for the end of gathering sending all the inmates rushing to the doorway.

When the bell rang, Jayanessa had been standing in front of the hall, going over a portion of the study material. 

She bid the inmates goodbye as they made a mad rush to the doors, announcing for the last one through each door to lock it. 

With the inmates leaving, Jayanessa turned and walked to the blackboard to erase what had been written earlier. 

The doors to the hall closed, all was silent in her hall as she began erasing the blackboards. She took a deep breath, glad that she had managed to see the handsome youngman again. 

In her preoccupation with her thoughts while erasing the blackboards, she had not checked to see that everyone had in fact departed from her hall. 

It was the very youngman who handsome features filled her mind that had remained in the hall, taking in the sight of her sexy body as she had to reach up to get to the top of the blackboards.

She froze to the spot when a voice just behind her asked "Can I help you do that, Mrs. Nessa?" The voice of the handsome youngman of her fantasies had her quivering in nervousness and her breathing became quite labored. 

Up until the time he saw his slut in the stands discreetly waving to him, Ajit had been quite worried of what Mrs. Nessa thought of him. 

He had been so embarrassed in knowing how he felt about her after seeing the paper on his podium, how the mere touch of her hand had sent shivers throughout his body and he had actually cum in his pants that day. 

But now, he knew that she had feelings for him even though she was married and had a little baby girl. He knew she would not give up those precious things and risk a scandal in an affair with one of her inmates. Still, he just had to be with her, wanting desperately to touch to soft petite beauty. 

Jayanessa took a deep breath as she felt the muscular body brush up behind her, closing her eyes to compose herself. Then she shivered as a large hand touched her upper right arm, then began to move upward while caressing her, then closing over her much smaller hand that held the eraser. 

"Oh, please ...please, Ajit ...this is wrong ...please, I'm married ...I have a child! Oh, Ajit ...no, stop, please ...you're my neighbor ...we ...We ...can't!" she stammered. 

Standing at 6'2" Ajit towered over his beautiful slut, he inhaled deeply to take in the fragrance of her sweet perfume. She had looked as sexy as ever on this day, wearing a light blue blouse, navy blue petticoat and white heels. 

Pressing up against her petite body, he bent his head down to nuzzle her soft dusky hair and to lick her tender ear. Then, his left hand moved up slowly first caressing her belly then up to cup her right breast. 

As his wet tongue traced her inner earlobe, he could hear and feel her heavy breathing caused by his closeness and intimate touch.

Rational thoughts disappeared from her mind entirely, she could only think of the handsome young man pressing up against her, touching her intimately. 

She had felt her nipples stiffen once he had brushed up next to her, now he was touching her right breast and flicking her stiff bud with his thumb. 

"Ohhhhh ...ohhhhhhh, Ajit!" she swooned as his hand moved in search of her twin nipple. 

She was helpless in his arms, unable neither to repel him nor to put up but mere token resistance to his advances. 

Fortunately the glass in the doors was frosted and one could not view into the hall, unable to view the unacceptable embrace between slut and neighbor. 

Breathing hard, Jayanessa's eyes closed as she leaned her head back against the broad chest, feeling the petticoat being pulled from her petticoat. 

Then she felt the strong hand slip under her blouse, gasping as she felt his hand upon her bare flesh of her belly. She took a deep breath as the wandering hand pushed up at her lacy bra, pushing the cups up and over her twin mounds. 

She sighed as her breasts were being cupped one at a time, with each nipple being lightly teased by the flicking fingers of the young hunk. 

Her right hand was slowly being drawn down with the eraser removing a portion of the white chalk writing. Her hand was drawn down to her side, still holding the eraser, and then Jayanessa felt a fumbling between their bodies. 

Seconds later, the large hand again bicycleessed her smaller one, taking the eraser from her hand and letting it fall to the floor. Her hand was then pulled back a bit and her tiny fist closed over a hot fleshy bar. 

She squeezed it hard and heard a groan emit from the handsome youngman, then she squeezed him again and began to slowly slide her hand up and down his swollen manhood. 

Gripping the thick pulsing shaft in her hand, Jayanessa was oblivious to the hands unbuttoning her blouse, and then the hands were at her waist trying to undo the button to her petticoat. Before she knew it, her navy blue petticoat lay in a puddle upon her white heels. 

A moment later, Jayanessa lay with her back on the cold hall floor behind her podium. 

She groaned as the young hands were now bicycleessing her through her thin lacy panties, a finger pressing her panties into her slick groove. "Oh, pleseeeeeez ...ohhhhhhhhh!" she groaned as a finger slipped under a legband of her panties and began tracing up and down her moist slit.

Moments later, her panties lay atop her fallen petticoat on the floor. The saree had come off much easily and was hanging on the ceiling phone where he had tossed it. 

Eyes closed and her back arched, Jayanessa moaned loudly as a sensitive brown dark nipple was being devoured by the lust hungry youngman who was teased her stiff nipple with his lapping tongue. 

"Ohhhhhhh ...please ...Ajit!" she moaned as he paid homage to her tender breasts and nipples. "Ohhh, Ajit ...noooo ...noooo ...not thereeee!" she panted, feeling the youngman hunks' tongue begin tracing a path down to her belly button and below.

Jayanessa was becoming frantic, her sensitive was secreting her love juices at the prospect of what might occur but she was so afraid of giving her entire being to this lustful youngman.

She arched up as the handsome youngman nuzzled his face into her soft golden fleece while in search for her most private treasure. 

"Oh, Ajit ...no ...no, please ...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Godddddddddd!" she pleaded, and then groaned as his mouth clamped over her slick jewel never before had she ever experienced the sensation of being eaten by her lover, always forbidding her husband from obtaining the pleasure of feasting upon her most private part. 

Lifting her knees, Jayanessa planted her heels into the slippery linoleum floor and grasped the youngman's long hair as she arched her hips up into his hungry mouth. At the angle her legs were positioned in, the soles of her heels slipped a bit each time she arched up into her young lover's slurping mouth. 

"Ohhhh, God ...God ...ohhhhhhh, I'm cummingggggg ...ohhhh, Ajityyyyyy ...ohhhhhhhhh, yesssssssss!" she groaned, body arched up high as she fed the young youngman her sweet love nectar.

Burrowing his tongue deeply into his lovely slut's love slit, Ajit lapped up the tasty feast. He just couldn't not comprehend that he had gotten this far with the woman of his dreams, especially since she was married and had a child. 

Furthermost, she was the slut and he was merely her neighbor. He gazed up to see the beauty sprawled on the floor with her blouse pulled apart and her lacy blue bra pulled up to her neck. She looked so beautiful with perfect breasts and its matching pink nipples. 

He gazed down to her golden fleece that was matted with the mingling of his saliva and her love juices. 

Moving over to kneel between her widespread thighs, Ajit shuffled up to place his throbbing manhood up against her moist slit. With his beautiful slut lying helplessly prone before him, he leaned forward pushing his thick cockhead into her tight slit. 
