 The blood sang in Suseela's veins, roared like thunder in her head. 

She had tamed her nephew Kamesh and here he was back from fucking Rama and Jayasena at Kakinada – he had duped them into believing back at the College, he was so badly itching to taste his aunt that he returned to his grandparents' place soon.

Suseela had promised Vatsala a share of the Kamesh pie and this visit he would be 'introduced' for the 'intercourse' soon maybe in 2-3 days. 

Every nerve and every fiber quivered alive. 

It seemed almost as though every corpuscle, every cell, every part of her body had joined in the rising, throbbing demand for release, sweet, blessed release, relief that would not come. She had never been fucked like this.

Kamesh had been fucking her without a pause for the past ninety minutes.

Despite everything she did to him and for him, despite the number of times his cock entered her cunt, her mouth, even her anus, somehow, magically, he never came. 

Suseela was a mass of jangled nerves and trembling limbs. Dizzy with the incessant pleasure, part of her mind wanted to scream in frustration while exulting in the sweet agony of his skill.

She lay on her back on the sweat-soaked rumpled sheets of the king-size bed, her body writhing and jerking uncontrollably, her voice erupting in cracked, rattling moans as he fucked her rhythmically and unhurriedly. He had been fucking her like this for ten minutes already and he didn't seem the least bit strained or out of breath. 

He kept plunging in and out of her cunt with a wonderful, stabbing, snapping motion, thrusting in, pausing for the tiniest fraction of a second, slipping outward, thrusting in again, and yet again.

Her body whipped and jerked on the bed, her swollen breasts hurting as they jiggled, her nipples aching with the tension. Her groin seemed to have a life of its own as her hips pumped and bucked in unison with his thrusts. She dug her fingers into the thick rounded bunches of muscle in his outstretched arms. 

Her face, contorted with lust, the nostrils flared, eyes closed, mouth open, flipped from side to side. Her voice rang in her ears.

"Ah uh ah uh ah uh ah uh ah uh yes oh god yes uh ah uh ah uh ah uh ah uh ah uh yes oh god oh god uh yes oh ma uh yes oh ma uh yes oh god yes fuck me yes uh oh yes oh fuck me yes oh yes!" she gasped.

She heard him chuckle softly and felt him begin to move faster. She gasped and moaned, her cries rising, getting louder and shriller and more obscene as he gathered speed, piston powerfully in and out of her cunt. His hands suddenly flipped up to her breasts, crushing them under his weight, pinning her beneath him and she gasped, writhing in a feverish delirium under him. 

His cock was like the arrow of god, pulverizing her molten cunt-flesh without respite in its passage.

The young woman's orgasm loomed and, sensing it, he slowed at once and slid smoothly out of her. Suseela groaned in despair. He smiled gently.

"Not long now," he murmured. "Another few minutes."

He turned her on her side and, lying behind her, lifted her upper leg up and back over his thigh and squeezed his cock into her cunt again. Suseela gasped as the huge cock surged into her cunt, driving an enormous wall of liquid fire before it, consuming her flesh from end to end. 

In and in it went and the twenty five-year old thought it would tear her body in two and rip out of her throat. Her breath rattled in a low, guttural moan and her belly snapped inward and her cunt convulsed on the huge, throbbing penis.

"OHHHHHHHHh uhh Oh ma uhhhhhh OHHHHHHHHH!" she called.

He put an arm around her, squeezing her breasts, tormenting the swollen flesh, pinching and tweaking her rigid nipples, making her gasp and shudder. His other hand on her flared hip, he began fucking her rapidly, jerking her body back and forth on the bed before him snapping his hips to and fro. His thighs pummeled her smoothly curved buttocks with loud slaps as his gargantuan cock plowed and piston and crushed in and out of her cunt. 

Suseela moaned and cried out, her body snapping and jerking under his thrusts. Nearly 6 years younger to her this nephew was a trophy worth the prize in her possession.

"Ohhh uhh Oh ma uhh oh uh oh ma uh ahhh uh yes uh oh ma uhh *hanh* uhhh ohhh uh oh uh ohh uh oh uh oh uh OHHHHH!" she called.

Faster and faster he went, his buttocks flexing and un-flexing in a powerful rhythm, his enormous cock sawing in and out of her cunt, appearing and disappearing between the smooth curves of her buttocks as his hips crashed at them. 

She twisted her face over her shoulder and he kissed her hard, jamming his tongue into her mouth. 

Her body shone with sweat and, breaking the kiss, he lapped at a thin rivulet of perspiration that coursed behind her ear and down the nape of her long neck. Suseela moaned, shivering in delight.

"C'mon, my Suseela Aunty whore ... take it!" he rasped, his tongue sweeping through her ear. "Take it, you bitch, take it!"

Suseela moaned, thrilling at his words and she writhing moved her buttocks against his crotch, shoving her cunt down greedily on the enormity of his piston penis. 

Kamesh grunted and, slowing, gently eased her onto her front without pausing in his in-out motion, without moving his cock out of her cunt. 

Suseela groaned, her body bent low and angled forward, her face and shoulders on the bed, her head turned to one side. 

Kamesh shuffled his legs wide, straddling her flared hips, then moved them wider still in a great obtuse V and leaned forward over her, thrusting his hands under her breasts, squeezing and crushing them in his palms, jamming his mouth to hers again.

"That's it, bitch!" he grunted. "Hard and deep!"

Beneath him, Suseela moaned thickly as the huge cock surged into her cunt, crushing and scrunching through her cunt-flesh, mashing her clitoris in its awesome passage. In and in he went, burying himself in her to the hilt.

"Oh ma uhhhhh ahhhhhhhh uhhh oh god yes!" she gasped, her head snapping up, her face twisting and contorting in a rictus of joy.

Slowly he slid outward, making her gasp at the release in pressure in her slit. He paused for a fraction of a second with just his cock-head embedded between her cunt-lips and then, flexing his buttocks powerfully, drove his cock into her again.

Beneath him, Suseela cried out, her body arching and tensing as the huge penis seared inexorably inward, driving the breath from her body. 

Again he drew out and plunged in and yet again and gradually began to pick up speed. 

His cock ran smoothly in and out of her cunt, appearing and disappearing between the curves of her buttocks, squelching audibly into her tight, hot slit.

His buttocks flexed and un-flexed rhythmically and his hips rocked and swung, snapping at the waist, bobbing and bouncing up and down over her buttocks. Faster and faster he went and, beneath him, the younger cried out thinly, her body jerking and snapping with his thrusts. 

She just wished there were cameras in the room catching the glorious close-up shots of his cock pulverizing her cunt, his buttocks flexing and un-flexing, his tight anus winking alternately. Next time - maybe when he fucks Vatsala, it was anyways going to be 1at night typical Telugu bride on her nuptials' night fuck - all planned and soon. White embroidered saree milk glass and all that goes - Vatsala a commercial whore was looking forward to this 'present' from Suseela - 'Soon'.

His massive muscles rippled and corded smoothly and the huge thick-veined shaft glistened and shone with their co-mingled coital juices as it piston up and down and in and out like a mechanical device. 

Up and down and in and out it went, pulverizing her tender, throbbing, wet

Cunt-flesh.

"OH! OHMA UH OH UH OH UH OH UH OH UH OH UH OH UH OH UH OH MA UH AH UH OH UH AH UH OHHHHHHH!" Suseela shrieked in an agony of delight as the huge cock plundered her flesh without respite.

"Yeh c'mon take it take it bitch come on you fucking whore take it!" he grunted. "Yeh that's it c'mon take it yes oh fuck yes oh yes oh fuck yes!"

"OH uh Oh uh OH uh OH uh OH uh OH uh OHHHHHHH!" she went.

Unbelievably, he went faster still, plunging in harder and deeper, his cock ramming and reaming and thundering in and out of her cunt. 

Suseela almost passed out with the pleasure of it. Her orgasm rushed at her and, this time, he let it run and it crashed over her like a bolt of lightning, hitting her cunt and breasts and her body, making her arch stiffly and cry out, tendons popping in her long neck, her fingers scrabbling at the sheets her face arched and twisted in a stricture of lust. 

Her cunt convulsed frantically on his piston, thrusting penis and he grunted thickly, crushing her breasts in his hands. On and on it went, wave after wave of pleasure swamping her body.

Kamesh groaned softly and jerked into her with a snap, once, twice, three, four ... a dozen times, making her body snap with his thrusts, drawing a shuddering moan of pleasure from her. 

His cock buried in his sexy and desirable Aunt's slit, his hips twitching at her buttocks, he exploded and Suseela moaned, her eyes widening in shock as the awesome flood of his loins saturated her cunt, jet after jet of hot jizz shooting and stinging into her cunt in an endless stream, cannonade of spoot making her body jerk sexily as his cock spat his angry, molten load. 

He emptied himself in her and the jizz seeped from her cunt and dribbled out of her cunt-lips.

With a satisfied sigh, he slid slowly out of her. Suseela moaned and sank down on the bed, her body trembling with shock in the aftermath of the storm that had caught her, her chest heaving hugely. 

Kamesh kissed her tenderly and took her in his arms. She groaned, her head on his chest, her eyes closed. He toyed with gently, kissing her lips and eyes, caressing her slender, curved body. 

Suseela moaned. 

His very touch was erotic. Her fingers traced the contours of his magnificent torso and crawled down to his crotch. 

She expected to find his cock limp; instead it was rock-hard and throbbing. 

Her eyes flew open in surprise and she looked at him. He chuckled softly, kissing her again.

"Don't worry about that," he murmured. "You were very good. It's just that I want to fuck you again if you will let me."

Suseela glowed with pleasure and pride. He, the master of the mall asking her permission! He could have just mounted her without her consent and she would have had to let him do what he wished. 

But no, he was as concerned for her as for himself he any other lover. Her face was radiant and suffused with pleasure. She lapped at his small, dark, hard nipple and, sliding over his body, began to snake her way down to his crotch, rubbing her swollen breasts against his body and cock. 

Kamesh sighed back, eyes closed.

"C'mon ... suck my cock," he murmured.

Suseela's lips fluttered over his penis and he groaned thickly as they parted and she took his cock in her mouth and began to suck him off. He yielded to the pleasures of her cock-sucking; she was surprisingly adept at it and it was obvious she enjoyed it. 

He craned his neck and watched as she lapped lasciviously at his bulging cock-head, her fist curled around his thick cock-shaft, her head tilted to one side, her eyes hooded, her lips parted, her glistening white teeth and pointed tongue working his cock-head hungrily. 

He bucked his hips under her face, holding her head and moving it up and down over his lap. Her soft cheeks on his crotch and her swollen breasts on his thighs felt sexy and erotic.

"Mm ... yeh ... that's good ... keep sucking, bitch ... that's good ... yes ... that's it ... yes ... suck harder, you whore! C'mon! Do it!"

Suseela thrilled to hear the un-faked delight in his voice. She sucked his cock with renewed vigor and ardor, her head bobbing up and down over his lap, her tongue lapping at the slippery gunk that coated his shaft and cock-head. The mingled tastes of his jizz and her cunt-juice on his cock aroused her. His cock spurted pre-cum gunk and she moaned and swallowed it greedily.

He pulled at her head and, groaning, she slid up over his body, her tongue over his torso, swirling it through his hollow navel, moving higher, sucking and licking his nipples, lapping at the thin film of sweat on his body, brushing her breasts over flesh. He chuckled as she straddled his hips smoothly and leaned forward on outstretched arms.

"C'mon whore ... sit on my dick," he grunted, sliding his hands up the younger's, superbly curved body, cupping her generous, swollen breasts, pinching and tweaking her rigid nipples.

Suseela moaned, her long dark hair cascading over her shoulder, framing her lovely face with a glossy curved curtain. She hips over his cock and moving it to her cunt-lips, slowly impaled herself on the huge penis. 

It bit into her cunt-flesh and, as she forced her hips lower, seared upward into her cunt. She gasped, biting her lower lip, her eyes fluttering shut, her face arching. Kamesh arched his hips under her, sending his cock surging into her cunt. She moaned in bliss, her cunt convulsing on the enormous intruder.

"C'mon, Suseela pinni ... take it!" he grunted.

Bent over him on her knees and arms, Suseela began rocking up and down over his lap, sliding her cunt up and down the length of his hugely swollen, long, throbbing penis. Kamesh let her take the lead and then moved with her, matching her rhythm perfectly.

Suseela moaned and gasped as his hips rose to meet hers in descent. Her cunt rocked up and down the length of his enormous penis, her buttocks flexing and un-flexing and bouncing off his thighs. 

If there were cameras they would have behind her take loving close-ups of her wet cunt grinding along his cock-shaft, of his glistening shaft appearing and disappearing between the lobes of her buttocks and the soft lips of her slit.

"Ohhhh uhh yes uhh Oh ma uhhh yes!" the twenty five-year old gasped.

Faster and faster she went, her breasts bouncing and jiggling, her face radiant with a soft suffusion of passion. Her cunt and loins burned with excitement, her breasts were swollen and her nipples ached with the tension. The blood pounded in her head again. Arching, she twisted an arm behind her, cupping his balls and squeezing them eagerly, whining in pleasure as he bucked up and down beneath her.

"Now," he murmured. "Show me what you can do."

For a second, the woman didn't understand. Then she sensed movement and her eyes opened and grew wide with shock and surprise. Two men had entered the room. They approached the bed, naked, grinning, masturbating their long, thick cocks. Under her, Kamesh chuckled softly.

"Yeah. Take one in your ass and one in your mouth. C'mon. Show me you can do it!"

Suseela trembled with excitement. She turned her face and one of the men pushed his cock into her mouth. She gasped and took it between her lips and sucked it hungrily, rocking her head back and forth. The man grunted, fucking her face unhurriedly for several minutes, pumping his hips to and fro. Then he pulled away and the second man took his place. 

Suseela felt the first man move behind her and, understanding their intention now, she pressed her cunt down on Kamesh's cock and leaned forward with a shuddering moan. 

Her buttocks split open, exposing the dainty puckered flesh of her anus. The man behind her pressed his cock-head to her anus. Suseela tensed for a moment, pausing in her sucking of the first man's cock.

With a soft grunt, the man behind her flexed his buttocks slowly and eased his hips forward. His cock-head popped into her tight rear-channel. Suseela shrieked thinly as the huge penis burned into her asshole. He drove it in deeper and deeper in a slow, relentless thrust that forced her cunt down harder on Kamesh's penis. Her body thrashed wildly, her breath rattling in a broken, cracked, ululating moan.

"OHHHHHHHHHHH uh Oh ma uhhhh ahhh uhhhh OHHHHHHHHH!"

There was no pain, just a wild, indescribable joy as the two huge penises filled her flesh. Then the third man jerked her head to his crotch and stuffed his cock into her mouth. Suseela groaned deep in her cock-filled throat, her body pinned between the three men. 

As if on cue, they began fucking her together, moving in a superbly coordinated rhythm so that all three penises entered her cunt and mouth and ass together, slid out, ran back in again, and yet again. On and on they went and smoothly shifted into an intertwining, syncopated rhythm so that as one cock went into an orifice, the other two retreated. 

They were in no hurry and she could hear them grunting and chuckling in pleasure. Their hands were all over her, on her breasts and face and neck and buttocks and there were tongues in her ear, on her neck, on her breasts and she felt like one gigantic orifice from head to toe.

The three men fucked her in every orifice, taking their time, moving with practiced ease and unhurried, confident skill. Several minutes after they began, they stopped, drawing out of her one by one. Suseela shuddered and trembled, collapsing in a heap on the bed. Now none of them asked her if she wanted to continue. She had to. She no longer had a choice.

Kamesh stepped away and let the two men take her. They fucked her in turns at first, taking her hard and deep and fast. The first turned her on her back and pulling her legs wide in his hands, levering her thighs open with his knees, bent over her and quickly ran his cock into her cunt in a long, rushing thrust. The breath whooshed from her throat and she cried out, arching steeply.

"OHHHHHHHHH uhhh OH ma uhhhh ahhh uhhh OHHHH!"

The man grunted and began fucking her rapidly, heaving his hips up and down, pounding his cock in and out of her cunt, his buttocks flexing and un-flexing, his hips snapping rhythmically as he drove his enormous cock in and out of her cunt. 

thrashed and cried out, her body jerking and snapping with his thrusts, her breasts jiggling. Faster and faster the men went, ramming and reaming into her cunt.

"C'mon! Take it ... yeh ... take it, bitch ... c'mon!" he gasped.

Suddenly, unexpectedly, he jerked out of her and yielded his place in her flesh to his companion. 

The man turned her on her forearms and knees and slowly shoved his penis into her cunt from behind. Suseela moaned thickly, her head sagging, beyond caring what they did to her. The huge penis seared in her cunt as it surged deeper and deeper into her flesh. 

She moaned writhing her buttocks against him and he chuckled softly and fucked her deeply and heavily, crushing her cunt-flesh with his massive cock, squeezing and fondling her breasts as he moved, pinching her aching nipples. 

In and out his cock went, his thighs slapping loudly at her buttocks as he moved faster and faster, pummeling her body with his.

Then they took her together again, all three, Kamesh entering her cunt from beneath while the other two fucked her mouth and anus. 

Suseela writhed and thrashed in an agony of lust between them, her body streaming with sweat, every orifice filled. 

The three men grunted and chuckled softly, fondling her breasts, their penises sawing rhythmically in and out of her cunt and mouth and ass. 

The man in her mouth was the first to come, grunting softly as he exploding, shooting a thick wad of jizz down her throat and spattering her face and neck and breasts. 

Then the one fucking her ass came, his cock running deep into her rear channel and exploding, spurting thick jets of hot jizz into her anus. 

He drew out of her, still coming and shook his cock over her buttocks and back, splashing warm jizz on her smooth flesh, smearing it into her skin with his cock-head. Only Kamesh held back. 

The two men slipped out and murmuring their thanks left the room. Kamesh smiled up at her.
