 She was told a day earlier in the evening that Kamesh was coming the next day – maybe late night and he has formed his intentions clearly to have Jayanessa as soon as he reaches home – Rama was bewildered – the cousin was more keen in the neighbor and she was being slighted but not to worry – she was eyeing Ravi, Jayanessa's brother in law in whom luckily or strangely Jaya had no interest though he looked a hunk – a stud to Rama. She was going to taste him soon she had felt his prick the other day at the drama theatre while sitting next to the man and she found it turgid and thick through the jeans he was wearing – she was surprised the man was not wearing any underwear. 

The next day Kamesh arrived pretty late and Jayanessa had been creaming the whole day, she changed her panties six times what with the juices she was releasing and with the heat of Kakinada piling on she was on a spree of baths and shaving her pussy and ass and went to the parlour in the afternoon to properly get waxed –she was going to give her best body to her favourite lover and give him her holes in the most exciting and erotic manner – she wanted him not to look beyond her and she was going to make him pay for his deeds by drilling other women especially after she had willingly submitted to him – he should not have left like that. 

The recent fuck with Venkat was a nice distraction though she could have done nothing much about it – she needed some relief what with Sudesh and his prick not living to her expectations at all. 

Sudesh was sleeping outside along with the other men folk though they had an AC in the house – there was a custom in the building that the menfolk would sleep on the terrace and Jayanessa prayed he went on a tour which was the best option but somehow he was in town and did end up sleeping on the terrace that night – Kamesh arrived at 2 am in the morning and went to his aunt's place and Rama told him the plan – how he was supposed to sneak into the house and later into her pussy and ass, the keys were with her and he quickly took them and even before his aunt or Uncle or cousin realized- Kamesh had managed to key himself into the berdroom of his beloved whom he would fuck till 5 am in the morning – that was 3 hours and he was sure – he would get one good lick and suck and slicky blowjob and one full cuntal fuck and at least one drill of the slut and the pretty damsel's anal passage. That was his main interest – the bung hole – he loved her behind – the wide buttocks and her nice smelly and sexy ass and the asshole. 

She was waiting – she was in her half saree and no petticoat and no panty but a vermillion colored bra which she wore with no blouse over it and was expecting her lover to tear it apart before devouring her boobs – she wanted him to leave marks on her boobs – eat her boobs and teeth them properly and tear into her body with his teeth – tear her pussy neck navel midriff and of course bite into her anal passage and bring the areas of those sexy and fascinating sensuous parts of her body to real temperature of sexual unison and she wanted her body to be consumed by her lover – she wanted him to possess her completely. 

She was wearing her mangalsutra and a nice vermillion bindi on her forehead and her hands were circled with the gold bangles and a nice bracelet around her sexy sweating navel – which he would toy around with and tie his dick to it before exploding on her midriff and stomach with his jism and juices after she would give him the blowjob and suck him well and properly to a climaxing spurt of his huge volume juices his cock will release from the scrotum. 

Her nose was straight and strong, and her lips were full and luscious. Her eyes were large and wide, heavily lined with *kajal*. She had long, springy black hair tied in a plait that hung to her curved buttocks or worn coiled in a bun high on the back of her head. Dusky-skinned, she had attractive birth-marks on her face and body. Her breasts were large and heavy, superbly formed. She had a deep cleavage and long nipples in large, dark, velvet aureoles. The belly was firm and her hips flared around delectable buttocks to long shapely legs meant to curl about a man's pumping hips. 

Habitually, she wore a gold nose-stud, matching gold earrings, a lone bracelet on one wrist, several finger-rings, and a thick gold chain around her neck. Now, she wore nothing else.

She gasped, her mouth open in a large 'O', the breath hissing from her throat, hot on his face. Her body arched and bent in a taut bow, and her swollen breasts thrust upward. Waiting for Kamesh she moaned deliriously, clenching his bulging arms in delight. 

She spread her legs wider apart, her knees forking to draw him in even deeper. She could feel his grunt at the tightness of her cunt. She was incredible in bed, this one was going to be a special fuck for him and her of course.

He was there and he was caressing her face with his two palms slowly and inserted his fingers into her mouth while rubbing the thumb over the vermillion boobs – he had sneaked into the house and into the bedroom without a whimper of a sound and it was 230 am and she looked at him up in the ceiling – she was lying upside down – and whispered " You have time till 6 am and sharp you must vanish" 

He was already nude – he had come in his shorts and eased the cloth off his body and removed his T shirt and was completely nude – and presented his long still growing prick to his beloved – they both had been waiting for each other since 5 weeks now and that was a long waning pining and aching wait for the prick and the cunt and the ass on both the sides – and this early wee hours was when these were to enter into a perfect unison. 

The memory stirred Jayanessa. 

She looked up without pausing in her sucking of Kamesh's bloated cock. He lay back eyes closed murmuring in pleasure, his hands moving her head up and down his hips pumping at her face. She stopped for a minute and squeezed her breasts in a tight sheath around his cock. He groaned and she bent her head and took the cock-head that emerged from her breast-sheath between her lips. Her rigid nipples through the sexy bra raked his shaft.

The sensation was overpowering. His cock throbbed between her lips and breasts. She sensed the imminence of his orgasm and swiftly took his cock in her mouth. He moaned and yielded, gasping as the spoot-heat roiled up from his balls. His jizz spewed thick and hot into her mouth and she swallowed it greedily, her head swimming with its musky odour. 

Jerking his cock, she let jizz spatter on her face and breasts whimpering her gratitude, she took it in her mouth again it was still rock-hard. 

She knew that he could come again. 

He had the staying power of a bull. His spoot load was prodigious and moaning softly she straddled his hips, his cock in her hand and swiftly engulfed his rigid cock in her cunt.

"Mmmm ... I love your cock in my cunt and ass" she murmured, squirming on his lap.

Jayanessa was waiting in the master bedroom. Except her transparent chiffon half saree and the sexy bra she was naked. He stared at her. Her breasts were covered by the filmy material, but her belly and crotch were exposed to his gaze. Her eyes glittered with excitement. She lifted her *dupatta* over her breasts, lifting them in her hands.

"Fuck me," she said softly in Telugu, her voice filled with lust. "Fuck me hard in my pussy and Ass *Dengu nanu Kamesh phook lo nee modda vayi na gudda lo koda kaavali."

No introductions were asked for, none were needed. This was the best kind of sex, uncomplicated by any bond, an unabashed quest for physical gratification. They kissed hungrily, and her tongue was quick and eager in his mouth and her body was hot against his. She undressed him quickly and her cunt ground against his crotch and her breasts pressed warm on his chest. She slid a hand down to his groin and fondled his swelling penis. He groaned softly. She bent her head and sucked on his nipples, her fingers coiled around the long serpent of his penis. 

She fisted him slowly, feeling him harden in her hands, and slid to her knees before him. Flipping back his foreskin, she swirled her long tongue expertly over his cock-head. Her breath was warm on his tool-tip, and then her mouth enveloped his cock in its moist warmth. She began to suck hard on his penis, her head moving rapidly back and forth. He groaned and arched his head and wondered how often she had done this and with whom.

He fucked her mouth slowly, pumping his hips at her face, moving her head back and forth. His cock and her lips and cheeks grew shiny and sticky with his pre-cum gunk. He bent and fondled her breasts and found them swollen turgid, the rigid nipples quivering under his thumbs. His cock throbbed and pulsed ominously in her mouth. His cock was satisfyingly large, at least ten inches long and correspondingly thick. It was a long time since she'd had a cock as big. Its musky taste and the heady odour of his cum excited her. 

She was desperate for a fuck. She would offer him her mouth, her cunt, her ass, her breasts, any orifice he chose.

One hand on her head, he rocked her face rapidly back and forth, grunting in delight. He bent his head to watch his cock glistening in and out of her mouth. His hips pumped and his belly sucked in with tension. Her face distended with his throbbing erection and she sucked harder, jerking his shaft with firm fingers.

"Yeh ... suck it,Jayanessa bitch ... suck my cock ... oh fuck yes ... that's it, that's good ... c'mon ... suck my meat, whore ... oh fucking hell yes! *Cheeku na modda saani monda* ... *na modda ne cheeku lanja*!"

The spoot-heat roiled in his balls and he pushed her head away. Immediately, she turned around on her hands and knees on the floor like a bitch in heat and thrust her buttocks up at him. She spread her thighs and leaned forward on her forearms and reached down to spread her cunt-lips open. He could see the dewy beads of cunt-juice on her pubic fuzz. Her puckered anus enticed him and he debated whether to fuck her butt.

"C'mon lover ... fuck me...fuck me hard," she grunted.

He decided to fuck her cunt first. He dropped to his knees behind her and pressed his cock into the cleft between her buttocks. She felt his cock-head at her anus and promptly bent forward and clawed her buttocks open for him. He laughed softly.

"Later, whore," he said. "I'll fuck your ass later."

She nodded and spread her cunt-lips for him again. Slowly, he squeezed his cock-head into her. Jayanessa gasped as his penis seared into her flesh. The lover groaned and flexed his buttocks thrusting deep into her. Her cunt was a hot, wet vice that cramped and convulsed on his penis. His head arched in pleasure gritting his teeth, he swung his hips forward and thrust deep into her. Jayanessa cried out loudly as the swollen penis pierced her belly. 

Her breasts were hot and swollen and they jerked and jiggled as he rocked into her.

"C'mon slut ... take it!" the man gasped.

The obscenity aroused her. Moaning deliriously, she rocked back and forth on her hands and knees. Her cunt ran up and down the length of his shaft, impaling itself on his cock repeatedly. The lover took several deep breaths to regain control. He waited patiently on his knees behind her and caressed her back. He watched her cunt slide up and down his rigid penis and the sight aroused him. He prised her buttocks open and pressed his finger to her anus. She moaned and her sphincter yielded and he inveigled a thick finger into her ass. He slid his other hand under her belly and flicked her gorged clitoris back and forth. 

She gasped and whimpered her back bowing and arching, her body jerking and rocking under him. Her breasts swung with her motions and he squeezed them hard, rolling her rigid nipples in his fingers. Jayanessa's head snapped up and she moaned. Her cunt and breasts were fiery with lust. She moved faster. Her body rocked and jerked before him, her buttocks slapping loudly at his strong thighs. His balls pressed to her cunt-lips and he could feel the hot flow of her cunt-juices on his groin.

"Yes! C'mon ... c'mon, whore ... take it! *Lelerundi* ... *aurle*!*Purale*, *saalirahnd*! *Chul*! *Aurle*! Take my cock ... yeh! Take it all! Harder, bitch! Ohhhh yes! Yeh! UNHHhhh Yes! Ohhh godyes," he grunted, forcing her to go faster and faster, jamming her cunt back on his prick.

"Ohhhhh uhhhh OHHhhhh uhhhh OHhhh yes ohh god yes yes yes!" she responded.

He slid his fingers out of her cunt and ass and, his hands on her hips began to move. His hips pumped and swung back and forth each skewering thrust probing her cunt. He rolled his hips savagely and she and moaned as his cock ran into her cunt from all angles. It rasped against her inflamed clitoris, and she felt his heavy balls swinging at her cunt-lips. She stretched a hand between her thighs and squeezed his balls. He moaned and fucked her faster and harder. His balls were on fire. He began to sweat.

He pushed her down on her forearms, raising her buttocks higher. He spread his legs in a deep squat astride her hips and began to ride her. 

Her mouth split into a wide 'O' of pure lust as he ground his hips against hers. Then he fucked her hard with deep, punishing thrusts, his buttocks rising and falling, his penis going in and out of her cunt, glistening with their commingled juices. Her body jerked under his thrusts and she moaned loudly him to fuck her harder. He obeyed his mistress and started ram-fucking her cunt, thudding into her, his cock rasping in and out of her cunt with an audible rasp. 

She squeezed her breasts in frenzy as he moved faster and faster till he was rocketing in and out of her cunt like a dervish.

"Oh god oh ma unhh ohhh unhh ohhh unhh ohhh uhhh oh oh oh oh oh yes Ohhhhh yes Ohhh yes yes Ohhh god yes ... fuck me ohhh yes baby yes ... fuck me hard ... fuck me ... oh yes ... fuck my slit, lover ... fuck it hard!" Jayanessa chunnered. "*Dengu nannu gatti ka dengu na phooku ni pachchidi cheyi*!"

Jayanessa had an orgasm violently, shuddering and gasping as the heat swamped her. Kamesh was magnificent. He went on fucking her hard, right through her orgasm. She expected him to come inside her as she convulsed feverishly on his penis but, to her amazement and delight, he held back. She gasped softly in wonder and joy and heard him chuckle softly.

He slid his penis out of her. She turned on her back and he knelt over her head and slid his cock into her mouth. She sucked it greedily and gasped as he bent over her and thrust his tongue into her cunt. They sixty-nine slowly and she whimpered in pleasure, sucking and licking his cock and balls. Her cunt tingled pleasurably. This man was good. His body was hard and lean and smelled musky and erotic. His tongue was wonderful in her cunt, thick and heavy, flicking her inflamed clitoris incessantly.

Kamesh rolled off her and she knelt astride his groin, his cock in her hand. She guided it to her cunt and, with a shuddering gasp, squeezed the cock-head into her flesh. He grunted as the soft heat of her cunt-flesh enveloped him again. She paused with her hips high and just the cock-head inside her, forward with her hands on his chest.

Grunting with tension, gripping her buttocks, he fucked her furiously, ramming his hips up and down beneath her. She cried out, her head arching as the cock slammed in and out of her cunt. Her breasts bounced as his hips thumped against her buttocks. 

Then her buttocks crashed down greedily on his cock and he groaned as she began to rock and buck rapidly over him, her cunt sliding and down his pole in feverish excitement. 

Her head whipped back and forth and her breasts jiggled and bounced. 

He held her buttocks and moved her on his lap. She reached back to cup his balls. 

He gasped loudly as she slid her cunt down deep onto his cock and flexed and un-flexed her buttocks rapidly. 

Her cunt seemed to chew on his penis. She swung her buttocks round and round and her hand splayed flat on her belly and she fingered her clitoris. He watched her, deeply aroused. Faster and faster they moved and now she leaned over him on outstretched arms and rocked rapidly up and down on his cock. Her cries rang in his ears.

"Yes ... yes ... OHhh yes ... fuck me ... fuck me hard, motherfucker, fuck me hard! *Kamu*, *modda veyi*! *vesi naa phooku lo*,*lanja koduku!*"

"*Hanh*, *rundichul*! *Lele*! Take it, bitch! Take my cock! *Lemerelundko*! OHHHh yeh! C'mon you whore! Take it!" he replied.

Her buttocks caromed and bounced off his thighs, her cunt a hot, wet, greedy vortex of intense pleasure. He bucked furiously under her, making her groan and cry out in lust. Jayanessa's cunt blazed with heat and she soared up towards another orgasm. At the last minute, just before the sun broke through the clouds, she slid off his cock and turned on her back on the floor, spreading her legs and bending her knees. She clawed her cunt-lips open for him and reached for his cock as he moved between her thighs. He bent over her and slowly squeezed his cock into her cunt slowly with a loud gasp, Her back bowed and arched as his burning penis seared into her cunt. Her supple thighs coiled about his hips. 

She dragged his mouth to hers and kissed him deeply, her tongue feverish in his mouth.

"C'mon you motherfucker ... screw my slit," she muttered. "Screw me hard!"

"Yeh ... take it you whore ... take my cock," he rasped.

Stretched over her on outstretched arms, his cock still pushing into her constricting channel, gasping and making her moan in delight as it burrowed deeper and deeper into her, he fought to steady himself. His cock throbbed ominously, and the jizz roiled in his balls, aching for release.

Steadily, he drove himself deeper and deeper into her until he was fully embedded in her cunt, his cock in to the hilt. Jayanessa arched under him, her loins lurching up to his, her hands on his massive shoulders. He began to move and she responded eagerly, moving in unison with him. Soon, they were gasping and panting, their bodies streaming with sweat. Her body snapped back, her breasts jiggled his thrusts got faster, deeper, harder.

Within minutes, he was ram-fucking her furiously again. His head arched back and his buttocks plummeted up and down, up and down, up and down, his penis stroking powerfully in and out, in and out in and out of her cunt. Jayanessa moaned deliriously, her head whipping ecstatically from side to side.

"OHHHhh god yes yes ohh yes yes ... ohhhh yeh that's it ... c'mon fuck me lover ... yeh ... take me ... ohhhh yes!"

"Take it bitch ... yeh cunt ... take it all yes!" he returned.

She began to orgasm again and he kept fucking her, forcing her on to another orgasm and yet a third. She moaned and cried out, her body heaving and writhing and thrashing joyously under his.

Now he wanted her for his own pleasure. He jerked out of her and fucked her again, this time lying on his side and thrusting quickly into her from behind, lifting one of her legs high in his hand. He fucked her rapidly, one hand on her hip, the other on her shoulder, jigging her furiously up and down on his cock. Her breasts bounced and she cried out, her eyes closed, whimpering tiredly. The enormous cock was relentless in her cunt, thrusting angrily in and out of her cunt, his balls slamming against her buttocks and thighs. She came again and he swore violently, his cock jerking into her over and over. He struggled for control. Somehow, he managed to hold back. She bowed her head, panting and gasping, awed by his stamina and staying power. Rarely did a lover satisfy her thus. She sensed his desire and she satisfied it willingly.

Quickly, she got onto the nearest armchair on her knees, her hands clenching the backrest, her buttocks thrust back, proffering her anus. Gasping with excitement, the lover stood behind her and pressed his cock-head to her asshole. He was burning with lust. Her sphincter spasm once and he cried out, his head snapping back and jammed his cock into her asshole.
