 The 20 days at his grandparents place was a down the memory lane for Kamesh who at 54 today looks back at those days with love affection and lost lust which he pities having lost or given up, youth is the most prized possession in a man or woman's life and those who while it away have lost more than anything or anyone will or would in a lifetime. 

It was a summer time season and they all had descended in the small town, picked up from the nearest Railway station by the driver sent and reached the palatial cottage in 2 hours.

Kamesh till then in all his early visits had not been very close to his aunt –just 5 years older to him and now when he looked at her, he was stunned to see the damsel, at 23, she was a very beautiful woman, chiseled nose, high cheeks and dusky countenance and his cock swelled.

He knew it was wrong to think on those lines but sex and desires around it cross all boundaries and he now the mesmerizing beauty made him all of a sudden aware that this Aunt of his – who till his last visit a couple of years did not really mean much to him, did a cock stirring and was alluring and extremely desirable and if he tried the right moves, he could make her churn his dick in her caverns provided he could take her but will she yield? He knew that was to be tried and tested quickly, he did not have much time just 3 weeks and not more on this visit. 

Little was the young man aware that the same was going on in the mind of the 23 year old vivacious Aunt and she had made up her mind within seconds of the family walking in – she enquired on the duration of this visit and made all but little of her mind to take 'the' advantage if it provided and seduce the boy to the hilt. 

She was his aunt and had all the world's liberties with no one to doubt the intentions and she will and could brush anything she did or would do under the carpet of aunt-nephew relationship. 

That was the key which she would use effectively to open the lock of his crotch in her direction – tight and right into her caverns between the legs moist and sweaty waiting for a long overdue satiation she needed and this was the best she could think of – fat long young fresh cock and all in the Family. 

She was going to make the best use of these 22 days and the just 18 year old boy was going to become a man soon. The night was long and in the morning she was very disturbed to realize that the household was away to the rice fields miles away on the 'ritual' her father 'undertook' with all relatives who came to visit them. "Ohhhh shit – she wanted to be on this trip and make the best of the time – to 'seduce' HIM" - she missed the opportunity – at least the photo – op.

All morning long, Suseela had found the housework overwhelming. She had by mistake stayed home and not to get a day off from the stress of work, but found herself appalled at the state of the house and motivated to get it clean. 

The phone rattled her from her mood as she was brushing the broom around the floor. 

She ran to pick up the receiver, with a curt "Hello".

"Girlfriend, you sound stressed," said the voice on the other end, her college friend, Vatsala and flinched at the reproach in her voice.

"I'm sorry Vatsala, I've just been cleaning the damn house all morning and I can't seem to get caught up with it."

"Hey, I understand," said Vatsala, "been there, done that, bought the nice half cut saree. Maybe you need to take a break and get out for a little bit. 

How about I take you to the Temple and have a 'holy lunch'?"

Suseela thought about it for a moment, a slight feeling of comfort washing through her for Vatsala thinking about having fun after all others left her and went off to the farms.

And the idea grew on her and she found herself saying yes of the housework still to be done.

"Great, then I'll be by in about a half hour. See you then."

Vatsala was 22 years old and both were doing their post graduation in Humanities from the local college. 

Vatsala had an interesting background, she was a prostitute but a sophisticated prostitute a daughter of Amani who herself was in the flesh trade for nearly 30 years now and had a son and Vatsala – she did not want Vatsala to enter the profession but circumstances of sex craziness and must be the DNA made Vatsala take up to the trade and money made it more lucrative.

She chose her clients carefully and most were approved by mother Amani who personally guarded and guided the whore in her career. It was 4 years now and Vatsala had been so choosy that she had a very small clientele and her charges in that period (70s) were Rs 300-400/- per hour and she got paid for it. 

This story will not dwell on Vatsala's prostitution – we will focus on the friendship with Suseela and how that yielded sexual releases and consummation resulting in huge copulation satisfaction for Suseela and how she ended up sharing some of her conquests with Vatsala who rarely got into delirious sexual satisfaction while whoring.

The men were men – merely fuck her or get raunchy and bloody manly which they could not with their domestic lives, rarely very rare, Vatsala found lovers in the flesh trade who were true and good lovers. 

As the two friends progressed in their relationship Vatsala knew her job was to initiate Susueela successfully into the game of sexual adventures – and this was not any ploy, it was something Suseela wanted badly and she was equally an interested partner wanting to enjoy the cock and its various tricks and forms in pleasing a woman, she was somehow extremely fascinated by the 'cock' and wanted it – one which was long big thick and huge and fresh but young. 

She lost her virginity a couple of years ago and it went well – she had no regrets, it was to one of lovers of Vatsala not the whore ones – others – the ones who gave her true love, her picked ones cherry picked. 

As their first year of college ended, Suseela and Vatsala headed home for Summer vacation. The two young ladies were 19 years old and had just finished their industrial tour of the year two days travel from home. 

They planned to leave early in the morning and spend the night in a town a little more than half way home.

Suseela is a virgin and very naive about sex, due to her strict upbringing. She has dated only a few times in the last year and has no steady boy friend. 

The very shy Suseela has an incredible body. She has long natural dark hair and black eyes. She stands 5'6" tall, the same height as Vatsala. Her measurements are 35D-22-34 and her sexual drive is untested.

Vatsala decided over the course of the year that Suseela needed loosening up. Suseela's conservative dress did not allow her to show off her assets. Vatsala loaned Suseela some of her sexy for special occasions. 

The outfits were revealing but not sluttish. Suseela's parents would not approve, however. Initially, Suseela was embarrassed wearing the sexy clothes. Her embarrassment evaporated, however, wth all the new attention she was getting. 

She began to like the looks coming her way.

Vatsala and Suseela wore half sarees on the trip home. The truck drivers they passed got quite a show. As the girls neared the half way point in the trip home, they noticed a noise coming from under the hood. 

Fortunately, they were only five miles from the guest house they planned to stay at. It was getting dark as they stopped at a gas station to have the car looked at. The mechanic on duty was a hunk. 

The patch on his shirt indicated that his name was Hamid. He was about 25 years old, had dark hair, blue eyes and was well built. He smiled when the two girls pulled in. Vatsala filled him in on the problem and he took a look the hood.

Hamid studied the situation, poked around here and there then walked over to the girls to give his appraisal. He told Vatsala that the repair was simple, but that it required a part he didn't have. 

He added that he could get the part at the parts shop in the morning. Hamid offered to give the girls a lift to the GH.

Vatsala smiled at Hamid and said, "Would you Hamid? That would be great." Suseela gave Vatsala a worried look. She was obviously uncomfortable with the situation. Hamid, however, seemed to be a nice guy.

The three traded introductions then Vatsala asked, "Hamid, would you stop at a store so we can get some food?"

Hamid said, "Sure thing, Vatsala." The girls went inside the store and bought snacks and soft drinks while Hamid kept the motor running, his own motor had begun to rev up with the site of these two foxes.

They drove to the Guest House and the girls checked in. Vatsala invited Hamid to the room to have some food. Hamid accepted eagerly. Once settled, Hamid eyed the two women and said, 

"You ladies are just about the prettiest women I've seen in a long time.

Vatsala smiled mischievously, while Suseela blushed. Vatsala said, "You're not so bad yourself, Hamid."

Hamid smiled and said, "Aw Vatsala, I'm just a toad. It's not often a guy meets a princess, much less two." Although Hamid's line was a little corny, it put Suseela more at ease and started a fire burning in Vatsala.

Vatsala said coyly, "You're no toad. I've never seen a toad with muscles like yours."

Hamid flexed his arms slightly and said, "You like my muscles, huh Vatsala?"

Vatsala said "Yes, but I can't see them very well with your shirt on." Hamid liked the way this situation was developing. Vatsala was getting hotter by the minute and she knew she would end up in bed with Hamid. 

The problem was, what to do with Suseela.

Vatsala asked Hamid in a cute little voice, "Why don't you take your shirt off and show us your muscles?"

As Hamid complied, Suseela developed a worried look again. However, when Hamid had completely removed his shirt and stood there sort of posing and flexing, Suseela's expression turned from worry to amazement. Hamid's torso rippled with muscles. 

He obviously worked out a lot.

Vatsala leaned over and whispered to Suseela, "Isn't he gorgeous?"

Flushed and whispered back, "I've only seen bodies like that on the cover of romance novels. I never thought any man really looked that way, though."

It was apparent that Suseela's interest was peaking. Vatsala whispered, "I want to see all his muscles."

Suseela opened her mouth in astonishment then whispered, "You mean you want to see him naked?"

Hamid interrupted, "Hey, what are you girls talking about, in secret?"

Vatsala told Hamid, "Suseela wonders what all your muscles look like."

Suseela's mouth flew open as she turned to Vatsala and hit her on the arm. She yelled, "Vatsala! YOU said that." Suseela was quite embarrassed.

She saw a big grin form on Vatsala's face and turned to see what had caused it. Hamid had dropped his pants, revealing a pair of very brief underwear.

The bulge in the front confirmed that his muscles were large all over. Without hesitating, Vatsala marched over in front of Hamid, dropped to her knees, lowered his briefs, grabbed his cock and inserted it between her lips. 

It immediately began to grow. Vatsala was initially able to get all of Hamid in her mouth. However, as Hamid's cock began to grow, it pressed against the back of her throat. She then worked on just the head while massaging Hamid's balls.

Vatsala became aware that Suseela was trying to get her attention. She looked up at Hamid and said, "Excuse me?"

Hamid replied, "Hurry back."

Vatsala met Suseela across the room and asked, "What Suseela?"

Suseela said, "Do you know what you're doing?"

Vatsala said, "I'm giving Hamid head. You ought to try it."

Suseela counters, "But I've never... I would never do any thing like that."

Vatsala simply said, "Too bad," and turned back to Hamid.

"Wait," said Suseela, "what's it taste like?" Vatsala saw a flicker of curiosity cross Suseela's face.

Vatsala grabbed Suseela and said "Come on and try it."

Suseela yanked back, "But I don't know what to do."

Vatsala saw now that Suseela was getting hot, but that she was apprehensive and a little scared. Vatsala smiled and said, "It'll be fun. Just do what I do. I know you'll love it."

Suseela allowed herself to be pulled over to Hamid who had been foisting his cock waiting for Vatsala's return.

Hamid's eyes lit up when he saw both girls walk over and kneel in front of him. Hamid said, "This is a dream come true."

Vatsala giggled and Suseela smiled nervously. Vatsala took Hamid's cock and licked the head a few times then offered it to Suseela and said, "Just lick the head."

Suseela slowly and awkwardly stuck her tongue out and swiped at the head. Nothing horrible happened so she licked again, this time lingering to get a taste. Suseela observed, "It doesn't taste bad and it's very smooth. It feels good on my tongue." She licked some more, then experimenting on her own she put her full lips around the head and sucked.

It was obvious that Suseela liked what she was doing. Her libido urged her on. She began to take more of Hamid's cock in her mouth. Hamid's cock was about eight inches long and about five inches around. It was not huge however it was above average in size.

It was a good training size and Suseela appeared now to be an enthusiastic student. She managed to get about five inches in her mouth before gagging. Hamid popped Suseela's large tits out of her flimsy blouse top beneath the half sari and began squeezing her nipples. 

It was a wonder that the top was able to hold Suseela's massive boobs. The fact that the top held was a testament to the firmness of her tits. Suseela started moaning as Hamid tweaked her nipples.

Suseela bobbed up and down on Hamid's cock with increasing speed as Vatsala licked Hamid's balls. This caused Hamid's breathing to increase. He was getting the treatment of a lifetime and it had been a while since he had any treatment atall. He began to moan louder and louder. Hamid bellowed in a strained voice, "I'm cummmmming." Vatsala stopped licking Hamid's balls and moved back.

Suseela wasn't sure what was happening as she sucked on Hamid's meat. Suddenly she felt a warm liquid in her mouth. 

She jerked back with surprise causing Hamid's cock to pop out of her mouth. Hamid continued to pump cum out of his dick in large quantities. 

second stream shot into Suseela's retreating mouth, joining the first squirt. Hamid's sperm then drooled out of Suseela's mouth and onto her tits. 

The next two spurts hit her chin and joined the others on her chest, the remaining cum just leaked out in a steady stream for a few seconds onto the floor.

Suseela finally realized what had happened and looked at Vatsala. Vatsala began to laugh, causing Suseela and Hamid to laugh as well. 

Suseela noticed that the taste of the cum was not bad. It was an interesting salty taste. She dipped a finger into one of puddles on her tit and put it in her mouth. "Yummy," Suseela said.

Vatsala looked at her and said, "You mean you're eating that stuff."

Suseela replied, "It tastes good. Try it."

She offered Vatsala a scoop. Vatsala grimaced and said, "I don't know."

Suseela then said, "I thought I was the rookie here."

Dared into it, Vatsala took the finger in her mouth and smiled, "It is good." She then dipped her own finger in the goo and joined Suseela in the feast.

Once the girls had lapped up all the cum on Suseela's tits, they spit shined Hamid's cock. Suseela asked Hamid, "Can I get some more of that stuff."

Hamid replied, "I'd like to help you out, but it will be a little while before I can make more."

Suseela pouted then asked, "When will that be?"

Hamid answered, "I have to meet a buddy of mine in about half an hour. 

When I tell him about you two ladies, he'll beg me to meet you. I'd guess we should be back in about an hour." Hamid left the two girls excited and as horny as ever, Vatsala and Suseela could not wait for Hamid to return with his friend.

An hour had passed and Suseela and Vatsala were anxious for Hamid and his friend to return. Vatsala, wanting a sure thing, told Suseela that she would take Hamid. Vatsala figured that Hamid's friend might not be as good looking and besides, Suseela had kept Hamid to herself earlier and it was now her turn.

Suseela, although very excited, was not sure she wanted things to go much further. 

A blow job was one thing, but full intercourse was another. Suseela, after all, was still a virgin. Vatsala told Suseela that she was old enough for sex and advised her to enjoy herself. 

Vatsala also reminded Suseela that she had told Hamid she wanted more cum. She told Suseela that she couldn't refuse to have sex after asking for it so plainly.

Suseela agreed that Vatsala was right. She had waited long enough for sex and she really was looking forward to tasting some more cum, regardless whether it was Hamid or his friend. Suseela agreed that she would take Hamid's friend.

When minutes later Vatsala opened the door for Hamid and his friend James, Suseela wasn't sure she could go through with it. James was taller than Hamid, about 6'2", was even more muscular than Hamid and was very dirty and looke downtrodden.

Suseela had grown up being taught by her parents that rich people stayed with rich people and poor people stayed with poor people. She had no prejudice but her parent's words still rung in her ears.

Introductions were made and the men were passed out. James said, "Hamid, you didn't come close to doing these ladies justice. They are simple beautiful."

A mischievous smile played across Vatsala's face. Suseela blushed. Hamid said outright, "Are you girls still in the market for some more love juice?"

Vatsala answered by walking over to the chair Hamid was sitting in and crawled into his lap. She thrust her tits against Hamid's arm and rubbed them back and forth. Finally she said, "Does that answer your question?"

Hamid replied, "You've made your point, but, what about Suseela?"

Suseela cleared her throat then croaked, "I guess so."

James could see that Suseela was uncomfortable. He knew that he had to better put her at ease or he'd lose the chance to pop this prime, grade 'A' piece of ass. 

James got up from his chair, walked to the bed where Suseela was sitting and sat down next to her.

James put his arm around her and in a soft voice said, "I know I'm probably not what you expected, but I can be very gentle. I would like the opportunity to give you pleasure." James leaned in slowly and placed his lips over Suseela's. 

His words must have given her the comfort necessary because she did not pull away.

James was in heaven. He never thought that he would have a shot at a dark, blue eyed, dusky chick with an incredible body like Suseela's. 

She had an angel face and sparkling blue eyes. Her hair reached the small of her back. He couldn't remember when he'd seen such a slender girl with such large tits. James wondered if they were real or not, so he decided to find out. While deep in kiss, James slowly reached up to cup one of Suseela's breasts. 

He was careful not to startle Suseela and he succeeded. In fact, a moan welled up from her throat as James massaged her tit. His expert hand felt Suseela's large soft breast and determined immediately that her breasts were not enhanced.

James progressed further by parting his lips and pressing his tongue between Suseela's lips. She opened her mouth inviting him in. Suseela met James' tongue with her own snaking tongue. She probed his mouth as he did hers. 

Again a moan escaped from her throat as James pinched one of her silver coin nipples. They were both getting hot. They finally broke the kiss and James began to undress. 

Suseela finished the job James had started and removed her top. She then pulled off her silk blue colored petticoat but left her panties on.

Suseela noticed that the whore Vatsala and Hamid had already removed their clothes. 
