 Kamesh left the next day for his college near Hyderabad and he had to leave in such a hurry that no one came to know about his departure.

Rama was deep asleep when he left early in the morning, his cousin brother left him at the Airport and soon he was away. 

Jayanessa was left dejected and very unhappy for days after this departure of the 'one' lover who had made her satiated for once in her life. 

She wanted to make some amends at home and tried seducing Sudesh with all kinds of tricks and titillations and finally he did get aroused and promised self and her that this time he will do a good job in bed. The stage was set. 

"Ooooohhhh ... oooohhhh Godddddd!" JayaNessa moaned into the pleasure-slackened face of her young desire-incited husband as he continued to fill her with slow, long thrusts ... rhythmic plunges that fucked into her tight, yielding vagina to greater and greater depths.

He pumeled until at least she felt the smooth spongy tip brush at her cervix and his full, sperm-filled balls slap resoundingly into the soft sensitive crevice separating the widespread cheeks of her naked buttocks. 

The pain-pleasure left her breathless ... somewhere between purgatory and heaven, she thought wildly! Oh yes ... yes ... maybe this was the night!

Oh, God, it was so beautiful ... so beautiful! And she groaned from deep in her throat with the bliss that was overwhelmingly intoxicating her...

At first, from her tiny wailing gasps, Sudesh feared that he'd hurt her, but then he felt her begin to writhe and squirm beneath him aggressively and he knew different initiated a voracious muscular squeezing along the full length of his deeply burrowing cock, her hard little nipples gouging sensuously into his chest. 

Her warm lovely belly pressured hotly upward against him while her thighs clamped and released at his waist as she worked her now hungrily accepting young pussy up and down the full hardness of his driving penis, helping to establish the tempo of their fucking. 

"Oh Sudesh ... darling, darling ... don't ever stop," she murmured as his now aching rod of desire-hardened flesh soared into her moistly secreting cuntal sheath and her head began to flail excitedly from side to side.

He saw the tiny teeth marks appear on her ripe lower lip where she'd nibbled at it; then she was sucking and biting at his tongue and forcing her own into his mouth and almost wantonly, gasping warm, sweet breath into his throat. 

He saw the thin film of sweat beading on her forehead beneath the entangled halo of honey-hued hair, and the way her neck was straining, low hums of erotic abandon beginning to gurgle from deep in her throat against his lips. 

Damn ... damn ... he'd never seen his proud little wife really let herself go this way! The erotic sight of her enchantingly naked body writhing and bucking in feverishly rising heat spurred him lasciviously on. 

She was his now ... all his to fuck when and however he chose! 

JayaNessa cried out beneath him, twisting suddenly to escape the abrupt, unexpected pain as he slipped his hands beneath the firm brown cheeks of her smooth rounded buttocks.

He pulled her nakedly open loins up tighter to him, fucking into her defenseless young pussy with a new unleashed savagery and the vicious smacking of his heavy, semen-bloated balls against her tiny puckered anus and the smooth, softly yielding crevice between her upturned lewdly throughout the small room. 

He plunged harder and deeper in his mounting passion, screwing his leanly driving pelvis tighter into her soft, sensitive cunt, grinding the flaccidly cringing flesh sadistically with his excitedly working fingers. 

Then, to his surprise, with a low passionate groan coming from deep in her chest, she began to arch her hips up to him, meeting his brutal lunges with sudden violent up thrust of her own. 

Her eyes glazing now with unrestrained passion, she suddenly raised them both inches off the bed in wild, untamed cadence with her incessant moans beneath his nakedly pounding body, opening and closing her legs high up around his waist, slaving her heated young pussy up and down his lust-hardened cock in an obscenely working rhythm she could no longer seem to control. 

Furiously, Sudesh fucked into her, cupping her nakedly trembling loins tighter and tighter against his pelvis and feeling her draw back her thighs until she was almost bent double and her knees touched her passion-swollen breasts.

He was chuckling and squeezing, causing the moist, clasping hole of her tightly milking cunt to blossom open even further in reception to his piston cock tunneling ever deeper inside her. 

JayaNessa tossed her head in mesmerized, unequivocal bliss, the momentary twinges of pain she had known quickly giving way to the pleasure he was bringing her rapture-filled body.

Her smooth, firm thighs and buttocks on either side of his virile, thickly impaling cock quivering and twitching spasmodically in unleashed ecstasy.

Her tongue slithering hotly in and out of his sucking mouth in a simulation of oral fucking. There had never been anything ... any time like this before for her! 

Never, never never! Oh yes ... this was it ... the night she'd been waiting for! "Ooohhh ... harder, Darling! Harder!" she urged, her voice coarse with an overwhelming, salacious appetite that had to be satisfied. 

"Oh please, Lover... harderrrrr!" Sudesh gaped down at her in disbelieving astonishment, her almost frenzied, licentious performance firing him wildly. God, he'd reached the point of losing control over his climax.

A half-dozen times he'd barely been able to force it back, and he knew he could never do it again! He'd collapse if he didn't soon cum! 

He stared downward at where his lead-hard cock was plunging furiously in and out of her now almost drenched vagina, concentrating on the feel of the tight, pink folds of raw flesh clasping and clinging to his rampaging cock he was thrusting with jackhammer force into her. 

Oh, God, it was too much ...! 

In one last desperate effort, he attempted to step up the pace and deepen his lunges as she writhed frantically under him, grinding up and down his almost bursting cock with incredulous fury, her long, beautifully tapered legs uncontrollably jerking, her toes curled under as she drew her soft, tanned thighs back higher. 

Below, the smooth, satiny flesh of her inner cuntal walls began to milk the life from her young, hard-driving husband's throbbing shaft of lust-hardened cock-flesh. 

Insanely, Sudesh pounded, pounded, pounded in one last futile effort, pressing his hands behind her knees and forcing them back hard until her head was enframed by them, lifting the plain of her naked cunt higher and more widely open to his almost inhuman battering of her helplessly exposed pussy. 

"Ooochhhhh ... ooohhhhh ... that's it, Darring! That's it!" JayaNessa cried, her mouth loose, her eyes rolling insanely in her lovely head. 

"Don't stop! My God, don't stop, darling!" she gasped, her angelic face bearing only the slightest resemblance to the girl he knew and loved, her wild passion warping her features into a sensuously depraved mask of obscene lust. 

"Oooohhhh ... don't ever stop, Sudesh honey ... no! Harder! Do it harder! Fuck me, my darling ... fuck me ...!" 

Sudesh's senses were a swirling mass of confused lust, and he needed only to hear the lewd four-letter word tumble wantonly from her lips to peak him! 

Whatever else she had said he hardly heard, but it didn't matter! 

He was there and couldn't hold it back! His aching, screaming cock was going to shatter into a billion slivers any second! 

His balls would explode like an over-inflated balloon, splattering the walls of the room.! 

He wanted to wail out as he ground hard and deep into her rhythmically sucking young cunt in his effort to penetrate the furthest sanctuary of her deliciously grinding belly! 

He watched her breasts heave and quiver beneath his brutal pummeling ... even saw their tiny brown nipples expand as she flailed her head madly from side to side ... and then it tripped! 

It was cum ... like a gusher of oil unleashed from the bowels of the earth ... and there was no capping it! An odd expression contorted JayaNessa's delicate features. 

She felt the jerking and expanding of his heavy, sperm-laden cock and realized its meaning! He was going to! Going to cum and ... and leave her this way again! My God, she'd go out of her mind ...! 

"No! No! Please no! God, darling, not yet! You mustn't cum yet!" she begged, jamming her nibbling cunt tightly up against the thundering, pulsating rod of hard flesh as if to try and stop it. 

"Oh my God! Don't leave me this way again, Darling ...?" He wanted to hold back for her ... tried, but it was too late! 

The hot stream had already begun to charge the length of his cock, his throbbing balls pumping sporadically like some well-tooled mechanism extracting juice from the earth's entrails. 

He... she ... both felt it spurt into her, he from the tip of his exploding cock ... she, as the blood-inflated head expanded and contracted, squirting its thick, hot sperm like a jet of scalding cream against the walls of her desperately clasping vagina! 

JayaNessa screamed again and again: "No! Oh my God, no ...!"

But her young husband was too far above her at that moment and though he heard her cries, he knew he could do nothing but revel in the delight of his hot, thick semen racing the distance of his cock, its stimulating ecstasy wracking his lanky young frame as it spurted far up into her soft, quivering belly. 

It jerked and spewed in unending spasms inside her, while she ground her cruelly unsaturated loins frantically up against its buried depths, inciting rather than stopping it! And then, it was done ...! 

Unashamedly, JayaNessa whimpered out in her desperate frustration as he drew the slowly deflating shaft of useless flesh out of her sperm-flooded pussy and fell back upon his buttocks in confused disgust with himself, his cheeks flushed, his mouth slack.  

"D-Damnit Baby, I-I'm sorry ... honest to God I am ... b-but I couldn't help myself," he whined weakly, hardly able to look her in the eye. "I tried ... You believe that don't you ...?"

She said nothing as she fought to regain control of her ragged emotions and quell the raging inferno of sensations that were tingling wildly in her unfulfilled loins and belly. Dear God, she had to try to understand. 

In all truth, she knew that he had done his best ... and was it his fault that she was some sort of freak? 

Her darling ... she looked at him sitting there so dejected and ashamed, blaming himself for what was her inadequacy and a warm feeling of compassionate love for him surged through her. 

"It's all right, Darling," she whispered and smiled, opening her arms to him. "Come here and let me kiss you." 

He did, eagerly crawling between her still opened thighs once more as she reached over and flicked the room into darkness.

The frustration and itch between the legs in all the holes was insurmountable and extremely excruciating also depraved and increasing sexual arousal for more sex and copulation. 

The need for fulfilling sex was driving JayaNessa insane.

She resolved - Rama and Jayanessa decided to travel a long distance to a place called Medak near Hyderabad. The need was more than solving the hunger problem of a billion people.