 In bed, he was a revelation. His body was stunning. The night was now at 345 am and the two were still far from being satisfied with each other - they had a long sexual bouts to complete in the remaining 3 hours. 

Immensely powerful, he carried not an ounce of surplus flesh on him. His shoulders were sprawling slabs of muscle. His chest was a wide and deep W, heavily cleaved, his dark taut nipples pulled low and wide on either side of his massive pectorals. The belly was hard and flat as a washboard, every muscle clearly defined. There was not a trace of body hair on his torso which formed a sharply tapering V. High narrow hips bracketed a slim waist. Beneath, his buttocks were taut and firm. His arms and legs were long and bulged and rippled with corded muscle. His face was gentle and handsome, with a fine, strong nose, a square jaw, even white teeth, and dark caressing sensuous eyes.

But best of all was his quite astonishing genital endowment. Jayanessa had never imagined she would see, let alone experience, such a cock. It was the kind of thing her most erotic fantasies were made of. 

Enormous, a good eleven-and-a-half inches long, nearly three inches thick, it was long and dark and ridged with thick long veins, the cock-head monstrous.

Now Kamesh smiled affectionately at her when he saw the look of wonder and awe and joy on her face as his huge cock slid slowly into her cunt. It went in smoothly and easily, gliding in deeper and deeper despite its impossible enormity.

He bent his head and kissed her, sliding his tongue deep into her mouth, tasting the sweetness of her response when her own tongue flickered out in wanton desire.

"Yes," she gasped softly. "Fuck me Kamesh ... fuck me hard ... Oh god your cock's so wonderful ... put it in ... I want it all ... yes ... Ohhhh yes!"

Jayanessa was very pretty and exotically sexy and desirable. 

Kamesh studied her round face with pleasure, taking in the sweetness of her features. 

She had full lips, a straight nose, perhaps a tad heavy, but perfect on her. Anything finer would have made her look shrewish. Her skin was fair and clear and her eyes were lovely, deep brown and full of laughter. Her teeth were attractive and even. 

She smiled readily and often. Her hair was thick and long, knotted in a loose bun on the nape of her neck. Her breasts were big, full and ripe with thick nipples standing stiffly in large bright aureoles that were puckered with pleasure now. A red bindi dotted the middle of her forehead, and she wore a long black and gold mangalsutra around her neck. 

Ordinarily, the necklace signified a woman's marital - and therefore, supposedly chaste - status. 

Jayanessa wore it to disguise her penchant for sexual adventure under a veneer of respectability for her husband's benefit. 

Little did it matter when she was gasping and heaving, her body shining with sweat, begging for more, moaning loud obscenities as a lover thrust his cock into her cunt?

Kamesh flexed his buttocks and slid his hips gently forward. His cock squeezed even deeper into her cunt.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Jayanessa gasped, her head arching and turning to one side.

His monstrous cock delved deeper into her tight, moist grotto. It stretched her cunt-lips wider than any cock she had known. Her hips lurched up is and she arched her back. Her breasts were swollen and gorged, her nipples quivering and rigid. The gorgeous penis slid in deeper, rasping against her inflamed clitoris, throbbing and pulsating electrically hot inside her to feel like one enormous cunt from head to toe. She dug her fingers into his bulging biceps and caressed his shoulders. He lowered himself on his forearms and her heavy breasts flattened against his hard chest. Her body was hot and already tacky with sweat. 

Her mangalsutra was cool between their bodies. She moaned thickly, in unbridled pleasure. He was on his knees and he spread them wider, levering her thighs apart to go deeper into her cunt. She groaned, her legs twined about his slim hips.

For the past hour, he had played with her body with a deftness that left her moaning and sweating with lust-heat. He toyed relentlessly with her breasts till she wanted to scream from the ecstasy of it, hot rivers of delight cascading through her body. Then his tongue probed her cunt, delving and exploring its moist recesses as no man had done before. She had taken his cock between her breasts, into her mouth, sucked it and licked it, and the very taste and weight of it in her mouth and under her tongue had aroused her even further.

His head dipped now and he kissed her closed eyes, drew his tongue down her nose, over her lips, flickering at them. They parted and their tongues met and fenced and then his darted away, down her neck, dipping low between her breasts. She moaned again and arched her breasts in her hands, lifting them to his lips, wanting to feel his tongue and lips and teeth on her breast tips again. His tongue rolled sexily around the stiff nipples by turn, and she gasped and writhed as she felt his teeth scrape gently against the aroused points of flesh. She clenched his head as his lips flowered and closed firmly around one breast the other nipple in his fingers being slowly squeezed and rolled and twirled.

Kamesh fastened his on her breast and sucked slowly, then harder and harder. Suddenly he let go and she gasped. Instantly, he started again and she writhed under him, moaning in joy. He moved to the other breast, releasing the first slowly, almost reluctantly. His tongue slithered into the deep vale between her breasts, where his cock had been a short while ago and he lapped at the musky streaks of his own pre-cum gunk between her breasts. Slowly, his tongue and lips climbed the crest to her other breast and found her nipple. He pressed it to the roof of his mouth with his tongue.

"Oh god oh god OHhhhhhhhhh yes!" Jayanessa gasped, her chest heaving, her head rolling languorously from side to side.

Kamesh paused and lifted himself smoothly, drawing her hips up with him, till he was squatting on his knees between her forked thighs. He held still, with her body stretched down and away from him, her shoulders on the bed and began to caress her tenderly. Jayanessa felt like a whore. All she wanted was to be fucked. He squeezed her breasts, kneading them, rolling them together tweaking the erect nipples. Her mangalsutra entwined in his fingers and she gasped as she raked it across her aching nipples.

"C'mon Kamesh ... please ... fuck me ... please ..." she begged.

He chuckled and slid his hands under her fleshy buttocks, gently prising the creamy lobes apart. Jayanessa moaned loudly in unbridled passion as she felt his fingertip press at her anus. His other hand slid down her belly and he caressed her cunt gently, parting her cunt-lips and questing for her clitoris. He flicked it gently with his fingers and moved his hips from side to side. Jayanessa's breath hissed from her throat and her sphincter spasm involuntarily. Instantly, smiling and chuckling at her, he slipped his thick finger into her asshole. Her cunt convulsed frantically on his gently throbbing penis and gently, he finger-fucked her asshole while plugging her cunt with his cock. Jayanessa was writhing and gasping and panting now, muttering soft obscenities.

"Ohhhh yes yes ... oh god yes ohhh yes ... fuck me Kamesh yes ... fuck me ... fuck my cunt ... yes ... take me ... I'm yours ... fuck me hard lover ... uhhh OHhhh uhhh OHHH uhhhh OHHhhhhhh uhhh Oh god yes yes OHhhhhh uhhhh oh god ohma uh OHHH!" Jayanessa went, her body on fire.

He began to fuck her slowly, his finger still in her sexy smooth and currently in the early hours of 5 am sweating anus. 

She gasped and writhed, her head flipping from side to side. His finger twisted and slid in and out of her ass. His cock pumped gently and insistently at her cunt. Her hips juddered and writhed, swinging from side to side.

"Harder," she gasped. "Fuck me harder!"

He relented and drew his finger out of her asshole and pressed it to her lips. She sucked it lasciviously, the complete whore now. He moved smoothly, like a god. Holding her hips high, her legs wide, he fucked her with long, slow, deeply penetrating thrusting, rolling his hips with each down thrust to take her from all angles. Her cunt squeezed his cock and he groaned softly, and arched his head in pleasure. Her cunt was hot and wet and tight.

Jayanessa's mind whirled. Kamesh's hands were everywhere, on her breasts, at her cunt, at her anus again. His cock was heavenly. Her hips bucked and lurched and writhed as he thrust back and forth, his cock going slowly in and out, gleaming and glistening. It burned white hot, throbbing and hard, searing into her cunt-flesh.

"Oh ma uhhh oh ma oh ma ohhhh uhhhh OHHhh ma uhhhh AHHH uhhh ahhh uhhh aHHHHh uhh AHHH!" she cried, her head whipping deliriously from side to side.

She squeezed and rolled her swollen breasts in frenzy as he began to move faster. She could feel his heavy balls at her cunt-lips. He released her hips and, as they sank, bent over her again, his hips bobbing rapidly up and down. His cock squelched and rasped in and out of her cunt. His cock emerged and disappeared into her cunt, squeezing into her tight sheath.

"Yes ... yes OHhhhh yes ... that's it ... fuck me ... OHhhhh uhhhh OHhhh uhhh OH OH OH OH OH OHHHHHHH!" she cried.

"Take it ... take it ... take my cock ... take it ... take my cock ... ohhhhh yeh ... ohhh yes ... your cunt's so good ... yes ... yeh ... take it all ... take it!" he gasped.

Faster and faster he went, his hips bobbing and bouncing furiously up and down now, driving his enormous cock in and out of her cunt. Jayanessa's body jerked and snapped under his thrusts, her breasts bouncing violently. She squeezed them in an agony of lust.

"Yes yes yes yes yes OHHHHHh yes!" she cried. "Oh god oh god oh god ohhhh yes oh god yes yes yes!"

She couldn't hold back anymore. She soared high and free and broke through the clouds with a violent lurch of her cunt, arching and crying out. He rocked deep into her and rolled his hips savagely, skewering her cunt from all angles, mashing her cunt-flesh. Stars burst in her head and her hips jerked up as he drove into her again and again. At last she felt him stiffen and quiver inside her, his thighs thudding at hers repeatedly. Her cunt squeezed down hard on his tool and he flung his head back and groaned. He came and her eyes flew open in awe and wonder and shock at the prodigious load of white hot spoot that splattered deep into her cunt. It went on and on, flooding her slit.

At last, her legs uncoiled from about his hips and she moaned. Breathing heavily, he bent over her and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth. Jayanessa closed her eyes and caressed his back dreamily. With a sudden start, she realized that his cock was still in her cunt and it was even yet rock-hard as if he had not come.

Later, they fucked again. He stood upright on the firm bed with his feet apart and she knelt before him and took his cock in her mouth and fist. Kamesh murmured in pleasure and began to fuck her mouth slowly. He held her head in his hands and rocked it gently back and forth, pumping his hips at her face. She moaned deep in her throat, loving the weight and thickness and heady odor of his penis. It was hot and sticky with his gunk and her lips and cheeks shone with jizz. 

She fondled her breasts and then slid a hand down to her cunt.

"Yes ... suck it baby ... suck my cock," he grunted softly.

She wanted him to come in her mouth. She paused and lifted her mangalsutra and looped it around his cock-shaft several times. Each loop pulled her head closer to his loins. Now her face and his cock were anchored together. He would have to come in her mouth.

"You could've just asked for it in your mouth, Jayanessa," he chuckled.

"Just making sure," she mumbled, her mouth filled with his cock.

He laughed. "Ever the cautious one, aren't you?"

Kamesh relented, quite happy to fuck her mouth. She sucked cock well. Her mouth was warm and moist, and her tongue plied his cock-head and cock-slit relentlessly. He moved her head faster, his hips pumping swiftly. His cock glistened and shone as it emerged and disappeared between her lovely lips. He felt his spoot surge up from his balls and he moved even faster. She sensed the imminence of his orgasm and sucked his penis still harder, her face distended by the immensity of his cock.

With a shuddering gasp, he exploded and she mewed softly, her hands crushing her breasts in joy as his hot jizz flooded her mouth and down her throat. She opened her lips and let it dribble on her face and neck and breasts.

Sure enough, Kamesh's penis was still rock-hard. Gently, she disentangled her mangalsutra from his shaft and leaned back on her knees.

"Turn around," he commanded. "I'll fuck you from behind."

She turned around, on her hands and knees before him, her delectable buttocks thrust back for him. He pushed her down onto her forearms and squatted low across her hips. Slowly, he squeezed his cock between her buttocks. She moaned thickly as the huge shaft seared into her cunt.

"Mmmmmm ... yes ... yes ... that's so good," she muttered.

Deeper and deeper he went, till his cock was deep inside her. He leaned over her and squeezed her pendulous breasts. She whimpered softly and stretched a hand between her thighs, toying with her clitoris.

"Fuck me, Kamesh ... fuck me hard," she groaned.

He took her masterfully. At first, he moved slowly, steadily, his hips swirling and gyrating, his cock skewering her from all angles, sliding in and out of her cunt in smooth, long strokes. Jayanessa groaned and cried out, jerking and rocking back and forth on all fours under him.

"Ohhh yes ... ohhh god yes! Do it ... do it Kamesh! Fuck me! Ohhh uhhh ohhhh uhhh Ohhhhh uhhh oh oh oh OHHHHH!"

Kamesh squeezed her pendulous, swollen breasts and jerked her back and forth on his cock. His hips swung smoothly back and forth. His thighs pummeled her buttocks, slapping loudly at her flesh. His huge cock stroked seamlessly, relentlessly, mercilessly in and out of her cunt. Jayanessa's buttocks swayed and writhed erotically as she begged for more.

"Take it," he responded, kneading her heavy breasts. "Take it! Take my cock! Ohhh fuck yes! Take it all! Take it!"

He began to move faster and then faster still, until he was ramming and reaming into her, his balls slapping at her buttocks. Her body jerked and snapped under his thrusts, her swollen breasts jiggling and bouncing. He squeezed them in excitement and drilled into her even harder and faster. His cock rasped audibly in and out of her cunt, going faster and faster. She exploded violently and he groaned as her cunt clamped down hard on his penis.

"Oh ma uhhh oh uhhh OHHHHHHHHH!" she cried, stiffening in pleasure, her head arched.

"Yeh! OH fuck yes! Yes! Yes!"

With a shuddering cry, Kamesh thrust repeatedly into her and let himself go again, making her gasp as his hot spoot cannoned into her thirsty cunt and the time was 5:30 am in the morning. In another 30 minutes he had to fuck her one last time.