 The sun shone brightly in the deep azure sky.  A light, warm breeze pushed white, puffy clouds lazily across the horizon.  The same breeze caused the ocean of grasses to ripple around the two as they walked hand in hand down the narrow path, the tan wicker basket rocking gently in his grasp.

Her long hair cascaded in an auburn shower around her shoulders, pushed lightly behind her by the breeze.  Her eyes glowed brightly as she gazed at her love, smiling as if to light the universe.  She admired how he looked in his tan Dockers and crisp white shirt.  He looked perfect with his short, always-neat hair and nicely trimmed goatee.  When he caught her looking, he flashed a warm smile and winked one of his twinkling, hazel eyes.  Flooded by the rush of love and affection radiating from just his brief glance, she melted right on the spot while absentmindedly fingering both her own and his wedding ring.

***

This was the first weekend they'd had alone together in several weeks and they were determined to set the stresses of everyday life aside and just cherish each other's company.

He'd started planning for this day the moment he learned that the kids wouldn't be around, secretly gathering special "ingredients" to help make the day more special than those they'd had recently.

After waking quietly before her and surreptitiously hiding a picnic basket in the back of their sedan, he prepared a breakfast of French toast and bacon along with a pot of freshly ground coffee.  After placing all of these on a tray with a single red rose in a glass bud vase, he made his way into their bedroom where she lay sleeping.

Kissing her softly, he gently woke her.  As she started to grouse and complain, he placed a finger on her lips, shushing her by saying, "I have a plan for us today.  Will you trust me on this one?"  Seeing the spark in her husband's eyes, she nodded with a quizzical expression on her face.

Pulling out a black silk scarf, he smiled, saying, "I want you to wear this until I take it off of you.  I made you coffee as well as breakfast and will be more than happy to feed it to you after this is on."

She closed her eyes and smiled softly as she nodded, "I love you, honey."

Grinning, he replied quietly while tying the scarf in place, "Je t'aime, my love."

She heard him start the water in the bathtub before he returned with her breakfast.  She savored the aroma and the flavor as he fed her, giggling sweetly when he accidentally dripped syrup or coffee down her chin and onto her breasts, necessitating that he clean her quite thoroughly using only his lips and tongue.

After breakfast was finished, he returned the tray to the kitchen and turned off the water in the tub.  Returning to the bedroom he licked her lips clean as he took her soft hands in his and led her to the bathroom, assisting her into the steaming tub.  The blindfold remained in place as she luxuriated under his gentle touch.  Amazingly enough, she even remained relaxed while he shaved her legs and washed her hair.  Although she was a little disturbed by the blindfold until he untied it in back, leaving it over her eyes, in order to finish her hair.  She did, however, respect his wishes and kept her eyes closed.

After drying her off with an oversized, fluffy, white towel, he carefully applied her makeup.  Having studied her numerous times, he could do her makeup almost as perfectly as she.  After finishing her hair and face, he permitted her to inspect his work and make any touch-ups she deemed necessary, of which, there were few.  Then, much to her surprise, he pulled out another silk scarf, this time white.  With a smile on her face, she lifted her hair out of the way while he again secured her eyes from light.

He led her naked to the bedroom and sat her on the bed.  He ignored her questions as he selected and put on his attire.  Finally acknowledging her, he asked, "So do you trust me to dress you too?"

Chuckling, she replied, "After seeing how you dress yourself, I'm not sure I should, although it would seem that I don't have much choice in the matter at this point."

She could hear his smile in the warmth of his voice, "Darling, you always have a choice.  If you'll just indulge me a little while longer, I promise you that you won't be disappointed with the results."

While she tried to think of a suitable sarcastic remark, she listened to him walking around the room rustling clothes, opening and closing doors and drawers.  She opened her mouth to ask a question, but was quite pleasantly surprised to feel his soft lips against hers.  "Stand up, please," he whispered.

She rose, his lips still against hers, his tongue tracing slow, languid, erotic circles around the inside of her mouth.  As she moaned softly into his mouth, he raised her arms above her head, making sure that his hands never left her creamy, supple skin.

Her knees weakened and she sighed softly as he broke their kiss and brought a  light, short-sleeved sundress down over her head and arms.  He kissed her tenderly and then knelt at her feet, slipping on a pair of sandals, which matched the dress perfectly.

She cleared her throat quietly several times before saying, "Um, honey?  Don't you think you're forgetting something?"

His voice filled with genuine curiosity, he replied, "What do you mean, my love?"

"I believe that you have forgotten quite an important part of my wardrobe."

"Like what?  What did I forget?"

"I generally wear a bra and panties when I dress myself."

He laughed loudly, "I realize that, love, but no, I did not 'forget' them.  You won't be needing them today, but if it would make you feel better, I would be just thrilled to bring them along."

"What do you mean 'bring them along? ?  Where are we going?  I am not going anywhere like this," her voice beginning to express not just a little bit of fear and panic.

He placed his arms around her soothingly, "Darling, you trusted me enough to marry me.  You trusted me enough to be a father to our children.  You trusted me enough to take care of you all.  Trust me today.  I will allow nothing to harm you in any way."

"But going out in public like this?  I'm sure people will be able to see right through this dress," she said, judging the weight of the fabric.

"Only if they stare very closely will anyone be able to see anything.  And then, they'd only be able to see your nipples.  Nothing more."

"Kiss me again."

Cupping her angelic face lovingly in his warm, soft hands, he brushed her lips lightly against hers.  "You have my word that nothing will happen today that you don't want or allow.  Okay?"

Stealing another kiss, she said, "Go ahead, Honey."

She could hear the smile in his voice, "Well then, let's go."

He led her out the door of their home.  Waiting patiently while listening to him lock the door, she savored the warmth of the sunlight as it bathed her body with its soothing rays.  He took her carefully by the arm and guided her to the car and assisted her into the passenger seat.

She sat patiently as they drove, trying to calculate where they were headed based on the turns.  He smiled, "I'm not taking any direct route in case you're trying to guess what our destination is.  Just continue to indulge me, we'll be there soon."

Trying her best to sound annoyed, she sighed and replied, "Fine."

When the vehicle finally stopped nearly an hour later, he assisted her out of the car and took her by the left elbow.  His skin was quite warm and soothing.  Giving her a quick peck on the cheek, he whispered softly in her ear, "Let me guide you, my love."

She heard a door open after a short walk and realized as they entered that they were in a shopping center.  "This is just nuts, hon. I am not walking through here like this," she stated firmly, referring to the silk blindfold still securely in place.

"I promise you we won't be here very long, sweetheart.  You're doing just fine.  If it's any consolation, this is not somewhere we normally shop and it is well out of our neighborhood."

As they turned into a store she heard him ask, "Is it ready yet?"

"Yes, Sir, it is," came the reply from a feminine voice.  "Would you like for me to wrap it up for you?"

"I don't think that will be necessary, thank you," he replied.  She startled a little bit as he released her arm, the place where he had touched her feeling empty.  "I'm still here, Love," he said from behind her, "Please lift your hair out of the way."

As she complied, she felt something slide across her neck, a weight resting against her chest.  Reaching her free hand up to touch it, she felt a small, hard pendant-like object resting at the end of a chain.  "Honey?  What is this?  What's it for?" she asked.

Moving in front of her, he took her gentle hands in his.  Kissing her soft, supple lips tenderly, he replied, "It's a necklace with an emerald nestled in a ring of diamonds.  And it's for everything you do that makes my life such a joy.  It's for being the perfect wife and a wonderful mother.  It's for being you."

Beaming, she threw her arms around him and kissed him, thanking him.

She could hear how pleased he was in his response, "Well, hon, we're still not done.  We've got one more place to go.  Ready?"

She kissed him again and nodded, extending her arm so he could lead her to the car.  Again they drove for a while, but this time she didn't even bother to try to figure out where they were headed.  She just sat and fiddled with the pendant that she had yet to see.

After nearly ninety minutes, she noticed that the pavement had given way to gravel.  She held on to the door as they continued on for another ten minutes before stopping.  "Where are we now?  Another mall?" she asked with a grin on her face.

"Not exactly," he replied.  "However, after I open your door, I will remove the blindfold if you wish."

She contemplated that thought as she heard him open and then shut his door.  She was acutely aware of the sound of birds chirping and leaves rustling softly.  So lost in her reverie, she gasped as she heard him open the sliding door.  "What are you doing?" she questioned.

"Gathering supplies," came the response.  She remained still while she listened to him rustling around in the back of the van, sitting up with anticipation as she heard him slide the door shut.

"Are you ready, my love?" he asked with a smile as he opened her door.

After she nodded, he reached behind her head and untied the scarf that had served to effectively to keep his secrets for the day.  He kissed her softly and lowered the sun visor so she could finally see her necklace, grinning when she gasped upon seeing it.

"Oh honey, I love it!  It's beautiful! Thank you!" she gushed as she pulled him in for a kiss.

"You're welcome, honey.  Now, would you like to eat?" he asked, showing her the picnic basket and blanket which he had stashed in the car.  Taking his hand in hers, she nodded while exiting the car.  She squeezed it affectionately when she saw their surroundings.

Parked in a grove of trees, individual rays of sunlight illuminated the lush green grass underfoot.  Small shrubs and wildflowers dotted the clearing while squirrels flitted about, seemingly unbothered by the pair of intruders.  Hand in hand, they started for a small break in the trees.












Her silent recollection of the day's events was interrupted by the soothing sound of his voice.  "How's this?" he asked softly, indicating a small clearing in the meadow.

She smiled and kissed him gently, "Perfect, hon."

He grinned and opened the picnic basket as he set it down.  With a flourish, he pulled out a soft, white blanket and spread it on the ground, placing the basket on top of it.  Taking her hand tenderly in his, he assisted her to the ground.  He pulled out a bottle of white zinfandel and two glasses.  Setting the glasses to one side, he popped the cork loudly and then proceeded to pour each of them a glass.  

She took a sip while he pulled crackers and cheese out of the picnic basket.  While she watched his hands, she couldn't help but admire the grace in his movements, which brought thoughts of the softness of his skin against her body.  She took a long drink of wine, trying to hide her smile in the bottom of the glass.

"What's with the grin, Hon?" he inquired.

Flushing slightly, she responded coyly, "Oh, nothing.  Just thinking about things."

"Really, now?  Pray tell, what sort of 'things' were you thinking about?" he asked, playing her game right back to her.

"Nothing of consequence, honey.  But I am starving.  Mind if we go ahead and eat?" she requested, closing the subject from further discussion.

His warm eyes twinkled as he answered, "Anything for you."  They ate in silence, smiling and taking turns feeding one another.












She rested her head on his chest while they lounged after the wine and cheese and looked up at the deep blue sky.  He ran his fingers through her hair and then gently grazed the back of her neck, sending chills up her spine and eliciting a soft, contented sigh.  "Je t'aime, love," he whispered as she snuggled closer, aware of the pounding of his heart.

She noticed another sound and sat up slowly.  "What's wrong, sweetie?" he asked.

"Listen.  What do you hear?"

Sitting up as well, he cocked his head to one side, closing his eyes to block out everything but the sounds.  "It sort of sounds like running water."

"That's what I thought too.  Come on.  Let's go check it out."

He assisted her to her feet and retraced their path, leaving the picnic basket behind.  She led the way, almost dragging him along, as they wove between trees and around bushes.  Stopping suddenly about a half mile from where they started, she gasped and said simply, "Oh wow."

He wrapped his arms around her from behind and looked with her, "It's beautiful."

They stood at the top of a small gorge watching a small waterfall pour over smoothly worn gray rocks.  One large, old oak stood watch over the spillway on the opposite side of them, its heavier limbs having long ago broken and fallen around the banks to generously provide homes and shelters for various animals.  They could see tracks from deer in the damp, mossy earth.  Rocks and stones dotted the shore, weaving and intricate mosaic of color on the green canvas.

Almost entranced, she picked her way carefully down the gully into the streambed with him following close behind.  He plucked a small, delicate white flower from the dirt and, after breaking off half of the stem, tucked it behind her left ear and kissed her tenderly on the cheek.  She gazed longingly into his eyes and kissed him sweetly with genuine gratitude.  Then, getting a mischievous glint in her eyes and a playful grin on her face, she turned and faced the small pool that fed the stream after the ten-foot waterfall.  He looked at her quizzically, watching her slip off the sandals she wore.  His puzzled expression melted into astonishment when she strode forward delicately into the pool without removing her dress.

He stood with his mouth agape as she continued forward, making her way to where the water poured down over the rocks from above.  She fanned her slender hands over the water as if spreading it out of her way while her dress clung to her like a second skin.  The pool leveled out at mid chest on her at the center, becoming shallower closer to the waterfall.  She stood at the fall's base and turned to face him, a soft smile on her lips.  With the water lapping at her waist, she backed under the water, her eyes never leaving his.

A smile crept across his lips as he sat on a graying dead log and watched her.  She raised her arms above her head, allowing the water to cascade down her hair and body, soaking the dress, which was now transparent.  Her graceful hands ran over her hair and down her neck slowly, grazing lightly against her breasts and down to her thighs.  Her eyes locked on his, she carefully began to pull the dress higher, taking an eternity to do so.  Completely enthralled by her angelic beauty, the only thing he could do was watch her.

Slowly she turned around as the dress continued its trek up her body.  His breathing began to get heavier as the delicate curve of her back, neck, and shoulders were revealed.  Arching her back to accentuate the curves, she finally pulled the dress over her head, tossing it backward in his direction.  While he retrieved it, she turned back around to face him, cupping her breasts in her hands.  She extended one finger and summoned him to her. 

He pulled his shirt out of his slacks and started to unbutton it, gazing at her beckoning him.  When he started fumbling with the small buttons as his fingers started to fail him, he gripped both sides of the shirt and pulled it open, the buttons popping off and landing in the pool making soft plinking sounds as they hit the mirrored surface of the water.  He hopped on one foot then the other, pulling his loafers off and tossing them near the log upon which he had rested only moments before.  Quickly, he shed the rest of his clothing, leaving it strewn on the ground behind him as he walked toward the pool.

He shivered involuntarily at the chill in the water while he crossed over to her.  She in turn began a leisurely walk to him, still covering herself modestly with her slender hands.  Once within reach of each other, she extended her arms to him, welcoming him into her tender embrace with a passionate kiss.  His hands wandered a random path up her back and into her damp hair while his tongue sought hers in a slow, erotic waltz.  Holding each other tightly, they kissed as if there would never be another one.

Her hand found their way through the damp hair on his chest and down to his growing hardness as his lips moved from her lips to her neck.  She threw her head back, a sigh escaping her lips while nibbled at her neck and ear, his hands wandering over her firm nipples.  Whispering, he said, "I want you."

Her response came with a slight gasp, "You may have me, my love."

He picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his lower torso, feeling safe and secure in his strong, tender arms.  Magically, he slid inside of her in one slow, languid movement.  Kissing her deeply, he looked into her eyes, seeing her desire, her passion, her love.  They moved slowly together, savoring the ecstasy of their tender lovemaking.  Rings of water rippled away from their entwined bodies as they crept toward the pinnacle of their union.

Loud moans signaled the onset of her orgasm.  He continued to slide in and out of her, increasing his speed and making his rhythm and tempo more aggressive.  She cried out, digging her fingernails into his back, the combination of which sending him audibly over the edge along with her.

They stood locked in their loving embrace for an eternity.  She smiled lovingly and kissed him gently on the mouth.  "Thank you, my love, for today."

He smiled back, "You deserved it, darling.  I love you for everything that you are."

A lifetime later, they broke their embrace and made their way hand in hand over to where their clothes lay.  He gave her his shirt to wear, throwing her soaked dress over his shoulder to carry.  After dressing, they made their way up the side of the gully and back to the meadow to retrieve the picnic basket.  

They took their time, strolling hand in hand.