 Chapter 1. "Temptation On The Train"

The tube train was packed. 

On the hottest day of the year so far, with temperatures in the high eighties it was like a sauna. As usual, the gallant gentlemen of London stared straight ahead and sat on, refusing to offer their seat to a lady. Not even to an attractive thirty-year-old lady in a clinging summer dress. 

So Jayne stood like a monkey in the aisle, clutching the handhold, crushed like a sardine between the enormous fat man in front and - she turned her head slightly - the teenage schoolboy behind her. She was sticky with sweat and she was as horny as hell. 

Last night Loren had phoned. It was a game they had begun to play. Like a dirty phone call. Loren would pretend that she had just lifted the phone and Jayne would ask her intimate details about herself. 

Did she like boys? Had she ever let one touch her? Her breasts? Pussy? Did she masturbate? Had she ever made love to another girl? What was it like? 

And while Loren told her in graphic detail Jayne would have her hand up between her thighs, pumping furiously. 

It was so arousing to hear Loren gasping her answers out on the other end of the phone, knowing the eighteen-year-old honey was masturbating too.

They had talked like that for almost an hour last night. They had both creamed copiously round their fingers and Loren promised she would call back.

The train stopped at every station. There was no way they could cram in any more people, and nobody was getting off, so it looked like being a long hot journey home. 

As they swayed along in the dimly lit carriage - every other light smashed by vandals - she couldn't prevent herself from being pushed against the 18-year-old boy behind her. The fat man in front must have weighed at least twenty stone. The poor lad could go no further back as he was the last person in the carriage and next to the door, so when Jayne was pushed back into him, he just had to take it. The fat man's massive back was to her, her back was to the young man. After one particular lurch in which the kid was almost crushed to death.

Jayne half turned and said, "Sorry." 

The boy just smiled shyly and mumbled, "S'alright."

Jayne smiled to herself. Her firm ass was crushed right against this kid's crotch and he says it's alright. She decided to have a little fun. 

Every time the train lurched she let herself fall back against the boy, and every time she did she ground her ass into him, making sure to slide it back and forth a little. All very accidental of course. 

It took less than two minutes before she was rewarded with the pressure of his swelling young penis against her jutting bum. Of course Jayne pretended to be completely oblivious to the turgid bulge, feeling it get bigger each time she ground herself into his crotch.

Right, let's see now. Jayne moved back gradually until she was pushing against him steadily, as if the train was braking to a halt, which it wasn't. And the lad knew it. He caught on then and began to push back at her. Jayne could feel the minute thrusting of his hips against her ass.

The filthy little boy was dry-fucking her!

The thought caused a rush of slick juice to flood into her panties. She pushed back into him and was rewarded with a little flurry of thrusts. Jayne manoeuvred her ass until his bulge was sliding between the trembling globes. She looked at the passengers on either side of her. Noses buried in newspapers or eyes closed, dozing out the journey.

Jayne began to gently thrust her rump backwards, feeling his swollen penis through his trousers and her thin summer dress. It would be a simple matter to reach behind and release that young cock from the confines of his trousers, pull her dress up to her waist and let him slide his randy little dick between the soaking lips of her drooling cunt. 

If they had been alone on this train that's exactly what she would have done. Another spurt of juice slid into her panties.

The train rumbled round a curve in the track and everyone swayed to the side. Jayne took a chance. 

Making it look like she was steadying herself to anyone watching, (she needn't have bothered) she suddenly reached behind her and ran her hand over the bulging mound of his cock, pressing it lightly in passing. If the boy was in any doubt as to her willingness to play, he now had a clear sign. As the train slowed down for the next station she felt herself being pushed back against him again. She leaned her head back and half turned to him, her face inches from his.

"Do it till you come!" she whispered. She wriggled her ass across his jutting cock and turned away.

When the train stopped, one person got off, but incredibly another two got on, adding to the already stifling crush. No one noticed the woman and the young boy at the end of the carriage.

Jayne would have given anything to be able to masturbate. The boy was grinding himself firmly into her squirming ass cheeks and all she needed was to get a finger, two maybe, into her slushing cunt, give herself a good finger-fuck. 

She began to clench and unclench the muscles of her pussy, gripping an imaginary cock. She could feel her face flushed and hot and her mouth was dry, but then everyone looked flushed and hot in this sweatbox. The train was one stop before hers.

Jayne pulled her thighs stiffly together, crushing the swollen lips of her pussy between them, flexing her buttocks and pushing back against the boy's minutely thrusting dick. 

She thought of that young cock, rubbing hotly against her cunt-mound and sliding over her belly and she had to restrain herself from turning around to face him and glueing her mouth over his, shoving her belly against his rearing dick. She held the thought and, without touching herself in anyway, just flexing the muscles of her cunt, she began to cum. The fact that she couldn't cry out or express herself in any way only added to the fantastic sensations. She could feel the orgasm rolling in waves through her quaking cunt. Her legs were trembling. She leaned back against the boy.

"My stop is next," she whispered urgently, "Are you ready?"

She was close enough to his face to feel his heavy breath on her hair.

"Y-yess," he murmured.

The train moved off and headed for Jayne's stop, traversing the many switches and cross rails of the main station. It began to rock from side to side, pushing the passengers this way and that. It was the perfect cover.

"Do it now!" hissed Jayne, using the roll of the train to disguise the thrusting of her ass. 

The boy began to do the same, humping his hips against her grinding globes.

Jayne could feel the rigid lump almost boring a hole in her thin summer dress, prodding between the cheeks of her jiggling ass. She tightened her thighs. She was cumming again. Oh fuck, here it is!

She felt the boy stiffen. He stopped pushing. Then started again, briefly. Jayne could feel him trembling. He was cumming - shooting all that boy-spunk into his pants. Right here on the train. Ahh yes, ahh yes-ss…

Jayne too was spending into her soaking panties. She could feel it trickling down the insides of her thighs. The rattle of the wheels on the cross rails almost drowned out the little moan of ecstasy from behind her.

As the train drew to a halt, the fat man in front began to shuffle forward and suddenly Jayne could move again. In the melee to get off the train she turned to the boy behind her. He was quite handsome, but she was surprised at how young he looked - seventeen, maybe eighteen. Blond hair. His face was flushed crimson, whether from the stifling heat of the train, embarassment or because he had just shot his load was hard to tell. He was holding his school satchel in front of him. There was going to be one helluva stain on the front of his pants in the morning. Nobody took the slightest notice as Jayne planted a tickling kiss on his ear. 

"Did you enjoy that?" she whispered.

He nodded his head shyly, the beads of sweat still glistening on his brow.

"Me too." Jayne said. Then she turned and got off the train.

Please feel free to comment on this story to the author. I would greatly appreciate any feedback as this is my first submission to Literotica. Your vote would be a bonus.