 Jayanessa reached home and found her husband already asleep. 

She was irritated to the core but was happy that she did not have to use the banana or the brinjal to bring herself off today. 

The nice sex with Kamesh was abundantly enough and she was cool. Just as she was about to cook some food for the kids – the bell rang and there is front of her was her cousin Venkat Mani. 

He came from their home place and was still a virgin. She was 26 years old and he was older to her but unmarried and a virgin. She was just about to go back to the kitchen when her son who was 4 years old came back with his grandma and was holding an icecream – they all finished food outside. 

Jayanessa decided not to cook for the night. 

"Ah...Venkat? Would you like to go out to dinner tonight?" 

Venkat glanced at the door to see Jayanessa leaning against the door and she was wearing a bright red kurta over a pair of black trousers. 

Her hair fell across her face and shoulders and her face was a little red from what seemed to be the beginnings of a blush. 

Both of them felt the same thing – at least today can we fuck – they had fondled each other even before she was married and done a lot of stuff physically – including giving his prick a kiss if not a blow job and holding it in her hands only to let it shrink with the juice in her hands. 

She knew he had come all the way not to give her the monthly update of her parents but also to try one more chance of fucking – maybe the last before his marriage – this summer.

Venkat and Jayanessa were cousins. Just cousins. 

There was a time when Venkat had been a little in love with Jayanessa, but had gracefully let it pass because she already had a boyfriend Venkat whom she married later. 

They were close friends though. 

A time had gone by when they had almost committed an indiscretion. 

Maybe that was why they were such good friends - the illicit attraction to each other kept them together and one day both knew it will come to a roll in the hay. 

"Sure, Ah...Jayanessa," smiled Venkat, mimicking her. "Where do you want to go?" 

"Oh, I don't know - how about "The Srinidhi Sagar"? They make a great Coorgi Dosa." 

"Fine, what time?" 

"I want to go straight from here. I have to go to work early tomorrow, so I want to get done quickly." 

"Ok, meet you downstairs?" 

"Right." 

The rest of the dinner went without incident. 

They met Jayanessa's colleague at the restaurant but for some reason, they were left alone. After dinner, they decided to move on to the terrace at their house – Jayanessa was very horny and made up her mind to devour this guy tonight.. 

"He really has a big one, hmm?" thought Jayanessa, trying to get the mood back to the bantering tone that she and Venkat usually had when they were together. 

She complained of neck pain as she reclined against the railing near the stairs on the terrace where they were seated.

Venkat let his hands press into the muscles of her neck, massaging the knots of tension in her neck. 

He slowly moved his hands down onto Jayanessa's shoulders and upper back and pressed his finger into the muscles of the upper back. 

He felt the small hairs on the back of her neck as he slowly caressed it with his palms. 

He slid his hands down to her upper back and pressed his thumb into the muscles, slowly pressing in circles, easing the tension in her muscles. 

"Does that feel good?" 

"Yes." 

"Tell me if I start to hurt you. Everyone has their own levels of endurance. And tell me when you like something too. Not everyone likes the same things." 

"Ok. Can you press a little lower on my back?" 

Venkat moved his hands to Jayanessa's back. 

He put his thumbs next to her back bone and let his hands lie flat on her back. 

Then he slowly started to move his hand up and down, pressing into the muscles with his thumbs and palms. 

"Ahh...yes, that feels nice." 

Venkat started to knead the muscles of her upper back, and after every few strokes, moved his thumbs down her spine. Jayanessa closed her eyes, her paper forgotten. 

All her concentration was centered between her shoulder blades as Venkat moved his hands up and down. He never went below the bra-strap as he kneaded her upper back and caressed it with his palms could feel the bra-strap each time on his down stroke and always stopped there. 

In fact he made it very obvious that he could feel the bra-strap by stopping whenever he touched it. 

Jayanessa realized this and for some reason it excited her to think that Venkat could feel her bra-strap.

This was the same Venkat that she had a completely platonic relationship with! 

This was starting to get to the bounds of what they allowed themselves to do around each other, but she ignored that in the pleasure she was getting. 

"Can you go a little lower?" 

On his next down stroke Venkat let his hands snag slightly on her bra-strap to make her aware that he knew what it was and then went past the line of it and onto her waist. 

All his feeling was concentrated in his palms as he felt her back curve smoothly, deliciously to her hips. He stopped at her jeans and moved back up. 

He ran his palms over her whole back, feeling nothing between his palm and her skin except a nice blouse over a red kurta and a thin bra-strap. He kept running his hands over her back, pressing in with his fingers and thumbs now and then. 

Her kurta came loose from where it was tucked into her silky trousers because of the tugging of his hands. 

As his fingers moved up her back, the kurta/blouse rode up with them. Venkat flattened his palms on Jayanessa's back and felt the muscles of her back move slowly under his hands. 

He caressed her back slowly, moving out and up, over her side, the fabric of her kurta catching slightly on the lace of her bra. 

He felt her breasts from the side, just at the point where they joined her ribs and moved on up. 

The very slight touch of Venkat's fingers on the side of her breasts brought a gush of pleasure cruising through Jayanessa's nerves. She knew that he had felt her breast and that she should stop this soon, but she said nothing. 

As his hands moved down her back again, Venkat let his fingers slip under her kurta and let his fingers touch her skin. 

Jayanessa had felt her kurta ride up but hadn't said anything - wondering where Venkat would stop. She felt safe with him, and she didn't think that she would mind if he really did do something indiscreet. 

He was, after all, a very good friend. 

Venkat let his fingers run to her side and slowly brought them up again. His hands brushed over her bra-strap again as they came to her shoulders. 

Jayanessa's eyes were closed and she had dropped her head back a little. On his next down stroke, Venkat let his hand travel along her side and slip to her front so that they ended on her tummy. He massaged her tummy a little, feeling the warm satin smoothness. 

He let his finger explore her navel while his hands pressed against her tummy. 

His face was in her hair, his breath coming slowly in her ear. Jayanessa turned to him slightly and on the upstroke Venkat let his hand glide smoothly up her front until they were stopped by her breasts. 

He bent to look at Jayanessa's face. Her eyes were open and there was a slight smile on her face, challenging. He lowered his lips to her's as he let his palms press her breasts under the bra. 

Jayanessa started to say something when she felt Venkat's hands on her breasts, but the kiss on her lips made her forget as she gave in to the kiss. 

Her breath got a little short as Venkat moved his arms around to her back and after a slight bit of hesitation, snapped her bra open. She opened her mouth to suck his lips as his hands traced back to her breasts and slowly went under her bra. 

And then she saw him watching them from the shadows – she could see him clearly holding his prick and looking towards them – she felt bad as to why he had to do that – Venkat her husband who was rarely into fucking her was on the terrace watching both of them. 

She felt – it a bit odd but slowly let is seep in – today was a different day – she had fucked Raaj in the evening – now with Venkat – she was about to satisfy a long pending desire of fucking her own cousin and one more inside desire – making her inept useless husband watch her fuck another man. What a DAY!

Oblivious to all this , Venkat cupped Jayanessa's breasts in his palms, feeling their soft weight in his hands. They were beautiful breasts - he had thought about them before. 

He had thought about what they would feel like if he could get them in his palms. He had always thought that she had beautiful breasts - full but not too large.

He had fantasized about fondling them in his palms, his fantasy was not as good like the real thing. 

Her nipples were erect, pressing into his palms. Venkat moved his hand so that the nipples were between his thumb and forefingers. 

He slowly twisted them back and forth, at the same time feeling her smooth breasts with his palms. 

He squeezed her breasts softly as he pinched the nipples slightly and felt Jayanessa shudder slightly with pleasure. 

Jayanessa raised her arms to encircle Venkat's head and opened her mouth to take his tongue completely into her mouth. 

The taste of his mouth was different from the taste of Raaj's mouth and the touch of Venkat's slightly unshaven face new. But she liked it and drove the thought of Raaj from her mind - this was between her and Venkat. 

She could feel Venkat's palms run over her breasts as he ran his fingers across her nipples. She could feel each finger individually as it brushed over her nipples. He put his forefinger on top of each tit and pushed it into the breast, slowly running his finger in small circles while he squeezed her breasts with his palms. 

Jayanessa sighed with pleasure at the delicious touch of his lips over hers and the touch of his hands on her breasts. 

Jayanessa slowly got up and turned around in Venkat's arms. Then, with one last lingering taste of his lips, she broke free and looked into the direction where she knew her cuckold husband was standing. 

"We shouldn't do this." 

"Why not?" 

"It isn't right." 

"Oh come now! You are a lovely girl and one of my best friends besides being a cousin. And what are cousins but lovers who don't make love? And sharing this in time only brings friends closer if they are well-adjusted in their own sexuality and can enjoy sex without guilt. There is nothing wrong with making love with close friends even though we are cousins, love-making is meant to be between friends! It is fun only between people who trust each other. And if you are enjoying this, then there is nothing wrong with this. Agreed?"

"But besides all that – am also married and mother of 2 children and Sort of...no actually, but when have I let the immorality of doing something stop me from doing it? Just to let you know – I want to fuck you and between my legs am still having the fire even after a long fucking with my colleague this evening at his place." Jayanessa smiled and moved away from Venkat only to again to a snide look in her husband's direction who was still there lurking in the shadows. 

She turned and slowly pulled off her blouse and kurta, her hair falling about her shoulders. Her bra, since it was already unhooked, also came with her kurta and blouse. Her breasts snagged in her kurta as it was pulled up and bounced slightly when they were freed. Venkat's eyes almost fell out of his head with lust. 

"They move! I mean, of course they move! They look lovely! Venkat is such a lucky fellow – he should be worshiping you day and night for such lovely precious body"there was no doubt that he was salivating.

Jayanessa laughed and pulled off her black trousers and panties. Then put her palms under her breast and raised them a little. Then, she let them go with another laugh, making them bounce again. 

"Venkat is a wimp and by the way -is this how you would like to have me?" she asked impishly, her hair falling over her shoulders, her dark-brown nipples erect, the brownish/black triangle of hair between her legs showing shyly. 

"Don't tease me!" said Venkat as he pulled Jayanessa to him and lowered his lips to her breasts. 

Jayanessa put her hands in his hair and held his head steady as she arced her body to put her nipple into Venkat's mouth. 

Venkat pushed Jayanessa slowly to make her sit on the mattress on the terrace floor and then got down on his knees to sit with her legs encircling his torso. Jayanessa held Venkat's face in her hands as he slowly started to lick her breasts. 

"Yes, that feels really nice," sighed Jayanessa. Venkat was slowly caressing her right breast with his palm as he used his tongue to lick the dark pink nipple of her left breast.

He felt the soft weight of her breast quivering in his palm as he squeezed it slightly. He moved his palm to hold her erect nipple in his thumb and forefinger captured between them. 

He squeezed it slightly and felt Jayanessa sigh as she dropped her face into his neck. All her feeling was concentrated on her breasts. 

Venkat pulled on her nipple slightly and squeezed it again. He twirled it slightly between his thumb and forefinger, and then pressed it into the breast. 

was breathing softly into Venkat's neck, her breath tickling him. 

Venkat sucked her left nipple into his mouth and squeezed it between his lips. Jayanessa sighed as his teeth came in contact with her nipple and his tongue started circling it slowly. 

Venkat took her nipple and squeezed it between his teeth, holding it on the threshold of where the pleasure turned to pain. 

Then he slowly let his tongue run over the tip. 

Jayanessa held Venkat's head tight and pulled his hair slightly as the pleasure cruised through her body to hit her deep between her legs. 

"It's true," she whispered. "A woman's breasts _have_ a direct connection to her pussy!" 

Then she blushed when she realized what she had said. Venkat continued to fondle and suck her breasts. 

Jayanessa had her legs around Venkat's torso, and slowly squeezed and released him with her thighs. As she got wetter between her legs, she started to press her breasts more and more against Venkat's face. 

Sometimes she would free her breasts from his clasp and caress his face with the nipples, feeling his eyes, his slightly unshaven face, his lips on them. 

Venkat let Jayanessa's breasts go and slowly moved his lips lower. He kissed her between her breasts, feeling their soft smoothness on his cheeks. 

He licked the slight film of sweat that was forming on her body, enjoying the slightly salty taste of it. 

He moved his kisses under her breasts and kissed her where her breasts joined her ribs, feeling the soft weight of her breasts on his face. He kissed each rib separately as he moved lower and stopped at her navel. 

Jayanessa's stomach quivered in anticipation of his lips as Venkat breathed softly into her navel and then lowered his lips to it. 

She gasped slightly when his lips touched her navel and his tongue slid into it. He licked the inside of her navel, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin on his face - the warm smell of her body delighting him. 

Jayanessa leaned back and lay down on the bed, her hips over the edge, her legs on the floor. Her thighs opened wider as Venkat raised them over his shoulders and slid under them. 

He turned his face and licked the inside of her soft, sensitive thigh, feeling the small, soft, golden hair on her inner thighs under his lips. He ran his tongue up her thigh till his face was almost touching her most private parts, the warm, musky, inviting smell making him dizzy.

Then he moved slowly back out to her knees. He could see Jayanessa's pussy, covered with dark black hair, glistening slightly in the moisture that had come from the pink, hot slit in the middle. The lips were open slightly, her clit protruding a little. It was beautiful and infinitely tempting. 

Venkat moved back to Jayanessa's pussy, slowly, enjoying the touch of her inner thighs under his lips. Jayanessa's body stiffened in anticipation as she felt his lips move closer and closer to her moist pussy. 

Venkat's lips moved on to the soft hair surrounding it, the hair tickling his nose. He nuzzled the hair apart and then his lips slowly covered her's in that most private of all kisses. Jayanessa sighed in pleasure as she felt his tongue taste her slit. 

Venkat inserted the tip of his tongue into her slit as it opened under the loving pressure. He moved it slowly up, tasting the sweet moisture on his tongue. He reached her clit as it protruded out from between the lips and stabbed it with his tongue. 

Jayanessa sat up suddenly when his tongue touched her clit and then fell back in pleasure as he slowly licked it with long flat licks, her hips in his arms. 

"This is wonderful Venkat, it really is." 

Venkat took her clit between his lips and kissed it. He licked the inside of her slit till it was wide open, welcoming him into its warmth. He reveled in the smell, the taste of it knowing it contained some stuff from her previous fuck though she had bathed before dinner. 

Jayanessa was moaning slightly, almost continuously as his lips and tongue explored her. Her legs hung over his shoulders as his hands held her hips steady against his face. 

He moved his right hand down and around till it was on her smooth butt. He squeezed her butt and let his hand travel up the crack.

Jayanessa pressed against his hand as he moved it slowly along the crack until it was against her slit. 

Venkat wet his finger on her pussy, rolling his finger around to completely cover it with the moisture and slowly inserted it into her slit. 

Jayanessa arced her body and tighted her legs around Venkat's head as she felt his finger enter her. The combined pleasure of his finger in her pussy and his tongue on her clit was getting too much for her. 

Venkat moved his finger in and out of her pussy, slowly, feeling the muscles clamp around it, trying to hold it in as he inexorably pulled it out, and then pushed it back in just as she gave up. Her hips ground under his face, her hair tickling his nose.  

She moved with a rhythm, matching the push and pull of his finger and the thrusts of his tongue. Her fingers clutched at his hair and she gave herself up to the pleasure filling her body. 

Venkat slipped his finger completely into Jayanessa and then, with his palm up, bent his finger as if beckoning someone. The tip pressed against the front wall of her vagina as he slowly pulled it out. When he was about two inches inside, Jayanessa suddenly moaned with pleasure. He had found her g-spot. 

There really is such a spot - analogous to the male prostrate gland - and it can give very intense orgasms if stimulated correctly. Venkat put his finger on her spot and rubbed it with the tip of his finger. 

Venkat rolled his finger on it, pressed it, ran his finger in circles over it, and generally enjoyed himself. Jayanessa was moaning almost continuously now. 

Suddenly, she felt the pleasure that had been cruising in her body start to erupt. She could distinctly feel each delicious lick of Venkat's tongue as his finger stimulated her g-spot. 

She thighs tightened around Venkat's head as she lost herself to the pleasure of her building orgasm. 

Her pussy ground into his face, her hips thrusting. Venkat could barely hold her. Her hands went to her face and covered it as she moaned, her black hair falling over her face, her body shuddering as wave after wave of her orgasm hit her. Venkat could feel her beautiful buttocks tighten and loosen as she ground her hips in his face. 

Her breasts shook and she bent her legs up, as she held them apart with her hands to better watch Venkat lap at her pussy. Venkat kept frigging her g-spot with his finger and Jayanessa's orgasm kept going. 
