 He was acting strange all day. For some reason he kept looking at me I had the sensation that he was feeling guilty about something. I didn't want to think about it and yet I couldn't shake it off. 

We were having a party that night. A few friends were coming over for dinner and drinks. The usual gang, not a big deal at all. It was a warm summer night so we decided a barbeque would be a good idea. He loaded up the bbq chimney with mesquite as he whistled a happy tune. He was wearing that pale blue t-shirt that shows off his slim manly physique. His arms were slightly tanned and the sun shown through the golden hair on his arms. As I stood inside and looked out the window at him, he looked happy and chipper. He must've felt that my eyes were on him, he turned and gave me that naughty smile and winked at me. His smile always gets me hot especially when he gives me that naughty grin of his. I let out a sigh knowing that our guests would be over too soon for us to make a trip upstairs for a few moments of hot burning passion.

I continued to prepare the appetizers-cheese and crackers, hummus, olives, etc. As I prepared for guests' arrival, it suddenly dawned me that maybe he was happy because a certain female was coming over tonight. 

Ah my friend Helena-always so beautiful, blemish free and sparkly white teeth. She always looks good and she doesn't have to work at it. She is Asian and in her mid 30's. Her skin is milk chocolate brown, her hair silky black and her body is something to envy. Not only is she gorgeous, but she is also sharp as a tack and extremely successful. There is something very strong about her, almost distant and cold. She is certainly not a shrinking violet and has a Type A personality. Yet, she has got to be one of the nicest human beings.

When I first met her, I never really thought too much about her. She called me and invited me to the movies, on hikes, and to various social occasions but I was always too busy to get together. I ran into her quite often so eventually, we began our friendship. 

I introduced her to my friends and invited her to my social gatherings. Apparently my male friends looked at her quite differently than I. They followed her around the party trying to make conversation with her. Although their wives were there too, they couldn't seem to break away from her. Noticing their over zealous attention, she expressed a level of discomfort about it to me. She obviously didn't want to piss anyone off especially my girlfriends, the wives of my panting male friends.

"I am sure, there's no problem. I trust that you would never go for any of them. I think it's kind of funny! My girlfriends don't have a problem with you talking to their husbands." 

So it goes, Helena, eventually moved into the unit across the way from me after her divorce. I had divorced Evan a year or two before Helena's divorce. By the time she moved in across the way from me, David and I had been dating for at least a year. 

We have been together for a few years now and our relationship has been amazing. For the most part, I thank my lucky stars we are together. He is sweet, patient, loving, sexy and the best lover I have ever had. I have to admit, I am addicted to him. He turns me on every time we make love. When I look at his hands, I can't help but think about the way he touches me. We share most everything. We've invited other women to join us for sensuality and erotic play. Watching him touch and make love to another woman turns me on. Making love to a woman while he watches drive him wild.  Helena flirts with David. On many occasions she has flirted with the both of us as we did her. 

One day I, after running into Helena, I asked David if he had fantasies about her. He hesitated for a moment and replied, "no."

The hesitation in itself let me know he was not being honest. "David, why are you lying to me? I asked. He blushed and reluctantly said, "Okay, I lied, of course I have had fantasies about Helena but they always involve the three of us."

"Oh really? Tell me more."

David didn't go into to great detail but he confessed that he had been having fantasies about the Helena, him and me. 

I, in turn, confessed my fantasies as well. You see, I had been having fantasies about him touching her. As I lay awake and alone in bed, I'd fantasize about his hands touching her brown skin whereupon; I'd get myself off while thinking about them together.

The day he confessed his fantasies, we made wild passionate love. As he touched me, I begged him to tell me what he wanted to do with her, what he wanted me to do with her. As he touched my body, I imagined he was touching her. The more he talked the hotter and wetter I got. I was so wet that when he touched my clit, my body jerked uncontrollably. We fucked for hours, panting and spewing our fantasies out loud.

After that day, Helena became an obsession of ours. I began to grow jealous of David's fantasies. For weeks on end, when we made love, he'd tell me all the different things he wanted to do with her. He wanted to tie her up, spank her, take her from behind. He wanted her to beg for him, to suck his cock. He wanted to dominate her. He wanted to lick her pussy, he wanted to make her scream in ecstasy. I wanted him to share his thoughts with me so I didn't say much and I have to admit, the jealousy drove my passions to new heights. Yet, being my neighbor, the thought of the three of us together was just too close to home. Our lovers were not regulars and they didn't live across the way from either of us.

A part of me wanted to show her just what a great lover he is. I wanted to share him with her but could I be sure he wouldn't leave me for her? I had often wondered if I would become jealous.

One day, I popped in on Helena; she invited me in for a cup of tea. As we drank tea, I admired her beauty. She had just come back from a run, her skin shone with a thin layer of sweat. I couldn't help but stare at her cleavage. 

Suddenly, I found myself blurting out, "Hey Helena, would you ever consider joining David and me for a little erotic fun? He is a fantastic lover and if you did join us I know it would fulfill one of his fantasies." As I said this, I let out a nervous giggle to help ease my discomfort.

She laughed, "Oh god, don't you think that is a little close to home? Besides right now, I am trying to figure out whether or not my relationship with Chris is going anywhere but if it doesn't work out, I may consider it."

There was an uncomfortable silence.

"Oh yeah, Chris. How are you two doing anyway?

Helena went on to tell me about Chris and her confusion about their relationship. We never really spoke again about the possibility of a threesome. I didn't want to push it with her. Also, I wasn't sure if I could handle David's lust for her.

Eventually, Mine and David's mutual fantasies and verbose lovemaking subsided. 

As I listened to David's whistling I stared out the window at him, it dawned on me that somehow this good mood of his had to do with Helena's impending appearance at my party. I restrained myself from asking him. After all, everyone is entitled to wishful thinking.

Knock knock knock. "Helloooooo."

Helena!

"Hey Girlie, what's happening?" I yelled out. 

Helena is always the first to arrive. She has got to be the most prompt person I know. I suppose that probably is part of the reason for her success.

I quickly looked out to the deck, David was smiling to himself, he looked up slightly but tried to pretend he didn't know she walked in.

I peeked around the corner as she walked in through the entry. "I am here, in the kitchen."

With a her pearly white smile, she gave me a huge hug. "How are you? Where's David?"

"He's out back, go say hi."

She turned and headed out to the deck. God she was hot. Helena is about 5'6" and has these incredibly sexy legs.  She was wearing a short black skirt, a low cut top that showed off her cleavage. She had the best shoes. As she walked away I thought to myself, "Yummy."

I watched their interaction. He was smiling as she approached him. He reached out, hugged her and gave her a light kiss on the lips. I couldn't hear what they were saying but obviously he was quick to find something to talk about. 

As he stoked the fire on the barbeque, Helena, sat down in one of my new patio chairs, he sat down across from her. She was laughing and swinging her hair to one side. I could see the lust on his face and actually I could see it on hers. I thought about going outside and joining them but watching them was making me jealous and hot at the same time. Jealousy functions as an aphrodisiac for me so I decided to let their interaction go without interruption.

As they sat and talked, I could see she was crossing and uncrossing her legs and every time she did so, David would turn his head, like a schoolboy hoping to get a glimpse up her skirt. I could see that her skirt was hiked up around her thighs and getting a sneak view wouldn't be that difficult. There they sat, laughing to themselves, every once in awhile touching one another on the knee. 

Knock knock knock. Another guest had arrived.

As I greeted my friends, David and Helena walked in from the deck. They greeted the new arrivals then unexpectedly, David leaned towards me and whispered in my ear, "Helena wants to show me her new hot tub, we'll be right back." Before I could respond, they walked out the door as more people arrived. I wanted to call out to him but they were busy laughing and talking as they left.

I continued to greet and socialize with my guests. We sat around the kitchen noshing and sipping red wine. People asked, "Where's David?" I casually replied, "oh, he's checking out Helena's new hot tub." Although my tone was casual, my jealousy was growing by leaps and bounds and I grew damp between my thighs.

I walked out to deck to check on the barbeque and as I did so I tried to get a peek across the way at Helena's place. There seemed to be no sign of Helena and David. Her front door was closed!

While they were gone, I hung out with my friends. While they spoke to me, I couldn't really hear what they were saying. My mind was busy conjuring up visions of what David and Helena were doing. 

Quickly, I excused myself, and ran across the way to Helena's. As I walked in the front door I could hear her moaning. Her place was just like mine. From the front door, I could see straight through to her back yard. There they were, she was sitting on the cover of the hot tub with her skirt hiked up to her waist. David was bending down licking her pussy. I stood there shocked, full of rage and jealousy but I stood quiet, frozen in the moment. 

Her feet strategically placed on his shoulders as she rested on her elbows with her head thrown back and her eyes closed. Her dark brown nipples stood erect. I wanted to get a closer look so I stepped closer to the window. I could see he was in heaven. As he licked her clit over and over, he slid his finger in and out of her. She began to pinch and pull on her nipples. She jutted her hips towards him as he moved his finger faster and harder. I could see him looking at his finger slide in and out of her. Her pussy was waxed bare. Her beautiful shiny wet pussy lips were puffy, engorged with desire. Over and over he slid is finger in and out of her and over her clit. He pushed his face into her pussy, licking and sucking her as she moaned louder.

"David, Fuck me, please fuck me.". 

He aggressively grabbed her hips and flipped her onto her belly and frantically unzipped his pants and pulled his hard cock out.

"Oh David, give me your cock." 

I was torn as to whether I should stay or return to my guests. I needed to see him slide his cock in her. I wanted to see him get off. 

He closed his eyes and thrust his hard cock into her as he pulled her hips into his. He let out a deep moan as he entered her. I stood watching as my clit began to throb. His face was flush as he fucked her hard.

"Oh god Helena, You want my cock don't you? Fuck my hard cock, give me your pussy."

As he slammed his cock into her, her raised his hand and slapped her ass hard. For a moment, she seemed stunned and the then she bucked wildly begging David to make her cum.

Yes, David, I have wanted you to fuck me, Oh baby, give it to me deep and hard"  fuck me like you fuck Brianna. 

I was surprised to hear her say that. Imagine that! She wanted to know how he made love to me. How strange!

I had to get back to my party. I wanted to stay but if I did I'd never get back to my guests, so I left them, knowing that he was realizing one of his fantasies without me. When I returned to my house, I immediately began barbequing. 

"Where's David?"

Oh, he's helping Helena do something with her new hot tub. They'll be back in a minute."

I can't believe I covered his ass. That fucker!

As I stood over the hot sizzling barbeque, sweating from thoughts of David and Helena, I heard her front door open. As they walked out of her place and headed over to mine, she straightened out her skirt. 

As they came through my door, David called out to me, "Hey babe, we're back. Need any help?"

I called out, "Yes, could you finish barbequing for me."

He walked out onto the deck a little sheepishly and leaned over and gave me a kiss. I kissed him lovingly and tasted her pussy on his lips. "Mmmm baby, you taste good," I said.

I walked away and headed for the kitchen. Helena was filling her wine glass as I strolled up behind her and pressed my body against her back. As I did so, I discretely slid my finger up her inner thighs and found her wet bare pussy. I ran my finger through her dampness, through his cum and whispered in her ear, "was it good?"

She turned and kissed me on the lips and said, "You're one lucky girl, Thanks."