 "That God damn bitch is a guy!  She's got a cock as big as a horse!" Jean March, my partner on the shore patrol detail was angry as hell when she shouted these words at us.  

She and I had just started our four to midnight patrol duty when we were advised of a disturbance in one of the local night spots often frequented by sailors on shore leave.  The Norfolk police were holding a sailor and a civilian who were involved in a fracas.  We got there about 10 minutes later to find two cops holding a tall, mini skirted red head.  

The sailor, quite drunk, was slouched in one of the booths, one eye badly swollen and his nose bleeding.  There was blood all over the front of his tunic and he was incoherent.

"What happened?"  I asked the older policeman. 

Before he could answer, the red head blurted, "I'll tell you what happened, I was sitting on his lap and he dumped me on the floor so I decked the son-of-a-bitch!"

I was trying to get some response from the sailor when one of the cops asked Jean to take the mini skirted offender into the toilet and frisk her.

Thirty seconds later, the door to the ladies room flew open and the red head came flying out backwards, landing on her ass, followed by the irate Jean.  "That God damn bitch is a guy!  She's got a cock as big as a horse!  I felt a lump in her crotch and when I pulled her skirt up to see what it was, there was this big hairy dick staring me in the face." 

Finally, the sailor roused himself to enough to mumble, "That's what I been trying to tell you, she was sitting on my lap.  When I put my hand under her skirt to feel her pussy she had a hard on so I pushed her off."

We finally decided there was no reason for anyone to go to jail, so they released the civilian and we sent the sailor back to his ship in a taxicab.

Later, while we were driving around, patrolling our area, Jean and I were talking about what had happened when she said, "Damn perverts, men having sex with men.  It's unnatural."  She shot me a sideways look and said, "Did you ever do that?"

"Of course not, did you?"

"Sure, the few times before...  Oh, you mean with another woman?"

"Yeah."

"Well, to tell the truth, I did it once or twice when I was in high school."

She had tweaked my interest so I said, "Tell me about it."

"Well, I had gone to spend the night with my best friend while her parents were away.  We were looking in one of her brothers magazines and saw some women that were shaved down there.  We were curious how it would feel so we decided to do it to each other.  I don't mind telling you that it made me hot as hell to have her hands, the warm lather and the razor sliding all over me he like that.  We were both virgins but had masturbating a few times in private."

"By the time I finished shaving her, there was juice dripping out of her pussy, so, just like in one of the stories from the magazine I licked it.  The moment I touched her, she had an organism.  Then, she did me.  It was so good that we did it quite a few more times after that.  I have always wanted a man to do that to me."

"You have never had a man eat your pussy?"

"No, would you like to?  I know it's making me hot as hell just talking about it. My panties are soaked and I am going to have a wet spot on the back of my uniform skirt. Look the other way so I can slide out of my panties and wipe my pussy."

I looked away and there was a lot of movement in the passengers seat. When I looked back, there was a pair of very soggy, white cotton panties on the seat between us.  "It looks like the conversation bothered you too, didn't it.  You've got a hard on haven't you?"

"Well..."

She leaned over and put her hand on my crotch.  "Well, I thought so, it feels as big and hard as a flashlight.  Do you eat pussy?"

I couldn't help but remember Mrs. Muller, my instructor in the art of cunnilingus.  "I sure do."  I didn't tell her that I had only done it a couple of times and then, each time with the same woman.  "I would love to taste a shaved one.  Do you still do that?"

"Yeah, do you shave around your dick?"

"No, I've never tried that."

"Well, I'm not going to suck your cock and get hairs in my mouth."

"I will shave tonight!"

"To hell with that, were going somewhere and have sex right now!  My pussy is aching for a big cock.  There is a sleazy little motel just a few blocks ahead.  Don't worry, I'll pay half.  We can take the hand-held radio in with us and stay in touch.  Nobody will miss us."

We found the motel.  I took off my leggings, sidearm, arm band and helmet and went in to register.  The clerk was probably used to sailors coming in for a quick one. He barely looked at me when he shoved the $20 bill into his pocket and handed me the key to unit No. 9, way in the back.  I stopped in front of the cabin, let her out and went to conceal the car. 

By the time I got back to the tiny room, she was just stepping out of the shower.  The military uniform had been hiding something from me.  She was very well built, short blond hair, hazel eyes, perhaps 5 ft. 5 in., 130 pounds, nice breasts and a firm, flat tummy.  I could see that she was in excellent physical shape, but the most outstanding feature was the complete lack of hair anywhere on her body.  Her pussy was white and creamy, and looked delicious.

"OKAY sailor, hit the showers and then we can get to work."

It took me less than two minutes to wash my face, arm pits, cock and ass.  I came out of the shower drying off with my dick sticking straight out in front of me. She was sitting on the bed and my heart dropped when she said, "I've changed my mind."

"You mean were not going to..."

"No, no," she said as she reached out for me.  "I mean about sucking your cock.  I didn't know it was so handsome.  Come here and let me have a taste."

I stood in front of her while she slid her lips all over my cock and fondled my balls with her soft hands.  Now and then she would run her fingertips up against my ass hole, making me jump.  I hadn't realized how much our earlier conversation had affected me until I felt her tongue swirling around the tip of my dick and experienced the suction of her mouth.  I tried to hold back, but it was like trying to stop the tide from falling.  I closed my eyes, tilted my head back and enjoyed filling her mouth with my sperm.

"Now, it's your turn to do me sailor.  Make me cum with your tongue."

She lay back on the bed with her legs spread wide, bent at the knees.  The sight her hairless pussy oozing nectar was one of the most exciting things I had ever seen.  I remembered exactly what my teacher had taught me and had her almost screaming in just a few minutes.  Her tiny clitoris was so swollen that it was almost like a little penis. I was able to suck it into my mouth between my lips and roll my tongue around it.  Three times I brought her up to teeter on the very edge of organism before dropping her back.  When I finally let her go over, her organism was so complete I wasn't sure she was going to let me fuck her, but I shouldn't have worried.


She taught made a new position that I found highly erotic.  With her ass on the very edge of the bed, she spread her legs wide and held them up in the air by grasping her ankles.  Her pussy was gaping open, almost winking at me when she quipped, "Okay sailor, insert tab 'A' into slot 'B' and move it back and forth a lot.

I did, and with me standing on the floor, my weight supported on my stiff arms, the only place we touched was where my cock was slipping in an out of her pussy and where my balls were slapping against her ass.  I thought I would be able to keep this up forever but she had an intense climax almost immediately and let to go of her legs.  She finally polished me off by letting me fuck her from behind, doggy style.

Our shift was almost over by the time we cleaned up and got back on the road.  We rode together quite a few times over the next few months and almost always ended up in the same motel when it was quiet and we had the money.  Sometimes, when we were broke we would find a quiet driveway at a deserted house and fuck in the car.

She was discharged at the end of her tour and went back to Oklahoma.  I got a letter from her saying she had joined the state police force and hoped her new partner would be as talented and understanding as I had been.  I should have written and thanked her for introducing me to the freedom and enjoyment that a shaved pubic area brings.

I got out three weeks after her and went back to Florida to finish my schooling under the GI Bill.  We still talk now and then.

30

Copyright © 01-10-2001 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me at the link below.