 Candy James pursed her full, sensual lips with anxiety and ducked her head into the side entrance of 'The Meat Palace', hoping she hadn't been seen. The 26-year-old teacher knew that once she made it inside at least the women there would be equally compromised and would be unlikely to report her to her employers.

The small and shapely brunette had spent the last few months boiling with sexual frustration and her quest for some kind of sexual satisfaction in the god-forsaken little craphole of Roxboro continued unabated. She was even happy to risk being seen making a visit to the Ladies Night at the local strip joint. 

At first she'd been unwilling, until her new best pal Suzy Watkins, teacher at the same local high school as Candy, had filled in the panty-soaking detail one lunch-break in the school cafeteria.

"Fuck, Candy, some of these studs are at least 10 inches, some of them more. You can grab a feel whenever, even a lick, and..."

Suzy paused for dramatic effect, giving one of he famous shit-eating grins.

"For a hundred bucks you can nail any one of them! I'm serious. The owner doesn't know about it but his daughter started selling cock as a sideline."

"Holy shit!" blurted Candy, as her cunt started sucking at the crotch of her panties.

She quickly regained composure. "Yeah, right Suze, if you say so". She gave Suzy a sarcastic grin and went back to her burger.

As much as she loved Suzy, she knew she was a primo bullshitter. O Well, grade-A jerk off fantasy material even if not true. Still, maybe it was..... after 3 months without dick the thought of riding 10 inches attached to 180 pounds of rock hard muscle... Candy swallowed and thought about how she needed to take a break in the faculty bathroom.....

-------

Once Candy paid at the door and got her copy of the rules: 'No touching unless invited; drunks will be ejected; all jerking off to be done in the bathroom', she took a seat near the stage after spying Suzy's blonde head and tall, willowy frame.

She and Suzy often exchanged lewd stories about the real or supposed goings-on at Roxboro High School. Which teachers were fucking each other, which were nailing students, which students had been caught jerking off: rumour and fable, but they both enjoyed the clit-stiffening conversations, and both being past masters and the art of self-abuse, were grateful for new additions to their respective spank-banks. Suzy had just this morning been telling her how a lot of the female students behaved provocatively because they assumed she was a dyke just because she taught gym.

"You wouldn't believe how many of the little bitches try to offer me pussy just to be let off Gym. It's fucking hilarious!"

Tonight she told the story of how Mandy Lewandowsky had offered to suck her twat in exchange for a pass for the semester. The poor girl had almost cried when Suzy had turned her down.

"If you ask me, that young lady is a closet case. Her eyes are always on stalks in the showers and she spends a lot of time locked in a toilet stall afterwards - Spanking the beaver if y'ask me! heh, heh!"

The music started and the lights dimmed. "Here goes, babe. I've been giving mine a lot of punishment lately, anticipating this!"

The first dancer was dressed as a construction worker. He was about 22 and 6'4". His shoulders, pecs and biceps were enormous. By the time he got down to a g-string bulging with what looked to be an exceptionally large package, a smell of wet vagina filled the dim and smoky room. 

Suddenly a girl of about 18 was pulled out of her seat by a female bouncer, obviously for jerking off under the table.

"Do it in the bathroom, sweetie" shouted the huge woman over the screaming and yelling. The girl scuttled off shame-facedly, much to the amusement of her friends.

The big bouncer took a surreptitious sniff of the hand that had grabbed the girl's 'busy' one. 

"Doesn't look as if the bouncer's gonna be distracted by the dancing this evening!" laughed Candy to Suzy who had turned round briefly to catch the episode.

Soon, the construction worker was flopping his huge tool around the stage, dropping into the audience to pick up a few extra bucks and allow the women to cop a feel, though that, strictly, was against the rules.

The second dancer was black and dressed as a football player. Like the first guy, he stripped to nothing before letting a long fat penis sway and shake for the audiences enjoyment. Some of the audience leaped forward to gab a feel while others watched with glazed eyes, madly bouncing one crossed leg over the other or with a slyly moving hand in their crotch, as the dancer slowly swayed the enormous cock back and forth. One plump middle-aged woman was pulled out of the crowd after she had tried to get her mouth around the huge cockhead.

Several women were buying lap dances in the back room where the guys got hard and could be jerked off and sucked if it was done discreetly. The women weren't allowed to touch themselves but again, as long as it was discreet it was winked at, though most had to make a trip to the Ladies room afterwards.

Candy had already had to make a brief trip to the bathroom to rub out a quickie. Each of the other 4 stalls had been occupied and from the little grunts and whimpers it was clear that she wasn't the only one who was enjoying the show. Candy pictured the long fat pecker of the construction worker, and it didn't take long before her pussy was spraying her hand.

After half an hour Candy and Suzy were both ready for a lap dance. Soon Suzy disappeared into a booth with a tall black-haired adonis of about 19 with a pecker that hung down to his knees, winking at Candy and licking her lips salaciously. 

Candy had selected a young blond that looked quite a bit like Mike Johannson, a pupil in her 12th grade English class, a buff football player who was seriously packing. He often smirked or waggled his tongue at her when he caught her ogling his package in class. She had whacked off to that glorious piece of ass about 50 times, but unfortunately, the clit-twanging fantasy of getting a lap-dance from a 'Mike the spike' look-a-like wasn't to be fulfilled as he had been snapped up by a woman of about 50 with straight brown hair a few seconds before.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck! The horny bitch!" 

The manager who had given her the bad news, a beanpole in her early twenties with a comical shock of red hair, sent the waiter for a complementary drink to apologise.

"Sorry about that. That stud is very popular. What an amazing piece of cock, mmm?" she grinned.

"Listen, we've got a new kid on the staff: eighteen; a nine-inch dick and an ass that would make a mother-superior cream her panties. How about it?"

So that was how Candy James got a lap-dance from Jeff Jones. A fantasy scenario used a total of 87 times by 24 women in the town of Roxboro to accompany acts of masturbation. The ladies included his next-door neighbor; a lady who 12 years earlier had been his kindergarten teacher; and even his own dear auntie. Candy herself had jerked off numerous times to the boy with the most awesome butt in town but this hadn't actually been one of her library of scenarios, at least not with Jeff. When he appeared, though, with a look of terror and recognition on his face, dressed only in a thong that looked about to burst, with his amazing abs and pecs oiled up, she felt her womb contract and a fresh spray of pussy juice hit her already soaked panty-crotch.

"Holy shit! it can't be. Fucking hell"

Both student and teacher looked anywhere except at each other. Jeff began to dance as if everything was normal, and Candy's vagina re-asserted the controlling role it had been enjoying all evening.

Being Gay meant Jeff had a big problem getting the necessary hard-on when in close contact with a woman. Usually he needed to think about some desirable male: a boy he knew or a celebrity. On this occasion, after they got through the formalities of pretending not to recognize each other, he selected a fantasy of Mike Johannson jerking off to a porno, one of the ones he'd been shown by Mike last time they'd hung out. Ironically Candy had often beat off to exactly the same fantasy....

Candy's head was swimming with arousal as she watched the boy wiggle, shake and wave his ever-hardening cock in her face. What a beautiful dick! Thick, with a fat scarlet head and a throbbing vein running up the side! She paused, then went for it, grabbing it gently and placing her mouth on the first live human hard-on she'd seen in months.

Jeff's fantasy , meanwhile, had switched to his friend Paul and it was Paul who was currently giving him a blow-job. Jeff kept his eyes tight shut and let Candy swallow his meat as if she was starving to death. She slipped her hand into her pants and began to rub madly at her diamond-hard clit.

It took exactly 2 minutes for Jeff to spray a load down 'Paul' 's throat and for Candy to blow a cunt-load into her pink panties simultaneously.

"Ahhhhh. Fuckkkkk yeahhhhh!!" she hollered before slumping in her chair; Jeff was already tucking his softened dick inside his thong with an embarrassed shudder.

A couple of minutes later she went in search of Suzy. The horny blonde had retired to the ladies room to jerk off after her lap dancer had teased her with his monster schlong for the length of one song. She hadn't enough cash left for another.

"You come?" "You better fucking believe it! Wait till I tell you who my lap dancer was!"

The two ladies left, vowing to take ginger-top up on her parting offer:

"Next time maybe you girls would like to buy a ride? Only a hundred bucks!"