 INTRODUCTION & DISCLAIMER - In this second installment of this teen romance, Adam woos pretty albino Holly, while his Sapphic sister Andrea fantasizes about African-American Samantha, while taking advantage of being a girl to engage in voyeurism with her classmates and friends. 

There is plenty to like in this chapter for readers who love panties, feet, voyeurism, mixed-race erotica and girl-on-girl, not to mention a trip back in time to the 1980s.

All events and characters depicted are fictional, and similarity to real persons living or dead coincidental. Only characters aged 18 & over are involved in sexual activity.

*****

Andrea's eyelashes fluttered and her pretty blue eyes opened from sleep on the Sunday morning. Waking up, the teenager thought about Samantha. If she was annoyed by Samantha, things were back to normal. If she still found Samantha's irritating personality endearing, or was turned on by her, things were not back to normal. The answer to this was reached very quickly, when Samantha appeared in her imagination sitting in front of her, wearing normal clothes on her beautiful black body including a short pleated skirt, her legs open to show the teenager's white panty-covered crotch. Andrea's clitoris tingled. Things were definitely not back to normal.

During breakfast that morning, Andrea, wearing a blue sweater and tight jeans, sat with her parents and Adam, pondering if Adam was developing a crush on Holly, or if the strange way he had been acting around her yesterday was just something she had imagined.

"How is that economics assignment coming along?" Bill Smith queried his son, while reading the newspaper.

"Not great," Adam admitted. "I don't think I'll ever be any good at it." He paused and then smiled. "You know who's really good at economics? Holly O'Brien. She always gets straight A's. She wants to be an accountant."

"Maybe you should ask her for some study tips," Bill suggested, returning his attention to his newspaper.

Andrea smiled, her mother noticing straight away. "Is something amusing you, Andrea?" Cindy Smith asked.

"No Mom," said Andrea.

"You certainly seem to find something funny," said Cindy. "How are you going reading that book for English?"

Andrea was not really one for fiction, preferring to read non-fiction. This novel was about the most boring book Andrea had ever had in her hands. She had struggled to read barely a third of it. 

Andrea's mind thought back to yesterday and the rude girl in the heavy metal tee-shirt who had said that she was going to use the Jehovah's Witness publication as toilet paper. Andrea thought that would be the best use for the novel, placing all copies of it in the school in the girls' bathroom for them to use as toilet paper. She again laughed.

"What is with you this morning?" Cindy queried, regarding her daughter with a sharp expression.

Andrea would have loved to have said, "What's your problem with me being happy, Cindy?" but did not. Instead, she said, "Nothing."

"Well, I think that after you clear the breakfast table and do the washing up, you can study that novel, and your brother can work on his economics assignment," said Cindy firmly.

Adam and Andrea sighed, and got to work clearing up the breakfast dishes, both taking as long as possible to put off studying. "I think the dishes are clean enough," their mother warned them. The twins reluctantly went to their bedrooms to study.

Andrea took off her shoes and lay on her bed, her knees bent, swinging her bare feet back and forward attempting to read the novel without falling asleep. Adam's head swam at the economics assignment, his task not helped by an imaginary, miniature Holly who sat at various points of his desk, pretty as a picture in a variety of different outfits, most significantly barefoot in a white bra and white panties. 

Adam shook his head. How had he developed such a huge crush on Holly so quickly? He had known her his whole life, why suddenly now? It wasn't although he had met the pretty girl for the first time yesterday, and felt an immediate attraction. Again thinking of Holly, Adam wondered if she was feeling any better now, and unable to get this out of his mind, decided to give her a call.

Seeing her brother taking a break from his study, Andrea decided to do the same. Following Adam downstairs to the kitchen, her footsteps quiet due to being barefoot, Andrea paused as he picked up the telephone and dialed the number. Adam's face appeared nervous, his breathing heavy, as though he, like Holly, also had asthma. Andrea stayed back out of sight, listening in to the call.

"Oh hi, is that Holly?" Adam asked, his face showing relief when it was obviously Holly on the other end. "It's Adam, Adam Smith. I was just calling to see how you were."

Adam listened to Holly's reply. "It's great that you're feeling better now. I don't think we'd better call on that guy with that huge dog again, do you?" Adam laughed at her reply. They talked for a few minutes, before Adam said, "Well, I'll see you at school tomorrow. Bye Holly."

Andrea made her appearance just as Adam hung up the phone. "So, how is Holly?" she asked, a hint of teasing laughter in her voice, emphasizing the word 'Holly'.

"Why do you ask?" asked Adam, concerned that his sister might have picked up that he had developed a crush on Holly, something he wanted to keep to himself.

"Adam, you were talking on the phone to Holly, and I asked you how she was," said Andrea. "I don't know why you're getting so defensive."

"I'm not defensive," blurted Adam.

Andrea rolled her eyes and smiled, pouring herself a drink of juice, before going back upstairs to resume reading the boring novel. Adam likewise struggled with his economics assignment, and by mid-afternoon, it was still an absolute heap of crap.

Finishing studying for the afternoon, the twins came back downstairs to see their mother coming into the house, holding a blue bow in her hand. "I found this in the car," said Cindy Smith. "Is it yours, Andrea?"

"No Mom," said Andrea.

"It belongs to Holly," said Adam. "Yesterday she was wearing it when we arrived to collect them, but it must have fallen off in the car, because she wasn't wearing it when we were door-knocking. I'll give it back to her at school tomorrow."

"Thank you Adam," said Cindy, handing her son the hair bow and going on her way. Andrea looked at her brother and began giggling.

"What is it?" Adam asked his sister.

"Since when do you notice what Holly wears in her hair?" asked Andrea. "It sounds like you have a thing for Holly."

"No, I don't," said Adam, feeling panic that Andrea had already worked out how he felt.

"Yes, you do," said Andrea. "This whole weekend it's been 'Holly this', and 'Holly that' and 'Isn't Holly great?' You've got a crush on her as wide as the Grand Canyon."

"I don't have a crush on Holly," protested Adam. "I mean, I think she's very nice, and she's pretty, and I like her as a person, but that's all."

"If you said that in court under oath you'd be charged with perjury," said Andrea. "Of course you're going to deny that you like Holly, if you really do have a crush on her."

"Okay, I do have a crush on her," said Adam, hoping his sister would stop talking. Adam wanted to talk about Holly more than any other subject in the world, but without anybody finding out that he really liked her. "If I really did like her that way like you say, I wouldn't say that, would I?"

"Doesn't it feel great to tell the truth?" teased Andrea as she walked through into the kitchen, leaving Adam hoping that his sister would not gossip about it in school.

*

Adam put on a tee-shirt, jacket, jeans and sneakers for school on Monday morning, while Andrea wore a pink sweater, black bubble-skirt and white ankle socks and sneakers on her feet. Their father wore a suit for the office, and their mother a business skirt, blouse and a jacket with shoulder pads so wide that she looked like she played football as a line-backer for a women's team.

"Your skirt is kind of short, don't you think?" Cindy said to Andrea.

Andrea ignored the comment, used to her mother criticizing most things in her life, and not wanting to debate the issue on a Monday morning. Arriving at school, Andrea saw Adam's eyes roaming the corridor, and could easily guess what, or to be more specific whom, her brother was looking for.

Adam's face brightened when the petite figure of Holly appeared from around a corner, dressed in a white hooded jacket, purple jeans and white and purple sneakers. Samantha, dressed in a dark blue pleated skirt, blue sweater, with white socks and sneakers was alongside her. Seeing the two girls side by side really showed the disparity between them. When seen with their parents, who like their biological daughter Holly were short in stature, the adopted Samantha looked more and more like a bird in the wrong nest.

Andrea shook her head as Adam made a beeline for Holly. "Hi Holly, how are you?" he asked, ignoring Samantha completely.

Holly smiled. "Oh hi Adam, good thanks. And you?"

"Great," said Adam. He reached into his pocket and took out Holly's blue bow. "I think you left this in the car on Saturday."

"Oh, thanks Adam, I was wondering where that had gotten to," said Holly taking it from him, Adam feeling the teenager's soft, white skin as their fingers touched momentarily.

"Hi Adam," said Samantha, giving him a wave.

"Hi," said Adam dismissively, his attention fully fixed on Holly, who was walking to her locker. Adam joined her. "So, what is your first subject this morning?"

"Human biology," said Holly, reaching into the locker and taking out the huge textbook for the subject. "How about you?"

"Gym," said Adam. "I'll walk with you, let me carry that for you."

"Thanks," said Holly, handing him the textbook, Adam stealing a glance at Holly's pretty purple eyes through her thick glasses, and feeling like he was walking on a cloud as he walked next to Holly through the high school corridors. He would have loved to have held Holly's hand as they walked together, but this was obviously not possible. 

"Have you finished the economics assignment?" Adam asked conversationally.

"Yes, I finished last week," said Holly. "I love economics, but there would be a bit of a problem if I didn't, with me wanting to become an accountant. What about you?"

"I have to admit, it's not going so great and due tomorrow," said Adam. "I really don't like economics. I have to stop myself falling asleep most of the time."

"You should be good at economics with your name," said Holly. "Really, really good at economics."

Adam looked puzzled, and Holly laughed good-naturedly. "You didn't get that?" she asked.

Adam shook his head. "No."

Holly again laughed. "You really are bad at economics, aren't you? Adam Smith. Adam Smith's economic theories?"

"Oh, of course," said Adam, also laughing. 

"Why don't you come over to my house after school?" suggested Holly. "Like I said, I love economics, so if you'd like, I could go through the assignment with you?"

Adam was delighted at the thought and had to restrain himself from jumping up and down with joy. "Thanks Holly, as long as that's okay?"

"Of course it is," said Holly, taking the human biology book. "So, this is my class. I'll see you later, Adam."

"Catch you later, Holly," said Adam, watching as Holly turned and went into her classroom, Adam admiring the shape of Holly's bottom through her purple jeans. Then, with a spring in his step, Adam made for the gymnasium, adrenaline pumping through his body as he thought of Holly.

*

Andrea and Samantha walked along the corridor together, Andrea heading for history, and Samantha geography. "I can't wait for the conference in spring break," Samantha was saying. "It's less than two weeks now. And we've got the open day at Kingdom Hall next weekend. I'm so excited about that too, aren't you?"

Some other students looked at them as they walked by, and while image-conscious Andrea would normally have gotten as far away from Samantha as she could, this time she stayed with her to admire Samantha's big boobs pressing against her sweater, and her cute bottom accentuated by her pleated skirt. That Andrea was looking at her in this way was something Samantha was clueless to. However, it didn't mean Andrea wasn't embarrassed by what Samantha was talking about.

"Um, Samantha, why don't we talk about Jehovah's Witness things after school?" suggested Andrea.

Samantha looked puzzled. "Why? I'm really proud of the work I do to serve Jehovah, and you should be too, Andrea."

Some boys passed by, and sniggered. Andrea blushed, but didn't really expect a different reaction from Samantha. Looking cool, or restricting information to a need to know basis, did not seem to occur to Samantha at all. 

It was like the time Holly was away from school ill, not an uncommon occurrence, but the explanation 'Holly's sick today' should have sufficed. There was no need to tell everyone that the reason Holly was sick was that a new type of asthma medication she had tried had not agreed with her, causing Holly to have severe vomiting and diarrhea. 

"I'll see you later Andrea, this is my class," said Samantha, turning and walking upstairs.

"See you later," said Andrea, staying at the bottom of the stairs and casting quick glances upstairs at Samantha's long, shapely legs from the hem of her pleated skirt down to her white ankle socks and sneakers. As Samantha climbed higher, a new, wonderful sight came into Andrea's view; Samantha's panties, white with pink elastic that covered Samantha's crotch and bottom.

Andrea looked longingly up Samantha's skirt, getting damp inside her own panties as she imagined taking Samantha's panties down, stroking her pubic hair, and fingering and licking her vagina and anus, before turning and going to her own class.

*

Andrea's two best friends at school were Rebecca Levy and Gabriella Rodriguez, most usually called Gabby, and the three girls shared calculus class before lunch. Rebecca was a tall, slim pretty dark-haired Jewish girl, with a good figure like Andrea. Gabby was also slim and very pretty, with sultry Latina looks, and today both she and Rebecca wore bubble skirts and sweaters like Andrea.

When lunch commenced, Andrea, Rebecca and Gabriella paid a visit to the girls' room. They selected stalls next to each other, closed and locked the doors and each girl lifted her skirt, pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet, three pee streams audible as the girls urinated.

The girls talked as they continued to use the toilets, each of them unwinding toilet paper from time to time as they required it. "I really need to work on that novel, so I'm going to stop by the library after school," said Andrea. "Did you want to come as well?"

Gabby's voice was heard first. "Sorry, Andrea, I have to take my sister to the dentist. And I have to say, I'd rather do that than work on that book. It is so boring, even by Mr. Walsh's standards."

"Yeah, it nearly put me in a coma," agreed Andrea. "How about you, Rebecca?"

"Sorry, I have to help my mother with my younger brother's Bar Mitzvah preparations," said Rebecca. "Or to be more exact, I have to try and stop my mother going insane over David's Bar Mitzvah. She's turned crazy. When I had my Bat Mitzvah, and Hannah had her Bat Mitzvah, it was all very low key, and now she's planning this huge thing that nobody, especially David, wants. However, I'm with Gabby, I'd rather do that than have anything to do with the book."

"That's okay, I understand," said Andrea, who reflected on how much her parents disapproved of Rebecca and Gabriella, simply because they were respectively Jewish and Roman Catholic. She thought back to when they were younger, and how she was prohibited by her mother from attending Rebecca's Bat Mitzvah, even though they had been friends for years. During one particularly heated argument between mother and daughter a few years after that, Cindy had accused Andrea of 'deliberately choosing Jewish and Catholic friends just to be difficult'.

As had been the case with so many girls in her life recently, Andrea had also been observing Gabby and Rebecca differently, finding their feminine figures very inviting, although she had never once considered doing anything about it. This afternoon was going to be great as they had gym class after lunch, and this meant changing their clothes and showering afterwards. Andrea's clitoris tingled in anticipation, and she looked down at her white panties around her ankles.

She thought about Rebecca and Gabby's lowered panties, and was unable to resist taking a peak. Andrea leaned forward on the toilet and glanced to under the stall partition to her right where Gabby was on the toilet, Andrea's eyes taking in Gabby's lemon-colored panties around her ankles. Then Andrea glanced to her left, observing Rebecca's panties that were white like her own. The sensations between Andrea's legs got stronger and stronger. 

Andrea straightened herself up, and the sound of the three girls unwinding toilet paper a few times in succession to finish was audible. Andrea, Rebecca and Gabby pulled up their panties, smoothed down their skirts and flushed the toilets, each girl opening the door and vacating the stall she had occupied. 

They washed their hands, and made for the cafeteria, which as usual was crowded. Collecting their trays, Andrea, Rebecca and Gabby sat at a table. The girls were talking when Andrea noticed Samantha with her tray, looking around the cafeteria for a place to sit. Normally Samantha ate lunch with her sister, not something Holly seemed to enjoy, but today Holly was at a track team meeting during lunch so Samantha had nowhere to sit.

She looked hopefully at where Adam sat with his friends and there were two spare seats, but the guys quickly invited one of the group's younger brothers and his friend to sit with them, the two boys looking pleased that as freshmen they were sharing a table with seniors.

Samantha glanced at a large table occupied by jocks and cheerleaders. There was space there, but Chrissie and her blonde friend Courtney, red-haired Donna and raven-haired Misty, saw Samantha and spread themselves out to prevent anyone else sitting there.

Feeling sorry for Samantha, Andrea stood up and called out to her. "Samantha, there's a spare seat here if you'd like it."

"Oh, thank you so much, I'll be right over," called Samantha, making haste for the table.

Gabby and Rebecca exchanged a puzzled glance and an expression that read, 'What is she doing?' Like most other students at the school, they had no time for Samantha, and usually Andrea seemed to agree with this method of thinking. Holly was okay, a bit quiet, kind of mousy but nice enough, but what made Samantha so irritating was that she always meant to do the right thing, but was incapable of doing so. Now their friend was actively inviting her to join them for lunch.

"Hi Gabby, hi Rebecca," Samantha gushed, taking her place at the table.

"Hi Samantha," said Rebecca flatly.

"Yeah hi," said Gabby.

Rebecca and Gabby could not believe what Andrea had subjected them to in the lunch break, Samantha as usual talking non-stop about things she should probably keep to herself. They looked at Andrea, who seemed oblivious to this, unable to comprehend this sudden turn of events. Normally Andrea bitched non-stop when subjected to Samantha for any length of time, and now this?

The two girls were relieved when lunch finished and they made their way to gym.

"What was all that about?" Rebecca asked Andrea.

"Sorry?" asked Andrea.

"You inviting Samantha to have lunch with us," said Rebecca. "Have you gone insane?"

"Yeah, don't ever do that again, ever," said Gabby.
