 INTRODUCTION & DISCLAIMER: Have you ever been door-knocked by a hot Jehovah's Witness? Would you like to travel back in time to the 1980s? Do you like to read girl-on-girl stories involving characters from different racial backgrounds? Would you be interested in reading erotica involving a pretty albino girl and a great-looking guy?

If you answered yes to any of the above, you will love your trip back to 1987 in this story series, where we meet good-looking 18-year-old Jehovah's Witness twins Adam and Andrea, who begin to look at two girls they door-knock with, albino Holly and African-American Samantha, in a very different way.

All characters involved in sexual activity are 18-years-old or older, and all characters and events are fictional, with similarity to real people coincidental and unintentional.

***



TO a casual observer, 18-year-old fraternal twins Adam and Andrea Smith looked like they would be in the popular crowd at the Portland, Oregon high school they attended as seniors as part of the class of 1987.

Adam was a tall, fit and incredibly good looking young man, with light brown hair, blue eyes and a physique to die for. Andrea was a tall girl with stunning looks including big blue eyes and a great figure, her C-cup breasts and long legs especially eye-catching. Andrea's beautiful long blonde hair, styled in a loose perm, cascaded down past her shoulders and would catch the sunlight, making Andrea as pretty as a young woman could be.

Both had a natural affinity for sports, and it could be assumed that Adam would be on at least one of the school sports teams and Andrea probably a cheerleader, and that both would have no problem finding a date for the prom at the end of the school year. However, Adam and Andrea were not in any sporting teams at their school. Andrea was not a cheerleader. They were not in the popular crowd, and neither had a date for prom, not because it was several months away, but because they were not attending.

This was not due to some punishment applied by their parents or the school, as Andrea and Adam had not attended homecoming in the fall either, much as both had wanted to. Their eighteenth birthday came and went without acknowledgement as had all of their previous birthdays, and the twins had never celebrated Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving or had fun at Halloween. They stood in silence when their classmates said the pledge of allegiance, and throughout school, had had to undertake other activities when the other kids worked on holiday related projects.

Andrea and Adam were Jehovah's Witnesses, and their parents refused permission for their twin daughter and son to undertake any such activities. As children, Adam and Andrea were compliant and cooperative, not knowing any better, but throughout adolescence, they had become increasingly disillusioned with things connected with their religion, one of the most significant of which was that they were prohibited from doing things that other teenagers took for granted.

However, as much as the brother and sister felt jealous and resentful at missing out on things, there was something they disliked even more, and that was door-knocking. Their parents had gone door-knocking with other members of the Kingdom Hall the previous Saturday morning, but Adam and Andrea had a legitimate reason for not going that day, with both of them sick with flu and confined to bed. Andrea had suffered double bad luck; flu and her period at the same time. When their parents returned, they had made an off-handed remark that Adam and Andrea could go door-knocking next weekend to make up for it, but in a feverish state, the siblings were not sure if their parents were joking or not. As they recovered during the week neither parent mentioned it again, so back to full health for the next weekend, Adam and Andrea assumed it had just been a joke.

When Saturday morning dawned with blue sunny spring skies over Portland, Adam stood naked under the shower, warm water pouring down his fit, naturally toned body. The young man's mind drifted back to yesterday morning when he and Andrea had arrived for school. Passing by the girls' bathroom, the sound of a toilet flushing and taps running was heard, before one of the popular, hot cheerleaders, a tall 18-year-old girl named Chrissie emerged from the ladies' room, wearing her red and blue cheerleading sweater, a red pleated skirt and white sneakers and white ankle sox. Adam had always thought Chrissie was hot, but she was the girlfriend of the captain of the football team. As she walked up the hallway to her locker, Adam's eyes bulged. Chrissie had gotten her skirt caught in her white panties after she had pulled them up after finishing on the toilet, and was walking through school with her skirt caught at the back, showing her panties off to everyone. It was only when her friends from the cheerleading squad noticed that the embarrassed girl realized, and with her face blushing scarlet, hastily pulled her skirt down to conceal her panties from view.

The memories of this lingered as Adam washed his penis, the young man's cock growing rock hard in seconds at the memory of the cheerleader's panties. Adam took his hard penis in his left hand, and began to jack off, moving his hand back and forth in hard strokes. With the mental image of Chrissie's panties burned into his mind's eye, orgasm was reached in just two minutes, Adam's cock exploding a tidal wave of white semen, the teenager breathing heavily at the intense ejaculation and the resulting ecstasy. Under the shower, Adam washed the jizz away, before turning off the taps, stepping out of the shower and drying off with a towel. Pulling up a pair of blue underpants to cover his more than adequate manhood, even when not erect, Adam put on a white-tee shirt, stone-washed blue jeans and a matching jacket, followed by socks and white running shoes, before checking his hair in the mirror.

Exiting the bathroom, Adam found his twin waiting outside, Andrea barefoot and wearing an over-sized white tee-shirt, her long blonde hair loose and not styled yet. She held in her hands the clothes she intended wearing today. Her long legs were locked at the knees, signifying that she needed to answer the call of nature, sooner rather than later.

"You complain about how long I take, you should time yourself," complained the peeved Andrea.

"Isn't it a wonderful morning, Sis?" asked Adam, grinning. He knew Andrea was not a morning person, and he received a glare from his sister in response.

"Yeah, now that I can finally get in the bathroom, things might improve," said Andrea. She stepped inside, and closed and locked the door behind her. Andrea placed her clothes onto the bench next to the shower, and sighed as she saw that her brother, as usual, had left the toilet seat up. Walking over to the toilet, Andrea put down the seat and checked that she had enough toilet paper, then lifted her tee-shirt to show the white cotton bikini-style panties she was wearing. Taking hold of her panties by the elastic waistband, Andrea pulled them down to her ankles revealing a pubic mound covered in curls of blonde hair and at the back the firm cheeks of her bare bottom, and sat down on the toilet, her knees slightly open showing her oval shaped vagina, her bare feet poking out from under her panties. 

Andrea positioned herself so that she was comfortable on the toilet and began to pee, the trickling, splashing sounds of her urine stream as it went into the bowl audible from the bathroom. Her bladder empty, Andrea unwound some toilet paper and wiped her wet pussy. She continued to sit on the toilet to empty her bowels for the next five minutes, the teenager looking down at her bare feet and panties, noticing some cream-colored feminine stains on the saddle of her panties where they had rested against her vagina all night. Andrea unwound and used toilet paper as she needed it, and when finished on the toilet, the girl stood up and pulled up her panties, adjusting them around her pussy and her bottom, smoothing down her tee-shirt. Andrea put down the lid and flushed the toilet, the sound of the cistern refilling audible as the teenager turned on her bare feet, walked over to the sink, and thoroughly washed her hands to complete her visit to the toilet.

Walking over to the bathmat, Andrea reached under the shower and turned on the taps, then removed her over-size tee-shirt, pulling the garment over her head to show Andrea's firm, young C-cup breasts with pink nipples and areolae, and her sensational figure, barefoot and wearing only white panties.

Andrea's underpants didn't stay on long, the teenager pulling them down and stepping out of them, reaching down to pick them up. Bent over, her legs slightly parted, Andrea's vagina and further back her tight anal opening were visible in the bathroom mirror.

Her panties in her fingers, Andrea stood up and went to put them down, but paused, feeling a tingling from her clitoris, her vagina getting damp. Raising her panties to her nose, Andrea inhaled her own feminine smell, the musty aroma entering her nostrils, the girl feeling excitement, evidenced by her snatch getting wetter and wetter and her tingling nipples. The pleasure, however, was mixed with guilt and confusion, the pretty blonde putting down her panties, turning on the shower and jumping under the water.

Pulling the door closed, Andrea stood under the water, warm droplets cascading down her naked body, dripping off her breasts, soaking her pubic hair, running down the cheeks of her bare bottom and between her cheeks. Andrea began to soap up her nude body, her pubic hair matted with white soap and bubbles, the soap dripping down to the shower floor and her bare feet.

Opening her legs to wash her vagina, Andrea was aware that her tingling sensations lingered down there, and only one solution seemed obvious. Inserting two fingers into her box, rubbing her vulva and clitoris, warm pussy juice on her digits, a look of delight crossed Andrea's face as she masturbated.

When Adam had masturbated in the shower, the object of his fantasies had been cheerleader Chrissie the previous day at school, her skirt caught in her panties after a visit to the toilet. It might be assumed that Andrea's fantasies were of a handsome guy; however, if anyone had been able to see into Andrea's mind as she jilled off, they would have seen cheerleader Chrissie, her panties caught up in her skirt.

For some time, Andrea had been struggling with feelings inside her that she did not dare speak aloud. For the most part, Andrea loved guys. She liked good looking guys in movies, on television, in magazines, in sport, at school and around town. She fantasized about them taking her bra off and pulling her panties down, fondling her tits, her pubic mound and her bare bottom, their fingers, tongues and dicks exploring her pussy. Andrea thought about sliding her mouth over their erect penises, giving head until they came in her mouth, or over her face. She also fantasized about jerking them off, and her vagina would get wetter and wetter at these thoughts. 

On one occasion, they had come true, Andrea fucking with a handsome young guy named Darren who worked at the same company as her father just after she had turned 18. She often thought about the wonderful sensations of that steamy encounter; Andrea sitting on his face sucking his cock, first with her panties on, then with them off, her naked snatch over his mouth so he could lick her down there. Then, her legs wide open, Darren had inserted his penis deep inside her then-virginal vagina, the teenager gasping as she got used to having her snatch stuffed, and following a hard fuck that lasted 15 minutes, they had cum together, Andrea feeling like her vagina and rectum were on fire from the sheer pleasure of orgasm, her pussy and pubes soaking; the condom filling with Darren's semen.

There was very little hope of sex for Andrea with any of the young guys at Kingdom Hall, who tended to be sticklers to the rules, or already were dating other Jehovah's Witness girls. However, much as Andrea liked guys, she always got hotter, wetter and came far harder when she fantasized about other girls. Obviously being a girl herself, Andrea had plenty of opportunities to check out other girls in gym class. In the girls change-rooms, Andrea had plenty of opportunities to see her classmates getting undressed, in their bras and panties, barefoot, naked and under the showers; pretty 18-year-old girls' breasts, pubic hair, bare bottoms and vaginas all around her; brunettes, blondes and redheads. On most occasions, if the naked Andrea had to sit on a piece of newspaper in the change rooms after gym class, when she stood up it would have been sticking to her vagina, so wet and sticky did she get between her legs.

Andrea often fantasized about picking up her classmates' panties, sniffing the feminine smells on the saddles, but she had never actually done so, not wanting to risk getting caught. As Andrea's genetic make-up obviously included two X-chromosomes, this caused her to have ovaries, fallopian tubes, a uterus, cervix and most importantly a vagina, she therefore had access to panties that smelled of pussy whenever she liked; her own. Sometimes, Andrea would lock her bedroom door, take a pair of her dirty panties from her hamper and lie on her bed, sniffing them and fantasizing that they belonged to other girls.

Suppressing a moan as her fingers lingered on her clitoris and water soaked her perfect figure, Andrea decided to double her pleasure. Moving her left hand to her bare bottom, Andrea slipped her index finger between her buttocks, soon finding the tight, delicate opening to her anus. Rubbing the sensitive area first, Andrea circled her anus gently with her finger then slowly pushed it inside, the girl feeling the hot walls of her rectum close around it. Having a finger up her ass always doubled her pleasure and this morning was no exception, the teenager's toes flexing on the shower floor at the waves of delight sweeping her body. Andrea would love for another girl to lick, touch and insert her finger into her anus, and she would like to do these things to another girl, which was another thing that varied from the way she felt about men. With her anal area the most personal of her body, Andrea was not open to the thought of guys touching or licking her there. The cheeks of her bottom, yes. Her anus itself, no way.

The tingling sensations from Andrea's pussy reached one intense wave of pleasure that swept through her vagina and into her anus and rectum, the girl suppressing a scream by gritting her teeth. Her wet, nubile body trembled, the muscles of her rectum tightened around her inserted finger, her toes clenched on the shower tiles and a wash of warm, sticky pussy juice drenched her snatch and flowed down her fingers. 

Breathing heavily, Andrea withdrew her fingers from her vagina and anus and washed them, not wanting them to smell of pussy. Always aware of the need for good vaginal hygiene, Andrea took a pink washcloth, and used it to thoroughly wash her vagina with plenty of soap, then used the washcloth to wash between the cheeks of her bare bottom, and especially her anus. Rinsing off the soap between her legs, the teenager turned off the shower and stepped out onto the bath mat, grabbing a towel to dry her nubile, naked body.

As she dried her pubic hair and vagina, Andrea contemplated the different way she saw guys and girls sexually. In a way it was like ice-cream. Andrea liked vanilla ice-cream, but strawberry was her favorite flavor. Guys were like vanilla ice-cream, girls like strawberry.

When dry, Andrea rolled deodorant under her arms, splashed some perfume on her face, then took fresh white cotton panties, stepped her bare feet into them and pulled them up, adjusting them so they were comfortable around her crotch and her bottom. Andrea encased her firm breasts in a white bra, clasping it at the back. Next she put on her turquoise tee-shirt, then her stone-washed denim skirt and matching denim jacket, before putting a turquoise ribbon in her hair. Putting on white sneakers and white ankle socks, Andrea was dressed for the day. She gave her teeth a quick brush, and exited the bathroom, returning to her room to put away her over-sized tee-shirt, and place the panties she had been wearing overnight into her hamper, along with her other dirty clothes, bras and panties.

Andrea got a bowl of cereal and went into the living room, where Adam was watching a music video show on the television.

"Mom and Dad don't like that show," teased Andrea, sitting down next to her brother on the couch. "I'm telling when they get back."

"Tattletale," grinned Adam, giving Andrea a push on her arm. "What do you want to watch? That awful kids' religious show on the other channel?"

Andrea laughed. "No, this is fine. What Mom and Dad don't know can't hurt them."

"No, but what they do can, and their kids seem to forget that Jehovah always knows what they are doing," said a female voice behind them.

Andrea and Adam turned around at the same moment to see their parents, Cindy and Bill Smith standing in the doorway behind them. Cindy was a slim, sharp-faced blonde, aged in her mid-40s, and Bill a balding man of the same age with a beard. Both were wearing track-suits, Mrs. Smith's tracksuit bright pink and Mr. Smith's bright blue. The twins cursed under their breaths. Their parents had returned from their morning walk early. Adam turned off the television set.

"Why are you dressed like that?" asked Cindy asked her son and daughter.

"Um, it's Saturday, and we don't have work this morning," said Andrea. She and Adam always felt resentful that because the majority of the family's religious activities took place on a Saturday, they were prohibited from taking part time jobs that would involve working on Saturday. They were allowed to have summer and vacation jobs at places owned by other Jehovah's Witnesses, but not at the mall or anywhere else that would earn them money, allow them to mix with other teenagers or have fun.

"Don't tell me you've both forgotten?" asked Bill. "Last Saturday we permitted you to stay home and not accompany us during our door-knocking, so this week you need to make up for it."

The twins looked at each other, and at their parents with incredulous expressions. The way their father spoke, it was as though they had been allowed to do fun activities that previous weekend, not so sick with flu that they could barely get out of bed, with Andrea doubled over with menstrual cramps.

"The O'Brien girls were sick last weekend too, so you will pick them up on your way," said Cindy.

Adam and Andrea sighed, and their parents regarded them sternly. Cindy thought how much things had changed since her son and daughter were children, and would happily dress up in their best clothes and accompany them and other members of the Kingdom Hall knocking on doors.

"Put on your clothes, and get ready," Bill commanded.

"I need to study calculus," said Andrea, which was true.

"I need to work on my economics assignment," said Adam, which was also true.

"You can do those tomorrow," said Cindy. "Jehovah's work is more important, especially as the conference in Seattle is just two weeks away. Now go."

Sighing again, Adam and Andrea got up, washed their breakfast dishes and went to their respective bedrooms to get changed. Adam put on his dark blue suit, white shirt, blue tie and black leather shoes, while Andrea dressed in a smart light blue jacket and matching knee-length skirt, with a white blouse and white shoes.

Adam laughed when his sister emerged from her bedroom, her clothes making her look somewhat like a flight attendant. "The nearest exits are located here and here," he said, impersonating the demonstration flight attendants give to passengers. "Put your lifejacket over your head, pulling the straps down ..." Adam copied the routine.
