 After months of flirting with Scott at the dance club each Friday night, Jen finally decided to take it to the next level and was she ever glad she did. Scott fucked her like no one ever had and for the first time in her life she fully understood the meaning of good dick.

After a weekend of non-stop sucking and fucking, Jen had to force herself to put Scott out of her apartment before her ex-husband, Ken, brought her son KJ home from the weekend. Even though it was none of his business, the last thing she needed was to ruin her incredible weekend with a macho confrontation between Ken and Scott. Plus, she was not yet ready to introduce her son to Scott.

When Ken called to ask if he could keep KJ for another night and take him to daycare in the morning, Jen was upset that he had waited so late to call. She thought to herself, "that no good fuck would call after I made Scott leave." She started to call Scott to come back over to resume their weekend of intense fucking, but truth be told, Jen was sore and completely exhausted. After going without sex for so long, her pussy could use the rest and before she knew it, she was curled up in bed and sound asleep.

Jen woke up early Monday morning with a smile on her face. She was well rested from a good night's sleep and she had vivid memories of her weekend with Scott running through her mind. Plus, she couldn't wait to tell her best friend, Alex, and her assistant manager, Mary, about her amazing weekend. No longer did her sex life have to live vicariously through Mary's wild sexual escapades or Alex's claims of giving good dick to his wife, Katrina. For the first time, she was the one who actually had a steamy sexual adventure to tell.

With Ken taking KJ to daycare, Jen was able to get to work super early to take care of the usual problems that arose in the office over the weekend. So, as soon as Mary got to work, Jen called her into her office and closed the door.

"What's got you in such a peppy and cheerful mood on Monday morning?" Mary asked. "The only time I'm in that good a mood is after I get some good ... OH MY GOD! Don't tell me you finally did it with Scott."

"We did more than do it. We did it over and over. We fucked so many times I lost count."

"Damn! I can see from your excitement that it must have been good. Well don't leave me hanging. Tell me every detail."

"Girl, get your hormones under control. Let me call Alex and I'll tell you guys all about it."

"Hey Alex, it's me. Do you have time to talk?"

"You know I always have time for you Jen. Especially since you didn't return my call on Saturday. How'd everything go with Scott Friday night?"

"That's why I'm calling. I wanted to tell you about my weekend. Mary's here too so let me put you on speaker."

Mary interjected, "Alex you may want to close your office door. Based on the way she's acting, this has potential to be good."

For the next hour, Jen proceeded to tell Alex and Mary every erotic detail about her incredible weekend with Scott. From the rhythmic lovemaking she experienced on Friday night to how he repeatedly fucked the shit out of her in every position imaginable, in every room of her apartment, throughout the entire weekend. As she was telling the story, Jen noticed Mary's constant fidgeting in her chair. She couldn't help but hope that her story was having the same effect on Mary as Mary's adventures always had on her. When she was done telling her story, she got her answer.

Mary abruptly got out of her chair and said, "I need the keys to the executive apartment."

"Why do you need the keys to the executive apartment?" Jen asked with a knowing smile on her face.

"Don't be a smart ass. You know damn well why I want the keys. Unlike you, I don't have my own office or apartment on site. I've got to go somewhere to take care of my needs."

"Don't be too long and straighten up when you're finished," Jen stated as she threw Mary the keys, "we may need to show that apartment to a potential client."

"Damn, you did a number on Mary," said Alex, "your story turned her on so much, she needs to go fuck herself."

"Yeah, but it doesn't take much to turn Mary on. That's the horniest woman I've ever known. She was probably turned on before I even started talking."

"Don't sell yourself short Jen. That was one hot as story. I didn't think Scott had it in him, but it sounds like he definitely showed you what good dick is all about. And based on what you just told us, he showed you time and time again."

"Alex, I've never experienced anything like it before in my life. I actually lost count of the number of times he made me cum. I mean he literally fucked my brains out."

"I'm happy for you Jen, but now comes the hard part where you have to be careful."

"What the hell are you talking about Alex? Be careful about what?"

"Good dick! Now that you've had it, you'll want it again and again."

"What's wrong with that?"

"Nothing, as long as you can control it. I'm telling you, Jen, good dick is like a drug. You'll find yourself thinking about it all the time and even when you think you're not. Your nipples will be hard or your pussy wet for no apparent reason. That's because even subconsciously you'll be craving good dick and before you know it, you're an addict."

"You are so full of shit."

"If you don't believe me, ask Katrina. She still can't get enough good dick from me ... and we've been married for almost five years."

"Alex, you're a cocky little bastard, you know that. But if you've been fucking Katrina the way Scott fucked me, I don't blame her."

"Look Jen, just take it slow. You remember how quickly you fell in love with Ken's good looks and 9-inch dick, only to find out he was a selfish no good fuck. Well, Scott seems like a pretty good guy, but just because he fucked your brains out, don't go falling in love with him. Trust me, he's not the only guy out there that knows how to fuck and if Katrina ever gave me the green light, I'd show you myself."

"You're a trip Alex, but that's why I love you so much. You're always looking out for me."

"That's what I'm here for Jen. But I got to go now. You got my dick so hard, I need to call Katrina so I can meet her for lunch and give her another dose of some good dick."

"Sounds more like you're looking for a dose of good pussy."

"No doubt about that. Let me tell you, good pussy is ten times more addictive than good dick and you know me, I'm going to be a happy-ass addict until the day I die. Now let me go so I can go get some. I'll talk to you later."

Over the next few days, Jen thought a lot about what Alex had said. She had been in a constant state of arousal since the weekend. She masturbated in her office as soon as she got off the phone on Monday and she had also done it every night this week. She could still bring herself to orgasm by masturbating, but her fingers seemed to have lost their magical touch. No longer was she fully satisfied just by manipulating her clit and fingering her pussy. Now that she had experienced what good dick feels like, she wanted more. In fact, she needed more. She hated to admit it, but maybe Alex was right; she was craving for good dick.

Unfortunately, she wouldn't see Scott again until Friday night when they resumed their weekly night out dancing. When he called earlier in the week inviting her over to his house for dinner and to meet his friends before going out dancing, Jen was ecstatic. Since Alex and Katrina would be babysitting KJ at her apartment, she had planned on bringing Scott back to the executive apartment, but this works out even better. She would go to Scott's house, meet his friends, send them on their merry way, skip dancing, stay at Scott's house and fuck the night away.

Throughout the day on Friday Jen's body was on fire. The anticipation of the night had her nipples hard, skin tingling and pussy wet all day. She masturbated twice in her office to take the edge off, but that only provided temporary relief. She was convinced that nothing would satisfy her until she received another dose of good dick.

When she arrived at Scott's house, she was disappointed to see that a few of his friends were already there. She had deliberately arrived early with the intention of getting a quickie in before his friends arrived. So much for that idea.

Scott opened the door to let her in and was absolutely stunned at how good she looked. He had seen her every Friday night for the past several months and had seen her transformation from a relatively conservative good-looking mother type to a hot sexy woman; but he had never seen her look so good. Her skirt came down just below her thighs and accentuated her shapely legs and incredibly round ass. Her shirt was just tight enough to help squeeze her D cup tits to display the perfect amount of cleavage. Looking far younger than her 30 years, her facial features were more cute than drop dead gorgeous, but she had the prettiest brown eyes and the sexiest smile you could ever possibly have.

All Scott could say was "WOW." They kissed hello and although it was a rather quick peck on the lips, it still sent shivers down Jen's spine. Not since she first laid eyes on her ex-husband's 9-inch monster dick had she so looked forward to having sex. Only this time, she knew from experience that she would not be disappointed. She had made it this far, now all she had to do was get through dinner, and then Scott would be hers for the taking.

Scott's friends seemed nice enough, but other than Mike, the guy Mary took home to fuck the first night the girls went out dancing, Jen couldn't remember anyone's name. She was too busy thinking about what was to come later in the night and really couldn't focus on getting to know his friends. As they were about to sit down to eat, Jen excused herself to the bathroom to freshen up.

As she was about to rejoin the dinner party, Scott walked into the bathroom and closed the door. "What are you doing in here?" Jen said slightly startled but pleasantly surprised.

"I've noticed that you've been unusually quiet and seemingly preoccupied since you got here. And I think I may know why."

"Oh, you think so."

"Based on the way you've been looking at me and judging from your nipples trying to poke through your top, I think it may have something to do with this." Scott said as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his semi-hard dick."

Not giving her a chance to respond, Scott walked over and gave Jen an ever so tender kiss that again sent shivers down her body. She readily retuned to kiss and reached down to begin stroking his hardening dick. As their kissing intensified, Scott moved his hands under the back of her skirt. Happy that she was wearing a thong, he masterfully squeezed and caressed her magnificent ass as they continued to kiss. He lifted her up on top of the counter and moved his hands from her ass cheeks to the front of her panties. When he felt how wet her panties were, he knew she was more than ready to be fucked. He slid her panties to the side and when his fingers came in contact with her burning pussy, Jen let out an uncontrollable moan that was much louder than she had hoped. But at this point, she didn't care who heard them. All she wanted was for Scott to fuck her right then and there.

Once he got her panties to the side, Scott slowly slid his now rock hard dick inside her hot pussy. After a few slow movements in and out, he increased the pace causing her to moan with each thrust. Jen resumed their kissing hoping to help muffle her moans as Scott masterfully fucked her. Just as she felt the beginning of what she hoped would be the first of many orgasms she would have this night, Scott did something totally unexpected. He stopped kissing her, pulled his hard dick out of her throbbing pussy, and began buckling his pants.

Dumbfounded and shell-shocked, Jen was momentarily speechless as Scott began washing his hands for dinner. Finally able to speak, Jen stuttered, "What ...what are you doing?"

"It's time to go eat." Scott said nonchalantly with a smile on his face.

"No ... It's time you come back over here and finish fucking this pussy."

"Don't worry, I'll take care of that later. Come on, let's go." Scott said as he opened the door and walked out of the bathroom.

Not believing what had just happened. Jen managed to straighten her panties, fix her skirt, and collect herself as best she could before leaving the restroom. When she entered the dining room, everyone was sitting at the table waiting for her. Suddenly she felt a bit self-conscious and wondered how much they had heard.

Throughout dinner everyone was laughing and carrying on, but Jen kept think about what happened in the bathroom. "How could he have stopped like that." The more she thought about it the more she wanted him and the hornier she became. The fact that Scott kept smiling and winking at her was not helping. What kind of game is he trying to play and why is he teasing me like this. The anxiety was definitely having an effect on her body. Her pussy was so wet they had literally soaked her panties and her nipples were aching to be released. She didn't know how much more she could take being in such an aroused condition.

After dinner, Scott excused himself to go upstairs to finish getting ready before going out. Seeing an opportunity to get back at him, Jen snuck away to join him upstairs. She entered his bedroom and closed the door. Without saying a word, she raised her skirt and seductively lowered and stepped out of her panties. In her sexiest walk she strolled over to Scott and tenderly kissed his lips as she caressed the growing bulge in his pants. She knelt down, unbuckled and unzipped his pants, all the while looking up at him with her sexy eyes. She pulled out his hard dick and began licking the length of its shaft, getting it nice and wet with her saliva. She began stroking him ever so gently as she placed the head between her parted lips. Slowly she slid more and more in her mouth until she had fully engulfed his entire 6-inches.

Having sucked her ex-husband's monster dick for years, she had no problem deep-throating Scott. 

As she slowly pulled his dick out, her lips remained firmly on his shaft and she began swirling her tongue around his head. She repeated the process and increased the pace by bobbing her head up and down. Scott closed his eyes, tilted his head back and began to moan. Jen was giving him the blowjob of his life and he knew that he had lost control and would not be able to keep from cumming much longer.

Hearing his moans and feeling him gyrate his hips as he fucked her mouth, Jen was actually starting to smile as she continued sucking his dick. She thought to herself, you suck a man's dick and he becomes putty in your hands. She knew that she had totally turned the tables on him and was now in control. Knowing there was no way he could resist her now, she did what Scott did earlier and just stopped. She got up, walked over to the edge of the bed, turned her back to him, pulled up her skirt, spread her legs and bent over to expose her incredible ass and wanton pussy, and seductively said, "now get over here and finish fucking this hot pussy."

Unable to resist, Scott immediately walked up behind her, stuck his throbbing dick in her soaking wet pussy, and starting fucking her just like she had intended. "That's it baby, fuck that pussy! Fuck that pussy! Oh yeah, make that pussy cum." Jen was in heaven and on the verge of an earth-shattering orgasm when Scott did the unthinkable. He stopped again.

"Nooooooo!" Jen exclaimed. "How could you possibly stop?"

"We can finish later. I'm sure everyone is waiting for us. It's time to get to the club." Scott said as he fixed his pants.

"I don't want to go. Let's just stay here and keep fucking. Please Scott. I need that dick." Jen pleaded as she realized she'd lost control again.

"Don't worry, I plan on giving you some more a little later. But now let's go dancing." Scott said as he walked towards the door. "I think I'll take these with me," he said as he picked up her panties, gave her a wink and walked out of the bedroom.

On the drive to the club, Jen sat in the car in complete silence. She could not believe that she had been on the brink of cumming two separate times only to have it snatched away from her at the last minute. Part of her was pissed with Scott for putting her through this, but she was mostly in awe of him. Not in her wildest dreams could she ever imagine anyone having such self- control. Here she was, like a bitch in heat begging to be fucked, and he's over there with a wide-ass grin on his face seemingly cool as a cucumber. No matter how hard she tried to stay pissed at him, all she could think about was how good his dick felt inside her.

Once inside the club, they immediately hit the dance floor. If possible, Jen and Scott had even more chemistry on the dance floor than they did in the bedroom. After months of being dance partners they were able to move together like poetry in motion. Jen had hoped that a few dances would help relieve some of the tension that had built up throughout her body, but it actually made things worse. The dance floor was crowded and Scott's hands and other body parts were constantly rubbing up against her. Every time he touched her simply added fuel to the fire. And on fire she was. When he put his arm around her waist, pulled her closer against his body, and ever so smoothly worked his thigh between her legs; she knew she couldn't take much more. Their bodies were moving as one and desperately seeking relief any way she could, she tried to grind her pussy against his thigh. When the song ended and Scott pulled away, Jen had had enough. She came up behind him, grabbed him by the arm and pulled him towards the exit. 

"Where are we going," Scott said as she dragged him out towards the car. 

"Just shut the hell up and come with me."

"I want you to fuck me right here! Right Now! And if you don't, I swear I will go back in there and find someone who will."

Knowing from the look in her eyes that she meant it. It was not exactly what he had planned, but Scott knew it was time to stop playing games and go in for the kill.

He walked up to her and they began kissing with fervor. Their hands were all over each other as he lifted her ass up onto the hood of the car. Oblivious to their surroundings and not giving a shit if anyone was around, Scott pull out his dick and rammed it in Jen's eager pussy. In her heightened state of arousal, she knew it wouldn't take long for her to cum and sure enough after only a few thrusts, her body exploded into an orgasm.

Scott felt the contractions in Jen's pussy as her entire body convulsed from her orgasm and he damn near came himself; but he was determined to give her the fucking she so craved. He grabbed her by the ankles, spread her legs in an upward V, and increased the pace of his fucking.

Jen could not believe the stamina and will power of this man, who continued to fuck her for what seemed like an eternity. Recovered from her first orgasm, Jen was again moaning uncontrollably and felt herself on the verge of another powerful orgasm. As she wrapped her legs around his waist, she started cumming for the second time. Scott tried to keep up the fucking, but her pussy was squeezing his dick and it was more than he could handle. Voicing inaudible grunts and groans, he joined her in orgasmic bliss and dumped a heavy load of cum deep inside her.

Suddenly aware that they were completely out in the open for anyone to see, they quickly climbed in the back seat of the car to catch their breath and regain some form of composure. Not completely satisfied, Jen was ready to go at it again and whispered in his ear, "sit back and relax, Loverboy, it's my turn to do the work." She lowered her head to his crotch and began sucking his dick back to life.
