 It was a Saturday morning and I was at work. I just stood there thinking about what happened the previous day. 

I cheated on my wife of twenty years with a girl I don't even know, not even her name. And I did it at work, in the men's room. 

"I fucked the cleaning girl," I said under my breath. 

I said it again to myself, "I really fucked the cleaning girl." 

I thought, "Damn! Where did that come from?" And the bad thing, or good thing, whichever it may be, is that I am still horny as hell this morning. 

I haven't seen the cleaning girl today. She must be off since there are not many people working on Saturday. Just thinking of her makes my dick stir in my pants. Damn that was hot. 

I had been day dreaming all morning about the past days events when my thoughts were interupted suddenly by Chris' voice. 

"Damn, these new saftey shoes suck," Chris said with an aggravated voice. "We need to say something about them."

It took me a minute to snap out of my daze, but I finally responded. 

"Why don't you tell Jen," I said. "Here she comes now."

"Why is she here on Saturday?" Chris asked.

"I don't know. She must be behind on paperwork, or something," I replied. 

Jen was in charge of safety at the plant. She was walking our way and moving briskly. Chris turned around like he was going to say something to her, but then just watched as she walked on by. 

"Could that skirt get any shorter?" Chris asked, as Jen walked by. 

I just laughed and kept working, acting like I didn't notice the short skirt the petite Saftey Manager had on as she walked by. 

We both looked as she made her way around the corner of the assembly line. She was really looking good today. Her ass was really making that short skirt look good. It wasn't a tight skirt, but it really made her ass look good as she walked. 

"I mean, damn," Chris continued, "How are we supposed to work safely with a distraction like that walking around?"

I just laughed again and went about my work.

My name is Joe, and Chris and I have spent the last six months working together at an auto assembly plant. Chris spends a lot of time looking at the ladies that work in the office. I check them out, too, but I never say anything. 

There are a lot of damn fine women in the office, and occasionally they will make their way out into the plant. When they do, all the men go crazy, and try to get a good look as they walk by.

I am no different. I love to check out a nice piece of ass, and I would love to see what Jen is hiding under that skirt. She is fine as hell. 

Jen is a petite woman, slim, with a very nice ass. She is about 5' 4" tall, 35 years old, and from what I can tell, has very nice banana shaped tits. Her skin was milky white, and she wore glasses. She had that librarian look, but very sexy. 

This particular day she was wearing a white blouse, short khaki skirt, and heels. She always dressed very nice, but today her skirt was shorter than usual. 

Jen and my wife are very good friends, both dealing with safety in their work. My wife's business supplies parts for our plant, so she and Jen talk and email daily, and have lunch together from time to time. She is always very friendly to me in passing, but that's about it, we rarely talk.

Since it was Saturday, I thought it would be a good time to say something about the safety shoes. Chris was right, they did suck, so on my way to lunch I planned to drop by her office and talk to her about them. And since I was horny as hell, I thought it would be a good opportunity to check out that short skirt she had on, and those damn sexy legs. 

The morning went by pretty quick and lunchtime rolled around. I washed my hands and made my way up front to the office area of the plant. To get to the lunchroom I had to walk right by Jen's office, so it would be on the way. 

Chris and the other guys left a few minutes before I did and were already in the lunchroom. It wouldn't take but a few minutes to tell Jen about the shoes, then I would still have plenty of time to eat. 

Her office has a glass wall and door in the front so you can see in. It sits behind a waiting area and there are two more cubicles in there. She shares the area with two other women who are off today. As I walked into the waiting area, I could see she was on the phone with someone. I made my way through the door and she looked up and motioned me to wait at one of the cubicles in the waiting area. I went back out and sat down at one of the desks and waited. I could still see her, but couldn't hear what she was saying. From the desk I couldn't see out into the hallway that lead to the lunchroom, due to the cubicle wall, but I could hear some of the guys as they walked by on their way to the lunchroom. 

After a few minutes, she hung up the phone and got up from her chair. As she walked around her desk she stopped and fumbled through a few papers that were laying on her desk. Her back was to me and I couldn't help admiring her nice legs as they came out of that short skirt. Then she walked out into the waiting area and came over to the cubicle where I was sitting.

"Hi Joe," she said with a big smile. "I was just talking to your wife on the phone. We are meeting for lunch today."

"Oh, do you need to leave now?" I asked.

"No. We are meeting in thirty minutes," she said. "What can I help you with?"

"It's these new saftey shoes we have to wear. They are not holding up very well, " I said as I lifted my leg up so she could see the bottom of the shoe. 

"Let me see," she said, kneeling down to one knee to get a better look. 

She reached out and took my foot in her hands and pulled it closer to get a better look. She went ahead and knelt down on the other knee with her legs together to get her balance. 

The sight of her on her knees in front of me made my dick start to stir around, and I could see right down the front of her blouse. She was wearing a white bra and showing a lot of cleavage. My dick started to come alive in my pants. 

"Yeah, this doesn't look good at all," she said in a disapointing voice. 

I was thinking just the opposite from my vantage point. Her tits were looking very good, maybe 34b's, and as she moved her head around looking at the shoes, her tits were bouncing and jiggling under her blouse. 

"Take it off," she said. "I want to get a better look at it."

I was thinking the same thing about her blouse. "Take it off," I thought to myself. "I want a better look at those tits."

Then I snapped back to reality and thought, "Damn. I am not wearing any socks...of all days."

She started to untie the laces of the shoe. I just sat there with my eyes still glued right down her blouse. She took the shoe off my foot and then looked up at me. I tried to look away, but she caught me staring at her tits. She didn't say anything, she just looked at me for a few seconds, then started laughing.

She ask, "Did you forget your socks this morning?" 

I just laughed and said, "I guess I did. I didn't know I would be taking my shoes off here in the office."

"Let's take off the other shoe, too," she said as she started to untie the laces. "I want to look at it, too."

She started pulling at the other shoe and her tits were bouncing around again. I couldn't help but look at them, and she kept looking up at me. She knew I was looking, but she didn't say anything. 

She started to get playful and started to tickle my left foot. 

She looked up and said jokingly, "I'm telling your wife that you are not wearing socks today."

"I am sure she will want to know how you know that," I replied with a chuckle. 

"Well, we will just let her wonder, " she said winking at me. 

We both just laughed and I was getting very turned on by now. I thought, "Goddamn! That wink was sexy as hell! Is she coming on to me?" 

I was at work, and she knew my wife, but damn, those tits were begging for my hands to be on them. 

All of a sudden, she got quiet. She acted like she didn't know what to do. She was just fumbling around with the shoes and looking down. I decided that I would take a chance and make a move on her. She was making me horny as hell, and she was acting a little giddy, too. 

I slowly lifted my leg again and extended my bare foot toward her body. She was still kneeling down inspecting the shoes. I slowly rubbed my toes over her left tit. She didn't say anything, she just kept looking at the shoes. I ran my foot down her body till I reached her hips. Then, I ran my foot down her leg till I reached the end of her skirt. 

She looked up at me as I started to move my foot under her skirt. 

"No," she whispered, looking me straight in the eyes.

I just kept moving my foot up her leg, then under her skirt.

"No," she whispered again still looking me in the eyes. "Stop!" 

The tips of my toes tried to make their way between her closed legs. I was nudging at them and finally she moved her legs apart. My foot made it's way up her inner thigh. I didn't feel any panties as my toes moved towards her sweet spot. 

I started moving my foot in and out, and moving my toes around the area of her clit. She took a very deep breath and her eyes rolled back a little. She looked away for a few seconds, then looked back at me.

In a very low whisper she said, "Damn, this is so wrong."

I just kept up the movements with my foot. She started to give in to what her her body was feeling.

She took another very deep breath and dropped the shoe she was holding. She moved her hands up to her head and ran her fingers through her long dark hair, while at the very same time arching her back and pushing her tits forward. 

Then she moved her hands down to her tits and started rubbing her nipples through her blouse. 

She looked at me once again and whispered, "Stop. We work together. I know your wife. This is so wrong. We can't do this."

I reached out and let my hands replace her hands on her tits. I started rubbing her nipples with my thumbs as she moved her hands with mine.

Again she said, "We can't do this."

I just looked at her and said, "We already are."

I kneeded her left tit and then pinched her nipple very softly. She reached up and grabbed my dick through my pants. It was already hard, and trying to bust out of my jeans. 

In a very sultry, low whisper, she said, "Oh, God, what am I doing?" 

She unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled down the zipper. My dick rose straight up throbbing with anticapation. 

She took my cock in her right hand and put her sexy red lips around the head. I could feel her tongue making circles as she licked it over and over. 

She was really into it. She was pulling at my jeans trying to get them down farther. I put my hand on top of her head and pushed her all the way down on my rock hard dick. She took every inch of it in her mouth. Then, with my whole cock in her mouth, she opened her sexy green eyes and looked up at me. 

"Oh hell yeah!" I said. "Look at me, Bitch!" 

Her eyes got a little wider. I could tell being called a bitch really turned her on. 

So I said it again, "That's it, Bitch! Suck my dick."

That really got her going. She was stroking and sucking my cock like a wild woman, and I was meeting her strokes with my hips till I was almost falling out of the chair. She was starting to lose her balance, also. I pushed her mouth off of my dick and slid out of the chair on to the floor. We were right up against the desk. 

I pushed my jeans down to just below my knees, then I grabbed her hips and pulled her ass around in front of me. I threw her skirt up over her ass and slapped my dick on it a few times. I was right, she wasn't wearing panties. Then, I rubbed my rock hard cock down the crack of her milky white ass. 

Again she said, "Oh My God, what am I doing? 

I just kept rubbing my cock on her fine ass while stroking it.

"I've never cheated on my husband," She said with a sudden realization of morality. "This is so wrong."

I took the head of my dick and rubbed it up and down on her cunt lips again. I teased her pussy and her ass started moving back and forth trying to meet my rock hard cock. 

"I'm not a slut," she said, "I don't do slutty things like this," trying to convince herself, and me, too. 

"Wearing short skirts with no panties is pretty slutty," I said still rubbing my dick on her cunt lips. "I think you enjoy being slutty, don't you?"

She didn't say anything. There was just silence. 

I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Do you want my hard cock inside your tight, wet pussy?"

"Oh Fuck Yeah, "She whispered lustfully. "But I have never cheated on my husband. It would be so damn wrong to go any farther."

I took my hard cock in my left hand and guided the head about halfway inbetween her pussy lips.

"Oh My God, No," she whispered. "I have never cheated on my husband." 

I slowly pulled the head back out. Her ass was still moving back and forth, just dry humping. Her body wanted my hard cock inside her, but her mind was still saying no. 

I thought for a second about what to do. I was at work, in the personal office, about to fuck the saftey manager. I was married. She was married. We could both get into a lot of trouble if we got caught. Then, I thought there is no way in hell that I am stopping. Her pussy was begging for my dick. 

I put my hard cock back up to her cunt lips again and guided the head between them slowly. 

Again she said, "I have never cheated on my husband." 

I just kept moving the head of my dick in and out of her pussy, and she kept saying over and over, "I have never cheated on my husband. I have never cheated on my husband. I have never cheated on my husband." 

Then, with one hard thrust, I shoved my rock hard cock, balls deep in her tight, wet pussy. 

Her back arched and her head snapped back, and in a very surprised voice she said, "Holy Shit!"

I pulled back out and then drove to the hilt again, and again, and again. I was pumping her pussy with all I had. Her ass was shaking and bouncing with every thrust of my cock. 

She arched her back as much as she could and started meeting my thrust. I reached up and grabbed her shoulders. Her long dark hair was flying back and forth with every pump of her pussy. The rhythm was perfect. 

I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her back. She started moaning and grunting, and trying to speak.

"Oh, God, what am I doing?" she said as she met my thrust. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

I pulled her head back and leaned over to her right ear. She was moaning something that I couldn't understand. 

In a very inquistive voice I ask her, "What are you doing, Jen?"

She didn't say anything. She just kept moaning and grunting.

"You are cheating on your husband, aren't you, Jen?" I asked as I pounded that shit with all I had. "And you are loving it, aren't you, Jen?"

"This is so damn wrong, but it feels so damn good," she whispered lustfully. 

"Tell me you little bitch, " I demanded. "Tell me what you are doing."

"I am cheating on my husband, " she replied. "And it is wrong! Oh, God forgive me," she cried.

I pulled my dick out of her wet pussy and slapped her ass a few times. She looked back at me in a very confused way. She didn't know what to do. Her ass was still moving around trying to find my dick. She turned back around and looked forward again.

Still confused she said in a very demanding, deep voice, "This is wrong, like I said, but you better get your goddamn cock back in my pussy right fucking now, you son of a bitch. Do you hear me?"

I was very surprised to hear her use that kind of language, but it really turned me on. 

I lined my hard cock up with her cunt lips and drove it home with one thrust, all the way to the depths of her tight, wet pussy. 

She let out a loud squeal and said, "Oh My Fucking God! Give it to me hard! Fuck me goddammit! Fuck Me!"

Then she straightened her arms and got as high, and as far back towards me as she could. She was pushing back on my dick with all she had. I knew she was close so I reached under her blouse and grabbed a handful of her tit. I started pinching her right nipple ever so gently.

Her breathing got heavy and then she said, "Oh Holy Fuck. Oh My God!"

I knew she was about to cum so I put my mouth up to her right ear and said, "Cum for me, Bitch!"

That was it. She lost all control and went over the edge.

"Oh Fuck Yeah," she cried. "Oh God Yes! I'm cumming goddammit! I'm cumming!"

She shuddered from head to toe. Her ass was jiggling and she was looking straight up. Her long dark hair was laying on her back all the way down to her fine ass. 

Then her arms collapsed and she fell to the floor, laying on the right side of her face.

She started whispering again. Almost completely out of breath she said, "Holy Fucking Shit, that was good!"

My pace had slowed. I was close myself and didn't want to cum yet. I wanted more of that fine shit. I pulled my dick out and rubbed it on her ass. It wouldn't take much for me to cum, and I needed hold up for a minute. 

She moved underneath me. She started trying to turn over on to her back. I put my arm out and helped her. She turned and faced me while supporting herself with her elbows, and leaning up. 

"Put it back in, "she said forcefully. "Fuck me again!"

I reached out and ripped open her blouse, and pulled her bra up till it brought her lovely banana shaped tits in to view. Her nipples were dark red and hard. I put my left hand on her right nipple and started making slow circles around it, then made my way between her legs as she spread them wide for me.

I rubbed my dick around her cunt lips and then slapped them with it. She was bucking her hips anticapating the entry of my cock. I just kept teasing her pussy and rubbing her cunt lips.

"Put it in goddammit, " she said with a devilish voice. "Fuck me with all you got!"

I slapped her cunt lips two more times and with my left hand I guided my rock hard cock into her pussy with one hard thrust. Her legs opened even more to allow me to her depths. 

I started slamming that shit with all I had. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she started moaning again. Her tits were bouncing up and down as I pounded her pussy with my hard cock. 

"Oh My Fucking God! Oh Hell Yeah! Do it to me!Do it!" she cried. "Give me all you got, Mother Fucker!"

"You want it, Bitch?" I asked. "You want all I got?"

"Hell Yeah, " she said. "Give me that shit!" 

"You are a little fucking slut, aren't you, " I asked.

"Hell Yeah, " she said. "It feels good being a slut!"

She was close again. Her legs were open wide and bent at the knees. I reached out and put my hands just under her knees and pushed her legs back so I could really pound that shit.

"Oh Goddamn!" she said. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

Her head was turning from side to side and her whole body was shaking. Her tits were bouncing all over the place. Her sexy green eyes were rolled back in her head. 

I couldn't take it anymore. I was about to cum. She could tell that I was close and said, "Please don't cum in my pussy. I am not on the pill."

I looked at her and said, "A real slut wouldn't care where I came."

I was just fucking with her. I had no plans on cumming in her pussy. 

Then, to my surprise, she looked up at me and with that devilish voice and said, "Oh what the hell. Cum in my pussy. We are both going to hell for this anyway. We might as well have a little heaven right now."

I couldn't believe my ears. I didn't know what to do. 

I looked at her and said, "What if you get pregnant?"

"Fuck it, " she said. "Just do it."

"What about your husband, " I asked while pumping her pussy faster. 

"Fuck him, too, " she replied. "Now cum in my pussy goddammit!"

When she that, I lost all control. 

"Look at me, Bitch!" I demanded. "Look me in the eye as I cum in your tight pussy."
