 I am an owner of a small business that sells different products manufactured by other companies. I handle inside sales as well as manage the business. Since I don't get out of the office very often, and I'm always being bothered about one thing or another by my employees, I like to have a leisurely lunch at a local pub close by. I have been going there 3 or 4 times a week for the last few years.

Since I'm considered a "regular", I pretty much know all the women who work there, especially the bartenders. We often chat about mundane topics, but the subject would always switch to their "man troubles" which I was really not interested in hearing about. If you heard them go on and on about their husbands, boyfriends, or whatever, it was easy to figure out that most of them created their own problems.

My routine is usually the same, I sit down, order a beer, read the newspaper, order lunch, watch sports on tv, eat my lunch, and then leave. Sometimes I talk to the other patrons there, many who are "regulars" too. All I want to do is relax, have a beer, and have a bite to eat before I have to get back to work. Little did I know that things were about to take a sudden change.

I had just sat down at the bar and ordered a beer when I saw her for the first time. She was a server, running back and forth from the kitchen with trays of food and drink. In my eyes, she was a goddess, a vision of beauty, what I dream a woman should look like. She was about 5'-8", I would guess about 125 lbs., naturally blond, with long legs, shapely figure, and C cup breasts. I couldn't help but stare at her, I knew instantly I wanted her. It was getting a bit warm in the bar, and my jeans were getting noticeably tighter when I heard someone say something...

"That's our new girl. Jennifer is her name, but she's a bit young for you..."

I looked over to Fran who was the bartender that day and who was giving me an "act your age" look.

"She's only nineteen Marty, you're old enough to be her father," Fran said referring to my 37 years of age.

"No kidding...she looks older...and besides, I was just noticing her that's all. What's the matter Fran, you a bit jealous that I look at the younger gals instead of you?" I laughed.

"Just behave yourself mister..." Fran then went about her business and that was that.

Well, I couldn't forget this vision of loveliness. I began to fantasize what it would be like to make love to her. No, what I really want to do was fuck her. I wanted her to want me to fuck her. All I could think about, all day long was fucking Jennifer...over and over...feeling her lips on my swollen cock...tasting her sweet juices between her legs...sucking and biting the tips of her perfect peaks. Yes, there was no question I was going to get this once in a lifetime beauty.

I finally got the courage to say hi to her at the pub. I soon discovered how friendly she was, almost to a fault. Soon we went from quick hi's to more lengthy conversations. I found out she had a boyfriend, which made me jealous, but she didn't tell me much about him. As a matter of fact, she never said anything nice about him, and would change the subject instantly if I brought his name up. When I was at the pub, I could never keep my eyes off her, and I suspected she knew I was looking her over too. I would go home a night, and stroke my throbbing cock, my eyes closed, imagining Jen was stroking me. I would cum jets of sticky goo all over me, but I was so depressed when I opened my eyes and she was not there, just me with my dick going soft in my hand and a mess to clean.

Well, they say good things come to those who wait...or maybe good things eventually cum. Either way, my dream finally came true about 3 months later. Jen was working this particular day, but the manager let her go early due it being extremely slow. She said good bye and off she went. I was at the pub for about another 20 minutes when it was time to go. I left the pub and walked out to my truck. As I was exiting the parking lot, I saw Jen standing in front of her car with the hood up. I decided that here's my once in a lifetime opportunity and I better not screw it up.

"Hey Jen, what's wrong with your car?" I asked.

"This piece of shit is always breaking down. I've got to get rid of it and buy something that runs right." Jen looked defeated. Since it was winter, it was very cold out. The wind was blowing her light jacket open and I swear I could see her nipples poking thru her blouse.

"Common' with me hun," I called to her. "It's freezing out there...I'll give you a ride and you can call a garage to come out and take care of your car."

Jen looked at me and smiled. She grabbed her stuff and jumped in my pick-up.

"Thanks so much Marty, you're a lifesaver!" She then leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I swear I could feel a bolt of lightning surge through me from the touch of her soft lips.

Jen told me to take her to her apartment at the other side of town. She said that she would call her brother from there to help her out, apparently he knew a couple of friends who worked at a local repair shop. I tried to keep the conversation going, but every time I looked over at her blue eyes and her sweet smile, I'd forget what I'd just said. She kept on smiling though, and before I knew it, we were at her place. I was hoping this wasn't the end...

"Here you go sweetheart...curb service!" I laughed.

"Marty, thanks so much for the ride. I'd like to do something nice for you...hey, I got a six pack in the `fridge...want to come in for a beer"?

"Sounds great!"

So I followed her inside. It was a nice place, definitely had the female touch. I sat down in the living room while Jen said she would get us a couple beers after she got out of her uniform. She said it would only be a few minutes.

Well, about ten minutes passes, and she hadn't come out yet. I got up and headed out to the kitchen. Jen was standing with a robe on loosely. I could see lots of her milky white skin and top of her lacey white bra that cupped her luscious breasts. She got up, and mumbled something about someone drinking all the beers she bought. It was now or never, I pulled her into my arms and kissed her deeply. At first she put her hands against my chest, trying to push herself away. I resisted, held her tighter, and continued my kiss. My tongue finally worked into her mouth, and I felt her resistance fade. Now her hands went over my shoulders and she was returning the kiss, her tongue dancing with mine.

I could feel Jen's robe opening as we ground our bodies together. I undid the sash, and pulled her back to me. Her body molded to mine perfectly, it felt wonderful. I couldn't get enough of her kisses, my hands began exploring her body. It had been along time having a female this firm in my arms, and I was going to savor every minute. Jen's hands began to explore me as well, and then they began to unbutton my jeans.

"Hey, if you get to see me, I get to see you!" she laughed. So much for savoring the moment as I immediately assisted in the removal of my clothes. My boxers were the most difficult due to the rigid pole poking out of them. We both fumbled with them and finally got them off. The amazing thing was we both laughed. Jen then got serious and began to stroke my hard cock, barely getting her hand around it. I could feel my pre-cum beginning to ooze out. After several minutes of her rubbing my juices around my throbbing head, Jen sank to her knees and began to kiss my shaft up and down the length. It was obvious Jen was no stranger to sucking cock as her kisses soon became licks of pleasure. Her hands delicately rubbed my balls which were filling with cum by the minute. Finally she opened her mouth wide and took my rigid cock into her mouth. I felt more of my cock slide into her throat as she developed a steady bobbing motion. My legs began to weaken as I looked down in time to see her lips find the end of my shaft at the base. I reached over to caress her blond hair and closed my eyes, enjoying the blow job of my dreams. It didn't take long for me to reach the point where I was going to shoot a gallon of hot spunk down Jen's lovely throat.

For her 19 years, Jen was an expert at giving head. She sensed I was close to cumming.

"You can cum in my mouth later. Right now I want to fuck! I want to feel this wonderful cock inside me." Who was I to argue?

Jen got up, took me by the hand, and led me to her bedroom. I lay down on the bed and watched her remove her panties. She had nice, light colored pussy hair that was almost transparent. She then got on top of me, grabbed my stiff cock in one hand, and guided it between her wet pussy lips. Once she was aligned, she slowly dropped down on it until I was buried all the way in. I was going out of my mind with the sensations. She was very tight but very wet. It was the best.

My eyes met hers. I could tell she enjoyed the feel of me as well. She smiled, and then she undid the front clasp of her bra, and let it fall off of her. Her breasts were perfectly formed C cups, with half dollar pink nipples which poke out about 3/8 of an inch. My hands were drawn to them like magnets. I fondled her beautiful peaks as she began to move on me.

It was obvious that she was in great shape. She was moving her body up and down on my cock like she was in a marathon. Her breathing was hard, but it was difficult to tell if it was from physical exertion or sexual passion. I was just letting her do her thing, not moving to much, but enjoying her wonderful tits.

Jen leaned over and whispered, "Suck on my tits...I cum real hard if you suck on them."

Who am I to argue? If she wants them sucked, I was going to do it. I began feasting on her tits, sucking them, licking them, nibbling them. I could make a career just on her tits alone. In a few minutes, her pace of fucking me went into a frenzy. I could feel contractions in her pussy gripping my throbbing shaft. Jen was cumming, and cumming hard. She began to sway, almost uncontrollably, so I grabbed her ass, and jammed myself all the way in, shooting my hot cum deep inside.

Our climax lasted what seemed like several minutes. Jen then fell onto me, her head against my chest, and we stayed that way for awhile until our breathing became normal again.

I stayed the rest of the night. We made love several times, several different ways. I knew that this was a special moment in my life that might not last, but Jen was a dream come true, and I was going to enjoy her for as long as I could.