 After the 'lesbian orgy,' as we came to call it, we were allowed to clean up, redress, and compose ourselves before we joined the others for more drinking. We really needed it now!

But surprisingly, I didn't feel nearly as self-conscious about what had happened as I had before. I had even more reason to, though, as I had done those actions myself - it wasn't inflicted upon me as when the dildo had been rammed up into me. Perhaps there was some truth to the idea that we would get used to a certain level of what I would have called depravity. It seemed to be a common feeling among the Pledges.

But after we got our drinks and the first round of 'congratulations for a job well done,' the Pledge Mistress was quick to give us our new assignments. We were tasked with having intercourse with three men. Not a bad assignment, at first. The kicker was that we had to have a picture to prove what we had done.

I groaned at the thought of that, but soon realized that this might be easier than the other things we had done so far. Oh, I couldn't decide if it was easier or harder as my mind raced from one to the other.

It seemed that the girls who had a boyfriend had an advantage. They had a built-in guy for their first 'conquest.' What boyfriend would not do that for their girl? I laughed when I thought that many of them had probably wanted to have pictures and had been refused by the girls. Or not. But then, these same girls had to explain to their guys that they had to go have sex with other men, and even get pictures of if for others to look at. Maybe I was better off without a boyfriend for this assignment after all.

My first thought for this was Brian. I had already fucked him when I visited last year, (see Prologue) and I felt sure he would like to do it again. I wasn't sure about getting a picture of it, but thought he would be more willing than some others.

For the other two people, I had no ideas. Sure, I had guys wanting to date me. Absolutely. If I was hot enough to pledge this Sorority, you can bet I attracted a lot of guys. I had been out on a few dates since I had been at the university, and most had ended up having to fend off their advances. So I assumed I could get this assignment done with no problems. That is, except for the embarrassment of asking for a picture of their genitals! Some of the girls discussed taking a picture without the guy's knowledge, but that didn't seem right to me. Nor very easy to do.

So I gave Brian a call. We had seen each other a few times since I had started classes. We even had a semi-date, where I went with him to some science department function. It was in the afternoon, lasted only a couple hours, but I was glad to do it. He said it gave him a little more stature to be seen with such a hot girl. He was such a nice guy, but we were clear that we were friends, not a romantic couple.

Brian was happy to agree to a date with me. He suggested a nice dinner off campus and a play. I said just a dinner might be better, then perhaps just some alone time to relive old times. I was thinking of reliving the sex from old times, but didn't tell him that. 

I dressed very nicely for the evening. Sexy but a bit understated, and we had a great time. The restaurant was a good choice - not elegant, but extremely nice. We met two of his professors there. I was beginning to think that he only took me to places where he would see people he knew. But I didn't mind at all. Since I was using him I couldn't have complained if I had wanted to.

During dinner he mentioned that his roommate was away for the weekend. I smiled a naughty little smile that embarrassed him. Yes, he probably told me that in case I would go back there with him, but wasn't thinking I would be thinking nasty thoughts just like he was. Or perhaps nastier. I planned on breaking the news about needing sex pictures on our way back to the dorm, but didn't . I didn't want to spoil his evening. So we went back to his dorm, and his room, knowing that sex was soon to follow.

Still the gentleman, he didn't act as if he expected me to put out. He had a bottle in his room so we had another drink while we sat on the bed and talked. (It was still the only comfortable place to sit.) We had been holding hands and continued to do so, and this escalated quickly with me leading the way. Though we had kissed down in the lobby, for the benefit of others who may see us, our kissing got serious here in the room. Brian surprised me a little when his hand found my breast before I had made a move on him. As I ran my hand over his shirt, he was unfastening my dress to get to my bare breast, which he did pretty easily. 

I broke off our kissing and held my dress up to just cover my breasts, which confused Brian at first. He caught on quickly when I got up and, remembering last time, got a towel and cracked open the door to slide it onto the doorknob. I heard a hoot from down the hall and a couple of loud comments I couldn't understand. The towel wasn't needed, as his roommate was gone, but Brian and I grinned, knowing that everyone on the floor would know that he had a girl in his room for the night.

By the time I returned to the bed Brian had finished removing his shirt. I stood in front of him with my breasts uncovered while he gazed at them. I swear his mouth watered. Then I pulled the dress down and let it fall to the floor. He seemed surprised to see that I did not wear panties. I stepped out of the dress and climbed naked onto his lap. I kissed him hard for a moment, then pulled his head into my chest to allow him to feast on my breast. He licked and sucked voraciously, sending chills throughout my body. 

Finally I pushed him back onto the bed, still straddling his lap, and his hands fell to my waist. Then to my my thighs. I moaned as he softly stroked the soft flesh inside my thighs. I though of climbing onto his face and making him eat my pussy. I had never done that, and didn't think Brian was the right one to start with. But my thoughts did lead me part way as I turned around, straddling him facing the other direction so that I could unfasten his pants and strip them off. Before I could finish that job, however, his hands pulled me backwards, finally placing my pussy right over his mouth.

I groaned loudly as his mouth and tongue found my slit and began to suck on it. His tongue worked its way in between my folds, licking the length of my labia, then pausing to suck again. Where did he learn to cause these feelings deep inside me? I struggled to focus on getting his pants off. All I could do was lower them halfway to his knees, but at least his dick was standing tall and proud. I leaned down and gobbled half of it in one gulp, then began my own sucking. 

He even held my pussy lips apart so that his tongue could reach my inner labia and enter my hole easier. He was driving me wild. When his finger slid up to find my clit I almost bit his penis. Wow, I was going to cum if he kept this up. And he did. I withdrew his cock from my mouth and pumped it with my hand. Moaning, trying to say words that made sense, he drove me over the brink. Screaming out, my body convulsed with orgasm, shooting from my pussy to my finger tips. 

As soon as I could I spun around again. Sitting up straight, I reached between my legs and found his erection behind me, guiding it to my slit. Settling its head into my hole, I looked Brian straight in the eye as I sank my body down onto his shaft. His eyes got bigger the further down I sank. I must have had most of him in me when I rose up a few inches, then plunged downward, taking his whole shaft inside me. Both of our eyes bugged out with this one. I rose up again, plunging down onto him again, then repeated this, impaling myself over and over.

I had never had sex in this position, and I loved it. I could control the depth he was in me, the speed his cock plunged into me, and even the angle that he hit me. I moved my hips sightly so that his cock pushed everywhere along my walls. I felt it push against my G-spot and nearly came again, but then avoided it. I would save that for when he was ready to shoot.

That happened sooner than I expected. His hips also had some control over the fucking, and he was pushing them hard into the air. Well, pushing his cock hard into me, actually. He was panting. I felt like he was close.

"Yes, Brian, fuck me! Fuck me! Cum for me!" I nearly shouted. 

Perhaps I shouted louder than normal, as I thought of guys in the hall hearing what this young stud could do to a girl. But most of it was very, very, genuine as his cock was driving me wild. 

As his panting changed to moaning and his hips thrust harder but less often, I felt his cock grow inside me. This is it, I told myself, and remembered to guide his shaft towards my G-spot again. We both found release within seconds of each other, and both yelling out for real in our lust. Finally collapsing on top of him, my orgasm kept going, and my nerves were tingling in my fingertip and scalp for quite a while. As my pussy had little convulsions, it caused a reaction in his cock, which was still lodged deep inside me. This was the longest cock I had had, though not quite as thick, and I enjoyed feeling it deep inside. It didn't seem to be getting soft very quickly.

We finally got our breath, and I eventually rolled off him, pulling his dick out of me and releasing a flood of combined juices onto his stomach and his bed. He didn't seem to mind. We lay there, cuddling, close, in the afterglow of great sex. My mind fluttered from place to place for a while, but eventually settled on the subject of photographing sex - the real reason that I had asked for this date. I felt that I had to be honest with him, though I was afraid he might be mad, or worse. Perhaps he would not want another date with me. That thought surprised me, as I hadn't realized that I wanted another date with him. I suppose the sex was too good to give up completely.

I lay there curled up beside him, my head on his chest and my hand wrapped around his shaft. It had never gone completely soft, and I stroked it slowly.

"Brian, I have something to tell you," I began. "For my sorority initiation, I have to have sex with someone, and..." I hesitated. "Take a picture."

I held my breath as I waited to see if he was going to be mad or what.

'Oh, really? It's really true then?"

He saw that I was confused.

"I heard something about a sorority that made their Pledges have sex, but didn't think it was true. Is that yours?"

That simple question struck a nerve in me. It made me feel cheap, and he didn't even know everything.

"So, are you - mad? Upset?"

"Are you kidding?" he asked. "I think it's cool. Well, at least it is since you picked me to have sex with."

Okay, I wasn't going to tell him that he was only one of three. "So, you don't mind if I take a picture? Of us? You? Your... penis?"

He looked surprised for a moment, then said, "Yeah, okay. Do you need my face?"

They hadn't said anything about needing faces in the pictures, so I said, "No."

"How do we do it?"

"Well," I said, suddenly realizing that I hadn't thought through the specifics. "I guess we do our crotches, like you're fucking me." I reached for my phone to take the picture.

"No," he said, and I panicked. "Not like we are fucking - while we are fucking."

I looked confused again, and he said, "If you get a picture of us fucking, then we should be fucking. Okay?"

His dick was twitching as he said this, and I readily agreed.

We took pictures as we fucked again. Though most were too blurry to use, I did get a couple good ones. More than that, I got two more orgasms as he lasted longer this time. The boys in the hall, if they were there, got some more fantasy material. Brian got a better reputation. And I got two more orgasms and a picture for my initiation. Everybody's happy.