 "I'm so fucking broke." Jenn was bitching as we slurped our Slurpees, and settled in to watch Delta Force 2. We were on a Chuck Norris kick (pun intended) and it was too hot and lazy a Sunday afternoon to do much else. Jenn lived across the hall and we bonded over our love of stupid action movies. We became fast friends right away, and although she was gorgeous we had both been dating people when we met, so I never made a move on her, but was happy landing in her "friend zone" anyway. 

"I'm doing okay, but nothing special." She was a mechanic but had just been laid off, and I had just gotten a job at a small newspaper doing ad sales. She had been making decent money but now was going broke because she was out of a job and had also dumped her boyfriend (he'd become a jerk after getting accepted into law school). He owed her a lot of money and didn't see any reason to pay it back now that they weren't together.

"Fuck, it's hot." She started fanning herself with the DVD cover. She was dressed for the heat -- a red-and-white striped bikini top just covered her amazing size Cs. Jenn had a nice, trim figure but some good curves, she was naturally curvy but worked out a lot to keep trim. She was a real tomboy and dressed to be comfortable, another nice perk to being her friend -- she matched the bikini top with some tight black gym shorts rather than something more stylish but less revealing.

"I could pour my Slurpee on you."

"Mmmmh, I'd consider it." She raised her own cup to press the cold drink against her tight stomach. "I wonder if that's anyone's fetish."

"Everything is somebody's fetish. We could probably flick to the pay-per-view and rent Slurpee Chicks Slurp Cocks #27"

She giggled and started seductively tonguing her Slurpee straw mock-porno style. I laughed. Always the ham, she rubbed the Slurpee cup between her breasts. 

"Don't," I was crying I was laughing so hard. "You're killing me."

"Looks like I'm bringing you to life." She pointed down at my shorts -- my cock had sprung up. I couldn't help it.

"Give me a break, you're rubbing a Slurpee on your tits!"

She chuckled. "Maybe I should charge you to see me do stuff like that. It would solve my cash problem."

"Yeah, right."

We dropped it and went back to watching the movie. At least, I thought we had dropped it. After five or ten minutes she turned back to me. "What do you think I could make with that?"

"With what?" 

"You know. Charging."

I was lost. "Charging for what?" I started drinking my quickly melting Slurpee again.

"You liked the Slurpee on my tits. What would you pay me to lick some Slurpee off them?"

I choked as I drank. She laughed as I sputtered and caught my breath. "Jesus, Jenn, if you want some money I'll lend you some."

"I don't want to borrow money. I'm serious. What would you pay to lick Slurpee off my tits."

"You're serious."

"Yeah."

I didn't know what to think about this, but thought, hey, why not play along. "I don't know. Twenty bucks."

"That's it?"

"That's not bad. I'm just licking your tits."

"Well, what about if I let you cum on them?"

I couldn't believe where she was going with this. "I don't know. Forty bucks?"

"Hmm. How about if I sucked your cock?"

"Depends, I guess. How good are you?"

"How good do you think I am?" She tongued the Slurpee straw back into her mouth and sucked.

Why not make a decent offer? I thought. "A hundred."

"Sold." She put down the Slurpee and got up, stretching her legs.

"What?"

"Come on. Get that cock out."

"You're kidding."

"Nope. I told you, I'm broke."

"And I told you, I can lend you some cash."

"And I told you, I'd rather work for my money." She reached behind her back and undid her bikini top, letting it drop to expose her perfect tits. "Would you rather lend me cash or get your cock sucked?"

All my resistence fell away then: this was a no-brainer. Jenn knelt at the edge of the couch while I hurried out of my shorts. When she grabbed my cock I thought I would cum right there. She held it gingerly for a moment and licked slowly up the side. Then she plunged it into her mouth.

Even though we'd only been friends before now, Jenn wasn't shy. She slurped up and down my cock and swirled her tongue around the head when she reached the top. I was getting my money's worth -- what a weird thought -- but as she bobbed up and down on my cock I stopped being able to think altogether.

Just when I felt close to cumming, Jenn took me out of her mouth. She slapped my wet cock between her tits. She started sliding them up and down, titfucking me slowly.

"The titfuck's free, or extra?"

She smiled. "All part of the package. I may want you as a repeat customer, who knows?" 

"What else is in this package?"

"In the blowjob package? Some more sucking, and you can cum where you want. For another twenty, I'll let you upgrade to some throatfucking."

Instead of saying "yes" I stood up and slammed my cock into her throat. Jenn gagged, and pushed me back -- I thought I had gone too far but she laid herself out on the couch, putting her head back so I had better access to her throat. I slid my cock in a bit more gently but soon started fucking her throat hard again, balls slapping against her nose. She reached one hand up and back to cup my ass while the other started rubbing her clit through her gym shorts. 

She was really getting off on this -- rubbing her clit hard and fast and moaning deep as I thrust my cock into her. I wondered how far this might go. I leaned forward and reached for her pussy, to rub it myself, but she slapped my hand away and pushed me off her. 

"What are you doing?" she said. Shit, I thought, I fucked it up now. But I was wrong again. "Pussy is extra."

"How much extra?"

"It depends. How hard do you want to fuck?" She was really getting excited, rubbing herself hard.

"Hard."

"Then you get the discount," she smiled. "$200."

"Discount! That sounds like a lot for pussy." 

"How do you know? You ever pay for pussy? I bet it's not cheap."

"I guess I don't really know."

"No, you don't. And this is prime pussy." She peeled off her shorts and spread her legs open on the couch to spread her pussy lips for me.

I was sold. I grabbed her legs and pulled her into me, sliding my cock into her hole. She gasped and started to buck against me as I rammed into her for all I was worth.

We fucked hard for what seemed like a long time, although I have no idea how long it was really. I'd lost all sense of time -- she was right, this was quality pussy. She was tight and wet, moaning and bucking against me. 

"You're so fucking hot," I mumbled. "So fucking tight!" 

"Yeah, you like that? You like my tight pussy?"

"It's -- oh -- fuck --" I was trying to say it was "amazing."

"Fuck me. Fuck me. You like tight?"

"Yeah." I kept ramming her. Shit, she was hotter than I'd ever expected.

"You like tight? Try my ass." She pulled back and then slid herself forward, fucking my cock hard.

"How much?" I gasped.

"I don't know," she said. "Just fuck me." With that she pushed off and grabbed the nearby footstool, bending over to offer her ass to me.

My cock was still wet from her pussy and her ass was ready. It wasn't super-wet so I spit in her ass to lube it up and started sliding my cock in, slow. Incredible. She gasped in pleasure as I slowly slid into her ass. I rocked in and out a little and she reached back to touch herself, and started rocking back and forth into me, driving me deeper. 

We fucked slow for a little bit and then picked up steam. I couldn't slam into her as fast as I'd slammed her pussy but I didn't need to -- her ass was extremely tight, and she was squeezing her cheeks against me too. 

Soon she started begging. "Cum in me. Cum in my ass. Please."

"Holy fuck."

"Cum in me. Fuck my ass and cum in my ass and --" she didn't have to say anything else. I exploded in her. I thrust a few more times as she squeezed her cheeks to milk my dick, and I collapsed on top of her, panting. Just then Chuck Norris landed a roundhouse kick.

We lay there for a little bit as the movie rolled, and I slid out of her. She puckered her ass and cum started leaking out down her leg and onto the carpet. "Oops," she giggled. "Satisfied, customer?"

I reached for my pants, and pulled out my wallet. I just threw it at her. "Take whatever you want." Money well spent.



[Let me know if you want to hear more about Jenn. -- Marquis de Slut] 