 I have been working for a small company for a little over a year and a half, and for the whole time I have been working there this one girl, Jennifer, has been bitching about her husband and what a jerk he is. Well, about a month ago I heard her say to one of our other co-workers that they had gotten separated and that he wasn't living in the house. Jennifer is a nice looking girl, with a sexy body, but she is definitely a little uptight. I actually know her husband from going to high school with him, and I'm guessing, from what I know of her and what I know of him, that their sex life was probably pretty "plain vanilla." I have often looked at her in a skirt or tight dress pants and thought about the things I could teach her. 

A week or so after I heard that Jennifer had split with her husband, a bunch of us decided to get some drinks one Friday after work. In the past, she would never join us, but now that she was single I playfully encouraged her to join us, suggesting "you never know what could happen" and she fortunately decided to join us. 

When we got to the bar I made sure we ended up sitting next to each other. We had a chance to make more small talk that one night that we had probably made in most of the time we had worked together. 

After an hour or so most of our co-workers were ready to head home and so I asked Jenn where she was parked and offered to walk her to her car. We got to her car and she hit the remote unlock button on her car keys and so I was able to open her door for her. She smiled as I did this and made a comment about it being a long time since anyone had held a door for her. I stood in front of the car door so we would be close together as she climbed in. She stood and looked at me and smiled, and thanked me for being so nice. I said "You're welcome" and we stood for a moment in awkward silence before I decided to try to kiss her. 

I leaned in and at first she moved her head backwards but then she stopped and let me kiss her on the lips. I kissed her softly and said goodnight. I then stepped out of the way and let her get into the car, but as I did she held my hand. I turned and we were face to face again and this time she kissed me. At first it was a gentle kiss, the way I had kissed her, but then I put my arm around her and we began to kiss more passionately. This went on for a moment before she pulled away. I kept my arm around her and we looked at each other for a moment before she whispered "We should go somewhere.." 

My heart raced as I thought about the potential before me, but I wasn't sure how to respond. My apartment was much closer than her house and so I said "Come home with me.." I waited for a moment, hoping her response would be agreement, and I knew it was when she took my hand in hers and closed her car door. 

We walked silently, hand in hand, to my car and climbed in. The radio was on and so we made small talk about the music playing while we drove to my apartment. Once we got inside I offered her something to drink but she declined. She walked into my small living room and I could tell she felt awkward -- and so did I. I gave her the "tour" of the living room and then sat on my couch, hoping that would entice her to join me. She spent a moment looking at the photos on my wall before sitting down next to me. 

I put my hand on her leg and said something stupid like "what do you think of my place.." but she laughed which helped me relax a bit and so I took her hand and held it. As I did she leaned towards me and we began to kiss again. 

I wanted to rip her clothes off and get a look at her beautiful body, but I knew that I needed to make slow love to her, and enjoy every inch of her body, in a way I'm sure she had not experienced in a long time. 

We kissed for a while and our hands slowly explored each other. I carefully pulled her blouse out from her waist and ran my hand softly inside and slowly up her stomach. She took a deep breath in as I did this, so I lifted my hand and placed it on her right breast. I ran my hand back down her stomach and to her legs, and then brought my hand inside her skirt and caressed her legs with a light touch of my fingers. 

Next I moved my hand near hear warm pussy and felt the dampness in her panties. I gently glided my hand across her panties and felt her shudder a little as I did. 

We continued to kiss deeply as I rubbed her legs with my hands a little harder. She then began to rub my chest with her hand before bringing her hand down to my pants. 

I then brought my hand out from underneath her skirt and unbuttoned her blouse. She sat up and let me remove her blouse and then I kissed my way down her neck to her lovely breasts. I slid the straps of her bra off her should and unbuttoned the front of her bra, removing it. 

I licked and nibbled her soft flesh and she sat back on the couch enjoy the attention I was paying to her body. 

I continued to kiss and lick her upper body as I used my hand to find the zipper on her skirt and pulled it down. It slid off easily from her legs, revealing her white cotton panties. I moved my mouth down her stomach and smelled her beautiful scent before sliding down her panties. She held her legs together, allowing me to easily remove her panties. 

I than ran my hands insider her legs and then slowly parted them, revealing her nicely trimmed pussy. 

I teased her with my tongue before sliding two fingers insider her hot wet whole. She moaned loudly as I did this. I slowly fingered her and she moaned softly as I did. I then began to lick her clit and gentle nibble on it. She put her hands on my head, pressing me into her sweet pussy. I could feel her getting wetter and wetter as I fucked her with my fingers harder and harder. I continued to nibble on her clit as I fingered her and her moans became louder and in time with my fingering. 

I then began to flick her clit with my thumb as I put my tongue inside her, and she buckled under me, moaning more and more. The juices from her pussy were dropping down toward her sweet anus and so I lifted her legs up and rested them on my shoulder and darted my tongue around her anus as I continued to finger her pussy. She seemed to like this and so I moved my thumb from her clit and slowly put it on the edge of her anus. She did not object, and so I darted my tongue insider her puckered ass and tasted her sweet pussy juices. I then pushed my thumb insider her anus and she moaned even louder and then began to buckle wildly as she orgasmed with a final high pitched moan. 

I continued to finger her pussy and her anus as she trembled through another small orgasm and then I heard her breathing slow a bit and so I stopped my sensuous assault on her pussy and anus. 

I then looked at her and her face was flush and she has a big smile on her face and her eyes were closed. 

She finally opened her eyes and looked at me, still breathing heavily and said, simple "Wow.." 

I sat on the couch next to her and we kissed a little more and then she whispered "your turn.." 

She unzipped my pants and pulled them off, revealing my hard cock bulging out of my boxers. She smiled as she looked at it and licked it like an ice cream cone before removing my boxers. As she was doing that I took off my shirt and sat naked on my couch. 

She took my cock in her hand and stroked it up and down a few times before licking all around it. She then licked my balls and took them partially into her mouth. She then worked her tongue back up my cock before taking it inside her mouth. 

I watched as she bobbed her mouth up and down on my cock and swirled her tongue around it. She would alternate between licking and sucking it and would tease the tip of my dick with her tongue. She certainly seemed to know how to suck dick! 

She worked my hard cock with reckless abandon, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. 

I watched as she sucked my cock and brought it deeper and deeper into her throat and as she sensed my building orgasm she tightened her grip around my stiff cock. She stroked her hand up and down, faster and faster as the sensation built deep within me. She continued to lick my cock as I felt my orgasm nearing and then she put my dick insider her mouth and squeezed my dick one final time, sending me over the edge. I grabbed her head and fuck her mouth as I came hard and deep insider her. She kept her hand around my cock and swallowed all my hot juice. 

As I trembled on the couch she licked me clean and then kiss her way up my body and sat next to me on the couch. We began to kiss again and I suggested to her that we go into my bedroom, but she just looked at me and said "but then you'd have nothing to look forward to next time.."