 Sandra left for her two-week cruise on Monday and I picked Jenn up later that day. Jenn had called me only to tell her when to pick her up. I was still in shock from the revelation that she was pregnant and wasn't sure how this was going to stir up the present situation of me fucking her mother. Actually, more like falling in love with her mother.

Since Jenn got back from visiting her dad, she had been even more alternately distant and then clingy, if that were possible. She made no effort to confide her pregnancy to me and it was clear that her weight gain and mood swings were the result of being pregnant with our child.

I wanted the best for Jenn, and our baby. I also knew my future lay with Sandra, her active, sexy mother who had been away on a "victory cruise" celebrating her recent divorce from Jenn's dad. I had far more in common with her. She was nearer to my age, we had similar interests and the sex was incredible. During her cruise, I received several texts and email from Sandra wishing she could have taken me with her to continue what she called "our honeymoon."

I wish I could be more honest and fessed up my true feelings but it was just easier to not make waves. During the two weeks Sandra was gone, Jenn and I continued to have sex - unprotected - and her references to calling me daddy became more often and not always during sex. 

For instance, if we we planning to go out somewhere, and Jenn preferred one restaurant over another, she would pout and refer to herself in the third person. "Jenny doesn't want to go there. Daddy's being mean."

The wheels were coming off her bus somehow and she was regressing into more infantile behavior. One sultry early fall evening, we were walking in the park and I was hoping Jenn would at least tell me about our new pregnancy and she said, "Daddy I need to pee."

I resisted at first trying to get her to tell me what's up. I mentioned her mood swings, her weight gain, her cravings for foods and said If I didn't know better I'd think she was pregnant. She took me into the bushes and said, "Hold me Daddy."

I held her close, thinking she was going to tell me what was going on, but instead I felt the hot trickle of urine soaking my leg. This was unexpected, yet a real turn-on, especially in the dimly lit park. My cock was straining through my soaked jeans

Jenn was wearing a black skirt (none of her pants fit even six weeks into the pregnancy) and a white satin shirt and I had on very dark-blue jeans so no-one could see our piss-soaked clothes. Still, Jenn got to her knees and unbuckled my pants.

"I'm so sorry Daddy. I got you wet. Let me fix it. Please Daddy!" she whimpered.

I wasn't sure how she was going to fix it, but when she took my rock hard shaft and got down on her knees I had a pretty good idea and I wasn't about to protest. The public park, hiding in the grove of trees while others walked nearby was such an exciting element as she sucked my rod. She wasn't as good at giving head as her mother. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine Sandra below me as her pregnant daughter sucked me off.

"Oh yeah, honey. That's it. Daddy's gonna cum into his little girls throat. Drink it all up like a good girl.'

I exploded into her throat blast after blast of hot cum which she swallowed eagerly, only letting a little drop run down her chin.

"I'm sorry Daddy. I couldn't drink it all. I wanted to especially since I was so bad after my accident. Will you wash off the last bit."

I looked for my water bottle and saw it on the ground empty. 

"I'm all out of water honey," I moved to help her up and kiss her but she resisted staying on the ground.

She put her hands on her lap and rested her big round ass on the heels of her feet.

"Pee on me, Daddy. Wash me off."

Without a word, I let it flow. My piss showered over her soaking her hair and her white satin blouse which was now clinging to her. I moved around covering her completely.

Seeing my piss-covered whore in the dirt like that was such a fucking turn-on. I squeezed out the last of my pee and told my baby girl to get on her hands and knees.

"Yes Daddy." she said as I lifted up her soaked skirt and moved the crotch of her panties to one side. I slid my dick quickly into her wet slit and it didn't take long before I shot another load of jizz into her willing waiting cunt.

We got up and walked quickly to the car where Jenn asked if she could come home with me. She was a bit more lucid now. The sex seemed to fuck the crazy right out of her. Arriving at my place, we took a sudsy shower together and I let my soapy hands trace the newly formed curves of her new motherhood. Jenn stayed in the bathroom to get pretty and I went to the living room and put my feet up on the table when my phone rang. It was Sandra.

I knew Jenn couldn't hear me with the hair dryer going so I took a chance and answered it.

"Hey Baby! You're home? I miss you so much!"

"I miss you too honey," I replied in all honesty.

"I don't have have a very good signal, but I'll send you an email about when to pick me up. Can you call Jenny? I can't seem to get a hold of her. I hope she's okay."

Before I could answer, the connection broke and I heard the familiar double-beep of a failed call. I put the phone down and Jenn came out of the bathroom and nestled up to me.

"I'm sorry I've been so crazy lately. It's not you, you know."

"I didn't know. I thought you were going to break up with me when you went away that weekend. You just seem really distant," I answered with concern.

"I'm sorry. It's just that something happened and I haven't been taking my meds, and I know I need to get back on them. I don't know how I'm going to do this, I feel like such a loose cannon. I don't know if I can stay safe!" she sobbed putting her still damp head on my shoulder. Christ! I had forgotten Jenn was on meds to stabilize her moods. No wonder she'd been so loopy.

"What happened that you can't take your meds?" I asked, full well knowing the answer.

"I was afraid to say before. But I know what I need to do," she looked at me with the utmost gravity. "I'm pregnant. I think about eight weeks. You're definitely the father. I want to keep the baby and I talked with my counselor yesterday and he thinks I should go back to the hospital until they can find away for my moods to get back on track. Honey I need you to help me and be there for me because you're the only one I've got. I don't want my mother to eb involve. She knows I'm pregnant, but not by whom, and I'd just as soon keep it that way."

I held Jenn and said, "Whatever it takes."

That night we made love with the moonlight streaming through the blinds. I came inside her again, filling her with my seed. In the morning I drove her to the hospital and helped her get admitted to the psychiatric ward. She had 28 days to get her self on track and Wendy's agreed to pay her early maternity leave so she could keep her apartment.

No sooner had I kissed her goodbye when I got a text from Sandra. She decided to get a cab rather than have me pick her up and was on her way to my place.

"Hope you're horny for me baby! I saved myself for you!:)"

I decided to call her and let her know the recent development with Jenn.

"So she's in the hospital, but it's her own choice? Well that's good. Thank God you were there to help her. Her own father wouldn't have done that. You're such a good "almost step-dad!""

Clearly if Sandra knew how good, she would not be as pleased.

"I just have to pick up something at the drugstore and I'll be over," Sandra said over the phone, "I'll expect you ready, willing and able when I get back. God I've been craving you for so long."

Hanging up I entered my apartment and tidied up any clues that Jenn was sleeping there. I found some clothes, some underwear and her backpack. I shoved everything in the backpack and was about to throw it out when Sandra barged in.

"Going somewhere? I gave you strict instructions, Mister!" she giggled good-naturedly.

"Actually they're clothes of Jenn's. She left them in my car and forgot to take them in to the hospital. I'll bring them in to her later this week. 

Sandra took the bag from me and said, "No don't bother honey. I'm going tomorrow." She opened up the bag and peered at the contents, "Hmm, that's odd, just undies?"

"I didn't look in the bag. I just figured she'd want whatever it it."

"From the looks of it, she wants more than that," with that Sandra pulled out a silver satin corset and matching thong, "Maybe she's expecting her 'Prince Charming' to visit her. God I hope she gets her act together. I hate the thought of her raising a baby alone."

"Enough of that," she stated boldly, "That last two weeks was a longer and harder two weeks than the last eight years."

"Longer and harder?" I raised an eyebrow.

"That's not what I meant. But I was craving your cock so bad, baby. Unfortunately, I seem to have replaced acting on sex cravings with acting on food cravings. I've gained nine pounds."

Sandra's taut fit body had indeed expanded a bit. I slapped her ass playfully and said I didn't mind a bit of extra junk in the trunk. I kissed her fully and I could feel the sparks fly between us as we groped hungrily at each other.

We shed our clothes quickly as we moved to the bedroom. I lay down on the bed and she started sucking my already engorged manhood. 

"I wanna start by sucking your cock," she went down on me slowly at first. Teasing me, telling me how hard and big I am. Once again she worked up to taking it all down her tight eager throat. The smooth skin of her big round titties slapped against my thigh as she swallowed the length of my sword.

Soon her languid playfulness became more forceful and I guided her lower half in position over my face. Her sighs and moaning increased as I let my tongue go wild between the hot folds of her pussy and into the tight heat of her waiting asshole. Her tongue bathed my cock in saliva and I could hear her gagging as she once again struggled to deal with the snake pummeling her mouth.

Sandra sat up in a quick motion releasing my cock, still grinding her cunt against my face

"Oh my God! I just came! God that was so quick," she dismounted me and kissed me hard licking herself off my lips.

"I've got a surprise for you," Sandra said reaching into her bag beside the bed. In her hand was a bottle of lube and a vibrator. 

"I'm not saying I'll be ready tonight, but I want you to get me ready with this vibrator. I want that big cock in my ass sooner rather than later."

I kissed her hard and coated the dildo. Moving it gently from her slit to her tight little ass, I waited until she told me.

"Put it in, baby," I guided the shining pink vibrator into her tight hole. The lube helped but she still clenched her teeth as I moved it up to the head. It was shaped pretty much like an actual cock, and I was admiring her courage at picking a model with such girth when I noticed it was actually wider than my own cock.

"Honey, you flatter me. This things way too big. If you get on your knees, I think I can make it not hurt so much."

Sandra got on all fours and I lubed up my rock-hard tool. Slowly I entered her.

"It's okay. It feels allright," she cried as her hands clenched the sheets. I could tell it was tough for her but I pressed on slowly burying myself inside her vice-like ass.

Once I was all the way in, I reached around to rub her clit but my hand bumped into the dildo.

"I want you to fuck your pussy with this while I fuck your ass."

"God baby! Do you like watching that big cock pound in and out my asshole? Do you like taking me like I'm your slutty fucking whore?"

Sandra took the dildo and hit the button making it buzz. Slowly I felt it take place alongside my own cock but inside her pussy. I let it rest inside her and began moving in and out watching her ass shake with every thrust of my hard meat. I was about to cum when Sandra gave up.

"Honey, I can't take any more. It's too big," she said. Her tears mingled with her sweat as she moved to take her cock back into her mouth.

"That's it, you slutty little girl. Clean off my cock with your mouth," I said as I slapped her lightly on the cheek.

"Harder! I want you to fuck me like a slut. Pound into my pussy!" she cried as she shoved me on my back and mounted me.

Her tight shaved pussy engulfed me completely and I felt her clench and seize up as her body took on the hurricane force orgasm.

"Fuck me lover. Cum inside me! Fill me up with your cum. Own me again!"

I poured myself into her as she collapsed on top of me in a sweaty heap.

We fell asleep in the bed and I awoke around midnight to pee and get a drink. I noticed a Rite-Aid bag on the sink and opened it. Inside was a pregnancy test. Perhaps for Jenn. I looked in the trash and saw an open box.

I removed the box and the test. I took the contents to the bedroom where Sandra was awake.

"Something you want to tell me?" I asked, holding the open test box in my hand.

"I was going to tell you in the morning. I wanted to be sure, though. I'm pregnant."