 Jennifer She knows how to treat a man

My wife Irene’s good friend Jennifer, who I call Jen, lost her husband to an aneurysm three years ago. We’re all in our late 50s, and retired. 

Jen is a lonely woman. Other than with a friend named Rebecca, and my wife, she doesn’t go out with anyone. Jen sees one or the other of them, at her house or theirs, every week or ten days. She always furnishes a home-made treat and coffee. It’s sometimes a pie, or a cake, or bread, or meatloaf sandwiches, or baked ham. She loves to cook, loves sharing, and loves company.

One day Jen invited Irene for lunch, but Irene declined, and offered to send me in her place. Jen agreed to the arrangement, as did I.

Jen is an attractive woman, with a good figure, nice breasts, and mile-long legs. She answered the door wearing a shortie robe. “Welcome to my home, Doug. Come in and have a drink with me before lunch.”

“I never pass up a chance to have a drink with a beautiful woman, Jen, so I’ll have scotch on the rocks if you have it.”

“When a good-looking hunk like you calls an old broad like me beautiful, it makes me think he wants to get in my panties.”

“Well, I sure as the devil wouldn’t mind that.”

“What if I’m not wearing any panties?”

“You aren’t?”

“I don’t have anything on under this robe.”

I gulped. I was more than ready for some sex, and I knew that Jen would lose interest if I used any crude language. So. I decided not to use words I normally would for body parts and sexual actions. “Do you mean what I think you mean, Jen?” 

“If you’re asking if I’d rather have sex with you than have that drink, my answer is yes, a very definite yes. I know you and Irene haven’t had physical contact for a long time, and I’m sure you’re fed up with masturbating.”

She opened her robe, threw her arms around my neck, and kissed me. Gazing into my eyes, she said, “Doug, darling, I’ve yearned to make out with you for years.” Her tongue invaded my mouth. When I put my tongue into her warm mouth, she sucked it, and started unbuttoning my shirt.

My cock strained against my fly. She squeezed it, and said, “Let’s go in the bedroom so I can suck this and have your tongue somewhere besides my mouth.”

Her breasts and nipples were even nicer than I had imagined. Her pubic hair was dark brown, and neatly trimmed. “I notice that you dye the hair on your head or the curls below,” I said.

“Don’t be a wise guy. Get your clothes off so I can see what you look like.”

“Having seen your forearms, I should have realized you wouldn’t be hairy like Bill. (That was her husband’s name.) Your cock isn’t as big as his was, But yours is gorgeous, and it’s not circumcised.”

“Irene once said it’s just the right size to get the whole thing in your mouth without gagging.”

We stood looking at each other for a minute. “Lay on the bed,” she said, “I’ve gotta suck that cute thing.” She did more than just suck it; she made love to it. My cock never had felt so good. When I ejaculated at least five huge spurts of sperm, she moaned with pleasure as she swallowed them.

Suddenly, she started crying. Deep sobs. Not knowing what was wrong, I thought perhaps the taste of me was offensive. I cradled her in my arms, murmured reassuring words, and lightly kissed her forehead. She continued to sob. Bewildered, I held her and rocked her.   

Finally, she sniffled and reached for the box of tissues on the nightstand. “I’m sorry, Doug, that was wonderful. I couldn’t help thinking how much Bill and I used to enjoy doing what we were doing It just got to me.” She sniffled, wiped her nose, and said, “Thank you for being so understanding. Now, I want to suck you again, because as I told you, ‘it was wonderful’. But this time I’ll give your cock and testicles even more loving. I love the way you taste and I want you to fill my mouth with your nice thick sperm.” She wasn’t kidding. The loving she gave my cock had me unloading my testicles into her mouth in less than a minute.

“I’ve had an orgasm each time you have, Doug. We’re both ready for more, but let’s tease ourselves by waiting, and go to the kitchen for that sandwich and a drink.”

She moved her chair next to mine, and held my hard cock while we ate. “It’s great to have your gorgeous cock where I can get to it so easily. I don’t want to miss this chance to play with it.” 

“You’re table grade, Jen, and I want to eat you. Go get a couple of pillows while I clear off the table.” When she returned, I slipped one pillow under her head and another under her bottom. I licked her puffy curl-coated lips, spread them, and lapped the pre-cum filling her vagina, sucked the fleshy hood that covered her clitoris, then gently licked and sucked her swollen clit. She moaned with pleasure as she had one orgasm after another. Her love juice was delicious. It always is, but it tastes different if she recently has eaten onions, the weather is hot and she’s perspiring, or if she’s had spicy chili.

“Hold your lips together, Jen, while I get on the table, Then kneel over my face so your warm love juice runs into my mouth.” She cheerfully obliged, and treated me to a deluge of her ejaculate.

“I want to suck you again, Doug, but I’d better call Irene before she starts to wonder what’s happened to you.” At the time, I wasn’t aware that she also called Barbara, and told her to “Get over here fast.”              

When Jen returned, she said, “I told Irene that you were fixing a shelf for me, and might be here for another hour. I’m tired of the kitchen. Let’s go in the living room so I can suck you again.” Once we were there, we wrapped our arms around each other, and kissed passionately. Her breasts and nipples flattened against my chest as my upright erection pressed against her stomach.

After several minutes, she knelt before me and took one then the other of my testicles into her mouth and gently sucked it. I told her that I was about to have an orgasm.. She put her lips around the head of my penis, and sucked for all she was worth. I exploded in her mouth. She was swallowing when the front door burst open, and Barbara entered. “Come look at these awesome testicles and this gorgeous penis, Barb,” Jen encouraged as she stood and cupped me.

I felt like a stud being offered at a horse auction. “May I suck you?” asked Barb.

“Sure,” I told her. “But I’m getting soft, and won’t be able to get hard again for quite some time.”

“Would you eat me? “ she asked.

“Gladly,” I told her. She took off her panties, pulled her skirt up around her waist, and laid on the floor with her legs spread. I put a pillow under her bottom and licked her pussy as she lowered her legs to my shoulders. I sucked her clitoris. She shook violently as she had a tremendous orgasm. 

“He sure eats pussy better than we do,” she said to Jen.

“I’ll say,” Jen agreed.

Barb’s pussy juice was very tasty, so when she asked me to suck her some more I readily agreed. She soon was squirming as her pussy muscles worked to produce a flood of smooth, slightly-salty love juice which I lapped and swallowed as fast as I could. They each laid beside me, with heads on my shoulder, and hands lovingly fondling my penis. I felt wonderful, and wished I could get rock-hard for them.

Jen said, “We’ll have to come up with something for Doug to repair at your house and mine. Whether or not it really needs repairing is unimportant as long as I can convince Irene that we need Doug’s help for a couple of hours.”

“Will you come over and have intercourse with us, Doug? And possibly some oral sex?” 

“Heavens, yes. But you better come up with something I’d have no trouble pretending I was fixing in case Irene decides to come along.

The plan worked, and about every month or so I got together with one or both of them. and we made exuberant love as often and for as long as we could..