 Chapter 6: Developing Interests

The rest of the week was comparatively uneventful for Jennifer. The only class she shared with Dan on Thursday was a long study hall in the afternoon, but they had no opportunity to sneak away as they'd hoped. And after school, Dan had football practice, which negated any plans they might have had for getting together for some fun. 

Now that Jennifer had exposed her true sexual self to Dan, he couldn't get his mind off her. He found himself walking around with an almost perpetual hard-on as he thought of her mouth on his cock, and the look of pure sexuality on her face as he came in her mouth.

He'd never met anyone who enjoyed sex on the level that Jennifer Grayson did. On one hand, she was the picture of demure innocence in the presence of others. On the other she was the consummate slut when they were alone. The way that she would tease him, flashing her panties or tits at him when she was certain no one was looking...the way she would run her hand over his hard on when they were hidden by a locker door... She had the ability to drive him absolutely crazy with lust and desire.

And that was exactly how Jennifer wanted it. She loved the look of desperate lust in Dan's eyes whenever they were together. She loved to tease, and over the years had become an expert at it, always very careful to do it only when she was certain they wouldn't be caught or noticed.

The result was that she was known as a regular "good girl" around school. Her beauty was certainly a factor when it came to other guys, but up to now she was only a fantasy for them. No one, other than Dan, knew the kind of slut she could be. Loved to be...

Jennifer was feeling a bit frustrated as she drove home Thursday. After the wonderful sex she'd enjoyed after school on Wednesday in Dan's living room, it was like she'd discovered a new level of awareness with in herself.

She'd always had a mental preoccupation with sex, but after the experience with Dan's father watching them as Dan came all over her face and tits, she couldn't get those hot images out of her mind.

She spent the evening moping around the house, flipping the TV on and off, rummaging through the refrigerator for something that wasn't there...until she finally decided to go off to her room. Maybe if she forced herself to sleep, she be able to relax a little.

It did her no good, though, for as she got undressed for bed, her thoughts continued to turn towards sex. And it didn't help to get her mind off it as she undressed.

Looking at herself in the mirror, she couldn't control her hands as the moved up over her firm tits, fondling and squeezing as she remembered the feeling of Dan's hot semen as he sprayed it over her face and chest. She stared into her own eyes, feeling almost out of control for the first time in her life.

The sound of the front door opening and closing jarred her back to reality as she heard her cousin Jeff yell out a greeting to his mom and dad. A smile grew on her face as she heard him coming up the steps. Standing naked in front of her mirror, she wished that she'd left the door open just a bit.

Regardless of their agreement not to "play" anymore, Jennifer couldn't help desiring a little "interaction" with her cousin. She heard him go into his own room as she reached for a short silk robe to put on. She really had to wrestle with herself to stop herself from slipping down the hallway...

His parents' bedroom suite was on the first level of the house, and they very rarely came upstairs. Jennifer's heated brain struggled between her desire and her agreement with Jeff. She knew very well that, if she teased him just enough, he would give in to her (and his) desires. But an agreement was an agreement, right?

Standing up once again, she moved to her closet. Maybe picking out an outfit to wear for tomorrow would get her mind off Jeff....

It only added to her dilemma, though. As she leafed through her clothes, her mind turned to Dan, and what she could wear to really turn him on during classes. They had chemistry lab again, and her mind recalled the last lab, when she'd spent most of the time stroking his hard cock behind the lab table. She began to fantasize about how far she'd be able to take things during tomorrows class, and soon was leaning against the racks of clothes, her hands moving over her breasts as she pictured her hand stroking up and down Dan's cock, picturing him shooting globs and globs of semen through the air as she jerked him off in class....

Would she wear her short black leather skirt that he seemed to love so much? It showed her long legs off very nicely, and she thought about the last time she'd had the opportunity to open her legs for him as he watched. The tight leather would give her the perfect opportunity for a repeat of that performance. But she couldn't decide between subtlety and slutty. Maybe it might be better to turn him on with her "innocent" look, she thought as she looked at a beige dress that buttoned up the front. It was perfectly demure when it was worn all buttoned up, but she also knew how hot it could look with just the right number of buttons undone... Her eyes went to her lingerie closet, and her mind began to spin again, thinking of what she could wear underneath... She knew Dan would appreciate her new ivory colored outfit. Lacy demi bra, garters, stockings, and matching lace panties that actually concealed very little...

Letting her fantasies flow, Jennifer slid her hand over her taught belly, running her fingers through her sparse pubic hair until she found the gentle folds of her pussy lips. She sighed deeply as she ran a finger between them, pushing up slightly into the moist tunnel beyond...

A light tapping on her door made Jennifer jump. Thinking it must have been her imagination, she stayed in her closet, her ears tuned for the sound. When it came again, she smiled to herself and moved silently out of the closet and to the door. Pressing her ear against it, she heard the soft padding of bare feet moving down the hall.

Gently opening the door, she peered into the hallway to see Jeff's form opening his own bedroom door.

"Jeff..." she whispered. She smiled as he quickly turned to look back at her. He was also dressed in his robe. He turned back to her quietly making his way to her door.

"I thought you were asleep." he whispered, "I didn't want to wake you..." Jennifer smiled as she saw his eyes drop to her breasts, covered with the thin silk of her robe. She knew her nipples were hard from her dreams and she found herself letting her excitement grow.

"Come in..." she whispered with a sexy grin. She stepped back and held her door open to him. She saw him hesitate for just a moment before entering her room. Obviously he was fighting the same urges as she was. This pleased Jennifer immensely.

"I just wanted to see if you had plans for tomorrow night..." Jeff stammered, fighting his desire to stare at her breasts. "Anne's going to be in town and we're going to go out. I thought it would be a good chance for you to meet her. Maybe you and Dan would like to double with us. Dinner and a movie maybe...."

Jennifer turned and walked towards the bed. Relaxing her grip on the front of her robe, she faced her cousin again with a wicked grin.

"Oh..." she said softly, teasing him a little. "I thought you just wanted to play a little..." She smiled at him, letting him know she was only teasing, but at the same time let her robe part slightly, revealing the inner slopes of her tits. Her smile widened as she saw Jeff's eyes rebel against his will and drop to her chest. Jennifer decided she should let him off the hook.

"Just kidding Jeff..." she laughed. "Dan and I would love to join you tomorrow! And I would love to finally meet Anne." She used both hands to close her robe tightly around her as she walked closer to her cousin. "I'm sorry I was teasing you. I won't do it again..."

Jeff shook his head and grinned down at her. "Well, to be honest, I kind of enjoyed it, Jen... You always were the best tease in the world..." Pleased with his compliment, Jennifer dropped her eyes to the front of Jeff's robe. His cock was growing as he stood there, pushing the cotton out in front of him.

"I'm glad you feel that way..." she whispered, unconsciously running her tongue over her lips. "It's nice to know my talents are appreciated..."

She looked back up to Jeff's face to see him grinning at her. She had a feeling his resolve was weakening along with hers.

"Well, you know...when you're the best, you're the best.." he chuckled, winking at her. Jennifer felt a small shiver run through her. Again her tongue poked out, running sexily over her upper lip.

"Better than Anne...?" she smiled, dropping her hands to her sides. Her robe opened in the front, stopped only by the belt that was loosely cinched around her waist. Putting her hands on her hips caused it to open further, exposing most of her breasts to Jeff's gaze. She dropped her eyes to his cock as she saw him look down at her breasts. She watched with an excited smile as it grew before her eyes, pushing out against his robe. She didn't make him answer her last question, knowing in her heart that it was a cheap shot. "Your cock is getting hard, isn't it...?" Jennifer whispered, bringing her hands to her belt. Hooking her thumbs into the thin rope of fabric, she looked into Jeff's eyes. 

"Wanna see...?" she teased, smiling at him. She could see his cock growing under his robe as he watched her, but he still didn't answer. His eyes though, were focused on her hands at her belt. Slowly pulling it apart, she walked forward, until she was standing only inches in front of him. At the last moment, she pulled the belt apart, letting her robe open.

Jeff took a deep breath as he saw Jennifer's tits come fully into view. As he dropped his eyes, he saw that she was naked under her robe, her fine patch of pubic hair only partially covering her lips. He released the breath in a long, resigned sigh.

Jennifer took his sigh to mean acceptance, and slowly reached her hand out. looking into Jeff's eyes as her fingers found their way inside his robe. When they closed around his full, thick hard-on, both of them let out a low moan.

Jeff stood there silently, his hands at his sides as Jennifer began to slowly stroke his hard cock. Neither of them said a word as se began to expertly manipulate his rod, running her fingers up and down in an underhanded grip. His eyes closed as he let her have her way.

Jennifer smiled to herself as she saw Jeff give in to her. The feel of his cock in her hand was exactly what she wanted. And a simple hand job wouldn't really be backing down from her promise, she rationalized. Just a little relief for both of them... She groaned lightly as she felt his hand sneaking between her thighs and adjusted her stance to allow his fingers to move higher. She sighed as they found her wet pussy lips and began to slide slowly up and down between them. Both of them were breathing hard as Jennifer bent her knees slightly, allowing Jeff's finger to part her lips and push inside.

Jeff thought that Jennifer was still a virgin, and used a technique he'd mastered to probe just deeply enough to drive her crazy... his middle finger inside her as his thumb teased her clit. Jennifer began to moan and quiver as his fingers worked their magic on her. Her hand was covered with pre-come and her stroking made slippery, wet sounds as she jerked him off.

She heard Jeff's breathing increase as she silently stroked him. She knew he wouldn't last long, and she determined to make this the best hand job he'd ever felt. She gripped him lightly, but used her thumb to spread his copious flow of pre-come over his head and shaft.

In her mind she was tempted to get on her knees and suck him off, but she fought the urge, knowing his agreement with his girlfriend. She merely stood in front of him running her hand up and down his shaft until he began to pant heavily. At the same time, she felt her own orgasm approaching from Jeff's fingerfucking.

When she felt his hips begin to move...slowly fucking his cock through her fingers, she smiled and looked up to see him staring down at her.

"Come for me..." she whispered, stepping closer, and squatting down further on his finger, forcing it deeper as she moved her hips against his hand. She brought his cock up, pressing it against her naked belly as she began to stroke him faster.

Jeff closed his eyes and let out a long groan. His cock bucked in Jennifer's tight grip and she grinned as she felt his cum racing up his shaft...through her fingers..and moaned as she felt it splash wetly against her belly.

"Oh...yeah..." she sighed, "come on me..come on my belly..oh yeah!" She almost cried out loud when she felt his hot cum spray against the undersides of her heaving tits. Looking down at his cock, she leaned forward. At the same time, she bent her knees, and pressed Jeff's spurting cockhead between her tits. Continuing to stroke him, she mewled like a kitten as he shot a last, thick stream of semen between her breasts. His finger began to fuck her in earnest now... his palm slapping against her mound as Jennifer fucked back, feeling her cum filling her pussy and pouring into Jeff's palm. She groaned low in her throat as he fingered her to a perfect orgasm...

Fighting the urge to take him into her mouth, she straightened up and looked at him. He was looking back at her...his eyes filled with a combination of love and lust.

"You are amazing, lady." he sighed, shivering as Jennifer continued to work her hand up and down his cum covered shaft. The sight of her cum smeared breasts made him moan low in his throat, and he turned his eyes back to hers. She was smiling excitedly, using her fingers to work his cum over his cock.

"I hope you don't mind..." Jennifer whispered. "I just couldn't resist..." Her concern was genuine, but it dissipated as Jeff smiled at her and ginned.

"You have no idea how much I needed that...." he chuckled. "I guess I just can't resist you, can I?"

Jennifer smiled back at him and released his cock from her grip. Stepping back a few paces, she looked down at her cum covered tits, then back to Jeff as she brought both hands up to massage his semen into her skin.

"You weren't too bad yourself, lover. You have very magical fingers, you know.... And I really needed that too....Mmmmmm......

"Anytime you feel "the need", lover, I'll be waiting here." she said sincerely. "Even if you just want to come in and jerk off on my tits...or my face..." She brought her hands to her face as she spoke, rubbing his semen into her cheeks.

"And you know how much I love you to come in my mouth..." she teased, running her tongue over her lips.

Jeff felt his cock growing again, and dropped his hand to encircle it, stroking it as he watched his young cousin fondling her tits in front of him. The two of them stood like that for quite a few moments, letting their minds soak in the sensuality of the other.

Finally Jennifer smiled and closed her robe, loving the sticky feel of his cum against the silk.

"You'd better go, before we get discovered..." she whispered, taking one last look at his hard-again cock. Jeff nodded and closed his robe also. He couldn't hide his hard-on, though. It stuck it in front of him like a flagpole.

Jennifer walked to the door and opened it slowly, peering outside to make certain the coast was clear. Seeing an empty hallway, she looked at him and smiled.

"Remember what I said" she whispered, kissing his cheek. "Anytime...anywhere...you just let me know..."

Jeff grinned and walked through the door. "Thanks Jen.." he whispered. "Tomorrow night...right?"

"Wouldn't miss it for the world!" Jen grinned. She closed her door and leaned against it.

At least now she'd be able to get some sleep. A lot of her frustration and a good part of her tension was gone now, as she climbed under her covers and turned out the light. The smell of Jeff's cum on her tits was wonderfully comforting. Her fingers traces through the residue, massaging...teasing...before sliding gently over her belly.

There was still a bit of tension that needed attention...an area that needed just a little more relief. She smiled as she slid her finger between her pussy lips. She even surprised herself when her orgasm was almost immediate. She pushed two fingers deep inside her and began to move them in and out.

She drifted off to sleep as she continued to masturbate. Her mind flashed images of Jeff and Dan...and Dan's father...standing around her naked form as she sucked one...then the other...then another... Her third orgasm washed over her as they all began to come as one...covering her entire body with thick wet rivers of semen... 

Jennifer drifted off to sleep, her hands still between her legs, and slept like a baby until her alarm woke her at six o'clock the next morning.

Feeling energized and alive, she bounced out of bed and headed for the shower. It was Friday!

And this young lady had some plans!!

* * * * *

Jennifer had decided to compromise in her manner of dress for the day. She'd chosen a simple khaki colored dress that buttoned up the front, and had chosen to leave all the buttons buttoned. The hemline reached just above her knees when she stood straight, but the dress was also loose enough o allow her to let it ride as high as she wanted. If she chose to...

She still felt incredibly sexy, though, as she drove the short distance to school. The reason for that was that Jennifer was completely naked underneath her dress. The cool air and the feeling of the khaki rubbing against her nipples was turning her on immensely. As she pulled up to a stoplight, she couldn't resist the urge to let her hand slide up her thigh. Letting her legs part, she ran her palm upwards until she felt her almost hairless pussy under her hand.

Closing her eyes and sighing to herself, she fondled her pussy, pushing hard against her clit as she moved it back and forth. The short, staccato bleat of a car horn brought her back to reality. Opening her eyes, she saw the light had changed, and she blushed as she pulled away, waving to the young man behind her. Her excitement continued to grow, though, as she pulled into the school parking lot and parked towards the back.

Giving herself a minute to relax, Jennifer leaned her head back against the headrest. The sun warmed her face as she fantasized about the day ahead of her. She pictured Dan, standing naked in front of her, his hard cock bobbing as he approached. She smiled as her mind's eyes pictured her hand reaching out to encircle Dan's prick.

She also fantasized about what might transpire tonight on their double date with Jeff and Anne.

Lost in her fantasy, Jennifer didn't hear the footsteps approaching her car. Picturing Dan's hard-on gliding through her soft fingers, her hand began to rove over the front of her dress, pausing to squeeze one, then the other.

"Doing okay...?" the questioning voice cut through her reverie. Jennifer's eyes snapped open to see a slightly familiar face smiling down at her. She recognized the boy, but couldn't put a name to the face.

"Uh...Todd Bridges..." the boy said hesitantly, recognizing the look on Jennifer's face. "I wanted to make sure you were alright..." 

His voice was sincere, and Jennifer smiled back at him as soon as she collected her thoughts. She realized that Todd was glancing at her hand that still cupped her left breast. Slowly, she moved it away and dropped it to her lap, pulling the hem of her dress down to cover up her exposed thighs. When she looked back at Todd, she saw he was blushing more than her. It was obvious that he'd discovered her in a moment of pleasure.

"I guess you caught me..." Jennifer said with a laugh. "I'm still waking up from a dream I had last night..."
