 Ah, serendipity!

Sometimes love bites you in the ass, but sometimes, sometimes a guy gets lucky and he has the problem of having too much love! Or two women who fell head over heels for him to be exact. Truly a good problem to have. 

Marci, who I met at a bar we were having a work function at. As it was dispersing, just striking up a conversation with her. Tall, dark, striking and with a wild head of natural hair and a great body. We went on a few dates over the course of two weeks, hit it off, and she wants commitment. Says I'm the most amazing man she's ever met.

Jennifer, whom I met from a dating app, an attractive blonde living in NYC straight from Santa Barbara. Killer body on her, about what you'd expect from a southern California native who loves to surf. Also head over heels in love with me, after I had dated her for three weeks between Marci. 

In separate conversations on consecutive days over dinner, in an honest exchange I laid out that while I was crazy for each of them, we weren't exclusive yet, and I was seeing another woman. Perhaps I should be concerned with just how much they wanted me, but they both proclaimed themselves the better women, and vehemently and passionately said they would do whatever it took to win me over. 

The most ethical thing to do would have been to think long and hard on who I liked better and let the other woman down easy, but I didn't know whom I liked better. Marci and Jennifer were both spectacular in my eyes. So I figured I'd be a little bit unethical, and I suggested to both of them a competition to win my love that would be held in my apartment. 

To my delight, they both agreed, and promised there would be no violence or cat fights when they met to compete to be my boo, my bae, etc. They wanted to know what the competition would be, but to prove their dedication I insisted they would only find out when they got to my apartment. 

Warning: it's going to be a little bit weird. But what I did tell them was to bring a change of clothing, wear a pair of jeans that weren't too dark, and a nice top. Marci had raised an eyebrow but said she'd do anything for me, and Jennifer, with her typical laid back SoCal cool would have went along with it if I had told her to wear a potato sack and show up with a half dozen wacky hats. 

The set up is complete, and I had cleaned up my apartment. On this fine Saturday, I requested that my beautiful gladiators show up at noon to my apartment to do (freaky) battle for my heart. Don't be late. And I was super-excited because my fantasy would come true. 

11:55 A.M. and my buzzer rings, and I page the lovely Marci up to my apartment. And she is resplendent, wearing a pair of levi's jeans, medium blue as requested, with a button up shirt, open at the throat to reveal some lovely cleavage. 

She went in for a kiss, but I placed a finger on her lips, "Ah, ah, Marci. You look lovely, but we must remain chaste today until things are decided." 

She pouted playfully, but smiled, and said, "Sure, sure...but I'm here first and five minutes early!"

And as if on cue, the toilet flushed and Jennifer stepped out of my bathroom, "Ah, you're Marci," she chirped, "Actually you were here second; I was here ten minutes early." Finishing with a mocking smile.

Marci looked her over, and proclaimed that she wasn't impressed. 

Cattiness aside, I was equally impressed with Jennifer. She looked amazing in a tight orange and white striped sweater and an equally and acceptably pair of Hollister blue jeans. 

Jennifer smirked in response, and just said, "Whatever."

Marci looked like she wanted to kill Jennifer then, but I interceded, "Ladies, ladies, no bloodshed - we'll settle this today peacefully. Now, Marci, if you have to go to the bathroom, at all, I suggest you use the toilet now, ok, darling?"

She eyed Jennifer wearily and headed to the bathroom. 

Jennifer, not being able to help herself, mocked, "If you're sure you want to leave me alone with Neil..."

"Sure, bitch, it'll be the last time you're alone with him. So, no worries." And closed the bathroom door to do her business.

Wow. Then tension in the air was thick. Jennifer stared at me with flirty eyes, but I remained aloof. I would make no further moves on either of them until the competition started. "I'm so much better than she is, Neil...and that language!"

"Ah ah ah, you'll have a chance, Jennifer, dear. Shh."

"I just want you is all!"

The toilet flushed, and a few seconds later Marci was at my side in the living room. Jennifer popped up from the couch to join us, but I backed away and told them to stay separate. "Marci, darling, you're great, and you look stunning, but can I trust you not to kill Jennifer? Will you be honorable?"

"Of course, Neil! But...yes, I'm sorry. I don't even know why I'm sweating this. I got this."

"Ok, I want the two of you to sit on the couch, at either end."

"Yes, love." Jennifer replied.

"Mmm, baby." Marci said. 

"Ok, good! So...the two of you. You know you are the two most amazing women on the planet, but I have to choose one of you because it's unfair to divide my love. Agreed?"

"Yes," they said in unison.

"And it's fair to say the two of you would do whatever I asked to have me to yourselves?"

"You know I would!" Marci exclaimed. 

"And I would do that, and more." Jennifer cooed, leaning forward and pressing her chest forward. 

Marci rolled her eyes, but I appreciated their vigor.

"Ok, good." I said, leaving the room and returning with four bath towels. I silently laid them down on the living room floor, in pairs about four feet apart as they both watched with curiosity. 

No use beating around the bush. "Ladies, I have a pee fetish." I confidently proclaimed, although a small part of me knew that that could be enough to shatter their love for me and get them running.

But, still, I forged ahead with my plan, confident in their adoration and love for me, and I was rewarded.

Jennifer didn't avert her gaze and enthusiastically proclaimed, "I'll pee for you if that's what you want. It'll be kind of fun. Something different!"

Marci, not to be deterred, "Mmmm...why even bother with her? You know I'll do it whenever. It's kind of flattering that you'd be into me so much, you're even into me peeing."

"That's what I like to hear," I replied. "We're going to have a hold-it contest, and you two ladies, who again, I must reiterate are the two most beautiful women in the universe, will have a battle of the bladders to win my heart."

Jennifer asked me if this was my deepest fantasy, and I replied it was.

"I'm super happy to do this then. Especially if it'll get rid of her finally!"

The dark cloud passed over Marci's face, again and I saw her mouth bitch but she remained calm and quiet. Instead she asked, "Ok, how does this work?"

"Glad you asked! This will be a multi-tiered competition. So, first of all, there will be the hold-it contest. Every fifteen minutes, you will each drink 8 oz. of iced tea. Simply, whoever pees their pants first loses...but, between drinks we will have rounds: one of which will be a Q and A, while the rest will be...hhhmmm,,. intimate appraisals."

"ooooh," Jennifer purred. 

"Darling, I'd pee my pants for you regardless, but I'll have no problem holding on." Marci said. 

"Good, Marci. If the winner should happen to wet herself also, it'd make me super happy, and it's not the end of the contest! Engineer that I am, I will be filling out score cards, and judge you on these appraisals between rounds: 25 points. Whoever holds on longest: 25 points. And, finally. Zero to 50 points for making me come. Winner of the hold it contest gets first chance to come into my bedroom; I'll take a 30 minute breather to get my mojo back, and then the loser will get a chance. Most points wins!"

Marci smiled, "This is crazy! In a good way, and it's totally going to make an awesome story between us when I sweep this thing."

"Pfft," retorted Jennifer, "you're going to wet yourself first, my body is better than yours, and I'm going to give him the most amazing orgasm when this is done, Neil. I want you so much baby, can we get started?"

"Let's do this!" I exclaimed. "Ok, ladies, another rule; You have to remain in the area that's covered by the towels. Not that I care too, too much if you were to pee on my carpet, but I want to keep an eye on you two. Ladies, take your places!"

I sat in a chair I had placed in front of and centered between their two areas. They both popped off the couch and Marci took her place to my left, and Jennifer to my right. 

"Can we take off our shoes? Asked Jennifer.

"Yes, that's probably a good idea." I said, and they both removed them, demurely. Jennifer had on a pair of brown flats, and Marci wore heels. And there they stood, beautiful, ready to do battle in front of me. 

"Are you ready for your first drink? I asked. I was excited, but tried to remain cool. 

"Yes," they replied together.

I hopped over to the kitchen, and filled two drinking glasses I had marked off to hold equal amounts of liquid. I poured some unsweetened iced tea filling them equally to the eight ounce mark, and brought the glasses to my loves.

"Drink up!"

I handed a glass to each of them, and admired Marci's graceful throat as she methodically drank her iced tea. Of Jennifer, I took some time to admire her chest bob up and down slightly with each gulp of iced tea she took. In under a minute, they had finished, and I took their glasses and set them on the coffee table.

"Excellent," I said, taking a seat. "Time for the verbal portion of our competition. Marci, how're you doing? You don't have to pee at all, yet, I assume?"

"No, darling. "

"Soon enough, though I'm sure."

She laughed, "Yeahhhh...I'll outlast her, but soon enough. It'll turn you on knowing I have to pee, hhhmmm?"

"Yes...yes it will."

"Ok, I'll let you know."

"That will be amazing. Ok, Marci, you have up to five minutes to tell me why I should choose you. Go."

".Oh Neil. Because I'm better in so many ways. And we're perfect together! I'm smart, and we make each other laugh. I love being with you, and we have so much fun whether it's just hanging out, or going to a play or a lecture somewhere. Something I'm sure bubblehead over there doesn't do."

"Oh, please; you're stupid lectures." Jennifer spat.

"Ladies! No interrupting. Jennifer, you'll get your chance." I intercepted before Marci tore into her.

"Sorry."

"Marci, go on," I said placating her.

"Thank you, Neil. I have better manners than...well I am very courteous. And oh God, I will make you so happy physically too." When she said that she moved her hands tantalizingly over her chest, down her stomach and ended lightly brushing herself between her legs. "Neil baby, you make me feel good, and I know I can make you feel realllly good. I am your dark Nubian princess, and Jennifer is just pale white bread. "

"Well spoken. Jennifer, I'm sure you have a response to that, but let me ask, do you have to pee at all?"

"I don't, but you'll know when I do though. I'm going to win this, but mmmm..I think you'll like it when I get a bit desperate."

"Oh yeah? What'll you do?"

"Well! I've been stuck waiting in lines at bars. I'll bounce up and down, cross my legs. Subtle, but you'll know!"

"Very nice, that is sexy. So, Jennifer, why should I pick you over Marci?"

"That black bitch? I'm sooo much better than she is Neil. Come on. I have a better body, I'm more fun. I won't drag you to those stupid lectures she thinks are so great. She thinks she's so smart, but she's not. I'm smarter than she is. What is she? A librarian? I'm a lab manager Neil. And I'm more athletic, so we can do all sorts of things outside. You loved it when we hung out at the beach. And we kissed...

"And geez, she wants to sit there and talk about her body. Please, I go to the gym all the time. My boobs are amazing." She gave a nice little push up motion when she said that. "And you know we'll have fun in bed, Neil. I could ride you all night long. I want you, and the idea of your cock inside of me...oh god..."

"Phew, getting a bit hot in here, ladies."

"It's all me." Marci said, confidently. "All me."

"Whatever," Jennifer returned.

"Well, you both made strong cases, and you're both spectacular in your own unique ways. Looks like we're ready for the second drink by the time I pour and get back here.

And with that I went to get the second round of iced tea. I returned to find my two lovely competitors standing primly on their towels, and I reflected how lucky I was to be in this position. I wanted them both and things were about to heat up a bit.

I handed a glass to Marci, then to Jennifer.

"You know what to do!"

"mmmm," said Marci before drinking her tea.

"Yep," Jennifer said, then drank hers. 

"Ok, ladies, you had your chance to make your case for my love, and from here on in, things will be physical. Are you ok with that?

"Of course!" Jennifer said.

"Ok with it? Neil, I need your hands on me now!" Marci said lustfully.

Damn it's good to be king I thought as my dick hardened a bit. 

"So," I said, "for this round, I'll be getting some action from the back section. I'll be playing with your butts. Jennifer's, then Marci's. Random order, I selected before we began," I said to cut off any objections.

I approached Jennifer, "Honest answer of course, do you have to pee at all?"

"I don't, honey. I'm sorry, but soon I'm sure!"

"I'm sure too. Now, if I may."

I walked around Jennifer and admired how great her ass looked in her jeans. I reached out with two hands, and fingers facing the floor, grabbed her ass, giving it a gentle squeeze. It was quite firm, but with pleasant give. I ran my hands up in tiny circles around her cheeks, and continued to squeeze. So nice. 

Finally, I removed my hands and stepped back.

"You like?" Jennifer asked sweetly.

"I do."

Marci huffed, but didn't say anything, and then I approached her, went around to her rear to admire her amazing ass, perhaps a bit larger than Jennifer's, but no less spectacular. She gave an enthusiastic little bounce, and I placed my hands on her ass, perhaps slightly wider, but still a treasure to hold. I passed another amazing few minutes massaging her butt, before sliding my hands in her pockets for a final squeeze and backing away. Marci didn't saying anything, but smiled at me as I sat down to admire the two of them for a minute. 

So amazing. Two amazing asses, and my dick was rock hard now. I hoped that I didn't come in my pants before the competition was over, because I was looking forward to one of them finishing me off while I had a huge load. I willed my dick down, and looked away from the battling goddesses then left to fill up another two glasses. It was time for round three. 

I left them standing there for but a moment as I returned with another eight ounces of iced tea marveling at how this cold beverage would soon be exiting their bodies as a warm essence, darkening their jeans, and transmutating into pure pleasure. 

They drank eagerly, and I let them know it pleased me to seem them so enthusiastic.

"Of course!" Jennifer said.

Marci didn't say anything, just smiled at me again.

"This is round 3, and for this round, I'll be getting even more intimate. For this round, I will be giving each of you a gentle breast massage. This is acceptable?"

"Damn straight it is, baby." Marci responded.

"You're going to love my tits!" Jennier exploded with confidence.

"As if," Marci responded, and would have said more if I hadn't cut her off with a motion of my hand.

"Ok, this round will see Marci up first! Now, Marci, you're getting the hang of this I'm sure. Be honest, do you have t pee at all?"

Marci bounced a bit, and said, "I do! I'm beginning to feel it a little bit."

"Awesome," I said, "Whisper in my ear just for the two of us, how bad, on a scale of 1 to 10 you have to go."

I went to her, and she leaned in, "I'm at a 3." She whispered.

"Good girl," I said, then facing her and looking her in her deep, beautiful brown eyes, I reached both my hands out, fingers to the ceiling this time, and placed them on her breasts, feeling them through the sheer material of her shirt. And oh God was it perfect. Her nipples were hard, and she was probably a D cup. I squeezed ever so gently, and pushed up slightly, causing a bit of a jiggle in her cleavage, visible where her cleavage emerged from her shirt. Mmmm...so much fun to just gently squeeze and massage her breasts as we got lost in each other's gaze. But, alas, our time was over for then, and Jennifer awaited. 

"Hi, Jennifer."

"Hi Neil." She pouted. "I wish you were touching me. You'll touch me now, won't you?"

"Of course, Jennifer. Tell me though, first. Tell me if you have t pee yet?"

"I do!! I started to feel the urge right after you stopped touching my butt." She giggled. "I was like, oh! I'm beginning to feel like I have to pee!"

"Whisper to me Jennifer. Scale of one to ten?"

She leaned in, "It's a four...iced tea always does it for me..."

"Mmmm,," I said, then with eagerness grabbed her breasts, gently, locking eyes with her. She had beautiful blue eyes, and I could have drowned in their warm seas. And ah, her breasts were amazing also. Her nipples weren't hard, but I took care of that as after my initial squeeze of her perfect chest, I rubbed them gently with my thumb. They responded almost instantly, eliciting a pleasurable groan from Jennifer. They were slightly smaller than Marci's but still a lovely handful and it was quite heavenly to just look at her and squeeze, squeeze, rub her breasts. Finally, after having given them equal time, I stepped away. 

"Be right back," I called leaving to bring them fresh glasses of iced tea to fill their bladders further.

I returned, and again they drank eagerly. So perfect.

"This will be the final round of our physical evaluations," I announced. "After this, you will continue to drink every fifteen minutes, but I will sit and enjoy the show as you struggle to hold on. Now, for this round, we'll engage in a tender kiss as I rub you between your legs gently."

"Ooooh!" Marci exclaimed, her hands going to her mouth and then laughing delightfully.

"Oh my god, that is hot." Jennifer said breathlessly. "Am I first this round?"

"You are. I'm looking forward to this quite a bit also." I said, walking to Jennifer. "Jennifer, tell me how you're doing?"

"Oh! I have to pee now, definitely. It just keeps getting a bit stronger, the urge to go!" She leaned in to whisper, "Don't tell Marci, but I'm at a 7. I hope she's at an 8!"

Out loud she said, "I'd totally use the toilet now if we weren't doing this, but I'm going to hold out." 

"Perfect," I said, then leaned in to kiss her. Her lips were receptive, moist, and tasted slightly of lavender. I placed my right hand between her legs and started to rub, getting a good feel because of how her tight jeans clung to her sex. I rubbed hard enough to make her moan slightly as we kissed, our tongues darting in and out. Breathlessly, we kissed for a few seconds more before it was Marci's turn. 

"And Marci, how are you doing?"

She smiled, perhaps a bit bashfully, "I have to pee pretty bad now. I...I can't believe how quick the urge built up...just a half hour ago, nothing! Now, I feel it and I...part of me wants to use the toilet, but I'll hold on, until she pisses herself, then I'll do it a hundred times better for you." She leaned in to tell me, "I'm at a 7 now sweetie." Then out loud, "Kiss me."

And I did. Her lips were a bit fuller than Jennifer's, and she kissed me hungrily, gasping with pleasure as I placed my hand between her legs and started to rub her sex. Her hips grinded a bit against my hand as I let my fingers play over where her jeans covered her crotch. Opposite of how I played it with Jennifer, I let them play over her sex more gently as if in response to her kissing me more greedily. A balance that I couldn't quite explain, but worked. Finally, we parted, and I sat in my chair, preparing for the hold it contest to finally end in a soaking. 
