 Jennifer strode down the curved staircase, the long, slim length of her legs emphasized by the sheen of sheer black stockings. Her hips were cocked forward, the silk of her panties rubbing against her receptive mound. Her mouth was slightly open and her tongue nervously moistened her glistening lips.

Alex watched with growing excitement as her short skirt swung sensuously across her tensing thighs. Her heavy breasts rolled insolently behind her white silk blouse, the rouged nipples hard and obvious, their only confinement the sheer blouse and the cobweb thin lace that was her camisole.

Alex stepped forward and took her hand as she left the staircase. The tension between them was strong, as the anticipation of this meeting had stirred them both. Neither spoke as he led her to the car, the dimmed interior beckoning and offering privacy as she stepped into the rear. Her skirt slid high showing the darkened top of her stocking, the creamy thigh cut by the thin black strap of her garter belt.

Jennifer settled on the cool leather seat and straightened her full skirt across her legs. There was no modesty in the gesture, she knew that Alex had glimpsed the flash of thigh and wanted his excitement to be heightened by this obvious concealment. As Alex slid in beside her she crossed one leg over the other, and her fine gold ankle chain caught the light of an overhanging street lamp.

She heard Alex catch his breath and then, after he had given his driver directions, he triggered the lock which sent the smoked glass partition hissing shut. The car noiselessly moved off and Jennifer sat, her body tensed expectantly, waiting.

Three hours before the day had seemed like any other. Jennifer had been clearing her desk ready to go home, when Alex had walked in.

"I was told you have some exclusive Italian leather gift lines, by Joan Paget. You know her of course?"

Jennifer started. Joan Paget? Of course she knew her. She and Joan had once been lovers.

She remembered lying naked across a large, round, pink, satin covered bed, and her heels scrabbling to grip the coverlet as Joan's tongue flicked at her open cunt, while the steady throb of the thin vibrator in her arse spurred her into climax after climax.

"Oh! .........Joan. How is she?

"Very well! She left for the States this morning."

Jennifer felt the familiar stirring. This man looked very attractive.

She took in the wide line of his shoulders, her eyes moving down across his hard stomach and resting on the tight hard knot that was his crutch.

"I'm sorry. My samples are all down at Double Bay. I'll have them back in the morning. Can I show you then?'

"Sure."

There was a long pause. Alex took in the full lines of her body, the

Long legs encased in denim fitting every crevice, her arse tight and rounded - offering promise of sexual fulfillment. Her full breasts rose and fell under the red and white striped top, their fullness partly obscured by the cascade of blonde hair which glistened in the late afternoon sun.

Alex felt his cock tighten.

"Joan said I would find you an interesting lady. She was right."

"How do you know?"

"I don't. Yet."

"Aren't you being a little presumptuous?"

Jennifer knew her protests were ineffectual. She wanted this man.

"Have dinner with me?"

"What is it you want?"

"I want it to be very special."

Jennifer softened.

"It will be."

The strong lights reflected off the swirling fog as the powerful car cruised through the darkened town. Alex leaned over and gripped her face with his hand, drawing her towards him. Jenny felt herself moisten and her knees fell open, her skirt falling back.

Alex covered her mouth with his, his long tongue flicking into her mouth, their breath meeting and blending in an outburst of pleasure. Alex pushed his hand under her skirt, sliding over her stocking top and cupping the wet lace on her cunt.

His fingers moved insistently on her mound feeling the opening of her panties still held closed by the thin black satin ties which hindered his progress. He pulled the end of the bow and felt the knot loosen. His finger slid through the gap, caressing the warm wet tangle at her entrance and flicking sensuously at the aroused erection of her clitoris.

Her breath caught in her throat at the ecstasy of his caress. She stretched out her gloved hand feeling for the hard rod of his cock which was pushing crookedly at his trousers. She found her target and her thumb swung backwards and forwards across the crown. She unclipped his belt and ran the zipper along the line of his cock, her knuckles caressing him all the way down.

Her hand moved into his fly and she gasped as she realised his cock was unfettered by underwear. 

His cock felt like warm steel and unable to wait any longer, she pulled him over her and buried his cock through her open black panties into her waiting cunt.

Their mouths crashed together, tongues and teeth battering, as their attacking groins forced against each other, the friction of their pubic hair oiled by the seeping fluids of their bodies.

Alex forced himself backward and slid his hands between the press of their bodies. His searching fingers found her nipples, hard and thrusting, and he squeezed and rolled them between the calloused pads of his thumbs and forefingers. He moved downward until his closing teeth gripped her nipple and the wetness from his mouth spread over her intervening blouse. His fingers worked at the buttons and when they were open he spread the lapels backwards to allow him freer access to her writhing body. The thin black lace of her camisole highlighted the crimsoned and erect points of her nipples, and as he slid the thin black straps aside, her large naked breasts pushed upward towards his mouth.

As Alex looked down he saw that each nipple was circled by a fine scarlet thread, pulled tight enough to hold its engorged captive erect, and his appreciation of this sensual insight caused his cock to kick and harden.

Jennifer felt the spasming of his body and pulled him upward to bury his cock to its limit. She felt its rounded head forcing at the neck of her womb and she struggled against the bunching of his trousers which interrupted her access to his body.

Quickly! Your trousers! Take them off!'

Alex withdrew, the hungry mouth of Jennifer's cunt fighting to hold him in its power. He undid the fastenings and in the awkward confines of the car pushed his pants down to his. ank1es. Jennifer, her eyes rolling and dilated with lust, moaned as his rampant rod slipped back into her satin sheath Her 1ong black stockinged legs stretched up and locked across his back, their silken sheen whispering their sensuous sibilance as they caressed his responsive trunk. As she lifted her writhing buttocks off the warm leather of the seat, his hands slid underneath her and shredded the black lace panties that hid his target.

Unhindered now, his fingers caressed the soft skin behind her cunt, until he found the clenching opening of her arse. The warm secretions of their fucking had run down her crack and they lubricated his access as he buried first one, then two and then three fingers into her welcoming arse.

He rode up high on her cunt, the hardness of his cock raking up and down her aroused clitoris, their pubic hair mingling with the closeness of their contact. Their hips locked together, with only their most intimate areas separating and grinding together. Alex feet bore into the plush carpet, levering him against her receptive cunt. Her arse was wet and open, sucking at his fingers, demanding relief.

Quickly he withdrew and, freeing himself from her legs' silken embrace, he turned her over. Her black skirt was bunched at her waist, the lace straps of her garter belt framing the perfection of her tail. Her fingers slid to her cunt and she began to caress herself as she writhed uncontrollably on the leather seat. Alex moved his cock to the opening of her arse, but as he pushed forward and began to enter her she suddenly pulled away, saying, "No! Wait!" 

Her eyes were wide and staring, her breath rough and uneven as she rolled to her side her skirt falling over her legs.

"Please", she said, "Not so quickly."

Alex, his cock, purple and tight, slumped against the back of the driver's seat, his teeth locked in a grimace of unsatisfied release. Jennifer slithered forward onto the floor, until her tongue flicked at the head of his cock. Then, surging forward, she sucked all of his immense weapon deep into her mouth. As she sucked, her tongue continued to stab and rub at the sensitive area at the back of his glans until Alex, rigid with anticipation and arousal, sank his fingers into her hair, pulled her mouth even further onto his bucking cock, and shot his sperm far into her throat. Jennifer, her own responses triggered by his projectile release, spasmed uncontrollably in climax.