 Chapter VII: Experimenting In The Lab

As Jennifer made her way towards the chem. Lab, her mind was whirling. She'd always been a cock-teaser, there was no denying that, nor was she anything but proud of it. She knew she was a great tease, and luckily, was attracted to guys who were attracted to teasing. 

What was giving her pause was the level at which her sexuality was expressing itself lately. She'd always been a tease, yes. But she'd never let it go beyond that, until these last few weeks. She was truly loving acting the slut with Dan and had always had a bit of that in her with her steadier boyfriends. Once she got to trust them that they wouldn't blab in the locker room, she was more than willing to open up, so to speak... And all of her boyfriends were made fully aware that if any word of their exploits made it into the boys' friendly war stories, that it would be the end of the line for them. That always seemed to keep them in line. And, even though she always hated moving from town to town with her family, she always enjoyed the fresh start she was able to achieve with a new school.

But now things were changing. She was changing, she realized. The way she'd brazenly sucked Dan off while fully aware of being watched by his father... the way she'd spread her legs and fingered herself as she watched him stroke his cock for her while Dan was in the other room... And, good lord! She'd just jerked a boy off in the entry foyer of their school! A boy she had hardly ever met before!!

She was definitely changing. And she knew she had to get a grip on her sexuality before she got out of control... She walked on towards the chem. Lab, thoughts racing through her head in a confused jumble. As she rounded the corner though, her mind shifted to Dan and she felt herself getting excited again. She paused and brought her hand to her nose, inhaling deeply the scent of Todd's thick semen clinging to her fingers. She smiled and made a quick stop in the restroom, washing her hands and drying them on a paper towel before returning to the hall.

Smiling to herself as she reached the lab, she came to a decision. Yes, she had some thinking to do. Soon. But right now she was planning on having some fun. She'd think more later... 

As luck would have it, Jennifer was the first to enter the chem lab that morning. There was still five minutes left in the period between classes, but she had her reasons for arriving early. The memory still burned in her sexy mind of her last conversations with Mr. Redfield, and how his eyes had wandered over her body as she teasingly stood before him. She'd enjoyed his attentions and knew that Redfield enjoyed looking. And her curious nature wouldn't let her stop wondering how far she could take him.

Swinging the door to the classroom open, she glanced inside, glad to see that she was, indeed the first to arrive. Her glee was short-lived though, as she realized that the room was truly deserted. Mr. Redfield was nowhere to be seen. Swallowing her disappointment, she flipped the lights on and walked to the rows of desks in front of his. Then as an afterthought, she turned and flipped the switches off again before sitting at a desk in the front row.

Staring ahead at the teacher's desk, she smiled as she imagined herself squatting under that desk and playing with her teacher's hard cock as he stood before it addressing the class. Her juices began to flow once again as she imagined how incredibly hot that would be. Closing her eyes, she allowed her hand to move over her breasts, tweaking her nipples through the material of her dress until they were hard as little pebbles.

Voices in the hall made her come to her senses, her first reaction to be tugging the hem of her skirt down to her knees. It wouldn't do to have students walk in and see her legs exposed in the front row. She certainly understood the need for discretion. Especially now.

When no one entered though, Jennifer tuned her ears to the door. She recognized the voice of Mr. Redfield and a female teacher in the hall. When she heard Redfield say he would meet the teacher for lunch, then say good-bye, her smile returned.

Reaching down to her skirt, she scooted down in her seat. At the same time she hiked her hem over her thighs. Not enough to look obvious, but just enough to expose a delicious expanse of thigh flesh. She kept one hand on her thigh, just in case Mr. Redfield wasn't alone, prepared to quickly pull her skirt down. With the other hand, she opened her chemistry text book in front of her and pretended to be reading as the door swung open.

Jennifer grinned when she saw that Mr. Redfield was, indeed alone. Not noticing her at first, he reached out and switched the lights on. As the room was bathed in bright fluorescent light, Redfield stopped dead in his tracks as he noticed her sitting there. His eyes flew open in surprise, then a smile crept over his handsome features. "Good lord! Miss Grayson!" he cried, "You almost gave me a heart attack!" His voice was kidding, and he brought a hand up to his chest, as if in pain. His eyes, though, immediately dropped to Jennifer's legs, and the smile remained on his face.

"I didn't mean to shock you, Mr. Redfield.." Jennifer said innocently. "I just figured I'd brush up a little while I waited for class to start." Smiling at the young teacher, she slowly uncrossed her legs, then re-crossed them just as slowly, making certain he caught a tasty glimpse of her inner thighs.

"Studying in the dark?" he chuckled, regaining some of his composure. He walked to his desk and set his briefcase on top of it before turning back to the young vixen. "You won't learn much that way, I'm afraid." He leaned back against his desk and smiled at her, his eyes returning to her long legs under her desk.

"On the contrary, Mr. Redfield," Jennifer grinned sexily. "I've learned an awful lot of things in the dark..." 

Her teacher's eyes narrowed as a grin broke over his face. Jennifer saw his eyes drop to her legs again, and she slowly uncrossed them, this time leaving both feet flat on the floor. Leaning back into her seat, she let her thigh muscles relax, allowing her legs to part just enough to tease him. Dropping one arm to her side, she leaned her chin into the upturned palm of her other hand and smiled at him coyly.

"Although I prefer to do it with the lights on..." she grinned. "Studying, I mean..." Her innuendo was quite obvious, and her young face radiated sexual challenge.

Her teacher grinned back at her and nodded thoughtfully. His eyes drifted over her thighs, then up to her breasts, before returning to her face. Jennifer's teasing was working better than she'd hoped. When she was certain he was looking at her eyes, she slowly dropped them to his crotch and was rewarded with the sight of a sizable bulge pushing out from the front of his trousers. She was obviously turning this guy on, and in turn turning herself on immensely in the process.

She turned slightly to look at the clock on the wall, the movement causing her skirt to hike even higher. She saw that she had about three minutes before the first bell signaling the start of class. Turning back to her teacher, she smiled. His eyes were locked on her legs now, and his cock seemed to be fully hard, pushing the front of his pants in her direction.

"I'm sorry we don't have more time to study..." Jennifer breathed, looking obviously at his hard cock once more. "Not any sorrier than I am, Miss Grayson." he said, his throat suddenly very dry. "I've enjoyed our chat very much, but you should probably return to your own desk. Someone might get upset if they caught you...uh...in the wrong desk..."

Jennifer grinned at his words. She smiled at him and nodded. "You right, of course. But you should know that I'd never let that happen." She looked longingly at his hard cock again. "Let someone catch me at the wrong desk, I mean..." He nodded, letting her know he understood what she'd said.

They looked at each other for a few seconds, mentally communicating their respective desires, until the young teacher moved his eyes lower to steal one last look at Jennifer's legs.

When she saw his eyes drop, Jennifer seized the opportunity. Sliding one leg out from under the desk, she used one hand to gather her books while the other crept into her lap. Sliding slowly from the chair, Jennifer let her skirt ride up almost to her waist. But instead of standing she held her pose, letting the young man look directly up her skirt. She grinned as his eyes widened to the size of saucers. She knew he could see her lack of panties, and her heart beat wildly as she brazenly exposed herself to him.

Jennifer let her legs spread just a little wider before calmly gathering her books together and standing in front of him.

"I'm going back to my desk now..." she whispered. Redfield was struck dumb by what he'd just seen. He didn't even nod. Jennifer grinned at the effect she was having on him. She couldn't resist one parting shot.

"Although I was thinking how hot it would be to spend some time under your desk...." she breathed. Her teacher's eyes snapped up to look into hers and she smiled sexily, running her tongue wetly over her full lips. He groaned low in his throat as his eyes narrowed lustfully.

Again hearing voices in the hall, Jennifer winked at her teacher and raised her eyebrows like Groucho Marx. "Soon..." she whispered as she turned towards her desk.

Turning just her head back to him, she dropped her eyes to his prominent bulge. "You'd better get to your own desk, Mr. Redfield. You look like you've been studying..."

The young teacher looked down at his condition and grinned as his face turned red. He hurriedly walked around his desk and sat in his chair just as the first wave of students pushed noisily through the door.

Jennifer grinned to herself as she took her seat. Her skirt remained demurely at her knees as she waited for Dan to get there. This was turning into quite the day, she thought to herself with a grin!

* * * * *

Jennifer had a very hard time concentrating on her studies. Her whole body was still tingling from her adventures so early in the morning and her mind was focused on sex. Raising her hand to her face, she could still capture the smell of Todd Bridges cum on her fingers, the musky odor only stoking her already blazing lust fire. She looked through her fingers at Dan, who was trying a little harder than she was to concentrate on class. She was disappointed that he wasn't turned in her direction. She would have loved to have been able to tease him a little bit...

Directing her attention to Mr. Redfield, she saw that he was having his own problems concentrating. He was stumbling over his words as he addressed the class, and Jennifer saw that he was making a serious effort to avoid looking in her direction. She smiled, knowing that he was probably thinking more about her legs than about what he was talking about. The growing feeling of power she was developing made her giddy with happiness.

Redfield, it seemed was beyond salvaging much of the class and he realized it. As hard as he tried, he couldn't get his mind of Jennifer Grayson and the way she'd so obviously opened her legs in front of him. The totally sexual way she was acting, and then the way she'd exposed her lack of panties to him had almost made him shoot off right there inside his pants. The girl was so fucking hot, and obviously knew what she was doing.

He knew he had to watch himself. to get involved with a student, even for one time, could mean the end of his career as a teacher. He was almost ten years at this school. He couldn't blow this by letting his cock think for him.

Nonetheless, his cock seemed to have a mind all it's own. It was still fully hard inside his pants, making him direct his class from his desk, his chair drawn up tightly to it just in case someone happened to approach. He read from the text book in a drab monotone, but his mind kept whirling around with visions of Jennifer's long legs stretched out in front of him.

Occasionally he allowed himself a quick glance in her direction and, even though his view was partly blocked by the desks in front of her, she was sitting sideways in her seat, and he caught fleeting glances of her lovely legs just past her knees. In his mind, he wondered how much of her legs were exposed right then. And he wondered just what it would be like to see Jennifer Grayson on those knees in front of him, taking his hard cock into her mouth as her teasing eyes looked up at him....

"Mr. Redfield? Mr. Redfield!?" A voice cut into his reverie. He realized that he'd stopped reading and was sitting at his desk with a dazed expression on his face.

"Oh...uh...thanks..uh..sorry..." he stammered, feeling his face turning red. "I'm having a little trouble concentrating today, folks." He sat back and tried to smile at his class. He realized that it was useless to try to continue.

"Hey, I'll tell you what, folks..." he said, getting control once more. "This chapter is pretty boring anyway." The class laughed and applauded his admission. He grinned at their response and continued.

"Especially for a beautiful Friday morning." Again he was greeted with whistles and applause, making his grin grow wider. 

"How about we just close these things up and head to the lab. It's a lot more fun to do it than to just talk about it." The class responded enthusiastically to his suggestion and the room filled with the sound of books being slammed shut. He stole another glance at Jennifer and saw her grinning back at him, her tongue running over her top lip. Obviously she'd caught his double meaning.

"Then, maybe we can get out of this place a little early today." he concluded. His last statement was greeted with loud cheers and applause until he motioned for everyone to calm down. "We don't need to tell the world about it." he cautioned. "Everyone head over to the lab, and try not to blow anything up until I get there. Just get your equipment ready for today's experiments, and don't' forget your lab coats."

The class jumped up en mass, flooding the aisles as they headed for the door. "And your goggles!" he shouted after them.

He smiled to himself, glad that his little talk had gotten his mind off sex, if only for a minute, and allowed his cock to go down to a manageable level. Still, he watched the class filter out from behind his desk. He was concerned that he might have left a spot on the front from his leaking pre-come. As he gathered up his books, he looked up to see Jennifer still at her desk. She was talking with Dan, laughing at some joke, but her eyes flicked over to his and she winked before turning back to her boyfriend. Redfield sighed, feeling his cock begin to inflate with just that quick look. He was in serious trouble with this girl, and she seemed to delight in torturing him.

Leaning back in his chair, he treated himself to a long look at Jennifer's crossed legs, most of them exposed under her desk. He knew that Jennifer was most likely fucking and sucking her boyfriend, and he envied the boy.

Then, looking up at the clock, he realized that he'd better be getting over to the lab before someone decided to start mixing the wrong things together.

"Well I'm guessing you two have stayed to help me carry my things to the lab...right?" he said in his best teacher voice. Dan turned and looked at him with a winning smile and turned to face the front.

"Uh...that's correct, Mr. Redfield. Anything to earn a few extra points." He laughed and turned to Jennifer. "See you in the lab, gorgeous...I'll save you a place at my table..." She gave him a dazzling smile, then slowly began to gather her books together. 

"I hope this means an "A" " Dan kidded as Redfield handed him a box full of electronic devices. Redfield grinned and nodded.

"At least an A..." he chuckled, "And I'll see about that scholarship to Yale also. Tell the class to untie each other and get to work. I'll be there in a minute."

"It's Princeton, and I'll tell them I'm in charge until you get there." , Dan laughed, heading for the door. As it swung shut behind him, Redfield turned his attention back to Jennifer. Her head was down as she picked up her books, but she knew darn well he was watching her as she slid from behind her desk. She moved slowly, letting her skirt ride to her waist as she slid across the chair.

Redfield moaned to himself as he drank in the sight of her long legs, then again as her closely cropped pussy hair came into view. Jennifer paused at the edge of her chair and looked up, meeting his hot gaze with her own. His eyes bobbed back and forth between her face and her nakedness.

"I guess I forgot to wear something today..." Jennifer said in a sultry voice, feeling her own heat rising under his gaze.

"Garter belt and stockings, maybe..." Redfield whispered. "Other than that, you're perfect..."

Jennifer grinned at his compliment and stood up, letting her skirt cascade over her legs. "I'm glad you like." she said, walking slowly towards his desk. "Dan likes it when I wear a garter belt, too. I like dressing up for him...it makes his cock really hard...." She stood in front of him, leaning slightly over the desk. "I like his cock to be as hard as it can be when I suck him off...."

Redfield groaned as her words entered his ears. Moving his eyes from her full breasts, where he'd been focusing, he looked her in the eye.

"You're making me crazy, Jennifer. You know that, don't you?"

She grinned and nodded, using her sexy tongue to trace circles around her lips. "Uh huh..." she whispered, "but I think your enjoying it, aren't you?" She stepped back as he pushed his chair back and stood up. 

"What do you think?" he rasped. Jennifer's eyes dropped to her teacher's crotch and they narrowed as she saw the immense hard-on pushing out the front of his pants.

"I think you need some relief..." she breathed, staring at his cock with a growing excitement. Holding her books with one hand she allowed her other hand to move slowly over her braless tits, feeling her heart pump as her fingers brushed her nipples. Looking up, she saw Mr. Redfield watching her hand fondle her tits. He was definitely a "watcher" and she liked that. Dan liked to watch her play with herself, and she'd learned to use her show to turn him into jelly.

Smiling, she watched Redfield's excitement as she squeezed each breast in turn, then moved her finger to the top button of her dress.

"Do you think I have nice tits?" she teased, undoing the button. Redfield only moaned softly, his eyes fixed on her fingers. Jennifer took that to be an affirmation and moved to the second button, quickly undoing it and sliding her fingers inside the opening. She was getting extremely turned on by her own actions. The way she was turning Mr. Redfield on was making her own excitement grow.

Neither of them said a word. They were both lost in time, oblivious to anything but their own growing need. But as Jennifer undid the third button on her dress, exposing the tops of her full, round breasts, the sound of the bell brought them both back to reality.

"Good lord!" Redfield moaned. "I have a class waiting for me." He looked down at his hard-on, realizing that he needed a few minutes to "recover" before he walked in front of a group of students.

"We'd better continue this some other time, Jennifer." he sighed resignedly. "If we don't get in there...and get in there now...we're both going to regret it.

Jennifer smiled and nodded, knowing he was right. Leaning over the desk towards him, she pushed her shoulders together, giving him a look down the inside of her dress. "I'll have to show you these later, then..." she purred. "I think you'll approve..." Then, standing up straight, she set her books on the desk and used both hands to button her top.
