 "Good Morning, this is Richard, how may I help you?" I said as my phone rang early one afternoon.

"You can help me by coming over to the apartment, and fucking me. Think you can handle that?"

"May I ask who's calling?" I said, laughing, knowing full good and well it was Jennifer.

"Very funny, smart ass! Do you get many calls like this?"

"Not as many as I would like." I said still laughing.

"All right, wise guy. Get over here, and bring your dick. By the way, be hard when you open the door". And then I heard a click as she hung up.

It was the 3rd month of my continuing affair with Jennifer. She was a real piece of work, I happily thought to myself as I drove to the apartment. She had a hi-rise condo overlooking Chesapeake Bay that she had rented specifically to have a place to herself. We were both married, and though our "other" lives were not bad, neither of us was happy with our married sex lives. Actually, were it not for the other, neither of us would have a married sex life! It was sort of a symbiotic relationship, I thought. Like one of those little fish that live attached to a shark, what the heck is their name...Remora!!! Yeah!! That's it! But I bet this is a lot more fun, I thought with a smile.

Jennifer was incredibly intelligent, witty, and very professional. She was the managing director of a large investment firm. Her workdays were full, as were mine, but we usually managed to find time for one another. She was also extremely attractive. Raven hair, deep blue eyes, tall and willowy. Her breasts were not overly large, but enough to give her a nice shape. Oddly enough, she was not one of those women that just exuded sexuality. She always dressed conservatively, though femininely. When you first looked at her, although you knew she was very attractive, she was not one of those women who immediately struck you as the kind that would be a handful in bed. Boy, I thought, was that impression wrong!!! She was a real tiger! In the three months that we had been together, we had taken each other to places in our sexuality that I would have scarcely believed existed before I met her.

Recently, I had discovered one facet of personality that I found most exciting. Whenever she closed a deal for her firm, it sexually excited her. And the bigger the deal, the more aroused she was. It was most unusual, I thought, but sexy in a weird sort of way. Sometimes, if we couldn't get together, she would call me from her office just after her clients left, and we would have phone sex. She once told me that her panties would get wet when it became clear that a deal was going to go through. As I drove to her condo, I realized for her to call me like this, during the middle of the day, meant this must have been a real serious deal. Well, good for her, I thought. Her successes always made me proud. I was not one of those men who couldn't stand to see a woman who was successful.

I arrived in the parking lot of her building, and walked into the lobby. As I walked past the doorman he smiled and said "Good Afternoon", Mr. Callaghan." She must have called down and told them to expect me. As I entered the elevator and pressed the button for the 16th floor, I could feel the arousal building inside me. As I thought of the sexual adventures lay ahead, I knew it was going to be a most enjoyable afternoon!!. "Well, she said, be hard when I got here, this will definitely qualify, I thought. My penis was as hard as a rock inside my trousers. She never failed to arouse me intensely, and we both knew it.

I opened the door to the condo to find her sitting on the floor on a futon; a silver vibrator was slowly working its way in and out of her dripping pussy, as she watched me enter the room.

"Hi Beautiful," I said.

"Hi Lover, she replied., and why aren't you naked?" were the next words out of her mouth.

"I'm working on it," I said as I threw my suit coat onto the couch and began pulling off my tie. She started pulling my pants down, as I slipped off my shoes.

"Oh Richard, I've needed you so badly this morning. My panties have been soaking all morning thinking about you. I need your cock in me, and I mean right now!!"

"Ah-ha! I said. Closed a big deal this morning did we?" I loved teasing her about the fact that she got aroused when she closed a deal. By now the rest of my clothes were in a pile on the floor, and I was on the futon with her. She rolled over onto her stomach, and raised her beautiful ass up towards my hard-on.

"Stop talking and put your dick in me!! Fuck me Richard, she commanded. Fuck me right now!" I had never met a woman who was as sexually aggressive as she was, and God, how I loved it!! Needless to say, I needed no further encouragement. I reached down to her pussy, and found that she was literally dripping wet. I spread her lips, and slid my cock in her up to the hilt.

"Oh God, she said. I've been waiting all morning for that." She took her vibrator and began rubbing it around my balls, as I started moving in and out. I could feel the vibrations all through my dick as we fucked each other. I hadn't been screwing her for 30 seconds yet, when she started to cum.

"Oh yes.... oh God, Richard, I'm going to cum. I was almost ready to cum when you got here.... harder... oh yes, fuck me harder.” I started fucking her hard. I held her by her hips, and began banging my cock into her. Hot, wet, squishy sounds and the smell of our sex filled the air, and I realized I was beginning the fuck of a lifetime.

“Harder!! Richard!! Oh my God…..fuck me harder!!! She cried..Oh Jesus……please make me cum!!!! She had moved the vibrator around to her clitoris, and I could feel the walls of her pussy tightening around my cock, a sure sign that she was about to climax. By this time, it all I could do not to dump my load in her at that moment. She had aroused me beyond anything I could have previously imagined. I began pumping her as hard as I could, holding her by the shoulders as I banged her. The sound of her cries of pleasure and the feeling of my balls slapping against her sent me over the top.

"Oh Jen...I'm cumming too...oh yes!! Oh God.... NOW!!! We came together, and it was a wonderful feeling. Her orgasms always seemed so powerful, that at first they scared me a bit. She would hold her breath, and make noises that seemed to come from the very depths of her soul as she climaxed. It always turned me on to hear her, and I began to enjoy watching her cum. She collapsed on the futon, and I rolled off of her. I rolled her over on her back, and wiped my cum out of her dripping pussy with a towel that was standing by. Afterwards, she laid her head on my chest and we just basked in the glow of the moment. After a couple of minutes, we had caught our breath, and her hand snaked its way down my stomach to my still wet cock.

"Well, that certainly took the edge off, but we're not done yet." She said. You didn't have any plans to go back to work did you?"

"Hmm...I guess there's nothing that won't wait."

"Good. How about we spend the whole afternoon here fucking each other's brains out?"

"Well"...and I paused for a moment...OK. If you insist. Sigh." I was immediately rewarded for my smart-ass remark with a light cuff on the head.

"Wise guy!" Well, let me see if I can convince you that it's worth your while to stay here.

With those words, she got up from the futon, and held out her hand. I took it, and she led me over to a large overstuffed chair that was in the bedroom. She turned me around and sat me down in the chair. She climbed up on my lap, straddling me, and put one of her long, lovely nipples directly in front of my lips. Again, I needed no further encouragement, and began to lick and suck on it. While my hands (and lips) were otherwise occupied, she reached under the seat cushion and pulled out a couple of silk ties. She got off me, and began to tie one tie to each of my wrists. This was something I hadn't seen before, and frankly, I wasn't sure it was such a good idea. I started to protest, and she pressed her fingers over my lips.

"Shhh.... darling, it's all right." She said. I promise that this will be only wonderful, and you must trust me." I thought about all of this for a moment.

"Jen, I do trust you, but just so long as we're clear about things, I'm not into pain. Either giving or receiving."

"Neither am I, she said. I promise, nothing bad will happen here. I just want to give you a little show".

"Hmm...sounds like it could be interesting".

"I guarantee it."

She tied both of my hands to the legs of the chair. She leaned over the back of the chair, and dangled her luscious breasts right in front of my face. I leaned forward to take one of her nipples in my mouth. I started to suck on it, when she pulled it away, and smiled at me. She then climbed back onto my lap and started rubbing her pussy on my now hard cock. She began rubbing her clit up and down on my throbbing dick, but wouldn't let me slip inside of her.

She was breathing heavy as she masturbated herself on my cock. I kept trying to move my dick to get inside her, but she wouldn't let me. She was smiling at me as she teased me,

"What's the matter, sweetheart, are we getting a little horny now?"

"Oh God, Jen, I'm dying. Untie me and let's fuck!"

"Hmm.... soon, Lover, but not yet. I think you need a little more encouragement." And with that she dropped to her knees in front of me. She started licking my cock up and down like it was a lollypop. She then worked her way down and started gently sucking my balls, first one then the other. She was licking the tip hard while she jacked me up and down. I thought I had died and gone to heaven it felt so good. She continued to tease me and talk sexy to me.

"Mmmmm...baby, you taste good. Do you like it when I suck your balls?" Do you want to cum in my mouth? You know I love having you cum in my mouth."

"Oh God, Jen....yes." “Do you want to fuck my mouth?” I’ll bet you do….” 

Then she really gave me the big surprise. She got up off her knees, and walked out of the room. I was still tied to the chair, and as I sat there with my huge hard-on, I desperately hoped she was planning on coming back!!! Fortunately, she walked back into the bedroom with her vibrator. She stood right in front of me, with her soaking wet pussy only inches from my mouth. She leaned over and started kissing me while she was rubbing the vibrator all over her clitoris. She straightened back up, and then started fucking herself with the silver tool in earnest. My face was literally inches from the action, and it was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. I could hear her moaning and panting as she fucked herself, but I couldn't touch her. It was incredibly frustrating, and incredibly sexy. The noises she was making led me to believe that she was about to cum. She was pushing the vibrator in and out, and I could hear the sloppy noises it made as she masturbated herself with that tool. She let out an animal like sound, and came. She slowed down the motions, but I could tell she wasn't done yet. She opened her eyes, and said,

"Mmm..that was nice…but does my lover want to cum with me?" She was still rubbing the vibrator all around her clit. I could see the juices running out of her pussy and down her leg. By this point she had pretty much reduced me to a drooling idiot.

"Oh yes...please, Jen...let me cum now."

"Do you want to?"

"Oh God, yes!!'

She reached down and untied my bonds. After she untied me, we stumbled over to the bed and then lay down upon it, and began fucking herself again with the vibrator. Then she said,

"I want you to cum with me Richard, but I want to watch you. Jack yourself off and cum on my tits! I want to see you cum!! At this point she had me so horny that I would have agreed to drag my balls over ten miles of ground glass had she asked. I immediately got up to a kneeling position over her. My cock was slick from her juices, and the pre-cum that was leaking out of it. I started to stroke myself kneeling right over her, as she put the vibrator right on her clitoris, and then started running two fingers in and out of her pussy. I could feel the orgasm swelling up inside me;

"Jen...Oh God Jen... I'm cumming!!

"Me too..Richard., I'm going to cum so hard...Oh yes...Oh!! OH!!! GOD!!!!!...

I spurted hot, sticky cum all over her breasts. She was cumming so hard, I could scarcely believe it. I pumped my cock until every drop I had was on her beautiful breasts. I finally collapsed on the bed next to her. We were both in shock. Finally, she said,

"Oh my God. I can't believe we did that!! Are we weird?" She was laughing.

"Me either!!" And if we are weird, I don't care! That was unbelievable!!"

And we just lay there. Spent, and happy. It was a perfect relationship.