 Jenny should have been feeling elated, she had planned to have the best weekend of her life and it had all gone badly wrong. She smiled brightly as she waved her parents off on their first holiday alone together for eighteen years, but the smile faded as she turned sadly back into the empty house.

Her brother John had moved out the previous week, having got a job on the other side of the country. She would miss him, of course, but she had been delighted to be able to move into his old room, a large attic at the very top of the house, which afforded the occupant an extra degree of privacy from the other residents. Her father had helped her to lug her dressing – table and sofa up the narrow stairs, now all she had to do was move her clothes, books and other stuff up there. It should have been an enjoyable task, she had long coveted John his spacious room, but she went about the job mechanically, turning over in her mind the events of the previous evening when she had walked out on Jamie. Now, instead of having him all to herself in the empty house, she would be alone. It wasn't as if she had any friends she could talk to about it, she was a painfully shy girl and tended to avoid the kind of close, girly relationships, which seemed so common between many of her peers.

Jamie and she had met at the music library. She had wanted a score of the Mozart clarinet concerto, but the librarian told her that it was being used at that moment by another reader, and pointed towards a lean young man with tousled blonde hair, bent over a score at a nearby table. Normally Jenny wouldn't have dreamed of approaching a stranger, but she just had to get a copy of the score for a music exam. So, she plucked up her courage and politely introduced herself and asked if she could use the score when he was done. It turned out that he was taking the same exam at another college and they struck up a conversation about the course. By the end of that day, they had agreed to work on the Mozart score together and by the time the exam came round, they were in love.

Jenny had had only a few, short experiences of boys. Not that there had been any shortage of admirers, her slender figure, silky brown hair and an air of fragility ensured that she was much in demand, but she was shy and rebuffed most advances. Jenny was a virgin and had decided to stay that way until she was married. She had fended off the advances of all her previous dates, which was why they hadn't come back for more. With Jamie, it was different. If anything, he was even shyer and less sure of himself than she. He frankly admitted that he too was a virgin and whilst it was painfully clear that he desired her physically, he just as clearly had no idea how to proceed. 

As a result, she found herself leading the way, making advances to him, encouraging him to touch and caress her. She it was who had first taken his hand and placed it upon her breast, she who had laid her hand boldly on the front of his pants, she who had initiated all their love – making. But she would not allow him to penetrate her, she was adamant that she would remain a virgin until her wedding night.

About six months previously, they had discovered oral sex. Once again, it was she who had bent her head the first time to take his rigid, salty penis into her mouth, suck it and move her head up and down the thick shaft until, with a cry, he had come in her mouth. For the first time, she had experienced the shock of his semen hitting the back of her throat and the salty flood filling her mouth. As she'd swallowed the salt tide, a surge of emotion swept through her, she had felt as if, by drinking his seed, she were binding him somehow closer to her. 

She hadn't needed to encourage him to reciprocate though. As soon as his cock slipped from between her lips, he had rolled her onto her back and ducked his head between her thighs. She had felt the delicious sensation of his tongue sliding between the lips of her sex, darting around the entrance of her cunt and flicking her clitoris until she had cried out her joy, shaking with the force of her coming.

After that, it hadn't taken them long to discover the sixty-nine position and they had become expert at timing their orgasms. Each time Jamie's tongue teased her to the point of shuddering orgasm, he would explode into her mouth just as she came. Jenny loved their lovemaking sessions, always conducted in his student room, but after a while, Jamie began to want to go further. And there she stalled. It didn't matter how persuasively he argued, she had fixed in her mind the determination to stay a virgin until she was married and that was that.

Matters had come to a head the previous night. They had been making passionate oral love to each other, Jamie had made her come three times and spilled his seed in her mouth once when yet again, he had tried to persuade her to "go all the way" with him. He had been persuasive, reasonable and rational, and somehow that had irritated her. She snapped at him and they had their very first row. It hadn't been much of a row, she reflected ruefully, no shouting or throwing things. Just a sudden silence, a tightening of lips and she, getting up, dressing and silently walking out of his room.

Finally, she finished moving her clothes and possessions into her brother's old room. She had gathered some Sweet Peas from the garden and put them in vases on the wide window ledge. She took a shower and slipped on a pair of clean panties and her light silk robe, then flopped down on the sofa to rest for a while, taking in her new territory. Her brother had left nothing behind except his large double bed and, at the last moment, in a fit of generosity, he had left her his T.V. and video recorder. Looking at the VCR, she realised that there was a tape in it. Curious, she turned on the T.V., selected the video channel and hit "Play".

It seemed to be a German film, the initial credits were all in German. Two women, both dressed in flimsy underwear, were having an incomprehensible conversation. Jenny spoke no German and she knew that John didn't either. So why did he have a German film in his room? A few minutes later she understood exactly why her brother had this tape in his machine! She watched incredulously as the women removed their clothes and began caressing each other with fingers and tongues. It was a porn video! She had never seen one and hadn't thought much about such things, but now her curiosity was aroused and she watched the screen with increasing interest.

The next scene aroused more than just her interest.

It began mildly enough. A tall, curvaceous blonde led a rather over – muscled man into a bedroom, knelt before him, unbuckled his jeans and took his semi – hard penis into her mouth, suckling it to full erection. Over the next few minutes, Jenny watched interestedly as they progressed from sucking and licking each other to actually fucking. She was both excited and revolted when she saw the man withdraw his penis from the blonde's cunt, then ejaculate all over her face. But then again, she thought, she herself loved to swallow Jamie's sperm, so who was she to object to someone liking it all over her face? The girl was now sucking the man's penis again and soon it was back to full size. And that's when Jenny got the shock of her life.

The woman turned to kneel with her bottom towards the camera and murmured, "Kom, Hans, maas mir, maas mir bitte." 

Jenny expected the man to approach the woman and place his penis in her sex from behind, but he just stood behind her, leering and stroking his considerable erection.

"Kom leibchen," moaned the blonde on the screen, "Kom in hinder.", and with that she reached back with her hands and, to Jenny's astonishment, spread the cheeks of her bottom wide apart, exposing her pink anus to the man behind her. Jenny was transfixed at the sight. Her heart was pounding and she slid to the floor to get closer to the screen. The camera zoomed in for an obscenely tight close – up of the girl's asshole. It was shining with the moisture that had trickled down from her sex and glistened wetly, the puckered, pink ring clenching and opening. And then the head of the man's penis appeared, descending from the top of the screen. Jenny gasped as she saw it touch the little pink ring and then she heard the woman give out a long, deep groan as it slowly disappeared into her ass. The figures on the screen were still for a moment, and then the woman whimpered as the cock slowly withdrew, then groaned once more as it drove into her again.

Jenny sat motionless, frozen before the screen, unable to take her eyes of the spectacle before her as the couple's fucking went from a long, slow, lazy rhythm to a hard, pounding frenzy. The woman's cries rose in volume and Jenny saw slender fingers appear between the dripping lips of her sex and begin to rub frantically. Close ups of the action were mixed with shots of the girl's face, contorted with pleasure. At the end, the man withdrew his cock and the camera zoomed in for yet another close – up as he ejaculated a stream of thick sperm which hit the girls glistening, gaping anus and splashed across the cheeks of her ass and trickled down over the swollen lips of her cunt.

Jenny hit the "Stop" button and remained motionless. She had stopped breathing and suddenly let the air into her lungs with a gasp. Her heart was beating hard and her hands trembled. And she became aware, very suddenly, that she was wet in her knickers. She slipped a hand down between her legs and touched the gusset of her panties. It was soaking wet. She didn't move for several minutes, her breath slowing as she regained some of her self – possession. Never before had she even thought about the possibility of anal sex, it simply hadn't occurred to her. She had of ten tried to imagine, whilst masturbating, what Jamie's cock would feel like In her cunt, but the thought of having it in her ass was entirely new to her. And it made her feel horny. She raised her fingers from her crotch to her nose and sniffed daintily, the scent of her arousal excited her even more.

With a moan, she threw herself back on the bed, tore of her panties and rubbed her soaking crotch with frantic fingers. The scent of her sex rose to her nostrils, a scent that had once embarrassed her but which now, since she had seen the effect it had on Jamie, excited her. Within seconds she was in the throes of an orgasm, but as her cries subsided and the shudders coursing through her body ebbed away, she felt a deep emptiness flood into her. She wanted Jamie. She loved and wanted him so badly. Tears began to dribble down over her flushed cheeks. She sniffled, feeling desolate and deeply sorry for herself.

She lay still for a moment, thinking. The small germ of an idea was beginning to form in her mind. Then she went over to the wardrobe and searched in a bag, extracting a candle, about an inch and a half in diameter and maybe eight inches long, tapering abruptly to a rounded end. She took a pair of nail – scissors from her dressing table and snipped off the wick. Then she rummaged in a drawer and brought out a bottle of baby – oil. She took a towel from behind her door and threw it on to the bed and then lay face down on it. She slid one hand beneath her belly to her sex and started to gently stroke herself. After a few minutes, she took her wet fingers and reached behind and began to rub the moisture around her asshole. She breathed deeply and tried to relax, slipping her other hand between her thighs to rub her sex.

The first finger slid in with surprising ease and she moaned softly at the new sensation, amazed at how little resistance there was and the ease with which her anus accepted the probing finger. She realised that she was enjoying the sensation and the realisation made her feel deliciously wicked and somehow wanton. She wriggled her finger further up her ass and found that she liked it even more. Seeking to explore the feelings further, she withdrew her finger, then placed two fingers at the puckered opening and pushed. She groaned again as they slid in up to and then past the second knuckle. The fingers at her sex were moving more insistently now, more rhythmically, but she controlled herself. The idea in her mind began to take more definite shape, although she could hardly admit to herself the substance of her own thought.

She stopped, turned over and reached for the candle and the bottle of baby – oil. She put some oil on her hand and rubbed it all over the rounded end and some way up the shaft. Then she turned over on to her hands and knees with her bottom sticking up in the air and reached behind with the candle grasped in her right fist. She placed the rounded head against her asshole and deliberately relaxed. Then, with a push and a load groan, the candle was embedded in her ass, only half of it remaining on the outside. As she began to pump the candle in and out of her asshole, she stroked and rubbed at her clitoris. She felt so shameless, so wanton, the movement of the candle sliding in and out thrilled her, it's tightness against the walls of her asshole seemed to intensify her pleasure with each thrust. Into her feverish mind crept the thought that Jamie's cock would be a lot thicker than this candle, it would stretch her asshole much wider and the thought made her ache with desire.

And then she stopped. She withdrew the candle from her ass and reached for a tissue from a box by the bed. Her brow was furrowed as she wiped the oil from her asshole. She knew what she wanted. She wanted Jamie, she wanted him here and now and she wanted him to stick his beautiful, thick prick right up her ass and fuck her hard until he came. She wondered what it would feel like, having Jamie come inside her ass. The thought of it made her squirm with excitement. And that way, she thought to herself, there would be no chance of her getting pregnant, and she would keep her virginity!

But how was she to accomplish this? When she had parted from Jamie the previous night, she had been angry and indignant. She had been half hoping that he would call her to apologise, but really, he hadn't done anything wrong. He had only asked, he hadn't tried to insist on them fucking. He hadn't actually put any pressure on her. The solution, she realised, lay in her own hands. Or rather, she thought with a twinge of excitement, in the tight little pink entrance hidden between the rounded cheeks of her bottom.

There was only one thing to do and Jenny did it. She got up, went downstairs and picked up the phone. She dialled Jamie's number and it was answered immediately. So, he had been sitting by the phone!

"Jamie," she said, "it's me. Jamie, I'm sorry for the way I walked out last night, I've was uptight and feeling guilty about not letting you fuck me. I shouldn't have behaved like that."

His voice broke in, full of relief and love. "It's all right honey, you don't have to be sorry for anything, it was my fault, I shouldn't have asked you to … I'm the luckiest man in the world just to be with you. I'm sorry. I was trying to get up enough courage to call you when the phone rang."

"Come over," she interrupted him. Stop talking, stop doing what ever you are doing, and get over here right now. I have an idea which I think might solve all our problems."

"Huh? What…"

"Just come here now." she said, and put down the phone. Her heart was beating fast, but the clouds had lifted from her heart. He loved her! He had been feeling as bad as she! She skipped to the shower and washed once more. It was all so simple, she thought, she had put them both through a night of misery for nothing!

Back in the bedroom, she selected a pretty blue and white summer dress. She picked up her bra and panties, then grinned and chucked them both in the laundry – basket. The panties were soaked anyway and she liked the thought of leaving them off, just for Jamie. Then she went to the VCR and rewound the tape to the beginning of the sequence that had excited her, just before the blonde German girl had bent over and spread her ass – cheeks.

About twenty minutes later, she heard the sound of his bicycle on the gravel drive and scampered downstairs to greet him. She got to the door just before he could ring the bell and dragged him inside. Before he could say a word, she threw her arms around him and kissed him fiercely. He responded with passion, but with less ferocity than she, taken by surprise. She broke away and said, "Come upstairs, I want to talk to you."

He followed her slender figure up the stairs and into the attic bedroom. "Now this is a great room!" he murmured appreciatively, taking in the large bed, the huge window, the T.V. and video in the corner, the Sweet Peas by the window, which gave upon a huge expanse of blue sky. She pulled him to the sofa and sat him down, then sat on his lap and took his face between her hands.

"Jamie, do you love me?"

"Yes sweetheart. Yes I do, deeply. You are simply the most wonderful thing in my life and, after last night, I know that I just cannot live without you."

"Jamie, do you love me enough to marry me?"

His eyes widened as did his smile. "Jenny! Is that a proposal?" She just nodded, not taking her eyes of him.

He reached up and touched her hair. "Yes love," he said, "oh yes. I want to be with you always."

"Do you love me enough to wait until we are married before you fuck me properly, in my pussy?"

Jamie smiled and sighed ruefully.

"Yes love, yes, of course. I promise not to ask again before we are married. You are worth waiting for and I only ever want to make you feel happy. 

Jenny crowed her delight and flung her arms about him. "In that case m'lad, I agree to marry you as soon as we both feel that it's right, probably after we get our degrees next year." She giggled. "Oh my, we're engaged and my parents don't even know that you exist. I never tell them anything."

They talked quietly for a while, sometimes teasing each other, both so glad that the shadows of the previous night had been left behind.

"So was that your idea?" asked Jamie, "we get married, problem solved?"

"Part of it." She grinned. "Look, I've got something to show you. John left a video tape behind when he left, I'll bet he'll be mortified when he realises." She picked up the remote and turned on the T.V. and started the video. "Now, I want you to pay close attention, I may test you later."

He chuckled and turned his attention to the screen as she sat down on the sofa next to him to watch.

Jamie's chuckle was cut off suddenly as he was confronted with the spectacle of a large cock being suckled by a blonde woman who suddenly released the cock from her mouth and jerked it until it spurted white cream all over her face and into her open, upturned mouth. When she turned and knelt and spread the cheeks of her ass, Jamie swallowed and almost choked. Jenny glanced down at his crotch, noted the swelling and smiled to herself. They watched in complete silence as the scene unfolded until, at the end, as Jamie watched the man's prick erupt all over the woman's ass, he let out a low moan.

Jenny stopped the tape and turned to gaze up at him, eyes shining, a shy grin on her face.

"Well, what do you think?"

"Do you mean … you mean we could do that? Just like that? You … you want me to put it ..?"

She brushed his cheeks with her lips. "Yesssssssss," she hissed, "Oooo yessssssss! And we can take our time. My folks are away for three weeks, we've got all the time in the world," and she began to rub his cock through his jeans. "And we won't have to worry about me getting pregnant either, you will be able to come inside me without us having to count the days every month."

His face clouded for a moment.

"But … but won't it hurt you? I don't want to hurt you sweetheart."
