 The next day, true to his word, Doug was online by the time Jennifer signed in. The pair wasted no time getting down to the new x-rated relationship they had recently discovered.

"Last night was so hot, baby," said Doug.

"Mmmm, yes it was, I slept so good after that," Jennifer wrote back.

"I wanna hear your voice again, Jennifer," he said, "Get offline so I can call you again."

Jennifer wasted no time answering him, she quickly obeyed and signed off, waiting for her x-rated telephone call.

Seconds later, the phone rang. 

"Take off your clothes, Jennifer," Doug instructed, "Take the phone in your bedroom and lay that sexy hot naked body on the bed, I wanna fuck you."

She moaned into the phone and began stripping her clothes off as she made her way to her bedroom. After laying down, she whispered, "Fuck me again, Doug, hard just like last night."

"Do you have any toys?" he whispered.

"I have a vibrator," she said.

"Get it and slam it up inside that hot wet cunt, baby," he ordered, "I'm taking off my pants right now."

Jennifer again obeyed and reached over to her nightstand, pulling out the large 11 inch vibrator she had received as a present at her wedding shower, years before.

Immediately she rammed the cool rubber cock up inside her, gently sliding it back and forth, lubing it up for the fucking of a lifetime.

"Push it deep, baby, make it kiss your womb," he said breathlessly, already close to shooting off.

"Tell me you wish that was my dick, Jennifer," he moaned.

"Oh God, I do, I do wish this was your dick, God I want you to fuck me, Doug, I don't care if you knock me up, just put your big dick in me," she groaned, pulling and pushing the large cock in and out of her drenched pussy.

"You want that, baby? I can make it happen. I can put this dick in you instead of that fake one," he said, "I'll come over right now and give you some dick like you've never had before."

"Oh God, please please," she begged, "Please come over, I'll be waiting."

Doug never answered her, he just hung up the phone, leaving her there soaked and needing a cock worse then she ever had before.

Almost an hour passed by when finally Doug knocked on the door.

She hurriedly ran thru the house and answered the front door.

He wasted no time. He took her in his arms and kissed her harder then any man had ever kissed her, kicking the front door closed with his size 12 shoes. He pulled her naked body tight to his and reached behind him, locking the door. 

As they kissed and moaned, he walked her backwards, finally lowering their bodies to the beige carpet of Jennifer's living room.

Doug was not interested in foreplay, he wanted inside this hot vixen. He wanted to pound her all day until she couldn't walk normally.

He broke the kiss and whispered as he unzipped his pants, "You ready for this, baby? Huh? You ever had an 8 inch dick inside that nasty hot cunt?"

"No, God no," she groaned, instantly spreading her legs and wrapping them around his thick hips, both of them pushing Doug's cock deep inside Jennifer's hot sloppy pussy.

He reached up and pinned Jennifer's arms over her head as his cock dived deeper and deeper, kissing her womb, "I knew you were a slut, Jennifer, I knew it that first day," he hissed, bucking his hips and fucking the young vixen like a slut on Hollywood Boulevard.

"Yes-Yes-Fuck yes, I'm a slut!" she screamed, "I can't help it, I love older men."

"Call me Daddy, baby, I wanna be your Daddy," he growled, shoving his cock in her balls deep.

"Oh God, Daddy," she groaned, as tears of passion filled her dark brown eyes, "Fuck me, Daddy, oh fuck, pound me!!!"

"Oh fuck yeah," he moaned, "Daddy's gonna fuck you, bitch, you hot little slut, Daddy's gonna do you every way but wrong."

Jennifer's eyes locked on Doug's as he grinned, watching her 22 year old tits bounce and bobble with every thrust, "Fuck, your tits are so goddamn hot, Jennifer."

"Suck them, Daddy, suck my nasty nipples," she begged.

Doug leaned down and flicked Jennifer's nipples with his simmering tounge, clenching them in his teeth and biting down.

Jennifer cried out in pain as Doug's teeth penetrated her nipples and his cock penetrated her sloppy wet cunt.

"Yeah, that's it, baby, scream for Daddy, you little slut," he hissed, bucking his hips harder, sending Jennifer's naked body back and forth on the thick carpeting. 

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum," she groaned, as her eyes rolled into her skull.

"Cum, you little bitch, you think that's gonna make Daddy stop?" he asked.

Jennifer arched her back and locked her legs tightly around Doug's body, she screamed loudly, echoing her lust throughout her house, "Ahhhh yeah, you dirty little slut, flood Daddy's dick, fucking flood me, baby."

Jennifer's pussy locked around Doug's cock, pushing him over the edge.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh FUCK!!!!!" he screamed, "Daddy's cumming, baby, Daddy's gonna knock you up, Jennifer."

Seconds later, a flood of hot sticky fluid flowed into Jennifer's pounding cunt, sending her into another throat splitting orgasm. Wave after wave of intense emotions flooded the young slut as she laid there trying desperately to focus her eyes and catch her breath. But before she could get too relaxed, Doug released the grip he had on her arms and flung her onto her hands and knees.

"You ever been fucked up this sexy hot ass, Jennifer?" he hissed, grabbing her hips and pulling her naked body to his.

"No, no don't, Doug, please don't fuck me there," she pleaded.

"Shut up, Jennifer, I wanna feel that hot asshole wrapped around my wet dick," he said, gently pushing the engorged head of his cock past the rim of Jennifer's virgin asshole.

"Oh Goddddddddd," she moaned, falling to her elbows and putting her face into the carpet, "It hurts, take it out, please take it out."

Doug only laughed as he pushed his cock inside her cunt further, spreading her asshole and gently rubbing her full ass cheeks, "I love full asses, baby, God your ass is hot," he moaned, slowly beginning to buck his hips.

Only minutes into it, Jennifer began to relax, realizing anal sex felt just as good, if not better, then regular sex. She raised back up to her hands and gently began grinding her slutty ass towards Doug's body, slowly guiding his cock even further inside her.

"Mmmmm, that's it, baby, work with Daddy, it feels so much better when your asshole's relaxed," he groaned, gently digging his fingertips into her creamy tan ass cheeks.

He began to pick up the pace and fuck Jennifer faster, forcing her asshole open wider, "Daddy! Daddy! Oh God, Daddy! Don't stop, please don't stop, cum in my asshole too," she begged, bucking her hips back against Doug.

"Oh Daddy's gonna cum in that asshole, baby, don't your worry, I want my cum dripping from every hole you got," he said, now pounding the fuck out of the young slut's asshole.

"OH! OH! OHHHHHHHHH!" she screamed, reaching down beneath her and pinching her engorged clit between her two fingers.

"Yeahhhhhhhh, fuck that clit, slut," he hissed, "Daddy's gonna shoot off in this nasty asshole."

Jennifer's body rocked back and forth. Her back arched perfectly as her asshole sucked on Doug's cock, wanting more and more.

"Oh shit," he yelled, "Here comes Daddy's load, take it, fucking take it, slut."

Doug slammed his cock balls deep into Jennifer's gaping asshole, spraying her ass walls with his thick seed, groaning like a wild man.

Minutes later, he again had a request ......

"Sit your hot ass on that coffee table, Jennifer," he whispered, slowly rising to his feet and letting his pants fall all the way down to his ankles.

She obeyed and sat down on the cold, glass topped coffee table. She looked up at Doug and before she could say a word, he had grabbed the back of her head and pushed her mouth forward, her lips grazing his sticky wet cock tip.

"Suck it, slut, suck Daddy's cock like your life depends on it," he ordered, gathering up her long brown hair into his hand and twisting it slightly.

Jennifer had never quite mastered the art of giving head seeing as how her husband never seemed to be interested in it, he wanted to fuck and get on with his day.

She brought her trembling hands up and placed them on Doug's naked hips, and with a quick thrust, his entire 8 inch cock was buried in her tight throat.

"Don't even think about throwing up, bitch," he hissed, "I'll make you lick that shit up."

Jennifer closed her eyes and tried to think of something else, but it was no use. Doug used her head to plunge her mouth up and down on his cock, leaving her almost no time to take breaths in between. She gagged each time she went to the cock base. The smell of her ass was strong and it was making her sick. She tried to pull her mouth off, or at least to the cock tip, but Doug refused, pushing her mouth back down.

"You're done when I cum, bitch, till then, fucking suck me off," he ordered.

Tears flooded Jennifer's eyes as she worked the thick rod in and out of her virgin throat.

"Rub my balls, baby," he said, twisting her hair a bit tighter.

Jennifer reached up and grabbed the old man's balls, gently squeezing them and rolling them in her shaking hand, "Mmmmm, fuck yeah, that's it, Jennifer, rub them like you love them."

Doug began bucking his hips harder, slamming his cock all the way down Jennifer's throat.

"AHHHH - AHHHH - AHHHH FUCK YEAH, BITCH, DADDY'S GONNA FUCKING CUM" he screamed, throwing his head back and clenching her thick hair tighter. 

"Finger my ass, Jennifer, quick!!!" he moaned, "Shove your fingers in my asshole!!!!"

Before she could think, Jennifer reached around and shoved her middle finger deep inside Doug's asshole, "OH FUCK, MMMMMM, GOD YES, BITCH, FINGER FUCK ME, FINGER MY ASSHOLE!!"

Jennifer began thrusting her slender finger in and out of the warm tight hole, slamming it in knuckle deep then ripping it out, over and over. Suddenly Doug let go and sprayed Jennifer's mouth so full of cum she was certain she'd vomit.

"Fucking swallow it, slut, don't miss a drop," he hissed, still fucking her face wildly.

Finally, after he had released all his cum, he slowly slid his spent cock from her mouth, looking down at her and laughing at the disgusted look on her face, "What's the matter, baby? You didn't like that?"

"No, I didn't," she answered immediately, "I thought we were just gonna fuck."

"We did fuck, I just got a little extra while I was here," he said, laughing and pulling up his pants, "One more thing, before I go," he said.

"What now?!?" she asked, standing up and facing him.

"Lick your fingers off for me," he whispered.

"No way, I'm not licking your asshole off my fingers," she snapped.

"You'll do it or I tell your mom just how much of a slut her daughter is," he said, buttoning his pants.

"I didn't force you to come here," said Jennifer.

"No, that's true, you didn't, you begged me to come here, you begged me to cum inside your slutty ass and pussy," he said.

"You can't prove anything, she'd never believe you over me anyway," answered Jennifer.

"Oh yeah?" asked Doug, reaching inside his pocket and taking out a small cigarette pack sized tape recorder, "I have it all on tape, bitch, you cross me and mommy gets a copy."

Jennifer stood there, completely stunned, "Why are you with my mother then if you like fucking younger women?"

"Dating your mother is a disguise. See, I have 2 older children and I don't think they'd approve of their dear old Dad banging girls in their 20's, so I have to keep up appearances," he answered, putting the tape recorder back in his pants pocket.

"You're a lying bastard," she said, turning to walk away, "Get out of my house."

Doug reached out and grabbed Jennifer's arm, "You don't walk away from me when I'm talking to you, bitch," he said.

"Let go of my arm, I mean it," she snapped at him.

Unbeknownst to Jennifer, Doug had clicked the record button on the recorder again. He squeezed her arm tightly and shoved her down onto the couch.

"Leave me alone, asshole, you got what you wanted," she screamed, trying to get up from the couch.

"Get back down there, you whore," he hissed, quickly unbuttoning his pants again and crawling between Jennifer's legs.

"NO, NOT AGAIN," she yelled.

"Shut up, Jennifer, I'm not gonna tell you again," said Doug, using one hand to cover her mouth and the other hand to shove his pants down far enough for his cock to bounce free.

Jennifer groaned and bit into Doug's hand as his cock, once again, dove deep inside her. 

"Ahhhh, fuck, I can't get enough of your slut pussy, bitch," he groaned, fucking into her, forcing her head into the arm of the couch.

Jennifer closed her eyes and continued biting down on his palm, but to no avail, it only seemed to spur him on further.

"Fucking bite me, slut, bite me hard, the harder you bite, the harder I'm gonna fuck this slutty hole you call a cunt," he hissed, driving his cock in balls deep again.

"Tell me you love me, bitch, tell Daddy you love him and his big fat cock," Doug whispered, slowly removing his bloody hand from Jennifer's mouth.

"GO TO HELL YOU FUCKING BASTARD," she screamed.

"Let's try this again, slut, tell Daddy you love him and his big fat cock," Doug said again.

Hesitantly, Jennifer obeyed, "Okay, okay, I love you, Daddy and your big fat cock."

"Mmmm, that's my girl," he groaned, still pumping her sloppy pussy for all he was worth, "Daddy's gonna knock you up, baby, make you have my baby, then you can leave that dead ass husband of yours."

Jennifer began to cry. She never intended for things to go this far. She only wanted the attention she wasn't getting from her husband. 

"Awww, don't cry, baby, Daddy's here and he's ALWAYS gonna be here for his slutty little angel," Doug said as he approached his fourth orgasm of the day.

"AHHHH - AHHHHH - OHHHH FUCK, HERE IT CUMS AGAIN, BABY, OHHHHHHH!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!" he screamed, again dumping his load inside Jennifer's well soaked cunt. 

"Mmmm, fucking tell me you love me, Jennifer, say it," he demanded as his cock finished it's withdraw inside her cunt.

"I love you, Doug," she whispered thru tears.

"Mmmmm, and I love you too, baby," he whispered, slowly pulling his softened cock from her, "When I get back home, I want you online so I can talk dirty to you, baby."

Jennifer nodded her head in agreement and cringed when Doug bent down to kiss her goodbye. Little did either of them know, but there was a surprise waiting on the other side of the front door.