 As Jennifer sped down the highway towards her boyfriend Chris's house, she could only think of one thing…an orgasm. Jennifer knew she was going to get a face full of cum! And she was trying not to masturbate in the car…but she couldn't help it! Fuck it, she thought…and she lifted her hips off the seat off her Mazda pickup, peeled her pants down to her knees…and began masturbating as she zipped down I-95 towards her boyfriend's house!

***

As he lay on his bed and played with his dick, Chris watched as another glob of pre-cum oozed out. He had been masturbating for at least three hours and his nuts were ready to explode. On the TV screen in front of him at the foot of the bed was another porno scene, some blonde girl taking it up the ass and blowing a second guy. "God, where are you, Jennifer?" he thought to himself as he slowly jerked off his dick. "I'm gonna fucking explode soon!"

As if on cue, the phone rang on the nightstand, and he released his grip from his rock hard cock and picked it up.

"Hi, baby!" Jennifer's voice came through over the traffic around her car on the Interstate. "I'm getting off the exit now, I'll be there in five minutes!" He could hear the excitement in her voice. "Are you jerking off for me?"

"Baby, I am so fucking ready to cum! I've been watching porn for hours waiting for you!"

"Ooohhh, baby, just tell me you've got a load for me!"

"Shit, baby, yes…" Chris had switched the phone to his other hand so he could jerk off again. "Tell me you want to make me cum, baby…"

"I'll be right there! Don't cum yet!!! See you in two minutes!" And without further ado, Jennifer hung up her cell phone.

Chris continued to jerk off, waiting for his girlfriend's entrance. As the porno movie played on the VCR in front of him, and Chris watched that beautiful blonde model getting fucked up her ass, he stroked his dick harder.

Suddenly Chris heard the sound of Jennifer's car pull up. The engine turned off and he heard the car door slam. This was immediately followed by the opening of his front door, and no sooner had it slammed shut then he heard the familiar *clop*clop* of Jennifer's clogs dropping onto the tile floor. This was followed by some low grunts and moans and one "fuck it!" as his girlfriend tried to walk through the living room while peeling her clothes off. Nevertheless, in a few seconds Jennifer appeared in the doorway of his bedroom, bare ass naked, her clothes strewn on the floor behind her.

"Hi, baby!" Chris smiled as he lay naked on his bed, jerking off.

"Hi!!!" Jennifer yelled as she leaped onto the bed, bringing her naked body crashing onto his. She immediately grabbed his head and planted her mouth onto his, and they began to exchange tongue and spit and tried to lick at each others' tonsils. Chris felt her small, nubile tits mashing into his chest as he groped at her bare ass, while Jennifer immediately grabbed for his cock.

"Holy shit!" Jennifer murmured as she stroked her boyfriend's rock hard penis…"You are ready to fucking explode, baby!!!!"

Chris could only moan in assent…"God, yes, baby, I wanna cum!"

Jennifer moved down and rubbed the head of his dick against her face, sticking her nose right onto his pisshole and sniffing the precum right up her nostril. The scent was intoxicating, and Jennifer's already sopping cunt immediately responded by wetting itself even more.

Chris knew that he need only relax, and let Jennifer have what she had driven straight over from her workplace for. A load of jizm on her face! 

"Mmmmm, baby," Jennifer was stroking his cock, and the pre-cum just continued to ooze out in little rivulets. "Tell me you've been masturbating for me."
"Oh fuck, yes, Jen!" Chris was panting as he felt Jennifer rubbing her bare skin against him, hovering over him so her perky, small tits were just rubbing in his face.

"Suck my tit, baby" she murmured as she started to stroke his cock with more force. Chris grabbed one small boob while sucking on the other. He sucked her tit while she masturbated him for a few moments.

"Baby, I'm so close to cumming…."he grabbed her hand with his own to stop her from jerking him off anymore.

Jennifer swung around and stuck her face right into his. "Baby, tell me you have a load of cum for me." As she stroked his cock, ever so slowly lest she make him shoot his goo before she was ready to get a facial splatter, Jennifer could feel Chris's penis throbbing in her hand.

Chris kissed her mouth, shoving his swirling tongue around hers and groping at her young, small tit so hard that it should have hurt, but Jennifer was lost in a fog of jizz-lust right now…she wanted only one thing…sperm in her face!

Jennifer pulled her mouth off of his, and whispered into his ear "I want you to cum all over my face, baby…"

They kissed some more…Jennifer was slowly masturbating Chris's cock as he played with her tit and groped at her cunt and ass….and suddenly Chris felt Jennifer's fist gripping his cock tighter, meaning only one thing.

Jennifer hovered above him, her face right in his.

"Cum all over my face, baby! I want you to splatter your load all over my face!"

"Oh fuck, baby, yessss!" Chris and Jennifer immediately swapped positions on the bed, and Chris was straddled right over Jennifer's face.

Jennifer raised her head off the pillow and began to lick Chris's nuts, sucking his scrotum into her mouth. Christ leaned back and played with Jennifer's dripping cuntal area with one hand as her jerked off with the other.

"Cum all over my face!"

"What do you want, Jennifer?"

"I want you to blow your gooey jizz all over my face, baby!"

"I'm gonna cum, Jennifer."
"Cum for me, baby!!!"

As Chris hovered over Jennifer's face, she jerked his cock off. She wanted that cum! She needed to feel warm, gooey semen on her face! Jennifer masturbated her own cunt furiously with her left hand as she jerked off Chris's cock with the right. Her own orgasm was approaching, but she wanted to feel globs of jism splattering into her face before she brought herself to completion.

"Cum all over my face, baby!"

"Ugh, Jen…yesssss, I'm gonna cum! I want to cum all over your beautiful face, baby!!"

Chris's dick involuntarily spewed out one last load of precum, which Jennifer's wildly jerking hand directed over to a pillow on the side of the bed. But no sooner had that gooey strand of male excitement juice been deposited onto the sheets, then Chris had to cum…

Chris stiffened, and Jennifer continued to masturbate him, awaiting the splatter!

Afraidthat he would hit the headboard instead of Jennifer, Chris sat up straighter to be sure to hit his girlfriend's face and help her to achieve her own pleasure…Jennifer's jerking hand never missed a beat.

As Jennifer fingered her cunt with one hand., she masturbated Chris with the other. Chris rocked back and forth, masturbating himself in Jennifer's hand…and then he came!

The pleasure that Jennifer felt was indescribable!

Her boyfriend let loose with a load of jism that he had been building up for hours! The first spurt of jizm shooting out of Chris's dick hit his lovely girlfriend square in the forehead! Her trademark "page-boy" bangs were glued right to her forehead with jizz, which splattered so much that droplets of the fluid hit the bedsheets and pillows behind her!

Jennifer felt the hot jizz splatter against her skin, and she moaned in pleasure as she masturbated her own cunt to her own approaching orgasm.

Chris's dick spewed out a second spurt which landed in Jenny's auburn hair right above her left eye, and spewed a thick streamline of goo into her hair above her left ear. Jism dripped down off her hair onto her cute little ear…later she would find dried semen on her earring!

"Oh baby, jizz my face!" Jennifer mewled, finger-fucking herself to a cum, feeling her lover's hot sperm splattering all over her face!

Jennifer felt another splurt of Chris's love seed as it plugged her nostril. God, she thought, he can aim that stuff! 

Jennifer was in pure carnal pleasure! "There's jism right up my nose…I can smell his pleasure, his sperm is all over my face! What a fucking turn on!!!!uggg, I gotta cum!!!" Three more globs of goo splattered into Jennifer's face as she jerked more gooey pleasure out of his penis! …splurt one made a gooey puddle on her right cheek, splurt two put two million babies swimming in baby goo all over her right tit, and spurt three just spewed semen droplets all over her soft, bare belly), Jennifer rubbed her own clit as Chris positioned himself and ate her to oral completion…Jennifer came in his mouth while he ate her steaming cunt, with his jizm drying on her face, tits, and belly.

As they lay in bed in post-orgasmic bliss, Jennifer started jerking off Chris again.

"Ah, baby, that feels good…."Chris moaned in his half dream-like state.

"Oh baby, just let me…jerk you off…I want to make you cum again.…"

Jennifer jerked Chris's dick back to life…within moments, his cock was hard and,while not full of semen, it was full of the seminal fluid that would spurt out when he orgasmed. Jennifer rubbed her tits against him, and squeezed his ballsl…"I want to make you cum again, baby!"and even though Jennifer had orgasmed herself she had only one thing in mind…

Jennifer wanted more cum! Jennifer wanted to feel more jism splattering onto her face!

Now she knew that Chris's dick couldn't spurt like it had just now, but Jennifer just wanted to smell the stuff, taste a little trace of it…she wanted more jizz!

She masturbated Chris some more, rubbing her own cunt as she did.

"I need more cum, baby, please…"Jennifer jerked off Chris with her fist, squeezing his balls, playing with his nuts, until he had to explode again.

"Baby, I'm gonna cum again!" 

"Cum on my face, again…cum all over my face!"

As Jennifer jerked her boyfriend's cock off, harder and faster, even she was amazed at the pre-cum that was spewing out. 

"Shit, how can you have pre-cum when you already came?" she laughed, as she masturbated her boyfriend.

"I'm fucking excited, Jen!" He leaned over and kissed her. " How many guys get a girl who just wants to fuck and then let them cum on her face???!!!"

"Cum on my face!!! Cum on my face, baby!!!

"Aghhh", Chris moaned as he came all over her beautiful face again! It wasn't a huge load, but it sure was jizz! Chris ejaculated a load of cum all over Jennifer's face, splashing jizz all over her neck which dribbled down nicely onto her right tit…even Chris was amazed by the load of semen he spurted out! 

Jennifer lay in pure pleasure, with dryings semen all over her face and tit. She stroked her cunt, slowly, as she stroked Chris's cock, rubbing his spent sperm into his own belly.