 Author's note: Again, this is pure fantasy. If you haven't already done so, you might enjoy reading the first Jennifer story, although that is not absolutely necessary. Enjoy.

When I came back into the living room, I was shocked. She was standing there dressed in a leather corset, wearing knee high boots with 4" spiked heels, elbow length black gloves, holding a bullwhip and wearing a strap-on. She looked at me, cracked the whip and said

OOPS!!. . . SORRY. . . WRONG STORY

In the bathroom, I looked in the mirror, My shirt collar, the top of my tie and my chin were wet. It was a mixture of her juices and my sweat. My God, how I loved that smell. I removed my tie, unbuttoned my collar and wiped myself off with a towel. I tried to pee, but it was difficult considering how hard I was. And I mean hard, as hard as Chinese arithmetic. Eventually I managed to drain my bladder and then carefully washed my dick and put it away.

When I returned to the living room, she was sitting upright with her legs crossed, sipping her water. Once again, she looked like a sophisticated businesswoman, but she was more than that. She was a hot, wet bitch that was going to get as much dick as I could give her.

"Ed dear, you completely wore me out. I don't think I can do anything more today."

I was crestfallen and my dick started to wither. She started to laugh and said, "you should see the look on your face, its priceless."

Then she leaned forward with her arms crossed on her knee and said, "Come here big boy."

I walked over to her and as I stood before her, she started to rub my dick through my pants. I immediately got hard again.

"Let's see what you've got in here."

She undid my belt, pulled down the zipper and lowered my slacks and underwear down my legs. Out popped my German soldier, standing proudly at attention.

"Oh look at this, I guess you're glad to see me," she said, smiling up at me. "It's so nice and hard and pretty, I've just got to have a taste of this. Oh, you washed it for me. That's so sweet"

She started to lick the side of my dick and caressed my balls with her hand. Then she took the head into her mouth and sucked it in and out a few times. I started to groan and she took the length into her mouth. I told her, "Sweetie, you better be careful with what you're doing. The pump is primed and I'm going to cum quickly. You keep that up and you're going to get a mouthful."

She drew her mouth off me, lightly nibbled on the head, looked up and smiled at me. "That's the point, honey. I want you to come in my mouth. I want you to shoot your load down my throat. I need to swallow everything you can give me."

At that point she plunged her mouth down on my cock. She virtually swallowed me. Her nose was pressed against my pubic bone, her chin was nestled against my balls and her tongue was massaging the underside of my cock. It felt incredible. I'd never had a woman throat me. 

After a few thrusts, she pulled her mouth off of me and said, "Fuck my face baby . . . Fuck my face and give me your load."

I replied, "If you say so," and grabbed her head plunging my dick in and out of her throat. It only took a few thrusts and I started to feel that tingling at the base of my dick. I knew I was going to cum any second.

"Oh yeah baby, here it comes. This is all for you."

She once again buried me in her throat and sucked hard and I started shooting.

"Ohhh . . . yeahhhhhh . . . O. . . O. . .Ooooo."

I was squirting like crazy; didn't know I had that much in me. She was sucking and swallowing, not missing a drop. My mouth was frozen in the 'O' position, my eyes were crossed and my breathing had stopped. All was right in the universe.

After I stopped shooting, she eased back off of me. I collapsed onto the sofa. Now I was the one that was exhausted. She looked at me, smiled, leaned over, gave me a little kiss and said, "I guess you liked that, huh."

I replied, "No shit, you really think so?"

I was sitting on the sofa, in a dream-like state. I had just had the most satisfying sexual experience of my life. Jennifer was sitting there, with her legs crossed looking all prim and proper. She had a 'cat that just ate the canary' smile on her face. I took a deep breath and said, "Wow."

She started to giggle and replied, "Honey, I'm going to clean myself up a little and change into something a bit more appropriate. If you're feeling up to it, why don't you get us some wine from the kitchen and start a fire in the fireplace"

As I watched her walk up the stairs, I was still dumbstruck. Were we going to go at each other again? I looked down at my shrunken dick and thought to myself, "Jeez, I hope I can get it up again." 

I got up, pulled up my pants and headed to the kitchen. I took the wine and some glasses into the living room and set them on the coffee table. In front of the fireplace was a thick, white throw rug. As I kneeled on the rug to start the fire, I noticed how soft it felt and thought, "I must have died and gone to heaven. I'm going to fuck a goddess in front of a roaring fire."

After getting the fire started, I stood up, opened the wine, and was starting to pour it when I saw Jenny coming down the stairs. I was awestruck. I think my jaw had dropped to the floor.

She was wearing a see-through, black, untied robe. Underneath it was a black satin corset: the kind with the laces up the front, barely holding her tits in. She had on stockings that were held up by garters and was wearing black, spiked heels. Her hair was loosely tied up, with little wisps trailing down here and there. She had reapplied her makeup, with a bit more rouge and blood-red lipstick. Her boobs bounced with each step she took.

I couldn't help it, I just blurted out, "Holy shit . . . holy fucking shit."

Jennifer started laughing, walked over to me, sat down on my lap, crossed her legs and smiled. This was so hot that my dick started to swell.

"I guess you like what you see, because you're starting to get hard."

"Sweetie, you could make a dead man hard," I replied.

She leaned in to me and gave me one of the hottest, sweetest kisses I've ever had. I growled and she wrapped both arms around my neck and started kissing me again. We were making out like teenagers. I was rubbing one hand up and down her side and the other was massaging her back while our tongues wrestled. 

We carried on like this for quite a while; nibbling and sucking on each other's lips and tongue. She was rubbing my shoulders with both hands and then up my neck to my face and back down to my shoulders again. Then I started kissing and licking her chin, and then down her neck to her chest and the top of her tits. I was sucking and nibbling the swell of her tits and even left a hickey on one. She was moaning and groaning and squirming in my lap.

I reached my hand up to the back of her head, grabbed a fistful of hair and gently pulled her head back. She thrust her chest up and forward and cried out, "Oh my god . . . take me . . . use me . . . make me yours." I kissed and nibbled all over her neck as she continued to moan.

I grabbed one of the laces that held her tits and pulled on it. The corset was so tight that her tits immediately started to spill out. I kissed and sucked the insides of each breast and she tensed up and yelled,

"Aaarrrgggghhhhh."

I leaned my head back away from her, looked at her and said, " Take your tits out and feed them to me."

She undid the laces, pulled her tits out, cupped each of them in her hands and held them to my face. I started on her tits the way I had earlier; and her response was the same. She started humping her hips and groaning, "Oh yes . . . suck them and bite them. . . yes, yes, yes." 

I tightened my grip on her hair as I reached my other hand down, pried open her legs and unsnapped the crotch panel. She was soaking wet and as I slide my fingers between her lips her clit jumped out like a little erect dick. Her body had stiffened considerably and as I pulled her head back, her tit popped out of my mouth. 

She frantically put her other tit to my mouth.

"Please do this one . . . please.'

I started working on her tit and rubbing her clit. She started shaking, crossed her legs and clamped down on my hand and screamed,

"I'm cumming . . . I'm cumming . . . aaaahhhhh."

She had this intense orgasm that seemed to go on forever and then her whole body went limp. I withdrew my fingers from her pussy, released her tit and held her close to me. Her head was resting on my chest and her breathing was still heavy. She started to say something, but I kissed her and told her, "I know. Go over and lay down on the rug in front of the fireplace."

She got up, went over in front of the fire and lay down on the rug. Her legs were spread, her knees were up and her feet were flat on the floor.

"Come to mama, honey. Get down here and fuck me senseless."

She looked incredibly hot, lying there waiting to be fucked. I took a sip of wine, stood up and stripped. My dick was bobbing up and down, hard enough to cut glass.

I knelt down between her legs. She gasped, held her breath and waited for me to plunge right into her. I grabbed my dick by the base and started to spank her clit with it.

"No, no, no . . . fuck me, fuck me," she said while frantically trying to grab my dick and put it in her.

I firmly pulled her hands away from me. As I moved her legs up on my shoulders, I held her hands down. Slowly I started to rub my dick up and down the length of her slit. She yelled out, "No, no, don't tease me . . . put it in . . . put it in, pleeeeease."

"I will, I promise, but first I want to bring you to the brink of orgasm. When you start cumming, I'll bury myself in you."

I dipped just the head of my dick in her and then went back to rubbing it along her slit. I continued like this for quite a few minutes, fucking her with just the head and sliding it up her slit and occasionally spanking her clit. She was going crazy, her breathing was ragged; she was humping her hips up to me and moaning and groaning.

Suddenly she started to stiffen and shake. She cried out, "Now, now . . . I'm cumming now." I immediately plunged fully into her and held her tight against me. She was violently shaking and screaming. This orgasm was so intense that she tried to close her knees to force me out of her. I pushed my chest between her knees to keep her legs spread, grabbed her nipples, and started to fuck her with long hard strokes. I was pounding into her with everything I had and kissing, nibbling her neck. She was screaming and yelling, "I can't stop . . . Oh god, I can't stop . . . what are you doing to me . . . I can't stop cumming."

I took one mighty thrust and held it there, my dick banging into her cervix. I held it there until she stopped shaking. She was almost limp at that point; her eyes were partially closed and her mouth was slightly open. I slowly withdrew until only the head was inside her and then slammed into her hard and held it there. She let out a high-pitched scream and looked as though she was in pain. 

I asked her, "are you okay?" 

She whispered, "yes."

"You want more?"

"Yes . . . give me more . . . use me . . . fuck me."

And so I gave her more, slowly withdrawing and then ramming her hard, lightly bumping her cervix on each stroke. I carried on, out slowly and then in hard. She was shrieking and moaning, "sooo deep . . . and soo hard." I was laying some serious pipe and this hot bitch loved every stroke.

In a short while, she started shaking again and I picked up the pace, ramming her faster. As her next orgasm started she started sobbing and whining, "Oh fuck . . . grrrrrrr . . . oh I'm cumming again . . . fuuuuck meeee."

I knew I wouldn't last very much longer at this pace. I could feel my orgasm start and she did too.

"Give it to me, give it to me . . . fill me with your seed . . . cum in me."

Then I started to cum.

"Oh shit , . . ohhh shit . . . here it is baby . . . everything I've got baby, just for you . . . aaaarrrrrgggggghhhhhh."

After delivering my load into that wonderful woman, I collapsed onto her. Her body was limp, her breathing was ragged and she was whining, "What did you do to me . . . What did you do to me?"

I thought, "What did I do to you . . . Do you have any clue as to what you've done to me?" She wrapped her arms around me and held me tightly.