 This story could fit in several categories, like Romance, Interracial, or Erotic Coupling. This is a stroke story; at least it has a lot of sex. A special thank you to Estragon for editing this story and making it a much better read. 

*

I'm John and I was sitting here this Sunday morning having coffee with my wife when there was a knock on the door. I answered it and it was my younger brother Ray. He looked hung over, which was a little bit of a surprise since he was only nineteen and didn't drink much that I was aware of.

My wife Carol and I have been married for two years. She's twenty-two and I'm twenty-five. I invited Ray in and gave him a cup of coffee even though he wasn't a coffee drinker. He sure looked like he needed it. He asked me if he could talk to me about a problem he encountered the night before.

I know he had a little trouble not looking at Carol who was in her nightgown and a thin robe. She was just a sexy woman. I also got the impression he wanted to talk to me alone. I think Carol got the same idea.

She said she had a few things to do and would leave the two of us to talk. I watched Ray strain his eyeballs to get a last look at Carol's ass before turning back to me.

What Ray told me was about him and Jenny, his girlfriend. They've been going together for a few months. Jen's eighteen and a typical teenybopper. Short blond hair, on the thin side, but very cute. Ray had told me before that he had sex with her for the first time on New Year's Eve. I haven't talked with him for over a week, but this must be important if he came over this early on a Sunday to talk to me. I just sat there and let him talk.

****

Ray speaks:

John, last night Jen and I went out to dinner for Valentine's Day. We went to the new Sheraton Inn; Jen wanted to go somewhere fancy. We dressed in nicer clothes. Jen wore a white blouse and a mini skirt, and she looked hot. I actually wore dress pants and a dress shirt. I even wore a sports jacket.

When we got to the restaurant I went to give the hostess my name, but she said they were full and if we didn't have a reservation it would be a two- hour wait. Jen looked sad; she really did want to have dinner there.

There were a lot of people waiting there to be seated. The hostess called the name "Dobbs". A good looking black couple stood up and came forward. The man looked at us and asked the hostess if his table seated four people. She looked down at her paper and checked and said that it did.

He looked over at me and Jen and asked us if we would like to join them for dinner. Jen smiled at me and shook her head yes. The man told the hostess that there would be four of us. She smiled and she took us back to our table.

"I'm Jerome and this lovely lady is my wife Shauna."

John, the lady was gorgeous. I mean she was movie star beautiful. She had on a black dress that really showed the valley in her tits and it was rather short also. She had the nicest looking legs. Her hair was down to her shoulders. It was hard not staring at her since she was sitting across from me.

I introduced myself and Jenny. Jerome shook my hand and kissed Jen's. We sat down and Jerome asked us if we would like a drink. I told him we would but weren't old enough. He smiled at me and told our waiter he wanted a pitcher of margaritas. The waiter looked at Jen and me but we told him we just wanted water.

We thanked Jerome for letting us join them, that Jen really wanted to eat here. We wanted to go somewhere nice for a Valentine's Day dinner. Since it wasn't Valentines Day yet, we figured we would be able to get in.

We were talking when the pitcher of Margaritas came. The waiter smiled as he had brought four glasses and set them down by Jerome. After he left Jerome poured his wife a glass first and then a glass for Jen who looked shy as she accepted it. He then handed me one.

As we were drinking, I told Jerome and Shauna that I worked in the local market and that Jen just started community college in January. We were kind of going steady but nothing official. Jerome told me he was a businessman and that Shauna taught aerobic classes.

He asked us how old we were and Jen told them she would be nineteen in two months. I told them I was already nineteen. When I asked him his age he laughed.

"Well, Ray, I'm forty and Shauna is a lovely thirty-eight."

God, I couldn't take my eyes off of Shauna. We were all talking but I knew I was staring at her the whole time. If anyone noticed, no one said anything. We ordered dinner, Jen wanted shrimp and Jerome told her which dish was the best and she ordered it. I ordered a steak and French fries.

I don't remember what Shauna and Jerome ordered but everything looked so good. We finished the pitcher of margaritas and Jerome ordered a second one. I was feeling the drinks a little so I knew Jen must have been feeling them too. We weren't used to alcohol.

We must have been at the table for a good hour and a half. We had dessert and then Jerome asked us if we were spending the night at the Inn. He and Shauna had gotten a room, seeing they were from out of town.

I told him that we lived locally and to be honest, couldn't really afford a room there. We paid our bills; I just paid for mine and Jen's dinner. Jerome paid for the drinks and desserts, seeing it was his idea.

I was a hair dizzy when I first stood up. The drinks must have kind of hit me. I think it hit Jen too when she first stood up. Jerome said we should wait awhile before driving home and invited us up to their room.

Damn! That motel was beautiful, I mean really top-of-the-line. As we exited the elevator Jerome took Jen's arm and Shauna took mine. Wow, she smelled so good. I know I shouldn't have but I couldn't help thinking what it would be like to have sex with this good-looking black woman.

We entered their room and it was really fancy. We went over to the windows and looked out. We were on one of the higher floors and we could see the city all lit up at night. It was beautiful like in the movies.

I didn't think about it at the time but Jerome had called room service and ordered another pitcher of Margaritas. We were up in their room to sober up and here we were drinking more.

Shauna put a music station on the TV and asked her husband to dance. Jerome lowered the lights and we had on one room light along with the moonlight. I have to admit it really felt romantic.

The music was all sensuous slow songs for the Valentine's Day weekend. I was dancing and even kissing Jen. I do have to say I was busy watching Shauna and Jerome. He undid her dress and let it fall to the floor. She stepped out of it and looked over at me and smiled.

I know it surprised Jen but she didn't say anything. I figured the drinks had gotten to her. On the next song Shauna asked me to dance with her. All she had on was her very sexy lace bra and lacy panties. I could see she her bush against her panties. Jen was part of the newer generation and shaved her pussy completely.

I had never been with a woman who had a bush and it really turned me on. Anyway we switched partners. Without her heels Shauna was maybe two inches shorter than me. When she put her arms around my neck and pushed her tits against me I knew I was getting a hard on and it was pressing against her.

I was both worked up and nervous. I wasn't sure what to do. I found myself putting my hands on Shauna's ass. She whispered in my ear that she liked the feel of my hands. I quickly looked over at Jerome and Jen to make sure he wasn't about to kick my ass for touching his wife.

He was a lot taller than Jen. They were just rocking to the music. Jerome was behind her and I noticed that he had slowly unbuttoned her blouse. At the same time he was kissing her neck. I was shocked and turned on at the same time. I kept watching and she let her blouse fall from her shoulders.

Jerome didn't stop there. He undid her bra and let it slip off. She was like in some kind of trance as he began to feel her breasts. They weren't big like Shauna's but they were perky, and he had her nipples very hard as he rubbed them.

He looked over at me and smiled. Seeing his black hands on her very white body was something that I never thought I would see. He then turned her around and he was undoing her skirt. She didn't seem to mind in the least. She had reached up and put her arms around his neck.

My attention was drawn back to Shauna as she undid her bra and removed it. She then took my hands and put them on her tits. God! They were so big and nice. I reached over and began to rub them. We had stopped dancing so I could lean over and suck on her big nipples.

Still a bit concerned being with Shauna, I glance back over at Jerome and Jen. He was sitting on the couch and all he had on was his briefs. Jen was completely naked and sitting on his lap. Her head was lying on his shoulder and his big fingers were between her legs, rubbing her bald pussy.

I turned back over to Shauna, she was sitting on the edge of the bed and she was removing her panties. I saw her black bush and pussy. I could see the pink in the dark folds of her black pussy. I reached out and touched it. John, it felt so soft and smooth. I almost blew my wad on the spot.

She said, "Ray, do you know how to eat pussy?" She said it in a caring way. I wanted to get down between her legs and try my best.

She stood up and went over to the couch where Jen was sitting on Jerome's lap and knelt down. Jerome spread Jen's legs and Shauna leaned forward and began kissing and sucking on Jen's pussy. Jen was making all kinds of noises while pushing her pussy at Shauna.

Jerome was busy man-handling Jen's tits. I stood back while my girlfriend was being used by this black couple. I could see Jen's pussy dripping with wetness. I have never seen her turned on like this before. My cock was so hard it hurt.

"Now that's what I want you to do to me Ray," said Shauna as she got on the king size bed and spread her legs. "Please take off your clothes first."

It wasn't ten seconds before I was naked and had my face buried in Shauna's bush. I rubbed my face all over it and worked my way down to the lips of her pussy. I spread the black lips and buried my face in her pink pussy. She was so wet and I tongued and kissed her pussy. I've never felt so horny in my life.

I sat up for a second to take a breath and saw that Jerome now had two big black fingers fucking away in Jen. She was moaning and groaning as her pussy was attacked. Jerome put his lips on hers, and I could see their tongues darting back and forth.

I turned back to Shauna when I heard her say, "Fuck me Ray! Give me your cock!"

She spread her legs wide and I pushed my cock into her. I've never felt anything so good. Just the contrast of my white cock in her black pussy was a gigantic turn on. She was the only woman I have ever fucked other than Jenny. 

John, I couldn't get enough of her. I was pounding her pussy for all I was worth. I had her big tits in my hands and squeezing them. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven.

"Fuck me harder Ray. Give me that cock. Make me come Ray. Fuck me and make me come. God I love it Ray. Squeeze my big tits, make them hurt."

I was doing my best to do everything she had asked. Then she said, "Oh fuck! I'm coming, I'm coming Ray, shoot your load in me. I want it so bad."

Right then I started shooting the largest load of my life deep into this black married woman's pussy. I felt like I was shooting in her for ten minutes, even though it was probably only one or two.

I felt her pussy squeezing my cock in a spasm. I've never felt that with Jen. It was like her pussy was milking my cock. When the spasms stopped I rolled off of Shauna. Her legs were spread and I could see my white cum all over her black pussy and on her bush. Shauna leaned over and kissed me.

"I want more of that later, Honey. I love young white cock," said Shauna .

I looked back over at Jen and she was riding Jerome's big black cock. He was sitting on the couch and she was riding him. As she went up and down on his cock I could see all her juices running down his cock and over his balls. I have no idea how many times she must have come. I was too busy with Shauna. 

I saw Jerome hold her down on his cock by her hips. By his motions I figured he was shooting a load deep into my girlfriend. She was screaming out how good it felt as he kept pushing his ass up to get all his cock into her.

It was then that I realized that neither me or Jerome wore condoms. I had sex with Jen three times but always wore condoms. I sure hoped she got on birth control pills since then. We never did talk about it, but now a black man has just filled her pussy with his cum.

Shauna got up and put some tissues between her legs and went into the bathroom. When she came out a minute later she handed Jerome a towel. He had Jen slowly raise off of his cock, which was covered in their joint juices. Shauna handed a rag to Jen to put between her legs as she went into the bathroom. The towel Jerome used to clean up his cock and balls.

We all stayed naked and Jerome made us all one more drink, finishing off the margaritas. Jerome pulled out a weed and asked us if we wanted a hit. I've tried it before but only took a couple of puffs. Jen had never tried pot that I know of. Shauna told Jen it would relax her even more and she took a hit and handed it to Jen. She coughed the first time but eventually got into it. I took a hit to prove I wasn't afraid of it.

Jerome put a pay-per-view porn movie on. Of all things it was of interracial couples getting together. Jen was back on Jerome's lap and I was on the bed with Shauna. She leaned over and started sucking on my cock. Booze, weed and a beautiful older black woman sucking on my cock. It doesn't get much better than this.

I noticed that no one was watching the movie. Jen was facing toward Jerome and was on his cock again. He was sucking on her neck and tits. The next morning I noticed he had given her sucker bites all over her tits and belly. She even had a couple near her pussy below her belly button. It would probably be a week before they disappeared. It would be a reminder of this night.

It was a little while later that Jerome and I were both laying on our back on the bed and he had Jen riding him and I had his beautiful black wife riding me. It felt so great and the women looked so different. Jen the cute teenage teenybopper, short blond hair, on the skinny side with modest but good looking tits; a flat belly and a bald pussy.

Then there was Shauna, a very beautiful older black married woman. Built with a tight athletic body, big tits and a great bush. I felt myself getting ready to come again. I had hold of Shauna's tits as I shot my load up into her pussy. I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock again. I knew she had another orgasm. Needless to say it made me feel pretty good.

She lay on me for a couple of minutes and then back into the bathroom she went. I lay there listening to Jerome and Jen. "Do you love my big black cock in that tiny white pussy of yours?"

Every time Jerome asked her a question she answered saying yes. "Do you want me to come in that bald white teenage pussy?" "Are you a little fuck slut?" "You want my black cock in you all night?"

"Yes, yes, yes, just fuck me. Come in me," said Jen as she was having an orgasm.

I have to say I was on an emotional rollercoaster.

I couldn't believe what happened when Shauna came back in the room. Her husband got off the bed and put his cock to Jen's mouth and she opened it up and took the head of his cock into her mouth. She has never gave me a blow job but was sucking on this black cock that just came out of her pussy.

Shauna got between Jen's legs and began eating out her pussy. She spread her pussy lips and sucked some of the cum out of Jen. Jen's ass was moving all over the place as I could see she was having another orgasm from the tonguing she was getting from Shauna.

After Jen cleaned off his cock, Jerome went over and sat on the couch. After her orgasm Jen lay back and closed her eyes. Shauna came to the other side of the bed and kissed me, tongue and all. I knew she had the mixture of Jen and Jerome's cum on her tongue but I didn't care. After that we did a sixty-nine with her on top of me and I began to eat her pussy out again, knowing I had fucked that same pussy just minutes ago.

I buried my face between her legs and sucked and tongued her pussy. I couldn't believe that she sucked my cock and it was hard again.

"Ray, I'm going to let you fuck me in the ass. Please don't tell Jerome I let you do it. He has a problem with white men having my ass but I love your cock so much."

I glanced over and Jerome was sleeping on the couch and Jen was curled up and sleeping on the other side of the bed. Shauna, my black love goddess, took out some lubricant. She must have gotten it the last time she was in the bathroom. She put some on her hands and stroked my cock, rubbing on the lubricant.

She put a little on my fingertips and told me to rub it around her asshole. We were now both on our side with me behind her. I was finger fucking her asshole, lubricating her. She put a pillow between her thighs to help keep her legs separated and I lined up my cock to her asshole.

"Give it to me Baby," she said. "Just take it slow and easy."

I pushed my cock into her ass. God was it tight. Her ass cheeks must automatically tighten up. I had the head of my cock in and took a minute before going further. I then pushed my cock deep into her bowels. I heard her moan but buried her face into a pillow to lower the sound.

We began a slow in and out movement, and I picked up speed and fucked my black goddess' ass. We must have lasted fifteen minutes. I finally felt myself getting ready to come. I whispered it to her and shot my load deep in her ass. She pushed her ass cheeks all the way back to my balls and held it there while I came in her.

We stayed that way till my cock was spent. I pulled out of her and the next thing I knew it was morning and I was waking up to Jen being fucked by Jerome. I felt funny because I knew she wasn't doing it because of weed or booze. She was fucking Jerome because she wanted to.

When I looked I saw Shauna facing me and smiling at me. "You were great," she whispered to me. She gave me a peck of a kiss and I got up and took a shower.

When I came out Jen asked to use the shower but didn't say anything else. I got dressed and Jerome and his wife were cuddled together. Jen came out and had a towel wrapped around her (I couldn't figure out why) and took her clothes and went back into the bathroom and got dressed.

After she came out we told Jerome and Shauna that we had to leave. Jen was supposed to be at a friend's house last night and needed to get over there. She did call her friend last night and told her she would be there this morning.

This was an awkward situation. We thanked them both for helping us celebrate Valentine's Day. Jerome did ask Jen for a kiss which she gave him and I gave one to Shauna. "I'll never forget you," I whispered to her. She said the same to me.

Jen and I left but we didn't talk hardly at all on the way to her friend's. When we arrived at her friend's house I wished her a "Happy Valentine's Day" and gave her a kiss. I told her I'd call her some time this week.

After that I came straight over here, John.

****

"Wow, that was quite the story, Ray. What do you want from me?" I asked. 

"I don't know. I was going to ask Jen if she wanted to go steady last night but I never did. I watched her fuck another man, John, and I'm confused."

"You did have sex with another woman yourself also, Ray. It wasn't one-sided, both of you had sex with other people."

"I know and it was great. John, I like a woman with hair on her pussy; should I tell Jen?"
