 It was my birthday. I had just turned 20 and the birthday party my mom had thrown for me was winding down. I didn't have many over just my friends and family and around 5pm everyone had already left. I decided to take a ride out to the local Wal-Mart and use my cash card I had gotten from my sister. It only had 20 bucks on it so I thought I'd put it use and buy a new CD. I was searching through a couple CD's I thought I liked when an friend I had in high school came up and started talking.

"Hi, Jenny," I said giving her a hug. Her small body still looked as good as it did when we were seniors. She was only 4'10" tall and weighed almost nothing. I had thought about fucking her many different times and today was no exception. She had on a sleeveless Hooter's shirt a size too small. Her perfect tits were nice and round and she was nipping today. Her shorts were way too high and I could see that she was still in great shape. She had the most beautiful long blond hair and her blue eyes were piercing. She had on a pair of flip-flops and her toenails were painted to match her eyes. She was stunning. And I was getting hard.

"How are you, Brian?"

"I'm fine, my birthday was today and I was just coming out to use my cash card." 

"Well happy birthday!" She gave me another hug and this time I could feel her hard nipples through my tee shirt. My cock was beginning to get harder now that I could feel her nipples and she could definitely tell I was excited.

"Well it hasn't been the best birthday I've ever had."

"Oh," Jenny said trying not to look at my pants. "Why, if you don't mind me asking."

"Well I caught my girlfriend cheating on another guy this morning. She didn't know I was there and so I just left. I don't know what to do."

"You just left? Wow! I'd just forget about her. Hey, what are you doing after you leave Wal-Mart?"

"Probably going home, why?"

"Want to hang out? I haven't seen you all summer and it would be fun to catch up don't you think?"

Hanging out with Jenny was something I always wanted to do. She was pretty popular in school and we never talked except for in class but now it was different. She was wanting to hang out not me so it was all good.

"Sure, let me just go pay for this CD and we can go."

"Alright, hey you mind if we just ride in your car? That way we can talk while we drive."

"I don't mind."

I paid for the CD and we headed out to my car. Jenny looked hot sitting there next to me. My erection was still going strong and I know she noticed it. She was pulling her long hair blond hair back and then she looked over at me.

"So, you want to go to the park?"

"The park? My girlfriend and I always went to the park."

"Well, don't think about her, she's a bitch. You're a nice guy and she shouldn't have treated you like that."

"I don't know Jenny."

"Kiss me."

"What?"

"I said kiss me. Forget about your girlfriend and kiss me."

I looked at her for the longest time, not believing what she just told me to do. I wanted to so badly so I leaned over and slowly kissed Jenny on the lips. I didn't use a lot of tongue I just kissed her passionately, like I used to kiss my girlfriend. Jenny slowly put her right hand around to the back of my neck and took her left hand and placed it on my crotch. I moved back a little to see what she was doing and she just smiled as she rubbed my cock through my thin shorts.

"Just drive to the park, Brian. You won't be thinking about your girlfriend by the time you get there."

"Jenny," I said, "you're my friend, don't do this."

"Really? You really want me to stop rubbing your hard cock?" Her hand had grabbed my dick through the pants and she was slowly moving her hand up and down.

"Jenny," I said. Jenny just looked into my eyes and unzipped my pants. My cock sprang free and as her small, warm hand grasped my shaft I just smiled. "Jenny, nevermind. I'll just drive."

Before I could get the car into drive and back out of the parking lot Jenny had wrapped her puffy lips around the head of my cock. I almost floored the gas when she sucked my shaft into her mouth. She had positioned herself in her seat and all you could see was her ass in her tight black shorts barely peaking out the window. Her head buried in my crotch felt great. Her sucking was awesome. She slowly licked up and down my shaft all the while massaging my balls.

"Suck my balls, Jenny."

"Yes, Brian, anything you want, birthday boy."

Jenny slowly let my cock fall out of her mouth and replaced it with her hand as her mouth found its way to my balls. She took each one in her mouth and sucked ever so slightly. Her hand jerking my cock felt so good. She knew what I liked more than my girlfriend did.

"You like sucking my cock, Jenny?"

"Hmmm-hmm." Her mouth buzzed as she answered and that sent shivers all the way down my body. She was getting me close and I knew I wasn't going to last long with this blond beauty in my car sucking my hard 8inch cock. But I gave no signs of my orgasm getting close. Jenny was going to get a little surprise.

I drove as carefully as I could to the park trying not to think about my cock getting sucked on but damn! It was hard to do. Jenny was so hot. I had put a hand down her shirt and found that the only thing holding her tits in place was her shirt. She stopped long enough to take the shirt off and then without any hesitation went back to what she did best. I started to rub her nipples between my thumb and index finger and that got her going. She had to stop sucking every time I played with her nipples. She loved it so much. By the time I was half way to the park she was telling me to pinch her nipples harder and harder.

I finally made it to the park without blowing a load in Jenny's hot little mouth. But just because we were at the park didn't slow Jenny down. Her head just bobbed up and down on my cock. I moved the seat back so I could kind of lean back and watch as Jenny worked on my shaft. I took her pants off and once again I found she wasn't wearing any underwear. I didn't know Jenny was so kinky. It was a major turn on which made me want to cum even more.

Here Jenny was, my best friend, completely naked sucking my cock in the park at 6 pm. I would never had thought she'd be doing this to me. I always wanted her to but never, except in my wildest dreams, did I think she'd actually suck my cock. Just the thought of it made my cock swell and throb. Jenny took notice and slowed her pace down. I had put a hand on her head to guide her down on my hard cock. She didn't seem to mind. After a good 5 minutes she sucked all the way up my cock and let the head pop out of her mouth. She looked up at me and smiled.

"I bet these clothes are getting kind of annoying, huh? Let me help you out of them." Jenny lifted my shirt over my head and threw it in the back seat. Next she took my pants off and then my boxers. It felt good to have my cock and balls exposed to the air. Jenny took her hand and grabbed my member and leaned down to my mouth and kissed me, this time I wasn't as passionate as before and when our lips parted I took my hand and guided her head back down to my cock. She was right back at it like she hadn't even stopped and soon I could feel my orgasm starting to swell inside me again. 

Suddenly as Jenny was deep throating my cock and rubbing her hand over my balls I felt it rise up from my nuts and rush into my cock. Jenny knew what was happening and sucked nice and slowly, making my orgasm last as long as it could. She didn't mind the cum in her mouth and after I opened my eyes I could see it had leaked out and started to run down her cheek. It was the most incredible orgasm I had ever had. And the best part was Jenny was still slowly sucking my now softening cock, making sure my orgasm was completely over and that all of my cum was sucked out and swallowed.

Jenny let my cock slide out of her mouth but she didn't let go of it. She looked up at me and smiled and opened her mouth to show me the huge load she had milked from my cock. Then she swallowed it.

"How was it, Brian?"

"Un-fucking-believable."

"Your girlfriend ever do that for you?"

"She sucked, but never that good and she never swallowed, she wouldn't even let me cum in her mouth."

"What a shame, baby. I love the taste of cum."

"I love to get my cock sucked too."

"Let's go back to my place. We can have some real fun then."

"Cool."

I started to pull my pants up but Jenny protested. "Time for seconds. Just put your shirt on, Brian." Jenny grabbed my limp cock and slipped it into her mouth. In seconds my cock was 8 inches hard and getting the best blowjob of my life for the second time that day.

To be continued...