 She was grateful when he didn't try and jump her bones the next morning. He could sense that she was no longer horny, and perhaps a bit sore.

They had breakfast at a nearby diner and on the walk back to the studio Charlie posed a question: "Have you ever done any nude modeling?"

"No." was her simple answer.

"With a body as perfect as yours that begs the question: have you ever thought about it?"

"Sure, but you never know when or where those pictures are going to jump up and bite you in the ass when you least expect it."

"How about this:" he said, "Suppose we shoot some this morning, I put them on a CD, you keep the CD and that way you would be the one with control over where, when or if at all, they're used?"

"Well, I suppose..."

"You just have too great a body not to expose it, so to speak."

She laughed at his little joke, "Oh, what the hell, if you promise me I'll have the only copy, let's do it!"

"I promise."

When they arrived back at the studio he said, "Okay, you go upstairs and retouch yourself and I'll set up some backgrounds and lights."

When she came back down to the studio, wearing a terrycloth robe, Charlie was ready for her, she dropped the robe and they began shooting immediately.

She was amazed at how intensely absorbed in his work Charlie always was when he had a camera in his hands. The photograph was everything. She saw no sign of a bulge forming in the front of his jeans, or any other sign of sexual excitement. At one point, as a test, she spread her legs and pushed her cunt toward the camera in a blatant display. All he said was "I'm thinking that's a little too obvious, let's go back to where you were." 

"The man has superhuman control," she thought.

Another time he was shooting was close-up shot of her chest and he leaned in, licked her nipple and then blew on it. The purpose was to arouse it and get it to stand up for the photograph and for no other reason. It worked and he made no effort to follow through.

Charlie was a whirlwind of activity, moving a light here and tweaking a barn door there.

"This would be a lot easier if John were here to help out, but I figured you would appreciate not having an audience."

"Frankly, I wouldn't have done it with an audience."

They shot for a little over two hours and finally Charlie said. "Well, unless you have anything else you can think of, I believe that's a wrap."

"No, I trust your judgment in these matters."

"Good, I think we got some great stuff. Why don't you go get dressed, I'll make a copy of these and we'll look at them together."

"I'm excited to see them."

Charlie downloaded the pictures from his Nikon and burned a CD. He was about to start looking them over when Heidi walked in, dressed in her jeans and a T shirt. Once again, sexy as hell, dressed in the sloppiest of outfits. 

"How do they look?" she asked.

"I haven't even looked at them." He said. "We'll see them for the first time together."

They scrolled through the images and from time to time, one or the other of them would comment on a photograph. She was amazed at how beautiful they were, what he had managed to create with just a couple of props, a plain backgrounds and some very sensitive and creative lighting. In a replay of yesterday, she brushed a breast against his arm occasionally. 

When they reached the end, Charlie carefully removed the disc from the laptop and placed it in a plastic case, took a marker, wrote the date on it and handed it to Heidi. "Handle this with care and don't lose it. Remember, it's the only copy. If you ever want hard copies, just let me know."

While, technically, he was not lying, it was the only copy, the originals still resided on his hard drive and he could access them at any time. An innocent little deception, he felt.

"Well, what do you think?"

"Oh, I think they are beautiful. How can I ever thank you?"

He leered at her. "That will be easy. Let's go in the bedroom and you can make the first payment."

"I'll get out my checkbook right now.", she said, peeling off her T shirt and dropping her jeans.

They hurried into the bedroom and she went straight to the bed, collapsing on her back and holding her arms out to him. Charlie quickly dropped his trousers, then his boxers and knelt down between her legs. 

"Hurry Charlie, I need it bad."

"Badly." He corrected her.

"Oh fuck you, Charlie Wentworth, just get on with it."

He ran his hand down between her legs and began to warm her up by searching out her clit. When she lurched and yelped he knew he had struck gold. She moaned as he slipped a finger, and then a second, in her pussy and continued to excite her clit with his thumb. She arched her back and pushed against his hand. Now he moved up and replaced his fingers with his cock and she squealed with delight. 

He picked up the pace and surprised her when he pulled out and stroked his cock a couple of times before sending his cum shooting all over her belly and her tits. She laughed as he did and she spread his thick white cum all over herself then, scooping what she could with her fingers, she slowly licked them off with an exaggerated slurping sound. She squeezed the last of it out of his now dying dick and wiped off the tip with her thumb.

"I can get that stuff for you right from the source at no extra cost." He said grinning down at her.

"I think I'd like that sometime, but I've got another question for you."

"Go ahead."

"How can you be so cool when you're shooting and so passionate in the sack?"

"I guess I'm just able to detach myself when I'm shooting, because I care so much about making good photographs. Do you know who Matthew Brady was?"

"Civil War, I think."

"Very good! He once said 'The camera is the eye of history. Never make a bad photograph.' I know it's kind of corny, but I try my best never to make a bad photograph. I'm not always successful, but I try."

"That's very high-minded of you."

"I don't know about that, but I also heard someone say that you're only as good as your last photograph so, again, I try.

"You're an interesting guy, and I'd love to spend the rest of the day picking your brain and fucking your brains out, but I think I'd better get home and do some laundry and stuff."

"I understand. Let me know if you'd like some prints some time."

"How much will that cost me?"

"We'll work something out."

I like your payment plan so far." She said, giving him a kiss on the cheek and climbing back into her jeans and T-shirt.

*****

Charlie was glad to see Heidi's number come up on the caller ID. He had not seen her in almost two weeks and he had really enjoyed their photo shoot and particularly the wrap party afterward.

"Hello?"

"Hi Charlie, it's me, Heidi."

"Hi it's good to hear from you. What can I do for you?"

"I'd like to order a few prints and I need your help."

"Okay, when can you come over?"

"How about now? I could be there in twenty minutes."

Sounds good. I'll open the back door and you can park inside."

"Good, I'll see you shortly."

Charlie opened the overhead door and went to warm up his out-sized photo printer and load paper in it.

He heard a car door slam and he went to close the overhead door behind her.

"Hi Charlie, thanks for seeing me on such short notice."

"Not a problem. What do you need? I mean besides that." He said, leering at her.

She returned his leer and said, "We'll get to that later, but first I need some advice. I want to have prints made of a couple of prints made and I need your opinion." 

She produced her CD that he had given her with the pictures from their photoshoot and explained. "I've settled on number 27 and then I want another one that's a little less sexy and a little more artsy. I know sexy, but I don't trust my judgment as to what is artsy. I thought maybe you could help me out."

"Sure, let's go in the downstairs conference room and take a look."

He slipped the CD into the projector on the conference room table.

"What size did you have in mind?"

"How big are those?" she asked, pointing at some pictures hanging on a wall across from them.

"Those are 16 x 20 inches."

"I think I'd like bigger, what's the next size up?"

"20 x 24. I think I have a couple in my office, wait here, I'll be right back."

In a minute, Charlie returned with two larger prints and set them in a display tray along one wall. "The one on the left is 20 x 24, the other one in 24 x 36. I can make the 20 x 24, the other one I would have to send out to a lab. We could get them made billboard size if you've got the time and the money."

She laughed, "20 x 24 is plenty big."

"Okay, let's look at your CD and see what we've got."

After slipping the CD into his computer, they sat down and Charlie projected the pictures up on the far wall. First, they looked at number 27.

"Wow, I guess you do have an eye for sexy all right!" he commented. 

She blushed. "Now let's look for some that are a little more artistic." He said.

He suggested one that was very beautiful, but at the same time, very abstract.

"That's nice, but I want to be able to tell that it's a female figure." 

They went on and Charlie stopped at another. "How about this one?"

"That one might do." She said. "Let's remember that one."

"Okay, number 51 is in the running."

They continued and Heidi stopped him at number 87. "What do you think of that one?"

"Very nice, but it falls more in the sexy category. Let's compare it with number 51." His projector had the capability to show up to four images at once, so they made a direct comparison.

"I think you're right, Charlie, scratch number 87."

"So I think I'd like a 16x20 of number 51 and a 20x24 of Ms. Sexy there."

They continued through the rest of them and before Charlie took her CD out of the projector he said, "I'd like your approval to make a couple of 16 x 20s for the conference room too."

He showed her the three images he had in mind and she gave him her permission.

"Thanks, I'll start the printer and your pictures will be ready in about a half an hour."

"Wow I didn't expect you to make them for me. That will be great. What will we do until they're ready? Let me think..."

You go upstairs, get undressed, I'll be up in two minutes and we'll put our heads, or something, together and come up with a plan."

"Pun intended?"

"Sure, why not?"

She raised the bottom of her T-shirt over her head and flashed her tits at him. "Don't be long."

"Pun intended?" he asked, grabbing his crotch.

She laughed and ran off, taking the stairs two at a time.

When he arrived upstairs, a few minutes later she was in the bedroom, stark naked, standing by the bed with her legs spread and her hands on her hips.

"Okay, here's the plan. We start with you taking off your clothes."

He began by kicking off his sandals and unbuckling his belt. "I could have figured that out." He said, "What comes after that? Pun intended." He peeled off his shirt and slid down his boxers, unleashing that magnificent cock of his, already nearly fully erect.

She patted the bed. "Lay down on your back, with your head about here."

He did as he was told.

She positioned herself with her knees on either side of his head, facing his feet. She slowly lowered her pussy onto his face. He grabbed the backs of her thighs and at the same time began licking the length of her pussy. She anticipated his move, but was still surprised by the electric sensation. She gasped and, for a moment, forgot to live up to her end of the bargain.

He saw her juices glistening at the opening in her neatly trimmed bush. He truly enjoyed having his mouth and tongue on her cunt.

Her sensitive clit was quivering in anticipation while his tongue slid in and out of her hot wet pussy. Her juices began running down his cheeks. 

She moaned loudly when he finally brought his mouth to her clit, she already felt the wave of an orgasm welling up inside her. 

As he ran circles around her clit with his tongue, she felt the full impact of her first orgasm 

He slid his tongue into her pulsating pussy. He loved having his face buried between her legs and realized the excitement of having his tongue deep in her cunt was causing his cock to throb wildly. He feared he might cum just thinking about being inside her mouth. However, he was determined to bring her to the heights of ecstasy before he blew his wad. His tongue continued its attention to her clit.

He lightly sucked her clit as wave after wave of pleasure hit her and intense orgasm welled up deep inside her. She gasped and her body almost instantly began to convulse. She experienced a deeply intense orgasm. He held his breath while he enjoyed the feel of this beautiful model cumming in his face. 

He could feel the pull of her muscles on his tongue. Smelling the scent that wafted up from between her legs was driving him crazy. His cock stood up straight in front of her. The taste of her made his mouth water, and he wanted to take a deep drink of her juices.

Charlie concentrated on stimulating her clit; the way he knew she liked it. He flicked her clit hard with his tongue. She began grinding herself against his mouth. Charlie knew Heidi was working on another orgasm. She wanted it and he was there to help her. He could feel tremor after tremor shaking her body, and her muscles were pulling hard at his tongue.

"Oh Charlie.. Suck it baby. Suck it please?" She arched her back banging her pussy into Charlie's greedy lapping mouth and tongue, and he clamped down on her clit and sucked it hard until he felt her body tighten and convulse hard in orgasmic release. And then her juices came. Smooth and slick. Sweet and slimy, giving him his deep drink. He continued lapping at her pussy while he felt her mouth find his cock.

He continued to lap and suck at her pussy while she began to service his stiff dick. Reaching down Heidi grabbed Charlie's hard throbbing dick

She slowly slid her lips around his cock. She started sucking and pulling and teasing his cock with just a little bit of her teeth. He liked the sensation of her teeth against his dick. 

She ran her tongue up underneath his cock from balls to tip. With one of her hands she cupped his balls with the other she slid it up and down his cock. Eventually she let her tongue circle around the tip, teasing him. He became very excited and started pumping his cock to the back of her throat and with one last forward push he felt his orgasm build and he exploded in her mouth shooting great quantities of hot cum into her eager mouth. 

She moaned as she felt his cum hit the back of her throat. She nearly gagged as her mouth filled with his cum, but she gulped, swallowed as much as she could and then sucked hard one last time, slipped her lips from his still hard cock and licked him clean.

She rolled off him and they both lay there, exhausted at the intensity of their exercise.

They cleaned themselves up and went down to see how her prints were coming along. 

The prints had fallen into a tray at the base of the printer. Charlie spread the prints out on a long worktable and inspected them carefully.

"They look good to me. What do you think?"

"They are just amazing Charlie, thank you so much."

He tore off some butcher's paper, interleaved the prints and rolled them very loosely. "Handle them carefully and above all else, don't get them wet."

"I'll be careful. One more thing: do know where I could find a good frame shop?"

"Sure, in the next block, on this side of the street there's a place called The Frame Up. Mention my name and they ought to give you my discount."

"Wonderful. Thanks a million."

*****

She drove directly to the frame shop and carefully laid her treasures out on the counter. "Hi, my name is Heidi, Charlie Wentworth suggested your shop."

He looked down at the photographs and said, "I could have guessed that this was Charlie's work. My name is Frank.

She smiled and said, "Nice to meet you, Frank. I would like to get these framed. I'd like this one 'flush mounted', do you know what that means?" She indicated the larger of the two.

"Sure, just like Charlie does?"

"I'm glad you know what I'm talking about, because I sure don't."

"I'd suggest you have it coated with clear epoxy to protect it from UV rays and water."

"Sold."

"How about this one?" he asked, indicating the 16 x 20?"

"Do you happen to do any work for Mueller and Mueller down the other way?"

"As a matter of fact we do."

"I'd like it framed like the ones hanging in their conference room."

"I've never seen their conference room, but here's a type they order often." He indicated a frame hanging on the wall behind him.

"That's the one, I'm sure."

He showed her the order form, asked her to initial it, and said, "I'll need 50% down and the balance on delivery. They should be ready Friday, about noon. Is that okay."

"That's great." She said getting out her checkbook. "But, I think I'll pay for the whole thing now, if you don't mind."

"I never refuse full payment. Here's your receipt and your claim number is the receipt number."

"I'll see you Friday."

"Friday it is."

As soon as she had left his shop, Frank took Heidi's pictures in the back, called home, told his wife he was coming home for lunch a little early and left, hoping to get laid.

*****

Heidi was at The Frame Up right at noon on Friday to pick up her order. Fred showed her the framed prints and she complimented him on his work. He started to wrap them in more butcher paper.

"You don't have to do that, I'll be real careful."

"I'm not so concerned about that." He said, "I was more worried about prying eyes."

"Oh, okay, maybe that's a good idea."

He helped her load them in the back seat of her car and, when he had gone back in his shop she took out her cell phone and called Mueller and Mueller. After she identified herself, the receptionist put her through to E. Paul.

"Heidi! I'm so glad to hear from you. Where are you?"

"I'm just down the street from your office. I have a couple of things I'd like to give you and I wondered if you were going to be in the office."

"We usually take off at noon on Friday during the summer, but come on down. I'll open the overhead door off the alley for you."

"I'll be there momentarily."

She found the door open, pulled in next to E. Paul's car and he closed the door behind her.

"Come on in." he said from the loading dock. "I'd like you to meet my staff. What have you got there?"

"I'd rather give you these privately." She said.

"No problem, everyone was just about to leave, then I'll look at what you've got."

He held the door to the offices for her and, much as she didn't want to meet his staff, he seemed determined. He began the introductions with two men who were just covering their large computer screens with protective covers.

"Sam, George, this is Heidi Bergmann, a friend of mine from our little Friday evening dinner group."

They exchanged pleasantries and Heidi and E. Paul moved toward the front of the office where they met an attractive, very young brunette.

"Sherry Sokolowski, I'd like you to meet Heidi Bergmann. Sherry is our comptroller, our job coordinator receptionist and the glue that holds the office together. I couldn't get along without her."

Heidi said, "If you're smart, you'll ask him for a raise, right now Sherry. Pleased to meet you" They laughed, shook hands and immediately disliked one another, a fact that passed right over E. Paul's head.

When the last of them had left E. Paul asked, "What is it you have for me?"

"Never mind that. When did you and Sherry have your affair?"

"What? What makes you think we had an 'affair' as you put it?"

"Okay, 'roll in the hay', 'had wild, unfettered sex', whatever. Do you deny it?"
