 The front door slammed shut causing Jenny Kersting to groggily sit up in bed. She peaked out of the blinds of her bedroom window above her bed. There was a man she didn't recognize hurriedly walking to a car that she assumed was his. He stood at the driver side of the car, nervously glancing back at the apartment building as he fixed his tie. As he drove away, it occurred to Jenny that she already knew who he was without ever seeing him before.

This mystery man was just another faceless man that her mother had brought home. This was a common occurrence in the Kersting home. Her mother, Emma, liked to go out with her friends to random bars and clubs around town. Emma would bounce around on the dance floor in some tiny little dress, attract some sleaze ball, convince him to pay for all of her drinks that she had ordered that night, and then bring him home for a night of raunchy, drunken sex. The next morning, the douche bag would wake up hung over and sneak out to his car. He'd drive off before anyone woke up, never to be seen again. They never did make it to breakfast. Not that that was such a tragedy. Jenny never did care for the way they'd ogle her mother as she stumbled her way up the stairs of their apartment building. These men were always so cocky and full of themselves, strutting about like they've just won the ultimate prize, i.e. my mother.

Emma was a beautiful woman. On top of being beautiful, she was confident. A deadly combination. She stood 5'7". She was slender and in shape with curves that could stop traffic. She has a shapely ass that jiggled enticingly when she swayed her hips as she walked and strutted around. Her legs were long and smooth. Although, all of these things paled in comparison to her best asset. Emma has a size 34DDD bust, all natural, all perky, all day, with pink little nipples that never seemed to quit. Knowing how blessed she was to have assets such as these; Emma made little effort to conceal them. She showed off every chance she could, whether that meant "forgetting" to wear a bra that day, or unbuttoning her blouse just a little too much, or just deliberately not putting on underwear beneath short skirts, dresses, and shorts. The problem with Emma was that despite all of her confidence and personality, she was seen as good for one thing and one thing only: fucking. Not to mention she didn't really help men's thoughts or women's judgments by the way she'd tease and seduce her admirers. Men would play into her games, get what they wanted, and be on their way. It didn't seem to bother Emma too much though, because there was always another man giving her more attention than the last.

Jenny envied the attention her mother would get every now and then. But it wasn't until a few years ago that it finally dawned on Jenny what her mother really was: a slut. Not that Jenny had much of a reason to be envious. She never had any problems attracting boys either. But whatever boy Jenny would bring home would move on to a "bigger prize" the second they'd meet Emma. This only made Jenny compete with her mother, wearing more provocative clothing and being a bigger tease to the men around her. Jenny was no stranger to the one night stand either. She was just more discreet about it. As Jenny got older, she realized she was just like her mother: a slut.

Not caring about the new notch on her mother's belt, Jenny broke her train of thought, rolled over, and tried to fall back to sleep. It was rather difficult though. She had a nagging urge to check on her mother. Sometimes Emma would wake up just as her boy toy would be leaving her bedroom, and she didn't always take it too well. She wasn't so much heartbroken as she was just disappointed she'd lost her opportunity for a morning quickie in the shower and someone to make her coffee as she got ready for work. 

Jenny convinced herself to get out of bed and check on her mother. Before she did so, she lazily stood up and stretched away her morning aches, arching her back and jutting out her chest making her own full pair of 34DDDs seem larger than they already were. They jiggled slightly as they settled back to their gravity defying perkiness when she let her arms fall to her side. She walked in front of her mirror and noticed that her self-tanner was working; much to her relief, she didn't look like an orange. Jenny turned so she could see the way her long dark hair fell just short of the curve of her ass. Finally, her hair was almost to the length she'd been growing it for years now. Eyeing herself and doing a thorough inspection was just part of her daily routine. Jenny continued to stand naked in front of her mirror admiring herself when there was a knock on her door. Before Jenny could answer it, her mother walked in with eagerness. "Happy Birthday, Jenny!" Emma exclaimed, her arms spread wide. Jenny was too surprised by Emma's sudden entrance to pay much mind to her joyous greeting.

"Mom! You can't just barge in here," Jenny snapped as she hurriedly tried to find her robe to cover herself up. Jenny found her robe and put it on. It was a thin, yellow satin bathrobe that Jenny had outgrown a long time ago but just didn't have the heart to get rid of. It barely was long enough to cover her mound or the entirety of her round ass, nor would it hold in her massive jugs, which meant the robe was always wide open, the lapels stopping just short of her pert pink nipples. The buxom teen turned toward her mother, hand on hip, waiting for an explanation; she shifted on her feet, tugging on the hem of her robe, nervous that her privates were exposed.

Emma just laughed at her daughter's lame attempt to cover herself up. "There's no need to be embarrassed, darling. I've seen you naked before. This certainly won't be the last time," she said trying to console her daughter. "Anyway, I was just coming in here to wish you a happy eighteenth birthday."

Jenny turned red, feeling guilty at reprimanding her mother when Emma only had pure intentions for coming into her bedroom. "Thanks, Mom." Jenny looked her mother over. It was incredible! Even in a pair of sweat pants and a zip up hoodie, Emma managed to look sexy. Well, it didn't hurt that sweat pants sat extremely low on her hips, her black lace thong peeking out over the waistband, and she wasn't wearing anything but a demi cut bra beneath the zip up hoodie. Her nipples could be seen pushing against the velvet fabric of the zip up hoodie. Her hair was in a perfectly messy bun atop her head and her makeup was, although on the lighter and more natural side, still done perfectly. 

"So, are you ready for your big day, sweetie?" Emma asked.

"What big day? I'm just going to school," Jenny replied, a little suspicious.

"Oh, not today you're not. I'm taking you to my plastic surgeon today," Emma said with an excited twinkle in her eye.

"What?! Why would you do that?! I don't need plastic surgery, Mom!" Jenny exclaimed, feeling a little offended. What was her mother implying? Is she ugly? Fat? Are her tits lopsided?

"No, no. You're misunderstanding me, honey. I'm taking you there to get a special procedure done. It's not to change you. It's to make your life much easier." explained Emma. At this point her mother was beaming, the secret of this surprise was ready to burst from her lips.

"What are you talking about?" asked Jenny, now growing exhausted with this guessing game her mother was inadvertently forcing her to play.

"I'm taking you to get laser hair removal. Basically, the doctor with destroy all your hair follicles and hair won't grow there anymore. You'll never have to shave again!" Emma beamed, convinced her gift was priceless. She was right. She could see all over Jenny's face how excited she was!

"You mean I don't have to shave anywhere..." Jenny questioned, motioning down to the apex of her thighs.

"That's right! No more shaving your pussy! No more shaving your legs! No more shaving your armpits! You'll just be smooth like a baby's bottom all the time!"

Jenny immediately went to her closet and starting getting dressed, choosing a tight blue V-neck baby tee, some tiny denim shorts, and a pair of 4-inch sandal heels. She couldn't wait to get the procedure now. Her life would be so much easier knowing she'd never have to pick up a razor again.

Twenty minutes later, Jenny and Emma were in the car on their way to Dr. Raymond Edwards' office. He was the best plastic surgeon in town, and all the housewives used him for their various nips and tucks, lifts and injections. He also had a reputation for accepting sexual favors as payment from the women that couldn't afford some of the more expensive procedures. Jenny had heard rumors that he only hired really attractive women to work for him as a way to convince more women to use his procedures in hopes of looking like his staff. Jenny vaguely recalled a moment in time when Emma considered applying for a job for Dr. Edwards only being turned down on the sheer fact that his office was severely overstaffed.

When they got to the office, Jenny just assumed the rumors about his staff to be true. The secretary herself looked like a playboy bunny with flawless skin, a tight little body, long bleached blonde hair, and huge fake boobs. Her name tag said Candy. "Hi! May I help you today?" she said in a high pitched but cheerful voice. 

"Yes, we have an appointment today with Dr. Edwards for the laser hair removal. It should be under the name Kersting," Emma told her.

"Oh, yes! Here you are! Right on time!" Candy started typing away on her keyboard, a worried expression striking her face, " And it seems your information is already in the system. Ms. Kersting, it says here you've already had a laser treatment. Was the first one defective? Because you shouldn't need another one," Candy asked with concern in her voice.

"Oh, no," Emma reassured her, "It's not for me. It's for my daughter, Jenny. She's eighteen today and I thought this might be a nice treat for her."

Candy flashed her most excitable smile at Jenny. "Oh! You'll be so happy you did it! I know after I had my laser treatment done, it completely changed my life! What a great gift your mom is giving you!"

"Thank you," Jenny squeaked. She felt a little intimidated by this woman for some odd reason. Maybe it was her larger than life personality. But something deep in Jenny's loins told her it was the size of Candy's tits that truly intimidated her. Somehow, this airbrushed Barbie seemed to have her life together more than anyone should. But you know what they say: you never know what goes on behind closed doors.

Emma and Jenny took their seats in the stiff plastic chairs in the waiting room. Emma sat up straight feeling far superior to the other women in the waiting room. Most of them looked frozen with Botox, wrinkled and waiting for collagen shots, or too fat waiting on a liposuction consultation. Emma never needed any of those things. As a woman of 34, Emma's beauty and physique rivaled that of Candy. Only better because her assets were real, and perky on their own with the help of a commitment to exercise. Emma glanced over to Jenny and saw her looking around at the women as well, but Jenny seemed to be looking at them differently than Emma was. Jenny saw them with curiosity, maybe even sympathy as opposed to a sense of superiority, even though she should feel much superior. Jenny was easily ten times more beautiful than any woman in this waiting room. Jenny could even be considered a contender against Emma, although Jenny was basically the younger version of Emma. Identical in most every way. 

Candy stuck her head out of the office door into the waiting room a few moments later. "Miss Kersting!" she called out, breaking Emma's train of thought. Emma and Jenny got up and followed Candy through the door. Emma couldn't help but quietly snicker under her breath. Candy's frame and body were extremely tiny, and having breasts the size of hers almost made her look like an animated character. Her cup size had to be at least full G! Maybe even bigger! On such a tiny frame, it was almost comical. Even Jenny had a slightly amused face, as she was unknowingly thinking the same thoughts as her mother. Although, despite her animated figure, Candy did carry her curves well. Jenny noticed the way her baby blue nurse's uniform hugged her voluptuous curves, the bottom hem of the dress tightly snuggled against the bottom curve of her butt. Her legs were completely exposed. Her hips swayed in an enticing rhythm as she led them down the hall to the examination room.

Candy opened the door to Examination Room 4. It had a small desk and stool, a single guest chair, and an examination table. There were various medical tools and cabinets on the wall. Jenny jumped up onto the examination table; the sudden movements making her tits jiggle. Emma took her seat in the guest's chair, crossing her legs in an elegant fashion. It was only moments later before Dr. Edwards entered the room. 

He sported a white lab with his name in blue embroidery over the breast pocket that held various tools and pens, a stethoscope around his neck, a light blue button up shirt and gray slacks. He looked to be in his early 40s. His hair was graying slightly, sort of a salt and pepper sort of gray. His eyes were a brilliant blue, like the color of tropical oceans. He was in good shape with a Hollywood handsome sort of face. Even through his professional attire you could see the hard outline of his pectorals and abs. He looked like a walking, talking, and perfectly tanned Ken doll, perfectly matched to his Barbie staff.

"Hello, Emma. Good to see you again. Not here for another freckle removal, are we?" he started off with, punctuating his joke with a deep and hearty chuckle.

Emma laughed softly. "Oh, not today. Today is about Jenny, my daughter. She's eighteen today. So, I brought her down her to have a laser hair removal treatment as a gift."

"Excellent! You must be Jenny," exclaimed Dr. Edwards, extending a hand out to Jenny and drinking in the sight of her gorgeous teen body, "I'm Dr. Edwards. You can trust you'll be in very caring hands!"

"Thanks. Nice to meet you," said Jenny, tenderly shaking the man's hand.

"So, what areas were we looking to treat today?" Dr. Edwards asked Jenny.

Emma spoke up for her. "We want them all done today. Her legs, from her ankles all the way to her bikini line, her armpits, and her pu- vagina.. Umm.. Vagina area."

Dr. Edwards just smile sweetly toward Jenny. "That sounds great. Laser hair removal is very beneficial and makes life much easier. No more razor bumps or itching. No more ingrown hairs. No more having to buy a razor or shaving cream. I'm sure you'll be very pleased with this decision. Now Jenny, if you would just stay in here and remove all your clothing, underwear too, I'll send in Candy to set up the equipment and make sure the areas we'll be working on today are clean and blemish free. Meanwhile, your mom and I are going to meet in my office briefly to discuss a payment plan for your treatment." He placed his hand on the small of Emma's back, leading her into the hall and closing the door behind him. Emma looked back to Jenny on her way out the door, crinkling her nose in an adorable way.

"Dr. Edwards, I'm so happy I can put my daughter in your hands. She's going to be so thrilled when the procedure is over." Emma enthused.

"I'm happy you came to me as well, my darling. Putting my hands on beautiful women and making them feel like they've never felt before when they leave this office is what makes this job worth having," he said, opening the door to his office for her. He walked in behind her, admiring the sexy sway of her hips as she walked. 

She sat down in the chair in front of Dr. Edwards' desk, crossing her legs in a way that pushed out her ass. Her back was arched so to give her body a sexy curve while talking to him. Dr. Edwards leaned against the front of his desk, directly in front of her. "So, payment plans. Are you paying in full on a credit card, cash, check; or shall we discuss alternative arrangements?"

"How much is the procedure? I did mine one area at a time so I don't quite know how much it is to do it all at once." Emma told him.

"It's $4, 628," Dr. Edwards stated in a matter of fact tone.

Emma bit her lip, thinking about her options.

"I can't pay that in full. I can pay maybe $3,000 of it today. But, not all of it. Even that will have to be on a credit card." A worried look struck Emma's face.

"Well, we do have an alternative payment plan that might appeal to someone in your position," Dr. Edwards said with a secret smile stretching across his face. 

"What are my options?" asked Emma.

Dr. Edwards walked around Emma and stood behind her. He placed his hands on her shoulders and started to gently massage them. Her skin was smooth like butter. Emma leaned her head forward slightly and moaned softly. This is the sort of touch Emma missed the most. The majority of the men Emma slept with were rough and demanding. Dr. Edwards' touch was sensual; yet there was still a sense of authority as well. He rolled his fingers over her tense shoulder and neck muscles. From this particular angle, Dr. Edwards had an impressive view of the swelled valley of Emma's cleavage. What he wouldn't give to shove his face between those magnificent tits. He'd love to suck on her little pink nipples. Soon the urges became too much and he gave into temptation. Dr. Edwards let his fingertips trail down Emma's chest, dragging his fingertips and bit, continuing down until his hands were inside her hoodie and he hefted her heavy tits out of her demi cup bra. He held them in his hand squeezing and massaging her massive titflesh. Her hard little nipples pressed against his palms.

"Mmm. It's a shame I didn't get to work with these beauties," Dr. Edwards said softly in her ear, "Who did this fine work, sweetheart?"

"No one," Emma said full of herself and a little out of breath, "They're all natural and all mine." She pushed her chest harder into Dr. Edwards' hands, enjoying the massage he was giving her. Her pink little nipples became hard like little pebbles against his hands. Instinctively he tweaked them once, making Emma twitch a bit.

"I'd love to see them, darling." He pulled his hands out of her zip up and walked around in front of her. Emma didn't need any more convincing. She loved showing off her body, especially to people who outwardly admired it. She slid down the zipper and shrugged off the hoodie. Her nipples stood proud and were hardened in the air conditioned office air. Dr. Edwards moaned a soft approval, reached forward and tweaked her nipples again, sending a chill over Emma's skin.

"Maybe we should see how they stand alone without the bra, my dear." It sounded more like an order than a request. But, Emma still obliged. "I don't think you'll be disappointed, doctor," she purred. She reached behind her to unclip her bra; the movement caused her full tits to jut out closer to Dr. Edwards. The bra then fell to the floor between them and Dr. Edwards was shocked when her tits barely sagged without the bra on. The basically stayed in place, like she was still wearing an invisible bra.

"I'm amazed, sweetheart. Are you sure there's no silicon in those? They're much too perky and firm to be real."

"I promise you, Dr. Edwards. I just take care of my body."

"Yes, well that much is definitely apparent. And speaking of taking care of our bodies, we have to get back to the situation at hand. What about your payment options regarding Jenny's full body treatment? I realize you don't want to pay the full price tag. So, I've come up with a special solution for you. Are you interested in hearing about it?"

"Oh, absolutely, Dr. Edwards," she said eagerly.

"I can take $500 off the bill if you were to do a favor for me. Maybe show me how talented your mouth is..." Dr. Edwards began unbuckling his belt, his groin face to face with Emma. He unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them half way down his thighs. He rubbed his growing cock through his boxer briefs. He pulled his briefs down to his thighs, his hard prick leaping out and slapping his lower belly. His cock was long and thick, the tiny vein pulsating harder with every second it came closer to being encased in Emma's sexy and warm mouth.
