 In the middle of the night, you knocked on my hotel room door. Thinking it was one of my students on the convention trip, or possibly an emergency, I jumped out of bed and rushed to answer it, not even thinking to look out the peephole first. In the dimly lit hallway, I couldn't see your face, but I knew it was you, dressed in darkness and smelling like distilled sin.

"Jenny, I've missed you," he said. "I haven't visited you in years." The words vibrated across my skin, your deep voice so familiar, and yet so otherworldly at the same time.

"That's true," I replied, "Not since I conjured you on a particularly lonely night in college."

"You look the same, like a 12 year old girl playing at being an adult. The pajamas and the mussed curls only add to the effect." As soon as the words left your mouth, however, you seemed to notice the very grown-up curves of my unbound breasts and my ass in my skimpy pajama bottoms. "I take it back, you're more beautiful than I remembered."

"You'd better come in," I said hesitantly, "I can't have one of my students or another chaperone catching you coming into my room." Even as the words were still hanging in the air, we both knew what they really meant, we both knew that my heart was pounding, that I was uncontrollably wet the moment I saw you outside my door. Making love to you, fucking you, was a foregone conclusion, just as it had been on every visit since you magically appeared that first time, the answer to my fantasies, my own perfect fuck toy to do with as I pleased, to appease all my needs and desires with absolutely no consequences.

Taking your hand, I pulled you into my dark hotel room, careful not to trip over my suitcase or my desire on the way to the bed. Your hands rough against my face, you fused your lips to mine, letting me taste your need and your passion. Needing to touch more of you, I pulled you down to the bed, and stretched out full-length on top of you, cradling your iron-hard cock against my melting center.

"Why were you gone so long?" I moaned against his mouth. "Didn't you hear me calling for you? Don't you know how many nights I needed you, here like this with me?"

"I was taking care of some things," you whispered hotly against my neck. "And when I leave tonight, I won't ever be able to return. I came to say goodbye, to leave covered in you, with my memory of you fresh enough to last for the rest of my life."

Distraught, I pulled back to look at you in the scant moonlight streaming through my window. "Leaving forever? I don't understand."

Knowing that no answer would appease me, you swallowed my fear and sadness and anger with another passionate kiss, rolling us over to pin me underneath you, loosely holding my wrists above my head. Before I could say anything else, you pulled my shirt up to reveal my breasts, heaving with emotion and unbearably erect before your eyes. Knowing what I needed without me having to ask, just like the first time, you took my hard nipple into your furnace-hot mouth, curled your tongue around it, bit it gently, sucked it hard enough to make me cry out, although I had no name to call out in my ecstasy. 

Cradling my soft breasts in your hands, moaning against my scented skin even as your tongue and lips and teeth were driving me to the edge of madness, I could feel your own emotions boiling beneath the surface, your regret and your grief. 

"Let's make it count," I moaned into the darkness, drowning in the feel of your mouth moving wetly against my skin. "Let's make something we'll both remember when we're old and gray," I said, running my hands through your hair, and holding you tenderly against my heart.

"I have to warn you, I need you too much to be gentle, to cherish you the way I would like. I need to fill you with my cock until we're both screaming. I need you hard and fast, wet and throbbing. I need to feel you coming around me over and over until I can't take it anymore, and I need all of that right now." Knowing that you wouldn't need to convince me of anything, that I would take all that you could give and still ask for more, you moved your hand down to hold my pussy, savoring the feel of me jerking against you in response. "So very wet," you whispered.

"So ready for your cock," I pleaded. "Please, please be a part of me." Taken aback by my near-begging, you hesitated for a second too long, and I had no choice but to take control of the situation. Pushing you onto your back, I instantly took your hard cock into my aching pussy. For a few seconds, I just stayed still, savoring the feel of you deep inside of me. And then, casting aside all pretenses, I began to fuck myself mercilessly on your cock, grinding your cock against my most sensitive spots, knowing that there is no way I would last more than 30 seconds before exploding for you.

Moaning heavily, completely lost in the task of bringing myself to the brink, I looked down into your eyes, and saw only wonder as you intently watched me lose myself. Taking matters into your own hands, you drew my nipples back into your mouth, and almost immediately you simultaneously watched and felt and heard me shatter. Despite knowing I would need a few seconds to recover, you laid me down on my back, and slid smoothly between my parted legs. I cried out before you even touched me, knowing what was coming whether I was ready for it or not. And then, there was only your mouth on my pussy, and everything else in the world ceased to exist. You seemed to lose control with the smell and taste of my come covering your lips and tongue after so long an absence, and you devoured me as if your life depended on it. Overcome by pleasure bordering on pain, I arched against your mouth, and held your head against me greedily, my screams and moans filling the room until I shattered again, fast and hard and with your tongue deep inside of me.

Breathing hard, flushed from head to toe, and still feeling the aftershocks of a truly amazing climax, I pushed you onto your back, and settled myself between your legs to contemplate the perfection that is your hard cock, twitching with need, and still covered in my come and drops of your own desire. For a few moments, I just looked at it, trying to memorize the path of every vein and the shade of your throbbing cock head. Laying my head upon your thigh, I reached out to stroke your balls, heavy with all of the lovely come you were saving for me. Inhaling deeply of your scent, I lazily stretched my tongue out to trace intricate patterns everywhere but where you needed them, carefully avoiding your cock until your hips were bucking beneath my mouth. Finally, when neither of us could take it a second longer, I firmly grabbed your cock, and without warning, took you deep into my busy mouth. "Oh Jenny," you moaned, overcome by the feel of my tongue flicking against your sensitive spots. "I had forgotten how incredible your mouth feels on me."

Too busy keeping my mouth stuffed with your cock, I only moaned in response, constantly moving my mouth slowly up and down your shaft while I simultaneously milked you with my small soft hand, sucking off each drop of my come from earlier and treasuring each drop of your pungent pre-cum swiped by my tongue. Miraculously, I could feel you grow harder and thicker in my mouth, making it that much harder to take all of you in my throat. With each stroke of my mouth on your cock, I could feel the corresponding response in my empty, needy pussy. As much as I would have loved to swallow that first huge, hot load, I knew that there would be time for that later, and that right now, there were more pressing matters at hand.

"I would like to make a motion that you fuck me deeply now," I moaned. 

"I second that motion," you replied, jumping up off the bed and pulling me to my knees on the bed in front of you. In one smooth motion, you grabbed my hips, and pulled me backwards onto your cock, splitting me open and stretching me deliciously, making us both moan in response.

"So incredibly hot and wet and tight. Have I ever told you that you have the most perfect pussy imaginable?" he asked, breathing heavily.

"Maybe your cock was just made to fit me perfectly, to fuck me perfectly," I replied. "Now, please."

And with that, no more words were necessary, the movement of our bodies in perfectly choreographed harmony speaking volumes about our sexual compatibility and the number of hours we had spent locked into this dance. The room was filled with the sounds of your balls hitting my clit as your fucked me, our twin moans on every deep, hard stroke, and the sweet, sweaty, musky smell of truly extraordinary sex, the sounds and smells I had missed on so many nights longing for you.

"Oh, please, harder, I'm going to come," I moaned into the darkness, pushing myself harder and faster back onto your cock.

"Come with me," you whispered harshly, gripping my hips hard enough to leave your fingerprints for me to admire in the following days.

I groaned, "Oh, baby, I need your come, please, I need it deep inside of me. I'm so close, I need to feel your big cock exploding for me." Hearing me begging for you, you gave me exactly what I needed, your loud groans and moans mixing with mine as we both experienced mind-shattering release. When I came back to myself, my every nerve ending still sizzling, I could feel your hot come leaking out of pussy and dripping down my thighs...and I could feel you, still hard and hot and lodged deep inside of me, your hands still holding me tightly pulled against you.

"Am I dreaming this?" I asked breathlessly.

Without answering, you pulled away from me, making me moan as your cock slid out of my now-bereft cunt. Gently rolling me onto my back in the middle of the bed, you stretched out on top of me, once again filling me with your perfect hardness, but not moving inside of me yet. 

"I have years of dreaming of you to make up for," you whispered against my lips, before taking possession of my mouth with alternating soft and hard, deep and gentle kisses. Tracing your tongue along my sensitive ear, and licking your way down my neck, you again took my nipples into your mouth, feeling my pussy convulse around your cock in response. At the same time, you began to move smoothly inside of me, only withdrawing a few inches rather than your whole length, taking care to keep your cock buried deep inside of me as much as possible. Already overstimulated beyond belief, the feel of your mouth on my nipples traveled straight down to my clitoris while your cock stroked my slick insides, and I knew that I would soon be coming again for you. But you stopped before my ragged breathing could turn into screams of release, just holding yourself unmoving so deeply inside of me that I couldn't tell where you ended and I began, kissing me passionately. After another few minutes of this, my hips moving beneath you as I tried and failed to get the friction I needed, you started moving again inside of me, slowly fucking yourself into my hungry pussy until I got too close again. Again, you stopped, staying still despite my moans of protest, despite my movements beneath you, despite my hands on your ass attempting to pull you ever deeper inside of me. Equally hating and loving this torture, I gave myself over completely to it and to you, letting you keep me hanging at the brink of orgasm for what seemed like twenty or thirty minutes, although it could just as easily have been five minutes or five hours. When every slow, aching stroke of your cock only served to make me tremble more in your arms and moan more loudly in your ear, you eventually took pity on me, and fucked me hard and fast for the fifteen seconds it took for the biggest, scariest orgasm of my life to wash over me. 

Clinging to you, knowing that I would never come this hard again in my life, knowing this was the last time I would ever come around your beautiful cock, I tried to show you how I felt with every inch of my overheated skin against you, every hot press of my lips against your jaw, every breathless shattered moan in your ear.

As soon as I thought I could get up without having my legs collapse beneath me, I moved away from you, stopping to take your cock deep into my throat for a split second before moving to kneel on the floor next to the bed. Taking this cue as an invitation to indulge in one of our favorite past times, you moved to stand over top of me, knowing without me asking that what I wanted was to watch you stroke yourself to another climax, to come all over my face and tongue and breasts. 

Right away, you stroked your cock hard and fast right in front of my face, my copious come making you glisten wetly in the dim light. Already close for me, I watched joyfully as your neck corded with tension and your heavy balls got tight a mere three or four inches from my eyes. Sliding my hand up to stroke them, leaning over to lick them delicately, I could tell by your breathing that you were about to give me a huge load of thick, delicious white come. 

Leaning back, I opened my mouth and kept my eyes on yours as you gave me all of you, as you loudly cried out for me, as you came more for me than ever before, enough to coat my face, cover my tongue, and drip all over my erect nipples. Swallowing quickly, I leaned over to suck gently on the head of your cock, to make sure that I got every last drop of my come, to clean your dripping cock with my tongue, and to savor the flavor and heat of your come filling my mouth. 

The next thing I knew, my alarm was going off. The room smelled strongly of sex, my well-used pussy was still leaking our juices, and I could feel your come dried upon my face and breasts. But before I even opened my eyes, I knew that you were gone, and that you wouldn't be back, your only lasting contribution a smattering of fingerprinted bruises on my soft white ass, and enough masturbation-worthy memories to last for the next fifty years.