 She closed her eyes tightly and slid down into the warm bubbly water, how the other half lives, she smiled to herself. Of course she had been in the pool at the river a few times, (once even naked on that summer night last year, with some of the other servants from the estate); but her usual washing was done in the pantry sink , or twice a month in the old tin hip-bath that the house servants used in front of the range in the back kitchen. Even then she was usually second or third in, after Mrs Cox the housekeeper and Molly, his lordships' maid, and the water was never this hot, or smelt so fine.

It did not occur to Jenny to question her position, she was the lady's maid and truth to tell it was a better job than most. Her ma been a laundry woman for many years, and worked all hours to keep the family all fed. She had rough red hands from the lye soap to prove it. Her Da had been injured in the stables when a horse had kicked him, and had never recovered enough to work again.

Jenny let her cares slip away as she slid deeper, and began to daydream of the handsome gentleman who would come and whisk her away to the city. She was a bit of a daydreamer, and being in the mistresses rooms was always a good place to set her off on one of here fantasies..

There was a knock on the door. It was only a quiet tap, but to Jenny it was the sound of disaster.

She froze, horrified; if she was caught in her mistresses' bathroom acting like a countess, she would be out on her ear and her family would likely be dismissed from service. They would be reduced to beggars. They could starve.. Before she could finish the thought, the door opened

Jenny was still frozen with fear; she could not move her head, or even raise her eyes to look at who it was, she was so terrified. 

There was a pause that seemed to go on for ever, then she heard the polite voice of Bernard, the under butler, saying, 

"Ah, I see you are at your bath madam, perhaps a little more hot water?"

Jenny made a small sound, it sounded more like a mouse squeaking than a person, but it seemed to be acceptable as she heard Bernard saying

"Very good madam, you stay there, I will fetch some directly"

He stepped back through the door and closed it behind him.

Could he have mistaken her for the Countess? She did have her mass of dark hair stuffed into a maids' mob cap to keep dry, and he was off to one side, he had not looked directly at her face had he? 

But even as she thought this, she knew it was a vain hope, Jenny was only 23, she was quite petite and although she was certainly curvy enough, she was nothing at all like the Countess; who she had heard one dinner guest refer to a "mighty galleon, sailing the waters of society"

No, the only explanation was that Bernard, who she did not know very well, had decided to overlook her crime, although he was senior to her and not one of her circle of friends, he was a servant after all, and maybe he was on her side. She began to clamber out of the big white iron bath.

As she stood, she and reached for the plug chain she realised what he had said, 

"stay there" he had said quite clearly hadn't he? Should she stay, or should she get quickly dressed and start cleaning up the bathroom, maybe he would pretend he had never seen her..

All she knew about Bernard was that he always seemed serious, he was maybe ten years older than her, and he was strong. (She had seen him loading sacks of grain into a cart and Tom , the under footman, had gone to help him, but could not even lift the sacks! (Much to the chagrin of Tom and the amusement of Jenny and Molly). 

He was a bit of a loner too, he liked to walk his dog in the woods and hills around the estate, and would often have left the servants kitchen by the time Jenny ( who was not a naturally early riser) went to breakfast. 

"Here you go your ladyship" announced Bernard, backing into the room with a huge jug of steaming water.

"That is a very poor bath you have there, this will fill it up a bit, sit tight and I will pour it over your back if you like". 

Jenny sat quickly and holding one arm across her breasts kept as still as she could, though she could not stop a slight quivering with apprehension, while Bernard slowly poured the hot water over her shoulders. The water was scented with something, lavender, it smelt like and Jenny found she could breathe again, 

Bernard kept talking quietly, almost to himself, just as he did with his dog or the horses. 

"Nice to have a good bath eh? Madam, soothes away your worries, there is nothing like it for relaxing you and making you feel that everything is OK. Not too warm is it? you can soap yourself a bit if you want, I still have some water left for rinsing, or perhaps I should scrub your back? How about your hair? Best place to wash it is in the tub with someone to help you rinse, far better than an old sink"

Jenny was still frightened, but began to relax slowly as he chatted on, when he mentioned washing her hair the sink she knew that there was no real confusion, he knew perfectly well who she was, and what she was doing, and had decided to play along. She began to feel better and here old high spirits returned as she realised that the disaster she feared was not going to happen. 

"Bern..." she began, but he cut her off, 

"You can call me squire, and I will call you madam, I think that is best don't you?" 

"Alright, er squire," she said, "what is next?"

"Well madam, as I said, I think your hair could do with a wash, the whole household has gone away for the day to town, as you know, so there is plenty of time to let it dry"

"Thankyou squire, that would be acceptable" said Jenny getting into the spirit of the charade, after all she had often imitated the aristocrats who came to the estate, perhaps Bernard had even heard her? 

Jenny was still very nervous and aware that her position was precarious, but when her mob cap was slipped off and Bernard began to pour warm water over her head she leaned back into his strong hands and let her arms fall into the water at her sides.

She closed her eyes as he worked in the lather and her thick dark hair was transformed into a pile of froth, as his fingers massaged here scalp.

"You are very good at this" she murmured, 

"Well I often have to wash the dog, he is always going in ditches or rolling in something vile" 

"I hope you are not comparing me to a dog! squire", said Jenny in her best snooty voice, - now it was her keeping them in character.

They both laughed, and all too soon he was rinsing her hair and wrapping a towel around her head.

His fingers had made her scalp and neck tingle and Jenny could feel that her nipples were taut where the soapy water was running off them, she knew he could see her body, and it gave her a strange tingle as he touched her. But as she moved her arm back to its protective position against her chest, he firmly moved it away and using a soapy cloth he began to wipe her under her arms, around her belly and back and the underside of her breasts. She felt strange, part of her wanted to run and hide, another part was relishing the touch. He took her arm and made her stand, she was taller than him now standing in the bathtub, and she stood quite still as he explored her legs, her arms and her neck. He seemed to be almost playing with her and tantalising her deliberately as she stood with her back to him. She was holding her breath again, and let it out with a whoosh as he finally cupped her breasts from behind and slowly stroked them and lifted them. 

Jennys' legs were shaky but she knew she did not want him to stop. Almost unconsciously she put her arms over her head, and as his hands found her nipples and brushed them, he murmured something she could not hear over the rushing sound in her ears. 

She turned towards him and hear him say "so beautiful" as he offered her breasts up to his mouth and kissed and nibbled on each one in turn.

She reached down and held his head between her hands, pulling him to her.

Suddenly he wrapped his arms around her wet bottom and hoisted her out of the tub as if she weighed nothing.

He grinned up at her, his teeth were very white and even she noticed,

"Now then your ladyship" he said, time for a bit of pampering!

Jenny was excited but fearful, she had managed several playful explorations when rough and tumbling with a few boys, not to mention a few bits of fun with Molly, who shared her room, she was far from a prude, but had only gone "all the way" once with Tom, and it had been followed by weeks of fear that she may be pregnant, so she had never let him get so far again. Would Bernard have his "wicked way" as her mother called it, with her? She could not stop him if he wanted too and, right now she did not feel like stopping anyway, but as it turned out her "squire" had other plans.

"Lay down here on the bed madam, I am going to give your hedge a bit of a trim I think"

"What do you mean! What is wrong with my hedge, er bush, er, thingy?" She demanded blushing furiously.

He did not answer but pushed he gently onto her back, "Hup we go" he slipped a folded towel under her bottom, and sat down next to her. Producing a tiny pair of scissors, he snipped them experimentally in the air. "Those are her ladyships' special ones, from Paris" cried Jenny, we aren't allowed to touch them."

Bernard just smiled, "like her special bath tub eh?" There was not much she could say to that.

Jenny was lying with here knees up tight together and on her elbows looking at Bernard, he was fully clothed but she was stark naked and she was very aware of her slightly rounded tummy ( which she was not pleased with) and her full breasts ( which she was quite proud of) As he pushed her back she tried to pull her tummy in, but her mind soon wandered when he placed a hand on her knee and gently eased her legs apart. 

"You spend all your time looking after other folks who don't deserve it", he said, "just relax and enjoy being pampered yourself for a change, Jen, er, madam"

He began to make tiny snips around the edges of Jenny';s pubic bush, like her dark curly hair it was a deep reddish brown and grew luxuriantly, making a dramatic contrast to her pale skin. 

Despite the cicumstances it was strangely relaxing to have him gently stroking her and snipping away, and Jenny found herself in an almost trance-like state, she had experienced this before when having her hair cut or braided, but this time she felt as if she were almost being hypnotised by the warmth, comfort and the sound of Bernard murmuring to himself. She could hear the bees humming, and distant birds singing outside the windows and Jenny felt her legs slowly falling apart as all the fear she had been holding drained out of her.

She was aware that he was now brushing up a lather in an old cup, just as her dad had done for shaving when she was little, and she felt him brushing , and working the lather into her crevices and between the cheeks of her bottom, she did not resist when he shifted to the floor and draped one of her legs over his shoulder, 

He slowly and carefully used the razor in small strokes to trim the areas he had snipped, Jenny could feel that he was tugging at her lips to shave her neatly, as his fingers spread her open she could feel her wetness increasing. Bernards' breath and her own was getting shallower, he put the razor down and using one hand to spread her wide open he began to smear some cool cream all around her bottom, he was saying something about soothing and shaving rash, but Jenny could not concentrate, as his fingers slipped inside her then back out again and his thumb brushed against her most sensitive spot. "Is that OK madam?" he gasped, his voice sounding a bit strained, but Jenny was on fire now and did not reply except by pushing her whole pelvis up hard against his hands, forcing his fingers deeper into her, and rotating her hips, which were right off the bed now, so that his thumb was circling her centre of pleasure. 

All the slippery cream and her own juices were drenching his hands and he kept still for few moments as she drove herself back and forth against him in her own rhythm. He changed his grip slightly so that as she pushed she was gradually working a another thick finger into her, opening her very wide, and touching her sensitive spots inside.

As she pushed harder she was taking the whole length of his fingers, and her thrusts began to bring her clitoris into contact with the base of his thumb. Her rhythm speeded up and she began to grunt with each push, sweat was beading on her forehead, and her breathing was growing faster and shallower as the sensations overtook her.

Bernards' control broke, and he began to help her, thrusting deep into her, at first he met here pushes, moving at the same pace, but quickly increasing till his hand was a blur and Jenny was wailing as she came and came and waves of sensation washed over her.

Her body was still twitching from the aftershocks, as all the sensation of the last few hours caught up with her and she almost lost consciousness. 

She kept her eyes closed, and curled up, as Bernard lifted the covers over her and stroked her hair gently, and she soon drifted off into sleep.

Oh God! Jenny started awake and sat up a few minutes later, feeling a bit disorientated in the big soft bed. 

"Hello Madam" said Bernard with a huge grin, "You must have been bored, you dropped off for a few minutes. I have been tidying up."

"That was unbelievable" said Jenny, "just incredible", She flopped backwards into the bed, Thankyou so much Bernard, I mean squire", she amended with a smile. "But what about you, I mean I didn't...You didn't..."

"Ah well, said Bernard, they will all be back in few minutes, but I have been think about that, they are all off to the races a week on Saturday, and no-one will want to be the one left behind. If by any chance you are around at say 2o'clock, I think a visiting gentleman may be here and may require the services of a comely wench. ... your clothes are in the bathroom, by the way" and he closed the door.

She lay down again still feeling the afterglow of her huge orgasm, and her hand found the smooth soft skin around her neatly trimmed triangle of soft hair, she lay still smiling and thinking of him, when she heard a voice through the window floating up from the garden 

"By the way, your hair looks gorgeous...madam."