 I woke early the next morning, Saturday, the day already warm where the scant hours of darkness had failed to cool the air. As my mind became awake, I remembered the events of the night before as I became conscious that these had, in fact, happened and were not part of the erotic dreams which had been filling my mind during my slumber. These dreams were, however more than enough to ensure that I had woken with more than the beginnings of an erection.

I turned over to look at the bedside clock, which informed me that it was approaching 7am. Knowing that the house would start to get up ready for breakfast at about 8, I sat myself up in bed. Somewhere in the depths of my mind were small twinges of guilt over what I had allowed to happen the previous evening, but these were overridden by thoughts of missed opportunity. Last night, I could have fucked Jenny there and then. My plan was to seduce her slowly, to get her so worked up, so expectant that she would be virtually, or actually, begging me. I was worried that she may now be regretting what had happened and what want nothing else to do with it. Had my chance passed?

I dragged myself out of bed and, having slept naked, pulled on my robe. Checking the landing, I left the bedroom, pulled the door closed and made my way across to Jenny's room. Her door was open, so I entered and pushed it quietly closed behind me. She was lying on the bed, on her back, wearing a long night-time T-Shirt. The Winnie the Pooh motif emblazoned across the front was a reminder of the innocence of this beautiful young woman.

"Hi," she said.

I jumped slightly, having expected her to be asleep.

"Hi," I answered, making my way across to the bed, "you're awake." I had a knack for stating the obvious.

"Yes, I haven't slept much really."

"Oh, what kept you awake?"

"You!" To my relief, she smiled as she said it, although blushing at the same time. "I couldn't believe you left things where they were last night. I felt sure you were going to do it to me."

"I told you, Jenny, if you want me to, I will, just not quite yet. You have to wait until I think you are ready."

"I am ready," she almost pleaded. She suddenly blushed very red. "I rubbed myself twice last night and that still wasn't really enough."

"Did you come both times?" I asked her matter-of-factly.

"Yes," she said, still blushing.

I sat down on the bed and she raised herself to a sitting position. I reached over and placed my hand on her cheek before gently kissing her on the lips. I moved my hand slowly down, to touch her small firm breasts under her T-Shirt. My cock was already rampant and I moved my hand away to untie my robe. As I did, Jenny lifted her T-shirt over her head and threw it to the floor. For the first time, I saw her naked.

Her breasts were just as I had imagined, small, firm and deliciously pert. I was surprised at how small her nipples were, especially as they seemed to be in their fullest state of arousal. I cupped a breast in each hand and ran my thumbs across her nipples, causing her to sigh.

"Can we do it now?" She asked.

I smiled at the way she continued to say 'do it', her language was another sign of her innocence, which bordered on naivety. It also made me clearer in my mind what I was going to wait for. I wasn't going to tell her, I was just going to wait for it to happen. I was confident now, that it would.

"No, Jenny, we must wait." I told her.

She looked crestfallen. "How about if I do this?" I was a little surprised as she reached out and grabbed my cock and started long, quick strokes. Heaven! I allowed probably about a dozen strokes before I stopped her, not wanting to come right at that point.

"OK, lie back on the bed, part your legs and raise your knees," I instructed. I knew exactly what she thinking as she complied without question, but I was about to disappoint her again. "Now, I want you to rub yourself again, like you did last night."

She hesitated, so I moved to reassure her. "It's OK, it's a natural thing to do, and it'll help to relieve some of the tension you've built up overnight. I'd like to watch, to see how well you do it."

She slowly moved her hand towards her delicious pussy, which was glistening with moisture. It was all I could do to stop myself reaching out to do it myself, but I allowed to her take her own time. Gradually she started to rub across her clit, sighing again as she did so. I removed my robe completely and discarded it. I climbed onto the bed and knelt between Jenny's legs, where I could get a better view of what she was doing.

Her fingers were working quicker now, making small circular movements. The vigorous rubbing and reddening of her face gave away the fact that she wasn't far from reaching orgasm. Beneath her hand, I could see her juices flowing as she got more and more turned on. The tip of my cock was no more than 12 inches from the entrance to her pussy, but still I resisted. My hand instinctively reached out and grabbed my throbbing tool as I began to wank myself as vigorously as Jenny was. The sight before me was spectacular.

Jenny's hips began to buck and writhe as she neared orgasm and I could feel myself about to come as well. Jenny let out a soft squeal as her entire body shuddered on the bed. At almost the same moment I shot a creamy load all over Jenny's stomach and breasts. She was now still, beathing heavily, one arm hanging over the side of the bed. I reached up and began to massage my come into her breasts. She seemed shocked at first, but I smiled at her reassuringly and she seemed satisfied.

"Jenny," I said softly, "you look even more beautiful when you come."

"That," she panted, still breathless, "was amazing. It was so much better with you watching."

I grabbed some tissues from Jenny's bed and wiped the splashes of come off of her stomach and bent down to kiss her. As I did, I noticed one small bit of cum had hit the underside of her chin. I rubbed it into her chin with a grin, before kissing her tenderly.

I put my robe back on and looked at the exhausted Jenny. "You'd better come down for breakfast." I told her. "Oh, and Jenny, I want to wear nothing but your T-Shirt."

I moved towards the door, but I stopped, looked back at her and said, "Oh, and you're not to wash before you come down!"

Smiling to myself I headed back to the bedroom to get dressed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By the time I had got downstairs, Juliette and Jake were already dressed and munching their way through a bowl of cereal. I knew that their family rule was that you had to dress before breakfast, so I was waiting to see if Jenny was brave enough to come down without dressing – or washing – as I had told her to do. Sure enough, I had just taken my first mouthful, when Jenny walked in, wearing just her Winnie the Pooh T-Shirt and a pair of slippers. She still looked slightly flushed as she say down opposite me. I looked a the slight glistening on her chin, and smiled.

Juliette looked over at her. "Why aren't you dressed?" She asked her sister.

"Don't worry, I told her not to bother. I don't mind, you can wear what you like whilst I'm here."

"Cool," Jake mumbled through a mouthful of breakfast.

I hoped that Juliette would think so too and would be coming down for breakfast in her nightie in future. After all, indirectly and unintentionally, it was her who had started all this.

"What are you all up to today?" I asked.

Jake and Juliette were both spending the day with friends, whilst Jenny was spending the morning with her books, but her afternoon sounded more interesting.

"My friend Charlotte is coming over to use the pool," she told me.

"OK, I'll get the two of you some lunch sorted and then I might join you for swim. That's if you don't mind."

There was a moment's hesitation in her voice, "Er, yeah, sure," she said eventually.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Juliette and Jake headed off to their respective friends, I knew that they were allowed to go pretty much anywhere, as long as I knew where. Jenny showered, dressed and went to her books. As infatuated as I was becoming, I had to let her have her study time as well. I tided the house a little before fetching some shopping, ensuring I bought enough for lunch for three – including two decent bottles of wine. It was around 11.30 when I got back, so I went straight to the terrace surrounding the pool, where I set out three sun loungers and table and chairs and put the wine on ice.

The pool was in a secluded area at the bottom of the garden, surrounded by large, mature trees and overlooked by nothing. As well as the terrace area, it even had a small wooden cabin which acted as a shower and changing area. I stripped off everything except my shorts and lay back on one of the loungers and closed my eyes. Although many of Jenny's friends were familiar to me, I didn't know Charlotte and wondered what she was like.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was shortly after 12 when Jenny called 'hi' as they made their way down the garden. She was wearing a blue, one-piece swimsuit, which hid most of her delicate curves, but accentuated her arse beautifully. She carried a towel in one hand and a glass of juice in the other. Her friend was taller than she was and of a bigger build, although not fat. She had long blonde hair which hung loose, well below her shoulders. Also carrying a towel and a drink, she looked wonderful in a dark T-Shirt and red shorts over a pair of deliciously long legs. Jenny introduced me to Charlotte and I completed the pleasantries.

"Lunch first, or a swim to cool off?" I asked them.

"A swim first," Jenny answered.

With that, they walked off to the edge of the pool, where Jenny jumped in without hesitation. Charlotte stopped to remove her T-Shirt and shorts, revealing a yellow bikini, which covered her fairly large breasts well, but barely covered her delicious arse. She threw her clothes over onto the lounger furthest from me and jumped into the pool. I wasn't much of a swimmer, but enjoyed messing around in the pool, so I was up on my feet and, still wearing just my shorts, jumped into the pool after them.

The water was cool, but not unpleasantly so. The girls were splashing each other in the middle of the pool and I clumsily swam over and joined in the splashing. Soon we were chasing each other and frolicking like three old friends. I caught a couple of sneaky squeezes of Jenny's arse and once managed to run my hand briefly between her legs. I was sorely tempted by the many opportunities to have a feel of Charlotte as well, but resisted, not knowing how she would react, although she certainly seemed tactile enough and laughed a dirty laugh when, at one point, my shorts started to slip a little.

It was after about 20 minutes when we got out and sat down to lunch.

"I bought us some wine." I told them.

The look they exchanged clearly told me that they weren't normally allowed to drink, but that they weren't about to turn it down.

"Great, thanks!" Charlotte said.

We ate everything that I had laid out and made short work of both bottles of wine, which made the girls decidedly giggly. We all returned to the loungers, Jenny in the middle, Charlotte and I on either side of her. The two of them were chatting benignly about trashy TV and equally trashy magazines, they clearly found it all very funny, although that could have been the wine. I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep, although listened intently to their conversation.

After they had fallen quiet for about 20 seconds or so, Charlotte, obviously falling for my light, imitation snores spoke quietly to Jenny.

"He's cool," she whispered.

"Yeah, he's OK, I guess," Jenny replied non-committally.

"Fun and kinda hot too!"

"Shhhh, he might hear."

"Don't worry, he's fast asleep."

I heard them both move and could sense them looking at me. Without even opening my eyes, the thought of them started to send blood rushing to my cock and I felt it growing and pressing hard against the inside of my shorts. I heard a supressed giggle, which I thought was from Charlotte and an unrestrained one from Jenny.

"Watch this." I heard Jenny say.

A few seconds later, I felt the bottom of my shorts being gently pulled up over the end of my now throbbing cock. This was a new development; Jenny very much taking a lead, and in front of her friend. I couldn't believe how much she had changed in less than 24 hours. Jenny was now stroking the end of my cock to a mixture of gasps and giggles from Charlotte. I was glad I had bought the wine, I didn't think she'd be doing this if they hadn't drunk too much. I was still pretending to be asleep, but knew that I couldn't keep up the pretence for long, so when Jenny pushed my shorts up further and put her hand right around my shaft, I sat up abruptly.

"What do you think you are doing?" I shouted in mock anger.

Jenny pulled her hand away and stood up, quickly. "S-S-Sorry," she mumbled, "I thought you'd like it."

Completely ignoring the worried look on both of the girls' faces, I removed my shorts. "Well, you might as well carry on now. No point in leaving a job half-finished."

Jenny looked worried, yet keen to carry on. I glanced over at Charlotte who was sitting up on the edge of the lounger, also with a concerned look on her face.

"Go on!" I ordered.

Jenny perched herself back down beside me and again took my rock hard cock in her hand and starting stroking it; gently at first, but gaining speed almost with each stroke. I was determined to hold on longer this time, so told her to slow down as I slipped the straps of her swimsuit down off of her shoulders and then eased it off of her breasts, once again revealing her delicious mounds and those tiny, erect nipples. I started to run my fingers down the sides of her breasts, a movement which she clearly enjoyed.

Jenny was still stroking my cock, with long, slow deliberate strokes. As she did so, I guided her other hand to her pussy which she started to rub through her swimsuit. Whilst this was arousing her, she clearly couldn't get a good enough contact with her clit as she soon pulled more of her swimsuit down, revealing her gorgeous flat stomach, pushed her hand inside it and down between her legs. It was just a few moments afterwards that her hips started to gyrate and I felt her hand squeeze tighter on my cock as she wanked me furiously.

For a few glorious seconds, I had forgotten all about Charlotte. Suddenly feeling slightly uncomfortable at her presence I glanced over at her. I couldn't believe what I saw. She was sitting on the edge of her sun lounger staring at the two of us. What is more, she had removed her bikini bottoms and was working a finger in and out of her wet pussy. She was transfixed on what we were doing but, whilst she was beautiful, I couldn't look away from Jenny for long.

She was right on the edge of orgasm and seeing this brought me right to that point too. She gave her quiet squeals of pleasure as I shot my latest load over her legs and hand. As she removed her hands from both my cock and her pussy, we kissed briefly. We both jumped as Charlotte came and sat beside us. The redness in her face suggested that she had also quietly brought herself to orgasm. She looked at the two of us, clearly wanting to speak, but seeming lost for words. I reached for a towel and started to wipe Jenny clean of my cum. As I did, Charlotte reached over and wiped some excess off off the end of my cock with her finger. As I looked up at her, she smiled before slowly putting her finger in her mouth.

We all dressed again in our various swimming outfits. The two girls lay back on the sun loungers, still neither of them had spoken. Within in minutes, they were asleep. I cleared up the lunch things which still littered the table, went inside and made a start on dinner.

[I hope you enjoyed part 2 of this account; I know it has been a VERY long wait. Please rate the story, leave comments and send feedback. If you leave an email address I will reply. If you enjoyed this, please read my other stories.]