 She smiled at herself in the mirror, satisfied with the look she'd cultivated for their night out. Her hair was pulled back and braided, exposing her temples which were shaved. She'd done her makeup with the clear intent to give her a 'fuck me' sultry look. Extra dark eyes, red lips, no blush. 

Glitter glinted off of her cleavage. Her B-cup breasts were pushed almost to her chin in the bra she wore. The red dress she wore was loose at the hips but tight at her breasts and stopped mid-thigh. She gave a little spin and saw the bottom of her naked ass in the mirror and smiled again. 

"Jen, you ready?" Her husband called up the stairs and not for the first time. Normally he wouldn't have been impatient to begin their date night but they were on a double date with his best friend and his new girlfriend and they'd agreed to meet for drinks and dancing at 10. 

She walked down the stairs and saw a broad grin spread across his face. "I'm getting lucky tonight, aren't I?" He asked, mischief in his eyes. 

"You're always lucky." She said, smiling back. 

She reached the bottom and turned away from him, bending over the railing slightly. "I couldn't find any panties I liked." She said coyly as her dress climbed up her ass. "You can't see my pussy can you?" 

She felt his hand slide up between her legs, cupping her mound. "No, I can feel it though." He said, his voice lower now as he slipped a finger between her lips to lightly rub her clit. She shuddered and let him play for a moment, feeling the sweet tension in her rise before she stepped away. 

"Come on, we're gonna be late." 

The ride over was sexually charged. She thought about sucking him off in the car but she wanted to tease him all night and make him fuck her silly when they got home. Instead she spread her legs and lightly played with herself, one foot on the dashboard as he pinched and toyed with her nipples. 

They arrived at Jack's place a little after 10 and rang the doorbell. Jack answered and explained that Misty, his girlfriend, had had to fly back to Michigan because her mother had taken a tumble. He was flying solo. 

She squeezed her thighs together as he and her husband talked, feeling a little thrill as the night air caressed her shaven pussy lips. 

"Jen, you look amazing." He said, drawing her attention back ot the conversation. 

"Thanks! I was trying to err on the side of eye-catching." It was so rare that they went dancing that she'd been looking forward to this all week. 

She'd had an affair with her boss three days ago and she'd been extremely sexually charged ever since. The thought had crossed her mind that she'd wear out her husband if she kept going at this rate but she couldn't help it either. 

"Well you nailed it." He said, smiling at her. Jack was attractive with a boyish quality. His baby blues and physique, which he never had to work at, had ensured that his bed was never cold for long. She felt her nipples getting hard and stepped into his car, waiting for them.

They took Jack's car because it was a four door and she sat in back, letting the boys catch up. 

They arrived at the club in no time and her husband opened the door for her, reminding her of the charm that had led to their marriage in the first place. 

She stepped out, flashing her pussy at him brazenly. He grinned down at her and helped her up. The club itself was actually five different clubs all in the same building. The main dance floor was the rave-style flashing lights and heavy techno music but there was a karaoke bar, a country western themed club with line dancing, an gothic industrial club and a cabaret style lounge with a live act. 

They bounced around the techno dance floor, laughing and trying to yell over the music as they danced. At one point another girl, even shorter than her, danced close to her. She pushed her ass back against Jen and Jen replied by placing her hands on the girl's hips, enjoying the looks the boys were giving her as they gyrated against each other. 

It only lasted for the song though and the girl slipped back into the crowd afterwards. They were sweating freely by the time they started making their way to the cabaret. They sat, drinking, and laughing well into the night. She sat between the two of them and they quieted as the live act began their set. The plush leather booth they sat in felt decadent on her bare ass and she squeezed her thighs together again, feeling a tiny rush of pleasure. 

Jack readjusted himself in his seat and his hand fell on her thigh. She didn't think anything of it until it stayed there well into the next song. Her heart began beating quickly. Jack was making a move on her right in front of her husband!

Her pussy would have soaked through her panties had she been wearing any. She leaned forward and sipped her daquarie through the straw and put her hand in his wrist. He flinched, starting to pull away and she stopped him, pulling his hand between her legs. She spread them slightly and his fingers began to caress her slit, sliding easily between her lips. 

The first touch to her clit was electric and she almost came. She leaned over to her husband and kissed his neck slightly, shifting his eyes back to her. Jack's hand stilled between her legs. She found feel her heartbeat in her clit now. 

She whispered into his ear, "Play with my asshole, daddy." That was one of his kinks she'd discovered over the last few days. His cock had gotten hard at the drop of the hat when she called him that. 

Surreptitiously he slid his hand behind her and she felt another thrill as he started to rub her tight ass in little circles. Jack hadn't noticed the movement and the two boys watched the show with incredible focus as they each pleasured her without the other knowing. 

She wished her husband would be open to the idea of a two man threesome. Having Jack's cock down her throat while her husband pounded her pussy was rapidly topping her fantasy chart. 

The angle wasn't right for Jack to finger fuck her so he continued to rub her clit in little circles. 

Her husband had no such angle problems though and after he very cautiously spat on his finger he slid it two knuckles deep, up her ass. She came almost instantly. Trying not to shudder as her ass clamped down on his finger and her pussy contracted. They both ignored her orgasm, thinking they'd been the one to bring it on and not wanting to draw attention to her. 

Her husband's finger slipped out of her ass and he noticed that her drink was empty. "Anyone for another round?" There were servers that hopped from table to table but it was much faster just to hit the bar. He scooted out of the booth when Jack and her agreed that would be great. Amaretto sour for her and two fingers of whiskey for him. 

The irony of his drink choice did not escape her. 

He removed his hand from her pussy as Chris left, bringing his finger to her mouth and she sucked it clean of her juices. "Jesus, I can't believe we did that." He said, his voice a whisper. 

"No?" She asked, feigning sarcasm. He laughed and squeezed her breast through the dress. Her heart was still beating wildly and she knew she wanted more. She grabbed her phone from her purse and whispered into his ear as she watched her husband turn towards the bar.

"Tell him I'm in the bathroom." He gave her a puzzled look that dawned into surprised comprehension as she slipped under the table. A heavy curtain of white linen enclosed the broad space.

Jack scooted forward in his seat and she unzipped his dark slacks. She slipped her hand inside and was pleasantly surprised by the size of his cock as she pulled it out. He barely had enough room for all of it in the small space afforded by the zipper. She wished that she could have gotten his balls out too, she loved playing with balls but was still to excited about the prospect of that fat cock in her mouth to give it more than a passing thought. 

Slowly she licked throbbing head, tasting his precum and smiled. He'd been hard the whole time he'd been fingering her. 

She put her phone on mute and placed it on his naval. She heard her husband set their drinks on the table just as the head of Jack's cock slipped into her warm mouth. She felt Jack's thighs tense but he was completely still above the waist. 

"Thanks, bud." He said, leaning to get his drink. She gulped up as much of his dick as she could, barely getting halfway down it's length and then backed off. Slowly and deliberately she blew him, listening to their conversation, getting even more wet than she had been. 

"Where'd Jen get to?" He asked. 

"She said she had to go to the bathroom." 

Her husband grunted at this as she swirled her tongue around Jack's cockhead. "I bet. She's been crazy lately. She's horny all the time." 

"Sounds like a good thing to me, mate." Jack said. She could hear the smile in his voice. 

"It's a blast, she didn't even wear panties tonight, I thought her and that girl were going to start making out." 

"Was still pretty nice to watch." Jack replied, his hand cupping her jaw line as she bobbed up and down on his swollen prick. 

She poked a couple of things on her phone and sent Jack a text. 

Cum in my mouth, I'm going to swallow you all up.

She felt electrified as his phone buzzed in his jacket pocket. 

"That Wendy?" Her husband asked, setting his drink down. 

"Yeah. She's bummed she missed the evening." 

I bet she is, Jen thought, smiling around Jack's dick. 

"Well tell her I said hi."

She heard the shutter of his camera click. "I'll send her a pic." 

"We'll have to take another one when Jen gets back." 

Jack chuckled. "Wendy gets jealous. I think she'll see Jen's outfit and get cranky." 

Her husband laughed. "She really went all out tonight. Took her like 45 minutes to get ready." 

Her phone lit up as a text came back. "Pics or it didn't happen." It was an old joke between the three of them and she grazed her teeth along his shaft in response. 

Instead she sent him a stream request and trained the camera on herself. He couldn't save the video but it gave him a look at her. 

He stiffened as he accepted the request and she waved into the camera. Almost immediately she felt him tense in orgasm. She held his cockhead in her mouth while her hand pumped his shaft furiously, glad that the next act was putting on a louder show. 

Hot, thick cum gushed from his cockhead as she stared into the camera. His dick was still dribbling thirty seconds later when she finally let him slip out. She opened her mouth for the camera, showing a thick pool of cum on her tongue and swallowed theatrically. 

"Did she send you a video?" Her husband asked, seeing that Jack's attention was on his phone and the light reflected on his eyes was moving about. 

"Yeah, apparently Jen's not the only horny one tonight." 

"It's a full moon, let me see." He said, scooting closer. She had to wiggle to the side or his foot would have touched her. 

Jack laughed, "You start sending me naked videos of Jen and then we'll talk." 

She ended the stream and let him zip himself up. Her phone lit up again. 

Enjoying yourself, you little cumslut?

She ignored the text and sent one to her husband instead. 

Tried to find that girl to get her phone number, no luck. Meet me in technoland?

She heard his phone beep and he took it out of his pocket. "Jesus, she really is horny. She's trying to find that girl she was grinding on. I better go take a look. You coming?" 

Jack pretended to think about it for a moment. "Nah, go ahead. Gonna finish my drink and watch the ladies." 

She waited a few seconds and Jack gave her the all clear. "He's out of the room." 

Carefully she slid back up from under the table and smiled at him. "That was fun." 

He nodded, grinning.

"Do you have a condom?" She asked, rubbing his crotch.

"No, I didn't expect to get laid tonight." 

She pouted for a second. She had really wanted his dick inside her. Then she thought about it and a lavish grin spread over her smeared lipstick. "Ever fuck a married woman up her ass before?" 

She sent another text to her husband. 

Sorry babe, I saw Cathy. I'll be back at the cabaret in a few. Don't touch my drink! =-)

She felt Jack's balls slap her glistening pussy lips as he hammered his dick in and out of her ass. He was huge and she knew she'd be sore for a week but the wanton slut in her wanted it all. 

He had pulled the spagetti straps over her shoulders and unhooked her bra. Her tits bounced as he fucked her viciously. 

"Cum, Jack. Cum up my ass." She begged, her voice shaky from the power of his thrusts. She was having one long orgasm and it was taking all of her effort not to scream from the pleasure of it. 

He grunted and pinched her nipple. She felt so alive at that moment. 

"Does Wendy ever let you fuck her ass?" She asked, enjoying the double cheat too much to not bring it up. 

Jack never stopped pounding her. "Never. She thinks it will hurt too much." 

She pushed back into him, his answer thrilling her. "Are you going to think about me sucking your cock the next time you're fucking her?" 

"Oh yeah, baby. Cuming in your mouth right in front of your husband. You fucking slut. You going to go home with my cum on your breath and fuck him?" 

She groaned a deep, "Mmmhmmm." As she continued to cum.

Ten minutes of balls-deep pounding he finally came. By that time Jen was a wreck. Her hair had fallen down and her own cum had dripped down her thighs. 

She felt him swell inside her and then he was shooting his load deep in her ass. She could feel the warmth of it spreading inside her and she moaned, squeezing his prick. He slipped out of her, panting and she sat down on the toilet, feeling his cum drip out of her battered asshole.

"You head back first." She said, breathless. She needed to...redo everything. She thought, looking into a compact. 

After reapplying her makeup, fixing her hair and wiping her thighs clean she headed back to the cabaret. 

As she got closer to the table her husband shushed Jack, "Wait, wait. You gotta tell Jen about this. She'll get a kick out of it." 

"What?" She asked, smiling at Jack knowingly. 

"He just assfucked some slut in the bathroom." He thought about this for a moment. "Don't tell Wendy though." 

She snorted. "I don't even know Wendy." She turned to jack as she sat down. "Was she at least pretty?"

"Gorgeous. I think she was bored or I never would have gotten lucky."

She laughed at this and kissed her husbands neck.

"Everyone's getting laid tonight. Time to get home, if I'm not getting a facial in an hour I'm going to get cranky." 

Her husband choked on his drink and she laughed again.