 "What are protozoa?"

"What did you..."

"Shhhh, Jeopardy is on."

Standing in the kitchen, having just set the timer for supper, I frown. Being second fiddle to Alex Trebek isn't something I signed on for. My girlfriend is fun, beautiful in a classic sort of way and smarter than any other woman I've met in my life. While that normally works in my favour, some of her bedroom ideas are simply amazing, it also means that I spend a chunk of each night banished from the TV room as she pits herself against three unknown people on our 32-inch screen.

"Who was Jayne Mansfield, Alex?"

Fuck! She's even talking to him by name now. A couple of times I've suggested that she try out, maybe get this out of her system, but she's refused claiming stage fright.

"When was 1969?"

I'm about to start brooding when a wicked grin breaks over my face and an idea takes shape. This could end things for us, but......

Striding into the room I see her hair cascading over the back of the couch as she stares at the screen, transfixed. One of her lips twitches slightly as she reads the answer and tries to respond as quickly as possible. 

I hesitate. Do I really want to risk this? Looking at her it's hard to resist. Her hair, thick and shiny, frames the creamy softness of her skin and her neck gracefully descends to meet the collar of her blue tee. Ah, and that tee encloses two of the loveliest breasts I've ever laid my lips on. 

Blessed with nipples that become thick and stiff when she gets excited, she long ago gave up on trying to hide them while at home. What amazes me is that, while watching Jeopardy, they push her tee away from her body showing me just how much the show means to her. Glancing down at her legs, still sleek in work stockings that peek out from her short, flowered skirt, I make up my mind.As the commercial break begins I step behind her easing my mouth close to her neck. 

Slowly sliding my fingers down her shoulders and across her nipples I breathe softly on her neck before whispering "Foreplay for 100-This activity results in a deep crimson blush appearing on the neck and breasts of the person sitting in front of me." 

Kissing her neck, I continue to trace circles around and across her nipples. Half-turning lazily, she looks confused. I see her eyelids relax as she feels my fingers slide over her nipples again and I whisper "Go with it." 

Moaning she shakes her head slightly before replying "What is licking and nibbling my neck?"

With that I slide my teeth over the nape of her neck. She moans louder, squirming as my lips part and the tip of my tongue lightly traces one of her neck muscles. Cupping her breasts, I pull her closer and begin a line of nibbles from her neck to her throat. 

She flushes and offers more of her throat to me as I continue my assault. There is something about her skin when it's flushed, rich with blood and desire, that makes me want to possess her, to make her sexual satisfaction the most important thing in that moment. She says she can feel my lust when this happens, almost as if it's radiating off me in waves. 

Leaning back up to her ear, I growl softly "Arousal for 200- Three words that describe the climax I'm about to give you." 

Slipping off her tee and kissing down her scarlet chest, my tongue seeks first one, then the other of her nipples. She gasps while reaching back to unbutton my shirt, her tongue licking her lips for moisture before answering "Hard, deep and wet." 

The last word is almost lost in a fresh flurry of moans. I move my arms to let my shirt slide off before returning to caress her sides and trace the curve of her hips through her skirt. Then, continuing to suck her nipples, I flick my tongue over their jelly firmness.

Moving to the front of the couch I part her legs, placing one on the armrest and the other over my shoulder. I can feel the warmth of her skin and the trembling that's already beginning in her limbs. Then I hear it. Jeopardy is back on and I can feel her shift under me as she seeks to have her cake and eat it too. With a flash of animal passion I think 'no fucking way' and react.

Taking my mouth from her breast I look up and demand "Lingerie for 300-This item, worn under your skirt, is about to get adjusted before I make your ass squirm all over this couch" as my hands slide steadily up her thighs. 

She looks back at me, shocked at my tone and what it promises. Then smiling with a touch of cockiness, she deadpans "What is absolutely nothing, Alex?" 

Momentarily losing my cool, I tug her skirt up to her hips and discover not panties or a thong, but her hair and outer lips, shiny with juice, swollen and ripe, awaiting me. In that moment, as her hands find the top of my head, I realize that she has wanted more challenge. That she is turned on by using her mind, but that her body wants its turn as well. 

My hand slides under her ass and guides her pussy to my lips. She arches as my tongue parts her lips, collecting her juices as it probes her warm depths. I tease her as she shifts her hips, trying to drive me to her clit. After a minute or so of teasing I feel two hands raising my head and I look up to see her staring at me. 

Panting, flushed and serious she breathes "Avoiding castration for 400-This appendage of mine is going to get lots of TLC so that I cum once or twice in the next few minutes before we move on to a good, hard fuck."

Without saying a word I lower my head, suck her clit between my lips and hold it lightly between my teeth while slapping my tongue across it in rough swaths. The effect is immediate, from grinding her pelvis into my face to arching and sighing, she begins to move her hips in rhythm, while answering her own question between breaths. 

"What....is....the...clitoris?" the last word ending on a hiss of expelled air as my lips suckle her clit afresh. 

Wetness greets my lips as she begins the drive to her first orgasm. I slide two fingers inside her and feel her clench them in a steadily increasing tempo. Hips thrusting as she rolls her nipples, she grunts at each collision with my mouth and hand. 

Gasping and calling out my name with the words "fucking brilliant" she gives herself up to her first climax, her face locked in a grimace of agonized pleasure.

Slowing to let her build a second time, I let her clit slide from my lips and kiss it softly before gently warming it with my breath. My right hand still inside her, my left busies itself with loosening my belt and button, trying to remove my pants without stopping what we are doing. Noticing my distress, she sits up and slides my pants down off my ass before pushing me back onto the floor and pulling them off. 

Then, turning herself around on the couch, she looks back over her shoulder and smolders "I'm ready now, fuck me mister" the invitation accompanied by her upturned ass and spread lips.

My fingers slide back inside her, seeking wetness that I then slather all over the head and shaft of my cock. Moving up behind her I position my cock between her legs... and pause.

She looks back, eyes red with frustration, nostrils flared. "What the fuck?" she starts before I put a finger to her lips. 

"Climax for 500-Before we collapse in each other's arms, this is a great way to finish a sexual encounter." I bite off a chuckle at the use of the word 'encounter' to describe what we are doing and wait for her answer. 

The light clicks and she smiles "What is fuck me 'til we cum together?" grinning as she hums a bit of the Beatles song. 

A smile captures my lips as I lean forward, letting her pussy wrap itself around my shaft. Pushing inside her, I feel her muscles give way until my hips met hers. She begins milking me with her muscles, sliding herself back and forth on me, eyes closed. Her breathing deepens and speeds up until I let the palm of my hand smack the curve of her ass. 

She loves being spanked during sex and the cry she lets out is one of pleasure, mirrored by renewed thrusting of her hips. Taking small bites of her back before administering more swats, I feel her shudder and heave, her breath coming in spasms as she moves her hips harder and faster, trying to get us both off now.

Soon I feel my own climax starting and reach between her legs to spank her clit as I drive into her, meeting the tempo of her hips. Her head arches back and a cry escapes her lips as her climax begins. With each slap of my hand her muscles tense until I lose myself within her, warm jets of pleasure filling her depths. 

Moans and gasps mingling, we shake, thrust, and finally cling to each other as we become surrounded by an intense wave of sensation. Gasping as we lay together, the final jeopardy theme plays an ironic counterpoint to our coupling, and we gaze at one another, smiles broadening.

Our reverie is interrupted by Alex Trebek "Our category is the British Invasion. Out last contestant will win if he wagered more than $4500 and has the correct question. And his response is... 'What is I Can't Get No Satisfaction'." Our laughter drowns out the rest of Alex's comments. 

Catching her breath between giggles, she stammers "I don't know about him, but I sure did."

When our laughter subsides she looks me in the eyes and kisses me softly. Then standing she takes my hand and says "It's time for Double Jeopardy" as she leads me toward our bedroom...