 If you sucked down a deep breath—the kind where you feel the air press down on the bottom of your lungs, you can make out the scent from last year's camping trip trapped between the folds of the Gore-Tex domed tent. The mildew-ish smell was more offensive when I first freed the rolled up shelter from its stow-away condom, thankfully over the last several hours, baking under the Jersey summer sun it allowed being inside bearable.

"One hundred bucks, you promise you're going to give it to me?" Jessie asked me for the third time.

I pressed my hand against my chest, the area right in front of my heart, and swore to her again that if she stepped foot outside the tent wearing only her black and Bonnie blue North Face hiking shoes and ran down to the lake and back, I'd make fork over the money.

Jessie giggled. Its sound cute and mesmerizing like the tangles of blonde curls spiraling down from the top of her head, dangling below her shoulder blades.

She kicked at the tent door, a flap of fabric bordered by a heavy-duty, dirt colored zipper. "It's still too light out."

"It's only worth fifty to me if it's too dark outside." I amended my offer based on her desire for less light.

The blonde bombshell shivered. "If I do it and Valerie finds out, she'll skin me alive and kill you."

"I'm not going to tell her." I sensed her apprehension would eventually whittle away at the brashness needed to act out my dare. I needed to work harder. "If Valerie was here, I'd dare her to do it too. But as you can see, work is more important to her than streaking down to the lake and back for a hundred bucks."

Valerie drew her skinny legs up to her stomach and set her chin down on her knees. I glimpsed at her crotch. The fabric of her tight fitting, olive green, seven pocket hiking shorts had wedged itself between the folds of her pussy. I wondered if she had on underwear. 

"She'll be here tomorrow." Valerie reminded me.

"She's not here now, you are. So who else am I supposed to dare?"

"I'd be embarrassed." She smiled, but her eyes lowered, avoiding contact with mine.

"There's nobody around for miles." I reminded her. "Nobody will see you but me, which I need to in order to know that you actually did it, so I can award you the money."

Jessie toes tapped momentarily and then she looked up, "How about topless for fifty?"

I acted the part of a man applying ample consideration to her offer. "Topless for fifty dollars? You know, I really wanted to see if you shaved, but in a weekend camper's effort to have some fun," I held out my hand for her to shake, "I'll take that deal."

She playfully slapped it away. "If that's all you wanted to know, you should have just asked and I would have told you for free. Yes, I do shave." "All?" I asked.

Jessie's face lit up the color of a stop sign. "Yes, all!"

"I'll leave you to get undressed. " I carefully stood up, not wanting to reveal the other tent I'd erected inside my pants, and then quickly exited. 

Jessie popped her head out, looked around, and emerged shielding her breasts with her hands. "To the lake and back, right?" She winked at me.

I watched her meander across the 100 foot stretch of campground needed to arrive to the point where water touched the lake's shoreline. Halfway out she lowered her hands and walked the rest of the way exposing the tits I wanted to see to the ducks lazily floating on the water's surface. "You're such a tease," I shouted at her.

At the edge of the lake she teased me further by turning around and waving. Jessie turned back around and wigged down her shorts. She bent over and mooned me. My cock, having much sharper vision then my eyes at this distance pushed hard against my pants. "Oh great," I shouted "you got me excited."

On her return trip, Jessie's hands had resumed their covering positions. She stopped next me. The corners of her smile pointed at cheeks flush with blood. "Imagine if Valerie drove up right now. You like that and me like this, what would she think?"

I glanced down, my cock, which was as hard as the rocks we'd used to make the campfire circle, pointed at her like a hunting dog. I fought off the urge to wrap my arms around Jessie, wondering if she'd resist, or willfully allow me to have her. I also wondered if she was as wet as I was hard.

Jessie scooted back inside the tent and re-merged moments with her top back on. "You owe me seventy-five bucks now."

"Seventy-five?"

"Yup, fifty dollars for walking topless to the lake and back and twenty-five for the privilege to see my fine ass."

"It was worth it." I admitted. "Seventy-five it is."

Jessie sat down by the camp fire. "You can use the tent if you need to." She giggled at her own joke.

What she'd said didn't make any sense and then her intent dawned on me. "I was going to wait until later tonight, while you're asleep." I gave her an evil look. 

She returned a similar look that quickly fizzed out into a grin. "We'd better stop, before we get ourselves into more hot water. Valerie is my best friend and don't forget, she's your girlfriend. You and I here, alone, until she gets here tomorrow shows a level of trust on her part, don't you think? I really shouldn't have walked to the lake topless."

"Topless isn't the issue, but it became one when you exposed me that fine ass of yours," I added. "That's what got me all excited."

"Hey!" she sat up taller. "You dared me $100 dollars to walk to the lake totally naked. Being the good best friend that I am, I settled on fifty and topless." She fell over and laid out flat. "Oh geez, I'm sorry Valerie."

"For giving your boyfriend a hard-on." I added.

Jessie played along. "He says he's going to jerk off tonight while I'm sleeping."

"Valerie, honey, she sleeps naked, how was I supposed to know...what was I supposed to do, I just couldn't help myself. Did you know she'd bald down there? Forgive me, not this succubus!" I ducked into the tent. "Valerie, she's inside my head, making me do this, please find it in your heart to forgive me."

Valerie's giggles bounced off the exterior of the tent. "Are you really going to do it?" the words were rushed, forced between bits of laughter. 

"The vision of your ass is burning inside my head. This is the only way I can get it out, make the lust stop." When I thought of the idea to go inside the tent, to keep this erotic charade going I hadn't the intention to actually jerk myself off. But once inside, I found my hands frantically loosening shoe strings, undoing buttons, and pulling off clothing. My cock, which I took great care in keeping Kojack's bald, stood upright, twitching in unison with the pounding of my heart. The thick vein running the length of my shaft looked fretfully ready to burst, if I had the flexibility, I would have blown my own gorgeous looking cock. Instead I grabbed it and my asshole puckered.

Jessie had stopped laughing. I heard sounds of shuffling outside and my hand began fucking my cock. 

"Are you really doing it?" Her voice was soft, inquiring...sexy.

"Yes," 

I heard a giggle slick with nervous disbelief.

"No, you're not...I'm coming in."

I saw her hand touch the fabric of the tent. My hand speed quickened. I wanted her to see me working my tool, the one that filled with blood for her.

"Ready or not...here I come."

She was on her knees, her blond curls appeared first, and as she raised her head I saw her nervous smile give way as her lips parted when her mouth formed a perfect circle. I slowed my handwork, but didn't stop. We stared at one another for several seconds. Her eyes broke away to watch my hand stroke the hard piece of meat trapped between its fingers. Her shirt collar hung low enough for me to see the flesh of her baseball size tits, she hadn't bother to put her bra back on after her topless flight to the lake. She backed out of the tent before speaking.

"Wow, I thought you were only kidding. And you shave too." She added.

"I told you not to come in," my voice lacked moisture so it sounded strange, even to me.

"I thought you were only teasing me," she replied.

"You're ass is making me do it," I reminded her.  Was Jessie's short burst of laughter any indication that she was all right with seeing me jerking off inside the tent?

"I can't believe I'm having a conversation with a man who's playing with him." She pushed her head through the tent again. "One more time, just making sure I wasn't imagining it." Her face was red yet she was smiling. "You're not embarrassed?"

I sat up, got onto my knees and spread my legs apart as wide as I could. My cock with a dabble of pre-cum leaking out my mushroom head hole, jutted out toward her face. I took my throbbing meat in hand and stroked it slowly. "No, I'm not embarrassed. Now it's the view of your tits driving me insane."

Jessie's chin touched her chest as she sought further insight to my claim. "Shit," she breathed out the word. "You can see everything."

"You have gorgeous, hard, thick nipples I'd love to suck." I wanted her to know exactly how I felt, how she made me feel. I stroked faster, breathed harder, and she noticed. "Take your shirt off, please."

Jessie's trembling hands fumbled at the buttons. She spread her shirt open as soon as the last button was freed. I didn't hold back a moan.

"Valerie," Jessie whispered her name.

"It's like looking at a porn magazine." I winced. "When she's not in the mood, or having her monthly thing, she knows I jerk off, in fact she tells me to."

Jessie's lips twitched. She shrugged off her shirt, laid it next to her, and pushed back the tangles of curls behind her shoulders exposing the totality of her tits. Without asking, Jessie rose, unbuttoned her shorts, and as she done earlier, wiggled them down passed her hips--they fell down around her ankles. She stepped free them before kicking off her hiking boots. 

"A live porn magazine." She knelt down opposite of me and spread open her legs, her glistening wet cunt peeked out between swollen lips.

"You're really wet," I whispered as only mere inches of nothing existed between her pussy and the head of my cock.

"And you're really hard, you got a great looking shaved dick." Jessie's tongue flicked at the corner of her lip. 

"Shit!" The muscles in my abs tightened and my asshole began to pucker. I slowed down the speed of my hand job and took a deep breath. "I'm coming!"

My first launch, that wonderful mixture of pre-cum and cum, erupted out of my cock and splattered on Jessie's stomach. My second, more powerful ejaculation left a stream of white goo running down the length of her cunt. The third launch of cum splattered on to her thigh while the remaining shots created small puddles of spunk on the tent floor between her legs. While I came, I expressed my desire to suck her cunt, chew on her thick nipples, tongue her asshole and drink a canteen cup full of her piss. Jessie nodded her head up and down while moaning through my orgasmic tirade.

A quiet period of close to a minute elapsed while we collected our wits and breaths. Jessie found the courage to speak first. 

"Jason, you came all over me!" Her face showed me amusement, not anger or trepidation. She ran her forefinger upward between the fold's of her lips collecting my spunk on her finger. She held her finger up, as if I didn't believe her, then swiped it clean on my thigh. "That belongs to you."

I grinned, squeegee-d off the goo with my own finger than ran the digit between my lips.

Jessie gasped, a shudder wracked her body, her eyes lids fluttered like a butterfly caught up in a strong summer breeze. She collected the spunk from her thigh and slowly moved her finger toward my face. 

I closed my mouth over her finger and sucked. Her entire body contracted forcing a soft moan to drift out of her mouth.

"That's so hot," she told me from behind closed eyes.

I rose, not relinquishing my grasp of her finger, and drew her up with me. I sucked her finger hard, one last time, then freed it. "Let's go for a swim in the lake and clean up." I suggested.

Jessie opened her eyes and smiled. "A canteen cup of my pee?"

"Yup." I grinned.

"And all those other things you said?"

"Of course." I leaned in to kiss her, but she moved away. 

"I want you to fuck me in the mud, down by the lake and then we'll do all the other things you promised." With that said, she bolted out of the tent leaving me to chase her down to the lake.