 It was Friday morning, the last day of their business trip to Chicago. The convention had been quite successful, and they had a little more work to do before they departed on Saturday morning. They were staying in a suite with two bedrooms, one on either side of the main room. The room worked perfectly for the business at hand. It had a couch and television on one side of the room, and a large dining room table on the other, which is where they worked together. The doors to their respective bedrooms were on opposite sides of the suite. They were on the top floor, and outside was a perfect view of Lake Michigan.

Jersey had a strict rule about work people. She did not get involved with them. Steve showed no apparent interest, so she was relieved that she didn't have to deal with that situation, especially since she found Steve to be quite attractive. She was a big girl, and she liked it. Sporting a plump, full ass on legs that matched, a round tummy and ripe, bountiful tits that her bra could barely contain. Jersey knew she wasn't for everyone, and didn't care. There was no sense worrying about people that didn't care for her. She well knew that there were many men that found women like her to be incredibly sexy, and she FELT incredibly sexy.

Jersey had finished showering and walked out her bathroom to get her pocketbook. She realized that she had left it out in the main room when she went to put on her makeup. Wrapping a towel around herself, she peeked out into the main room and saw that it was empty. With her hair still dripping wet, she padded across the room to grab the pocketbook off of the couch. She grabbed it and turned around to return to her room, and there was Steve. 

Jersey let out a little yell of surprise when she saw him, and suddenly felt very self-conscious as she stood before Steve in a towel that barely covered her flesh. She noticed that he had somehow glided between her and the door to her bedroom, and the way he was looking at her made her realize that she had misjudged him. He was taking in every curve of her body, and he liked what he saw.

"I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were out here. I needed to get my pocketbook," Jersey stammered.

Steve just looked at her and smiled. Determined to not have this get out of hand, Jersey started for her room. As she started to walk around him, Steve grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her in front of him. He grabbed the pocketbook and tossed it to the floor. Before she could protest, Steve grabbed a handful of her wet hair and tilted her head back so that she was looking up at him. He bent over and kissed her, deeply, and she felt her knees go weak. Steve pushed Jersey against the wall and pressed his body against her as his free hand began to roam around her flesh. Steve continued kissing her as he touched her everywhere. Everywhere, that is, except her now needy pussy.

Jersey knew that it was her body that had controlled him to this point, but that he was now in control of her. Her rules gone like the wind, her body obeyed him without words being spoken. Her need grew as he kissed and touched her, his warm tongue lapping up a rivulet of water running down her neck from her still wet hair. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her as he positioned a leg between hers and forced her thighs apart. He stared into her eyes, still holding her head by the hair, as his hand found her needy, dripping cunt. Any hope that Jersey had of stopping this from continuing disappeared as his fingers manipulated her throbbing clit. Jersey was literally panting as he toyed with it, and in almost no time she shuddered in a powerful orgasm that left her legs shaking. 

Steve deftly stepped to her side, bent down, and scooped her up in him arms. Jersey was not a girl that had men picked up like this. It made her feel vulnerable and feminine and needy. She clung to him as he carried her into his bedroom and placed her upon his bed. Steve knelt beside her and slapped her hand away as she reached for his cock.

"Not yet," he admonished.

He grabbed a few pillows and positioned them under her ass so that her cunt was facing up and fully exposed. He crawled between her legs and covered her freshly shaven pussy with his mouth. Jersey tilted her head back and brought her hands to her nipples, pinching and tweaking them as Steve toyed with her pussy. First, he concentrated on and around her clit, alternating between being so gentle she could barely feel him with long hard strokes of his tongue. Every so often, he would slip his tongue inside her and wiggle it around, enjoying the taste of her and making her gasp and squirm. 

She lost count of how many times she had cum, and he had yet to even slip a finger inside her. Steve now remedied that, slipping first one, then two, then three and four fingers into her creamy pussy. He watched her face contort as her fucked her with his hand that way. When she came, her cunt contracted so hard he thought she might break his fingers. 

He reluctantly puled free of her, and stood up beside the bed. He started to get undressed, first pulling off his shirt, then lowering his pants to the floor and stepping free of them. Jersey stared at his large cock still trapped in his briefs. He reached down and freed it, tossing the underwear aside. Steve rolled her over onto her hands and knees and positioned himself behind her. Jersey looked up and was happy to realize that the sliding doors of the closet were actually full length mirrors, and she could watch Steve's powerfully built body as he knelt behind her.

Steve teased her by rubbing his cock up and down the slit of her throbbing and overly sensitive cunt. Her eyes pleaded with him as he teased her with an evil grin. When he was ready, Steve pierced her lips and pushed fully inside her hard and fast, eliciting a grunt and a moan from Jersey. He grabbed her by the hips and started to fuck her hard with a steady, regular pace. All rational thought had left Jersey at this point. Nature had taken over as she was reduced to the human animal that exists in all of us. The only thing she cared about at this point was having Steve fill her cunt with his cum. It didn't matter that she was on the pill. The wild bitch in her needed his cum inside her. She grasped his cock tightly with every muscle in her cunt as she moved with him, grunting and moaning as she did. She was overwhelmed at how full she felt was he was deep within her. 

Jersey watched his face in the mirror as they fucked, her tits swinging back and forth as they moved. She could see the orgasm building within him, and it excited her to no end. Her own orgasm was building as well, and tremors filled her body as she came once more a few seconds before Steve grunted and began releasing a torrent of cum deep inside her. He pumped into her until he had nothing left, and then collapsed on top of her on the bed. 

They lay like that for a while, until his cock subsided and slipped free of her. Steve slipped off of her and rolled onto his back, and Jersey curled up, clinging to him as she settled her head onto his shoulder. The exhausted couple dozed for a couple of hours before Jersey woke up, still curled up with her head on his chest. She opened her eyes and looked down at his now flaccid cock. She thought it beautiful, and reached down to touch it with her hand for the first time. She started to pet and stroke it, and was very happy when it began to become hard and engorged in her hand. She stroked it more, then nibbled her way down his chest and stomach until her face was above it and her hair hung down and tickled him. 

Jersey looked up at Steve, who was now fully awake. She had a hopeful look on her face as she bit her lip playfully.

"Can it be my turn now," she asked.

Steve nodded and smiled, and Jersey let out a big happy sigh as she lowered her mouth to Steve's waiting cock.