 Please note that this is meant to be read after Jeremy and Me and if you haven't read it yet, you can find it under Erotic Couplings. This story builds a little slower than some, but the ending will blow you away.

I called Jeremy later that week. I tried to catch him while he was on his lunch break, but I didn't have perfect timing so he was at work.

"Hey Beautiful," he answered easily. The sound of his voice made me a little giddy and I had to try and play it cool. "I can't talk long; I'm on my way to a meeting. But how have you been?"

"I've been good. Crazy busy, so I'm sorry I didn't have time to call you." I really was busy; I wasn't playing games with him. It's so high school, in my opinion.

"I know, I saw you running around yesterday. You looked really busy." His response was generic; he could have been talking about half a dozen people who worked on our floor. But I had been really busy yesterday, so it was somewhat personal too. I could tell he was in a public place.

"Anyway I was calling to see if you wanted to get together sometime this weekend?" I don't usually ask guys out, but since we had a history I figured it wouldn't be too forward.

"I'd love to. I have to work all day Saturday because of the concert, but I'll be free after. We could go grab a late dinner." It was just the response I was looking for. I was also going to be at the concert that the Department of Programming was putting on that weekend. 

"That sounds great. I was planning on going to the concert as well, so we can just meet up a little after." At this point I was walking up the stairs to go to my office. When I reached the top I could hear Jeremy's voice and knew that I'd be approaching him. Just as I rounded the corner I bumped into the Director of Club Management, Jeremy's boss. She looked confused, as if she had been listening to my conversation, so I improvised. "Okay bye Mom, I'll see you this weekend. Call me tomorrow to let me know when you get here. Bye." With that I hung up.

Jeremy could see me now and played along as well. "Okay, bye babe, no I have to go. Call me later. Bye. Yeah, okay bye." He hung up the phone, as if he were trying to get away from someone he didn't want to talk to, even though there was no one on the line. I continued down the hallway to my office, passing by Jeremy.

"Hi Lydia, are you coming to the concert this weekend?"

"I was planning on it. My friends and I were gonna go, then my mom is in town so I'll meet up with her after for dinner. It should be a lot of fun."

"Yeah, it'll be a great time." Jeremy's boss walked into the meeting and didn't say anything to us. Just as he was about to walk in he gave me a quick, secret, and very sexy wink.



Jeremy called me back later that evening at around 8pm. I was doing homework in the library when my obnoxiously loud phone rang. Since I was on the quiet floor I nearly jumped out of my skin at the sound and several people around me gave me dirty looks. 

"Hi, just a sec." I responded quickly. I turned and asked a friend that I had been studying with to watch my things while I went to the stairwell. "Sorry about that. I'm on the quiet floor of the library. What's up?"

"I just wanted to say 'hello' and make sure we had our plans for Saturday finalized. That phone call earlier had a little bit of an impromptu ending." His voice was so sexy I just wanted to get lost in it.

"Yeah, totally. I was planning on going to the concert and then we can go out after that."

"Perfect. It should end around 10, then we'll have to clean up, so why don't I pick you up in front of Grady at 10:30 and we can catch a late movie or go out somewhere?"

"Sounds great. I'll see you Saturday." I couldn't wait until Saturday night. Turns out, I didn't have to.

"Hey I was wondering if maybe you wanted to hang out tonight? Maybe we could watch a movie at my place." His voice sounded eager and nervous at the same time. I could tell that he liked me a lot and it was so sexy.

"I'd love to. Let me just head back to my dorm and drop a few things off. I'll meet you out front in about twenty minutes."

"Sounds great. I'll see you then."

I raced back to my dorm and left most of my books. I just grabbed a big bag and stuffed some of the bare essentials into it: keys, phone, toothbrush, clean underwear, cab fare, hair tie, extra sweatshirt and Locke's Letter Concerning Toleration (a.k.a. assigned reading). I touched up my makeup, swished some mouthwash, and ran down the stairs. I could have been going to the library for the night as far as anyone else knew.

Jeremy picked me up right on time. I got into his Jeep and we sped off. We began talking and by the time we were at his place we were fully engrossed in conversation. Neither of us had had any dinner, so we decided to make some food. I went to the kitchen and looked in the fridge, at which point we decided to order a pizza. The delivery guy said that it would be about 45 minutes. Jeremy let me pick the movie and we began watching it. We had both seen it.



About five minutes into the movie we began making out. Our kisses became more impassioned as we explored each other. I began searching Jeremy's mouth with my tongue, gently licking and caressing him. Jeremy began touching my breasts, gentle but confident in his actions. Soon we were both shirtless. Jeremy moved under me on the couch and pulled me to him for a long and deep kiss. I sat up, straddling him and began slowly kissing my way down to his belt. As I undid his belt buckle, I could feel him growing hard in his jeans. He didn't just have a bulge; it was more like an arm that had appeared in his pants. I knew that I would not be able to go down on him the way I would have liked – there was just no way I could fit his entire cock into my mouth.

I pulled down his jeans and his boxers in one swift movement. As he sprang free I reached into my purse for a breath mint.

"What are you doing?" Jeremy looked confused. "Aren't those for after?" I replied with a wink and popped the mint into my mouth. I sucked on it for a few seconds – just long enough for it to begin dissolving. Then I sucked the head of his enormous cock into my mouth, swirled the mint around for a second, let him out of my mouth, and blew gently. He shuddered and became even harder. I moved lower and licked his balls, slowly separating them, and then cradling them both in my mouth while I moved the mint in between them. I could feel him swelling in my mouth and so I let him fall from me, and softly blew on him once again.

Jeremy let out a loud guttural moan. It pierced straight through me and made my pussy burn with want. I could tell he wouldn't last much longer at this rate. So I moved up to his mouth and kissed him long and hard.

Jeremy's hands had been temporarily paralyzed by the minty breeze a few seconds earlier. But during that kiss they came alive and found my firm, round, ass. He tugged and grabbed, separated and pinched my creamy cheeks. I pulled away from him, I was going to make this last as long as possible.

I reached down to his cock and held it firmly, slowly squeezing it with my hand.

"Let me know when you need to cum, okay?" I had something special planned. His response turned into a moan when I began to press on the hot button just below his head with my tongue. His moans became even more animalistic when I pressed on him perineum.

"Urrrgh! I'm gonna cum really soon, ooooooohhhhhh uuuuuuhhhhhhhhhh!" That was my cue. I gripped the base of the shaft hard with my right hand, making a ring around his shaft with my forefinger and thumb – a little cock ring if you will. Then I took his cock into my mouth as far as possible and sucked hard. "Ahhhhh! Are you deep throating me?" I moaned on his cock and sent vibrations through it. "It's so goooooooooddddd." I could tell he had orgasmed. His cock jerked in my mouth and his balls were overly swollen, maybe more than they ever had. But no cum came out, my grip was tight enough.

I began imitating his moans, sending persistent vibrations straight to his cock and balls. The more he moaned, the more I did. We were moaning fools.

Then the door bell rang. "Pizza for a Jeremy McIntyre."

"Just a minute! I have to find my wallet!" I yelled. Then I whispered to Jeremy, "I'm going to finish you off first. But you have to be quiet, no yelling." He looked like he could have cum from that statement. I took him in my throat and began swallowing on his cock. I could feel my throat closing around his head, then I let go of his cock with my hand. His orgasm was immediate and long streaks of cum shot into my throat, I swallowed all of it. When I looked up he had put a pillow over his face to keep from calling out to me. When he had finished I got up, kissed him on the mouth.

"You have to sign for the pizza." Then I strolled into his bedroom. He struggled to get his pants on and go get the pizza. But by then neither of us were hungry.