 I was driving home, thinking about the fancy dinner I just had with Tim. It had taken a great deal of nerves for me to be there, wearing a sexy black dress which was was only held by a single knot behind my neck. I didn't wear a bra and my breasts jiggled every time I moved. 

Tim had talked most of the time praising my work. He said the most admiring things like how brilliant I was, and how fortunate he was to be working with me. I saw him glance down at my boobs a few times, but he kept it professional. I had sat quietly the whole time listening to him, only smiling but in my mind I was imagining how big his cock was. With great effort I managed to keep my cool. Afterwards, I dropped him home with just a handshake. My pussy was dripping as I drove away. 

I fucking hated myself. For so long I had been afraid to open myself to anyone. I was basically a closet slut and I feared coming out. It was so painful to be living like this. It was time for me to let go of the fear, be bold, take chance at love. Tim was smart, rich, very successful lawyer. He had a great muscular body. I have seen shirtless pictures on his Facebook page. Hell, I have masturbated to them. This could end badly but at least I would get a good fuck out of it. 

I decided for once to follow my heart, or more precisely, my pussy. I could go home and masturbate as usual or I could go back and get fucked by a real cock. The choice was clear. I turned around and drove back his house. I found myself suddenly smiling. I felt so free. 

My heart was racing as I pressed the intercom button at the gate. Tim answered, "Hello?" 

"Hey it's me," I said. "Can I come in?"

"Jess!" He exclaimed. 

This is it, I thought. Time to let go of modesty. No turning back. I leaned closer to the mic and whispered softly, "Let me in counselor. There's something I want to show you." 

There was a pause, and then the gate started buzzing. I pushed it open. There were about 50 steps going down from the gate to the main door. It was very dark. As I walked down, I started talking off my clothes. I had planned to be completely naked when Tim opens the door. I was going to show him my total lack of inhibition tonight. 

I reached back and tugged on the knot. The dress came falling at my feet. I felt the cold night air running all over my delicate body. My panties were soaking wet when I pulled them down next. The only thing I left on were my high heels. Leaving the clothes at the steps, I ran down, my breasts bouncing with every step. 

I reached the door and stood with my hands crossed behind my back and my chests pulled out. My nipples were erect. I must've looked like a fucking slut, but I didn't care. My wild side had taken over now. 

#

I had always known deep down I was a slut. Whenever I saw a hot guy, I imagined fucking him at nastiest of places. But my catholic upbringing never let those thoughts materialize into any real encounters. I dated some guys but was afraid to make a "mistake". I was a virgin till my junior year in college, when I met my first boyfriend. I fell in love. I felt safe to play out my fantasies in a steady relationship. Too bad he couldn't handle my depravity. We broke up after two years. 

The break up was devastating. I became more scared to open up. I immersed myself in studies. I pursued law degree and now, at 25, I am working for the biggest law firm in the city. I met Tim here 2 months back when I was assigned to assist him on an important case. 

Tim was 40 and single. I felt an immediate attraction. We worked together long hours, even on weekends. We were always professional with each other. I was talented at my job and he was soon impressed. We became good friends in spite of the age difference. 

We worked at office on weekdays and at his house on weekends. There I came to find out what a fucking womanizer he was. A few times when I came in on Sunday mornings, I met women who can only be described as models. They all looked like they had been fucked all night. I was so jealous. I was the biggest slut in the world and I was unable to tell him. If he had made any move on me, I would have certainly cracked. But he never did, always a gentleman with me. Which left me more sexually frustrated. Every night I would go home thinking about him. I would finger myself till I came hard. 

Until tonight. The case we were working on, was finally over. We had won. Tim was very happy with my work. He took me out to celebrate at a really expensive restaurant. He asked me to pick him up since it was near his house. I had no idea tonight was the night that was going to bring out the real Jess in me that I had suppressed for so long. 

#

Tim opened the door. Seeing me naked his eyes opened wide with shock. They slowly traveled up and down my slender body. "Oh Jess!" he said, his voice filled with awe. 

"Hi!" I said grinning like a schoolgirl and shamelessly swaying my tits left to right. 

"You better come inside quickly," he said with urgency. He grabbed my arm and pulled me inside, closing the door behind me. 

"Are you mad at me?" I asked innocently. 

"Mad? No baby I am not mad." He touched my face tenderly. "You are more beautiful than I imagined. I have dreamt about your naked body since the day we met." 

I was beaming at his words. He called me baby! He thinks I am beautiful! He had dreamt about me naked!! Tim had a knack of saying the most wonderful things. He was able to turn me on profusely just by his praises. 

I poured out my heart. "Oh god, I can't hide it anymore. I am going crazy about you. I don't know what you are doing to me. I can't sleep I can't work. I keep thinking about you all the time. The things you say about me... nobody has ever said such nice things to me."

I slowly stepped closer to him. He had changed and was wearing a rich silk robe. His bare chest was showing. He looked so royal. I bet he was naked underneath. I could smell his masculine cologne. With my hands shaking, I started untying his robe. 

"I am not afraid anymore. I am here to give myself to you, heart and soul, tits and pussy. Do whatever you want with me." I was whispering in his ears, as I pushed the robe off his shoulders. I was right. He was completely naked. 

I looked down to see what I had imagined for a long time. He had a huge cock and it was hard. I gasped at its sight. With great timidness I gripped his cock with one hand and with the other, gently ran my fingertips up and down his cock feeling the skin. He was smooth, completely shaved of all pubic hair. "It's beautiful," I said, wondering how many bitches he had fucked with that cock. I wanted to be one of his bitches so bad. 

I moved my hand down cupping his balls. His balls were big and heavy. They must be filled with lot of cum. I wanted to drop down to my knees and pay homage to his monster cock, as others have done before me. I would suck it hard till he emptied his balls in my mouth and all over my hot body. 

Steadying myself, I looked up into his eyes. My heart was pounding. "So what do you want to do with me, counselor?" I asked devilishly, stroking his cock.

He smiled. Instantly he grabbed my pussy and pulled me to him. My breasts crushed into his bare chest. I felt a jolt of electricity run through my entire body. 

He started rubbing my pussy with his fingers. I was glad I shaved it clean that morning. His touch felt so good. I was leaking juices. I started humping his hand trying to get a finger or two inside my cunt. 

"I didn't know you were such a whore," he laughed. I turned red all over. But it was true I thought. He would only have to say the word "fuck" and I would drop right there on the floor, spread my legs as wide as I can, inviting him to take my eager pussy. 

I gave him my most dazzling smile. "Baby, I'm your whore now. From now on you can do anything you want with me. Anything. I am always going to be naked around you, waiting, ready to service your cock with my mouth or pussy. I will be so good that you will forget others. I intend to be your favorite cunt to fuck."

He put his hand behind my head and grabbed my hair. He pulled hard with a jerk lifting me to my toes. He gripped it tight like he owned me. He demanded submission. That was the first time a guy had taken control over me like that. 

Then he brought his lips to mine and kissed me. He was not gentle. He forced his tongue in. I was moaning but it got muffled inside his mouth. Putting my arms around his neck, I pressed my boobs hard into him. I felt his massive cock rub against my stomach. It set off a fire in my pussy. 

Sliding my breast over his chest, I raised myself up, wrapping my long legs around him. Tim was so amazingly strong. With one powerful push, he rammed his cock inside me. He started pounding me at supersonic speed. He was like a barbaric warrior and my supple body was his battlefield. I was now screaming. 

His cock exploded like a bomb, pumping colossal amount of cum inside me. My whole body went into frenzy. No longer able to hold it anymore, I orgasmed like a cheap whore on a street corner. It was the strongest I had ever come. It took many minutes for me stop shaking. Tim continued to hold me tight. His cum slowly oozed from my cunt, and I felt my lifelong chastity draining out with it. 

This was the happiest day of my life. Jess, the closet slut was out at last and she is not fucking going back. 

#