 I woke up early and went out to the kitchen to make coffee. There were low level under-cabinet lights in the kitchen so it wasn't dark but neither was it brightly lit.

We were staying in a vacation rental place on the beach in La Jolla. We were here for a trade show and we were supposed to get things set up today because the show opened tomorrow. It was me, Jessica, Mr. Cunningham, his wife, and Catherine Dupree -- Director of Sales.

Mr. Cunningham was the boss and he had brought his wife along for the free trip to San Diego, she didn't work for the company. There were four sales people in the condo next door. They liked to party all night and Mr. Cunningham didn't want anything to do with that, it would keep his wife awake so they got one house and we got the other. Catherine Dupree was from somewhere in the Deep South. She spoke and behaved like a real Southern Belle. Her accent just dripped honeysuckle. I was here primarily for set up and tear down. I was the tech, the one who made things work and kept them working for the duration of the show. Jessica was a college student and our marketing intern. She was working with us that summer. Mr. Cunningham had brought her, primarily as eye candy to decorate the booth. She was slender, small hipped, dark haired, small breasted, long legged and her job was to hand out sales brochures and keep the punters entertained if the sales guys were occupied with other potential customers.

Anyway, the coffee maker was just starting to make that sound. That sound when the water level is getting low and it is really only passing steam to the coffee basket anymore. I was waiting to see if it was going to beep when Jessica came out to the kitchen.

"Hey, Jim," she said, "didn't know anyone was up. I was going to make coffee."

"Coffee just finished, help yourself," the machine beeped three times.

She looked cute. She was wearing a light green night shirt that looked like a man's large. It hung down low enough to cover her ass but not much further than that. I could see dark shadows where her nips were and wondered if she were completely naked beneath that shirt. Her black hair was cropped short and was tousled from sleep. She flashed her crooked smile and pulled a flowered cup from the bottom shelf of the cupboard.

"Want a cup?" she asked me as she was pouring hers.

"Sure, thanks," I said.

She put the pot back down and opened the cupboard again. She was searching through the cups on the lower shelf, "I'm looking for a cup without flowers or unicorns," she said, "you probably don't want one of those."

"Top shelf, I can see some plain red ones up there."

She reached for the red cups and went up on her tippy-toes, the hem of her night shirt rose high. There was nothing but Jessica underneath.

"Nice ass," I said, almost without thinking, and she spun around quickly but her arm was still up in the air holding the cup she had been retrieving for me. Now I was looking at her well trimmed bush. Her pussy lips appeared to be pursed, as though waiting for a kiss and I told her so.

She raised one eyebrow and slowly lowered her arm. I watched sadly as her pussy slid from view.

"Like what you see, Jimmy?"

"Yes, I do Jess, yes I do."

She turned back around and poured coffee in my cup. She plopped down in the chair next to me and handed me the red cup, now full of coffee. She tucked her night shirt down between her legs.

"What time are you going over to the convention center?" Jessica asked, as if I hadn't just been looking at her genitals.

"We can get in at nine." I said. "I was planning to leave here about a quarter till. It's a short walk.

"Can you help me get some boxes of marketing materials over there?"

"Sure, I have a dolly and we can wheel them over."

"Thanks," she said. She stood up grabbed her cup and turned to leave the kitchen. "Mind if I shower first?" she asked as she walked down the hall. She lifted her night shirt and scratched her ass as she moved away from me. It was a beautiful sight.

I heard her in the bath and when she came out I collected my razor and toothbrush and stuff. I went into the still steamy room where I squeezed out a dollop of toothpaste, turned on the shower water and climbed in. I brushed my teeth and was washing my hair when I heard the door open and shut, so I peeked around the side of the curtain and there was Jessica. She was standing naked at the sink brushing her teeth. I watched her for a while and felt my dick get hard. I watched the reflection of her tits as she moved back and forth brushing her teeth. Her erect nipples stood out like new pencil erasers on soft mounds of flesh and they were surrounded by small disks of rose coloured areolae. She was incredibly sexy and I had a sudden desire to taste those nipples; to suck on them.

She must have sensed me looking at her and she turned around. "Hey Jim, I hope you don't mind sharing the bathroom. I needed to brush my teeth." She turned back towards the mirror. Then, as if she had suddenly remembered something she turned back and pointed at my dick. "You got some serious wood going on there Jim, circumcised too. I'm liking what I'm seeing." Wrapping herself in her towel she opened the door to leave, "I'll meet you at a quarter till nine." Then she was gone. I turned up the warm water and jacked off, alone, thinking of Jessica.

When my boner subsided I shaved, wrapped my towel around my waist and went back to my room to get dressed. I couldn't get the image of Jessica, naked, out of my mind. 

I had my backpack and a small toolbox that I was taking to the convention hall so I gathered them up, along with the folding dolly and went to meet Jessica. She was waiting by the front door. She had three boxes filled with sales brochures. Each box must have weighed twenty pounds. It was a good thing she had asked for my help and it was a good thing I had the dolly. It was a three or four block walk to the center.

"Let me leave a note for the others," I said as I scratched on a sheet of paper that she and I were setting up the booth and preparing the equipment. I added that I didn't know how long we would be.

With the dolly stacked high Jessica and I headed out to the street. She was wearing a blindingly white long sleeve pullover shirt and jeans. The shirt hugged her curves but not too tight. I could see the outline of a plain white sports bra beneath it. She looked good and I told her so.

"Thanks," she said and then we walked a while in an awkward silence. After about half a block she spoke up about what was weighing on my mind. "Jim, I hope you didn't get offended this morning, with my nudity and all. I don't even think about it. I tend to spend a lot of time without clothes on. I'm basically a practicing nudist at home and on the weekends. Then I saw your boner in the shower and later, when I thought about it, I thought that maybe it was for me."

"It was," I said.

"Honestly, I hadn't even thought about sex with you," she said, "and, it was wrong of me to prance around naked in front of you, I'm sorry. I just wasn't thinking, but, like I said, I saw that boner and it started me thinking about you in ways that I hadn't before. You have a really pretty dick."

"And, you have beautiful tits and an alluring pussy," I told her, "but now I gotta ask; are you even old enough to have consensual sex with me? I don't know how old you are. I only know you're a student. Student implies young, but you're an incredibly sexy student with whom I would love to sleep."

She laughed, "Yeah, I'm old enough, I'll be twenty next month. Thank you for asking though. My dad's going to like you."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, now you got me meeting your Dad?"

"Yeah, I introduce everybody to my dad before I fuck them. Well, sometimes after I've fucked them but I don't tell him it's after the fact and he gets to meet them all."

"We can't sleep together till I meet your dad?"

"I might bend the rules for you, Jim. Dad's back home in Oregon and we're here in San Diego. If I decide to be with you I'm probably not going to want to wait. I'll want to get on with it. I'm a millennial and I'm not into that much delayed gratification."

"Are you seducing me?" I asked.

"I'm not sure yet," there was that crooked smile again. "I'm just saying that it's a definite possibility. I mean, being in San Diego is nice and you really do have a pretty dick. You seem to like me, but I don't want to force you into anything you're uncomfortable with. I'll probably have my mind made up by mid day and you can decide from there, but I get to choose first. We've got work to do this morning anyway. Is lunch time soon enough for you?"

"What can I do to tip the scales in my favor?" I asked.

That crooked smile again, "Scales are already tipping your way, Jim but tell me, does your cum have a sweet or salty taste?"

"I don't know," I answered, "but I once had a girlfriend who said I was salty."

She just nodded her head. Said nothing.

"Was that the right answer?" I asked. "Please tell me that was the right answer, I so want this to happen."

She still said nothing but she reached over and put her hand on my ass, gave it a little squeeze. I interpreted that as a positive sign. About that time we arrived at the Convention Center, picked up our badges from the registration desk, and went to work.

We got the booth set up; it was just a pop-up that I had shipped in ahead. She set up her literature racks while I unpacked the equipment and began to position it all. We had to plug everything in and start testing. 

"Are you hungry?" she asked at some point, and I looked at the time on my phone. It was about a quarter after 12. I hadn't realized it was that late.

"Oh shit," I said. "It's mid day, lunch time. Have you made a decision?"

Flash of the crooked smile that I was beginning to look forward to so much, she nodded her head. She leaned in and whispered, "If you still want me; then I really want to play with that beautiful dick of yours. You can meet my dad when we get back to Oregon, but that part's non-negotiable." She wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed right on the show floor.

There was a coffee shop nearby and we went there for lunch. I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and she ordered a Caesar Salad. When our food came she picked up her fork and stabbed some salad. "I'm thinking tonight would be a good time to start. A little bit of delayed gratification might lead to increased anticipation. Almost like foreplay," she said.

"Great. I hope I can wait that long."

It was hard for me to concentrate on my work the rest of the day, but we stuck it out. Everything was ready for the opening of the show tomorrow morning when we made our way out of the convention center and headed back to the condo at about 6:00 o'clock. Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham were having drinks with Catherine Dupree in the dining room and discussing the prints that hung on the walls. Jessica and I were forced to imbibe in sugary alcoholic drinks and discuss whether better prints could be obtained at Target or Ikea. They invited us to join them for dinner but we were allowed to beg off when Ms Dupree agreed to go.

As soon as the others had left the house, Jessica jumped up, "let's get this show on the road," she said. We agreed to shower, and then meet in my room. When she knocked on my door I was squeaky clean and naked. I didn't have a full hard on but I had a chub from anticipation. She was wearing her night shirt and when she came in and closed the door she immediately pulled it over her head and handed it to me. There was that smile again, and those tits, and that bush. God, she was gorgeous.

"Here, put this on," she said. Her pubic hair was still moist from the shower and her tits had a rosy glow that fascinated me. I didn't ask questions, I pulled on the night shirt. It wasn't as big on me as it was on her so the tip of my dick hung down below the hem and my ass wasn't covered.

"Now turn around, stand on your tip toes and reach over your head." She instructed me. "I want to see what you saw when I attracted your attention this morning at coffee."

I did what she wanted.

"Nice ass," she said. "I understand the attraction. You can take it off now but let's talk for a minute before we get started."

I sat next to her. We were both naked. I put my hand on her thigh. She began running her finger tips up and down the length of my penis.

"I like oral sex," she began, "I like to give it and I like to receive it. I like to have a mess of hot sticky cum running down my chin and dripping on my tits. Do you like to eat pussy?"

I nodded my head, "69 is probably my favourite position," I said. "An oral orgasm is undoubtedly the most intense climax for me. I also like the intimacy inferred when a woman squeezes my head with her thighs as she gets off. I like it when those things happen simultaneously."

"I like anal sex too," she went right on, "but straight boning is my favourite way to get off. I like every position and contortion that I've ever tried and I think I like to be on top the best, but I'm still young. I haven't tried everything. I like to experiment so I'm open. I'll submit to bondage on the odd occasion, but it's not my favourite." 

She pushed me back on the bed, stood up and turned around. Throwing one leg over me and straddling my face. She kept one foot on the floor as she lowered her pussy down to my mouth and I eagerly went to work while she massaged my balls. She let me work for a while, but when she leaned over and put her lips around the head of my cock, I moaned and raised my hips to push deeper. I continued to try, but she kept raising her head with me as her tongue lashed wildly, round and round on the head of my dick. I knew I was going to cum soon. I redoubled my efforts for her, and she began to squirm. I came first and when I started to spurt she got still and sucked. She had never taken more than the head of my dick in her mouth but that was enough. She started to writhe again before she sat up, stiffened, and shuddered; grinding her clit on my chin while I lapped the juices flowing freely from her pussy. Her fingers dug into my hips and an almost silent "Ahhhhh" escaped from her lips along with a few drops of my cum that had been pooled in her mouth. Those few drops ran down her chin and landed on her tits, as she had prophesized they might.

She swallowed the rest of it, spun around and sat on my belly her knees were on either side of my chest and her feet bracketed my ass. "God, you do have a pretty dick, and for the record, 'Salty' was the right answer." There was that crooked smile again. "Did you jerk off in the shower for me this morning after I left you with that hard-on?" I felt another boner coming.

"I did," I said and she flashed that smile again. I could get used to that smile. I hope her dad likes me. She moved back and slid that wonderful pussy over my 'pretty' dick. We began moving in tandem, doing the age old dance that lustful couples like us had done for millennia.