 Jess could feel her pussy getting wetter by the minute as she browsed her collection of downloaded porn. She hadn't been fucked in what felt like a very long time, it had been at least 6 months, and she was desperate to feel a hot throbbing cock in her pussy. Sighing, she reached for her vibrator: the 8 inches of flesh-like rubber would have to do in this instance. She set her laptop down beside her as she lay back on her bed, adjusting the screen so she could see properly as the couple in the video began to fuck.

She spread her legs and pushed her flimsy panties to the side to gain access to her dripping wet pussy. She placed the tip of the vibrator against her clit, feeling the coolness of the toy against her pussy which sent a tingle up her spine. She switched the vibrator on and moved it in small circles around her clit. Jess moved her free hand under her shirt and up to her ample tits. She wasn't wearing a bra and she pinched her left nipple hard, intensifying her pleasure. On screen the guy had turned the girl onto her hands and knees and was rubbing the head of his cock along her slit. The loud moans emanating from the girl intensified as he slowly pushed his large cock into her tight pussy, stretching her wide with his cock. 

Jess watched as the cock gradually disappeared, seeing the girl grit her teeth as she took him all in. She moved the vibrator down to her own wet hole and began to slide it inside her as she watched the couple fuck. As the guy picked up his pace with his cock so did Jess with her toy, mimicking his thrusts. The sounds coming from the girl were really turning Jess on, she wished that it was her in the video with that huge cock pounding her pussy making her cum. 

Jess moved her hand from her breast to her clit and began to rub her clit as she fucked herself with her cock substitute. She was breathing deeply and little moans were escaping her lips - she was getting close now, her orgasm was building. On screen the guy was really going for it now, fucking the girl hard, deep and fast. The girl was crying out every time he plunged his cock into her. Suddenly the guy let out a deep gutteral moan and pulled his slick cock out, spurting thick gloopy cum onto the girl's round ass. This was all Jess needed - she shoved her toy deep inside her and furiously rubbed her clit until she came hard, moaning and panting. 

Jess lay on the bed, the toy still inside her, recovering from her amazing orgasm. Her breathing gradually returned to normal, and she sighed as she realised she needed to find someone to satisfy her sexually. 

-------------------------------------------

A week later Jess was at work, sifting through her emails. She couldn't believe how much irritating drivel people sent her. Yes, she was important, but not that important she thought. She wasn't a manager yet. Why did everyone think she could sort their problems out for them?!

She began to daydream, her mind inevitably turning to thoughts of sex. She twirled a strand of her dark hair around her finger as she imagined being bent over her desk and ravaged...

"... coffee?"

Jess jolted back to reality as she saw one of her colleagues standing by her desk.

"Hmmm? Sorry, I was miles away."

"I was just wondering if you'd like a cup of coffee?" Vince asked. Jess thought for a moment, inadvertently glancing at his crotch. She knew she'd like to find out what was in those pants...

"Um, I'm okay for coffee, thanks. I'm kinda in need of something else, though" came her reply.

"Oh? What would that be?" Vince enquired. Her response had sparked his interest.

"Lock the door, Vince" Jess commanded.

Vince didn't need to be told twice. He quickly went to her office door and locked it, returning to stand in front of her desk. Jess looked at him with lust in her eyes. She wasn't sure what exactly had come over her, she'd been working with this guy for a couple of years and never thought about him in anything but a professional manner, but today she had a need that had to be filled. 

She stood up, never once taking her eyes off him. He looked her up and down, smiling at what he saw: she was wearing a tight grey pencil skirt and a white blouse which gave her an hour-glass figure. Her hair was pinned up and her glasses made her look like a naughty secretary. He noticed her nipples standing to attention through her blouse and felt his pulse quicken. She walked around her desk, slowly, biting her lower lip and looking into his eyes. 

Vince felt his cock stiffen in his pants and started to undo his belt. Jess stood in front of him now, a good 5 inches shorter than him even with her sexy stilettos on. She reached out and helped him with his pants, unzipping them and tugging them down. She didn't waste any time - a few seconds later she was kneeling on the floor before him, her hot breath teasing his hard cock. He looked down at her as she took his stiff cock in her hand, stroking it. Teasingly Jess looked up at him, licking her lips. She lightly licked the length of his cock, from his balls to the tip. Vince gasped at the sensation, his cock twitching. Jess smiled up at him and took the head of his cock into her mouth, all the time looking at him. 

Vince moaned as she began to suck his hard cock, expertly swirling her tongue around the head and devouring his manhood almost all the way. He felt his cock hitting the back of her throat and closed his eyes. He grabbed her hair, pulling her closer, his cock going down her throat now. Jess struggled to take him all the way in but she soon got used to the feeling. After a few minutes of this Vince pulled out, knowing he wouldn't be able to last much longer otherwise. 

Jess stood up, her sexy red lipstick smudged across her face from the fantastic sucking she'd given him. He unbuttoned her blouse quickly, almost ripping the buttons off in his haste. Jess reached behind her and unfastened her bra, freeing her large breasts. Vince grabbed at them, pinching her hard nipples and rolling them between his thumbs and index fingers. Jess gasped at the sensations he was creating, feeling the wetness grow between her legs. Vince kissed her neck, making her shiver, then began to kiss down her chest. He sucked each nipple in turn, nibbling on them. 

He moved his hands to her ass, squeezing it through her skirt. He found the zipper and undid it, pulling her skirt to the floor. She stepped out of it and he brushed his hand across her panties. Jess moaned as he slipped a finger underneath her lacy panties, finding her clit and sliding his finger over it. Vince gasped as he realised how wet she was and pulled her panties down. All she was wearing now was a pair of hold-up stockings and her stilettos. He slipped a finger into her hot wet pussy and continued to suck her nipples. Jess was really struggling to keep the noise down, she wanted to cry out but knew the people in the surrounding offices would hear her. 

Vince lifted her up onto her desk, clearing papers with a sweeping movement of his hand as he did so. He sat her on the edge of the desk and spread her legs wide, then knelt in front of her. He buried his head in her pussy, probing it with his tongue, rolling her clit around with his tongue. He slipped two fingers into her as he sucked her clit, and within a minute or so Jess was coming onto his mouth. He felt his fingers get soaked with her sweet juices and drank her come in. Jess couldn't help but let out a little cry as she came. Her cheeks became flushed and she bit her lip in an effort to reduce the noise.

Vince turned her around and she placed her hands on the desk in front of her. He slapped her firm ass, leaving a red mark and making her gasp loudly. Jess spread her legs wide apart and Vince took his rock hard cock in his hand, rubbing it against the entrance to her waiting pussy. Jess rocked her hips, maximising the pleasure she was feeling from his cock. He put his other hand on her lower back, steadying her, and eased his thick cock into her slick pussy. Jess couldn't help but moan deeply as she felt him stretching her pussy. She'd never been fucked by such a big cock, he was at least 9 inches long and pretty thick with it too. Once Vince got his delicious cock all the way inside her, Jess could feel his balls tickle her clit.

Vince stayed still for a minute as he felt Jess' pussy contracting around his cock, adjusting for him. He slowly withdrew half way, watching his cock re-emerge covered in her juices. He slid it back in, making Jess moan as he went. He gradually built up a steady rhythm until he was thrusting deep and fast, grunting as he pounded her pussy. 

Vince grabbed hold of Jess' arms and held them behind her back as he fucked her. Her breasts were pressing into the desk in this position but the coolness of the desk felt good against her hot skin. Vince was fucking her so hard now that she could barely catch her breath, but it felt so good. The way he was fucking her, his cock was hitting her G spot every few thrusts, making her come all over his cock. When she came his cock was suddenly covered in her juices and this just spurred him on to fuck her even harder. He used his free hand to slap her ass a few times, then began to work his thumb into her ass. Jess hadn't been expecting this, but it felt great. The strangeness of the sensation intensified her pleasure and she moaned loudly, suddenly not caring who might hear. 

It was too much for Vince to take - he buried his cock deep in her pussy and emptied his load into her. Jess could feel his cock twitching as his come squirted deep into her, and he grabbed some tissues from the desk as he started to pull out. He tried to stem the flow of come but as soon as he pulled out Jess could feel their combined juices running down her thigh. He passed her some tissues to help her clean up and then he started to get dressed. She found her panties strewn on the floor and pulled them on, stuffing some of the tissues inside them in an attempt to stop the come dripping everywhere. Once they'd both got dressed, they tried to compose themselves so that it wouldn't be immediately obvious to everybody that they'd been fucking. Jess fixed her lipstick and Vince winked at her to let her know she looked fine. 

She walked over to the door and unlocked it, opening it and saying quite loudly, "I think that was a really productive meeting, thanks for all the hard work you've done on this case."

Vince replied, "You're welcome, I'm only too pleased to help whenever I can." and winked at her before walking back to his office. Jess noticed a couple of their co-workers sniggering and realised they must have known what was going on. She blushed, smiled at them and returned to her desk to sit down. She smiled to herself as she thought about the fucking she'd received, and hoped there would be more where that came from. 

A few minutes later she went to the bathroom to clean herself up and couldn't help but play with her pussy, rubbing Vince's come into her clit for a few minutes until she had another explosive orgasm. 

Emerging from the cubicle Jess looked in the mirror and noticed that she looked alive again. She'd needed that fuck more than she'd known...

She returned to her office and noticed a new email in her inbox:

Jess,

That was really hot, baby. Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did...

My office next time?

Vince

Jess sat back in her chair, her pussy throbbing again. Yes, she thought to herself. Oh yes.