 When my wife told me her youngest sister Jessica was going to be staying with us for six weeks I wasn't thrilled. Jill and I had been through a rough patch in our marriage and things were just beginning to get back to normal - especially our sex life. With Jessica here I could see my life being turned upside down once again. No more loud spontaneous sex anywhere the urge hit us. No more roaming through the house naked. Hell, we're probably going to have to start cooking again. 

Damn, it wasn't that I didn't like Jessica, but the timing couldn't have been worse. Jill would be in Atlanta the first two weeks she was here completing a mandatory training assignment for work and it would be up to me to keep Jessica entertained while she was gone. I guess it was better than a sharp stick in the eye, but not by much.

Jessica arrived on June first as promise and Jill left for Atlanta the following day. At least Jill was able to get Jessica settled in before she left. They unpacked her things in the guest bedroom on the opposite end of the house. With Jessica down there we might be able to find a little privacy when Jill got back from Atlanta.

Our first morning together was a bit awkward for me and Jessica. At thirty five I was seventeen years older than her and we had little to talk about except the weather and her folks. 

Jessica wasn't what you would call ugly but she wasn't a raving beauty like Jill. She was barely five feet tall, probably weighed no more than hundred pounds, wore her long auburn hair pulled back in a pony tail most of the time, and still had braces on her teeth. I swear the girl had worn braces all her life it seemed. And to make matters worse she had no boobs whatsoever. Jill once told me she and her mother prayed that Jessica would grow some boobs! 

She did have two things going for her. She had a cute little ass and she had one of those deep sexy voices like Kathleen Turner. Privately I fantasized about her coming up to me and saying, "I want you to fuck me Eddie." If that wouldn't make your dick hard there was something wrong with you.

After we ate breakfast I told her I was going to Wal-Mart.

"You're welcome to come with me if you want to."

"No, thanks I'm going to take a long hot bath and wash my hair. Jill and I were up so late last night I didn't get a chance to shower before going to sleep." 

"Okay, I won't be gone long," I told her as I headed out the door. 

When I returned I saw no signs of Jessica. She probably in her room or maybe she was sill in the tub. I grabbed a beer from the fridge and headed to the den. After reading the paper and catching up on the local news I decided to go to my room and take a nap. What a way to spend my vacation. At least I'd be well rested when I went back to work. 

With Jessica busy on the other end of the house I decided to watch a porno tape and stroke myself to sleep. I stripped down to my boxers and t-shirt and proceeded to get comfortable. The movie had just started when I heard a knock on the door. Shit, it had to Jessica. I wonder what she wanted.

"It's open, come on in," I said as I put the tape on pause. 

Jessica slowly pushed the door open and paused before entering. Damn, she didn't look half bad standing there. Her hair was down, and she had on a t-shirt that barely fell below her waist. I had never noticed what a great set of legs she had. Of course the t-shirt didn't do much for her chest other than confirm she had very small breasts. 

"Am I interrupting." She asked. 

Of course I lied and said no. Then I realized I was holding the remote in my hand.

"Are you going to watch a movie? Do you mind if I join you. I'm a little bored."

Damn I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to tell her she couldn't watch a movie with me, but I didn't want to tell her I was watching a porno film either. Hell, there was only one thing to do -- tell her the truth.

"Well to tell you the truth I was fixing to watch a porno flick. But I can put something else in since you're here."

"No need to do that. I'm all grown up you know," she said with a smile. "Besides I like porn."

"Okay, grab a seat on the bed and we'll get started."

Jessica wasn't shy. She climbed up on the bed and sat down next to me. The movie was a Jenna Jamison flick. I couldn't have picked a nastier movie for us to watch. This one had it all. It had a killer anal scene that was sure to give me a raging hard-on. I'd have to figure out a way to hide it or embarrass the shit out of myself.

As the movie progressed Jessica and I maintained complete silence. Every once and a while I'd glance over at her as inconspicuously as possible just to see her reaction to certain scenes. About fifteen minutes into the movie I noticed her right hand was resting on top of her upper right thigh. When I glanced over a couple of minutes later I couldn't believe my eyes. Her hand was now resting on top of her lower stomach. Her t-shirt was up exposing her white cotton panties and her fingers were inside the waistband. I pretended not to notice and decided to play it cool and see what she did next.

When I looked over a minute or so later her fingers were inside her panties and she was definitely rubbing her pussy. Goddamn, not only was I totally amazed I was turned on to the gills. Here I was worried about getting a boner and she's sitting right beside me rubbing her cunt. 

It wasn't long before Jessica's breathing got heavier. Fuck was she going to cum right here in front of me? Trying to keep my mind on the movie I suddenly felt a hand resting on my cock. Jessica massaged me through my boxers for a couple of minutes without speaking a word. Then she moved her hand inside my shorts and spoke.

"You wanta join me," she asked? "I need to cum but I'd like you to help me."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. But fuck I wasn't going to pass this opportunity up. I slid my hand over on her left thigh and eased a couple of fingers under the leg band of her panties and said, "I'd love too."

Jessica moved her hand, allowing my fingers to touch her succulent pussy. As I gently slid my fingers over her wet velvety lips she began to stroke my cock. When my fingers found her clit Jessica moaned loudly.

"Oh yeah Eddie right there baby. Ooh rub my clit honey."

I was excited and mortified at the same time. Never in my wildest fantasies did I ever imagine this scenario. It was surreal to say the least. But the way Jessica was moaning and bucking her hips I knew she was on the edge, fixing to cum. As I massaged her clit she pushed her fingers into her cunt and soon she arched her back slightly and sort of froze in mid-air for a couple of seconds. Then she pulled her fingers from her pussy and placed them on top of my hand holding it tightly against her. She still had a death grip on my cock but was no longer stroking me. 

With her hips back on the bed and her breathing slowly returning to normal she rolled over onto my chest and kissed me. And it wasn't just a peck either. She sucked my lips and drove her tongue deep into my mouth all the while still holding my throbbing cock. After what was a very passionate kiss Jessica broke our lip lock and rested her head on my chest. 

Looking up at me with a wicked grin on her face she said, "We need to do something about this don't we?" as she gently gave my cock a couple of slow strokes. 

She sat up and tugged at my boxers and I gave her a hand and quickly slid them off. As Jessica pulled her t-shirt over her head I got my first look at her tiny boobs. But I was surprised at how attractive they actually were. True enough they were small but for lack of a better word they looked perky. Like they were just waiting for someone to take them in their mouth and caress them. Next she slid her panties off. And I have to admit she looked hot. She was shaved smooth and her skin was glistening. In fact, Jessica looked like a hot, naked thirteen-year old. The sight of her had my cock raging. 

When she crawled on top of me and guided my dick into her sweet little treasure I thought I was going to explode. Her cunt was so hot and so tight it was unbelievable. She took all of my eight inches and then slowly started to rock her hips. With her hands on my chest and her head cocked back she rode my dick hard and heavy. As I reached up and cupped her tiny breasts and pinched her pointy nipples Jessica moaned and whimpered. 

When Jessica started breathing heavy I knew she was fixing to cum again. And I was right there with her. She slowed her pace but fucked me much more intensely. Pressing her little body down against me she did one hell of a bump and grind on my cock. As she let out a long loud "fuck" I began to shoot my load into her while Jessica kept grinding her hips until we were both spent and exhausted. 

With my cock still buried deep inside her Jessica leaned down and laid her head on my sweaty chest and we both savored the tranquility. 

It looked like it was going to be one hell of a summer after all!