  This is very similar to another story I have submitted, that one was from the man's perspective and this is from the woman's perspective.

*****

It is said that there are two sides to every story. A very good friend of mine told you his story describing one of our many encounters. I am flattered by his words, and now I want to share my side of the story.

My car had broken down, as it frequently did, and so I called the most knowledgeable friend I had to fix the problem. Gaston is a very attractive man, I noticed that the first time I met him. He is tall, with dark hair, a sexy goatee on his chin, and muscles and strength from real, hard work, not the gym. His accent and his deep voice add to his incredible sexual desirability. Here he was at my door, in old jeans, and a t-shirt, ready to work. I greeted him with a big hug, and then led him out to my garage so he could get to work. 

We spent a while talking, which, as he said, was just so easy to do for us. It was easy for me to confide in him. We talked about work, local gossip and our current relationships. He was and still is my best friend. We started talking about our lack of sexual activity, and I trusted him enough to confide my frustrations with him. Because we were both involved with other people, we never moved beyond friendship. But today, as I was talking about the issues with my partner, and confiding in him that my toys had been my only means of orgasm for several months,, I noticed a bulge growing inside his jeans. I wondered if I could get away with teasing him a little. I leaned down and began running my fingers around his hard bulge, I liked how it felt, I wanted to see it, to taste it, to feel it. 

This tease was quickly becoming much more than I intended. He stilled when I began to touch him, and his muscles tensed. I was nervous about his reaction until I heard his tools hit the concrete, and I sensed him relax some. I unfastened his jeans, and pulled them off carefully, knowing that our friendship was about to change for good. When his erection sprang free from its denim prison, I was very impressed. He was easily one of the biggest men I had seen. His erection was incredibly hard, I felt myself becoming wet looking at him. Wrapping my hand around his cock, I was surprised when my fingers didn't quite meet. I began stroking his length, feeling it, wanting it inside me; knowing his girth and hardness would easily bring me to an incredible orgasm. I wanted him to want me as much as I wanted him, I used my free hand to play with his balls and add to his pleasure. 

I could tell from his breathing that he was enjoying this new venture. His reaction brought out the naughty playful girl in me. With him still under my car, I took off my little shorts and let them fall to the ground, knowing he could see at least that much, and went into the house. I heard him following me, and I took off my shirt and tossed it his way before heading to my bedroom. I stood in the doorway and saw him. He was standing in his shirt and nothing else, staring at me. His cock was firmly erect and I wanted it inside me. I wanted to feel it pound me hard over and over. I wanted to know how this man felt. I removed my bra as he stood there watching. I turned around and immediately felt his hands on on my boobs, each one perfect for his big hands. His rough hands felt great against my sensitive nipples as he squeezed, and massaged, sending fire throughout my body at his touch. I felt his cock on my back and I wanted him to fuck me. Reaching down, I grabbed his balls, wanting to drive him crazy.

I suddenly felt one hand slip inside my thin, black lacy thong and find my landing strip. I held my breath realizing I was getting what I needed. His other hand came down and he expertly removed my thong and let it fall to the floor. I felt his strong, manly hands spread my labia and he started playing with my clit. It felt amazing, I had been wanting this for so long, I had been wanting a real man to have his way with me, to just take me and fuck me. I felt two fingers slide inside me and then back out, moving back to my clit. He was driving me wild. The pleasure he was creating was intense and incomparable. I felt that I might cum at any minute. I was quivering under his touch and every inch of me was falling into a sea of pleasure. I needed this to last longer, to cum around his cock. 

I turned around to face him, stopping the building orgasm for the moment. I wanted to see what he would do. He seemed taller, his manly 6 ft frame towering over my 4'11". He surprised me, picking me up effortlessly and lifting me up high enough that I could wrap my legs around his head. He held me there like I weighed nothing and began to lick my clit and suck my labia, probing me with his tongue driving me quickly back to the edge of ecstasy. His tongue felt incredible as it licked my clit and probed into my pussy. He was tasting me, driving me wild. I was so close when he stopped and lowered me back on to my feet in front of him. 

As much as I wanted his cock pounding me hard, I dropped to my knees and took his balls in my mouth. I wanted to give him equal pleasure. Playing with them seemed to drive him crazy, so I wanted to see what sucking on them would do. I played with each testicle before licking his shaft, and swirling my tongue all around his tip. As I took him in my mouth, enjoying his taste, I looked up into his eyes. He was fighting to remain stoic, and not reveal his enjoyment or feelings in that moment; I wanted more from him. I wanted to get him dangerously close as he had done with me. I licked him down to his balls once more, sucking each of them. I took his head in my mouth again using my tongue to swirl and stimulate every nerve in his tip. He was engrossed in the pleasure, which was the perfect time to take it to the next level for him. I wrapped one hand around his cock and stroked him up and down a few times before moving past the base of his cock, past his scrotum to his ass. Surprising him, I slid one little finger into his unexplored hole, searching for his prostate. I knew the minute I found it by his reaction. While still sucking his incredibly hard cock, I began focusing on the new button I had found to bring him intense pleasure. I felt his cock stiffen and I could sense he was very close. 

Suddenly he threw me back on to my bed. In a yet unmatched display of primal masculine domination, he pinned me to the bed, I was completely his to fuck in that moment. He held my hands over my head and and slammed into me. The pressure and pleasure of finally feeling him was incredible. He was so big, felt so good, he filled me completely, even stretching me. I could feel every ridge of his cock against my pussy. He kept slamming it into me and I couldn't help but cry out in pleasure. I was moaning and breathing heavy, I couldn't formulate words, all I could do was moan and gasp as he fucked me harder than I had ever been fucked in my life. It was intense and incredible and was the fulfillment of my most sought after fantasy. To be made completely powerless under a very strong and skillful man. The world faded away for a few moments as I came over and over again, my body convulsing in ripples of pleasure as he continued pounding his cock inside of my pussy. I need more, I begged and screamed for him. I had cum for him, now he would cum for me. Using all my strength I rolled us, reversing the position, I was now on top of him. I wrapped my thumb and forefinger around the base of his cock teasing his testicles with my other fingers. I used my other hand to enter his ass again and press on his prostate. I wrapped my mouth around his cock and lightly sucked while pressing his button, and drank in his warm salty cum. I made sure to take in every drop before releasing him.

We had several other equally amazing encounters before I left the area. Since we are no longer in the same town, I have only the memories and my assortment of toys to bring me satisfaction. Nothing is as good or intense as the real thing though.