 It was several uneventful weeks after I had successfully videotaped Jessica when there was a big project happy hour at a local bar. There were tons of people there and it wasn't until late into the night when I made my way back to the bar that I found myself next to Jessica. She gave me a big smile and playfully asked if I had come to see her. I was honest and said that I had actually come to get a beer, but that seeing her was an unexpected bonus. She blushed at that and we began to make small talk. I ended up very close to her as we talked, partly because the bar was so crowded and partly because it was so loud. I never left her side for the rest of the night, mainly for fear of losing my spot. I was really enjoying her attention and felt like she was pretty into me. We naturally broached the topic of relationships, both agreeing that when you weren't really looking for one was generally when you had the best luck finding one. Tonight seemed like proof of that.

As Jessica reached the bottom of her drink, she seemed to be debating ordering another. Saying she was afraid one more might impair her ability to drive, she wondered out loud if there was anyone who might be able to give her a lift home. I smiled at her brick-like subtlety and assured her that not only would I be willing to drive her home, I was also sober enough to do it safely. She thanked me and smiled, staring into my eyes. I finished my drink, but refrained from ordering another, as we continued our conversation. Once she'd finished, we agreed that it was time to leave but were leery of drawing any attention to ourselves among our coworkers. We headed to the bathrooms separately, agreeing to meet near the front door. Once outside, we headed to my car and I opened the passenger side door for her. Before she got in, she turned to me and leaned up to kiss me. Placing my hand on the back of her head, I slipped my tongue into her mouth and she moaned happily, returning the gesture.

I closed the door for her and climbed in the driver's side. I had to play dumb at this point and pretend I had no idea where she lived. In fact, when we finally got there, I said something like "You live in a music store?" She even laughed at my lame attempt at humor, which made me feel even more that she was really into me. She led me up the stairs to her apartment and into the living room. We took our coats off and she gave me the tour: living room, kitchen, bathroom and, finally, the bedroom.

Naturally, as I looked around her bedroom, I had to look toward the window, while resisting the urge to smirk. I don't think she would have ever noticed me out there without knowing to look for me. Not that it mattered now.

I turned back to face her, noticing she had let her hair down, and reached out to put my hands on her small waist. Her hands came up around my shoulders as our faces moved closer together. We tilted our heads and brought our lips together, our tongues quickly slipping into each other's mouths. I pulled her against me, knowing she would feel my bulge against her stomach. Her hand slipped down between us to rub it as we made out. Before I knew it, she was unfastening my belt and sliding down to her knees. As she got my jeans opened, I was running my fingers through her hair. She worked my jeans down over my hips then rubbed the bulging front of my briefs before pulling them down as well. She took my rigid cock in her hand and began pumping it up and down while looking at it intently. She had me move over to sit on the edge of the bed and went to work taking my shoes off. My jeans and underwear followed my shoes as I leaned back on my elbows and watched. 

Positioning herself on her knees between my legs, she smiled up at me as she took my cock in her hand, then lowered her mouth onto me. I sucked in my breath as I felt her warm mouth engulf me, then let it out as a long moan feeling her lips sliding up and down. I still couldn't believe what was happening even as I watched Jessica's face, framed by her long hair, bobbing up and down in my lap. She was good, too; I felt the sap quickly rising in my loins. She was gently pumping the base of my cock as she sucked while her other hand was massaging my balls. Pausing, she continued to pump my cock in her right hand but cradled my balls in her left as she ran her tongue over them. Her tongue then traced up the underside of my cock before her lips wrapped around me once again. She took my full length and deep throated me, causing me to moan as my orgasm rose. My cock swelled as Jessica picked up her pace and suddenly I was shooting my load and she was swallowing it down.

She kept my dick in her mouth until I had nothing left to give. Letting it drop, she smiled at me and stood up. I sat up and she helped me out of my shirt. I was now naked as she indicated for me to slide up onto the bed. Lying back, propped up on her pillows, I watched as Jessica pulled her shirt from the waistband of her jeans. Continuing, she lifted the shirt up, exposing her smooth, flat stomach followed by the lacy navy blue bra restraining her massive tits. Her face disappeared from view momentarily, but I managed to distract myself staring at her nipples poking against the cups of her bra. As her head popped free of her shirt collar, she caught me looking and smiled broadly. Letting her shirt drop to the floor, she cupped her large breasts and asked me if I liked them. 

That had to be one of the silliest questions I've ever heard; I'm sure she has never had anyone say "No." My response was somewhere along the lines of how it wouldn't be fair for me to say before I had a chance to get to know them better. She laughed and, as she reached behind her back to unclasp her bra, said she suspected I would know them quite well by sunrise. As her bra slid down her arms, revealing her beauties in all their glory, my jaw dropped and I was speechless. I was probably only two feet closer to her than I had been when I'd spied through her window, but those two feet made all the difference in the world. I could see how smooth they were, the slight bumpiness of her large aureoles and how hard her nipples were. I think my mouth was actually watering.

Jessica seemed amused by my attention, but I'm sure it wasn't the first time she'd witnessed it. She just went ahead and unfastened her jeans and began to shimmy out of them. I watched as her breasts jiggled, then allowed my eyes to move down her body as her navy blue panties came into view. As she stepped out of her jeans, she knelt on the foot of the bed then leaned forward and crawled toward me, her big breasts swinging as she did. Somehow, I managed to look into her eyes the whole way as she approached me, probably because they were a beautiful hazel color. She was straddling my body and, as she got close enough to kiss me, I felt her breasts come to rest on my chest. My arms went around her and pulled her against me as we began to make out again. I rolled her onto her left side while we made out and placed my left hand on her right tit. I started out just running my hand over it, feeling its weight and lightly stroking her nipple. 

Pausing in my tit worship, I let my hand slide around to her ass, again finding that she was sporting a thong, and caressed her smooth cheek. I began to work my way from making out to kissing her neck and nibbling her earlobes and eventually rolled her onto her back and put my mouth to work on her hard nipples. Jessica really got into having her nipples licked and sucked to the point where she was holding her tits up for me. This, of course, left me with a hand available to slide down over her flat stomach and onto the front of her panties. I felt the narrow strip of matted down fur just before I reached a very damp patch, which had soaked up the juices leaking from her smooth pussy. As I continued to lick and suck her nipples, and my dick started to wake up again, I ran a couple of fingers up and down over the damp part of her panties. I could swear her nipples got even harder.

I finally slipped my hand down the front of her panties, bringing my face back up to make out with her as I did. My fingers moved through the narrow patch of hair and down to her smooth lips, which were slippery with her moisture. She moaned as I slid my finger up and down her slit before focusing on the protruding bump at the top of her pussy. She had to pull her face away from mine as she moaned with pleasure, so I gently licked around her ear as my finger tickled her clit. I started working my way downward again, without letting up on my digital ministrations. I spent a minute or two on her nipples again, kissed the sensitive undersides of her breasts then moved down to her stomach. Much to her chagrin, I slipped my hand out of her panties. I had to in order to roll her over. She went along, though I don't think she was quite sure what I was up to. I just wanted to check out her incredible ass. I ran my hands up and down over her cheeks, then leaned down to kiss and nibble them. One of my hands crept back between her legs to stroke her pussy some more before I pushed my tongue against the soaked crotch of her panties.

I grasped the waistband and pulled her panties down to just below her ass, taking a long gaze at that perfect piece of anatomy before rolling her over again. On her back again with her tits jutting upward, she looked down at me as I slid her panties down to expose her pussy. I could feel the blood rapidly returning to my cock as I admired her pussy, pushing her legs apart once her panties were gone. I lowered my face between her legs and inhaled her musky scent before touching my tongue to her waiting clit. Jessica inhaled sharply and let out an enthusiastic moan while gripping handfuls of the bedspread. I lapped at her clit, like a kitten enjoying a bowl of milk, while slipping my middle finger into the steamy folds of her pussy. 

She was moaning and writhing on the bed, her hands going from holding my head to playing with her tits to gripping the bedspread. She started moving her hips up and down, subtly at first but becoming more and more pronounced in her gyrations the closer she got to orgasming. I redoubled my efforts, slurping on her clit and slipping a second finger into her pussy. She was getting loud now - moaning, crying out and whimpering – and was holding my head tightly in place. Her hips were pushing higher and higher as she arched her back upward and her noises were getting higher in pitch and shorter in duration. Finally, the dam burst and Jessica let out a long moan, dropping back onto the bed as tremors wracked her body. I continued to eat her as she rode out a very intense orgasm, letting up only when she had clearly had enough.

I crawled back up the bed, straddling Jessica, and lay myself on top of her, nestling my head next to hers and lightly kissing her neck while she continued to catch her breath. I raised my head and we looked deep into each other's eyes before bringing our lips together once again. My growing cock was resting against her engorged pussy and I'm sure she could feel it throbbing as I slowly began to hump it against her. She not-so-subtly began to roll me onto my back while remaining tightly against me. I allowed myself to be dominated and soon found myself looking up at her as she reached back to guide my cock into her waiting hole. 

Positioning me at her opening, she eased herself slowly down until I was balls deep then began to ride my full length. With her tits hanging right in my face, I held them still and attacked her nipples again. Her tight pussy felt like heaven, squeezing and sliding on my rigid cock. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lower lip as she raised and lowered herself, softly moaning with pleasure. My hands went from holding her tits to my eager mouth, around her back and down to grip her ass. I squeezed her cheeks and raised her up and down on my shaft, lifting my hips to meet her on the way down. She was supporting herself on one arm and playing with her tits with her free hand but her eyes were still closed. Occasionally I would dart my tongue out to lick one of her nipples, but mainly I was focused on bringing her off with my cock. The noises she was making were getting louder as she rode me faster and faster, slamming her ass down on my upper thighs. I was lost in the feeling of her warm, tight pussy sliding up and down my tool when she suddenly let out a cry and I could feel the tremors within her as she came. She continued to ride me at a slower pace as she experienced her orgasm, opening her eyes and blinking away the fog once she'd finished.

"Do you want to fuck me from behind?" she asked, looking down at me. I smiled back and nodded mutely. She swung her leg over me and positioned herself on all fours as I first sat up then got on my own knees behind her. Her head was resting on the bed and I could see that her breasts were, too. I ran my hands over the globes of her ass, then grabbed my cock and lined it up with her waiting pussy. I felt her hand on my cock helping to guide me. Pushing my hips forward, I found myself embedded completely in her waiting warmth and wetness. Her hand briefly caressed my balls before, I assumed, going to stroke her clit. I grasped her by the hips and began fucking, starting slowly but gradually increasing my pace. I was ready to cum again and, since she'd had two orgasms since my last one, I figured it was about my turn. She was kind of grunting and moaning with each of my thrusts and the faster and harder I thrusted, the louder she got. I could feel my orgasm quickly building and concentrated on getting as deep a penetration as I could. Finally, with one last thrust, I began to cum, buried deep in her pussy. With each squirt of jism, I pushed myself deeply into her until I was spent. I pulled out and collapsed on the bed with Jessica snuggling up next to me.

Needless to say, I did get to know her tits, as well as the rest of her body, very well by sunrise. By the end of that weekend, I probably knew her body more intimately than I knew my own.