 I've always thought of myself as a fairly ordinary heterosexual woman, when I thought about my sexuality at all. Liberated, maybe more orgasmic than some of the women I've known, but still destined to marry a guy and have a kid or two, like much of the rest of society. And I didn't believe in "love at first sight" or even "love at first kiss." Polyamory? Never heard of it. As it turned out, I had a lot to learn.

By the time I was in my mid-twenties, the extent of my sexual experience was dating several dozen men and eventually taking a half a dozen of them to bed. A lot of my dates were turned on to me because I was "exotic" -- the progeny of a white man and a woman of Japanese descent. My dad's genes made me a few inches taller than the average Japanese woman, and I got my dad's dark brown hair, but the rest of me was pretty much my mom's slim form and dark eyes, with their epicanthic folds. I was wearing my mom's A-cup bras up until I was twenty; my breasts stopped growing just short of a comfortably snug B-cup. I also got my mom's nipples -- dark brown, not long but fat, perched on cones of areolae. They stiffened with the slightest provocation and loved being played with. The last trait my mother gave me was soft, silky pubic hair that I loved to run my fingers through. 

Now that I look back on it, though, that exotic Asian look might have hurt me in the long run, because while some men fall victim to "yellow fever," they're often averse to forming a real commitment to women not of their race. (The fact that I was only half-Asian didn't make any difference.) And to tell the truth, while the sex was fun, I never felt myself falling in love with any of them. So I stayed single, taking my fun where I could. 

Until I met Michael.

I used to know Michael from when we both worked at Progressive Industrial, which made heavy machinery. I was in the accounting department, and he was a purchasing agent. From time to time, he'd visit my office get my boss's approval for an expenditure, and we would chat. I knew he was married, so I didn't make a play for him, and he always behaved himself. It was never the sort of flirting that would get us in trouble with the human relations people, but his smile always made my day brighter, and I couldn't help but notice (and appreciate!) the way his gaze sometimes drifted from my eyes to my tits. I remembered that he had lost a son to cancer...the boy was only six...and we all signed the condolences card that was passed around the office. But that was about all I knew about his personal life.

After we'd known each other for a few years, he quit to join a chemical manufacturing company in Newark, New Jersey, as a sales rep. (That company was one of our suppliers, which is how he knew about the job opening.) The new job entailed a move from Wilmington, Delaware, where Progressive is located, so we threw him a going-away party, and I expected that our paths would never cross again. I found that I missed his company. So when I got a text from him about six months later, asking me out to lunch, I immediately accepted.

It turned out that he was back in town to make a sales pitch to the new purchasing agent. "Adel Chemical...the company I work for now...has developed a new solvent," he told me as we waited for our food, "and I remembered how much of the old stuff that I bought at Progressive, for cleaning the machinery before they shipped it out. This new stuff is...what's the phrase they're using now? More eco-friendly? Anyway, it's better than the old stuff, and cheaper, too, and I'm sure I can make the sale. So how are things at Progressive nowadays?"

So I filled him in on the usual gossip. Jane in HR had a baby, somebody in the financial department got caught embezzling, Gregory over in testing got promoted, and so on. As we talked, I noticed that his eyes kept drifting downward toward my bosom. Well, that wasn't new. I figured that, like all men, he had a proclivity for mentally undressing me, although he was enough of a gentleman not to let it show too much. Since I was on my lunch break, I was wearing what I usually wore to work, a non-sheer blouse with a stiff-cupped bra underneath, so my nipples wouldn't show. I noticed something else, too. His wedding ring was gone.

"So how are things going with you and Kay?" I asked cautiously.

"Well, we've divorced," he replied. "When we moved out of town, she got a job at a start-up company in Manhattan, but it folded almost immediately. There wasn't another one around, but her old company offered to take her back, at a higher salary even, for an office they'd opened in Philadelphia. So she moved there. We knew at that point that our marriage was over, anyway. We'd kind of been drifting apart after Kyle died. These things happen."

"Yes, they do," I said. But my mind was racing. He's not attached anymore, we don't work together anymore. All the impediments that kept us from getting closer are gone. Is that why he's getting back in touch with me? Should I make a play for him? 

"How about you?" he said. "Anybody special in your life now?"

"Not really. I have a few boyfriends, but nobody steady. That's the way I like it right now."

"I'm happy for you. I think my mistake was settling down too fast, before either of us got to really know each other. You're doing the right thing."

Well, I thought, I should give him a chance. "Are you going to be around for a while?" I asked.

"Probably until tomorrow, at least. I was supposed to make my sales pitch to Craig this afternoon, but something came up with his family, so I re-booked for tomorrow morning. "

"Oh, yeah. His son broke his arm this morning, and his wife is out of town, so he took the rest of the day off. I guess that means that you're not going back home tonight, are you?"

"No. I've booked a room at the Fairfield."

"Well, if you don't have plans, why don't we go out to dinner tonight? I'll treat."

"I'd be a fool to turn you down!" he said with a grin. So I told him where I lived, and asked him to pick me up at seven, so I'd have time to take a shower and change my clothes.

On the way home, I stopped by the drugstore and bought a box of condoms and some contraceptive foam. I'd shaved my legs just the other day, so the shower didn't take long. I chose a low-cut dress that would show off my breasts and give me some cleavage, and a bra that would give my bust a bit of an uplift. A string of pearls, just long enough to reach down to the valley of my breasts, completed my outfit. I dabbed a little perfume onto my neck and examined myself in the mirror. 

"Jessie, you're loaded for bear," I thought to myself. I didn't think I could have been more blatant if I'd worn a sign that said, "Fuck me now!" I had just enough time to change the sheets on the bed, in case our evening ended up there. 

He picked me up at seven, right on the dot, and took me to a Thai restaurant that I liked, and then back to my apartment for a dessert and coffee. But when I sat down with him on the couch, put my hand on his thigh, and said, "Well, how about another kiss?" he said something that took the air out of the whole evening. 

"I'd like to, Jessie, but there's a complication. I'm seeing another woman right now, and I'd feel guilty about making out with somebody else behind her back."

"Are you that serious about her?"

"I think so. After we started dating, I got the impression that she wanted me to date other people, or at least ask her permission first. Claire's a sweet girl, and I wouldn't want her to think that I'm two-timing her."

"Well, I respect that. I was looking forward to a little more from you tonight..."

"You mean making out, right? I thought that might be the case."

"Making out? I meant fucking, Michael." And I leaned forward, to deepen the valley between my breasts and give him a little eye candy, a trick I'd often used in the past to flirt with him. 

"Really? I didn't think we knew each other well enough for that."

"Michael, we've known each other for six years. Seven years, almost. We saw each other nearly once a week. And you ought to know that I enjoyed your company and saw how you looked at me sometimes. I would have wanted to go further, except that you were married."

"Yeah. To tell you the truth, I always looked forward to seeing you. You didn't know it, but there were a lot of times you really made my day. And my thoughts about you weren't always the purest, particularly when you wore those summer dresses...the sheer ones I thought I could see your bra through."

"But you didn't want to cheat on your wife."

"Yeah. And I've always thought that it was a bad idea to get involved with people you're working with. What's that old saying? 'Don't fish in the steno pool!'"

"You were probably right about that! But I want to thank you for a lovely evening, anyway." I moved over on the couch and sat next to him. "Do you think...Claire?...would mind if I just stole a kiss?"

"Just a kiss? I don't think so." So we hugged and I gave him a deep kiss, with a little tongue. He responded by kissing my neck, and I found myself shivering. I wanted to reach down and feel his cock, to see if it was hardening, but that was probably going a little too far. 

We both knew that the longer he stayed, the harder it would be to keep our hands off each other, so I broke the kiss and gave his hand a squeeze. "Thanks for the evening," I said with a smile. "You should be getting back to the hotel."

"You're right. Thank you, and thanks for being so considerate of my relationship with Claire. You're a good woman, Jessie."

"And you're a good man. Be sure to call her when you get to the hotel, and tell her what a lucky girl she is!"

We gave each other good-night kisses, chaste ones on the cheek, and he was off. I considered calling up one of my friends to go bar-hopping, but I knew that my heart wouldn't be in it. Instead, I stripped naked and masturbated on my clean sheets, imagining that Michael was there with me, pressing his naked body against me, his fingers on my cunt instead of mine, our mouths pressed together, his hard cock nudging against my thigh and parting my cunt lips and sliding into me and filling me with his seed. My orgasm came hard and fast, and I fell asleep with my fingers, fragrant with my cum, lazily stroking my cunt.

Well, a girl's got to take care of herself, you know.

***

I thought that that would be the end of it. I couldn't have been more wrong. It was just the beginning.

About four weeks later, I got a text from Michael saying that he was back in town to seal the deal with Progressive and work out some of the details. "Are you up for another lunch date?" the screen read. I texted him back immediately, and found him waiting at the diner when I arrived. 

I didn't know whether a peck on the cheek would be appropriate, given my last date with him, so I extended my hand instead. But instead of shaking it, he put an envelope into it.

"Read it," he said.

I opened the envelope. Inside was a letter. From Claire.

"Dear Jessie," it said. "Michael tells me that there is some sexual attraction between the two of you. I want you to know that if you wish to pursue this and make love to him, you have my permission and my blessing. Love, Claire. P.S. He's clean, and he's clipped!"

I looked at him in wonder. "Is this true?"

Without answering, he pulled out a cell phone and made a call.

"Claire? I'm with Jessie. Would you like to talk with her?" And then he handed the phone to me.

"Jessie? Are you there?"

"Yes," I said.

"Did you read the letter?" The voice was a sultry, deep voice...almost a purr.

"I did. Is it true...would you mind? If I..."

"Yes, it's true. You have my blessing. You know, Mike hasn't had much experience with women. He was a virgin when he married. So give him a good time, and feel free to teach him what you can!"

I swallowed hard. So this was really happening. I could fuck Michael, and she wouldn't mind!

"Thank you," I said. "I'll be good to him."

I heard her chuckle. "You'd better be! I'm going to have him tell me everything that happened. I only wish I could be there to see it!" And with that, she hung up.

I asked Michael, "I figured what she meant by 'clean' in the letter...no STDs, right? But when she said 'clipped' did she mean that you're circumcised?"

"No, she meant that I'd had a vasectomy."

"When did that happen?"

"Right after Kay and I had Kyle. She didn't want another kid. But after Kyle died, she changed her mind. We'd talked about a sperm donor, or about adoption, but she had strong moral feelings about that. I think that that had a lot to do with the divorce. She wanted a guy that would impregnate her, have a baby, and be a father to that baby. I didn't agree, but it was her decision, and I accepted it." So I didn't have to worry about venereal disease or pregnancy, I thought. No need for the foam and the condoms!

Well, lunch arrived, and I sensed that he didn't want to talk about the past any more. So we chatted about other things, and I told him to be at my place at seven...that would give me enough time to get home, shower and shave my legs, and give my pubes a trim. It was so strange. Now that we had decided that we'd be fucking, we kind of skirted around the issue, trying to make it just a normal lunch date. We talked about our jobs, the people we knew in common, anything but sex. But that's all I was thinking about.

Then I had to return to the office. As we left the diner, he told me that he'd stop by the Chinese restaurant around the corner from my apartment and get some food to go, along with a bottle of wine. This time, I pulled him close and we kissed. I'd meant it to be a show of friendship, but he kissed back harder and made it last longer than I expected. To my surprise, it didn't bother me; I was flattered that he thought me so desirable. But as I walked back to the office, I found myself wondering where this might lead to. 

You see, this was the first time I'd gone from chatting straight to fucking. My previous dates had started with necking, then groping, then some serious fondling, and finally intercourse, all taking place over a series of dates. I'd had the time to adjust to my lovers and have them adjust to me. But I'd committed to fucking Michael this very night, before we'd even gotten to second base. Could I do it? I figured he could, since everything I'd learned about men told me that there wasn't a single one who wouldn't jump for a chance at a fuck on the first date. It was every man's fantasy, but was never one of mine. Until Michael.

Oh, well. I'd find out soon enough. And this time, I'll show him what sort of demon he'd released, and I'll do it in the most blatant way possible.

I met him at the door in a slightly sheer summer dress, the kind that you can just barely see the panties and bra through. Neither article of underwear covered a lot; the bra was a shelf bra that barely covered my nipples. When he came through the door carrying a bag of Chinese food and a bottle of wine, I gave him a big hug and a kiss before he even put the food on the table. My heart was beating like it had never beaten before. I was giddy with anticipation.

"Let's eat dinner before it gets cold," I said, with just a shade of tremor in my voice. I opened the wine, and we chatted as we ate. I was still trying to get a handle on what kind of lover he might be, but couldn't find a way to bring up the topic. But then, I figured that he couldn't, either, so it was up to me.

As it turned out, I provided the opening when I said, "So, tell me about Clara. What's she like?"

"Well, she's a lot different from Kay," he replied. "Kay was always kind of conservative. You know, missionary position, no kissing below the waist, had to make sure all the blinds were closed and the doors were locked. Claire is different. More aggressive, saying 'Let's try this' or 'Let's do that,' letting me know that there's more to sex than the garden variety." He paused. "She'd always trying to get me out of my comfort zone. It wasn't easy at first. It was kind of intimidating, in fact. She's had more sexual experience than Kay, or any other woman I know, for that matter. She's had dozens and dozens of lovers, or so she says. Mostly guys, but girls, too."

"Well, the sex was good for you and Kay at first, wasn't it?"

"I guess. We were both virgins, we had no experience at all. So all we knew was what we taught each other or learned from each other. I knew that after a while I was disappointing her, not getting her where she needed to be, but she couldn't tell me why. She just sort of assumed I'd know."

"Well, I'm no virgin, but I'm not all that experienced, either. Let's just try it and see what happens." With that, I stood and unzipped the back of my dress and let it fall to the floor. I stood there, hoping that my lacy push-up bra and matching panties would have the desired effect.

It did.

He stood up, too, and I slowly unbuttoned his shirt. As he took it off, I unbuckled his belt, pulled the zipper down, and let his pants drop to the floor. "Take off your undershirt," I said. It was off in a single sweep of his arms, revealing a chest with smooth muscles and an abundance of blond hair. I kissed each nipple, and stroked his thickening cock through his briefs, which were showing a wet spot at the tip of his penis. His hands stroked my back, slipping underneath my bra straps.

"May I unhook your bra?" I heard him say in a voice that trembled. I suddenly felt better, knowing that he was just as nervous as I was.

"Please." I slipped the shoulder straps down. His hands fumbled with the back strap, then found the clasp and unhooked it. I felt my breasts drop slightly as the bra fell to the floor. As he stared at my nipples, I had a momentary pang of panic. Were my boobs too saggy for him? My breasts were never that large, but they were a bit firmer five years earlier. 

But then he put his arms around me and held me close, our naked chests pressed against each other, my hardening nipples pushing against his pecs. It was going to be all right, I thought. 

I knelt before him and pulled his briefs down. His erection sprang free, a beautifully shaped penis with a slight arc. Not too big, not too thick. In contrast to the hair on his body, his groin was as hairless as a child's.

"You've shaved! I've never seen a man with shaved pubes before!"

"Claire did it. It was her idea. Do you like it?"

"I don't know. It's different. But you're so hard now, you're going to pop before we even get to bed. May I give you a blow job? I think I know how to do this." I sucked his knob as I untied his shoes. He kicked them off, and lifted his left foot, then the right, as I slipped off his socks. Now he was totally naked, and totally in my thrall.

It didn't take long. He was groaning with pleasure as I grasped his cock at its base with my thumb and forefinger, and took it as deeply into my mouth as I could, and ran my tongue along its underside. As I fondled his balls, I felt them contract, and then I felt the base of his cock pulse in my hand as he emptied his load into my mouth. Then I got another surprise. "Don't swallow!" I heard him say. Then he pulled me to my feet, hugged me hard, and locked his lips onto mine. I felt his tongue thrusting into my mouth, tasting his cum as I was tasting it. And his hand slipped into my panties, one hand fondling my cunt with slow, light strokes and the other clasping an ass cheek. I melted into his arms. 

"I'm sorry," he said. "Claire likes me to do that. The cum kiss, I mean."

"No worries," I replied. "I liked it! It's just new to me, that's all. I've never met a man who liked his own cum."

"Not even when eating you?"

"Eating me? You mean giving me head?"

"After he's cum into you, yes."
