 Jill returned to The Pink PUSSYkat the following evening, waiting until almost eleven to arrive. The parking lot was nearly as full as the night before, but as she found a space for her car, she could see that a few people were leaving. She walked to the entrance and went inside.

There was a large crowd, mostly in the area closest to the dancers' runway. All the tables were filled back as far as she was standing, but there were several empty tables and booths in the back. Jill threaded her way through the crowd and found Jeff at the bar, standing at the end next to the only empty stool.

" Are you saving that for anyone special?" she asked Jeff coyly.

"I think so," he replied. "It's yours if you want it." Jill thanked him and sat down. Jeff brought her a margarita without being asked.

"I like your outfit," Jeff observed. Jill smiled prettily at the compliment. She was wearing a thin pale blue long-sleeved v-neck blouse made of a smooth clingy fabric. The blouse had four buttons from the v to where it tucked into her long beige wrap dress, which was attached at her waist by two buttons spaced about four inches apart. While she was standing, the skirt reached to mid-calf. As she sat down, it parted to show most of her legs. She was wearing nylon stockings and the parted dress revealed them nearly to their tops. 

Jeff spent the next half-hour doing a lot of running back and forth, helping at the bar, busing tables, working the cash drawer, restocking the bar, and acting as potential bouncer. He paused for a moment to refill her glass but was too busy to talk. Jill sipped her drink slowly and watched Jeff as he moved. He wasn't as obviously muscular as Steve, but he was clearly in good shape and athletic, as his Pink PUSSYkat logo T -shirt and trim khaki trousers demonstrated. By the time he was able to return to Jill's side, more than half the customers had paid and left. Jeff sat on the vacated stool next to her.

"The dancers finish at one a. m.," Jeff explained. "They take turns performing from seven, and since there's always a dancer on the runway for those eight hours, it makes a pretty hard night for the girls. Of course, it makes a pretty hard night for the men too, but in a different way." They both chuckled. "We close at two on Saturday nights," he added They chatted for a few minutes, and then Jeff was called away again about something to do with a check, and it was nearly one a. m. before he could take a full break from his duties.

He finally was able to return to his seat next to Jill, clearly happy to do so. Jill sat with her legs crossed and absently ran a fingernail back and forth across her stocking just above the knee.

"Oh, darn!" she exclaimed suddenly. "I've got a snag." Jeff looked down and, sure enough, the stocking was beginning to ladder up her thigh and down over her knee. "Well," Jill said, "there's only one thing to do."

She spread her parted skirt wider until the tops of her stockings and the top garter clips showed, as well as an inch of bare thigh. She unfastened the clip holding the snagged stocking and lifted her leg so she could reach the second clip underneath. She opened the clip with a deft gesture and began to roll the stocking down her thigh. She rolled the filmy material slowly, pausing now and then as if to consider how she was doing. Jeff thought she was doing fine. She toed her shoe off her foot. Jill eased her foot out of the stocking and crossed her legs the other way. The contrast between her two legs, one stockinged and one bare, looked very sexy to Jeff's eyes.

"I guess I'd better take off the other one," she said. "Or maybe you would like to, Jeff."

Jeff needed no further encouragement. As he recalled, he had permissions, even demands, that hadn't even been mentioned yet. Removing a stocking shouldn't be a problem. Jill crossed her leg so Jeff could reach her garter clips more easily, and he wasted no time in unfastening them. Jill's thigh felt cool and smooth on top, but as he started to roll the stocking down, his fingers reached the inner part of her thigh, which was much warmer. Her legs were stunning! he thought. He rolled the stocking down and she dropped her shoe and lifted her foot for him to pull the stocking off. Her movement caused her skirt to open to the tops of her thighs.

"Well?" she challenged.

"I think I'm supposed to do some checking, " Jeff said. He put his hand on her knee and slid it up her thigh to the very top, sliding the side of the dress back all the way to her hip. She was naked underneath. She laughed at the look of disappointment on Jeff's face.

"You're disappointed because I'm not wearing panties? Can that be true?" she teased. Jeff flushed with embarrassment. 

"That does seem pretty stupid, doesn't it?" he muttered. 

"I think it's kind of cute," Jill said, smiling at her joke. "You have to admit, it's unusual." 

"Everything about this is unusual," Jeff replied.

"Well, perhaps, but I'm glad you remembered you are supposed to check," Jill said, "I really am. Checking is always important, you should remember that, and do it often. You just never know." 

Jeff glanced at Jill's blouse, but it was evident from her nipples poking at the thin fabric that she wasn't wearing a bra. Knowing Jeff was checking out her blouse, Jill slumped back against the stool, knowing the blouse would gape a bit between the buttons, giving Jeff a glimpse of the undercurve of her breast and of the skin of her stomach. She knew he would find the tantalizing peeks arousing, not to mention the shape of her nipples articulated in the fabric of her blouse.

Jeff was confused. This wasn't what he had expected. Nothing this woman did was what he expected. He couldn't anticipate what she would do next, and he found that both disconcerting and fascinating. Checking her out. Checking...

"I'll keep that in mind," Jeff said. "In the meantime, let me observe that you have incredibly beautiful legs."

"Thank you kind sir, she said," Jill responded, smiling and sitting up straight. "Now, if you will excuse me while I go to the little girl's room, you might get us another drink while I'm gone. But before that, I need to do something with this skirt situation." She reached down and clasped the garter belt and rotated it around her waist until she could unhook it and pull it out from under her skirt. "There, that's better." She handed the garment to Jeff. "I'll be right back." 

Jill was gone less than five minutes. She was a bit disappointed to find that many of the customers were gone, but knowing Jeff as she now did, that was probably just as well. All the dancers had finished their last turns and retired to the dressing room off the back of the stage. Five of the ten waitresses who had been working the floor sat at a back table and were counting their tips. The others were still working, clearing tables for the most part. The three bartenders were cleaning up behind the bar and beginning to total their receipts. Only about a half dozen customers were left. Jeff nodded to one of the bartenders, who picked up a portable microphone and announced "Last Call!"

Jeff picked up a fresh pitcher of margaritas and two glasses and led Jill to the back of the room. He chose the raised booth in the corner. After pouring drinks and sipping from them, Jill and Jeff looked expectantly at one another.

"You come wrapped like a present," Jeff told Jill, indicating her outfit. It was then he noticed there was something different about it.

"Do you like presents?" Jill asked coyly.

"Oh, you bet. When I was a kid, I couldn't wait for Christmas. But I thought Christmas came in December."

"What did you usually do with your presents?" Jill asked with a smile.

Jeff reached out and opened the top button on Jill's blouse. The edge of a blue satin bra came into view. 

"You see," she said, "it's always important to check, even a second time."

"I'll certainly remember that," Jeff responded, as he continued opening the blouse buttons one after the other. The bra was a simple but expensive-looking garment with no decorative or support function. Jeff pulled the blouse away from Jill's slender torso and feasted his eyes on her shallow cleavage and smooth ivory skin. 

Jeff turned his attention to Jill's skirt, which was already parted nearly to the tops of her thighs. He spread the split of the skirt further apart until the split reached Jill's abdomen, revealing a pair of blue satin French-cut panties matching the bra. He ran his hands over the front of the panties and fingered the waistband, then the side seams, the leg holes, and finally the area of wetness between Jill's legs as she quivered under his touch. 

At last he reached behind her, grabbed a fistful of cloth in each over each buttock, and pulled savagely. Jill gasped. There was a sharp tearing sound as the panties came apart. Jeff tore the panties around to the sides, leaving Jill's ass completely bare. He tore both side seams out and then the front panel of the panties, leaving only the waistband and the two elastic leg bands. Those he tore viciously. He tossed the scraps of cloth onto the floor of the booth. Jill lay back, her legs sprawled as if after sex. 

Jeff attacked the bra much more gently. He held one soft piece of cloth that served as a cup and easily separated it from the strap which held it, then repeated the process with the other cup, and finally held both cups and separated them from one another. Jill sat up and allowed Jeff to slide what remained of the bra away from her body. 

Jill's breasts were small but perfect. Jeff was enthralled by the lovely curves, the unblemished smoothness, and the upturn of her small nipples, which were very pink and hard, straining outward as if reaching for him.

Jill watched Jeff as his eyes seemed to caress each millimeter of skin, and then gasped again as Jeff lightly traced a line with his fingers from the hollow of her throat down to her cleavage and then lightly around each breast in slow circles that narrowed until his fingers were pulling lightly at both her nipples. Jill arched her back and leaned forward in her seat, pushing her breasts into Jeff's hands which were caressing her so expertly. 

His touch was gentle but it set her on fire inside. She ached for him to take her breasts in her mouth, desiring his lips, coveting his tongue, panting for him to nip and lick and suck until she would go mad from his attentions. Instead, he paused and leaned back, gazing at her intently. Then he leaned forward again and kissed her mouth, his lips soft at first but becoming more demanding, his tongue flicking quickly against her lips and teeth, then plunging deeply into her mouth and entwining with hers. She responded immediately with her own tongue, probing deeply until both were breathless and had to break apart.

His hands returned to her breasts, cupping them as his thumbs flicked at her nipples. She tore at his shirt, ripping it open. She traced her long fingernails across his chest, then reached around under his shirt and clutching at his back as their lips came together, the kiss becoming more and more demanding. Jeff closed his hands over her breasts, hurting her the way she desired him to, but quickly turning gentle once again, caressing her breasts and nipples, running his fingers over her collarbones, touching the hollow at the base of her throat, moving one hand incessantly across and around and under and over her breasts until she could barely gasp. She felt a fullness begin in the lower part of her abdomen. She was becoming very wet between her legs. He had not yet touched her there. She ached for him to. Excruciating, exquisite torture.

Jill leaned back, breathing heavily, as was Jeff. Jill's blouse lay fully open, her breasts enticing him, her skirt parted nearly to her waist as she let her knees relax and separate. Jeff smiled, enjoying what he was seeing, knowing there was still more to come.

One of the bartenders approached the booth with the final receipts tally and the cooler key in his hand. He hesitated but Jill waved him on. He looked at Jeff, who shrugged and nodded. The barman handed Jeff the receipts for his signature and Jeff dutifully signed his name to each one while the barman couldn't keep his eyes from exploring Jill's revelations. Her long legs were stretched out, her skirt was open nearly to her waist, and her blouse covered nothing but her shoulders and upper arms. Jill stretched her body and arched her back a little, lifting her breasts until her swollen nipples seemed to point directly into the bartender's eyes as she smiled lazily with half-closed eyes. When Jeff finished signing, the barman muttered a stuttering "thank you" and reluctantly retreated to the other end of the room.

Jeff poured fresh drinks from the margarita pitcher. "I never thought --," he began, but Jill interrupted him.

"You haven't finished unwrapping your present." She remained half reclining against the back of the booth. Jeff bent over her, placing one hand back of her neck and lifting her head to meet his probing kiss. His other hand again caressed her breasts, very gently now. Her body began moving slightly under his touch. Jeff eased Jill's blouse off her shoulders and slid it down her arms until she was completely free of it. Her shoulders were smooth, while her collarbones were delicate, as were the bones of her arms, wrists, and fingers. His hand traced them all, and her entire body quivered. Her breasts, she soon discovered, fit exactly into his cupped hands, and equally well into his mouth. She clutched him spasmodically, urgently, as he caressed and kissed and fondled and sucked her breasts as she writhed beneath him. 

Jeff finally brought his fingers to the two buttons holding her skirt together. He freed first one and then the other, moving his hand down over her stomach and abdomen, probing her deep navel, tantalizing her by bringing his hand first closer but then further away from the tops of her legs. He stroked her abdomen and after what seemed an eternity to Jill, lightly touched the thick hair of her pussy, then ran his hand across the arc of her hip and down the outside of her leg to her knee, completely freeing her from the skirt. She was finally, completely, gloriously naked.

She drew her knee up and he moved his hand down her leg, cupping her calf, massaging it firmly, then moved his hand back up her leg to her knee, where he moved his fingers in tiny circles. Jill moved her legs apart, one knee still bent, for him to touch her between her thighs. He brought his hand to the inside of her knee and began to caress her there, moving his hand leisurely up her inner thigh to the point where her stocking had ended and then bringing it back again to her knee.

His mouth was still busy at her breasts and she clutched the back of his head, entwining her fingers in his thick hair, pulling his head into her breasts with all her strength. He responded with little nips and bites on her breasts and nipples, keeping his tongue busy as well. 

Meanwhile he lengthened his caress of her thigh to include the whole sweep of her legs, moving his hand up one thigh and then another. At last he reached to touch her pussy, and lightly and tantalizingly stroking her flesh at the tops of her inner thighs, drawing his fingers along both sides of her pussy lips, toying with the hair above it, moving all around it but in narrowing circles until at long last his fingers found her opening.

Jill screamed out in ecstasy as she felt the orgasm build to its peak and take her completely in wave after wave. Her body jerked in huge spasms that overwhelmed her. She could only give herself over to the demands of her body, entirely beyond her control. 

The racking spasms finally began to diminish, both in frequency and in intensity, and she lay back exhausted but already feeling the desire begin to grow again within her. She had never been so completely overwhelmed. It was only then that she realized that Jeff had not been inside her at all, not even with his fingers. Her body had reacted only to his persistent touch. She couldn't begin to think what would happen when he did find his way to the place where she was even more sensitive and responsive.

Becoming once more aware of their surroundings, they both looked up and around to discover that they were alone in the room. All the customers, the dancers, and the waitresses and bartenders had gone without either of them noticing. Jeff stood back from her and reveled in Jill's nakedness. She looked at him through heavy-lidded eyes. He removed what remained of his shirt, then slipped out of his shoes, pulled off his socks, slid out of his khakis and briefs and rejoined her. 

He tenderly kissed her temple, both her eyes, the tip of her nose, and nibbled gently and flicked his tongue into the delicate inner folds of her earlobes. He ran his tongue down the line of her jaw and sucked lightly on her chin. Only then did he begin kissing her mouth, but she broke the kiss and brought his head down to her breasts.

Jill let him move his lips and tongue and teeth over her breasts and nipples while his fingers roamed between her thighs and began to stroke first her pussy lips and then her clitoris. She responded by moving her hands restlessly over his chest and back, then down over his buttocks and hips and the back of his thighs until her searching fingers returned to his stomach and began to caress his abdomen, moving downward and taking hold of his cock.

He was fully erect. His cock was circumcised, and the head of his cock felt like a velvet cap topping his long, smooth, erect shaft. She caressed it gently, wanting to make it larger and larger, wanting it to ram into her, wanting to take it into her mouth and suck it as he had sucked her breasts and nipples, desires real in her that she had only heard about and had been afraid of before. But no longer.

Jill pushed against the top of Jeff's head, pushed his shoulders down, felt his weight against her moving down her body until he moved away from her and knelt at her feet. He lifted her foot and flicked his tongue rapidly over her toes, then brought her big toe into his mouth and sucked it, massaging her calf at the same time. He did the same with her other foot, again sucking the toe, and began kissing her feet, sucking her heels, licking her insteps, her insoles, working his way slowly up to her ankles, hands and lips and tongue all busy on her skin.

She couldn't reach any part of him. She could only feel his ministrations and feel the frustration of being unable to touch him the way he was touching her. She put her hands on her breasts and began to squeeze them and pinch her nipples. But that was no good, Jeff's touch was too insistent, and she raised her arms above her head and lay back, giving herself up to his attentions.

He had worked his way to her knees, finding sensual trigger points she had never imagined existed, sucking the inside of her knee and behind it. He turned her over so that she was face down and began moving his tongue slowly up the backs of her thighs while his hands massaged the flesh of her buttocks. His fingers ran lightly up the crack of her ass. His tongue traced the line of her bottom and flicked just once at her pussy.

He moved over her, bent to kiss the back of her neck, traced her spine with his tongue, ran his hands over her back and up and down her sides from her knees to her armpits, his fingers always coming back to her ass, forcing themselves between her thighs, fleetingly touching her pussy before moving somewhere else and then somewhere else again until her whole body had become one entire erogenous zone. There was nowhere that he might touch her now that would not send waves of sensuality through her.

He turned her back to face him, pulling her hands to him, sucking her fingers, licking her palms, the inside of her wrists, the bend of her elbows, and most wonderfully the hollows of her armpits. Then his mouth worked its way down, his tongue drawing a straight line from the base of her throat, down between her breasts, further down to her navel, finally to cross her slightly rounded abdomen and arrive at the spot where he had been intending to go all along. 
