 I led Mary into the bedroom and shut the door behind us. I sat in a straight chair, but didn't tell Mary what to do. She pushed my knees apart and knelt there. She looked happy and ready to begin. 

"I'm going to ask you some questions. Answer them honestly."

"All right," she said.

"Do you really want this agreement, Mary? I don't mean what the group wants, but what you want down deep in your gut?" 

"Yes, Jack."

"Will you be faithful?"

"I'm not sure what faithful means, but I'll do anything you want."

"And obedient?"

"You know I will."

"You know I'll have each of you any time I want?"

"Yes, Jack."

"I'll want you to have sex with Becky and Monica."

She wrinkled her nose and grinned. "I don't mind, Jack. Really. I just don't get turned on by it like they do."

"You don't orgasm from it?"

"Oh, I orgasm, but not all orgasms are the same."

"I'll punish you if I think you need it."

"Oh, Jack, you're a marshmallow," she said. She flushed and covered her mouth. "Oops. That popped right out."

"All right. I'm easy going, but I'm tough, too. I can enforce the rules, and if you cheat on me, either I'm gone or you're gone." 

"I'll never cheat so don't worry about that. As for punishment, well, if I need it, go ahead."

"Whose idea was it to ask me to move in with all of you?"

"Becky's. She's afraid of losing Monica and me to men. You know, breaking up the old trio and leaving her alone. Del and Monica married first. Del tried to subdue Becky like he had Monica, but Becky hated him and she never gave in. When I married Jim, he understood Becky would live with us, but Becky didn't like him either. She thought he was too wishy-washy. It was difficult and, believe me, none of us want to go through all that again."

"Go ahead."

"About two months after Jim left, Becky suggested that all of us live with one man. The idea never appealed to me because we'd have to find a man who turned on all three of us. When I met you, I knew you'd be perfect." She stopped and peered out the window to think for a few moments before looking at me again. "Jack, you need to understand women."

"I never claimed to do that," I joked, but I don't think she heard me because she was focused on her thoughts. 

"We're bonded like glue. We love each other, but not like we love men or even our kids. It's complex. Maybe like sisters, but closer really. It's hard to explain, but they're a part of me and we've been through a lot together. I know this. We'll all be happier if we're together. Something else. Becky and I both want a big family. With three baby makers, we could be a big family, Jack."   

"If I said I didn't want to do this, but I wanted you to come live with me, would you do it?"

"Yes, Jack. If I'm not already in love with you, I'm falling fast."

"Anything you want to tell me? Anything I need to know?"

"Becky told me she told you to discipline Monica and you didn't."

"That's right."

"Do you want her?"

"Yes, I do."

"You really need to discipline her, Jack. Look. I love you. Oops. I said it." She giggled and flushed pink. She sighed. "I may as well tell you the whole truth, Jack. I do love you. I mean deeply and desperately. I'd marry you or become your mistress or your little playtoy, whatever you want as long as I'm near you." She could tell from my expression that pleased me, and she was pleased that I was pleased. "Becky loves you, too. That frightens her because the other men she loved were cruel to her. But Monica's different than we are. She's crazy about you and wants you to take her, but she can't give herself. She has to be taken."

"Why are you telling me this? Don't you know that means you'll share me with other women?"

"Jack, you told me you'd never be faithful and I believe you. I'd rather share you with Becky and Monica than some woman I don't know. And the three of us really are pieces of the same puzzle. I don't want us to split up."

"I might still have other women," I said. 

"Oh, Jack, if you live with three sex-crazed sluts, you won't have time for other women." She gave me that delightful grin. "But if you want to, go ahead. I'll be waiting at home with my legs spread and my mouth open."

"I want children," I said. "Will you. . . ."

She launched herself into me, squealing and burying me in kisses. "I'll have as many as you want," she sighed. 

Monica was next. Again I sat in the straight chair, and I didn't tell Monica what to do. She entered the room and sat on the edge of the bed. I didn't say anything. She stood, took one step toward me, and waited. When I still didn't say anything, she sighed loudly and knelt, but not as Mary had, which was between my legs with her legs spread. Monica knelt by me with hers together. 

I asked Monica the same questions. Yes, she wanted the arrangement, and, yes, she'd be faithful and obedient. Yes, she'd have sex with Mary and Becky, and she admitted she and Becky had sex once or twice a week anyway. Yes, she knew I'd punish her and she'd accept it. And, yes, she'd have my child. 

But there was a big question mark hanging over the entire discussion. A question evidenced by her eyes, her coolness and her tone of voice, and by the way she studied me as we talked. I decided to meet it head on. 

"Monica, I know you like a forceful man and I know you want to be taken." 

Her eyes flared their challenge. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said haughtily. She stood and stepped away.

"So we'll do it your way," I said. 

She twitched to the door, hesitated, and looked back at me. She strutted back, threw herself against me, and kissed me with all the heat a man could want. "Take me if you can," she hissed. She turned on her heel and swayed out the door.    

It was Becky's turn. For the third time, I sat in the chair to see where the woman would sit. Becky sat on the bed. To my first two questions - do you want this arrangement and will you be faithful - Becky emphatically answered yes. But when I asked if she'd be obedient, she replied, "Within reason," and my antennae went up.    

"What does that mean?" I asked. 

"It means yes, but it gives me an out in case I'm not obedient." I gave her a dirty look. "I expect you to be reasonable, Jack, but people are unreasonable sometimes. I'll be obedient if you're reasonable."

I sat back and stared at her. She wasn't challenging. She was frightened. "You've always been the independent and dominant one. Giving that up scares you, doesn't it?" I said. 

"Yes," she gasped.

"I don't blame you, but you'll have to give it up," I said.

"I know," she replied. "But that's easier said than done." 

As she wiped away a few tears, I said softly, "I won't hurt you, Becky." 

"I know you won't, Jack. It's not that."

"When you've been hurt badly, it takes a long time to heal," I said.

"Yes, it does, and it makes you afraid even when a new relationship feels right." She smiled like a sad little girl. "This does feel right, Jack. You feel right." She gave me a shy half-smile. "You've felt right since the minute I saw you, but brains and hearts don't always see eye-to-eye."

"I sure know that. Do you want to take a break?"

"No, thanks."   

When I asked if she'd come live with me if the others did not, she said, "I don't know, Jack. I truly don't know. This whole thing was about keeping the three of us together. I know them, Jack. Mary would fall to the first man who excited her. Monica would fall to the first man who excited and dominated her. I want to keep us together, for me and for them. I told you I love them, but it's more than that. Women need other women and we three have been together a long time. Having one man - sharing one husband, if you will - is the best way to keep us together. That Wednesday you came into our lives, I knew if we were to stay together, you were the man."

"Why?"

Becky laughed. "You should've seen Mary. She stared out the kitchen window with her mouth hanging open. 'Look at that hunk,' she said reverently. She trotted out to talk to you. When she returned, she went into the bedroom and masturbated. When she came out, she was dressed to seduce you."

"It worked," I said with a grin.

"Who seduced who?" she asked. Slowly that delightful, passive twinkle reappeared in her eyes. "You're a good man, Jack. Believe me, I want to do this, but it'll take time for me to give in all the way. Please be patient with me." 

I didn't ask Becky if she'd have sex with Mary and Monica, but I did ask if she'd have my child and she agreed. Then she asked me a question.

"Are you going to do it, Jack?"

"My brain and heart are having the same battle yours are." 

"It could be great for all of us, Jack. I'll help you get through it if you'll help me." Her eyes twinkled and that Mona Lisa smile appeared. She sat across my legs and put her arms around my neck. "What do you say, Jack? A home and kids. Warmth and coziness. Three women to love you, wait on you, warm your bed."

"Three women to have headaches and PMS," I quipped.

"I know it's going to be rough at times. I'll help you keep Mary and Monica in line."

"And who keeps you in line?"

"I'm the easy one because I want this to work more than anyone." She kissed me lovingly. "Please do it, Jack," she said. 

***** I told Becky to join the others. After she left the room, I retrieved three pieces of stout nylon rope and stuck them in my rear pockets. They were sitting on the floor Indian style and whispering to each other when I rejoined them. 

"So far, so good," I said. "But I want to ask this question one more time. Do each of you want this?" 

"Yes, I do," Mary said firmly.

"Most definitely, Jack," Becky said. 

We all looked at Monica.

"No," she said defiantly. 

"Dammit it, no, Monica. It's all for one, and one for all," Mary snapped. 

"Monica," Becky said forcefully, "I insist you do it." 

"No," Monica replied more emphatically. She was looking at me, not at Becky.

"We told you to take her, Jack," Becky said accusingly. Panic was evident in her voice. "Please, Monica. Please," Becky begged. "Tell him yes." 

Monica was distressed by Becky's response, but she had something to prove to me, and to herself about me. "No," Monica repeated. 

"Mary and Becky, I want you to watch what's going to happen. Watch, but don't participate. Understand?" I said. 

"Yes, Jack," they each replied. 

All three of them were on the floor. Mary, dressed in the shorts she wore when I first met her and a tee shirt, knelt and smiled up at me. Becky, in her baggy shorts and top, sat Indian style. As usual, Monica was dressed the most sexily of the three. She wore a cotton crop-top, which had long sleeves and a turtle neck. Like a second skin, its elastic bottom held it tight under her breasts and her hard nipples protruded under the cloth. Her shorts, which were also skin-tight, barely covered her tattoo and her pubis.

Monica was alive with anticipation as I held out my hand to her. She slapped it away. I sat down in the straight chair and said, "I'm going to spank you, Monica. Come get over my lap." 

"Go to hell," she snapped.

"Being disobedient will only make it worse for you," I said in a calm and neutral tone.

"Are you deaf? I said go to hell."

I feigned standing. She squealed, rolled, and sprang to her feet. The carotid artery in her neck was throbbing rapidly. Her muscles were taught. Most importantly, her nipples were diamonds under her crop top. 

"Let's get on the couch," Becky whispered to Mary. They eased onto the couch and watched us with big, bright eyes.

I stood and Monica stepped back. I didn't want to catch her immediately so I moved relatively slowly. I wanted to chase her first, to let me enjoy the wild expressions on her face, the heaving of her breasts, and her muscles flexing under her sweat-covered skin. We played cat and mouse, accompanied by squeals and sounds of flying feet on the carpet, until she was tired. By then, she thought it was easy to evade me. Becky thought so, too, and she was concerned I couldn't bring Monica into the fold, but Mary wanted to be the woman being chased and her arousal was evident. 

"It's time, Monica. Come get over my lap so I can spank you," I said with a steely softness.

"That won't work, Jack," Becky said. 

"Be quiet, Becky. He knows what he's doing," Mary chided.

From across the room, Monica smirked, yanked up her top to flash her breasts, and said, "Are these what you want?"

"No, Monica," I replied. She looked confused. "I want all of you, but I want your heart most of all." That was the first time I saw Monica's hard shell crack. I liked that expression. "Come to me," I said caringly. 

Her warm smile and gently twinkling eyes morphed to a sneer and hard, hot eyes. She pulled off her top and threw it aside. She stepped out of her shorts, kicked them away, and put her hands on her hips. "No," she challenged. 

I moved quickly. Amidst squeals and grunts, I wrestled her to the floor, bound her wrists behind her, and tied her ankles together. I lay down beside her on the carpet. Her eyes were sparkling with excitement. "Are you mine now?" I asked.

"Maybe. Maybe not," she said coyly.

I stroked her hair back from her face and kissed her on the cheek. "Ready for a spanking?" I asked.

"Maybe. Maybe not," Monica said. 

"You need to do it, Jack," Becky said. 

"Stay out of it, Becky," Mary said forcefully.

When I stood to remove my belt, I saw her smile at her friends, who were still as church mice. I pulled upward on Monica's bound wrists, forcing her to squirm to her knees with her head buried in the carpet and her ass in the air. The first blow, which was by far the hardest, caught her full across both ass cheeks, but she screamed louder than the blow deserved. I landed the second swat right below the first. 

When I released her to contort on the floor, I watched the two others who called themselves Jezebels. Mary was aroused. So was Becky, but her arousal was tempered by fear Monica would leave us.

"Mary," I called. 

"Yes, sir," she whispered. 

"Put your hands behind you so you won't play with yourself," I said. She moaned and complied. I stroked Monica's ass, which was hot from the belt, before pulling her to her knees again. The third stroke was across the middle of her thighs. "Do you want one?" I asked Mary as Monica sobbed and twisted. 

"Not like that," she said. Her eyes were big and round as she grinned and said, "But I'd love ten from your hand."

"Becky?" I said.

"I'm a good girl, Jack. I don't need spankings." She looked supportive. "Don't weaken. You need to be demanding with her," she said quietly.  

When I turned back to Monica, she begged, "No more, please, Jack." 

"I'm only getting started," I said firmly, but not cruelly. 

She had five on her ass and three across her thighs before I was through. The spanking probably wasn't as hard as my father gave me when I was a kid, but, hopefully, it was hard enough to let Monica surrender without reservation. She did sob, cry, and beg me to stop throughout her punishment, but I guessed that was as much play-acting as reality. 

When I released her, I asked, "Have I made my point? Do you understand I am the man in your life?"  

"Yes, Jack. Now I need to be fucked," she said hotly. I covered her mouth with my hand.

"I'm not playing your game. Yes, my cock's so hard it hurts, but you won't enjoy it. You see, Monica, I'm man enough to withstand your manipulation. Mary, did you bring any restraints that can keep her bound safely all night?"

"Yes, sir," Mary answered. 

"Please, no," Monica whimpered.

"Go get them. Monica will sleep in here. Becky, open one of the sofa beds," I said. I turned back to my chastised woman. "If you make another sound, I'll gag you."

Monica quietly complied when I unbound her and told her to get on the sofa-bed. I tied her spread-eagle on her back, leaving some slack to let her move to ease her burning buns. Mary and Becky hovered like protective angels until I asked them to leave. 

"Need anything?" I asked Monica.

"You."

"Not tonight. Anything else?"

"I want to be with you."

"Think about it tonight and tell me in the morning. Good night, Monica."

"I love you, Jack," she said in a needy voice. When I leaned down to kiss her, she struggled to raise her lips to mine. The kiss was long and hot. When I pulled away she whimpered, "Please fuck me." I smiled and walked away without replying. 

Becky and Mary were grinning uncontrollably when I got to the bedroom. They both leaped on me and buried me in hugs and kisses.  

"You did it, Jack. You did it," Becky proclaimed. 

They babbled happily as we undressed. "Me first," Mary said as she flopped back on the bed.

"Mary first," Becky agreed. 

I kissed Becky, who gave me that sexy smile as she pushed me back on the bed. Mary pounced on me, but I flipped her over. She was ready and I was readier. In seconds, she was emitting her patented little "ee, ee" until she exploded like an overloaded steam engine. I felt my legs trembling and a tug on my ball sac. 

"Cum in her, stud," Becky whispered in my ear. 

I didn't need the encouragement. As I came, Mary whispered in my ear, "I love you, Jack." When I collapsed on Mary, four hands caressed me. Then two hands gently pulled me aside. 

Becky grinned. "I like the taste of cum, too," she said. She buried her face between Mary's legs. They rolled over together, which left Mary riding Becky's mouth. Since I liked pussy juice as much as they loved cum, I dove into Becky. Those strong but soft legs slipped over my shoulders and locked behind me. 

The physical is easy to describe - a woman on her back with another woman over her mouth and a man's mouth on her pussy. An oral threesome. The metaphysical is harder to describe. We were a single creature with three organs and three mouths. Or maybe a wave. It felt like an undulating wave. 

"Come on, Becky. I'm almost there. Almost there," Mary whined.

I could tell Becky was almost there, too. I wrapped my hands over her thighs to ease the pressure on my head, took a deep breath, and dove in for the finale. She came hard, spraying thick juice into my waiting mouth. Mary came at about the same time, bombarding my ears with squeaks caused by someone else. 

I lay back with a woman on each side. Mary wrapped her fingers around my cock. "May I?" she asked. 

"Let him rest," I said.

With Becky curled up on my left side and Mary on my right, I was asleep in no time. I awakened about two hours later, eased my way out of bed, and used the bathroom. Two of my three Jezebels were sound asleep as I slipped into the living room. 

Monica was as I'd left her. When I untied the restraints, she awakened and smiled at me, but lay perfectly still. I picked her up, carried her to the bedroom, and laid her down on the bed. 

"Your place is with us," I said quietly as to not wake the others. 

"My place is under you," she said, grabbing for my cock. "Please, Jack. Let me show how much I love you."

This is the way I'd wanted Monica - hot, eager, and ready to take me on a wild ride. Her blue eyes sparkled with sexual need. But it wasn't time. I wrapped my fingers around her wrists, slowly pushed her back, and said, "You show how much you love me by being loving all the time, not by fucking me when you feel like it." I lay down beside her and pulled the covers over us. 

"I know you want me," she whispered.

"That's obvious, but I'm not going to fuck you now," I replied. "You need to understand that I want all of you and not just the sexual parts."

"I understand that, Jack," she said, but her eyes told me she wasn't sure she believed it. 

"We'll talk in the morning. Be quiet and go to sleep."

"Yes, Jack," she said obediently. 
