  
This story is loosely based on a true story provided me by a Lit reader. He told me to do with the information what I wanted and to write a story about it. It's a romance and I will provide it in five parts.

Main Cast
Dennis, 25 years old, 5' 11", 175 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes.
Jill, 30 years old, 5' 7", 120 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes.
Gina, 30 years old, 5'6", 140 pounds, auburn hair, green eyes, Jill's best friend.
Denise, 25 years old, 5'1", 105 pounds, brown hair, brown eyes, Dennis' friend and works with Dennis.
Mike, 27 years old, 5'10", 190 pounds, black hair, brown eyes, Denise's boyfriend.
Jeff, 33 years old, 6', 190 lbs, brown hair, brown eyes, Dennis' brother.


Chapter 2. A Friend in Need.

September  24th, 2011

I was in a quandary about Jill. We had had a couple of nice dinners and I really enjoyed her company. Then after the second one, which was after she agreed to go out with me, she took me back to her place and we had sex. She got off really well and gave me a gold medal winning blowjob. Then she suddenly seemed to have second thoughts and made me leave. It was very odd. I was still trying to figure this woman out.

Saturday, I was invited over to Denise's place. Mike was out of town, but the Illini were on TV and she had invited some folks over to watch it. They were all grads like she was. I agreed.

When I arrived at Denise's, I found I was the only one there. The other couple had bailed and Mike was still out of town doing training for his company. She smiled and waved me to the couch. "Sorry about that. It was supposed to be a little more of a party. You think you can put up with just me?" She gave me a flirty wink.

I grinned. "Always, Denise." We teased each other sometimes, but we never took it too far. She was in love with Mike and I was not the type of person to fuck another man's woman.

"Good. There's beer in the fridge and the game starts in about 20 minutes. I have the chips and dip on the table. Grab a beer and let's watch the Illini beat up on Minnesota."

I grinned and got myself a beer. We were sitting there, in the middle of the first quarter when the phone rang. She answered it and after giving me a quick look, disappeared into the other room. Oh,well. It was probably Mike. He was out of town for his job for three weeks.

I continued to watch the game and when the second quarter started I realized it had been about 20 minutes since Denise had disappeared with the phone. I got up and got another beer, but tried not to eavesdrop or see where she was. That was her business and I figured her and Mike, who were a great couple, were being personal.

Finally, another 10 minutes later, Denise returned. The Illini had just scored a touchdown and I was about to give her the complete rundown so that she could jump for joy at this good turn of events, but as she walked into view I could see that she had been crying. She was very upset about something.

"Hey, Illinois scored." I tried to act nonchalant in case she didn't want to talk about it.

She looked over at me and started crying again. "I had a big fight with Mike. He doesn't know where things are going with us. Shit, we live together, how does that work? I think what that really means is that he already has another woman in mind to date or even fuck."

Wow! That was direct. She was still standing there, swaying and crying. I stood and went over to her. I wrapped her in my arms and just tried to comfort her. "I'm sure if you guys have a good talk when he gets back, in person, then you'll both realize that you love each other and should be together. I know he loves you."

She pushed back and looked up at me. "Then why doesn't he want to talk about marriage. We have been dating for four years and living together for two. If we don't know enough about being together now, then we never will."

I shook my head and gave her a little smile. I wanted to increase the levity a little as this was a little more serious than I wanted to get into. "Guys are allergic to that kind of talk, don't you know that?" I gave her a little poke on the arm.

She grinned and wiped at the tears on her cheeks. "Yeah, so I gathered. I always heard that, but now, seeing it in person, it's difficult to stay calm. And now he pulls this? Maybe it's better if we do it now. It just means one of us has to move and that's a pain."

"Did he say that meant dating? Did he say that meant seeing other people?"

"No, but he didn't NOT say it. I mean we are living together. I would have a coronary or go completely crazy if he even thought about bringing another woman back here while I was living here." Now she was starting to get her temper up. "That fucking moron. He's got a great woman right here who cooks, cleans, fucks his brains out, and gives him as many blowjobs as he can handle." She suddenly stopped and looked up at me, realizing what she had said, with her eyes wide.

I played it off. "He's a very lucky guy. You are a beautiful woman and a caring person. He's a fool if he doesn't see that."

She then shrugged her shoulders and her anger flared again. "Fuck him. I can find another man if that asshole wants to play around. I can walk into any place around here and with a couple of signals have guys lined up to take care of me. Let's see what he thinks about THAT!" She sat down, grabbed her beer, which was probably a little warm, and guzzled it. She got up. "You need another one?" I declined and she got one for herself. She finished it in about 2 minutes and got another one.

"So, is this the revenge drunk you are working on, or the drown-your-sorrows drunk?" I grinned, hoping she'd take it in a good manner, although I meant every word.

"Revenge." Her attempt at a smile seemed more like a grimace. She finished off the third beer and got another. She finally slowed down after that, but continued to drink as we watched the rest of the game. She was very animated from all that emotion as she yelled at the TV, the referees, the Illini when they made a mistake and anything else that she disagreed with. 

When the game was over, I got up to leave. She put her hand on my arm. "Would you stay and watch the next game, too? I don't want to be alone." 

I agreed and she smiled and gave me a hug.  I was hoping it wouldn't go any further than that. I didn't really want to get in the middle of two friends by doing anything with Denise. I was more her friend than his, but I liked the two of them and I thought they would work it out. We had always flirted, but she was my best friend and I was afraid sex would ruin that as well.

By the end of the second game, Denise was pretty well sloshed. She looked at me and grinned. She stood up and wobbled as she made her way to the hallway. "I need to lay down and get some sleep." I looked at the clock. The 3:30 game was just over so it was only 7pm. "I'd really like it if you stayed out here. I don't want to be alone."

"Sure. No problem. There's always another game on." I settled back as she went to her bedroom. I watched a movie and some more football, but I was bored out of my mind. At about 10pm I finally started to get up and leave when I heard Denise behind me.

"Leaving?"

I turned and she was standing there completely naked. Her little body was in excellent shape. She was small and tight, very tight and very fucking sexy. I just stared, unable to say anything for a second as I devoured that beautiful body with my hungry eyes. After a few seconds I got my voice back. "Uh, yeah. I figured you were okay for now."

She grinned. "I just thought that maybe you could make me feel better since Mike is blowing me off."

Fuck, this was going to be hard – just like my dick was becoming. "Denise, we can't. I like you both and don't want to be a revenge fuck on the weekend that you guys had a fight. We work together. We're best friends. Everything about it would be messy and I think you and Mike can still be together."

She pouted. "You don't find me sexy?"

Shit, she must still be drunk . "Denise, you are very sexy and I really want to join you in your bed, but I can't. It's just not my style. I like you and Mike too much."

Denise stared at me for a second and then turned and walked away. Fuck, her ass was a vision. I had to get out of there. I started putting on my shoes and got ready. She came back into view, still naked. She was crying again. "I'm not sexy enough to keep any man, am I?"

Oh, fuck. Here we go. I couldn't stand it when people started with the self-doubt and woe-is-me misery talk. I was hoping I could defuse this. I stood and walked over to her, trying to look into her eyes and not drink in her tight, naked, and fucking sexy body. Shit! I took her into my arms and hugged her, hoping the feelings I felt for her would override my bodies initial reaction to a naked woman in near proximity; namely, getting a chubby. "Denise, you are a beautiful and sexy woman. I would be lying if I said I didn't find you sexy and want to sleep with you. But we both know that we would deeply regret it tomorrow and then when you and Mike get back together it would be so awkward between us that he would know something happened."

She pulled her head back and looked up at me. She wiped at her face and sniffled. "You're right, you're right." She muttered this like she was trying to convince herself by repeating it over and over. "I'll just go back to bed and try to get some sleep. Will you stay here on the couch, just to keep me from being alone?"

I knew I should get out of there, but I agreed. "Okay. I'll stay on the couch." I kissed her on the forehead. "Now get back to bed and sleep it off. You're just drunk, you sexy thing." I said it in a joking manner and got a grin in return. 

"Okay. Thanks, Dennis." She gave me another quick hug and fortunately I was not hard. "Good night." She turned to walk away and wiggled her butt, teasing me once more on her way to her bedroom. She grinned over her shoulder.

Fuck! That was close. The last thing I needed right now was to get in the middle of this mess. She and Mike were going to have to work this out without me. I liked both of them, but I was mainly Denise's friend, so I would probably take her side. What the hell was he thinking? This woman was smart, sexy, had a good job, already took care of him as much as any wife does from what I could see, and loved him. Did he not love her at all? Was he just living with her while looking for a more permanent one?  Was he just one of those people who always took the easy way out and couldn't make a decision as long as he had it nice? Well, I thought he was an asshole! I couldn't wait to tell him either. When that son-of-a-bitch got back I was going to tell him exactly what I thought of what he was doing. 

I sat on the couch and looked at the TV. I turned it on for another hour and then finally, after another beer, got tired enough to consider sleeping. I took off my jeans because they were too restrictive to sleep in and lay down in my t-shirt and boxers. I pulled the afghan on the back of the couch over me and lay there, trying to think of the words I would use on Mike. He definitely needed to be told to shit or get off the pot. Make a permanent commitment to Denise or move on. He was playing with her right now and that was not fair – to either of them. After about 45 minutes of going over this I guess I dozed off. I don't remember anything until about 3am.

I was dreaming of Jill giving me a blowjob. It was wonderful. I was hard as a rock and she was slowly licking and lightly sucking on the head. I couldn't wait to feel her fully engulf my cock and suck me dry. She had been so good and she was doing it again. Slowly, I regained consciousness. I came awake and realized I had a fucking erection that was almost painful. Then I felt another lick. Shit! I sat up and in the light from outside through the skylights I could see the beautiful face of Denise.

"Denise, wait!" I reached for her and tried to push her away.

She smiled and lifted her head up, but she didn't relinquish the hold her right hand had on my cock. "Just lay back and relax. I know you need this since you haven't been laid in a while, and I don't mind being just a booty call for such a good friend." I was not going to tell her about Jill and last night.

She was definitely more sober and her words were not slurred. But my reservations about this had not changed. "Denise, we can't. I won't be able to look the two of you in the face after this."

"Nonsense. This is just a little sex between friends. Besides, we'll just make it oral and then we can always deny that we fucked." Shit! She had been thinking too much about this and was already rationalizing it. I was still trying to push her away, but my little head was quickly gaining control. "Now, I've been worked up for the last hour and my vibrator batteries just died. I thought about it and decided that we are good friends and we can keep this to ourselves as just a quick booty call. Right now, Mike and I are broken up as far as I am concerned. He's probably out trying to get laid right now. I hope he gets shut down and comes to his senses, but right now I need to get off and I want to suck your cock."

I threw my head back and groaned. When she said she wanted to suck my cock it destroyed all my resistance. "Okay, okay."

She grinned. "Move down a little, so I can climb aboard." I scooted down and she crawled up over me. Her beautiful shaved pussy was placed right over my face and I stared at it. She had left a little landing strip that pointed like an arrow at her slit. Her lips were thick and wet, obviously from her playing with her vibrator. Her inner lips stuck out just a little past the outer ones when excited and with the light from above I could see how nice and round her ass was from this angle. I could also smell that lovely scent of an aroused woman. It was delicious and I started my Pavlovian salivating.  Overall, it was a mind-blowing sight. Her lips touched my cock and I groaned again. She lifted her head. "Get to work there. I need some attention – badly." So I did. I pulled her down so that it would be easier for me to get to that lovely slice of heaven. I licked her slit and she moaned onto my dick.  She starting sucking me again and I concentrated on getting her off so that I wouldn't think about my dick for a while and last a bit longer. I pushed my tongue deep into her pussy, my nose hitting just behind her pussy and I started licking and tonguing around inside her. I let my tongue work its way up along her slit until I was able to tickle her ass. She groaned onto my dick and I could feel her take a break to concentrate on what I was doing to her. She had obviously been worked up for a while, so I was hoping it would be quick. I worked back down to her clit and started lightly sucking on it, pulling it against the rough flat part of my tongue. She lifted her head. "Oh yeah, right there." I could feel her start to tremble and knew that she was close and had been getting worked up for a while. I sucked her clit in, held it against my tongue and started humming. That was the final straw. "Fuck yeah!" She pulled off my dick and pressed her pussy hard down against my tongue and I kept humming as she had a couple of spasms and slowly moved her hips back and forth. She was coming and I could feel a rush of wetness into her pussy, although she didn't squirt, as I had seen in some porn. She just jerked back and forth over me as I slowly relinquished my hold on her clit. She flinched at that as that little bundle of nerves had become so sensitive. Finally, when she was done, she climbed off me. "Mmmm. That was just what I needed." She leaned over and kissed me, the first time we had ever done that. "I always taste so good on a man's face." I stared at her. She was obviously more experienced at this than I was. "It was quick because I've been working up to it for an hour." She turned and looked at my now purple headed cock, throbbing and demanding attention. "Now, let's take care of this baby." 

Denise pulled on my legs and I got the idea that she wanted me to sit up, so I did. She immediately pulled my legs until I was slumped down on the couch, my ass on the edge of the cushions. She looked up at me and grinned. "Now, let me show you how an expert sucks cock." I stared at her. We had known each other for two years and were good friends, but she had never given me any indication of her sexual nature. She pushed my dick up to my stomach and started licking my balls while looking up at me. Women who do this obviously know how this turns a guy on. She then worked her way up along my dick, running her tongue all around it until she got to the head. The earlier antics and now the anticipation of this were pushing me close already. "Are you ready to cum for Denise?" Shit! What a playful sex partner. First Jill and now Denise. It was the best weekend, hell it was the best month ever for yours truly. She stroked my cock with her hand while running her tongue around the head. The visual stimuli alone were enough to push me to the edge. I started lightly thrusting my hips and she grinned. "I think you are ready." I could only groan in response. She then put her mouth over the head and licked around it. I was not going to last much longer. Denise grinned at me with my cock in her mouth and then plunged down on it, taking it all the way down to where her hand held the last inch. Fuck! This was it. I threw my head back and groaned and felt myself thrusting. I looked down and she was pulling up, looking at me as she sucked and tongued the head. I came, and came, and came. I kept spurting into her hot little mouth and she kept swallowing it all, not letting a drop come out. She waited until I flinched from the sensitivity and then pulled off my rapidly deflating cock. Shit! Two world class blowjobs in a weekend. I was beginning to think that I had been going out with the wrong women all along. 

Denise got up and plopped on the couch next to me. "See, that wasn't so bad, was it?" She gave me an evil grin.

"Shit. That was fucking fantastic."

She giggled. "Now wasn't that worth it?"

The blood now being back in my brain suddenly reminded me of all the reasons why I thought this was a bad idea. "Yeah, but Mike...."

She interrupted me and took my face in her hands. "Look, this was just two friends who needed a break, okay? No remorse, no guilt, got it? We don't need to feel bad about this. I refuse to. In fact, if you eat pussy like that all the time, I may have to ask for a kitchen pass from Mike to come see you again." My eyes went wide at that and she punched me in the arm. "Just kidding. I'm in love with Mike and I intend to pursue that until it's over. He pushed me away tonight, so I had a best friend booty call. When he comes back, if he smartens up, we'll be back together and you and I will just have had a nice time between two good friends, okay?"

I stared at her. "I'm sorry; I've just never been so casual about sex, that's all. I guess I'm just inexperienced at this."

She grinned and leaned her head against my shoulder. "No, you are just a good guy with a conscience. Not as many of those out there as you'd think." She suddenly looked up at me a little more seriously. "Don't change at all, either. That is a very attractive trait. It's one of the reasons I think I've always been attracted to you. We've flirted and joked, but you have never tried to take it to the next level knowing that I was with Mike. So thanks for being a good friend." She smirked. "And thanks for letting me get the best of your conscience finally. I really needed that."

I smiled. "Okay, thanks." I still felt guilty.

She reached out and patted my shriveled up dick. "And thanks for being a really good friend."

I groaned. "Go to bed, you little minx."
