 I was in the lobby of a five star hotel in Washington DC when I saw her.  My jaw dropped.  I stared shamelessly.  Never, ever in my whole life had I seen a woman like this.  Beautiful… yes, but it was much more than that.  She was sensuous beyond description.  

Her dark brown hair bounced off her shoulders with a luster and energy that defined how she carried herself.  She was confident but not cocky.  Her smile radiated a playfulness, a joy of life.  Her deep brown eyes were full of passion, yet there was an air of innocence about her.  She looked to be in her in her late twenties, but despite her youth, moved as if she knew who she was and where she was going.

She dressed with style.  Her tight black pants accentuated long legs and a shapely derriere.  A low cut white top showed the naked swell of her breasts with a hint of nipple poking through.  She moved with complete grace and a gentle sway of her hips.  She was descended from the gods.  She was royalty.  She was perfect.

She walked by me towards the front desk.  I caught her eye and nodded.  She flashed me a big friendly smile molded from full lips and pearl white teeth.  She said hello and moved on, almost as if acknowledging a loyal subject with sincere kindness.  

Who was I kidding?  She was so far out of my league that we were hardly on the same planet.  I didn’t see a wedding ring but I was sure she must have a billionaire boyfriend.  Either that or she was daddy’s little rich girl.  When I heard the desk clerk ask her if the suite was suitable my suspicions were confirmed.    

The image of her perfection remained etched in my brain.  I tossed and turned most of the night thinking of her shapely body, her beautiful smile and her sensuous demeanor.  Why did the gods have to make women like that and then torment us mere mortals?

The next day I went to workout in the hotel gymnasium after my conference ended.  The place was packed and all the treadmills were taken.  I was about to go lift weights while I waited when the treadmill in front of me freed up.  I started to get on it just as the perfect woman showed up to use it.  

I stood there speechless with my mouth open.  She was dressed in a skin tight two-tone leotard that was dark blue on the bottom and white on the top with a narrow silver belt around her thin waist.  Needless to say, every curve on her body was on full display.  I was speechless and dumbfounded.

“Oh, you want to use this, don’t you?  I’ll just do something else until another one becomes free.”

Her voice was soft and somewhat gravelly with a very slight European accent, almost an Audrey Hepburn tone but more subtle.  She smiled her killer smile and turned to leave.

“No, please.  You take it.  I actually prefer the stair machine and one just freed up.”

After a few “are you sure’s” she put her hand on my arm and thanked me with another heart melting smile.  Her big brown eyes penetrated all the way into my soul and almost sucked the breath out of me.  I got on the stair machine which was directly behind the treadmill and watched intently as she started to walk, then trot.  

My eyes were glued to her perfectly formed ass on full display beneath the thin material of her leotard.  The rounded cheeks moved up and down along the valley between them clenching and unclenching with each step.  Twenty minutes later she finished and stepped off the machine.  Every male eye in the place followed her.

“It’s all yours if you want it.”

The million dollar smile flashed at me.  Yeah, I wanted it, but not the treadmill.  She walked over to the free weights.  I got on the treadmill hoping to work out some of the sexual energy she had stirred up in me.  By the time I was finished she was gone and I was dripping with sweat.

I showered then went out for a beer and hamburger.  I was waiting for the elevator when Miss Perfect rounded the corner.  The smile.  The nod.  I was trying to think up something clever to say, but she beat me to it.

“You’re the guy from the gym.  The one that let me use the treadmill.”

I nodded, still trying to think of something clever to say.

“I’m Sarah.”

She put out her hand.  I took it, and for some reason raised it to my lips like a French Gentleman would.  It was totally out of character but somehow seemed appropriate at the time.”

“Jim.  It’s a real pleasure to meet such a stunningly beautiful woman.”

“Why thank you.  I knew there were a few gentlemen still left in the world.”

The elevator arrived.  I held it open for her and watched the gentle sway under the short skirt she was wearing as she entered.  She pushed the top floor button then looked over at me questioningly.  I told her ten.  She started to push it then looked up with a gleam in her eye.

“You know, Jim, there’s a lounge up on my floor where you can get a complementary drink.  Do you want to join me for a nightcap.  I sure could use one, and I would really appreciate some company.”

I could hardly believe she was inviting ME for a drink.  I mumbled something in the affirmative.  She put her hand over her lips and giggled.

“That’s not really very ladylike of me, is it?  I mean inviting you for a drink just like that.  I doubt that a gentleman like you is used to such behavior.  I hope you don’t think I was out of line.”

“No.  I… I’m honored, Sarah.  Really.”

The lounge was reserved for the top floor occupants where the privately owned suites were located.  It was quite lavish with a night view of the monuments.  No one else was there.  The waiter informed us that the lounge was going to close in twenty minutes, but that we had time for a quick drink.  We ordered champagne and sat on a black leather couch looking out the window.

Sarah really didn’t talk much about herself, and asked very little about my personal life.  I did learn that she was from California and was visiting Washington for a few days to complete a project, but she never said what the project was.  Mostly she wanted to talk about the beauty of the night, what one needed to accomplish to deserve a monument and whether or not the life of an eagle was more glamorous than that of a lion.  

I didn’t talk much.  I mainly listened to her most interesting musings and laughed along with her at the appropriate moments.  It seemed like we were just getting comfortable when we were informed that the lounge was closing for the evening.  The waiter/host told Sarah she was free to take the champagne with her since it really wouldn’t keep overnight.

“Splendid.  My room is just down the hall.  We can finish it there.”

Once again I sort of stuttered an affirmative, being absolutely floored that her royal highness would invite me to her room.

“Oh, I’m sorry.  That’s awfully aggressive of me isn’t it.  I must learn to act more like a lady.  But I do have a perfect view and a nice place to sit and sip champagne, and I would hate to drink all by myself.  Please?”

“I would love to join you, Sarah.  I… I’m just not used to being in the presence of such beauty.  I’m really quite honored that you invited me to join you.  I’ll do my best to be good company.”

Sarah put her hand on my arm, leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.  I was quite aware that her thigh and the soft bulge of her breast pressed against my arm as she did so.  She looked into my eyes and flashed that radiant smile.

“Jim, you are such a gentleman.  It is I who am honored to be with you.  Shall we go?”

The suite was magnificent.  It was a corner room with windows on two sides and a perfect view of Washington and the monuments.  The room was lavishly decorated with Persian carpets, leather couches and chairs, a patterned glass coffee table.  A huge wet bar, a solid mahogany dining table and several paintings that could very well have been originals.

“Why don’t you just take a seat over there while I get some glasses.”

I walked over by the couch and looked out at the clear night.  Besides getting glasses and bringing over a fruit platter that she said was in her room when she arrived, Sarah put on the radio and tuned it to a soft jazz station.  

She dimmed all the lights so we could look out and enjoy the view, then came over and stood beside me.  She handed me a full glass of champagne, then hooked her hand around my arm and rested her head on my shoulder.

“It’s really quite romantic, don’t you think?  And very peaceful.  I much prefer this to the real world.”

We touched glasses and stood silently sipping our champagne while looking out at the world below.  After several minutes Sarah put her glass down and turned to me.

“Dance with me, Jim.  Please.  I’m just an insecure little girl who needs someone to make her feel special.  Humor me for a little while.”

“You are special, Sarah.  Everything about you is…well, perfect.  I am truly humbled to be in your presence.  I would be honored to dance with you.”

She looked up at me and smiled, but this time I detected a hint of sadness.  I could see tears welling in her eyes.  She put her arms around my neck and pulled herself close.  My hands went behind her and slipped around the small of her back.  We began to slowly sway with the soft music.

We danced through two songs, barely shuffling our feet as we held each other close.  Her hands caressed my shoulders and the back of my neck.  I slid a hand up her back until it touched the naked skin above her top.  My other hand slid down and caressed the swell where her lower back curved out just above her shapely cheeks.  Her breasts were firmly pressed to my chest.  I could feel the heat from between her legs against my thigh.

She had to feel my hardness growing the way she had her lower stomach pressed against me.  I could detect a very gentle grinding motion as she moved against me.  My hand slid lower until I had clearly violated the forbidden zone that marked the beginning of her derriere.  

My fingers pressed into the upper part of the valley between her cheeks.  Sarah responded by grinding her womanhood against my thigh.  Her lips pressed into my neck, opening to allow her tongue to taste me.  I felt her shudder as if she were being touched for the very first time.

Our feet stopped moving.  We looked deep into each other’s eyes.  She was searching and probing for something she desperately needed as if she could find it somewhere inside me.  Our lips met.  Softly and tenderly our mouths explored - opening, closing, caressing, probing.  When we were ready the tips of our tongues met, then slowly tasted each other while becoming entwined in a dance of passion.

Sarah hooked her leg around mine and pressed herself hard against my growing manhood, grinding the mound of her sex against it.  I moved my hand under her cheek and caressed the perfect sphere through her skirt.  Now we were kissing aggressively, almost recklessly.  Our passions flared.  Our touching, fondling and caressing became more intimate.  Sarah’s hand moved around to my hardness.  My hand went under the back of her skirt and over her panties rubbing the valley between her cheeks.

Sarah kissed around to my ear and shoved her tongue into it  Her hand grabbed the bulge in my pants and squeezed it with her fingers.  I pushed two fingers down the valley of her ass and between her legs.  She tilted back until the tips of my fingers pressed into the soft crotch of her panties.  My fingertips pushed rubbed up and down her moist gash.  She moaned and pushed back against me.

“Make love to me, Jim.  Right now.  Right here.  I want you.  No… no, I need you.”

Sarah slipped off her panties then laid back on the couch, her legs spread open and her hands on her blouse caressing her breasts.  She looked absolutely stunning.  I had to pinch myself to ensure I wasn’t dreaming.  Her dark hair fanned out across the cushion.  Her eyes were full of passion as they looked up at me and begged me to mount her.  Her skirt was hiked up her thighs and barely covered her juicy treasures.

She looked absolutely delectable.  I had to taste her.  I dropped to my knees and started kissing up her leg and along her thigh until I could smell her tasty peach.  I pushed up her skirt and got my first glance at heaven.  The pink petals of her opening were folded open like a flower in the midst of a tuft of soft curls covering her swollen mound.  

Her sex glistened with excitement.  The tiny little bead at the top of her gash poked out like a small pearl.  The aroma from her secretions filled my nostrils with her female essence.  I was about to clamp my mouth over her mound to taste her sexual treasures when she pushed me away.

“Get up here and make love to me.  We can explore later.  I need you in me… now.  Please, Jim.”

Her voice was shaky and her hands were trembling.  Her eyes were desperate, almost as if she were afraid at the depth of her need.  I ripped off my trousers.  Sarah stared at my hardness which was fully engorged with veins bulging from its eight inch length.  I pulled off my shirt revealing my muscular torso and climbed up between her legs, anxious to please her and desperate to fill my own needs.  

Sarah reached between us and guided my manhood to her glistening petals.  I propped myself above her.  She lifted her legs.  Her knees were bent on each side of me.  She worked my bulging head into her opening.  Sarah let go and gripped my arms with her hands, looking up at me and waiting to be penetrated as if she were a virgin on her wedding night.  

I pushed my swollen shaft into her quivering sheath.  She threw her head back and gasped as my manhood filled her.  Her fingers gripped my arms tightly.  She bit her lower lip and closed her eyes.  I slid deeper and deeper into her churning furnace until I could go no further.  I held my hardness inside her, slowly grinding myself into her steamy chamber.

I could feel her silky walls grip me tightly desperate to hold me there.  She let out another loud gasp just before her body stiffened.  Her fingernails dug into my arms.  She started shaking.  Her heels clamped against my buttocks and she pushed herself up to me trying to draw me even deeper.

“Oh… oh… oh god… AAAAHHHHHH… MMMPPPHHHH…”

She came hard in a fierce and violent eruption.  She squirmed and bucked and cried out as if driving demons from her body.  She had a powerful grip on my manhood as she clenched and unclenched against me in a series or orgasmic spasms.  A sticky wetness seeped around the base of my shaft and dripped down my swollen testicles.

I stayed propped above her and watched in amazement as she let go, finally regaining some semblance of control.  Sarah slowly opened her eyes and looked up at me.  Her body was still shaking.  She relaxed her grip on my arms.  I stayed embedded deep inside her and could feel her tight walls twitching against me.

‘Thank you,’ she mouthed before putting her hands on the sides of my face and pulling my lips down to hers.  Our mouths opened, tongues wrestling as we sucked and kissed in a surge of passion.  Sarah wrapped her legs around my waist and arms around my neck.  I started moving in and out very slowly so that she could feel my entire length withdraw from her heated chamber before it plunged back into its depths filling the desperate void.

The sensations surging through my own body was surreal, almost as if I were standing across the room and watching.  Yet here I was holding and kissing the most perfect woman I had ever encountered, and exploring her most intimate secrets.  Our bodies moved together in perfect synchronization as she lifted to meet me each time my swollen sex drove into her steamy womanhood.  We were like two machines racing out of control, ready to burst from the exertion and excruciating pleasure.

Sarah pushed up on my shoulders and stared through my blue eyes with her deep brown  pupils welling with tears that streamed down the sides of her face.  Her lips were trembling as she spoke.

“Let me pleasure you, Jim.  Sit up, but don’t leave me.  I want you to stay in me.”

I swung my legs onto the floor and pulled Sarah over my lap in one swift motion.  My manhood stayed buried deep in her belly.  She sat back on me and pulled her top off over her head.  Her skirt was bunched around her waist.  For the first time I gazed upon her magnificent breasts .  They hung full and upright in perfect pear shaped spheres capped by swollen brown nipples with erect tips pointing slightly upward.  

We both looked down between our bodies to where my swollen shaft disappeared into her steamy passage.  The pink petals of her opening were wrapped tightly around the base and glistened with juices of her passion in the soft lights.  Above her opening was the swollen protrusion of her sensitive button also glistening with passion.  

Sarah began to move against me.  We watched as the slick flesh of my sex moved in and out of her body.  She pushed herself up until only the very tip of my head was inside her, then slowly impaled herself back down my length.  She did this several times, sometimes holding me at her entrance as she rubbed her sex against the bulging tip of my shaft.

Sarah took my hands from her waist and moved them up over the warm swells of her breasts.  I kneaded the soft flesh with my fingers.  My thumbs rubbed across the sensitive tips of her nipples.  She was staring at me seductively, licking her lips as she ground her sex against me.  She leaned forward and guided her nipple to my lips.

I sucked as much of her breast as I could swallow.  My tongue teased her sensitive nipple.  I continued to massage her other breast with my hand.  She continued to gyrate against me, moaning louder and louder as I licked, sucked, slurped and nibbled on her swollen bud.  I switched and repeated my oral ministrations on her other breast.

“Oh god, Jim… oh god… oooohhhhh… AAAAAHHHHHHH…”

Sarah had another orgasm.  This time she held me deep inside her grinding against the base of my shaft.  Her body shook and shuddered against me.  She bit into my shoulder to muffle her screams.  Once again I could feel a wetness between us as the product of her passion seeped from her quivering chamber.

It was all I could do to hold off my own release.  Holding this magnificent woman against me with my manhood buried deep inside her and feeling her experience ultimate pleasure had my body tingling.  My testicles were churning.  I could feel my shaft throbbing inside her, but the timing didn’t seem right.  I bit my lips, closed my eyes and fought the release.  

Sarah collapsed against me. Her body shuddered one last time. The length of my engorged manhood stayed buried deep in her belly.  The softness of her creamy breasts pressed against the light hairs of covering my chest.  Her lips pressed against my ear.

“Oh Jim… you make me feel like this is the first time I have ever experienced pleasure.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.”  

She nuzzled against me and kissed my neck.

“Will you stay with me tonight and be my lover?  Please don’t leave me.  Please…”

I pushed her back to look at her beautiful face.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks, but she was smiling at me.  She was a mystery… so full of beauty and passion, yet carrying a sadness tucked away deep inside.  I wanted to find out who she was, wanted to track down the pain inside her and sooth it but I knew if I tried it would spoil everything.

“Yes, my sweet, beautiful, sensuous Sarah… Of course I will.”

I carried her into the bedroom and put her down on the oversized brass bed with a soft golden patterned spread covering it.  I stood staring down at the naked goddess below me.  She smiled at me, her face framed by the dark hair spread out onto the bed and an arm bent around her head.  The swell of her rounded breasts and swollen nipples moved up and down with her steady breathing.  

Her hand lay across the lower half of her stomach just above the gentle swell of her mound which was covered by a strip of soft curls.  One of her long shapely legs pushed out straight along the bedspread while the other was crooked at the knee.  I stood admiring her perfection with a fully erect sex organ wavering above her.  She reached out and wrapped her hand around it.
