 I kissed my way back up Sarah's body until our lips brushed together. She opened her mouth to taste herself on my lips and tongue. Her legs went around my waist. She shifted until my hardness pressed against her juicy gash and her petals opened around me. The swollen tip of my manhood pushed inside her.

"Do it to me, Jim. This time I want you to fuck me. I want you to take me hard, to slam your big cock deep into my pussy and make me scream and beg for more. Fuck me, Jim, fuck me hard... now."

The gentle soul I had made love to earlier had become a sexual animal. I was both surprised and excited by the words that spewed from her mouth. She looked up at me with her teeth gritted and fire in her eyes. Her hands clutched at my ass. In one powerful swift motion I slammed my cock deep into her waiting chamber. I pulled out and slammed into her again, then again and again.

Sarah cried out each time my cock bottomed out inside her. Her fingers raked at my ass cheeks, then along my back. She dug her heels into my buttocks pulling me into her on each stroke. Our bodies were locked together and moving in rhythm as my cock repeatedly pounded her pussy. 

"Oh god... I'm cumming... oh god... fuck me... AAAAAAHHHH... OOOOHHHHH... I'M CUUUUUMMMIIIIING... EEEEIIIIIIOOOOOO..."

Sarah's fingernails dug into my back. Juices pouring from her pussy coated my cock and dripped from my balls. I continued pounding into her gushing chamber. I could feel her pussy clench me each time I buried myself inside her. Her orgasm didn't seem to end. It just went on and on with varying degrees of intensity.

We flipped over so that Sarah was on top She propped herself up with her hands on my shoulders and began fucking me with the same intensity I had fucked her. Her ass ground hard against me. She lifted her pussy up my length and slammed it back down until she was fully impaled. Her tits bounced freely on her chest right in front of my face.

"God I love your cock... I love the way it fills my pussy... love the way it slides deep into my belly until I explode... oh god yes..."

This was clearly a different woman from the one I had met earlier. She started screaming and shrieking as another orgasm crashed through her body. I wasn't going to be far behind. I could feel cum churning in my balls as I prepared to explode into her belly. She could anticipate it as well.

"Cum in me, baby... shoot your cum into my pussy... I want to feel it... come on baby... I know you can do it... cum for me..."

She was riding me hard, lifting all the way off my cock and slamming back down, driving me deep into her boiling furnace. When she could sense that I was about to erupt she impaled herself all the way onto my length and held me there. The muscles of her cunt squeezed me as though she were trying to suck my seed from my balls.

Sarah had her face only inches from mine screaming obscenities and begging me to fill her with cum while milking my cock with her well trained cunt. It was all too much for me. My cock swelled inside her, then exploded, releasing a flood of hot cream deep into her belly. Her cunt continued to milk me as I spewed spurt after spurt of creamy seed into her quivering pussy until I could feel it dripping back down my shaft and over my balls.

Just as I was finishing Sarah ground her clit hard against the base of my cock. Her body stiffened and jerked as she came one last time. I held my spent cock deep inside her. Her body shook and shuddered, then finally collapsed against mine. The only sounds were our heavy breathing as our sweaty bodies slowly recovered. I started to pull out of her.

"Don't... stay in me, Jim. I want to feel you. Please."

We held each other like this for a long time. I could feel the occasional twitch of her pussy against my semi-hard cock. The juices of our passion seeped down my balls and onto the bed below us. Now I knew what motivated a male Preying Mantis to make love even though he knew she would bite off his head afterwards. This was the ultimate pleasure, the perfect ending.

Sarah kissed up my neck and back to my lips. Our mouths opened so we could taste each other. She moved against me again using her well trained muscles to massage my manhood back to hardness. We began to fuck slowly and gently, in and out, in and out. My shaft swelled to fullness inside her. I could feel her breasts and hard nipples slide against me. My hands moved down her back and caressed the creamy spheres of her ass.

Sarah slid off me, rolling onto her side as she turned her back to me. She grabbed my arm and pulled me tightly against her, lifting her leg and guiding my swollen manhood to the flowery opening between her creamy cheeks. I pushed an arm under her and cupped her warm breast, digging my fingers into the soft flesh and over her protruding nipple.

I pushed and felt my cock slide down the smooth walls of her womanhood. Sarah put an arm around my neck and turned her head so our lips and tongues could meet. I moved in and out of her steamy passage in a steady pounding rhythm. My other hand slid down across her soft curls until my fingertip found her swollen clit.

Sarah pulled away from our kiss and looked into my eyes. Her face was filled with desperation and lust. She bit her lower lip. Her fingers dug into my forearm. Short fast bursts of air escaped from her mouth and nose. I pinched her nipple and thrust hard, pushing my cock deep into her belly. She shrieked. Her whole body started jerking and twisting against me.

I pushed her over onto her stomach and pounded into her from behind. She was stretched out flat on the bed with her ass tilted in the air to meet my thrusts. A steady stream of squeals and gasps escaped from her throat each time my cock buried itself deep inside her pussy. I looked down and watched as my swollen shaft slid between her creamy cheeks and disappeared into her swollen peach just below the tight nub of her anus. The moist folds of her womanhood were wrapped tightly around me.

I had already cum twice in the last hour, but this incredible woman had my balls churning with cum for a third time. She seemed to be in a steady orgasmic state. Her fingers were busy between her legs rubbing her clit. I could feel them rubbing against my shaft as it moved in and out of her pussy. Each time I pounded into her there were loud wet slapping sounds from the juices which coated her ass and thighs

Suddenly I felt my head become light and my mind go blank. All the energy in my body rushed to my groin. My cock swelled inside her. I drove it deep into her belly.

"Oh god... oh Sarah... I'm going to cum... oh baby... AAAAAHHHHH... OOOOOHHHH..."

Once again I was pumping my creamy essence into her waiting pussy. The intensity of her own orgasm increased when she felt my hot seed splash against the quivering walls of her cunt. I finished dumping my load into her belly then collapsed onto her back. She shuddered one last time. I felt her go limp below me.

Several minutes later I rolled off her. I realized that Sarah was sound asleep. I thought about leaving but instead sat there and watched her. She was so beautiful and sensuous and a complete mystery. I ran my fingers through her soft hair as I watched her sleeping. She was indeed a goddess. What was I doing here? 

I got up and walked into the front room. I poured myself more champagne and sat on the couch looking out the window. It was past midnight, but I knew I couldn't sleep. I never wanted to awaken from this dream. I walked back into the bedroom to make sure she was still there. Sarah had rolled over onto her back. She was sleeping soundly with a leg crooked under her other leg. God she was beautiful.

I poured the rest of the champagne into my empty glass and took a seat in the large bedroom chair. While I was watching her sleep I dozed off. I was awakened by Sarah shaking me. I opened my eyes. She was looking at me, tears streaming down her face.

"I rolled over in bed looking for you but you weren't there. I thought you left me. You said you would spend the night."

I put my arms out and pulled her into my lap, holding her naked body tightly against me. She put her head on my shoulder and wrapped her arms tightly around my neck. I turned my face to hers and kissed her tears. Our lips came together in a soft, warm kiss. My manhood began to stir against the cream cheeks of her ass.

Sarah kissed me on the neck and then, sliding down in the chair, my nipples. She kissed, sucked and pinched first one and then the other. My cock continued to grow. Sarah kissed down my stomach, sliding to the floor. She wrapped her hand around my girth and looked up at me as she kissed the swollen tip of my shaft. Her tongue snaked across the head of my cock and teased the little slit at the top.

Her lips wrapped around my shaft just below the crown. My cock had grown to full hardness. Sarah pumped her hand up and down me while her mouth and tongue stimulated every nerve ending in my sensitive head. I groaned and squirmed in the seat from the sensations pulsing through my body.

She let go with her hand and slid her lips down my shaft. My cock lodged in the back of her throat. She extended her tongue under my shaft opening her throat to my invading manhood. My cock pushed deeper and deeper into her mouth until her lips were pressed against the curls at the base of my shaft. She held me there for a good ten seconds, massaging the head of my cock with her throat and finally pulling away to get some air.

Sarah did this several more times until cum was swirling in my balls. Just as I was about to explode in her mouth she pulled away and squeezed the base of my cock until my need to cum had passed. A small trickle of white fluid trickled out from the tip of my cock. She eagerly licked it up with her tongue.

Sarah climbed back up onto the chair straddling me with her knees. She kissed me softly on the lips and reached down between us guiding my swollen member to her waiting love chamber. Her moist folds parted as her puffy little peach split open to accept my bulging head. She slid down on my length impaling herself until my entire cock was buried in her tight pussy.

The soft glow from the night lamp illuminated our naked bodies. Sarah put her arms on my shoulders and leaned back, looking down between us and watching my cock slide in and out of her steamy passage. I looked down and watched as she moved slowly and methodically, lifting up until only the head of my shaft was inside her, then slowly impaling herself on my length.

"I love having you inside me, Jim. I love the way you fill me, the way you make me feel the pleasure of being a woman. When you go deep inside me my tummy churns with incredible pressure like I am about to explode. Oh god..."

I pulled her body against mine sliding my hands down her back to her rounded ass cheeks. Her soft warm breasts pushed against my chest. She was grinding her pussy against me, holding my cock deep inside her as she rubbed her clit against the base of my shaft. Her breaths were coming in short, quick gasps. Her arms were wrapped tightly around my neck.

She cried out. Her entire body tensed, then jerked and shuddered against me. She bit into my shoulder to muffle her screams. I drove my cock deep into her pussy again and again as she continued to cum. My own release suddenly gripped me. I buried my cock deep inside her just as it erupted and started filling her belly with hot cream. Sarah went into another round of convulsions, both of us finally collapsing at the same time.

We held each other close, breathing hard and enjoying the afterglow of our intense love making. I stayed inside her, afraid to leave her sacred temple. She shuddered a few last times clenching me with her vaginal muscles. Juices of our passion seeped out of her body and dripped down my balls onto the chair.

We sat there in silence for several minutes enjoying the closeness, the feel of our naked skin pressed together. Finally Sarah sat up and looked at me. There were tears streaming down the sides of her face. I wiped them away with my fingers, looking at her with a puzzled expression.

"You've made me so happy, Jim. I wish tonight would never end. Come to bed and hold me."

We fell asleep holding each other. I awoke while it was still dark and found myself on my side pressed up against Sarah's back with a hard cock pressed between her cheeks. I lifted her leg and pressed my manhood against her flower. The petals opened and I slipped inside. A soft moan escaped from her throat as she stirred, but she didn't appear to awake. I reached around and held her breast with one hand while rubbing her clit with the other. 

I pushed into her steamy love tunnel and fucked her at a slow, steady pace. She turned her head to me and opened her eyes. She smiled and pushed back against me. I rolled over onto her lower leg for a better angle, then leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers. We kissed softly but passionately while my cock continued to slide in and out of her hot pussy.

Sarah rolled onto her back and pulled me on top of her wrapping her arms and legs around me. She buried her face in my neck purring quietly. My ass pumped up and down like a piston as my manhood moved in and out of her steamy chamber. Her fingernails dug into my shoulders. 

"Uhhhhhhhhhh... Ooooooohhhhhhh... mmmmpppphhhh... aaaahhhhhhh..."

Her body stiffened and squirmed against me as an orgasm rippled through her body. I felt her tight pussy squeeze my cock with her clenching muscles. I pulled out and slammed my meat deep inside her steamy chamber, holding it there until her body quivered once last time. I started to pull out, but she held onto to me.

"No, Jim... I want you in me. Hold me."

With her arms and legs still wrapped around me, we kissed. Our mouths opened to the mingling of our lips and tongues. Sarah shuddered again causing her pussy to clamp tightly around my pulsating cock. I started fucking her again with long slow strokes pushing deep into her tight hole on each penetration. I slowly increased the pace. My balls slapped against her ass each time I buried my cock.

Sarah kissed down my neck and gently nibbled on me. She spread her hands out on my upper back and squeezed me tightly against her. Her heels dug into my ass cheeks pulling me deeper into her pussy. She moaned against my neck, then let out a muffled shriek as her body quivered in yet another orgasm.

Her shrieks and squeals got louder and more intense each time I slammed into her gushing pussy. Juices seeped down her ass as my balls smacked against it. Her orgasm continued for another 30 seconds before her shrieks turned to gasps and finally to whimpers. Her pussy twitched against my cock a few last times before she finally let go of her tight grip on me. She looked up at me with lust in her eyes and a smile in her face.

"Do me again."

Sarah rolled her legs all the way back hooking her feet over my shoulders. I was stretched out above her slamming my cock straight down into her upturned pussy. Our eyes were locked together in a passion filled dance as I pounded my swollen meat into her steamy hole. My hands moved over the soft flesh of her creamy tits, teasing her perky nipples with my fingertips.

I could feel my cock bottom out against her cervix each time I pounded into her. My balls slapped wetly against her asshole over and over. I was driving into her hard and fast, impaling her deeply with my thrusting manhood. Her lips began to quiver. Her eyes lost their focus. Her feet were shaking uncontrollably. Sarah dug her fingers into my chest and bit her lip. And then it happened.

She lost all control when the orgasm ripped through her body. Her scream was a loud ear piercing shrill. Fingernails grabbed my chest bringing a sharp pain as they tried to break the skin. Her head thrashed back and forth. Her screams and shrieks continued to reverberate off the walls each time my cock slammed down into her gushing cunt.

I could feel another orgasm churning in my balls. Watching the beautiful sex goddess squirming below me with an orgasm consuming her body added to my own need to release. My cock drove deep into her overheated pussy which gripped me tightly on each convulsion. I wasn't going to last much longer.

"Oh god... oh god... oh Sarah baby... I'm going to cum... almost there..."

Sarah's orgasm had begun to subside. I felt her hand snake down between us and grab for my cock.

"No... I want to taste you... get up here... hurry."

I quickly pulled out and climbed up her body doing my best to keep from spraying cock cream all over her. My swollen head cock barely cleared her lips when the first gush of hot cum splashed against the back of her throat. I grunted and thrust deeper as a second blast of cock cream poured into her mouth. Her hands gripped my ass cheeks and pulled me into her throat as cum continued to pump from my throbbing manhood. She pulled me from her lips and looked up at me with her mouth closed and full of my seed. I watched as she gulped it down and smiled at me. She took my cock back into her mouth and kissed it tenderly as it slowly deflated.

We both fell asleep. I didn't awake again until the sun was up. I rolled over and reached out for Sarah before realizing she wasn't there. I started to panic until I heard the shower running. I walked into the oversized bathroom and could see her naked form through the perforated glass. 

I opened the door and slipped in behind her. She turned her head and smiled as I pressed up against her wet backside while slipping my arms around her waist and stomach. She leaned back into me and pulled my hands over her slick breasts. I felt her nipples swell against my fingers. My cock began to harden against the smooth cheeks of her ass. 

Our lips met as water streamed down our faces. My manhood pushed up between her wet cheeks as it continued to grow. Sarah turned into me and put her arms around my neck. Our tongues and lips mingled through the water dripping down our faces. Her soft breasts pressed into my muscular torso. My hand slid down Sarah's back to her creamy cheeks. I pulled her pussy tight against my upper thigh as my hardness pressed into her lower stomach.

"Turn around," Sarah whispered into my ear.

Sarah soaped my back and shoulders before pressing up behind me. I felt her naked skin slide against mine. She rubbed her hands across my chest then down over my hardness as she washed my front. Her hands stroked me and fondled my balls. She slid down my back until she was squatting behind me washing my legs. Finally she washed between my ass cheeks then slid her hand between my legs to wash my balls and cock.

I turned around and fed my throbbing manhood to her waiting mouth. With water streaming down her face she slid her lips over my shaft. She swallowed me into her throat until her mouth was pressed against my pubes. I could feel her massage my swollen cock sending shivers through my body. Sarah slid back up my body and kissed me on the lips, then whispered in my ear.

"Do me now."

She leaned into the wall pressing her hands against the wet tile and thrusting her ass back towards me. I pressed up behind her and started soaping her shoulders and around to her breasts. My hard cock slid up between her ass cheeks which were slippery with soap running down her body. She reached behind and guided the swollen tip to her tight asshole. She turned her head to look at me and shook her head affirmatively. I pushed until I felt her begin to open.

"Yes... I want you to take me that way, Jim. But... be gentle. I've never done this before. I want you to be the first."

The head of my cock pushed into her dark passage. Sarah gasped as her body tensed. I let her get used to my thickness before pushing deeper. She tensed again, then finally relaxed. My hands cupped her tits as I pushed another inch of my cock into her ass. Sarah bit her lips and grabbed my forearm digging her fingers into my flesh.
