 This story is dedicated to Jill and her wish for the story.

Larry watched as his roommate Dan was getting ready to go out with his new girl of about a four months now. Dan had seen her almost every night now for a month. They did everything together. They were a hot item around campus and at parties never leaving each other's side and always touching and holding each other. It looked like true love for sure the way they were always joined at the hip. 

Yet, as Larry sat there he didn't feel Jill was as sweet or pure as she looked or made out to be. He just couldn't quiet see her with Dan loving and honoring and staying with him until death do they die. Jill was just too much of a flirt with him when Dan wasn't around. Larry was sure she was fucking around on him or would be sooner or later. It wasn't something he could put a finger on exactly; it was more like a feeling. While the two of them were both very attractive, belonged to the best groups of people on campus and made a great looking couple, Larry felt she was playing his friend and sooner or later would break his heart.

Jillian was a great looking girl, no woman she was definitely a woman. At the age of 22 she had the body that stopped traffic, and made any man turn his head as she walked past him. She had almost the perfect ass and he estimated her breasts to be at least 34C. Jill dressed to show off what she had but not like a whore just sexy. Her hair and make up was always just right and she was going to college for a degree in Finance. That made her intelligent as well as beautiful. Dan's dad was a big VP in some Investment company and Larry felt that maybe she was using Dan to get her foot in the door. He just wasn't sure she was as serious about him as he knew Dan was about her. Larry even tried to talk with Dan but to no use. Dan even got pissed off and told Larry not to go there. Larry and Dan had been good buddies for almost 3 years now and were both juniors. They had roomed together for all of those 3 years. They had shared many women together.

Sometimes it was Dan who brought the girl back to the room and had sex with her. They would date for a while, but it wasn't a question of if but more like when that the girl would Dan for Larry. 

Dan was good looking, much more than Larry. But it always seemed that Larry would seduce the female without even trying. Dan wasn't mad or upset since neither of them was serious about anything, even women. It was fuck them and leave them or there's many more fish in the sea was their motto. And Dan would just move on. 

Then there were other times when it would be Larry who came back to the room with a woman. But to be honest Dan never had a chance with her unless Larry decided to move on or if he asked the girl to give his roommate a little action. It seemed Larry could always get his women to be willing to accommodate him, regardless of what he asked. It wasn't that Dan couldn't get in a woman's pants, no, he could and did a great number of times. He had a lot of sex with a great number of women over these past three years. It was once he shared her with his roommate just once, poor Dan was longer wanted or need. The girls much-preferred Larry and Dan never figured out why. 

Now Dan wasn't really small in the sex organ department or should not have been embarrassed about his cock, it was a very nice size. Sure Larry was about an inch longer and somewhat thicker than him but the difference between them shouldn't have mattered that much. But, Larry had staying power that by far tripled Dan's. Larry would just be starting when the girl had her first cock orgasm, while Dan would be on the verge of cumming and finishing. It seemed Larry just knew how to satisfy a woman's sexual needs better and the word was spreading around the females on campus.

They would say things like, "Larry had a dick, and knew how to use it, while his roommate Dan had a cock and was a boy compared to Larry when it cane to giving women orgasms." Yes, Larry's reputation was being talked about all over the campus.

After a while he would be the major one to share the women with Dan. It was usually as a favor to his friend and the girl would do him at Larry's request. Sometimes the girl would bring a friend for Dan so she could have Larry all to herself. Larry could go for hours and the women knew when he was finish with them they were well fucked. Hell, sometimes Larry would fuck the other girl too when Dan was done with them.

But this time Larry knew Dan was extremely serious about Jill and so he backed off and never made a play for her. That didn't stop Jill from teasing him and flirting with him a lot. She had heard the rumors around the college and was wondering just how it would be with Larry one time. But she also wanted Dan and so she just flirted. Since Larry never flirted back she figured he didn't want to break the friendship with his friend. Yet, every change she had when Dan wasn't around or looking she would vamp herself to Larry.

Then the day came that changed everything. Dan had a death in the family and went home for 3 days to the funeral. While he was gone Dan had asked Larry to check on Jill. Larry told him he would do the best he could but he also asked why he wanted him to check on her. Dan said they had been having some problems, nothing serious, but Jill just flirted to damn much for his satisfaction. He had told her a lot to stop if she was going to be with him and only him. But Jill just couldn't seem to control her wondering eye and dirty mouth. Larry told him he would help his friend and maybe hang out around her dorm.

Dan left that next morning and Larry was eating a late breakfast when he saw Jill wondering into the hall. She had the shortest cutoff jeans short shorts on he had ever seen. Her spectacular ass cheeks were hanging out the bottom and he knew immediately Jill shaved completely. She had too, those shorts were that short and tight. The outlines of her pussy lips were showing to the world. Her top was just a plain baby blue faded tee shirt. The kind that they call a wife beater tee shirt. She didn't have a bra on but she was wearing makeup and her hair was in a ponytail that fell past her shoulders. If it was early morning Larry would have sworn she was hunting. "Jesus Jill! You look like you want to be rode hard and put up wet", he said to himself. She saw him right away and waved. She got her tray and food and came over and stood there smiling. Larry's eyes ran the length of her body and even if he tried he couldn't keep his cock from rising under the table. She said, "Hey Larry guess we're alone." Then she added, FINALLY!"

He just looked at her and she said, "I'm kidding! Man you need to lighten up babe! Did Dan leave this morning?"

He told her Dan left at 8AM and was scheduled to be back on Monday afternoon. She laughed and said, "Well Larry that gives us plenty of time." 

She was smiling but the look in her eye was one Larry had seen many times before. He decided to play along and said, "Time for what Jill?"

With a husky laughed she bent forward across the table from him and said, "Time to show me what I have heard about you Larry."

He had heard all the talk about him but decided to play her. He said, "What have you heard about me?"

She smiled and she bent over further showing him her tits hanging down and he deep cleavage between them. The tee shirt did nothing to hide the hardening nipples pointing down at the table. She said as she sat back now, "The rumor that you can go for hours in the sack baby! You know the rumors as well as I do Larry. Don't try and deny it."

She took a bit of her food and made sure Larry got a good look at her tongue. She ate the food like she was having sex with it. Larry's cock was hard now and he was having a hard time not to just say to his best friend's woman, "Come back with me and I'll show you the rumors are true. I'm going to fuck your eyes out today Jill."

It was almost like she read his mind. She said, "You aren't going to sit there and tell me you haven't had a idea or dream about you and me Larry have you? I know you better than that. I saw your eyes follow me around and I see you look at my body and lick your lips. You are just to good of a friend with Dan to try anything. But you know what they say about while the cat's away. And Larry I have been thinking of you just as much as I know you have been thinking of me." He said, "Dan's my best friend Jill. Don't do this. You know I won't be able to say no to you if we go back to the room you're just to dam beautiful."

She smiled and said, "Why Larry you do care. Look baby, I have three days to do what I want. I haven't had another man for 4 months, four long months Larry. So stop playing around with me now and take me back to your room. Take me to your bed and show me what I have been missing. Stop playing here with just words Larry and play with my body with your body back at your room." He said, "I don't know Jill. I mean what if Dan finds out about us?"

She looked and sounded angry and told him, "Fuck Dan! He's gone. Now are you or aren't you going to take this one opportunity for us to be together? We could have 3 days together Larry." She licked her lips very sexy and said, "Umm three days with someone who knows how to really please a woman. And baby! I'm that woman! Now, look I don't know how to beg and in fact I never have to beg. Guys fall at my feet like women do at yours. Don't you think we should see who could keep up with whom? Last time Larry, I'm asking you are we or aren't we going back to your room?"

He stood up and aid, "Come on. You're right Jill I have been hard for you since Dan brought you back the first time. I can't wait to see you humping me and me making you cum. Now dump the tray of food and I'll give you something to eat back at my room. I hope you're up for the fucking of your life baby! Because I plan to give it to you!"

She smiled and whispered, "Yea, yea, yea talk is cheap and so are we. I sue hope you aren't all talk."

They almost ran back to Larry's room. It was Saturday and most of the other students were gone some place, a football game or work or just off campus or sleeping. They weren't seen so they weren't worried. As Larry closed the door to the room Jill melted into his arms and moaned, "I want you so fucking bad baby!"

Larry said, "Take your clothes off Jill I can't wait to see that fucking sexy body." She pulled back and smiled as she pulled the tee shirt over her head and released her brats. They were perfect just like Larry had pictured them. The bounced a couple of times as the shirt pulled them up and then released them and they fell. Even as big and round as they were at 22 years old, Jill had no sag at all. They stood out proud and waiting to be made love too. Larry reached for them but Jill laughed and backed up. She unsnapped the jeans and then ran the zipper down slowly. They were so tight it took a few seconds of her wiggling and pushing to get them off her hips. Once they were over her unbelievable round tight ass she let them fall to the floor with another wiggle. Larry just sat there looking at what might have been the perfect woman. She smiled knowing he liked what he saw very much. She opened her legs a little and said, "You like?"

He licked his lips first the as his eyes took in Jill's beauty he saw the breasts standing out with pink hard nipples at the center of each one. Her stomach was flat as any he had ever seen. Then as his eyes moved down over her hips and yes, he was right, completely shaved pussy she saw the lips protruding out puffy and slightly swollen with that love slit in the center of the. Larry could actually smell her sexual musk as it floated in the air in front of him. He said, "Jill you are even more beautiful than I had imagined. Turn around."

Her smile got bigger as she spun around showing him her back and the ass that every guy in school wanted to fuck lick and bit! He saw her look over her shoulder and undo the ponytail letting her ark black hair fall over her shoulders. She turned around and faced him. He reached for her and he pulled her body towards him. As he sat on the bed his mouth kissed and licked her stomach as his hand went between her thighs and cupped her pussy. She was wet very wet. She pulled his head up so he could look at her and she said, "Your turn. Show me that cock that the girls say can go for hours. I need to see your cock now Larry."

He stood up and dropped his jeans and boxers in one motion. His cock came spring out as Jill dropped to the floor. As Larry was pulling his tee shirt over his head Jill toke his hardon into her beautiful mouth and sucked on the thickening head. Her hand began to stroke his shaft that was hardening more and more as she held it. He placed his hands on her head and she looked up into his eyes and Larry knew she was smiling! He held her head and she made love to his cock and balls. It was more than 20minutes of Jill's best blow job and hand job before Larry had to pull her up and into his arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck and drove those tits into his chest. He could feel her hard nipples and the he felt her body rubbing against his stiff cock. She took the cock in her hand and said, "Use it! Do me Larry we can suck and play with each other later right now I want and need this hard fucking dick inside me."

He placed his hands on her fine ass and lifted her up. She wrapped her legs around him and used her hand to guide his throbbing cock toward her wet warm opening. As the head of Larry's cock entered her she wiggled and pushed and finally it went in with a popping sound. She let out a sigh and then a moan as he pushed more and more of his cock into her. She held him around the neck and kissed him sliding her tongue deep into his mouth! Then held each other like that until finally Larry's cock hair was rubbing against her body and her clit! She moaned again and began to slowly ride him in and out of her pussy. Larry broke the kiss and said, "Faster. Fuck me faster Jill."

She smiled and began to hump and hump and hump him as he stood there holding her up. His hands were enjoying the feeling of the perfect ass as she rest her body on his hands and kept her legs wrapped around his stomach. Again and again she slammed her pussy all the way into him taking all of his cock as far as it would go into her cunt tunnel. She moaned and told him, "God you can't imagine how good your cock feels fucking me after Dan's. I mean he's OK and he gets me to cum but he doesn't last long! He makes me cum once and then he looses it and begins to cum."

Larry was grunting now as he was holding her and fucking her still standing. He said between breaths, "Some guys just can't hold off Jill. I mean part of it is your fault, you're just so dam beautiful. I mean Dan loves you and that plus this beautiful fantastic body of yours makes him cum fast I can understand that."

She said, "Yea I know most guys cum quickly the first time. But after 4 mouths you would think his endurance would be getting better. But it hasn't. Not at all! I have started to call him one shot Dan! GOD! Larry your cock feels so good."

Larry said, "I have to stop. Let's change positions."

She smiled and said, "Almost made you cum didn't I?"

He smiled and slapped her ass as she put her feet back on the floor. She said, "Lay down I want to be on top first!" 

He didn't care all he wanted was to drive his cock back into her body. He laid back and she straddled him moving hr pussy up higher and higher over his body. Larry knew where she was going and smiled as she put her pussy directly in front of his face. He said, "I don't know weather to fuck up a good eat or eat up a good fuck!"

She said, "Shut up and use your mouth for a little while so your cock will rest."

He did just that. In fact he was enjoying the smell and flavor of her pussy so much he didn't care how long Jill sat on his face. But he knew his cock was throbbing with his desire. She knew it too and reached back and fondled his balls and stroked his dick while he sucked and licked her into three really great orgasms. When she finally did slid off his face she laughed because he had cunt juice dripping of his chin and nose. She used the sheet on the bed to wipe his face. She said, "I guess we should have taken a towel in bed with us. I should have told you I cum a lot and I mean I gush with wetness."

Larry said, "Well so do I, and soon you insides are going to be covered with my cum! Now get your ass down there and sit on my cock!"

She wiggled her wet pussy all the way down his body and as she lifted up she took just the head into her opening. She hung there holding the cock head just inside the walls of her vagina and smiled down at him. She said, "Would you like more? Would you like to put more of your hard thick cock into me Larry?"

He lifted up but she held off and lifted with him She kept him on the edge until he said, "Yes! Yes Jill I want all of me in you! Come on I know you want this. You almost begged me for it! Come on sink down on me"

She laughed and said, "I love it when men beg for me."

Larry reached up and pulled Jill's hips down shoving his cock up deep into her body. She was now sitting on him and rocking back and forth on his big dick. She began to squeeze Larry's cock from the inside out. She had tremendous control of her vagina muscles and worked his cock fucking it as she just sat on him. She said, "Good?"

Larry said, "Oh hell yes very good where did you learn to do this trick with your pussy?"

She said, "My mother taught me how to tighten and release my muscles all the way inside my little pussy baby! I know you can feel it! I bet you would love to thrust into me wouldn't you?"

Larry was arching and lifting them both up off the bed trying to push his cock deeper into her body. But Jill was totally in control and he knew it! She finally began to move up on his shaft again and then down. He held her hips and assisted her to ride up and down. 

It was serious now, no more playing or holding him she was now fucking him and it felt like heaven as her smooth silky tight pussy squeezed his cock as he began to bounce now up and won on it. And bounce she did. Jill moved with grace and speed as she slid her body perfectly up to just hold the thick purple cock head and then downnhar5d ramming his cock up into her. She came down on his body so hard he grunted as the air was pushed out of him with each downward thrust. She said, "Bend foreword I had to suck those perfect tits."

She smiled as she lowered them to his mouth! First the right one and then the left one was pushed into his mouth. His hands held and squeezed them as he sucked so hard she cried out a couple of times. Her body shook with her lust as she continued to fuck Larry riding on top of him. She was bending down now moaning and telling him, "Fuck me! Oh yes fuck me I'm almost there Larry! Oh God baby! Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh fuck yes! YES! Larry! Harder baby! Harder I'm cumming! Oh God! Oh God!! Fuck me!! Fuck me!! Fuck meeeeeee!!! FUCKKKKK MEEEEEEEEEE!!!"

She screamed out as she peaked and then fell forward. Larry didn't cum! Even he was surprised that he was able to hold off. Jill was without a doubt the best fuck he had ever had. No wonder Dan wanted to keep her. But he also knew she was by far much more experienced at this than his roommate was. He wondered how many guys she had been with and done this too. She could make any man, well almost any man want her and do almost anything to keep her. She was a really hot, sexy beautiful woman who was a whore deep inside but how to tell his best friend without loosing him as a friend? He didn't know and now that Jill had begun to move on his hard dick again, he didn't care.

She came up and kissed him and said, "That was fucking unbelievable. And they were right! You didn't cum." 
