 Jill and Roger were a bit breathless, crouching behind his car parked alongside the grass verge in the far corner of the car park. It was late evening, but high summer so that there was still a little light in the sky. As a pointless joke, they were hiding from friends they had just left in the clubhouse at the end of the evening.

Jill’s heart was knocking at her ribs with the excitement and the exercise of running across the park. She could hear John’s voice in the distance.

“Where the dickens have Roger and Jill got to? They were with us only a minute ago.

‘His car’s still over there. They must still be in the club.’ that was Trisha’s voice Jill could hear. She giggled, hot and still panting a bit.

‘Oh, come on! Let’s go.’

As Jill heard the sound of a car door opening, she was taken aback by Roger putting an arm round her, reaching over to kiss her. After a brief moment of surprise, she returned the kiss still giggling - which became rather prolonged. Floating across the park were calls of ‘Goodnight’ from the others as the kiss developed into mutual nibbling of lips.

When Jill heard a car motor starting up, she put her hand behind Roger’s neck to continue the kissing. It was then that she felt his other hand reach up her blouse to cup her left breast, slightly damp with perspiration. The kiss became more passionate.

With it being a warm evening, Jill had not tucked her blouse into her skirt, leaving it hanging loose, and had discarded her bra, so that there were no barriers to Roger’s snooping hand. She had full, self-supporting breasts with outstanding nipples, which had caused something of a sensation in the bar earlier.

She made no attempt to stop him. It was too late. Besides, Jill had been flirting with her eyes at him all evening, so it was hardly surprising he would try to feel her up. And she enjoyed having her breasts fondled - and by a strange hand, it was all the more exciting. It generated that wonderful warm feeling in her loins and bubbled over in her vulva. And Jill had a sneaking attraction towards Roger, who was an outgoing, amusing – if loud – person.

Roger had the self-confidence of a guy with a large prick. They knew they were a bit special. Jill had been told by Pattie that Roger had such a piece of male equipment. So, although feeling slightly guilty, she welcomed the feel of Roger’s roving hand on her breasts, wondering why he had left it so late to try to feel her.

‘What absolutely beautiful breasts,’ Roger murmured into her mouth. ‘Stunning!’

They had been rehearsing for a musical they were all taking part in. As usual, they all finished up in the club bar for a few drinks afterwards. Jill and Roger were playing opposite to each other in the musical, whilst John and Trisha were helping with props. Pattie and Peter were also involved in the chorus line, and the four couples were close friends.

On this particular evening, Johnnie was away on business, leaving Jill with the children for three nights, which was rather a long absence for both of them. The two of them were highly sexed and usually fucked at least once a day. When Johnnie was away, they would speak on the phone for half an hour or so, whispering sexy things to each other, sometimes leading to a mutual masturbating session whilst listening to their grunts and whimpers, encouraging the other to an orgasm.

This particular evening, Johnnie had phoned a little before Jill was ready to go out. She had teased him about the firm’s secretaries, since this was the evening of their annual party. There would be food and wine, a little dancing and, perhaps an odd grope. She wound him up by admitting that she would be going to rehearsal wearing very little on such a warm evening - which would almost certainly turn on the men in the chorus.

‘You get them all wound up darling!’ he told her.’ Then tell me all about it when I get home.’

‘I will, darling. Believe me. Must go! Have fun!’ and she left the house feeling very sexy.

The other three men in their group all fancied Jill; she was very attractive, a slender 5'8" with an elegant deportment and a ready infectious laugh. Roger was particularly attentive to Jill this evening, sitting beside her. But it was John who could hardly keep his eyes away from the shadow of her nipples pushing against the fabric of the blouse. Roger had pulled his leg about it.

‘Hey, John! It’s rude to stare - even if they are worth staring at.’

‘You men,’ Trisha had said. ‘All you think about is sex!’

‘And why not? It makes the world go round!’

‘What would you think if I stared a your crotch openly?’

‘Hey! I’d think – I’ll be alright tonight!’ was John’s retort. they laughed.

‘But I have to say, Jill, they do look particularly succulent,’ was Roger’s opinion.

‘I know you’d like to get your hands on them, but just drink your beer and mind your own business, ’ Pattie told him.

‘Chance would be a fine thing.’

Jill threw her head back and laughed, allowing her breasts to push against the fabric of the blouse throwing the nipples into even further relief. Her husband jokingly called then organ stops. During warm weather, when shopping on a Saturday morning, Jill would be without a bra beneath her white cotton blouse, allowing her prominent, dark nipples to stand out against the fabric. Johnnie encouraged her in doing this, enjoying watching the reaction of the other male shoppers when they noticed her prominent buds.

So this was a deliberate move on Jill’s part to tease the men. She enjoyed the feeling of power over them, egging them on by offering them a glimpse of her feminine charms. John managed to move casually behind Jill’s seat so that he could glance down the top of her blouse in the hope of catching sight of those tantalising swellings.

But Jill knew what John was up to and laughed even more, twisting her head round to look at Pattie, knowing that her blouse would fall open sufficiently for her right nipple to be visible to John, looking over her shoulder. The thought of him getting would up looking at her nipple gave her a kick.

Pattie couldn’t compete with Jill in the breast department, but she was equally sexy. She quite fancied Roger herself, having recently enjoyed a mutual encounter with him at a party - though it was confined to hands only. Having allowed him to fondle her bottom and press her breasts, whilst kissing, Pattie had fingered the shape of Rogers erect cock in his trousers, feeling it twitch. She was impressed; curious to have a closer inspection sometime.

All the men fancied her friend, Jill; but then they fancied all the wives really. And, if the truth were known, all the wives fancied the other men - Pattie had pressed the stiffness of them all at one time or another, and was particularly attracted to Jill’s husband, Johnnie.

John in particular, now gazing longingly down her blouse at those superb breasts, drooled over Jill. He had even suggested a wife swap or foursome to Johnnie who had laughed off the idea at he time. He had asked Trisha later if she approved of her husband’s suggestion, to be told that she’d even allow John to stray if she could enjoy a session of sex with Johnnie. Johnnie wasn’t sure if she was teasing, but made a mental note to try her out sometime.

When ‘time’ was called, all except Roger and Jill disappeared into the toilets, leaving Roger and Jill alone.

“Come on,” he suddenly took Jill’s hand. ‘Let’s run off and hide from them.’

Rather than ask why, Jill said nothing, but ran down the corridor silently with him, breasts bouncing, and out of the front door. They sprinted across the car park to Roger’s Rover, ducking down behind it, giggling. Jill, a little out of breath, peered round the front bonnet.

‘Shh!’ she hissed. ‘They’re coming!’

And to Jill’s surprise, Roger had taken advantage of the situation to feel her breasts and kiss her on the mouth. Which of course, had been his plan all along. Seeing her nipples straining against her blouse whilst they were in the bar, had determined him to get his hands on them, use the opportunity whilst Johnnie was away. Roger suspected that Jill was inviting him to fondle them. And now he had! It was all much easier than he had anticipated. They were all he had expected. Soft and firm with large nipples.

Jill gasped in surprise.

‘Stunning!’ he repeated, exploring their texture and firmness.

‘Yes, well. Now you’ve had your feel, shouldn’t we be going?’ but Jill made no move to stand up. She was enjoying the caresses and was, in fact, wondering what the state of Roger’s cock would be. Pattie had confided having giving it a casual stroke to her and being impressed by its quality. Jill wondered whether this was her chance to discover for herself. She had had enough to drink to abandon any false modesty. Besides, if Roger could feel her boobs, she could feel his cock. Only fair.

“What’s the hurry? Roger was whispering. ‘Johnnie’s away and Delia’s at her Mother’s. We have all night.’ Roger had no intention of letting this opportunity go by without making full use of his advantage and enjoy feeling Jill’s softest centres.

Whilst considering her response, still squatting on her heels, having her neck and earlobes nibbled, Jill never considered how vulnerable her vulva was. Beneath the wide wrap-round skirt, she was wearing only loose silk French knickers. Jill liked to wear expensive, attractive underwear against her loins. But these did little to protect her genitals against invasion. And invaded they were.

Roger’s other hand slid quickly under her skirt from behind, over her taught buttocks to cup Jill’s soft hair-covered secret entrance in his palm. He had reasoned that she had not repulsed his exploration of her tits, so it was worth trying to get into her silk knickers. Before Jill could prevent it, the thick, well-endowed vulva with its fleshy inner lips, nestled into his palm, spreading its honey, enjoying the attention.

Jill’s aroused vulva was well covered with a mat of dark hair, spreading into her inner thighs and peaking to her belly button. Its over-generous inner lips hung low from the clitoral hood, flanking the trickling vaginal opening, their warm, fleshy folds resembling small wrinkled grapes.

‘You bugger!’ she scolded, wriggling, but without dislodging his hand. ‘That bit’s private. Well, apart from Johnnie, of course.’

‘What? Such a marvellous piece of woman you have there – so succulent and soft – so wonderful - and you want to keep it private? Shame on you!’

‘You have Delia’s to play with.’

‘Yes, but yours is so attractive, so different.’

‘Maybe! But you’d find any woman’s fanny attractive.’

‘Besides, yours is ready, willing and able. It’s soaking.’

‘What do you expect. It’s being stimulated. Anyway, it usually is. I’m permanently wet. So stop it!’ But she didn’t mean it, and Roger knew she was only going through the polite remonstrations. He pressed her down with his other hand as he started to fondle the soft, plump vulva, swollen with desire, his fingers pressing up against her erect clitoris. She was very, very sexy. She was very, very receptive.

‘Stop it, Roger!’ Jill protested, toppling over sideways in the struggle. Roger leaned over her, his hand still clutching her most secret part.

‘Can’t I share it. Just for tonight? Can I have Johnnie’s share?’

‘No!’ But Jill was unable to prevent his prying fingers from exploring her generous labia, feeling their fleshy folds. 

‘Besides, it’s nor fair on Johnnie or Delia.’ Jill was surprised by the hoarse nature of her voice. She was clearly confused by her eagerness. She was torn between her desire to be faithful to Johnnie and her desire to enjoy the sensation between her legs, being felt and caressed.

‘They won’t know, will they? And your body tells me it would like to share its secrets with mine.’

What the hell, Jill thought. What’s a feel between friends? Besides, it feels good. She sighed. After all, it’s what she was had been wanting ever since she spoke on the phone with her husband. Though with Johnnie, rather than some other man. Roger had been provocative during the rehearsal, kissing her rather more passionately than the play called for, whispering how she turned him on – how gorgeous she looked – how soft her skin. Generally chatting her up

So, she had spent the whole evening during rehearsals on the edge of stimulating thoughts, eager for Johnnie to get home and screw her hard. And here she was, being felt up by his friend instead.

‘We shouldn’t really,’ she said thickly. But without conviction. The teasing fingers, now playing with her stiff clitoris, causing her loins to jerk and squirm, were in no mood to be refused this attention. She would have to stop him right now, otherwise all her resolve would be gone.

Jill’s inner muscles were flexing with anticipation, dilating and contracting the puckered vaginal opening in rhythmic spasms. She wanted to get home to her bed so that she could masturbate, to release the sexual tensions.

In an attempt to push him from her, Jill put her hand on Roger’s thigh, only to find it resting on his hardened cock straining at the leg of his shorts. Her mouth dried up. She hadn’t really intended this – nor expected to contact his cock. Roger would believe, of course, that she’d done it deliberately. But she didn’t take it away. It was too interesting. 

Jill had an insatiable fascination for cocks. Having a brother two years her senior, she had been familiar with the essential part of the male anatomy for as long as she could remember. She had frequently watched him play with it until it grew stiff. In fact he was the first one to fuck her, just for curiosity, to see what it was like. She didn’t think it anything special at the time.

But it wasn’t until she had joined the local Gilbert and Sullivan Society that she finally played with a cock herself. One of the older members gave her a lift to rehearsals in his car and, when she got to know him better, he promised he would get her a solo part in the next show if she were good to him. Being good, she found, meant pushing her hand into his trousers and playing with his cock, which was usually already stiff with anticipation, rubbing it up and down until it ejaculated in her hand.

After overcoming her nervousness, she did as he asked. This was the very first cock she had felt; her first experience of sperm, which she found strangely exciting. She began to enjoy playing with it. Though not getting the part in the show at the time, Jill did get an appetite for cock.

There had been many cocks since those early years. It had been with some surprise, and absolute delight that Jill discovered that every cock was different from the rest. Since her first real fuck in the back of a car with her first leading man, each encounter with a cock was a new thrilling discovery.

So, when Jill first agreed to have a pub lunch with Johnnie, she thought he would drive her onto the moors for kisses and caresses, expecting her to play with his penis and he to feel her fanny. But that was not the case. He never touched her. They just chatted, getting to know each other until time for him to go to a meeting

It was on their second date that he slid his hand into her blouse during a prolonged kiss. His fingers touched her skin with a soft delicacy, making her shiver with excitement, raising goose pimples on her arms. Exhilarating! As they kissed, the smell of his skin excited her curiosity about his body. She wanted him naked in her arms. But no!

Most men couldn’t wait to scoop a woman’s breast into their hand, rubbing it as if trying to polish it. But Johnnie kept her waiting before reaching inside her blouse with sensitive fingers. With their sensitive tips, they traced the contours of the breast, exploring, touching her nipples gently, sending rippling waves of delight through her whilst bringing the teat to its swollen hardness.

So delicate was the touch that the rippling current she felt reached her clitoris, triggering a mild orgasm. Her vagina was flooding! But that was all he ventured on that second date. She was beginning to wonder if he didn’t find her attractive after all.

On the third lunch date, as they started their kissing, Johnnie lingered rather longer in fondling her breasts, bringing her to a peak of anticipation. Jill inhaled his fragrance with joy. When his other hand reached up the hem of her dress, she sighed with relief. At last! The fingertips stroked her inner thigh as lightly as a feather, gradually reaching the gusset of her knickers, teasing the silky-soft hair surrounding the vulva. She thrilled with anticipation. This was it! Jill was wearing her favourite silk open-leg knickers, offering free access to what was within, so that Johnnie’s fingers had no obstacle to reaching Jill’s soft labia. So very wet. 

Jill was over the moon! Lost in sexual exhilaration. She murmured with pleasure as she wriggled her loins.

‘At last!’ she whispered to him, ‘I was beginning to wonder if you would ever want to feel me properly. What was the delay?’

‘It is so much more thrilling if you have to wait a while. I didn’t want to rush you. Make you think that’s all I want from you.’

‘Well, it probably is. It’s all I want from you right now!’

‘Good! You have a fantastic body!’

‘God! You had me begging for it.’ And she gasped with the thrill of his touch.

‘You’re wearing the right underwear – feeler friendly!’

‘Asre you complaining?’ she muttered, her lips pecking at his. ‘Come on. Feel me good!’ 

Returning to the kiss, Johnnie’s fingers explored the most secret centre of Jill’s body, fingering every crevice, every fold of warm flesh, discovering the delights of her entire vulva, to her utter ecstasy. Fabulous!

Reaching into Johnnie’s lap, Jill’s hand encountered the hard outline of his penis. She stroked it gently before taking the tab of the zip fastener between her thumb and forefinger to slowly open it. With a feeling of breath-taking anticipation, her fingers sneaked inside the open trousers and touched the bare skin of the shaft. With a dry mouth, Jill’s hand curled round the cock. It was her turn to discover Johnnie’s centerpiece and explore its texture, length and girth, whilst her loins were on fire with the flames of lust and passion.

It was what she expected. Hard, firm and straight! And throbbing!

Where they were parked did not allow Johnnie the pleasure of mounting the willing Jill – of penetrating the eager entrance to her supreme private place. That would have to wait for another time. They had to make do with manual manipulation until Jill could no longer withhold the blast off of her orgasm. It came from deep within her, erupting like a volcanic eruption!

Of the men Jill had allowed to feel her, she found that Johnnie was the only one who really knew how to give her a satisfactory orgasm without her help. A subtle mixture of fingering the labia, reaching fingers into the vaginal folds, and stimulating the clitoris by small circular motions, varying the rhythm, increasing the pressure and urgency at just the right time. Building up tensions on top of tensions. He brought her off magnificently that first time – the first of many.

Before being taken back to her work, Jill watched as her jerking hand brought Johnnie’s cock to an exploding ejaculation into her handkerchief. She knew there and then that that this was to be the only cock she wanted for the rest of her life.

But she reckoned without the one she was now feeling. Roger’s felt so very good. A wonderful specimen. It would be a good thing to recall as she played with herself in bed that night. Besides, she hadn’t felt another cock since she took up with Johnnie, all those years ago.

*****

That wasn’t quite true. There was the episode with the young man in the park, some years ago now, shortly after the birth of her son.
