 Poor Jimmie developed a darned cyst, right on his left buttock. Talk about a pain in the ass, man did that term fit.

He did try to squeeze the thing, he could barely reach it. Of course all that accomplished was to make it worse, bigger and more sore, now he had to sit sideways on the john.

Embarrassed about it since Jimmie was only barely 21 and a little bit on the bashful side, it was also cutting into his love life. It was difficult enough to get laid, but between the thing hurting and making him miserable and his also being embarrassed that some girl might see that, it had now been several weeks.

He did manage to take a look at the thing, by taking the mirror off of the medicine cabinet and bending over to look between his legs he could see it.

Bright red, the size of a damned half dollar? If it would just surface, he could handle it himself but it was showing no signs at all of doing that.

Nothing to do but bite the bullet and go see the Doctor. That meant at least $250.00, which he had but barely and could afford only if he skipped hamburgers and fries for a month. With no insurance, he knew he would have to pay the bill, which is why he was putting off having it taken care of in the first place.

+++

"It's really busy, but we can get you in at 3 this afternoon with one of our physician's assistants." The receptionist told him after asking him for his concerns.

"I have a...uhhh...big pimple on my..err...my left buttock." He managed to tell the receptionist. She didn't say anything or snicker, which helped a little bit.

So Jimmie sat there in the waiting room, patiently waiting as he watched the clock reach 3:40, then finally at four an older woman came out and got him.

"I'm Marcie, Debbra will see you today. Go ahead and take off all of your lower clothing and put on this gown, you can leave your socks on." She gave him a big smile and left.

"Just great." Jimmie thought. 

"Bad enough to have this problem, but now he would have to let some white haired old lady see his bare ass?"

But he undressed, sat on the edge of the paper covered table waiting patiently It was cold in the damn room, he was thinking maybe this was the new medical procedure, just freeze the clients and they would keep better? He was snickering to himself at the stupid joke he just came up with when the door opened.

There stood a young woman, she might be older than he was but if she was, it was barely. Slender, in fact she was wisp thin, sort of attractive in a way.

"Hi. I'm Kaylee, let's take a look at your problem." She said in a no nonsense manner.

Jimmie was wondering what happened to the one named Debra, but he said nothing, and dropped his slacks and underwear as soon as the woman left the little room.

She was back in just a few minutes, she tugged on a pair of clear latex gloves, then asked him to turn around and lean forward as she sat down on a little roller stool.

Blushing, Jimmie bent over the table. She pulled the gown partially aside, took a look. Then she tugged the gown back into place, mercifully covering his bare behind.

"I see. That appears painful, I will need to lance and drain it." 

"I was thinking if someone could maybe give it a little squeeze...?" Jimmie asked.

"No, it's way too deep. I will be right back." She left with poor Jimmie standing there leaning over, barely covered by the silly gown. He wanted to reach back and hold the gown securely closed, but instead he just waited there, uncomfortably leaned over the exam table.

She was back in seconds, Jimmie looked over her shoulder and there stood Jill Marshall, who happened to be his next door neighbor lady! 

Jimmie tried to stand up and hide, hell, he was bent over, and he knew damn good and well his junk was nearly hanging out in plain sight!

Shit! He saw the woman damn nearly every day, she seemed to come out to get her newspaper at about the same time Jimmie left for work. She was a nice looking woman, maybe in her early forties, and she always smiled and waved at him.

He saw her eyes open in surprise, then she quickly covered that and assumed a professional manner. All Jimmie could do was blush at the situation.

Bad enough that he had seen her many times, even lusted after her, but now here she was in the little room and he was nearly naked.

"Hello Jimmie." She said.

"You know each other?" The other slender woman asked.

"Yes, we live next door to each other." Mrs. Marshall said with a grin, Jimmie was looking over his shoulder and she had her eyes locked on his barely covered butt.

All he wanted to do was jump up and run, but he couldn't.

"Jill here is our on staff Dermatologist, I doubt this is anything more than a cyst but it's best to not take chances so I asked her to take a look." Kaylee told him, actually reaching out and patting his behind. At least she did that to the side that didn't hurt.

The next thing Jimmie knew, he was bent over again and Mrs. Marshall was touching him back there. She gave the thing a small squeeze, sending a stab of pain through him.

The damn cyst was directly on his Sciatic nerve, man did it hurt.

"We will need to be careful due to the nerve endings right there. If we make a small incision straight in, I think that will drain." Mrs. Marshall told the other woman.

"Yes, I agree. But I have another patient, I will have the nurse step in to assist." Jimmie was sure the two women gave each other evil grins. But lord? Another female?

"I thought that was a nurse?" Jimmie asked after the first woman left.

"No, that is Doctor Debra Watkins, she is new on staff, she started last Monday. Millie will be in in just a minute, then we will see if we can get that taken care of."

Jimmie didn't know what to do, he was still leaned forward on the exam table, the silly gown of course was now opened in the back and Mrs. Marshall was making no move to leave.

Just then another young woman came in, she was built about like a bowling ball, about as wide as she was tall. She might have been five feet tall, but only barely.

"This is Millie, she will assist." Mrs. Marshall told him.

"Hello, sir." The young woman said brightly. Jimmie mumbled something, and turned his head.

Good grief. Bad enough he had to show his bare behind to one female, now it was three of them.

"Ok. I will need to be very careful here, Jimmie. Please get up on the table and lie on your right side for me." She was smiling, Jimmie was sure it was because of his obvious blushing.

Once situated, Mrs. Marshal told him to expect a cold feeling as she sprayed something on him.

She was right, it was COLD, whatever that was. After a few minutes, Mrs. Marshal produced a tool of some kind as the one named Millie stepped up behind and slid the gown forward a ways.

He felt something back there, which diverted his attention because he expected it to hurt like hell, but it didn't.

Then he realized that Millie had pressed the gown too far and his penis was partially exposed.

"Just a second." He heard her say, then his left leg was lifted and she pressed the sheet between his legs. Her hand drifted right over him as she did that.

Instantly Jimmie felt the beginnings of an erection, he was struggling to stop that without any success. Meanwhile, Mrs. Marshall was doing something back there.

"There we go." She announced. That did feel a bit sticky, Jimmie moved and it was just enough, his penis expanded, slid up and over the edge of the gown out into clear view.

Mrs. Marshall was still busy back there, then she announced that it was all done. He saw out of the corner of his eye that she stood up, realized he was almost fully exposed. Then she leaned forward, took a long look and smiled.

"I'm sorry." Jimmie managed.

"Nothing to be sorry about, honey. We see men all the time, it's perfectly normal." She was still standing there looking down, then finally she turned away, stripped off her gloves.

"Millie, you can go ahead and help Jimmie here off the table, go ahead and get him finished up and then take the paperwork to the front desk."

Millie walked around the table to Jimmie's front, her eyes were locked on what was now a full blown erection. Mrs. Marshall let a soft giggle escape her lips and left.

"Is that uncomfortable?" She asked Jimmie as soon as the door was closed. He had just managed to sit up and was trying to cover himself with the gown but some of it was trapped under his hip so it wouldn't reach.

"I... Miss? I am really sorry, I didn't mean to..." Jimmie started.

"Oh, don't be sorry, that is really beautiful. Would you like me to relieve that for you?" She grinned ear to ear.

"I... what? Really?" He asked.

"We aren't supposed to, not really but I like to and we don't want you to leave here all congested." She reached out and stroked his erection with the tip of her fingers.

Jimmie didn't move, he was startled at this turn of events. Millie clearly took that as permission, she reached out and began to stroke him, using the other hand to fully open his gown.

So there Jimmie sat, with this very large round nurse masturbating him as he sat on the table. She appeared to be delighting in doing it, too. Within a couple of minutes she had him close, and she seemed to know it, because just has he felt his body begin to release, she leaned forward and suckled him into her mouth.

She swallowed all of his seed, then licked him clean.

"There! You should be fine now." Millie told him, then she left the room.

After several minutes, Jimmie managed to get dressed, he went out to the receptionist's desk and signed the forms, using his credit card.

"Here is your list of instructions." The receptionist told him with what seemed to be a smirk. Jimmie folded that up and tucked it in his pocket, then went home.

The next morning he woke up, removed the bandages and took a look. There was a tiny little hole, but no bleeding and the swollen spot was all but gone.

In the kitchen, he cooked some eggs, made Coffee, then sat down. He remembered the instruction list so he went into the bedroom and got the sheet of paper.

Sitting back down, he read the printed instructions, they were all normal and expected.

At the bottom of the page was a handwritten note.

It read, "Millie" plus her phone number?? 

Underneath that line, it read:

"Any time!" Followed by a happy face.

"Man. That gal is something else." Jimmie thought to himself. He then got up to go get his newspaper.

Jill Marshall was outside, she was clipping some Rose bushes, she saw him and waved him over.

"How are you doing, is that better?" She asked him.

"Uhh..Yeah, thanks, it seems fine."

"That's good, but if you want to, I can take another look to be sure? I am off work today, so just come on in the house." She turned and walked towards her porch, Jimmie followed along.

Inside, she sat down in a chair and told him to go ahead and drop his trousers. He slid them down, left them around his ankles.

"OK, turn around and come here." Her voice got firmer, Jimmie did as she asked. She reached out and stripped his briefs clear down to below his knees.

Jimmie knew there was no need for her to tug them down that far, but he also wasn't stupid and was understanding.

"Yes, that looks fine. Go ahead and turn back around." She said, her voice taking a sudden change.

Jimmie did as she asked. Mrs. Marshall reached out and grasped his quickly firming erection, looked up at him with a huge smile. Somewhere in there, her blouse had came unbuttoned far enough that part of her bra and the tops of her creamy breasts were showing.

"Millie doesn't get to have all the fun, honey!" She told him.

Mrs. Marshall's efforts were excellent, even better than Millie's were, and she was in no rush at all. Finally, when she had Jimmie drained, she sat back with a smile.

"Well, I bet that was nice, Honey. Now, would you like to return the favor?"

Jimmie nodded.

Mrs. Marshal stood up, let her skirt drop to the floor. There was nothing underneath, she lay back on the couch.

Jimmie eagerly went to work licking and teasing her very hairy pussy, and she seemed to delight in that. In fact, it was over an hour later before she finally scooted away from him, unable to continue.

It was fun but strange, she never took off her blouse or her bra, and when he slipped his hand up there, she had pushed it away.

"God, that was good! I would love to fuck you, but I can't." She told him, her hand again idly slipping up and down his length, almost absentmindedly.

"Why not?" He asked.

"My husband, that is just for him. But we talked and he knows how I get, so he agreed that since he is gone sometimes for months, this would be OK if I found the right nice guy." She tittered softly at that.

"I think I found the right guy, too!" She smiled at him.

Jimmie was thinking this was strange, but what the hell.

"But, honey? If you really need to, Millie would love it! Plus I bet so would our new Doctor, she is single." Mrs. Marshal laughed.

Jimmie thought for a few minutes. Then he laughed.

This was going to be one hell of a good year.