 On August 15 on a beach in the Caribbean, Dan proposed to Jill and she told him, "Yes" almost immediately. It was the happiest day in Dan's life. They celebrate with Larry and Barbara the woman Larry was currently dating for over six months now. It looked serious between then too but Larry wasn't ready to settle down. He knew one woman would never be enough for him and therefore never got any more serious than he was right now with Barbara. 

But when Dan told him he had asked Jill to marry him ands she said yes, they partied hard and long into the night. They kept at it until both couples could hardly walk to the rental car. How the four of them ever got back to the apartment they had jointly rented was one of those mysteries in life. It was the old saying, "God watches out for drunks and little kids." 

Dan was never pleased when his lovely Jill, the love of his life, got drunk. And Dan, nerve drove when he had even one drink. And, tonight he and Jill were blitzed. So Larry got them into the car and he made it to the rental. He had to almost carry the other three into the house. Once he got Barbara into bed he went back to help Dan to the spare bedroom. He put him down on the bed easy and covered him with the spread the same as he did to Barbara. Jill was already laying on the big sofa in the living room. He left her there and went into the kitchen to make coffee. He realized they would all need some. 

When the coffee was done he sat in one of the chairs out on the balcony in the dark in his shorts and drank it. About three hours later Larry woke up when he heard a thump that sounded like it came form the living room. As he stood up he heard a low moan. When he got to the room Jill was laying on the floor moaning. He came to her and lifted her back up on the sofa, She smiled at him and said, "Want to fuck me on my engagement night Larry, seems we are alone and are that way on a bunch of special nights in our lives, your birthday last month for one. You do remember what I gave you special?"

He said, "Yea baby. I remember I remember every time we have been together since that time we met in the school café when Dan was at the funeral."

She hung on to him with her arms around his neck. She said, "I'm not drunk Larry I'm serious. Want to do me now you never know when we'll get the chance again. Danny might keep me locked up now that I told him I would marry him." 

Larry looked at Jill and could see she wasn't drunk, high a little maybe but definitely not drunk. He said, "can I ask you a question Jill?"

She said, "Sure ask away. But I know what you're going to ask. Why did I say yes if I'm going to cheat on him? Right?" He shook his head yes and then said, "He's a good guy Jill, to good for either of us that I can tell you. He loves you dearly and would do anything for you. And he is everything a friend should be to me. Why do him this way?"

She said, "Why do you?"

He said, "I guess I like your body better than I like Dan. I guess you're like a drug to my cock and I can't say no when you ask me to fuck you. Oh hell Jill I know and so do you that we're both not the marring kind. I mean I know why I do it because I want your body on my cock. But I didn't say I would marry him. For God sakes you'll break his heart one-day. I just hope it won't be when I'm with you. Why did you say yes to him?"

She smiled and said, "Larry. So blunt. OK, fair question. I said yes because I am in love with Dan. Oh I know you don't believe that especially when you're deep inside me and we are fucking each other wildly. But Dan is the closest thing I have ever been to love. I'm sure as we get older and have a few kids I'll slow down and stop cheating and then sooner or later I will be totally and only in love with him. I do plan to spend my life with him."

Larry said, "Unless he catches you with another man."

She said, "Well we'll just have to see that he doesn't. It will be your benefit as well as my own that he doesn't catch us."

Larry said, "You are the devil in bikini panties Jill. I can't let you leave and I don't want you to stay. You have some sexual hold on me and I can't say no when I see your body waiting and eager to fuck me. I mean I don't and nerve will love you Jill, but I do love your body baby."

She smiled and said, 'Go check on the two and see if they're asleep. Then meet me on the beach. Hurry. All this talk about fucking me has made me want to do it."

Larry stood up and walked into the two bedrooms. He saw them both passed out and still wrapped in the covers he had put over them. He knew they would be out cold until the sun was up and over head. Neither would wake up early unless they got sick or something. He turned and walked out to the balcony and then on the beach. He found Jill sitting in front of a palm tree covered with the throw cover from the bedroom either couple used. She saw him and waved. He came and sat next to her. She opened the cover and Larry saw her body in the moonlight, Jill was completely nude.

She handed him the cover and he helped her lay it out on the sand. She then melted into his arms and offered herself to him. In the light of the moon they touched each other with their hands and bodies as they merged together while their partners slept maybe 25 yards away in the rental.







They had been having sex with each other now for quiet some time so they both knew how to work on the other's body making it feel especially good. Larry kissed her and slowly lowered her body back on to the blanket. As she laid back on the cover she could feel the chill of the white sand under her from the evening cool down. As the wind of the Caribbean blew gently on their naked bodies now, they began to stimulate each other sexually.

They start by gently touching each other, playing with the others sex slowly. Jill's hands make gentle love to Larry's cock and balls. She was slowly and very gently stroking the shaft up of his big cock and down while her other hand cupped and held his nuts.

Larry made love her tits with both hands and his mouth and tongue. He loved her 34C breasts. Soon he had her nipples hard as little erasers and she moaned into his mouth as she felt him rolling each of them between his index finger and thumb. He gently pulled on each before putting one back into his mouth to suck. Once he had her panting, he moved and straddled her stomach with my knees moving my cock up between her breasts. She wasn't huge but her breasts were shaped and looked sensational as she lay there in front of him letting him do whatever he wanted to do to her body. Her breasts were made to fuck and suck. It always made him hard as hell to see his swollen hardon sliding up between those full breasts. But, now with the deep tan line she had, the whiteness of that part of her un-tan breasts was shining up at him in the moonlight. He felt his cock jump when he saw her that way for the first time laying under him.

Her breasts were full, sit up high and firm and were solid and soft to the touch. With long thick pinkish-red nipples that begged you to suck them. The small circles around her nipples just enhanced the length of the nipple which actually stick out at about 2 inches when fully stimulated.

She smiles up at him and pushed her breasts together as he began to pump his cock between them. The more she squeezed the more pressure she applied to his cock shaft as it slipped up and down on her chest. "Mummm baby! I love your tits." He told her.

She smiles as his cock head hits her chin. She told him, "And I love to see you big cock grow hard when I make happy this way. Like now baby. Mummm it feels like a rock between my two tits sugar. Yea, baby. Pump it faster and cum on my tits. I want to see all that white cum on my tan skin."

When he was completely hard, the tip of his cock head touches her lips and he saw and feel her tongue lick over it each time he pushed it up towards her face. As he keep pumping, she stimulated him by say things like, "Come on baby fuck my tits. Mummm! I love to see your cock head so close to my mouth. Here, let me suck on that thick cock head baby. Push it Larry , yea that's it, Mummm you taste so good. You going to cum for me? I want to see that cum shoot out your cock and all over my tits. Show me how much cum you and how bad you have wanted to cum since yesterday morning."

It was just yesterday morning when Larry and Jill found themselves alone and Dan and Barbara were taking a snorkeling lesson. So with an hour together alone they sucked each other off. But Larry wanted to fuck Jill so bad he could have screamed especially after seeing her in that very small French bikini thong. He had felt on fire all day.

Now, Larry was burning again with his lust. He had been pumping his cock faster and faster between her breasts as she stimulates him with her words and her lips and tongue. He could see her dark nipples sticking high up into the air and he pinch each one pulling on them as he pump and pump and pump his cock between them. "God my cock is so fucking hard! I feel the cum building in my nuts Jill where do you want it baby?"

She just moaned as he said, "I'm going to cum baby. Oh fuck yes. Here- it- comes- Oh - yes. Oh fuck yea. Mummmmm! F U C K! Mummmmmmm!" 

As the first shot hit her neck and chin Larry pumped his white cum out over to her tan and white skin. She released her breasts and took the big cock head into her mouth smiling as his cum flew all over her face and chest. As sucked hard he pumped into her mouth fucking it. He yelled out, "Oh GOD. That feels so fucking good Jill! Suck me! Suck my cock! Suck all my cum out."

And, as she finishes him off, he could see a smile on her face and the devil in her dark eyes. As a few cum drops slowly ran out the corners of her mouth, he finished with a pop as his cock came out from between her lips. He smiled and started to slide down her body until they were face to face. He stuck his tongue into her mouth and she sucked it like she had just sucked his cock. As they roll around on the blanket, she got him under her and moved her body quickly up until her thighs were now straddling his face. Larry just laid back and watched Jill move her lower body down closer and closer towards his face. As he look up he could see her brown tan thighs wide open as they straddle his face. He could see the bones in her legs that connect at her pussy stretched wide and that completely shaved pussy slowly lowering itself down towards his mouth. He could smell her musk as she came closer yet to his waiting lips and tongue. He could also see the small white line that separated the tan from the un-tan line that surrounded her pussy. It was less than an inch on each side. God that thong bikini only covered her actual sex. He would remember this picture all his life. His cock was growing hard again quickly. 

She moans at him as her fingers move between her legs and opened her pussy's outer lips showing him her pink insides. He watched as she inserted two fingers into her hole as he watched. She begins to finger fuck herself over his face. He could see the wetness of her pussy as it ran down her hand and he felt the first drop hit his lip. He licked it with his tongue as she watched him do it. Her pussy lips are very swollen and larger than he could ever remember them being in all the times they had done similar things to each other. Her pink insides shine down on his face as her fingers worked in and out of her hole. Larry took his fingers and began to stroke them over her pussy too. As he replaced her two fingers with two of her own, she held his hand and began to rock and pump on them as she straddled his face. God it was so sexy looking up at her cunt fucking his fingers! 

Now he felt her cunt tightening on his fingers and he knew she is about to cum. As she got closer and closer to her orgasm she told him, "Lick it baby. Lick my pussy and make it cum baby. It needs to cum so fucking back Larry. Lick me baby. Oh yes! Oh I love your mouth on me! Oh God Larry I'm cumming."

And with that she lowered her cunt down the last inch and pressed it directly on his mouth. She felt his tongue move up deeper inside her. Licking and sucking for all he was worth, Jill pumped and rocked on his mouth as she squeezed her tits and put one to her mouth. She sucked the nipple as Larry ate her into a super orgasm. As her moans got louder her body reacted to his licking and she climaxed hard on his face.

With her beautiful tan thighs straddling Larry's head her cunt was pushing down hard on his mouth and his tongue fucked her hole like a snake. She grabbed his head and hair and pulled it as she pumped for all she was worth crying softly. She wanted to scream but they were to close to the rental where her soon to be husband and Larry's girlfriend were sleeping. 

As she climaxed for the second time, she leaned back resting her arms behind her with her hands on the cover. She pushed that cunt hard into his mouth and began grinding it against his face and beginning her third orgasm. Larry sucked all of her pussy into his mouth and started humming he hit her clit and she cries out louder than she wanted too. "OH YES. Oh - fuck - yes - baby. Oh - god - eat - me.. Ohgodlickmypussy. Oh fuck.... It's sooooooo fuckinggggg goodddd babyyyyy."

Jill was humping and rotating her body all over Larry's face as he sucked all of her pussy. "Suck it harder. YES. Fuck. Harder. YEEESSSSS. YESSSS.. YESSSS.. Like that. OH fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..," she hissed at him.

As she finished she rolled off of his face and slides her wet pussy down his body until she got to his cock. With one movement she slide his hard thick cock into her pussy. This is what Larry had been waiting for now for 5 days. Seeing her almost daily with almost nothing on but that thong bikini and then seeing her coming out of the shower with only a towel wrapped around her was driving him crazy with desire for her. He knew what Jill was like in bed and he knew how good a fuck she was. 

He immediately thrust up into her and they began to fuck their brains out. His face is glazed over from all her cum. She bent down and began to lick her cum off his face as she rammed her pussy into his cock. Larry kept thrusting his hips up into her body making his cock pump her cunt like a machine. He could already feel his cum building in his nuts. They were like rocks now. Larry had to strain hard not to cum. He didn't.

She bent down and licked up his neck and around his ear whispering, "Cum for me baby. Cum in my pussy. I want your hot cum in my cunt. Oh god baby shoot your cum deep into my body and cum in me. Fuck me baby. Fuck Jill hard and cum where Dan never can reach!"

It was the last sentence that made Larry moaned with such lust that he couldn't have stop cumming now if a train ran over him. He cried out as he just couldn't hold back any longer. With one final thrust deep inside her body, Larry began to shoot load after load of cum into Jill's lovely pussy. He came hard and with enough force that he almost pass out. The feeling was unbelievable as she rocked her body around in tight little circles on his cock. He kept thrusting up inside her again and again and again. Up into that hot pink cunt, Larry's hard red cock rammed into her as his warm white cum began to be pushed out around the shaft of his cock with each thrust. She slammed her tongue deep into his mouth as they finish by him lifting them both off the cover into the air with his hips. He finished cumming and their bodies fell back on to the cover limp and wet.

They weren't finished fucking yet. Larry kept ramming into her pussy with everything he had left in his body. She was holding on to him locked in an embrace of passion and desire. Her body kept fucking him back. They were like animals as she now began to climax on his hard cock.

Larry pounded into that pussy like he had never done before. She moaned and threw her head back and cried out like a wolf an Alpha female wolf. With each thrust of his cock her pussy went crazy on his cock as her body thrust into him. He pulled her to him and rolled her over on to her back. 

He ram down into her pussy making the cum in it squirt out all over their bodies. Her pussy continued to cum and cum and cum giving her orgasm after wonderful orgasm. And her orgasms lasted a long time. Larry fucked her like an Alpha male that he was. Neither one of them wanted to stop fucking the other. They kept pumping together, matching the other movement. He looked down at her and saw that devil smile again in her face and eyes. 

She pumped that pussy with everything she in her tight beautiful body. She yells at him to fuck her harder... "Harder", she yelled! And he thrust down into her trying to push my cock out her ass hole. She pumps up at him yelling out things like, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Oh yes!! Fuck me baby.. F u c k M e ... Oh - fuck - yes just- like - that. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh JESUS! YES!"

She came one last time and locked her pussy tight around his cock and held it as her cum ran out her cunt on to her bodies and the cover under her. They collapsed together on the blanket still locked in their sexual embrace. Their bodies were covered with sweat from the fucking workout. They don't care. They didn't have the energy to move! They laid in a puddle of sweat, cum and body fluids. Larry's cock was still inside her pussy and she was still squeezes it. Larry was think, "God I love fucking this woman."

He licked her neck and bit her ear as her hands held his head and her legs held his body as they squeezed each other tightly. They both fell asleep. When the sun came up a islander came passed them and his singing woke Larry up. He jumped up quickly and pulled Jill up. Half asleep she reached for him to hold. He took her and half dragged her and half pulled her into the house slowly and very quietly. He said, "Quick take a shower, I'll clean up this mess. She ran into the shower and turned it on.

Larry ran back to the beach and took the cover. It was full of their cum and other body fluids. The other side was covered with sand stuck to the wet spots. He as shaking it and trying to get the sand off as Dan came out in his shorts. He said, "what up? What's going on?"

Larry had to think fast. He said, "Hey Dan how you feeling? Someone threw up on this cover last night. Hell as drunk as I was it could have been me."

Dan said, "Well leave it folded up for the mail she should be here soon." He looked at his watch and said, "Holy shit it's almost 11AM. Man did we party last night or what?"

Larry laughed and then held his head. He said, "Or what! Man do I have a headache. Must have been the limes in my drinks"

Dan said, 'We should all eat something."

As he said that, Jill came out dressed in hr bikini with a throw over it. It didn't matter the throw was a fish net and the men could see her well-defined shapely ass. Dan pulled her to him and said. "Mumm you smell good. You OK? Not sick or anything baby?"

She smiled and said, "I slept like a baby but someone was outside and they were having sex. I could hear them moaning and groaning half he night."

Larry said, "Well I guess I should go check on Barbara to see if she is still alive."

Dan said, OK! But dinner and drinks are on me tonight, it's our engagement party. Right Jill?" She hugged him and stood on her toes to kiss him. When they separated she said, "Yes Larry. You and Barb have to celebrate with us. OK?"

Larry said, "OK!" as he walked into the rental home and into the bedroom where Barbara was in a fetal position wrapped in a the other blanket.

That night Dan and Jill celebrated their engagement to each other with Larry and Barb. They had a great dinner and the best wine they had. Then where they got back to the house the two couples separated and went into their respective bedrooms. As the night moved on Larry and Barb had sex, Dan and Jill made love. But everyone heard Jill cry out as she had her first orgasm of the night. Barbara said, :Jesus she really gets off doesn't she?"
