 Jason stepped out into the darkening October sky, feeling a slight chill go down his spine as he zipped up his jacket. He had lived in the northeast all his life, and yet the drastic drop in the temperature that inevitably took place each fall still managed to get to him a little bit each year. He looked at his watch. It was 7:52. Reluctantly, he slung his bag of books over his shoulder and started his way across campus, already cursing himself for skipping class the day partners were chosen for group presentations. 

Fortunately for him, he figured that by starting early enough on the project, he'd be able to get the work done with or without the help of his partner, who he had already assumed wouldn't be much help. It wasn't that he minded working with Jillian, she was fun to look at, but her work ethic left something to be desired. They knew each other from mutual classes so she wasn't a stranger. The stories of her taking full advantage of her sorority's deep files on various classes were rather well known within the communications department.

He himself was no saint, having taken advantage of his status as the captain of the school's baseball team to fudge his way out of more than a few assignments. However, when it came to classes within his major, sports communications, he felt it necessary to put forth the full amount of effort. So, it was with reluctance that he made his way down the sidewalk, only the sounds of a few other students making their way across campus, and a few stray leaves crunching beneath his feet. 

Another breeze blew across campus, forcing him to zip his jacket up a little bit further over his chest. He pulled his baseball cap down, barely giving his dark green eyes enough room to see the street in front of him, and completely covering his short dark hair. His relatively slender six foot, two inch frame filled out his jeans and his t-shirt under the jacket nicely, and he quietly reminded himself to get up early in the morning to go for a run after blowing it off to work on the project. 

After running all of these things over in his head, the project, his workout, his lack of patience for Jillian, who he barely knew, he looked up and surprised himself by realizing that he was already standing in front of her off campus house. It was her suggestion that they work there because they would have more space and be away from the general congestion that came with working in an on-campus lab. Making his way up the steps, he gave a few quick taps on the door and waited, turning his back to the door, watching traffic crawl down the street. 

After a moment or so, Jillian answered the door, wearing a tight pair of jeans and a form fitting t-shirt that was partially covered by an unzipped hooded sweatshirt. Jason caught himself noting how well the outfit showed off her ample curves. She was only about five and a half feet tall, with shoulder-length dirty blonde hair, and pale blue eyes. In the background Jason could hear the radio playing, and a few lights on in the living room. It was a house she shared with two of her sorority sisters, and was relatively spacious, with all of the bedrooms being upstairs, and a living room, dining room, and kitchen downstairs. 

"I was starting to wonder if you were going to find the place" She smirked, taking a mock peek down at her watch as she stepped away from the door to let him in. 

"Sorry" Jason cracked, lowering the bag from his shoulder onto a couch "I didn't realize you lived in a different area code from campus"

"Anyway" She huffed, plopping back on the opposite couch, her laptop already open on the coffee table "Let's see what we can get done tonight, and soon, I have a chapter meeting at 10."

"Awesome. This should be fun" he said, sarcasm dripping from every word. He sat himself down on the couch, fishing in his bag for his notebook. Unzipping his coat and setting it aside, he looked up to see her glaring at him. 

"Listen" she said sternly, her eyes almost slicing through him. "I'm not a fan of doing this project with a partner either, but I also have other things to do, so we'll just both have to deal, won't we?"

He bit his tongue, gazing back at her from under the brim of his hat, "No, Jillian, you're right, we both need this grade, so let's just make the best of the situation." He had told himself just to be the bigger man, and avoid arguing with her to keep things moving. 

So far, it was working. Her gaze finally softened after a moment, and she set her pen down on the table. "You're right." She said. "I apologize, I shouldn't have snapped, things have been totally crazy since I got social chair for the sorority."

He shrugged, shaking his head, reaching slowly into his bag for a pen, "It's not a problem, I get like that too, between school and ball and everything else." He sighed, looking back up at her, "Alright, so what are we doing this thing on?" The same day that partners were assigned, topics were as well, so he got no input into that. 

She giggled a little, sounding almost childish "Well, since the class is Gender Communication, obviously we needed to look at doing something regarding how men communicate with women. I figured since you were a jock, I'd pick something you'd be comfortable with, so we're doing it on male athletes and their relationships with women, you know groupies and stuff like that. I was amazed, there was a lot of research done on the subject, so it shouldn't be too hard" She grinned with the satisfaction of someone who had done more work than she knew her partner expected. 

He just shook his head, not sure how to react to this statement. "Listen, you must be thinking of the pro athletes, I'm just a college guy, we barely travel anywhere, we don't have groupies, so I don't know why you think that would be high on my list of things to do a presentation on."

She just gave a little laugh, her eyes showing a little mischief now "Come on Jase, like you haven't thought about what it would be like to have a girl in every town you guys play in." Her gaze lowered a little, "or at least a girl in every sorority house on campus."

The comment about "a girl in every sorority house gave him pause. He leaned forward on the couch a little, shaking his head, "I'm sorry if that's what you think of me, but it's not the case, we're not all like that."

She pushed a few strands of hair from her face, resting her hands on her lap, then clapping them together, "No, I know you aren't, I'm just busting your balls, let's get to work."

He nodded, shifting forward on the couch to look at the laptop as she turned it sideways, almost unplugging it. "Here, she said, just sit here so we don't have to keep jacking the computer around."

Jason complied, sliding off of the couch, settling back down on the couch next to her, accidentally letting his leg brush hers as he sat, trying to get a good look at the screen. Jillian made no effort to move away, but didn't react either, instead choosing to point out a few statistics on the screen. 

"You can see here where more than 60% of the athletes that were interviewed admitted to some degree of infidelity." She stated matter-of-factly, pausing to look at him. " Why do you think that is?"

He sighed again, rubbing his hand over his eyes. This was becoming more and more trying. He looked at the clock. It was 8:17. He took a deep breath, and replied, "I don't know Jillian, probably because men, when presented with a can't miss sexual opportunity, will jump all over it."

An odd smile crossed Jillian's face, her full lips upturned slightly as she tilted his head, evaluating his comment. "I guess you're right." She replied. "I guess I never really thought about it in those terms." She stood, smiling down at him, stretching her arms above her head, arching her back slightly, her firm full chest straining at her t-shirt. "I'm going to grab a beer, want one?"

Jason shrugged, "That's cool, One won't hurt I'm sure." He looked around the room as she slipped out to the kitchen, noting that it was rather quite in the house, especially for a house with three girls living in it. She returned with two open bottles, taking a moment to lean over him and set it on a coaster on the table. Her hair brushed against his cheek as she leaned down, and he caught himself inhaling her sweet scent, and finding it much more alluring than he expected it to. 

She stepped back around the couch, moving to settle softly back into the cushions next to him. Their legs touched each other's again. She had removed her sweatshirt, and now was wearing only a t-shirt. After a brief moment, she ran her hand back through her hair, tucking it behind her ear, then turned to him. 

"So, what were we talking about? The fact that guys will take any opportunity that comes their way?" She stated bluntly, staring him right in the eye. Her face couldn't have been more than a few inches from his. 

"Well," He started, suddenly searching for words, "there's more too it than that, Jillian, I mean, at least for me, there needs to be some level of interest, you know?" He wasn't sure where this conversation was going, but he wasn't about to stop it. She had placed her bottle on the table and had turned to face him, her leg still resting lightly against his. 

"Sure, I know what you mean, but then, I'm a girl, I don't just throw myself at anyone." She stated plainly, her voice dropping a little, letting a hand slide off of her lap to his knee. Starting again, Jillian queried "and for some reason I don't understand, I have this sudden interest in you, can you explain that to me?"

Jason found himself surprised by the directness of her questioning. He looked at the clock. It was 8:39. Pausing, he turned, realizing again how sweet and innocent she looked right now. He bit his lower lip and he began, "Listen, Jillian, I'm flattered, really, and I think that it's probably because we have known each other for a couple of years now, without ever really knowing each other. I'm kind of feeling the same way though, to be honest." He surprised himself even with these words, but he could honestly say that she had impressed him more than he had expected, and not just with her body, not that he could tear himself away from staring at it. He gathered his breath, "Listen, you're very attractive, but I'd just want to make sure of things that's all."

Jillian laughed slightly, then pulled her hand away before standing, "Listen, Jason, I understand, I'm not asking you to get married or anything like that, I just find you very attractive and interesting, that's all." She paused, then commented, "hang on, I hear my cell phone ringing, I'll be right back." With that, she turned on her heel and jogged upstairs. 

Sighing, Jason leaned back into the couch cushions. He paused for a moment, ran his hands over his eyes, and his mind raced. He couldn't stop himself from thinking about how she looked, her words, her demeanor. Jason wondered if he was making a mistake passing on this opportunity, especially considering how hot she looked right now. He looked at the clock. It was now 8:52. He wondered what he should say, how to act when she came downstairs again. Girls were such a mystery.

Jillian solved the mystery for him. 

There wasn't much to think about. 

She descended the staircase again, this time having shed a lot more than a sweatshirt. She crossed the room wearing only a white lace bra and skimpy thong. The lack of clothing revealed a well-toned body, bronzed from thrice-weekly trips to the tanning bed, and a small silver loop hanging from her navel. She strode wordlessly across the room, standing before him, hands on her hips. Her nipples were already taut, and slightly peeking through the white lace. A smile crossed her face. This one wasn't as innocent. 

"Well," she said breathlessly, "Here I am Jason, yours for the taking. What do you think?"

Jason was speechless. What could he say? He let a few words fumble around in his mouth, unable to coherently form a sentence. Finally, he sat up, touching a hand lightly to hers, not quite pulling on it, managing a thought into words, "amazing Jillian, simply amazing."

She giggled, sounding even more like a little girl now, "Good, I was hoping you'd say that." Smirking, she leaned down, "one problem though, Jason."

"What's that?" He replied.

"Those clothes, they've simply got to go. I'm sorry." She said playfully, kneeling down on the couch, pulling at his t-shirt, pulling it from his jeans, pushing it off over his head and throwing it to the side. Without arguing, he leaned up as she moved for his jeans slowly undoing the belt, loosening it, then drawing down the zipper, pushing them to the floor, forcing his socks off with her feet. This left him in only his boxer briefs, sitting before her. 

"Well, that was quick." He deadpanned. "Good to see you don't waste any time."

"Jason," she mocked, "I told you I have a chapter meeting at ten, so I don't have time for games." With that she slide onto his lap, straddling him, pushing him back against the cushions of the couch. Her arms slid around his neck, linking her hands behind him, placing her lips to his for their first kiss.

He didn't fight it. He couldn't, nor did he want to. His hands went instinctively to her hips, grasping them lightly, sliding them up her sides as the kiss deepened. He parted his lips with hers, expertly taking her tongue against his, feeling the soft curves of her lips on his. Pausing, but only momentarily, he moved his hands to her back, then her shoulders, enjoying every inch of her skin before letting them play in her hair. 

A soft moan escaped her lips as his hands teased over her skin. She could feel the tingles as she arched into him, wanting him so badly already, her hands moving to his shoulders, then gliding down his firm chest, pushing her tongue wantonly into his mouth, wanting to taste him so badly. She could feel the wetness growing between her legs as she started to rock her hips instinctively over his crotch.

He felt her rocking against him slightly, amazed at how well her body fit to his, even in this almost fully upright position. Jason's hands traveled down her back, wanting to free those breasts from their final confines once and for all. He unclasped her from behind, pushing the straps off her shoulders and tossed it on the pile with his shirt and jeans. Taking his hands up her torso, he mimicked her movements on his chest until he reached her nipples, taking each between her thumb and index finger, teasing them lightly. 

Chills went down her spine as her nipples sprang to attention in his tender grasp. She moaned lightly into his mouth, never breaking the kiss, grabbing his hands with hers, reaching and placing them both firmly on her ass, thrusting against him, pushing her full chest against his, letting her nipples graze across his skin. 

Finally breaking from her lips, he turned his attention to her exposed neck, gently locking his lips on it, inhaling her sweet scent. His fingers trailed down her spine gently, his mouth finding her shoulder, and then moved back to her neck. He hooked a thumb inside the waistband of her thong, his voice low and rough from the quickening of his breath, "God, Jillian, you're so hot. I have to have you now."

Her body ached for him now, her hands caressing once through his short dark hair, pressing her mouth hotly to his. 

"Jason, seriously, I can't wait anymore either." With that her hands went between them, taking her boxer briefs in her hands, pulling them down quickly. He lifted his hips, helping her pull them off. She stood and tossed them aside, grinning at him. Her gaze went invariably to his thick length. It was at full attention, and seemed to almost beckon to her. She licked her lips and slowly drew her thong down from her hips, kicking it into the pile. 

It was now his turn to stare. She was neatly trimmed, with only a small patch of light brown hair in a neat strip just above her moistening mound. Biting his lower lip, he reached to her, his voice low, almost a groan, "Seriously, Jillian, come here, I need to have this right now."

She giggled, slowly moving back into a position with each of her legs outside of his. Her voice reduced to a sultry whisper, she breathed into his ear, "I'm so ready for you right now Jason, please, let me have you."

Testing her words, he gently took his finger and ran it along the length of her slit, feeling a growing wetness there. He paused, drew the finger to his lips, sucking it lightly into his mouth. His voice was low as he savored her sweet taste on his finger, "Yes, I think you are ready Jillian."

Jillian laughed, then reached down, took one small hand and guided it along the length of his shaft, grinning as she looked into his eyes, "I think we're both more than ready, so let's stop talking about it." With that, she pushed her lips back onto his tightly, grasped his thick head, and gently eased it between her moist lips, twitching slightly as it's thickness stretched her initially. It's been far too long, she thought to herself.

Jason wasted little time enjoying the moist wetness of her folds. He arched his hips, feeling his thickness push fully into her, groaning as he did so. His hands found her taut backside, gripping it tightly, biting his lower lip as he broke the kiss and gazed up to her face, loving the contorted look of passion on it. Gripping her rear-end tightly, he moved his lips to hers, and kissed softly. 

Her breathing turned rhythmic now, as she reached her hands behind him, gripping the back of the couch, using it to rock against them. They seemed to move in rhythm now, their bodies working in unison towards a mutual pleasure. Soft moans escaped her chest by way of her mouth, and her eyes flitted shut, pushing herself forward to tease her nipples on his chest again. She pushed her hips down, making sure that she had his full length now enveloped by her moist sexpot. She bit her lips, taking one hand off the sofa, moving it down between her legs. Gently, she found her nub, teasing it gently against her fingers, easing it back and forth, curving her hips to allow his shaft to glide against it.

Jason felt her hand travel between them, knowing what she was doing, feeling her find her sweet nub, he moved on hand to her shoulder, gripping her and forcing her down on all the way on his length. He groaned as he did this, pushing up against her, feeling the heat between them growing, the sound of their skin meeting over and over again filling the room. 

She moaned softly, feeling his hands roaming about her, the pleasure rippling through her more and more now. The struggle within her began. She wanted to cum so badly for him, but didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing her could get her off. Leaning to his ear she moaned softly, her voice filled with lust, "Jason, I'm so close baby, s-s-so close." It was almost a squeal at that point. 

His own thoughts were becoming blurred by the passion, her words spurring him to arch up against her even more strongly now, his hands gripping her ass tightly. Finally, he moved one to the back of her head, cupping it gently. He pulled her ear to his mouth, his voice very low at this point, "Jillian, I'm so close too baby, I want to fill you so badly."

With those words, combined with the constant stroking of her nub, and the fullness of him with in her, she took away the choice from herself. Jillian threw her head back, gripped his head, pulled it to her chest, and moaned his name loudly as she came. The waves of pleasure ripped through her, her hands slipped to his shoulders, her nails dug into the skin there as she held herself down on the full length.

Her orgasm came so quickly that it almost startled him to the point that he didn't finish with her. As her hips rocked so wildly against his, Jason felt his own orgasm tremble within him. He braced himself against Jillian's chest, moaned loudly, and began the sweet release inside her. His body arched against her as he moved his hips in time with hers, each pump from his hips bringing another wave of his sweet cream inside of her. 
