 I was in Colorado on business and was having a drink in the hotel bar at the end of the day. I noticed a woman in a fur coat walk in and sit at the bar. She was very attractive. She had long, curly light brown hair, a strong jaw line and a nice figure. It looked like she was pretty well-endowed on top. In addition to the long, white fur coat she had on black leather go-go boots, a split skirt and a turtleneck. From the amount of gold and diamond jewelry she was wearing I could tell someone was taking pretty good care of her. Even so I thought I would talk her up a little. You never can tell what might happen. I moved to the stool next to her and struck up a conversation. She told me her name was Victoria and she was supposed to meet someone—I assumed it was her boyfriend—at the hotel but he had not shown up yet. She had mischievous hazel eyes. You got the impression when she turned them on you that she was about to do something naughty. 

We were getting along pretty good. I paid her a lot of compliments. I have found women really like that kind of thing. 

Her cell phone rang. I couldn't hear much of the conversation because she turned her head away from me to talk but I got the impression it was her boyfriend calling. I also got the impression that he wasn't coming.

"God damn asshole," she said after she hung up.

"What?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing. Do you want to get out of here?"

"Sure," I replied. "Where to?"

"Let's go to my room."

As we rode up the elevator I caught a better whiff of her perfume. She even smelled expensive.

Once inside her room she told me to make myself comfortable while she went into the bathroom to change.

I took a seat by the window and sat there admiring the lights of the city. 

"Do you like?" she asked, jarring me out of my contemplations.

I turned. She was standing outside the bathroom in a sheer black body suit. 

"That's unbelievably hot," I replied.

She smiled, turned and latched the dead bolt and hooked the chain on the door.

She slowly walked toward me. Her tits were huge. They must have been 38 DD's at least. I thought they would rip right through the sheer body stocking.

She got on her knees in front of my chair.

"Do you think I'm sexy?" she asked as she reached for my belt.

"Oh, yeah," I said.

"You have to tell me how sexy I am if you want me to suck your cock," she told me.

"You have to be about the hottest woman in Colorado," I began. "You've got such beautiful curly hair and gorgeous blue eyes. You have breasts a porn star would die for. They are so big and full. I could titty-fuck them all night. You've got a killer ass. And those lips---damn, I want to taste those nice, full lips of yours."

"Oh, yeah. These lips?" With that she kissed me. "You want to taste these lips?"

"Yeah, baby."

Before long we were tonguing each other's mouth. While this was going on her hands were busy unbuckling my belt and pulling my pants down.

"Mmmm, very nice," she said as she wrapped her hand around my cock.

She went down on me, slowly working her tongue around the head and then licking up and down the shaft. She got it nice and wet. As she put it in her mouth she looked up at me. She really did have the look of someone who was going to do something naughty. She began to suck it as her hand slowly stroked up and down the base. She was clearly enjoying herself as she settled into a nice, easy rhythm. It felt like she was sucking me more for her own enjoyment than to try to get me to cum. 

After what seemed like a half an hour she stopped sucking.

"So, you want to fuck my titties, do you?" she asked.

"Oh, yes. Let me at them."

She lowered the top of her body suit. Then she leaned over and enveloped my dick with her tits. She began to rub them and down. Every time the head of my cock came out she would lick it. The feeling of her breasts squeezing my cock was incredible. 

"I really do want to do this all night," I said.

"Oh, no baby," she replied. "I want you in me. You're not going to believe how good that will feel."

She got up, removed the rest of her body suit and got into bed. I shed my clothes and joined her.

I positioned myself between her legs. I was happy to see that her muff was shaved except for a narrow "landing strip" on top. I had to taste her pussy. With one hand I spread her pussy lips apart. I stuck my tongue in and started to lick up and down. She shivered with pleasure. As I continued to lick her clit she began to moan and placed her hands on the back of my head. After I got her nice and wet, I stuck my tongue in as far as it would go and starting flicking it across her clitoris. She moaned even louder. She was shaking from the pleasure my mouth was giving her. With one hand I reached up and grabbed one of her awesome tits. It was so big and spongy. I cupped my hand over her nipple and felt it harden. 

She pulled at me.

"Oooh, give it to me!" she demanded in a husky whisper.

I moved up to rub my cock against her pussy lips a few times. She grabbed it and guided it into her love hole. She was ready. She was very ready. Her cunt was so wet and hot my cock slid right in. I began to fuck her, then, slowly and rhythmically. Her legs were hooked over the back of mine. All the while she was looking right at me with those mischievous eyes and making "O" expressions with her mouth.

This woman was incredibly sexy. And what a love maker. I could see how a man would buy her whatever she wanted to be able to keep doing what I was doing right then. 

Our lovemaking heated up. I started to pump into her harder. With each thrust her breasts would flop back and forth under me. 

She was holding me tighter. I could tell her orgasm was going to hit before too long. I was close, too. Her pussy was so hot my cock was about burning up. When I felt I was very close to cumming I propped myself up on my toes. It's a little trick I have to put me higher on the woman so my cock would be rubbing against her clitoris as I pumped in and out. She screamed with pleasure as she felt me against her clit. 

Before long I was cumming, shooting deep into this love doll's sex box. When she felt it she orgasmed, too, saying "Aaaah, aaaah, aaaah" over and over .as multiple waves of orgasm hit her.

Afterwards, we lay in post-coital bliss for close to an hour. Then I explained I had to be getting back to my own room as I had an early flight the next day.

"If I stay with you all night," I explained, "I won't be worth anything tomorrow."

"Before you go I have a gift for you," she answered.

With that she applied some deep red lipstick and kissed me right above my dick, leaving a clear outline of her lips. Then, using the lipstick, she wrote "To a wonderful lover" over the lips.

Whenever I get back to Colorado, I think about that night and keep one eye out for that sexpot in the white fur coat.