 She stood very close. Right in his personal space close. Her heart beat wildly as she wondered for the thousandth time what exactly she was doing? She wasn't this bold. Ever. 

She leaned in a little, staring up at him through thick lashes. "Tony?" She whispered, just far enough away that he couldn't kiss her. 

"Yes?" he gasped, surprised at her sudden boldness. 

"How old are you?" she asked. 

He blinked. That probably wasn't the question he'd been expecting. "42."

She nodded. Her little 25 year old heart beat faster. "Married?"

"Divorced," he answered, his breath catching a little. She was leaning into him now. He could see the tops of her creamy breasts down her pale blue blouse. 

"Do you want to fuck me?"

"God yes," Tony growled before snatching her slight frame into his arms and kissing her hard. 

Jillian kissed him back for a fraction of a second before pushing against his chest. "Not here," she hissed, glancing around. She didn't want to be a source of gossip with her co-workers. 

"What are you doing Saturday?" she asked. 

He gave her a lopsided grin. "You?"

She smiled back at him - the same fresh, innocent smile he'd first been attracted to. "Here's my number. Text me," she told him before retreating back into her office. 

Once she sat down Jill blew out a long breath. She had never been so forward with a man. Where had that seductive vixen come from?

True, the sexual tension between her and Tony had been building for months now. He was a vendor for the company she worked for and she was part of the the accounting department that processed his invoices and cut his checks. 

It had started innocently enough. He would come through her office to drop a new invoice off and then wander down to see her boss who happened to be a long time friend of his. Then he'd started asking her how she was and making small talk and then they'd started teasing each other and one day Jill had suddenly realized it was no longer innocent. It had suddenly occurred to her that all those times he'd asked her to lunch and she'd thought he was joking he was not. And all the times he'd call to harass her on the phone was his way of flirting. In fact, the more she thought about it the more she called into question every conversation they'd ever had. 

Then suddenly she couldn't see him any way else. Once she'd noticed how charming and sexy he was, there had been no going back. She'd even started have erotic dreams about him. Finally, she'd decided to take the risk since he clearly wasn't going to. Jill figured his hesitation probably stemmed from their clear age difference and so, when he'd walked out of her office that day, she'd followed him into the break room. 

That was where the vixen had taken over, despite Jill's nervousness. And Tony had kissed her!

Her lips still tingled from the feeling of his lips pressed hard against hers. Her nipples were still hard under her bra. But for the life of her, Jill couldn't figure out exactly what drew her to him. 

Tony was an attractive man for sure. His hair was graying but it made him look distinguished, not old. He seemed massive, standing at 6'4, with a large build that had probably belonged to a football player in high school, warm brown eyes edged with laugh lines, and large, rough, workman's hands. She didn't know why but her pussy always twitched a little when he was near.

And his kiss had about knocked her off her feet! Her knees still shook and she could feel a damp spot on her panties. Could she even wait until Saturday?

Once Jill got home she immediately pulled out her vibrator and sprawled out on her bed. She closed her eyes and imagined Tony's kiss. And the way his hands had fiercely gripped her waist. The way it felt like he wanted to consume her there in the break room. Professionalism be damned!

She was wet almost immediately and she switched the vibrator on before sliding it into her slit. The vibrations made her groan as she moved it over her labia, her other hand coming up to pinch her nipple. It would be Tony's hand pinching her nipple in a day and a half. And Tony would be sliding his rough fingers through her juices. 

In her head, it was his finger that slid into her as she slid the vibrator into her folds. Her hips bucked of their own volition as she assumed a steady pace. She could almost feel the weight of him on top of her, pressing her into the mattress. She could feel the way he'd kiss her deeply even while driving his finger even deeper into her soaking cunt. Jill moaned as she came, thrusting the vibrator as deep as she could. And immediately fell into a restful sleep

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jillian brushed her hair back, took a deep breath to still her nerves, and pressed the small button for the doorbell. Her heart was in her throat and she thought she might be sick. She was so nervous. This wasn't her style. A one time thing. She wasn't a prude by any means but she'd never had sex outside of a relationship. Still, she knew if she didn't have Tony soon she'd combust.

Her hands were shaking. 

Just as she was getting ready to bolt back to her car, Tony swung open the door. He filled the door frame and she was momentarily frozen as she took in his worn jeans and white tee shirt. He made the causal look seem unbelievably sexy. He grinned at her, the laugh lines around his eyes deepening. The grin sent a twinge of pleasure through her. 

"Jillian," he said. Her name had never sounded so erotic. "You look beautiful."

Jill felt herself blush as he led her into the living room. She'd taken her time getting ready this morning. Her red hair had a slight curl and she'd been careful with her makeup. She had a naturally clear complexion so she never needed much but she'd added a little bit of a cat eye to make her blue eyes pop. She'd chosen a casual mint sundress that was equal parts sweet and sexy. The spaghetti straps tied on her shoulders and it was a modest length, but in the right light one could just discern the soft pink of her nipples beneath the thin cotton. 

She stood awkwardly in the middle of his living room, unsure how to proceed. Tony owned his company and it showed in the large home with its white crown molding, and marble framed fireplace. There was a huge sectional sofa filling half the room and an equally huge television was mounted on one wall. She felt small in comparison, suddenly unsure of his interest in her. 

"Would you like a drink?" Tony asked from behind her. 

She jumped a little. "No thanks," Jill managed. She turned to face him. "I don't... I've never done this before," she told him on a strained laugh. 

Tony took a seat on the sofa. "Come here Jillian," he told her. 

She walked over to him, perching on the edge of the couch next to him. 

He chuckled. "Relax. Where is that seductress that cornered me in the break room?"

"Someone had to make a move," Jill replied. 

He stared into her eyes intently, as if drinking her in. One hand touched her cheek lightly. "I'm glad you did."

Then he pulled her into a kiss. It wasn't hard the way their first kiss had been but it was firm and insistent. Her body reacted immediately, leaning closer and kissing him back. She rested a hand on his chest as their lips melded together. His hands ran down her sides, his thumbs barely brushing against her already sensitive breasts.

All doubt fled her mind. She wanted this. She wanted Tony. Even if it was only today, which was what they had mutually decided, she wanted to feel him. Feel her dreams become reality. 

Jill pressed into the kiss, sliding her arms around him. He pulled her in, kissing her harder, their tongues battling for dominance. Tony's hands slid under her ass, lifting her just enough to settle her into his lap. His kiss was different than any other she'd ever experienced. This wasn't a horny 20 something eager to get her in bed, pawing at her awkwardly. This was a man who was hungry and knew what he wanted to devour. He'd devour her if she let him. 

"Tony," she gasped, pulling away from him. His hands were gripped her ribs, his thumbs almost brushing against her hard nipples. "One more thing." She had to get this out before things went too much further. 

"Hmm?" he groaned, kissing a trail down her neck and starting across her collar bone. 

She tipped her head back without even thinking, giving him better access. She could feel the bulge in his pants under her legs. He was so intoxicating...

Focus! she told herself sharply. 

"I'm not on the pill," she told him. 

His mouth returned to hers, hungrier than ever. "I've had a vasectomy."

The words were a sweet relief. She nipped his bottom lip playfully. 

"In that case, I want to know what you want." That inner vixen was coming through again. She could feel the boldness spreading through her. 

"Isn't it obvious what I want?" Tony replied, one thumb finally grazing over her nipple. 

Jillian gasped with pleasure, losing her place in the conversation. His large hand covered her breast, making the full B cup seem small in comparison. He rubbed his rough palm over her taunt nipple through the thin cotton dress before pushing the strap off her shoulder and freeing her breast. 

He grumbled an approving sound at the sight of her pale breast and pink nipple. Tony leaned in a gently flicked his tongue over the sensitive peak causing Jill to arch her back into him. He kissed her swollen breast before sucking the nipple into his mouth. Jill whimpered against him. 

Suddenly she remembered what she'd been trying to ask earlier.She pushed his head away from her tit and gave him a devilish grin. 

"I know what you want. What I meant was, what do you like? I want to make you happy," she told him, her voice huskier than she ever thought possible. She gave him the sexiest look she could muster. 

Tony kissed her neck again. "Hmm... Let's see," he said between kisses. "My two favorite things are oral..."

Jill smiled and started to wriggle off his lap. He caught her by the arms with a chuckle. "No, I mean I like giving oral." Jill froze, her heart jumping into her throat. But Tony continued, "But my favorite thing is hearing my name when you come."

"Well you'll have to earn that," Jill countered.

In one quick move Tony had her sprawled beneath him on the couch. He loomed over her, his huge body covering hers. "Oh I plan on it," he growled, his hand tracking down her side to the hem of her dress. Without hesitation he slid his hand up her leg and found her lace covered mound. Jill knew he could feel her wetness through the lace.

"Mmmm, I bet you're going to taste delicious," he told her, edging his body lower. 

Jill whimpered. "No, Tony, don't. Please," she gasped. 

He frowned up at her, suddenly sensing her discomfort. "What's wrong? You don't want me to eat you?"

Jill's heart raced and she felt a flush creep into her cheeks. The same old embarrassment she'd been suffering from for years. She shook her head.

His hand slid out from beneath her dress. "What's the matter?" he asked gently, kissing her nose and then her lips. 

"It was ... I mean, I had a bad experience once," she stammered. One of his large hands was holding her breast, his thumb drawing lazy circles around her nipple while he waited for her to continue. Jill couldn't meet his eyes. "He... He acted like it was the most disgusting thing he'd ever put in his mouth," she finally explained in a rush. 

Tony froze above her. "Look at me," he demanded, his tone hard. Jillian reluctantly did so. His jaw was clenched in anger and face had darkened. "That was a boy. A child. He didn't deserve to taste you." He paused to consider her. "You've never had sex with a man before have you?"

"My boyfriends..." she started to explain but he cut her off. 

"I am not a boy. And right now I am not a friend. I am a man who is going to fuck you the way every woman deserves to be fucked. Do you understand?" 

The darkness in his voice sent shivers straight to her pussy. "Yes," Jillian answered. 

"Good," he replied before kissing her hard. Suddenly she was being lifted off the couch. Tony was standing and she eagerly wrapped her legs around his waist. "We're going to do this right then," he told her, carrying her towards the stairs. Tony kissed her all the way to the top, carrying her up the stairs with ease. He pushed into the master bedroom where he sat her down only long enough to pull her dress off over her shoulders and then he pushed her back onto the bed. 

Tony stood above her now. He took in her sprawled, mostly naked form on his bed. She was so small compared to him. Although she stood at 5'7, her frame was thin and bird like. Her pale skin was dusted with freckles and her red hair spread out like a halo of fire on his comforter. She was so beautiful. His cock throbbed in his pants. 

He knelt on the mattress, one knee between her legs, and kissed his way up her stomach to her mouth. He really couldn't get enough of her mouth. Jill responded by gripping his shoulders and pulling him to her. He could smell her sex, her need for him. This little girl was driving him wild. 

"I am going to taste you now. And I'm not going to stop until you've come for me. Okay?" He whispered against her mouth. 

Jill nodded nervously and watched him kiss his way back down her torso. He stopped to suckle her breasts for a moment which brought a moan from her. Her hips were already beginning to move in anticipation. She'd never come from oral sex before. After her embarrassment she'd rarely let anyone down there for long anyway, but something told her that Tony was not a man to be stopped.

He kissed the soft white lace that covered her mound before slowly sliding the panties down her legs and dropping them to the floor. "Spread your legs," he commanded. Slowly, Jill obeyed. Her chest heaved with every breath as she watched him inspect her pussy. 

Her labia was puffy and swollen with arousal. The soft lips parted invitingly before him. Tony could see her wetness, her arousal. "This might be the most beautiful pussy I've ever seen," he told her honestly. Then he met her eyes and very slowly lowered his mouth to her mound. 

The sight was so erotic that Jill lay hypnotized. She was perfectly still until his tongue flicked over the sensitive button of her clit. She jerked away from him and Tony immediately wrapped his arms around her legs and pulled her hips toward him. 

Tony buried his face in her soaking pussy with such force that Jill let out a surprised yelp. His tongue lapped at her with long firm strokes and his teeth grazed over her clit. She writhed underneath him. The way he drank her in was unlike anything she'd ever felt.

And he was talented. 

Tony seemed to instinctively know where all her most sensitive places were. He licked and sucked and pressed his tongue into her opening until she thought she was going to explode. She couldn't be still if her life depended on it. Her hands kept gripping the sheets and her head thrashed back and forth. She didn't know how long he continued his torture. 

Then she felt Tony shift, releasing one hip so he could slip a finger into her dripping cunt. That was when Jill came. She cried out and closed her legs around his head. Tony didn't stop sucking her clit or rubbing his finger against her G-spot as she came, prolonging and intensifying her orgasm.

Finally, after an eternity of pleasure, Jill collapsed onto the bed. Her legs relaxed from their vice-grip on Tony's head and he pulled away from her cunt with a satisfied smirk. 

"You're delicious," he said, leaning over to kiss her.She could taste herself on him and she thought nothing had ever tasted sweeter. 

"But I didn't hear my name. I guess that means I'll have to try harder." With that he flipped her over onto her stomach. 

Jill was already dizzy with pleasure. Her skin hummed every time her touched her or kissed her. She whimpered and wriggled her hips. She needed him inside her. 

"Don't move," he whispered in her ear. He stood to the side of the bed and stripped his clothes off. Jill couldn't help but admire his broad chest and strong arms. He was in remarkable shape for a forty two year old. His chest had a small spattering of salt and pepper colored hair that made his look a bit like a . Then he dropped his pants and she gasped. 

His cock stretched proudly toward her. It wasn't as huge as she saw on porn, but it was proportionate to the rest of him. Long and thick, it was rock hard and pre-cum oozed out of it's head. 

Tony climbed back on top of her, pushing her legs together and straddling her. His cock pressed against her soft ass as he bent forward and wrapped one arm around her shoulders. Their bodies were pressed together as he moved his hips, probing between her legs until the head of his cock found her entrance. 

"I'm going to fuck you now," he growled in her ear. Jillian shuddered beneath him. In one hard thrust he buried his think rod into her wet depths. She was even tighter than he'd imagined and he let out a low moan. "Jesus Jillian. You're so tight." She whimpered her response. 

Slowly he started moving in and out of her. Her pussy contracted around him every time he thrust inside her. He took his time, letting the pressure build for them both. She was so tight that he was finding it difficult to concentrate. 

Jill had never felt so consumed. He was holding her against him with one arm as he slid in and out of her from behind. Tony was covering every inch of her body, possessing her. Owning her. Tony was in her and on her and all around her. She was trapped between his massive body and the bed. She felt his other hand wedge under her hips and then a finger was rubbing against her clit. 

"Oh god," she moaned. He rubbed harder. 

Jill could feel him getting thicker inside her. His pace increased as he began ramming into her, bumping her cervix with every thrust. His fingers pinched her clit. 

"Tony!" she gasped into the pillow. 

He groaned above her. "That's it Jillian. Say my name."

She couldn't help it. He was everything in that moment. "Tony!" she cried, coming again. And then she felt him thrust once more and unload deep in her cunt. They came together, waves of pleasure washing over them until she couldn't tell where she ended and he began. And it seemed to go on like that forever. 

Finally Tony rolled off her and pulled her into his arms where she immediately fell asleep. 

Jill wasn't sure how long she slept but she woke to Tony's rough fingers probing between her legs. She moaned. Her pussy felt battered and sore but she could feel it responding to Tony's touch. 

Her eyes fluttered open and he was hoovering over her with a smile. "Good dreams?" he asked. 

She blushed. "How long have I slept?"

"Not long. Maybe an hour," he replied, leaning down to kiss her. 

She could feel his come leaking out of her slit. "I should clean up. Bathroom?"

He nodded towards a door and Jill slid away from his warmth and out of the bed. He watched her ass approvingly as she disappeared into the bathroom. 

That small, perfect ass had almost been too much for him. He'd been attracted to her the first time he saw the new accounting clerk. She'd smiled up a him from behind her desk. She'd been young and fresh and innocent looking. He'd been at war with himself ever since. Jillian didn't look 25. He'd been surprised and pleased to find out her age. Still, he hadn't been sure how she'd react tot he advances of an older man. 

Now that he'd had a taste of her, he wasn't sure he could let her go. She'd reacted to him so forcefully. He couldn't stop feeling her shudders and moans of pleasure. She'd been so tight he'd almost come right the moment he thrust into her. But it was the desperate way she'd moaned his name that had been his undoing. 
