 If only the stage persona was one Jane could carry with her day and night, a person she could be in everyday life. But it was limited, only for use when she was down to her skivvies, shaking her ass for a bunch of horny men and, on occasion, a few women.

She could only pull Petra out for five hours a night, three nights a week, and while she strove to maintain the confidence her alter-ego exuded in other pursuits, she couldn't seem to manifest it as Plain Jane Dennis.

She stared at the face in the mirror, the layers of makeup that brought out the blue of her eyes and made her lips look fuller and more seductive. The fake lashes itched, and the auburn hair she liked to pull back in a ponytail drove her insane, with sweaty strands hanging in her face, no matter how many times she tucked the mass behind her ears.

She needed the break right now, after being on stage for almost an hour and being called out for four lap dances. It had been a busy night, and she was ready to go home, but the club didn't close for another hour, and she could still make a few bucks if she could get another lap dance or two.

Now, though, she donned a silky robe and stepped outside for a smoke. She didn't bother tying the thing – she'd be amongst potential clients, and a view of her tanned skin and small perky breasts might entice a couple of them to tip her, even without her working so hard. Besides, she was burning up and wanted the cool night breeze to help her out.

As she sparked the cig, she inhaled deeply, enjoying the feeling of smoke in her lungs. It wasn't healthy, but it felt good right now. She looked around and found there weren't many people out right now. Of course, there were a couple of favorites on the main stage, so it made sense.

"Jane!"

The sound of her real name made her blood run cold, and she froze, not sure she wanted to look behind her. She'd chosen a club far from her hometown, in hopes she wouldn't run into anyone she knew. And worst, the voice sounded familiar.

Slowly, she looked back over her shoulder, and the sight before her shocked her to the core. Turning to face her visitor fully, she gaped. "Brandon Wiles?"

He smiled at her, clearly excited to see her but also nervous and a little awkward. "Jane Dennis. How long has it been?"

She shrugged. "Since graduation, right? About five years."

His smile grew. "You look fabulous. I mean..." He trailed off, seemingly embarrassed.

Jane understood his problem. Here she was, in a state of general undress, and he was commenting on her looks. It was a very male thing to do, one not exactly flattering coming from most, and Brandon had never been the type of guy to lust after anyone's body without something more between them. Which made her wonder...

"What are you doing here?"

He seemed even more ashamed. "It wasn't my decision. A friend from work is having a bachelor party, and they had said no strip clubs. Well, that was to pacify the fiancé apparently, and so we drove way the hell out here where he figured he could get away with it. This isn't so much my scene." Again, he cut himself short, worried he'd insulted her by speaking negatively of the place she obviously worked.

She nodded. "It's a good enough job. I need the money to finish school. But no, I didn't figure it was your scene." She looked him over. "You look good, too, Brandon." And he did. He'd lost weight, toned up, and with his face thinner, the angles and plains shadowed with a day's worth of stubble were incredibly attractive. His haircut suited him, a short, spiky fade, and his dark eyes sparkled in his face. "Really good, actually."

He smiled shyly. "Thanks." He swallowed and looked uncomfortable, shifting his feet and kicking at the ground as he lit a cigarette. "Listen, Jane, can I say something?"

She shrugged. "You can say whatever you want. You wouldn't believe the things I've heard around here. Nothing can shock me. Just do me a favor and call me Petra."

He raised an eyebrow. "Petra?"

"Petra Strange. It's my stage name. I don't want any creeps stalking me later."

"Fair enough." He hesitated, and Jane wondered what exactly he meant to say. Finally, he took a deep breath. "You know I was in love with you in high school."

Her heart skipped a beat, and she wondered if she needed to clean out her ears. No one had paid her any attention in high school. Brandon couldn't really have had feelings for her, could he? And why was he telling her now?

She tilted her head and tossed her cigarette into the butt can. "I had no idea." Even to her own ears, her voice sounded strained.

He took a step closer to her, lowering the volume of his voice as a group of men staggered drunkenly onto the patio to light their own smokes. "Listen Ja...Petra. I'm not trying to come onto you while you're at work, or because you're a performer." She smiled at the courtesy of his choice of words. "I just wanted you to know. And I thought I'd ask, if you aren't seeing anyone, if maybe you might have dinner with me sometime, now that I've found you."

Jane tried to hide her amazement. Of course, guys asked her for dates on a regular basis when she worked here, but it usually involved lewd comments about wining and dining her and getting her out of the last few threads on her body. Brandon didn't seem to have that in mind, and as she watched him, she realized his eyes stayed focused on her face. It was respectful.

Making a quick decision, she asked, "I'm starving. If you give me a few minutes, I can clean up and change, then give you a ride home, get you out of here. And we can stop for some food along the way. I'm starving and it will give us a chance to catch up a little."

Brandon seemed taken off guard, and a part of Jane couldn't believe she'd made such an offer. Because she stripped part-time, she didn't date at all, and even if it was just a friendly reconnecting, "I'd really like that. Although, I got a hotel room around here, if you could just drop me there after."

She nodded. "No problem. Give me fifteen minutes, and I'll meet you back here." She headed to the dressing room, halfway assuming he'd disappear and disappoint her. But he was waiting when she came back, dressed in a tank top and jeans, her hair pulled back and her eyelashes gone.

They bantered back and forth over plates of eggs and pancakes, and Jane remembered the comfortable friendship they'd had in high school. They hadn't seen each other often, but they'd enjoyed their time together.

When she pulled up at his hotel, she swallowed hard, wondering if she was making the right decision, even as she asked, "How would you feel about me coming upstairs with you?"

He stared at her for a long moment, and suddenly, he leaned in, kissing her deeply, sensually. It was the kind of kiss that warmed her blood, made it pump harder, and made liquid pool between her legs. The heat gathered there as he cupped her cheek in his hand, tilting her head so he could taste her more fully, completely owning her mouth, and she sighed as his tongue danced over every inch of her mouth.

When he finally pulled back, he nodded. "I would love it."

They took the stairs to the second floor, and Brandon let them in with his key card. In the room, they fell into an awkward silence, and Jane wasn't sure what to do. She hadn't wanted anything this badly in a long time. But Brandon was the first and only person who honestly cared anything about her, and it gave her a sense of completeness.

"Brandon..." She said his name, and her voice cracked with emotion. He took the three strides to close the distance between them and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her tight against him, pressing his lips to hers. She melted against him, tentatively placing her hands on his shoulders, then gripping them and not wanting to let go. He deepened the kiss, and she slid her hands down his arms, over to his waist, and she tugged at his shirt.

Brandon backed up and pulled the cloth over his head, leaving his chest bare to her eyes and hands. She studied him with hungry eyes, taking in the lines on his stomach that showed just how hard he worked to stay in shape. He was scrumptious, and she wanted to see more. Her fingers found his fly, unbuttoned the jeans, and yanked insistently down on his pants and underwear. She gasped when his erection came free, standing at attention in all its glory. She couldn't believe it, considering the only time she ever saw such a reaction was at the club, when she was mostly undressed.

She still wore all her clothes.

But not for long. As she reached out to touch Brandon's cock, feel the smooth hardness of him, he shivered and made fast work of her tank top and jeans, baring her to him from head to toe. They stood there, silent, staring at each other in awe, and this time, the quiet wasn't awkward but comfortable, sensual. How long had she wanted someone to look at her with that kind of appreciation, the kind that spoke to an attraction to her and not just excitement at the idea of ogling another naked female?

Taking her hand, Brandon led her to the single bed and laid her gently atop the comforter. Gently, he crawled onto her, looming above her, and Jane's heart thudded with anticipation as his hands cupped her breasts. She moaned, and he dipped his head, taking one nipple into his mouth and suckling, running his tongue in circles around the taut point. She wriggled beneath him, reaching to find Brandon's cock and stroke it, wanting to feel him, to know him intimately.

He kissed her neck, her shoulder, down her stomach, and between her thighs, taking the hot, wet center of her into his mouth and making her scream as he had her cumming so hard she saw stars. When she could take no more, she pushed at his shoulders and reversed their positions, climbing on top of him and licking her way down that delectable chest and those rock hard abs until she reached his hard-on. She wrapped a fist around the base of his shaft and took his head into her mouth, making him jerk so hard he nearly jumped off the bed.

Satisfied with his reaction, she licked and sucked at him, making him gasp and growl at her ministrations, and eventually, he grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her up his body to kiss her again. His tongue insinuated the love making that she anxiously awaited, and she groaned and sighed as his hands moved over her hips and back.

Lifting her, he sat her down on his cock, and she took him in with one long stroke that made her shiver with another orgasm. She threw her head back and cried out his name as he began to move with slow rocking motions of his pelvis, driving into her with precise thrusts that drove her to the edge and over more than once. Wanting more, Jane took to riding him, pushing him harder and further, making his eyes roll back in his head.

Eventually, he rolled her over, lifting her legs so her knees bent over his shoulder, and as if he hadn't already been deep enough, his motions took him deeper inside, until she screamed, his name on her lips. He moved faster, harder, more intense, and he whispered her name over and over, turning his head to kiss her legs.

He stopped, stock still for a moment, and let her legs down, helping her wrap them around his back and breathing hard, obviously trying to hold back. Now, his movements were slow and careful, and Jane reached up, pulling his face down to hers so she could offer him a kiss that matched his pace, his care, and they sighed into each other's mouth as the tension built in their cores.

Brandon slid an arm behind her back, lifting her slightly from the mattress, and continued their sexual dance, rocking them together as their chests touched and caressed each other, heightening the intensity of their need to succumb. Jane threw her arms around Brandon's neck, desperate to hold on for until the end of the ride, and he kept them pressed together as he added a frenzied speed to the gentle strokes he made inside her. She felt the faltering in his rhythm, and she squirmed, moving her hips to press him forward, drive him to his climax.

She succeeded in making herself cum, and she convulsed in his arms, her walls constricting over and over around his cock, and within moments, he joined her in release, his orgasm lasting for long moments as he jerked and cried out her name, his erection exploding and jerking inside her and causing small aftershocks to blast through her body.

It took several minutes for Jane to remember how to breathe, all the while a sweaty, exhausted Brandon resting heavily but deliciously on her, his body feeling luscious and warm. This felt right, and while it seemed like a crazy little fling out of nowhere, Jane knew she'd made a right decision tonight. To be with someone who didn't use her for her body, who wasn't desperate for a sneak peek at a lot of skin, was amazing, even if it was just for an evening.

When he finally rolled off her, Brandon stood and reached into a duffel bag, pulling out a large t-shirt and offering it to her. She smiled in thanks and pulled it over her head as he donned a pair of jogging shorts. "So, do you have a pet or anything you have to get home to?" he asked, his voice gruff. He didn't meet her eyes, and she swallowed her disappointment, thinking he was trying to get rid of her.

"No, but I really should go get some sleep," she responded reluctantly. She stood and reached for her clothes, piled on the floor, but his hand on her arm stopped her, and she straightened, looking into his eyes. "What is it, Brandon?"

His eyes bore holes through her as she waited for his response. "There's some beer in the mini-fridge. I was hoping you would stay and have a drink with me."

Confused, she shrugged. "I could have one, I suppose."

He nodded and moved to grab two bottles, twisting off both tops and handing one to her. They took long swigs of beer, and the silence fell over them again as they perched on the edge of the bed. Jane didn't know what to expect now, and she tried not to think about it. Soon enough, she'd be on her way, and she'd go back to life as she knew it, going to school three days a week, working at the grocery store three more, and shaking her ass on stage three nights a week. She would just think of tonight as a vacation from her life.

"Jane?" Brandon's voice was quiet and unsure. She turned to him and found him staring at her face, his expression searching, and she raised an eyebrow, wondering what he was going to say. "How would you feel about staying the night and having breakfast with me in the morning? My treat."

She swallowed as she searched his face, wondering what he wanted. She liked the idea of staying the night, sharing a bed with someone, cuddling together. But was it just a one-night offer, or was there something more she should be reading between the lines?

Brandon touched her cheek and drew her gaze, his eyes intense and serious. "Give me a chance, Jane. If you like your job at the club, I won't pressure you to quit. I can be supportive of you in every way. Stay with me tonight, have breakfast with me in the morning, and in the light of day, decide if there's a chance we can have more than this," he motioned around the hotel room, his gaze lingering on the bed behind them, "to build on."

Trying to hold back tears, she nodded. "No one's ever wanted anything from me except to look at my body. You're offering me something different, Brandon, and I'm not sure what to think. But if the way you made love to me means anything, I'd definitely like to see what we can be together."

Brandon smiled, and a small laugh emitted from between his lips. "Thank you, Jane." He gave her a soft kiss, almost chaste, and her stomach flipped upside down, her heart fluttering in response. As they lay down together, wrapped in each other's arms, Jane knew this was the beginning of the next chapter of her life, and she wouldn't have to be lonely anymore.