 I called in sick to my construction job to go job hunting. I'd been at it for a couple of hours with little success, early August is apparently not prime hiring season in my small beach town. Sitting at a bus stop, smoking a cigarette and waiting for a ride down to the next commercial area to continue my search, she walked past me. The bus stop was in front of an elementary school, which was naturally deserted in the height of summer. Her knee-length jean skirt and the obvious delight it concealed immediately captivated me. Shapely brown legs continued down to her black leather work shoes. Her blouse matched her skirt, light blue denim with a button down front and a colorful stitched pattern around the collar. I got a hold of myself and let out a low whistle when she was about fifteen feet past me. She turned and cocked her eyebrow in a skeptical, almost scornful way. 

"Yes?" She demanded.

"You work here?" I blurted. I had no line, but had to try something. 

"Yes, I am a secretary at the school." It was matter of fact, why she deigned to answer I don't understand.

"Well, what's your name, Ms. Secretary?" 

"Mariposa. Can I help you with anything? I kind of have things to do." She answered, but still waited. 

"I'm Jack, and I was just curious."

"And why are you so interested?" Why was she even still talking to me?

"A woman like you in a skirt like that always interests me." Oh God! What was that? Not a line, not smooth in the least. Just lecherous and gross.

And yet she didn't blow me off.

"Humph. Well, Casanova, I have work to do." And she turned on her heel. 

Denied. Ah well, I didn't exactly put a great foot forward. Besides, what a random attempt. Completely spontaneous. 

I lit another cigarette. Who the hell was going to hire me and save me from the meaningless manual labor I had gotten myself sucked into?

My bus wasn't coming for another twenty minutes. Ten minutes later I heard a thud and a curse. I turned around, and there was Mariposa, bending over and frantically trying to collect the papers that had spilled from a crumpled cardboard box on the ground, while trying to maintain her grasp on three overflowing manila folders under one arm.

"Can I help?" I hopped up and started collecting the quickly scattering papers. 

She gave an exasperated sigh when she saw it was me, but consented to my help. 

When the papers were collected, I grabbed the box and asked, "Where to?"

"Room 113, across the yard." She curtly replied and set off.

She moved at a brisk pace and I followed, burdened by the surprisingly ungainly box but nevertheless content to watch her sashay across the empty schoolyard. 

Her hair was long and curly, black as coal to match her eyelashes and just below shoulder length. When we reached to door of Room 113, she turned and the breeze blew her hair so it framed her olive-skinned, heart shaped face. 

"Over on the desk at the front of the room." She ordered as she opened the door behind her. Stepping in to the room I saw it was a math classroom. Multiplication tables and formula charts covered the walls. A mandatory American flag hung limp at the front of the room. The late afternoon sun filtered through yellowed windows and highlighted swirls of dust motes in the air, hovering over rows of deserted desks and chairs. I set the box on what must have been the teacher's desk and asked if there was anything else I could do. 

"Only if you can make this stack of enrollment forms disappear." She answered.

"Sounds like you could use a break, Mary." 

She shot me a glance when I addressed her by name, but almost smiled and returned to the stack of papers in front of her. 

"I have lunch in forty-five minutes, I'm a big girl. I can handle it."

"Lunch is not a suitable break. Take a load off and have a seat, for your own sake." I pushed the revolving teacher's chair up behind her knees so she had to sit down in it. She spun the chair around and looked up at me. 

"So, you have nothing better to do than distract me from my work, Jake or whatever your name is?"

"Jack. And actually I have the day off, interestingly enough. But the falling box wasn't my fault, my distractions are much more entertaining."

She gave me the almost scornful smile again, but with less scorn and more smile. She crossed her right leg over her left and the tip of her toe just barely touched the side of my knee. 

"Oh? A professional then, I assume?" She replied.

"No, just an amateur enthusiast. But always looking to practice."

Gone was the scorn, her eyes narrowed and lips puckered. 

"And what is your distraction of choice?" She taunted. The game had definitely begun. 

"Oh, you know, this and that. A little more of this." I took a half step closer. 

Her foot was now wrapped around the back of my knee and she distinctly started moving it up and down. 

"Hmm..." and a smoldering look was her only reply. 

"But about that break. Let me see what I can do." I half-whispered. 

Letting my left hand fall on her raised knee, I slowly crept my hand under the hem of her skirt. After letting my fingers brush the side of her thigh for a moment, she uncrossed her legs and leaned the chair back. 

My hand was moving up her leg, bringing her skirt with it and revealing more and more of those soft, olive thighs. She spread her legs and I moved my right hand up her other thigh. Now she was fully leaning back and her legs moved farther and farther apart.

I knelt and moved both hands up to grasp the ass that had first caught my attention. Round and firm, it was everything that the skirt had promised. I moved my hands to her waist and grasped her panties. 

Now I was kissing the inside of her thighs, she laid back with her eyes closed and breathed deeply. Pulling off her underwear I noticed how it stuck to her sex. She was soaking wet and her sweet aroma drove me wild. 

Down I went, at first gentle and slow. I kissed her lightly, then firmly, then flicked between her lips with my tongue. Her breathing got heavier and she ran her hands through my short, blonde hair. I ran my tongue from the bottom of her to the top, and then around and down again. Slowly, steadily, with light flicks around her hole and her clit. Then, with a firm push I spread her lips with my tongue and finally sampled her sweet nectar that had been tantalizing me. She was sweet and strong. Her scent filled my mouth and nose and I went to work in earnest. First the top, then the bottom, down to her taint and all around the inside of her thighs I licked, kissed and nibbled. She was panting and moaning lightly now, really sliding down into the chair and settling in. After a few minutes of teasing her, I lightly ran my finger around the entrance to her hole. She gasped quickly, and I felt her legs tense next to my ears. Slowly I pushed my finger in, and I could feel her staggered breaths with every centimeter. Then it was in and I started thrusting. She moaned louder and grabbed by head with her thighs. Soon I had two fingers in her working swiftly, with my thumb teasing her clit. She came the first time remarkably soon, and powerfully, bucking her hips into my face and rubbing her sex all around my chin and nose. 

As I slowed down, she calmed and basked a moment in her first orgasm. Then she grabbed my head and pulled me up. My face dripped with her juices but she didn't hesitate, sitting up and pulling me to her face, she kissed aggressively, nearly sucking my tongue out of my head. As she kissed me we stood up together, and she unzipped her skirt. Stepping out of it she was naked from the waist down, and then reached over and undid my belt and fly. After tasting her delicious flower, I was stiff as a rock and ready to go. When she pulled off my boxers, my cock sprang up. She stopped kissing my mouth and moved to my chin, my neck, ripped off my shirt and moved all the way down my chest with her tongue and lips. Finally, I felt her breasts brush by my cock. She knelt in front of my and grabbed my thighs with her hand. Then, ever so softly she licked my slit. She moved inward from there, torturously slow but eventually wetting and moving her big, red lips down my shaft, taking me deep into her throat until she could lick my balls with my cock in her mouth. She never used her hands. Just teased and sucked me with her mouth, keeping me deep in her warm throat and on the edge with her intricate tongue work. 

Finally, her attention to me was too much and I started to cum, I gave her a tap but she only started working more furiously. I could feel the muscles of her throat contract around my pulsing cock, greedily swallowing every drop of my cum. When I was finished she let me off slowly. Continuing to lick and clean every part of my cock. When she was done she looked up, straight in to me with her big, hazel eyes. She smiled, licked her lips and said, "Can I get back to work now?" before firmly evicting me from the classroom. 

I missed my bus.