 It is always a hard thing to call when people break up. Suddenly a sense of being out there. Available. I suppose that was what happened with Joan the night she decided to just go for it. She had re-established contact with a few of her old mates and quite naturally started with a visit to an old haunt, the Shakespeare Pub in Bethnal Green. It was just like old times. She got the feeling that many of the regulars remembered her and to her pleasant surprise a few were taking an interest. On this particular Saturday night her group decided to move on from the pub about midnight. They were invited to a local party. Joan had had a few drinks but was far from being drunk. While there were several couples in the group, many were single people including one bloke called Mick. She didn't know him but he seemed quite easy going and approachable. 

At the party the music was loud and the night was warm. Joan had been dancing but slipped off the floor to get her drink. Mick, the stranger seemed to anticipate her move and picked up her glass and handed it to her with a smile. Somehow the couple seemed to be pushed quite close together and they spent a while chatting intensely. Joan had the feeling of butterflies in her stomach. She didn't know why but a creeping feeling of excitement began to take a hold. As they stood quite close her mate Cathy was across the room, keeping an eye on her friend. Occasionally she nodded approval to Joan who almost blushed as her friend indicated the two made 'a good couple'.

Joan surprised herself when she said,

"So where do you live Mick?"

Unfazed by her forward questioning Mick just smiled and said,

"Quite local really, just across the road." 

Almost without a thought Joan continued with,

"That is local, you will have to show me." 

To her further surprise Mick just smiled and said,

"Any time."

Joan responded quickly with, 

"How about showing me now?"

Before she even thought about what she had said, Mick had nodded and was leading her toward the door. Quickly the couple pushed through the crowded room. Joan gave Cathy a passing smile, a nod and they was gone.

Mick really did live local to the party. In no time they were through the front door of his flat. The offer of coffee was made but she trumped back with a request for something stronger. As Mick returned with drinks Joan decided to take the lead. She placed the drinks down and pulled the surprised young man towards her. Her hands reached behind him and she grasped his firm behind, squeezing him closer. Automatically he put his hands on her shoulders and lent down to kiss the side of her neck. She enjoyed his manly smell and nuzzled up close to his chest. Clearly she could feel him pushing what was a growing erection towards her hip. Without invitation she slid her hand down the outside of his denim clothed leg, toward the source of his excitement. As if caught off guard he stopped kissing her neck and moved to her willing mouth exchanging sweet tongue based kisses for what seemed like an eternity. Eventually the entwined couple lowered themselves to the floor. For a few seconds Mick was kissing down from above but quickly Joan slipped out and pushed him back resting his elbows on the floor. 

"Gentleman use their elbows." 

She mocked.

Expertly, she straddled her host. Mick must have wondered how quickly they had reached this situation. Joan was quietly pleased she had chosen to wear stockings on this night. It had been a while. She was now on her haunches and gave Mick a glance of her suspender tops and black silky knickers. He reached out to touch her shiny crouch but she pushed him back down again. Two buttons had come undone on her blouse and this revealed her considerable cleavage framed by a black bra. Almost without stopping, she slid her fingers inside the blouse and exposed her dark tipped nipple to the young man whose eyes framed wider with pleasant surprise. Leaning forward Joan guided the breast quite deliberately into his mouth. Eagerly he took her nipple in his mouth. Greedily he sucked on the perfumed delight. All the time Joan said nothing but kept her eyes locked on his.

Once again she lowered her hips towards him this time allowing both his hands to grasp the cheeks of her backside. Encouraged he hooked his fingers at the back of her panties. Once attached, he slid them down further. Joan help by wriggling her arse and soon her dark pussy was revealed above him. The eager young man squeezed her buttocks with both hands pulling her closer. Joan gave a little smile but was determined to remain in control. This was her night and she knew what she wanted to do. She knew that by now her coral colored lips would be on full display above him. They were prominant, wet and swollen. She lent forward and crawled along his body until her exposed pussy was above his face. He could clearly smell it's sweet odour and now she decided let him taste it. Driving her gash down on his tongue she thrust her hips toward him. She felt brazenly wet but was drunk with a feeling of power. Still in control, Joan slipped out of her bra and turned to face away from her newfound lover. She pushed back her arse towards his face and once more felt his tongue probing deep inside of her. She could hear the sound of him sucking on her fanny lips. Expertly she undid his jeans and released what was by now a massive erection. Quickly she lowered her mouth onto it. Teasing she licked off a shimmer of pre-fuck. She grasped it firmly with her right hand and heard a gasp of anticipation from behind her as she slid the knob of his dick into her warm mouth. Joan had not sucked a cock in a while but remembered the feeling of control it gave. Old techniques quickly return. She wanked the rod to increase the sensation as it disappeared into her willing mouth. Mick was occupied with her wet gash at the other end and Joan made sure he would remember this blow job from his horny guest. 

By now Joan could feel that Mick was appreciating everything she was doing for him. She now deliberately slowed her rhythm on his cock making clear slurping noises and caressing his balls as she did so. Once again she turned to face him, rising up again to straddle him. To her left she glimpsed a full length mirror. Joan realized that Mick had been feasting his eyes on the sight of this raunchy stranger sucking his dick. She knew that this rude sight would provide him beautiful snapshot memories in the future. Who needed digital photography?

Leaning towards him she grasped his tool in her hand and gradually began to lower herself down on it. Her vagina felt hot, swollen and with an unbelievable feeling of wetness. She placed the knob at the entrance to her juicy gash. Instead of pushing down on it completely she teased him by using it against her clit like some lifelike dildo. She knew that at this point too much clitoral attention would bring her off. Instead she lowered herself down on him engulfing his dick with her steamy gash.

Mick was murmuring with pleasure, the wet slapping sound of his dick up against Joan's fanny lips was driving him wild. 

Her fanny enveloped his considerable dick with ease. Leaning forward she brought her arse forward and back with a relentless rhythm. His cock was entering and leaving her juicy port with a regular relentless beat. She remembered how a previous boyfriend had likened this to some marvelous sensual torture. The woman, on top, was completely in control. To her happy surprise Mick was lasting very well. His hands still clasped her arse cheeks and pulled them toward him. He could see her bouncing breasts rising and falling with the movement.

Rather than finish it there and then she decided to roll off and let him enter her from behind. Almost without a beat missed, he bent her over the sofa and preceded to shaft her from behind. Joan realized how much she had missed being fucked. This time it was her who was watching voyeur-like in the mirror. She could feel him thrust deep inside her pussy his balls knocking against her arse. He had by now grasped her breasts and was using them to secure his grip and balance. Surprisingly Joan began to feel capable of an orgasm in this unusual position. He was pressing down on her fanny lip area and the pressure began to lift her toward that giddy feeling. Mick, her new found master fucker, managed to go right on, as she came. When he considerately asked was it alright to cum inside she knew he had been trained well. Regaining her sense of timing she quickly shifted her arse and in one movement placed his throbbing dick back in her mouth. It only took three more thrusts and with the perfect timing she allowed him to splash his cum onto her face and down her heaving breasts. They were both done and fell back to the floor in an almost immediate sex induced stuper. After a while Joan realized that Mick had truly passed out. She stood up and quickly dressed. Her night of being 'out there' had been exciting and rewarding. She guessed that the Shakespeare crowd would have realised the couple had come together. She smiled at the thought of the speculation. She was glad that the 'boys' would not actually be far from the truth when they discussed the night's events. She had indeed fucked like a wild woman and been thoroughly in charge.

She booked the scene mentally for she knew that it might come in handy as a fantasy piece for some future lover.