 There I was sat in my favorite pub with a cold beer after the day from hell at work. The day started OK will as OK as a Friday in my hell hole of an office. I am the sales manager for a small car parts supply company, I am OK at my job not great but I get by. I am 5 ft 10 tall, a little bit of a belly on me. I don't look to bad for a thirty one year old man; I have most of my own hair. We lost a major client today and I am going to get it in the neck on Monday from the boss. But it's the weekend now and I am going to forget it all for two days.

So here I am drinking my beer and waiting for the night to pick up a little. You never know maybe I will meet someone tonight. I looked up and at the other end of the bar looking as pissed off as me was my assistant Ashley. Ashley has been my assistant for a couple of years and I couldn't do my job without her. She is gorgeous with shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes. She is a little shorter than me at 5 ft 7 ish. One thing I love about her is she is always wearing tops that show off her 38DD boobs. She was being chatted up by some sort of workman. She had a look in her eyes that screamed get this prick away from me.

I walked over to her, in my mind I was trying to work out what I was going to say to her. Her eyes met mine as I rounded the end of the bar. I could tell she was happy to see me. I still didn't know what I was going to say or do to help her.

I walked around behind her and bent to kiss her on the neck and whispered in her ear "need help?" She turned her head and kissed me full on the lips, the kind of kiss between two long lost lovers. "Oh baby you're here" she said as our lips parted. I looked over her shoulder to wear the guy was standing and all I saw was an empty space. "I think he is gone"

She looked and laughed "Wow!! Thank you he wouldn't take me ignoring him as my hint for him to leave"

"Glad I could help" I turned to sit in the empty seat next to her. "Mind if I join you?"

"After you rescuing me I would be offended if I couldn't buy you a drink to say thank you."

10 or 12 drinks later we were staggering out of the pub holding each other up. I hail a cab and we got in. "Cannon Street please mate" as the cab pulled away. I had my hand on her thigh and her hand was on mine. I lent in to kiss her again just as the cab jolted and we clashed heads. We both laughed "Try that again" she giggled. My lips moved towards hers and we kissed, as our lips were crushed together and my tongue entered her mouth my hand moved higher up her thigh and under the hem of her skirt. As I got closer to her crotch her legs parted slightly. I felt the material of her stockings end and felt the warm skin of her thigh. My hand moved higher still until my thumb felt her panty clad crotch. Her hand shot down to mine and pulled my hand away "Not yet please! Not in the cab" She gasped pulling away from our kiss. The rest of the journey was a blur of kissing and biting each others lips and necks.

Finally we arrive back at Ashley's house. I paid the driver as she waited for me. As I turned Ashley wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me full on the lips again, I felt her tongue slip between my lips. Her firm breasts press against my chest. She takes my hand and leads me towards the door.

As we get in the door Ashley pushes me against the wall and starts kissing me again this time her hands are undoing my belt and trousers. Before I know what is happening my trousers are around my ankles and she is on her knees, pulling my boxers down over my rapidly swelling cock. As my boxers were lowered off the end of my cock it sprang up towards Ashley's face. With a smile she stuck out her tongue and licked the tip of my cock. It felt good, really good. She started to plant little kisses on the tip of my cock then down the side of my shaft and back up again to the tip. With one hand holding the base of my now very hard cock she looked up at me and took the head in between her lips and took me into her warm mouth. A little at first then she pulled me back out and kissed all over my cock again. Her kisses worked their way down to the base of my cock and then onto my balls as well, she took each one of my balls in my mouth and swirled they around before kissing my cock once more she kissed her way back to the head of my cock and then she parted her lips. This time while she looked at me she took me all the way into her snug throat.

Her hands were now on my thighs. My cock was sliding in and out of her throat while I stood there. With a loud pop Ashley pulled my rock hard cock from between her lips. Looking in to my eyes she licked her lips.

Ashley took my hand and pulled me towards the bedroom. My pants and boxers were left in a pile by the front door. When we got to the bedroom I was pushed onto the bed and told to "sit and wait" I sat there staring as Ashley started to dance to a tune that was in her head. Her body twisted and turned in a sexy dance that turned me on so much. I had to have her. I stood and walked towards her while her back was too me and she was shaking her tight arse at me and oh my god it looked amazing. As I stepped close to her she turned to me and pressed her now naked breasts against me as we kissed.

As we kissed I turned her and pushed her towards the bed. I was kissing and pushing her until her legs got to the edge of the bed and we fell onto it still kissing.

I start kissing Ashley's lips, then down her neck to her tits. Licking, sucking and nibbling on her nipples while I tease her clit and pussy lips with my fingers. Then kiss my way down to her pussy but instead of licking or sucking on her clit I kissed around her pussy and then down her inner thighs and back up again then lick her clit a little before fucking her with my tongue and then kissing back up to her mouth and sliding slowly inside her.

Slowly I slide inside her till I am all the way in then slowly pull out again till all her have left inside her is the tip of my cock, then again slowly slide back inside her and pull out again then thrust hard and deep inside her, while I am kissing her lips and neck.

I push hard in to her and kiss her hard fucking her mouth with my tongue. I start to fuck her harder and harder loving the feel of her wet hot pussy wrapped around my cock. Then I pull out and turn her over I slapped her arse as I push my cock into her pussy. Pull my cock almost all the way out then grab hold of her hair and slam deep inside her using her hair to pull her back on to me. I hear her moan and fuck her harder still.

As I pull back I feel her pussy start to grip my cock, pulling me back inside her. I slam my cock into her hard and she gasps. As I pull out again I push my middle finger in to the tight opening of her arse and as I push my cock back inside her I push my finger in her arse too. Her muscle tightens up due to the invasion of her anal passage. With my cock buried deep in Ashley's pussy and a finger in her arse she started to moan loudly. I continued to thrust my cock in and out of her rabidly moistening pussy and my finger in and out of her tight butt hole. As I did her moans grew louder and louder until she was screaming and thrashing on the end of my cock.

"OMG I'm...I'm...I'm going t'cum" and with that she gushed all over my hard cock. The feel of her juices squirting all over me was all I could take and I erupted inside her "oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah that feels good. I want more of that" She gasped as we both fell forward on to the bed spent. "Anytime baby" and that was the last thing I can remember before I woke up from a deep sleep with her head on my shoulder curled up together in bed. I looked at her as she slept and I knew that my life at work was going to be taking a turn for the better.