 Following my experience earlier in the week, I had begun to look at each attractive female that entered our store in a different way. Secretly, I would imagine their clothes falling off, then the act of them presenting themselves to me before both of us worked for a well-deserved orgasm.

A family of 4 came in one day, seemingly the perfect family. Mother, father, young son and older daughter. I managed to turn the conversation towards my own college experience, and learned that she would be attending college...somewhere in Florida, where they were from...the following semester for the first time. She was surprisingly tall for a female, and had a rather thick waist situated between a large chest and ass.

One thing that surprised me the most about the family was the fact that none of them had ever heard of Cheerwine. So I explained the drink to them, then watched as they opened a bottle and tried it. After making a rather large purchase, they left in search of a town about an hour to the north.

After half an hour had passed, the daughter reentered. This allowed me another set of glances at her ample figure. She explained to me that they had all decided to stay in one of the local hotels, a Ramada Inn, and leave the following morning. She grabbed several more bottles of Cheerwine out of the fridge, and paid for them as our flirting began to increase past casual friendlyness. She removed one of our business cards from beside the register, and began writing on it. She slid it to me across the counter, and smiled as she exited.

I waited until she had left to read what she had written. It was a simple set of words and numbers, the message clear. "Ramada Inn, Rm. 302. All to myself."

Not knowing what the evening would lead to, I began to create a false story in my mind in case the message was flawed. A story that relyed on their belief in coincidance and my role at the front desk of the motel. My parents were not expecting me until the morning, as I had told them that I would be meeting some friends at a party and staying the night. However, if for some reason I did show up at home, I could play it off as an unexiting party that I had left very early.

I knocked on the door, not knowing what to expect. She greeted me the same clothes that she had been wearing when I first saw her: jean shorts, and a green t-shirt that was stretched tight across her ample chest. But from the looks of things, she had removed her bra, and her nipples were beginning to show through the fabric.

"Right on time" she said quietly, taking my wrist and pulling me behind her into the room as I shut the door and chained it. She turned around as we reached the foot of the bed, taking my other hand and leaning in. We locked lips, massaging each others tongues and letting our hands explore each others clothed bodies. She broke the kiss, much sooner than I would have liked, and gently pushed me down onto the bed.

"Just make yourself comfortable." I took her advice, and kicked off my flip-flops as she retreated into the bathroom. Glancing around the room, I could tell that she hadn't unpacked much. Her suitcase lay open, yet still organized, and the king sized bed was still made. I ran my hands along the comforter, feeling the rough cover that was typically found in hotel rooms. I heard some stirring, and looked up as she reentered the room. 

She had abandoned the shorts for a pink lace thong, complete with furry pink edging. A plain white t-shirt, much tighter than the first, tested the ability of cotton to stretch and conform. She leaned against the doorway and gave me a seductive look before walking the few steps to where I sat and leaning in for another passionate kiss. Stepping back, she watched as I stripped off my maroon polo shirt and pulled off my khaki shorts, both tossed to the side.

My blue boxers were stretched to their limit, a tent hovering over my crotch. A wet spot began to show where a drop of precum was escaping my hole, anxious for what was to come. I used my hands to push back on the bed, my head finding the pillows that were still hidden under the covers.

"Why don't you join me" I said, patting the comforter beside me. She crawled up the bed on her hands and knees, speaking as she moved along.

"I've wanted you from the time I saw you. It's been hard just to keep my hands off of myself thinking about you."

Swinging her leg over me and hovering above my now-obvious erection, still covered, she whispered into my ear.

"I need your cock inside of me."

I dipped my head, my mouth finding her left tit through the cotton. Like a baby, I began sucking at her nipple. I moved to the other side, noticing a wet spot where my saliva had dampened the shirt. She moaned, lowering herself to allow me better access. Briefly taking my mouth off of her, I slid my hands up her sides to remove the shirt and reveal her naked flesh for further pleasure. I pinched her nipple between my fingers as I teased the other with my tongue, eliciting further moans.

Sitting up, she took her own ample breasts into her own hands and massaged them as she turned around and lowered herself back down. I hooked my thumbs into her waistband, and pulled down the last bit of clothing that adorned her body as she did the same to me. Then, I used my hands to hold the back of her thighs and pull her pussy to my mouth. I felt one of her hands wrap around my cock as she planted kisses on the head.

As our position unfolded into the seductive 69, I ran the tip of my tongue between her folds and noticed a sexy strip of hair that adorned her otherwise bare crotch. Moving one of my hands from her leg, I used it to part her lips as I ran my tongue deeper into her vagina. Her muffled moans created a sensational feeling around the top half of my cock that was buried inside of her mouth. I released my hold on her lips, using my index finger to penetrate her as I moved my attention to her clit.

Slowly drawing her clit into my mouth, I began sucking on it as I slowly pulled my finger in and out of her wet pussy. I didn't have much experience in this area, but I had read enough stories to know what I was doing. And by the reaction I was getting, everything that I was doing was working. Sensing that she was on the brink of an orgasm, I began to realize that she was bobbing her head up and down on my dick. Her lips would sink to my rough pubic hair, then rise back up to clean the clear fluid off of my tip.

She briefly pulled completely off of my cock, stroking it with her hand.

"Oh God. That's it baby, come for me." She quickly moved her head up and down several times, causing me to release my creamy load inside of her mouth as she bucked on my face and screamed through closed lips. She rose off of me, turning back around and crawling up, eye level with me. I kissed her on the forehead, placing my left hand on her ass and using it to pull her closer to me.

"That was great" I said, looking over at her.

"That was just the start" she whispered, looking deep into my eyes as I returned the gaze. Her free hand had come to rest on my chest, while I had released her ass and placed my palm over her vagina, massaging it lightly.

"I don't think I've ever come like that" she said, closing her eyes.

"Me either." I didn't mention my encounter the week before, which had come close to this one. And we were only getting started. I sensed that we had the entire night to spend together, and that it would be a rather...productive one.

As I've said, my age combined with hormones didn't keep me soft for long. My cock had already begun to rise again, and was resting on her thigh.

"It looks like somebody is ready for round two." Without waiting for a response, she sat up and straddled my waist. Resting my head against the pillows, I used both hands to hold the headboard.

Sitting back, she rested one ass cheek on each of my legs. She took my cock between her palms, slowly twisting it back and forth. Fully aroused and grown to my full length, she slowly rose and planted one foot on either side of me so that her pussy hovering just inches above my cock. I gripped the insides of her thighs, using my thumbs to slowly trace circles around her hole and drag across her center. She eased down, slowly impaling herself on my 8 inches.

I gasped at how tight her walls were, and she let out a barely audible squeak as her lips engulfed my entire cock and settled on my stomach.

"You want this pussy, don't you?" She knew I did, and that she was going to get a dick in return. Slowly, she began sliding up and down on my member, rising so that the edge of her vagina grasped the bottom of my crown before she slid back down. She had picked up a slow tempo, and the feeling it was causing was torture, combined with the view of watching her boobs bounce up and down.

I had placed my hands on her waist, using it to guide her down onto my cock. She took advantage of that to massage her breasts.

"Uhhhhh, fuck. That big cock feels so good." She had thrown her head back, and was beginning to moan rather loudly. I gripped her waist tighter, and began rising up off of the bed to meet her as she came down, slamming into my dick. Her whole body shuddered, and I could tell that she was almost ready for another mind blowing orgasm. Putting her hands on my stomach, she pushed off of me and immediately turned around, and lowered back down. I grasped my shaft, and aimed it straight for her pussy as she slid back down on it. One of my hands reached up to hold her tit as the other rubbed her clit back and forth while she bounced up and down on me.

"Oh, fuck that feels good" I said, on the brink of cumming.

"Harder baby, harder, AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I slammed into her two more times before leaving my entire cock imbedded in her as I released my seed. She screamed, her pussy tightening around my dick as she milked every last bit of my cum before collapsing on top of me. My limp cock pulled out of her as I rolled onto my side, taking her with me, and drifting off into a deep sleep while I spooned her.

I slowly came out of my slumber to the sound of a phone ringing. Looking over my shoulder, the clock was displaying 7:00 A.M. The bright red numbers stood out in the dark room. She had apparently risen some time during the night and turned off the lights before retuning to the bed. We were now facing each other, and our bodies had become intertwined during the night. Her leg was over mine, and I held one hand while my other was draped over her.

She sighed and moaned lightly, obviously waking up to the same ringing that had woken me up. Her eyes remained shut, but her face nuzzled against my neck as she spoke.

"I ordered a wake up call so we would have time to screw again."

"I think we could have found time either way."

"Mmm. But this way, we'll have plenty of time to enjoy it."

She nibbled at my earlobe before rolling off of the bed, her feet finding the floor. She softly made her way towards the bathroom, and the glow that entered the room told me that she had turned on the light. I rolled onto my back, my morning erection pointing straight at the ceiling. Just as my hand had begun to slowly stroke my cock, I heard water running. Smiling to myself, I slid off of the bed and entered the bathroom. I could see her silhouette on the shower curtain as the water switched from faucet to showerhead. She turned, pulling the curtain tight and pressing her tits against it.

"Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to get in here and fuck me?"

I didn't need any further encouragement, and stepped over the high side of the bathtub and into the steam of the shower. With the jets pounding on my back, I slowly pushed her against the back wall and kissed her. Our hands began roaming, learning each others bodies again as she softly bit my lower lip. Releasing my grip on her, I turned and searched for a washcloth and bar of soap. Working up a rather heavy lather, I turned her around and began washing and massaging her body. I paid special attention to her breasts and crotch, alternating between the rough fabric of the motel-grade clothe and my hands. My cock, still hard from waking up, began to gently press against her backside. I followed it with the clothe, ending with a gentle bite on the right cheek. She turned to face me as I stood up.

"You're horrible, you know that?"

"How so?" I asked, an evil grin on my face. I knew that it was because of the slow torture that I had induced with the lather. She turned me around, and proceeded to wash every inch of my body. She left my cock for last, getting an ample layer of soap on her bare hand and stroking it softly. While she was rubbing my shaft, the stream of warm water from the shower head began landing on the head of my dick, further inducing the pleasure she was causing me.

"Enough of this" she said, dropping the washcloth as I turned to face her once again. "I need you inside of me."

I spun her around, and ran my hands up her side until they found hers, which I then guided to the wall of the shower. Then I used them to spread her legs, and ran one seductive finger across her mound. Knowing this would be the last chance that I would get to fuck her brains out, I decided that it would end in a screaming orgasm that she wouldn't soon forget. I took my shaft in my hand, making sure that it was at it's full length and girth, then ran the tip of it up and down her slit.

"Now you're just teasing me. Quit fucking around and get that dick in me."

"Well if you want it, you're going to have to beg for it." I wanted her to need me, want me, and beg me to fill her.

I started dragging my cock against her slit again, and she wiggled her ass back trying to get me to penetrate her. I moved back, preventing it, and watched as she reached behind in an attempt to take a "hands on" approach to things. I took her hand in mine, and guided it back against the wall, then leaned in and whispered in her ear.

"Uh uh. You'll get it when I decide you want it bad enough." But at the rate I was going, I needed her just as bad as she was needing me.

"Please baby, I need that hard cock inside of me." I pressed in a little further, my head disappearing between her soft lips, but no further.

"Oh God" she moaned, "please. Fuck me with that big, thick cock of yours." Enough was enough. Without any warning, I slowly slid my entire shaft into her until my balls were resting against her ass cheeks. I began moving back and forth inside of her, burying my cock inside of her pussy before pulling it back out again. One of her hands left the wall and drifted down to her button, where it began making circular motions. As I sped up my thrusting, my balls began making a slapping noise as they swung to collide with her ass. She had already begun to tighten around my dick, on the brink of cumming. But I still had plenty in me, and was convinced that she would have a multiple.

"Uhhhh, fuck. That's it, keep throwing that dick into me. Yes, yes, YES!" Her moans were driving me further to the brink, and I could tell that she was cumming again. Then she did something that I wasn't expecting.

Coming down off of her third orgasm, she pulled her ass away so that my hard dick pulled out of her. She turned around, then moved me so that I had my back to the shower curtain. Sensing the only thing I could do, I sat down on the side of the tub and watched her kneel down. She took her globes between her hands, and placed them on either side of my cock. One of my hands reached up to grasp the curtain rod as the other went over her shoulder to the bar mounted on the wall. She mashed her tits around my cock, and began moving it up and down. 

Despite what I may have told my friends, I had never been titty fucked. And if I had been on the brink of cumming before, now I was barely able to hold back.

"Oh shit" I moaned, as she looked up to stare into my eyes.

"You like that, don't you? You like those tits wrapped around that thick cock of yours." I moaned one final time before sending streams of cum towards the ceiling, some of them arcing over her shoulder before the others landed on her face and neck. Releasing her squeeze on her breasts, she used one hand to stroke every last bit of fluid I had in my crotch out into her mouth. Then she used one finger to retrieve each thick rope from her neck and face, and draw it into her mouth.

We both stood up, and she faced the water to wash herself off. I quietly stepped out of the shower, and dried off with a towel from a stack by the sink. Then, I retreated into the bedroom and quickly put my shorts and shirt back on. Moving to the door, I eased it open and glanced outside before stepping out. I sighed, feeling bad about leaving without saying anything, but knew it was for the best. Finding my truck just where I had left it, I quickly covered the road between the motel and my house.

"So did y'all have a good time last night?" my father asked, always early to rise.

"Yeah, same old thing." He would never know that I had only been a few miles away all night long, enjoying a party for two.