 I worked with her for years. From the time I met her she was just another woman, nothing stood out about her. In fact she was crude and almost tomboyish in nature. She didn’t give a crap about her job or the people she served, she was just there to make a quick buck. She got promoted not long after we started working together. Life at work started to change. In fact many times we clashed. We fought on many occasions about the stupidest shit. Often to the point that I felt like it was either her or me. I started looking for another job. 

Without notice we started to become friends again. Without any formal apologies or anything we were able to work together and became close. We started to share the joys and sorrows that happen throughout life. We complained to each other about our significant others, confided about personal issues, even went shopping together. When I got engaged she was the first person I told. She even helped me pick out the engagement ring. And when she got engaged I was so happy for her. She was slowly becoming my best friend. 

I slowly noticed that she started changing. She became more feminine. The crudeness that she was infamous for was still there but it was more refined, almost non-existent unless she was in my company. We were always so comfortable around each other. She cut her hair, started wearing make-up, and showing off that body of hers that I some how failed to notice. She normally wore baggy loose fitting clothes. She wasn’t a size two by any means; she was more of a size six to eight. Her ass wasn’t small, but it wasn’t large, there was no cottage cheese when she wore tight pants. I couldn’t believe it, after all these years I was finding her attractive; I had some strong sexual feelings for her. I didn’t know what to do. I had a wife; she was engaged and had a young child. She consumed my every thought; I couldn’t wait to get to work just to be around her. I started playing out scenarios in my head. Maybe the elevator would get stuck and we would only have each other. Perhaps bad weather would leave us alone together for the night, perhaps maybe we would be sent together on a business trip. I didn’t care what happened, I just wanted her any way that we could.

After many months of contemplating and going crazy, things slowly started developing. We would stay after work for a cigarette since we didn’t want our significant others to know. Often work forced us to stay together late at work with just the two of us. Patting each other on the ass like ballplayers wasn’t uncommon, a quick hug after an accomplishment, and things like that. The day that I had been waiting for finally arrived. 

The day didn’t seem to be heading into being a late one. Nothing major seemed to be going on. I was looking forward to heading home and just relaxing. Before we left she got a phone call. When she hung up I could tell that she was upset. I headed over to talk to her. As our co-workers started leaving, we sat there talking until we were the only ones left in the workplace. We walked to the break room to have a cigarette and continue our discussion. Her fiancé was being a prick again. She was upset and she reached over and hugged me, wishing her fiancé could be more like me. 

Then like magic it happened. Our lips locked in a kiss with passion I had never before experienced. Time stopped, as we pulled apart. Our eyes held each other. I know many thousand thoughts went through her head, because the same ones were going through mine. I knew that it was know our never. I brought my face back in close to hers and tasted the sweetness of the strawberry Chap Stick on those lips. I couldn’t get enough as our tongues explored each other’s mouths. We embraced like if we were to let go we would fall into a never-ending abyss. I reached down and grabbed a handful of that ass that I had until a few months ago not noticed. I was shocked when she did it back. I took a step back careful not to unlock her lips so that I could remove her business suit jacket and blouse. I reached back around so that I could unhook her bra. I ended up having to step back so I could undo the clasp ion the front. Her tits fell out and I quickly put my hands on them. They were perfect, not to small, not to big. I squeezed them and played with the nipples. I enjoyed the gasps and sighs. She started to undo my belt buckle, as she undid the button my pants fell to the floor. She then undid my tie and shirt and tossed them to the floor as well. Her mouth just started tracing a trail down my body, from my lips to chin, stopping on my neck, moving down to my chest and nipples. She playfully bit at them as she took my cock in her hand. She pumped and bit, I was in ecstasy, but nothing like when she put that gorgeous mouth on my shaft. The head of my penis passed her lips till I could feel her lips on my scrotum sack. She eagerly sucked and slurped at my cock. I wanted to explode in the back of her throat, but I didn’t want to lose the magic of the moment. 

It was my turn to please her orally. I undid her pants and dropped her thong to the floor. I lifted her unto the edge of the table. I took her right tit in my mouth first, then her left. I gave them as much attention as I could. I loved rolling her nipples around with my tongue. I was enjoying it as much as she was. Her moans got louder when I brushed my tongue along her clit. I inhaled deeply through my nose so that I could get a full feel for the sweet muskiness of her very moist and excited pussy. I licked and fingered that pussy into orgasm. I hope the cleaning lady wasn’t there yet, because those screams were enough to wake the dead. After she calmed down it was time. 

I stood up, laid her back on the table, and guided my 8 inches into her inviting pussy. It slid in there like a key in a lock. I just held it in there for a few minutes as she worked her vaginal muscles around my rod. I then started sliding in and out of her slowly building up a rhythm. I just fucked her and moaned along with her. I finally had this beautiful vixen bending her body to my will. Pleasing me just as much as I was pleasing her. She sat up and pushed me back. She stepped down onto the floor turned around and bent over sticking that ass into the air. I pulled in behind her and went right back to work on that cunt. I wanted my dick to give her another screaming orgasm before I came. I pumped away like a piston at her dripping pussy as her next wave of orgasm exploded like a dam. I didn’t want to stop but I wanted to cum so bad. I finally lost all self-control, and allowed my love muscle to fill her cunt with my cum. Breathing heavily I laid my chest on her back and breathed deeply in rhythm with her breaths. 

I still couldn’t believe it, I finally had her and she was everything I hoped she would be. We agreed that this wasn’t to be a one-time thing. We knew we wanted each other again and again. Work seemed like the best place, but knew there would be many rendezvous elsewhere.