 Miles Lider raised his brow at the picture in front of him. He wasn't bothered at the next applicant being a woman. What bothered him was the bubblegum. Why was the gum sparkling? Why was her bra showing? Who wears pig tails in their thirties? What sort of person would send a picture without their face in their resume? It all came down to the bubblegum, which was literally a bubble, and it was hiding her whole face. Miles rubbed his forehead, his silver wedding ring scratching skin.

Miles' office was roomy; there was enough space for two file cabinets, a jacket stand, four green plants and even a sink. There was no window. The other problem with the room was the lack of air conditioning, which was attributable to the building's dated design. On a sunny day like this, the coast of California was like a rain forest. Being stuck in this office conducting job interviews was Miles' idea of purgatory. He flipped the pages in the folder before him. Excluding the terrible photo, the woman's resume was oddly clean and succinct. Miles almost suspected someone had written her application and papers for her. 

"Prior employment," he murmured to himself, "waitress... camp instructor... construction worker?"

Each page of the resume was accompanied by a photo of the woman posing in the appropriate work uniform - bubblegum bubble hiding her face.

"Maybe I'm the one who needs to switch jobs," Miles sighed and buried his face in his palm.

Something fell out of the folder. It made no sound as it fell, but Miles felt it touch the sleeve of his suit. He raised his brow, bent down and picked it up. It was a tiny notebook; heart stickers on its cover. Miles opened it and read the first page.

"What in God's name..?" he whispered while staring at scribbled lines that filled page after page.

There was no title entry to explain the lines. The color of the ink varied, which meant the lines were drawn with different pens, possibly on different days. Was she keeping count of something? Miles explored this odd notebook a page at a time. The lines seized appearing on pages after about the halfway mark. They were replaced by numbers, rows and rows of numbers. A realization was dawning in the mind of the 35-year old.

A sudden knock at the door startled the man.

"Hallo! Can I come? Interview times?" a woman at the door asked.

Her blonde pig tails swayed as she tilted her head, grinning giddily. She skipped over the threshold, her football-sized breasts hopping under her white top - she wore no bra.

"S-sure, come on in. Your name was..?" Miles 

asked, suddenly not even remembering her name despite reading it only minutes ago.

"Su-Lee! Nice to meet ya!" the Asian greeted.

Her face was so covered in skin toner that not a single mold was visible. Her features were distinctly Asian, excluding her eyes, which weren't slinted. Her shoulders seemed too broad for a woman, but that was likely due to the padding of her beige-colored suit. Her miniskirt was also beige, which considering her lack of brassiere and star-shaped navel ring, was surprisingly professional-looking. Of course, in context with the rest of the woman's wardrobe, it wasn't enough to disperse a very opposite image. Miles watched the bouncing of her melons and listened to the creak of fabric. Her steps were far too long for her miniskirt, and her skirt naturally rolled up, flashing her panties. Her top, similarly, was barely able to hold her lolling D-cups in shape. As she reached his desk, Miles froze in place: the woman's proudly standing protrusions pushed at the thin fabric, their oppressively red shade showing. The woman's teeth chewed on a pink goo, which she made no effort to hide.

"Hi! Su-Lee!" she said, followed by a pop.

"You, uh, said that. Hello, Su-Lee", Miles said and got up from his char to offer his hand.

The Asian grabbed the hand and shook it with a smile. Her grip had more strength than Miles'.

"I didn't know ya would be black! So sexy!" Su-Lee blurted nonchalantly.

Miles let out a nervous laugh. He was blushing, but thanks to dark shade of his skin, it was barely visible. The woman reacted by raising her brow - her expression turned unreadable. The man felt his heart racing, and he suddenly feared she would notice his pulse through his hand. Nothing happened for an uncounted number of seconds. Then, the little bird loosened her grip, chirped, and nested on the chair in front of it. Miles hurried to follow suit. While sitting down, his mind raced to find an opening topic that would buy him time to recover. The pop of her gum was like a gun sound, and Miles shook in her suit.

"Miss... miss Su-Lee, uhm," he said, stretching his sentence, when an idea dawned on him midway between words, "oh, um, could you remove the gum? Please?"

"Sure thing," she said and gouged the gum from her teeth, then proceeded to gloo it... somewhere.

Miles blinked in surprise. The woman's hand movement suggested she had hidden the pink stuff somewhere. It wasn't under the desk however; that much Miles was sure of.

"What're ya staring, mister sir? My eyes are up here," Su-Lee said with a sunny grin.

"Oh, I'm terribly, terribly sorry-"

"I can show them to ya, if ya want," she said, interrupting Miles' apology, "I really don't mind! It's 40 degrees outside! I'm actually sweating like a pig! Why ya think I have no bra?"

The Asian spoke in a cheerful, panting voice. She smiled jovially while flapping her top's neck opening - did she really only want relief from heat?

"I don't... know. Uh, I mean, I don't mind, but... someone could walk in," Miles stammered.

"I'll lock the door!" Su-Lee said and sprung up her chair.

The little bird flew across the room, shed its feathers as it went, made the door lock sing and returned to her nest. Her jacket sitting in a lonely pile on the carpet, Su-Lee let out a sigh while grabbing her top. She pulled it over her head - Miles was too shocked to utter a word to stop her. The two mammary glands popped out of their flimsy confines, their sheer size causing gravity to pull down their shape. She was soft all over, like an unfinished clay statue, a true mountain of femininity. Her pig tails swayed as she tilted her head from side to side.

"I love a sunny day like this! Makes me wanna skinny-dip into a lake, haha!" she chuckled.

Miles replied with a stiff nod. Being face to face with a pair of breasts was nothing special to a married man. In principle, he didn't feel wrong about letting Su-Lee get comfortable. Even so, hers weren't some run-of-the-mill boobs. For starters, her nipples were stiff as two rock-hard cocks. Secondly, the boobs looked to be carbon copies of each other, which in Miles' experience shouldn't be possible. He blinked and forced his mouth open.

"So, uhum... Would you tell me, in your own words, what previous work have you done?" the man managed to ask.

"I'm, ya know, a model. I like showing my body. It's real pretty, don't ya think? I mean, my ass pays my bills, right? And I like the attention. You like my ass?" Su-Lee asked.

"Your behind is very nice, I am sure."

"I can show it to ya. Want me to moon for you?"

"Uhm, maybe later. Would you tell me more about your modeling?"

"Sure. I go to this studio in the city, right? It's like a block away from my flat. I show them my tits and they take pictures."

"They take..? You mean you're a..?"

"What? I can spell it for you, if ya need. Em o dee ee el. Mo-del. The "e" is silent, by the way."

Miles pretended to be writing notes on some paper. The more he tried to avoid watching Su-Lee's naked chest, the emptier he felt in his stomach. The visage of the baggy mounds fed him with a feeling similar to what he experienced watching old paintings. Her beauty alone was sustenance to the man.

"Yes, thank you for spelling it for me. What about... what else do you do besides... show them your body?" Miles asked.

"Depends really. Sometimes, or like, most of the time I guess, they bring other models too. We, like, pile up, do positions and they picture us. It's not hard exercise, but gets real sweaty!" Su-Lee revealed.

"A-ha. Do you enjoy this line of work?"

"It's pretty cool. I mean, like, I make so many friends with great bodies, it's pretty fun doing shoots with them, then meeting them outside work. We all see the same surgeon, you know? For group discounts, it's good having girlfriends. We've all had our lady bits done, like, custom-made. Worth more pay, ya know, when your pussy's real tiny on the pictures."

"I can imagine... Wait, what?"

"Yah. The photoguys always say, like, it should look untouched, ya know? When it looks tight, boys reading the mags cum harder. They like to look and think it's never been probed, haha!"

"Oh, sorry, did I miss the punchline?"

"Hmm, what?"

"You laughed. You were telling a joke, no?"

"Oh, no! It's just funny, 'cause my pussy looks like a virgin's, but it always gets action."

"Action?"

"Yea, 'cause I'm... can I tell you a secret, sir?"

Miles masked his gulp. As the woman leaned forward, her twin hills jiggled, although just mildly. Every inch that her painted smiling face neared him whipped his heart to pound faster.

"S-sure, I guess you can," he said with a dry mouth.

"I keep a diary how many I've been with. My number, since this morning's shoot, is close to... one hundred and fifteen," Su-Lee whispered.

"One hundred fifteen..?"

"Yah, but that's not counting my girlfriends. I don't count licking or rubbing."

"A-haa. So you have no qualms about... showing your body, nor about having sex with strangers?"

"Makes it more exciting, ya. Oh, and I suck a load here and there."

"I beg your pardon?"

"It's cheaper than a burger. I can, like, skip dinner. There ain't no calories in the fattest of loads. Ye, it helps keep my body from swelling too much!"

"Wait, wait, do you mean to say that you... give out blowjobs? To strangers?"

"Sure, a cock doesn't need a pretty face to be juicy. Want me to blow you?"

"You- what? You would suck me? Just like that?"

"Ya, sure, I skipped breakfast, so I'm kinda hungry. Got a load for me, mister sir?"

"As much as I would, eh... like that... I am very, very much married."

"Oh, we don't even need to touch! I'll just clean after you! Perfect crime, no body!"

She flicked her tongue, gazing at Miles, her moist mouth open. She spread her legs wide apart, exposing her light red panties. A dark, damp line was visible on the fabric. Droplets of sweat slid down her legs. Either the underpants were a size too small, or her clit was erect and throbbing. Truly, everything about her was big. Miles watched her silently, supposedly weighing his options, but not really. He was breathing in her scents, savoring every second with her, his mind void of thought. His hand moved on its own, it had already unzipped his pants. Under the desk it moved, stroking him slowly. His fingers had made their choice, even as he resisted in spirit. The woman saw the restless fidgeting of his arm, but Miles didn't care anymore.

"Playtime, mister Miles sir..?" she whispered while displaying her wriggling little tongue.

The woman closed her crotch and heaved her body from her chair. She rolled up her skirt while walking, her sweaty legs rubbing together, making faint splashy sounds. The only clothing she still wore were her sneakers, their rubber soles creaking, and her soaked panties. She brought with her a breeze of bodily odors - her perfume was mixed with her sweat, the combination so potent, it was the most alluring love potion. Her body, every hole in it, smelled of overflowing natural lubricants. Willing, wet and ready; she walked up to the erect black man with a moist pussy, oozing even from her tiny Asian mouth. All four of her lips were ready to munch on flesh and fluid alike.

Miles felt like fainting, he barely even remembered to breathe anymore. The woman brought her crevices right in front of the man, keeping only half a foot's distance. She playfully stepped on his toes before descending on the floor. She sat down, looking up at him, her painted face radiating, pig tails dancing. Her dripping tentacle of a tongue hadn't withdrawn back in her mouth since walking up to the man. While grabbing side glances of his ominously pulsing cock, she was salivating on to her breasts, shamelessly refusing to swallow her own spit. The transparent liquid pooled between her marinating melons, and she begun rubbing them against each other with her hands. The sounds they made were disgustingly wet, like a boot grinding on mud.

"You think it would be cheating if... shlllrp, mmh... I milked out your boy juices with these?" she asked with a coy voice, raising her breast and slipping her nipple in her mouth mid-sentence.

"Ye-yes, that would be too much. I think the, uh, original p-plan was better," the man uttered.

"You sure, shhlp, mister Miles sir?" she asked a second time, giving her other nipple a lick.

"I... yes, I am sure."

Hearing his answer, Su-Lee's expression melted. She bit her lip anxiously, like a little girl waiting for candy. A growl, like that of a wild animal, echoed in the room. The shameless Asian rubbed her lumpy tummy suggestively, staring into Miles with her twinkling eyes.

"Mmh, is my lunch ready soon? Please? I'm so hungry it hurts," she described, sighing deeply.

While still talking, one of her hands slipped below, sliding behind the last little curtain hiding her lady lips. Inaudible sounds whispered of lewd things happening out of sight. She leaned closer, her nose only inches from touching the man's glans. The hot breeze of her breath caressed the man's fingers and cock.

"Looks so yummy..." she sighed longingly, every syllable like a rain drop.

She closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide open. Her head twitched in sync with her masturbation, growing in intensity every passing minute.

Miles looked down at the dog of a woman, imagining how her family might think of her. It was clear that she had spread her legs to more dicks than most women would in their lifetimes. She was a slut through and through, a slave to the greed and whims of her cunt. She whored herself as she pleased, for money and for free. She showed her body to strangers, had dirty men take pictures of her and publish them in magazines. She perversely reveled in the thought of both middle-aged men and teenage boys blowing their loads ogling her spread-out pussy. There was not a hint of shame on this cockwhore's face. Her makeup was so thick, it was like a mask, one which she likely wore to compensate for the boring, forgettable face under it. So total was her devotion to attract cock, her choice of mascara was absolutely water-proof. It would not melt, no matter how much heat her fat sponge of a body drained from its surroundings. Her dyed hair, sticky and dripping with sweat, held its form incessantly. The one hundred and fifteen men whose cocks this bitch had sucked and humped were still inside her, the polishing work of their dicks showing in her every lump. The aborted souls of the babies she'd pumped out of her womb with morning after pills cried in hell because of her. She was disgusting, godless, the epitome of a dirty, debased cumwhore. There was no telling how many diseases she had contracted. Like a rotting carcass with flies buzzing around her, the woman smelled of piss and ovulation and AIDS. Her attire, unfit for a slut so fat and grotesque, was barely enough to hide the ugliness of her cellulite. So inhumanly ugly she was, she was as much a human as a skinned gorilla. Like a dying elephant shitting its last before jackals gnaw out its eyes and gut, she quivered in despair and hunger. She was pissing on the carpet, her toilet of a mouth like a courtyard of white gravestones. The crazed, lustful gaze of her eyes was void of intelligence, she was more of a pig than a human.

Miles shook his head in exasperation. This fat shameless bitch carried every stone of her form with an unyielding sense of unearned pride. She panted like a dog in heat, oozing cunt juice to accompany the thick pool of piss on the floor. She secreted sweat from every square inch of her carcass. Oodles of spit ran down her jiggling tits and stomach. She sat there naked, blushing, tongue sticking out, offering her digestive system to act as a processing plant for the man's cock milk. Suddenly she begun fidgeting, barely squealing a reaction; a routine orgasm untapped her pussy, and a torrent of revolting juices spat to the floor. She wheezed and sighed, pupils turning wide like she was on drugs.

The pressure in Miles' balls became too much. The gush of jizz jumped up his urethra, its spear head piercing the woman's tongue - she didn't dodge, tilt back, just barely flinched. The load was like a bullet flying in slow motion, the slimy trail painting her chin even paler than it already was. Su-Lee stood her ground firmly, her vast sexual experience becoming more apparent by the second. Cum flowed freely into the toilet, like a swarm of flies to a lump of honey. Her grin sliced her face in half, eyes wet with freely-running tears. The snowball in her mouth melted quickly, forming a sea of milk, in the middle of which her tongue protruded, like some dead island. Runaway lines of cum tucked in her nostrils, giving her a runny mustache.

"Ahh, hohh, ya came ho hald, Ailes," Su-Lee gasped, not swallowing his well-earned prize.

Miles stared down at the woman for a second, then sprung up his chair. His dick, still pumping out trickles, still standing hard, was pointing right at her. Su-Lee bent her neck backwards, her hole hanging open. The large, bald, black man towered high above her, his flesh sword wet with human excretions. Su-Lee gazed right back at the brown, flaming eyes of her interviewer. She squeezed her boobs between her arms, jiggled them playfully and sighed in a pronounced manner. She closed her eyelids and gulped loudly, the fat load sliding down her throat without a hitch.

"Oh, oopsie. Did ya wanna watch longer?" she chuckled teasingly.

"Bend over," Miles groaned.

The Asian lowered her painted brows. The deep tone of the man's voice emitted a determined, authoritarian will to dominate. As she got down on all-fours to turn her body around, she flashed a solemn, victorious smirk. She pointed her ass upwards, not even removing the panties now clinging to her slit. She uttered not a word more, but wiggled her ass girlishly, sending a clear message to the rock-hard cock behind it. 

"Come and conquer me," her body said. Miles heard her loud and clear.

So wet was her cunt reeling from her previous orgasm, it needed only a single thrust to be stuffed. Miles entered her deepest point with ease, filled her with no sense of exploration. He rammed into her, butt cheeks flapping, then withdrew and rammed her again. His motions were made easy only due to the lubrication, but her tightness was actually overwhelming. Her abdominal muscles were far sterner than they looked. The little ribs and bumps of her tunnel massaged his shaft hungrily. Considering her unparalleled experience, it was surprising how powerful the grip of her pussy was. For a little while the Asian just stood there like an object, but then suddenly, she started moving. After two or so awkward pushes, she matched his rhythm perfectly. Miles grabbed her hips and fucked her, like a horse. Throughout all their pumping, the woman didn't scream a single note. Her ass flapped more loudly than she sighed. Her restless fingers played with her pink clit, the uneven stimulation prompting sudden convulsions of her tunnel. It was too much for the man who could feel his climax encroaching.

"Y-you... how you want it?! How, tell me now!" Miles growled.

"In! In! Let it out and cream me like a man!" Su-Lee yelled back.

"You better be on fucking the pill!" he exhaled and pumped his last, long strokes to ensure his seed would reach the woman's womb.
