 My name is Joe. I feelings and desires for a woman I met online several years ago. Her name is, Babygirl. My feeling for her run deep and every time I think of her my skin trembles. The thought of her luscious body and unique personality makes my cock as hard as steel. 

We have only been conversing through emails. Both of us are in a committed relationship. Therefore, this decision was hard for me to make. It was not until recently, that I have started fantasizing about actually meeting her. Not only do I want to talk to her, but hold her in my arms and kiss her sweet lips. Then I will slowly stripping away her clothing and admire her beautiful body. Then drive my cock deep within her hot wanting pussy.

Babygirl is a writer of erotic poems, stories and emails. She has a nice way of removing the reader's inhibitions. As for me, her words open my introverted mind and make me want to reveal my inner most feelings and desires. I like her because she is a sensual sensitive playful lady who is willing to share her feelings and thoughts with me. 

In my mind, I replay the scenario over and over again. I want that special day to be something we both can remember for a lifetime. 

Babygirl arrived this morning on the 10 am train. She is quietly hidden away in an out of the way hotel on a secludes beach. We have all weekend to romp and play.

So here, I stand dressed in shorts and a t-shirt outside her door at 4pm wondering if we play the game of lovers or eat first. I knock lightly on the door and Babygirl opens the door. We look at each other, smile seductively then I pull her into my arms and kiss her hello. 

She pulls me into the room and closes the door and returns the kiss with one that will make my toes curl. In my mind I am yelling, "Oh fuck, you are more beautiful then I imagined." 

Babygirl's fuller figure with it great curves and awesome breast leaves me speechless. Her fragrance and warm sensual body next to me gets an instant hard on. We continue to embrace as she moves her legs and rubs my hard member with her hot body. We continue this for a moment then she tells me to sit down and drink some refreshing water because she wants to go for a stroll on the beach before dinner. 

Babygirl noticed my moans and the wet spot on my shorts. She looks at me and says, "Joe, I like you, but it looks like your cock has a mind of its own. Are you able to walk and talk as we stroll down the beach? Then she winks and her enticing grin tells me she is ready for seductive fun. As I gaze into her eyes, I can see that we have mutual feeling and desires. 

Babygirl then said, "To hell with the beach darling, remove your clothes so that I can take you out of the pain you are in. I can tell you are not only shy, but modest as well, but that cock of yours tells me its horny, and I could swear I heard it say, "Lets fuck!"

I slowly remove my clothing to reveal an eight-inch cock. The hardest hard on I ever had in a very long time.

She winks at me and said, "Oh Joe, you do like me! I can tell as more precum oozes from your hot cock. I cannot wait to taste you and feel it buried deep inside this hot shaved cunt!"

As I look at her, Babygirl hurriedly strips, her hard nipples and glistening pussy hairs tells me she wants me just as much as I want her. I pull her close look into her seductive green eyes and utter, "Suck my cock doll!"

Babygirl knees in front of me and kisses the end of my manhood and I almost cum right then and their. Oh fuck, I love the feel of a woman's lips on my cock and balls. She slowly engulfed my cock and began fucking my cock with her hot mouth.

I grabbed her head and said, "Oooooh fuck! Suck it baby, suck it deep and hard, I want to cum down your throat ....for starters!" 

Babygirl is sucking my cock like a pro and when I look down, she has her fingers in her pussy. I tell her to stop for a moment so we can take this hot action onto the bed. I guide her to the bed and lay on my back then say, "Now my hot cum slut, straddle my face and let me eat that sweet box of yours. Then as I dine on pussy-pie lower those hot lips of yours onto my cock!  Its time we traveled that 69 highway into the sunset."

It seemed that as we wrote to each other on Email our feelings and desires for each other were becoming more intense and open. Babygirl made me comfortable and she makes me feel like a man. She is all woman intellectually and physically. Her beautiful luscious body was sensual like that of a gorgeous Greek goddess.

The fullness of her breasts and pussy aroused me to such extent I had to fuck her now. I had planned a slow walk on the beach, along with a blanket, a few drinks and a slow and deliberate seduction. Nevertheless, my thoughts and inhibitions dropped to the floor when I got into bed with Babygirl. 

Babygirl asked me if I walk the talk. Do I really mean what I say, want and fantasize? Do I really want her and want to fuck her until her eyes are crossed hearing her screaming with sheer pleasure. 

I was going to ask Babygirl about her feelings and desires. I said, "Yes!" Before I knew it she was sucking my hard cock as I began licking, sucking and tonguing her wet pussy. 

Babygirl was moaning as she sucked up all of my precum. Oh god, when she stroked and deep throated my cock, deep inside me I started to climax. She grabbed my cock and balls and held my from climaxing. 

Babygirl's pussy was going up and down on my tongue. Then all the sudden she started squirming and rubbing her pussy firmly into my face and mouth. I had kissed a pussy once, but I had never become one with a pussy. 

Oh fuck, she was driving crazy with pain and pleasure. I was having trouble breathing. 

I eagerly continued sucking, my tongue tasted her nectar flowing from her wet velvet pussy.  Ooooh fuck, this was the first time I had ever experienced a woman's orgasm. 

Babygirl released her gripped and my little Joe exploded in her mouth. She kept playing with my balls and sucking while jerking and squirming her whole body on me. I bit her clit and she screamed and started to cum again. As I kept eating her, she kept coming repeatedly. By this time, I was drained and happy. 

Babygirl rolled off me, turned around and lay next to me with her awesome tits pressing into the side of my chest. She wiped some cum off my chin and places the it into my mouth with her finger.

I sucked her finger while she wrapped her other hand around little Joe once more. And of course, little Joe started to show a little life. She kissed me hard and uttered, "Joe, you express your feelings very well."

Babygirl gripped little Joe harder and a little bit of sperm came to the tip. She smiled and bent down to lick and sucks it off. Then she spread my legs as far apart as they could go and then some and then started my cock again.

I held her head as I fucked her mouth and said, "Fuck time has just began to hell with walking on the beach!"