 It first started when I was 18. My first semester in University, on campus away from family and loved ones, on the other side of an island.

I met a foreigner, lets call him "Johnny". Johnny was international and had the sexiest accent I had ever heard. He was smart- wanting to go into medicine; and he was good at chess- a game I still suck at at.

My roommates had introduced me to Johnny in week 2, as he was late from vacation. I instantly liked him, we had lots in common and we both loved to read stories. I'd frequent his room often- an all boys dorm. We'd stay up and read scripts from online stories until one day I told him about my own hand written stories.

I promised to show him the book in my room and he followed me there. It was noon and everyone was still in classes. My classes had already ended for the morning.

The rooms were pretty small- only fitting a bed against a window, a computer desk beside and closet by the door. You couldn't take a full couple of strides without getting to the door.

I had found the book and he sat on my bed reading it- while I watched his facial expressions. Awaiting any criticism or scrutiny. At the end, he smiled and I knew he liked it. I smiled back.

Closing in on me, he kissed me. I liked him, so I didn't refuse. I'd had sex once before but I hadn't liked it, so I didn't expect to be doing it with Johnny.

He knew about my traumatic experience and I told him I didn't want to have sex. He told me that was fine but asked if he could kiss other places. I didn't refuse. He took my clothes off for me and then his own. I was never so happy that I had shaved my nether regions that day.

He started at my lips, with just a gentle brush of his lips, licking the outside, teasing until he pushed his tongue further into my mouth to explore. I opened up to him, arms wrapping around his neck and legs automatically engulfing his lower torso. His erection against my wet spot made me go insane. He started gyrating against me and that little wet, rubbing sensation around my clitoris kinda did cart wheels over me.

I reminded him, he wasn't to go inside me and he promised no penetration. We kissed for a while, his hands going to my breasts to squeeze and manipulate them. Hands going to my hair to pull my head back as he found my neck. Like a vampire to a sweet maiden, he found the bounding pulse at the side of my neck and began to lick at it like a dog lapping at water. Then teasing bites and nibbles before we graduated to a suck and I couldn't help but lose my breath.

I let out a moan of pleasure I never knew I had in me and he covered my mouth instantly, as we were no longer alone. My roommates had come back and the one adjoining my room had brought friends. They knew I was home and they definitely knew Johnny was there too- our shoes were at the door.

I heard a knock at my door, Johnny hadn't stopped fondling me. His hand still over my mouth, he moved his tongue over my nipples. Licking and caressing them with his tongue, driving me insane. My eyes began to roll when the knock came again, this time asking if I was okay. Johnny released my mouth for the slightest second for me to respond hoarsely that I was fine just busy, before he pushed both my breasts together with his hands and motor-boated my nipples with his tongue. I bit my tongue trying to stifle the moan as he began to grind against my wet spot again.

Over and over he rubbed against me, and the faster he did, the wetter I got. Before I knew it my pelvis began to raise against his and he entered me. I was so slick, I hadn't noticed he was inside. I began to wonder what this amazing feeling was until I looked down between us to where our bodies met and saw for myself.

I asked him then what he was doing, and told him to pull out. The moment he did, my legs began to shake uncontrollably and my passion started to drain. What was happening to me? He paused... out of me, above me, looking at me. Then I told him to put it back in, tears welling up in my eyes. It had felt incredible and my body seemed to love the feeling. I was shocked there was no pain and he told me it's because I was so wet. He thrusted back into me, this time less gentle and my voice gave way. I moaned aloud and he had to put the pillow over my face. I could breathe just fine for the time being but my voice was muffled.

He began to pump my pussy now with his cock. Going faster and harder. If you thought my moans were bad, those slapping noises we made together was definitely bad. To make things worse, the bed started to creak and push against the wall making those head banging noises. There was no way I could leave my room now and people not know we were fucking. To make things worse, I just did it bareback with a foreigner I hadn't known for longer than 2 weeks.

First time away from home, awesome life choices. He fucked me as if I've been a nympho all my life. Until he randomly stopped. He didn't cum, so I was curious as to what was going on. His face went between my legs and one flick of his tongue and I started thrashing. I tried to push his face away but he had my legs over his shoulders and a death grip on my thighs. He looked up at me with his mouth completely covering my pussy and I had to find other places to put my hands. I started pulling at the sheets. Gritting my teeth and trying to breathe normally. He zoned in on my clit and licked, sucked, swirled, twirled, bit down over and over and over until my back bowed. I thought I was exorcising a demon. My hands went for my mouth because the scream that was about to come to my throat would be meant for police. My body shook uncontrollably and the pleasure just wouldn't stop as Johnny wouldn't stop.

I began to plead now, asking him please through gritted teeth to stop. He looked up at me through the wetness of my thighs and stopped. Getting up on his knees he pulled my pelvis towards his still erect and twitching cock and entered me. I gasped and he smiled. He pounded away at me like some whore; My pussy already wet and throbbing from climaxing and the pleasure from his ramming into my flesh from a fresh climax almost did me over again. I started begging him to stop, but he only bent down to kiss me.

It was then I tasted myself, I knew what I tasted like but never from the lips of another man. I kissed him back, hard and fast liking what was in my mouth. He pushed my legs as far back to my head as it would go and rammed into me hard and fast, his balls slapping against my asshole. I couldn't breathe- the kiss, the position, the sensation of him hitting my G spot was all too much until he pulled out and came all over my stomach. My legs began that uncontrollable shivering again and we waited until I stopped.

For a second I could only hear the pounding in my ears and my ragged breathing. Johnny grabbed a kleenex I had on my dresser and cleaned me up. My eyes began to focus after a while and I listening to see if anyone was still in the dorm. He got up, got dressed and prompted me to do the same. My limbs just didn't work so well, I was hazy from actually having a guy make me climaxing and liking sex all in one. But we had to get him out of the female dorm before people came back.

I opened the door a bit and looked around, I saw no one. All their doors were closed. I went to the entrance and unlocked it to let Johnny out. He kissed me at the door and he was gone. I smiled to myself as I touched my lips

This was the beginning of a new love. I saw Johnny almost every day for a whole semester. My love for sex had only just begun.