 Chapter 2: Spiced Up 

It might make this story a bit more interesting if you were to read the first installment, Joe's recovery, just to get an easy feel for the story.

This writer would appreciate any and all constructive comments on his work. Thank you and enjoy.

It has been three weeks since Vicky began to learn how to make love instead of just having sex. Joe has been getting better in spite of, or possibly because of Vicky's lessons.

Friday afternoon Vicky came bouncing into Joe's house with a big smile on her face. "And what has you feeling so good?" asked Joe.

"Well... I've got a big favor to ask of you," says Vicky

"Ut oh!" smiles Joe. "OK what is it?"

"I met this girl at school that told me that she had paid all of her college expenses by having these parties for girls," starts Vicky. "And she is looking for someone to take over for her since she is going to be graduating in June."

"What does she sell, plastic dishes?" jokes Joe.

"Oh no. Ladies fashions," says Vicky. "All kinds of ladies fashions."

"And?" says Joe.

"Well I want to have a party with her to see how it works," states Vicky. "You know I can't have it at mom's house, so I thought that maybe you would let me have it here."

"A ladies fashion show," smirked Joe, "here in my house."

"Well I'd clean it up a bit and have to move some chairs around, but yes this would work really good," said Vicky while thinking.

"And where would I be during all this?" asked Joe, "in the back bedroom under lock and key?"

"No silly," giggles Vicky, "right there in your big chair with all us girls to wait on you hand and foot."

Vicky's sales job was slowly getting to Joe. She could tell that his wheels were slowly turning the idea around in his head. "And how many girls will there be at this party?" he asks.

"Well I haven't invited anybody yet," says Vicky as she counts on her fingers, "but no more than ten."

Joe slowly looked around the room, "it might get a little tight with all of us in this room sweetie," said Joe, "but as long as it's only ten, and they're naked, I guess it's OK."

"All right," shouted Vicky. "Wait a minute Joe, what do you mean naked?"

"I'm going to be naked, so they will have to be the same," states Joe. "I'm not putting on a show for them you know."

"But Joe...

"I'm just kidding sweetie," laughed Joe. "Bring on the girls and let's get this part going."

"OH thank you Joe," smiled Vicky

"I just hope you know what you're getting me into, cause it a sure thing that I have no idea at all."

"Don't worry Joe," smiled Vicky, "I'll take care of everything."

'Famous last words,' thought Joe.

Vicky climbed up on Joe's lap and gave him a big kiss and then picked up the phone and confirmed the date with someone called Patty. "OK Joe," she says as she hangs up the phone, "It's all set for next Thursday at 6 pm."

"That doesn't give me much time to have my hair and nails done Vicky," joked Joe. "And I suppose that I'll have to wear clothes for this shin-dig too, huh?"

"Well," pondered Vicky, "I prefer that the girls look at the fashions instead of your naked body Joe."

"Ah shucks," whines Joe, "Well OK, if you insist," says Joe with a smile.

For the next few days, Vicky would show up at Joe's to clean and primp around the house. Wednesday she came in with her arms full of grocery bags and spent the evening in the kitchen. Every time Joe tried to get another drink; Vicky would get it for him and then run him back out.

Late that evening, Vicky turned out the kitchen lights and climbed into Joes lap. She pushed her arm under his and lay her head on his shoulder and fell asleep. Joe wrapped his arm around her and reclined his chair, then slowly dosed off himself.

The sun was up when Vicky moved for the first time, and opened her eyes to see that Joe was still asleep. When she tried to gently get to her feet, Joe woke with a slight start. "Oh, morning darling," smiled Joe.

"Mornin Joe," said Vicky as she stretched. "I'm awful sorry Joe, I didn't mean to fall asleep on top of you like that. Are you all right?"

"Oh yes," smiled Joe. "I haven't slept that good for a long time darling. The only problem I have is the same one that I've had for fifty years," he adds as he looks under his blanket at his morning hard on.

"OH no," said Vicky with a concerned look on her face. "Is there something I can do Joe?"

"Well...," says Joe, "you can hold it while I take a piss if you want to."

"Ohhhhh that problem," giggled Vicky. Always being up for a challenge she says, "OK. Come along with me and let' get it taken care of then." When Joe got up out of his char, Vicky grabbed his cock and began leading him into the bathroom. When he was finished Vicky asked, "Now doesn't that feel better?"

"Yes it does," admitted Joe. "But as you can see, that didn't solve the problem. I still have a rather stiff joint."

"Maybe if I massage it, then it will loosen up some," suggested Vicky with a wicked look in her eye. She slowly began to stroke his cock as she led him into the bedroom and onto the bed. She quickly got naked and seductively crawled up nest to Joe on the bed, slipping gently into his arms.

Joe began to slowly and softly stroke her body, easing her up on top of him. He spread his legs and pushed hers together, with his cock trapped between them. She began to move her hips causing her clitty to rub across his cock and pubic hair, yielding soft guttural moans of pleasure from her. Joe was squeezing her legs together with his and savoring all the wonderful sensations that she was causing with her wiggling.

She could feel his cock throbbing and pulsating between her legs. The way his hands were stroking her back and kneading her butt, were bringing closer to loosing control. She wanted him in her, and now wouldn't be soon enough for her, but he had her legs trapped and she couldn't do anything but LET GO!

"OH GEEEEEEE,' she screamed as her climax suddenly engulfed her. All of a sudden she was bathing Joe's cock with her juices as she spasmodically writhed in his arms.

As she was nearly through, Joe released her legs, pulled her up to him and then pushed her back, sliding his cock into her quivering pussy.

"OH MY G...," she exclaimed as she was swiftly filled with his cock, instantly causing another climax. Her fingernails dug into his skin as she held on for all she was worth.

"Joe...OH JOE....," was all she could shout as he began to move inside her. Joe had squeezed her legs together again after entering her, causing her clitty to rub the full length of his stroke. Vicky could not get control of herself as she continued to experience orgasm after orgasm with little or no break between them.

Joe rolled her over on her back with out loosing a stroke. Then with his feet he spread her legs and slipped into her as far as he could. He began to make full strokes deep into her dripping pussy as she met him each time. Even though the strokes were slow and easy, Vicky was gasping hard, still writhing and thrashing her head back and forth.

While leaning on his elbows, Joe held her head still, looked into her eyes, kissed her tenderly and made one last deep push into her and Cumming hard and fast deep in side her causing yet another massive orgasm. They groaned into each others mouths, and she arched her back and held it for a long time before beginning to collapse back onto the bed. They held each other tightly, eyes closed, breathing hard, enjoying their love making as long as they could.

Joe soon fell asleep and Vicky cuddled up close to him and dosed off too. 

It was nearly noon when Joe woke to find that they were sleeping on a soggy bed. When he looked at Vicky, he noticed that her hair was a matted mess, but he could tell that she was very contented in her sleep.

After struggling through a shower, what with being totally spent, he decided to wake her so she could get ready for her party. When he kissed her, she wrapped her arms around his neck and held on tight. When they finally parted, Joe noticed that Vicky had a kind of glow about her. The glow of a full grown lady, and it looked good on her.

"Now that's what I call breakfast in bed," said Joe.

"Mmmmmmm, scrambled eggs and whipped cream," giggled Vicky.

"And although it was very very good," smiled Joe, "I'm still hungry. Do you think we cn find something for lunch that will stick to our ribs?"

Vicky jerked her head to look at the clock, "Great galloping gophers," she shouts as she tries to get out of bed. "Its afternoon Joe!" she exclaims, "the girls will be here soon and I'm not ready yet." She still couldn't get her legs to work the way she wanted and nearly fell down the first time she stood up. "Good lord," she says holding tightly to Joe's arm. "I may have to have the party in the bedroom lying down," she laughed at herself. "I may never walk again."

"Naaaaaaa, we'll get you into the shower and you'll be a new girl in just a bit," reassures Joe.

Vicky looked like she had been swallowed up by a terrycloth monster when she came out of the bathroom in Joe's robe. "Sit down and eat those sandwiches I make for you," said Joe.

"All right! Real food," said Vicky as she started to eat. "Bla blurb ba blee..."

"Don't talk with your mouth full little girl," laughed Joe.

After swallowing her food, "little girl huh," she said with a phony frown. "I was trying to say thank you for the lunch you old fart," she adds with a giggle.

"You're welcome," said Joe with a sly grin.

I wonder just what happened at that party, maybe the next offering will tell all of us huh?