 This is a true story, the names and location have been changed to protect the innocent and the horny. 

*

I met Jane on her first day of work, and she was one of those women that made you immediately horny and ready for action. My first glimpse of her was her ass as she was bent over reading something on the desk in the staff conference room. I saw this sweet tight ass that I just wanted to walk up to fondle and caress.

Jane is 5'2" and weighs about 100 lbs. soaking wet. She has mid back length red hair and such a cute face that she could make a dead man hard. Her breasts are about the size if a big Christmas orange. It was an amazing package. 

She was working her first day on the unit in the hospital that I work at. I am an orderly and it turned out that she was the nurse responsible for the group of patients that I was assigned to. 

After she had received report from the night nurse, she had met with me so that we could plan our day. I was having trouble concentrating on what she was saying, but I managed to get all the info I needed to work that day. Jane spent most of her day just trying to keep up as this was all new to her.

At the end of the day, we met to talk about the day so that she could pass on any info that she had to so that the next shift would be able to work.

As it turned out, she was scheduled to work exactly the same shifts I was, as she had taken an open position that had been vacated by a retiring nurse. In a way I was glad as the nurse that retired was a bit of tyrant.

As the months went on I found that we started to build a real sense of team work. We always seemed to get along at work and the shifts always went well no matter what happened. I also noticed that she seemed to be a little closer to me, as there was always a special smile and sometimes a wink. I also noticed that she started to wear a different makeup and perfume. This was based on conversations that we had had during coffee breaks.

She always looked hot when we worked and I seemed to be walking around with a hard on, that thanks to hospital uniforms was never noticeable. As the months wore on, we would spend most of our time together at work, even finding places where we could be alone so that we could have conversations without someone else hearing. She started to complain about her marriage, as her husband, (a fourth year resident at another hospital) never seemed to be at home and when he was he was always sleeping. She complained one time that she hadn't had sex for almost six months, and that the toys only relieved part of the need.

About a year in to our working relationship, we had a chance to go to a staff party that was being held for two nurses that were retiring. We were both off that night and the next day so we made plans to go. She told me that she was going to invite her husband if he could come. Well it turned out that he couldn't so she called me on the Friday and asked if I could give her a ride to the party.

I picked her up and found that she lived just around the corner from me. It seemed strange that we had never run into each other in the neighbourhood, but that didn't matter.

We had a great time at the party, and she was a little tipsy when we left. I gave her a ride home and then went home myself. I had just dealt with some messages on my phone, when I heard a knock at the door. Jane was standing there with a sad look on her face.

She said, " Do you mind if I come in, I need some company. The ass hole get the weekend off and instead of spending some time with me, he arranged a golfing weekend for him and a couple of his buddies. So now he off golfing and I am stuck at home by myself again."

I told her to come in and led her into the living room. I offered her a drink which she accepted, and soon we were sitting on the couch talking, more her venting about her husband, me listening, thinking that I would love to carry her into the bed room and fuck her senseless.

After about an hour of her venting and us talking about her marriage, she got up to go to the bathroom. When she came back she said, " I want you to do me a favour. I want you to close your eyes and not open them until I tell you too" "OK," I replied.

After I closed my eyes, I heard some ruffling going on and then I felt her straddle me.

She said, "Now when you open your eyes, you have to guess my condition and what I need to fix it. Ready, open your eyes."

When I opened my eyes, she was straddling me, and she only had on a thong pair of panties. She had redone her makeup and had put on a touch of perfume. God she looked so hot.

I said, "You are horny and you need sex to make you better."

"Very good, give the man a cigar, better yet, give me the man's cigar"

I was not going to turn down this opportunity. I leaned in and kiss her, and she kissed back. I nibbled her neck and then slowly licked and sucked on her nipples. When I took one of the nipples into my mouth she pulled my head to her chest and moaned deeply.

I told her to wrap her legs around me as I stood up and I carried her to the bed room. As I let her on the bed, she looked at me with a look of total lust in her eyes. I knew that this was going to be an amazing night.

As she was getting under the covers, I ripped my clothes off, and I reached into the bedside table to get a little blue pill. I wasn't going to let her need be frustrated by my running out of steam.

As I climbed in to the bed she saw my cock, and she commented that it was going to be fun being that full tonight. (I am not real long but I have a 2 ½ diameter.) We laid necking for a long time while I spent time caressing and stroking her body. I purposely stayed away from her pussy, as I wanted to make that wet all by myself. 

After a while, I slowly kissed my way to her breasts again. I licked and nibbled and pinched and sucked on them.. God I loved her tits. They were perfect, perky and so firm and they felt so good and tasted even better.

I couldn't wait though to get to her pussy. I eventually kissed and licked my way to her pussy. It was already covered with dew, and I used the tip of my tongue to slowly lick up just the outside lips tasting her sweet moisture. The taste was that of a sweet orange, and the sweet musky smell of her started to emanate from her.

I licked and sucked on her lips for a long time and then slowly found my way to her clit. It seemed that the moment I started to lick it she started to cum. She arched her back and grabbed the sheets as she came hard, the juices flowed out of her, and I tried to suck them all up.

My sucking on her pussy as she came, seemed to extend the orgasm. When she finally settled, I started to build her up to another. I made her cum three times before I slowly moved back up her body.

She said, "I want your cock in me and I don't care if it rips me apart."

I suggested that she get on top and take her time. She wasn't sure if she could get the whole thing in her, but she straddled me and tried to get my cock into her.

After a couple of minutes of trying, she looked at me with a look of frustration. I reached over and grabbed my KY from the table and I used it to grease my cock and the outside of her pussy.

After we were lubed up, she tried again and she actually got the head in. She worked slowly and got about an inch and half in and then all of a sudden she just drove down on it taking all that she could. There was look of pain and lust in her eyes at the same time. I wasn't quite all in but I figured with time it would all go in.

She moved up and down a few times and we started to feel comfortable. She rolled us over and looked at me with those fuck until I pass out eyes.

I started stroking slowly letting her open up a little more, so that I wouldn't hurt her, or my self. I could see that it was getting to her so I started to stroke a little faster.

Al I heard from her was, "Oh my good God, that feels amazing, I have never been so full."

I continued to fuck her, trying to hold myself off. She was arching to meet me with each stroke, and soon she was moaning as she started to cum. I fought hard not to cum as I wanted more of this tight sweet pussy.

We started to fuck after she came down, and I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold off this time.

As she started to cum, she moaned at me, "Fill me baby, cum and fill me full, let me feel you hot cum shooting into me."

That was all I needed, and I started to shoot into her. I shot about six big wads as she came hard squeezing my cock as she came.

As we finished cumming, I rolled her over and she just laid her head on my chest. 

After a few moments of trying to catch our breath, she said, "God that was so good, I haven't felt that fucked in such a long time. It felt so good having you cum in me. I just love the feeling of cum shooting into me. I find that so incredibly satisfying."

As I softened, she slid off of me and snuggled up with her head on my chest. I laid there for a while just stroking her back and ass. She suddenly got up and started to lick my cock. She said, "I don't know if I can get that in my mouth but I am going to give it a good try."

She licked and sucked on the head and soon I was real hard again. She couldn't get more than a couple of inches into her mouth, but she was giving it all she could.

After about ten minutes of her sucking me, she straddled me and mounted my cock again. She rode me hard Cumming twice and then just when I thought I was going to cum again she rolled us over and we fucked until I filled her one more time.

I don't know what time it was when we finally fell asleep but she slept all night with her head on my chest.

The next morning, as we awoke, She said, "I have to get going just in case the asshole is looking for me."

She got dressed and was soon on her way home.

It is Sunday night and I was just getting ready to go to bed, when I heard a knock on the door. Jane was standing there again but this time she had a small suitcase with her. After she came in and we hugged, I looked at her with huge question on my face. She said, "I have left the asshole, when he got home to night there was no apology or anything, he just went upstairs, had a shower and went to work. I have had it with him, and I am getting rid of him. Can I stay here for a few days until I figure out what I am going to do.?"

I told her she could stay as long as she wanted. She jumped up and wrapped her legs around me and kissed me hard and deep. As she got back down, she headed for the bedroom. As went to lock up I thought tomorrow is going to be a rough day at work, but I sure we will get through. I wasn't wrong. In fact the next few days were rough, but we seemed to have found a rhythm and our nights together are so filled with love that I couldn't be happier.

She promised me that we will be able to try anything I want as long as we can try the things she wants.

I look forward to the future.