 By way of background: We met John Hansen in the story Charlie Gets a Little. He is the very loyal and hard-working assistant to the photographer, Charlie Wentworth. Nicole is an assistant to the make-up artist on the job in that story. Johnny has scored a date for dinner with Nicole.

Johnny was a very happy camper as he stepped out of the shower and dried himself off. 

He had high hopes for the evening and maybe even longer term. 

Nicole was a blonde with straight, shoulder length hair and a flawless complexion which; in his imagination, extended clear down to her toes. 

She was diminutive and, no other word for it, cute. She was also demure, almost to point of being shy and he was surprised when she accepted his offer to drive her home and even more surprised when she said she would have dinner with him later the next evening.

He hoped she wouldn't break if he tried to make out with her. There wasn't any doubt that it was a chance he would have to take. If she broke, she broke, but he would have to try.

Johnny put on a tweed sport coat, an open necked shirt and blue jeans. Very cool he thought. It was about as formal as he ever got.

He was actually whistling as he got into his bright red Lexus convertible and headed out to the apartment building where he had dropped Nicole off earlier in the day.

Traffic was light and it was a pleasant 30 minute drive to her apartment.

He rang the bell and she buzzed him in. Her apartment was on the second floor and when she opened it to his knock, she was standing before him, dressed in a white dress with her hair done up in a ponytail. She looked so virginal and vulnerable that for a second he didn't know whether he would be able to try and put the make on her or not. The feeling passed quickly.

"You look beautiful, Nicole."

She looked down, blushing. "You look very nice too."

"Well, thank you, but I don't think anyone will even see me as long as I'm with you."

She grinned at him. 

Score one for Johnny!

He opened the car door for her and she thanked him.

"Chivalry is, in fact, not dead" she said, smiling that terrific smile of her's again.

Score another one for Johnny.

"Nice car," she commented. Running her hand over the burled oak console that divided the leather bucket seats.

"Charlie treats me very well."

"He obviously likes you very much." Now it was his turn to blush.

Score yet another point for Johnny. At this rate he'd be in sack with her tonight for sure!

"The feeling is mutual. Charlie is great guy."

"Do you like your work?" 

"I love it, I get to hang out with all the beautiful people, while Charlie has all the responsibility and the pressure."

"I'd say you took a little heat from that Forrester guy yesterday afternoon."

"Yes, but I knew it was ultimately Charlie's problem. I also knew he would back me up, whatever I did or Forrester said."

She reached over and patted his knee. "Well I thought you were magnificent."

He blushed again and thought to himself, "What the hell, let's skip dinner and go right back to your place and I'll screw your brains out."

At dinner she further wrapped him around her little finger: 

She listened with rapt attention when he spoke. She gazed lovingly at him as he ordered the wine and at one point he nearly fainted when she reached over, put her hand on his arm and said, "You really are a great guy, Johnny."

Both his pride and his cock began to swell. If she had asked him to stand on his head in the middle of the table, he would have gladly given it a try.

He did not forget to hold up his end of the bargain and get her to talk about herself. 

She told him about her upbringing in a small town outstate and after she had her cosmetologist's licence she found life working in the small town salon did not challenge her and she moved to the big city with no particular plan.

They had both been fortunate to find jobs with people that they liked and who treated them well.

Nicole, unlike Johnny had some aspirations beyond her present job. She felt, given some contacts and just a little capital, she could make it on her own as a stylist and makeup artist.

Following dinner, Johnny drove Nicole to her apartment and walked her to her front door.

"Would you like to stop up for a cup of coffee before you go?" she asked

Feeling he had charmed her so completely, he thought he could afford to play a little game of hard-to-get with her, he said, "Well I don't know, I've got a pretty long list of errands to run tomorrow, maybe I'd better pass on the coffee." 

Instead of begging him she simply said, "Well okay, I hope we'll run into one another again. Maybe on a set at Charlie's someday." She turned with her key to open the door to the foyer.

"Well, wait a minute," he stammered quickly. "I guess one cup of coffee wouldn't hurt."

She smiled to herself and said, "I don't want you to lose any sleep, I know how precious Saturdays can be."

"Oh what the hell, I'll be okay."

"Well... if you're sure."

"I'm sure."

She led the way up the stairs to her second floor apartment, unlocked the door and they stepped inside.

Closing and locking the door, she turned to him, took his hands in hers and said 

"You don't really want any coffee, do you?"

Once again, her directness disarmed him and left him at a loss for words. "Well I thought you, I mean we..."

"Kiss me while you think about it," she said as she put her arms around his neck and, before he could respond, she was on her tiptoes with her mouth clamped on his and her tongue, prying his lips apart.

He finally figured out what was going on and his tongue responded to hers. At the same time he grabbed her ass with both hands and was pleased to find them as firm as he had imagined.

After an extended kiss, they came up for air and Nicole said, "If you don't want coffee, what do you want?"

"The kissing was nice."

"Yes it was, but let's continue it in my bedroom, just in case we want to take it to another level."

"Good thinking," he said, "I'm pretty sure I'll want to take it to another level."

She smiled that smile at him again, took his hand and led him down the hallway to her bedroom.

The room was was very bright, done all in white and pastels. She turned off the light and the only illumination in the room was the little light that filtered into the room from a distant street lamp.

She was waiting for Johnny to make the first move, but since he seemed paralyzed and tongue-tied, Nicole figured she'd better continue to take the initiative.

She turned to him and made one more attempt to let him take charge. 

Finally, he reached around her and tried to unzip her dress.

"I'll take care of that." She said, "You get out of your clothes."

He did not hesitate and was quickly standing in front of her, naked.

She was short, perhaps 5' 2", but perfectly proportioned. Her breasts were small, but firm and her nipples were tingling in anticipation. 

He was clearly ready too. His cock was bobbing straight up and stiff as a broom handle.

Nicole stood with her legs spread wide so Johnny could see as much as he could in the dim light.

He walked over to her and kissed her softly. He explored further, his hands moved over her breasts and down between her legs and he wound up squeezing her ass again.

She looked up into his face and as their lips met, they kissed gently at first and then with increasing eagerness. Then he laid her on the bed and they continued to explore. 

She reached down and stroked his member a few times and then told him, "Do what you want with me, I'm yours."

Johnny hesitated as he positioned himself between her legs.

"I won't break." She said.

"What?" He still was not picking up all the signals.

"I want you to stick your cock in my pussy and fuck me hard. How can I make it any clearer?" she said, slightly annoyed.

He was shocked to hear such talk coming out of that sweet mouth, but it excited him as well and he fell to the task of doing as she wished.

When he looked down at Nicole, she was spreading her pussy lips wide with her fingers, "Fuck me Johnny, deep and hard!"

As he guided his cock into her. Nicole watched his expression change. She slipped a condom over his cock without him even realizing what was going on. He had a determined look that told her he was going to do as she asked and fuck her hard. As he shoved his cock deeper, she wrapped her legs around his waist. She pulled him even deeper into her pussy until she felt his balls bounce against her ass.

Johnny fucked her faster and faster. She closed her eyes and moaned softly.

"That's it Johnny, harder, harder," she encouraged him. "Fuck me harder."

The combination off his youthful enthusiasm and watching her writhe in ecstasy, Johnny couldn't hold back any longer. He came hard and felt the warmth of his own cum surround his dick.

He rolled off her and the two of them lay there for a moment basking in the afterglow of their lovemaking and mutual climaxes. 

Johnny continued to run his hands over her body. Finally he moved, reluctantly, away from her and sat on the edge of the bed.

"That was great, Nichole. At least as good as a cup of coffee."

She laughed. "The bathroom is right over there, why don't you go clean up."

When he went to wipe down his dick with a wet washcloth, he was surprised to find he was wearing a condom. She had slipped it on him at some point and he had been clueless once more. He flushed it down the commode. He also looked in her medicine cabinet and saw the dispenser of birth control pills and understood that the condom was just about concern over contracting an STD.

As he walked out of the bathroom she noticed that his cock was bouncing in front of him in the first stages of arousal. Fast recovery was one of the perks of being young.

"Well, look at you," she said. He grinned sheepishly.

She took note of his condition and said," I'm going to go clean up myself and when I get back we'll have to figure out what to do with that thing."

"I'm sure we'll figure something out."

She went into the bathroom, cleaned herself thoroughly, including a douche and finally she snickered as she gave herself a fruit flavored douche and crossed her fingers that Johnnie wasn't allergic to strawberries.

Coming back into the bedroom, she knelt on the bed next her stud, bent down and kissed him, making sure her breasts poked him and then she dragged them across his chest. They kissed softly and slowly, then Nicole broke it off and swung her leg over him, facing his feet and positioning herself so her pussy was directly over his face, so there shouldn't be any doubt as to what was expected of him.

She then reached down and began stroking his cock, bringing it to full attention. Finally she spit on it and began to suck noisily.

For his part, Johnny reached up, grabbed her ass and began to press her snatch into his face.

His tongue found its way through the soft thicket of her blonde bush, past her cunt lips and into her pussy. He moved his tongue around and teased her clit with his nose.

"Strawberry," he thought to himself. "Amazing!"

Nicole continued to suck his cock deeper and deeper. His tongue was doing a good job of arousing her and they both felt her lubricants running down the insides of her thighs and down his cheeks. He was doing such a good job of eating her out that she had to concentrate hard on sucking his cock. 

Both of their mouths were occupied, but he managed to let her know he was about to cum in case she wanted to pull off and direct his load elsewhere. She kept stroking his dick and when he exploded she kept her mouth clamped tight and, while she almost choked on the first eruption, she swallowed hard and then licked him clean.

*****

Later, after they had cleaned up; although there was very little for Johnny to do, they sat together on the living room sofa. It was well past midnight.

"Well, I suppose you ought to be going," she said.

"Yeah, I suppose."

"How about a little hand job before you go?"

"I don't know if I can..."

"Let's try. I'll be right back." She bounced out of the room and came back with a tube of KY jelly. She put some in her hand, held it for a moment to let it warm up, then spread it on his cock.

He surprised himself when his cock began to harden. Then she leaned over and kissed him and stroked it to life again. As they kissed he felt a new load begin to well up in his balls.

"Oh my god!" he exclaimed as he shot his load for a third time that evening.

She spread his cum all over his belly then reached for a tissue on the end table.

"There, I think that's all I can get out of you for right now."

"Yeah, I think so too."

She stood up, put one foot on the sofa next to him and said, "Would you like to kiss my pussy good night?"

He did, savoring one last sniff of her snatch.

*****

When left her apartment he sat in his car for a minute or two and reflected on how he had almost blown it when he told her he had a big day ahead of him and she called his bluff. The clock on his dash read 2:07 when he pulled out of the complex parking lot.

He drove home with extra caution, knowing that the cops were looking for erratic drivers at that hour and he didn't want to spoil a perfect evening.

I'm sure we'll hear from these youngsters again.