 Brief Background

John is my lover and has been for a few years now. He has a wife but no mistake about it, he is mine. Whenever we can, we get together for sex. He has introduced me to nudism, threesomes and gang bangs. I am basically, his personal whore and I enjoy it.

How it happened - 

During one of our threesomes at a nudist resort with a friend of his named Tom, I watched John suck Tom's 8 inch cock and liked watching him do it.

One night when John and I were fucking, I asked him if he liked sucking cock and he said yes.

I then had an idea to make my John a cock sucking, cum slut for me to enjoy.

I contacted our friend Tom from the nudist resort and told him I was coming to visit John and we were going to stay at the nudist resort. He was thrilled that I was coming. I then told him I needed his help in surprising John. He said he would do whatever I wanted.

A few weeks later, John and I arrived at the resort and Tom met us there. He was wonderfully naked and his big cock looked even bigger than I remembered it. I gave him a big hug and a feel. John said hi and told Tom we would be staying for a week. Tom was thrilled.

That night, the three of us went out to eat. We caught up on events since our last visit, then went back to the resort. 

John said he wanted to go to the hot tub and Tom and I said we were going to fuck. John said ok and headed out the door.

I quickly got undressed and Tom and I fucked like never before. He rammed his 8 inch hardness deep into my wet cunt. His cock felt like it was stretching my hole but it felt so good. I told him to cum on my tits, and he surely obliged. I never had so much cum on me.

As we relaxed, I told him what I wanted to do. "Tom, I know John likes sucking cock and I want him to get covered with cum. Can you arrange for a few guys to cum on him?"

Tom looked at me and said, "Lisa, you know that John and I have sucked each other off quite often and that we enjoy it. I do like your idea, though. Count me in."

With that said, I told Tom to lube up my asshole as I wanted his cock to fill it up.

Tom took out the lube and made sure my asshole was ready for his attempt to fuck my ass. He lubed up his cock and I got on all fours. I felt the tip of his cock at my hole. As he started to insert his cock, I could feel him stretching me.

Tom went very slowly and soon his cock was partly inside my hole. It hurt but felt good. I told him to fuck it. Tom started gently pushing his cock in and out and soon, I felt his balls hitting me. I knew then that his 8 inches was fully inside my asshole.

As Tom started fucking my asshole, the door opened and John walked in.

"Very nice," he said as he sat on the chair to watch.

"Tom, fuck her ass good." I said and he sure did. It did not take him long to shoot his load into her ass. When he pulled out, his cum flowed freely. It was a terrific picture.

As they rested, I went into the shower.

"Tom," Lisa said, "Can you get a few guys here Saturday night to jerk off and cum on John? We will tie him to the bed, stretched out. We will even get him to suck each cock. What do you think?"

I like the idea. Yeah, I can arrange it.

Saturday night came and I told John that Tom and I had a special surprise for him. I told him to get on the bed and stretch out his arms and legs. Tom gently tied his wrists and ankles to the bed, then I placed a sleeping mask over John's eyes so he could not see.

I could see that he was a little nervous but Tom and I told him he will have a good time.

Tom started teasing John by playing with his cock, sucking it and his balls. John's cock was nice and hard now.

There was a knock on the door and a friend of Tom came in. He bent down and started sucking John's cock, while stroking his own. John kept asking what was going on and we told him to enjoy.

Soon, there were four other men in the room. Each one taking their turns with my John. They each sucked his cock and balls and felt him up. John opened his mouth and sucked each cock as they placed their cocks near his mouth.

At the right time, I told them to do what they came to do. A couple came on him and one came in his mouth and like the cum slut he was, swallowed every drop.

One by one, they stood over John and jerked off, shooting their warm cum all over my lover.

By the time the men were finished, John was completely covered in cum. Cum was even oozing out of his mouth.

After the men left, we untied John and removed the mask.

John didn't know what to say. Tom and I laughed and asked John if he enjoyed his cum bath and he said he did.

I then told John that from now on he would be my cum slut lover.

From that night on, John sucked whatever cock I told him to suck and let them shoot their cum wherever they wanted on him.