 Johnny met Becky at a hockey tournament in New Jersey over the summer. She was working as a photographer taking pictures of the games. All the players on Johnny's team made comments about the cute blonde with the curly hair taking photos at each end of the ice. When the bench talk wasn't about the game, the refs, or the opposing players, it was about Becky. Anytime a player would skate by her, they would come back to the bench describing her.

"She has got a HUGE ass man" said one teammate.

"It's big but its fucking juicy, man" said another.

"Her tits look good in that sweater" said another.

Johnny would glance on occasion be he was focused on the game. His team was up by one, but the game was onslaught of tough play and cheap shots. Becky was near the other team's goal with her camera when Johnny took the ice with only a few minutes left. The coach instructed him to be a defensive forward to seal the game. But when he intercepted a pass near his team's blue line, he looked up and saw nothing but daylight. He dropped his head and skated as hard as he could to create distance from every player on the ice. He got on the breakaway, made a move to the right, and then nailed a wrist shot high glove side to score to seal it for his team. Never one to stop gracefully, Johnny turned to keep from crashing into the net, and instead jumped into the glass in front of Becky snapping photos. He let out a celebratory "woo" and pointed toward Becky and smiled as his team mobbed him. He skated away and looked back on final time to see Becky laughing and smiling back at him.

The game was in-state so every player drove themselves. Afterwards, everybody was carrying their gear to the parking lot Johnny could see Becky putting her photography gear in her bags. Seeing that no one was around her, he put down his gear down and walked over.

"Hey, sorry to bother you, but I have a quick question for you?"

"Yes?" said Becky with a smile. Johnny noticed right away her piercing ice blue eyes and her slender nose.

"You were the woman taking photos of the game, right?"

"Yes I was."

"Cool, so the cameras aren't just you eavesdropping and stalking people then, haha."

"Well it'd isn't my plan this week, haha."

"Oh, good. Well anyway, I scored near the end of the game and I noticed you were right there."

"Oh yes, I remember you."

"Oh good, I think."

"Why wouldn't it be good?"

"Sometimes people remember me because I did something cool, and sometimes I remembered for being an asshole."

"Hehe, no it's ok. It was cute."

"Aw, thank you. Anyway, I was wondering if you snapped any cool photos of the play."

"Yeah I think I grabbed some cool shots. All my gear is packed up but here let me give you my card." Becky reached into her bag and handed Johnny a small business card. "Look me up on Facebook and friend request me. Once I upload everything I'd be happy to show them all to you."

Johnny took the business card. "Awesome thank you. You'll hear from me soon." Johnny smiled and walked away. He picked up his gear bag and looked back to see Becky still looking at him smiling. He waved goodbye and headed to his car.

The next night, he picked up the card and searched for her on Facebook. He found her immediately and sent a friend request. Since her account was set on private, he couldn't find any pictures of her to see if I wanted to try to get more than photos from her. He went about his night and later, he heard his laptop ping. Becky had accepted his friend request and was sending him a chat message.

"Hey! Happy to see you didn't lose my card haha."

"I wouldn't dream of it my dear ha-ha. How are you?" Johnny clicked on her profile and started scrolling through photos. There were several photos of her as a cheerleader, which excited Johnny since he was never able to bed a cheerleader. Her eyes stuck out in every single photo. She had a slender nose and curly, shoulder length dirty blonde hair. He couldn't get much of a gauge of her breast size, but they definitely not small. His teammates were definitely right about her ass. He found a few pictures where it looked like her jeans could barely hold it in. It looked round and perfect for the curves of her body.

"I'm good! I'm just uploading your photos to my computer. Want to see?"

"Sure!" Johnny spent a few seconds looking at each photo of him during the game. He was less focused on seeing how photogenic he was and more of trying to find out more about Becky.

"They all look great! You're really talented."

"Thank you! I'll send you the link to my portfolio."

Johnny clicked the link and kept it in the background during his conversation with Becky. Every so often he would send a photo back and commentate about it to show he was indeed paying attention. The conversation was really what he was focused on. They were both finding things about each other and it was clear they had some level of chemistry. Whether Becky shared the physical attraction was unknown until later in the chat.

"Would you find it weird if I told you I was looking through your pictures while we're talking?"

"You mean, on Facebook? Isn't that normal? I mean, that's what I'm doing ha-ha."

"Do you like what you see?"

"No, no, no, you asked first, you tell me first."

"Yes I do."

"Good, cause I love what I see."

"I had pictures taken that aren't up on my Facebook if you want to see?"

"I'd love to. Why aren't they on Facebook?"

"Well they were for this modeling site. It was just a fetish site..."

"Oh." Johnny wasn't expecting that. "What kind of fetish?"

"Just light bondage stuff."

"Whew, I thought it would be something weird ha-ha."

"Some people find it weird."

"Some people are pussies ha-ha."

"Hehe, ok hold on a second." 

A few minutes later, Becky sent a link to the website. There were about six photos of Becky. Her face was only partially shown in some of them but it was definitely her. The most bondage that was being shown was a few pictures with Becky in a dog collar. The photo that stood out was one that showed her in a pair of white slim cheekster panties. The image showed just how voluptuous Becky's ass was an immediately made Johnny hard.

"Oh I like this one! Haha."

"Ha-ha, me too."

"Hold on, I'm reading your profile. So you like spanking? Thank God I thought I was the only one."

"Ha-ha, do you like giving her receiving?"

"Oh giving. I'm too good of a boy to ever be spanked."

"Oh I'm sure. Would you spank me?"

"With that ass? I'd do anything you wanted to ha-ha."

"Haha, you're cute."

"So are you. You're not wearing this outfit now by chance are you?" Johnny highlighted a photo where Becky had on a blue tank top, black underwear, and a black dog collar that she was tugged on."

"Haha, no. I'm just wearing a blue t-shirt and my underwear."

"Ok that was my next question, ha-ha. What color?"

"White..."

"Very nice."

"What are you in?"

"Gym shorts."

"And..."

"That's it."

"That's a wonderful thought you just gave me."

"You're welcome. And from the look of what's poking out of my shorts, you're giving me some nice thoughts too, ha-ha."

"Oh I'm glad. Should I leave you to take care of that."

"It can wait. Unless you need sometime alone yourself."

"I'm actually already touching myself..."

"Then I guess I can do the same."

"Oh please too. How big are you? ;)"

"Um...about 7 inches? I'm thick though."

"Hmm...sounds nice, ha-ha. I'm sorry if I'm being too naughty. I did just really meet you."

"Well we really rarely met. We've just two friendly people who met once, exchanged information, and realized we find each other fuckable. I'm guessing on that last one ha-ha."

"Ha-ha, it's ok. I never fuck someone based on their looks. I need to meet someone and actual go on at least one date."

"In that case...want to go on a date? Ha-ha."

"I was hoping you'd ask ha-ha. Well, where do you live?"

"I live near Eastern State University."

"Oh ok. I live...maybe an hour from there."

"Ok, I can come to you. Want to be taken out for dinner? Maybe we can find a place that has a bar for some drinks?"

"I'd love that. Any places good near you?"

"Oh lots, but you don't have to drive down. Btw, since I'm still looking at these photos, what size tits do you have? They look great but I can't tell, ha-ha."

"Ha-ha, it's ok. 34C. There's a place up here that's good. Food's ok but they have a really nice bar. It's like 10 minutes from my place."

"That sounds great. Saturday night work?"

"It does. 8pm?"

"Sound perfect. Just message me the address and I'll find it."

"I'll give you my number."

"Perfect. Wear something sexy, haha."

"I'll wear something sexy UNDER my clothes!"

"Oh baby, ha-ha."

"Um, Johnny, can you do one more thing for me?"

"Sure what's up?"

"I'm REALLY close to getting off. Can you help me get there?"

"How can I do that?"

"Message me something sexy. Like what those photos make you want to do to me."

"Oh what like how I want to bend you over me knee, spank you as hard as I can, get behind you, jam my big, thick cock in your pussy and thrust until you shout my name? Will that make you cum for me? Please, go ahead and cum for me baby!"

There were a few minutes of delay before the next message from Becky.

"I did ;) Do you need help getting for yourself?"

"I don't know...is there anything you want to do to me?"

"Oh my God, yes. The thought of having that dick in my mouth is making it water. I want to suck you off then ride you until we both collapse. Then fuck you some more."

Johnny was stroking has hard as he could while reading Becky's words and looking at her photos.

"Oh God baby I'm going to cum. Where do you want it?"

"Cum in my pussy!"

Johnny kept stroking, found some tissues, and then came on top of them. He had internet sex before, but never with someone he had just met. They both said their goodbyes, exchanging numbers and went about their weeks. They would text back on forth but really wanted to keep most of the "getting to know you" process to be in person.

When Saturday night came, Johnny put on a pair of black jeans, black sneakers, one of his many colorful comic books inspired t-shirts and a black suit jacket. They had texted that both of them wanted to look nice, but there was no need to overdress for the bar. Johnny thought the t-shirt/suit jacket combination was a nice homage to that idea.

He drove the almost hour to the restaurant with nerves in his stomach. Even though they had already gotten each other off online, he didn't want to assume that getting Becky into a bed would be a sure thing. 

He texted her that he had arrived and she told him to look for her at the table in the corner. When he went into the bar, he found her instantly. They greeted each other with hug and Johnny got his first up close look at her. She had on a pair of sneakers and a pair of hip hugger jeans. Whether they were actually hip huggers or if they were just tight around her waist because of plump ass were unknown. She had a low cut black t-shirt with a black fishnet half shirt over it. She had a small nose stud which gave her a spunky, punky look that Johnny appreciated. She hugged him tight and each put their arms low around each other's waist.

During dinner, they each talked about standard first date questions: Where are you from, what do you like to do for fun, etc. When asked what kind of relationship she's looking for, Becky said she was hoping to find someone she can at least have fun with, then if more romantic feelings come out of it, then she'll go with it. If not, she will not complain.

"Well in that case, want to go to the bar?"

"Let's do it!"

At the bar, each started out with beers. Johnny was known on his hockey team for being able to hold his alcohol. He also knew that there was a sweet spot with his drinking that increased him stamina in bed. It was important to him to keep track on how drunk he was getting so if he indeed got Becky into bed, he would be able to perform.

At the start of the third beer, the conversation had gotten freer and more sexual. Johnny was feeling good and felt a shot may be in order.

"What's your favorite shot?"

"Oh jeez, I barely do them."

"So whiskey straight doesn't get you excited? Haha."

"No, not really."

"What about a Buttery Nipple?"

"Oh the name sounds promising!"

"Ok so we have a winner."

Johnny ordered two Buttery Nipple shots and he and Becky tossed them back. Feeling great and starting to have flashbacks to their chat conversation, Johnny leaned in on Becky and kissed her on the lips.

"Oh wow, I wasn't expecting that."

"Should I not have done it?"

"No, I just usually have to be the one to make the first move."

"You can make the second move if you want."

"Ok!" Becky leaned in and kissed Johnny which Johnny immediately reciprocated. After another kiss, Becky reached towards Johnny's lap and grabbed his dick. She could feel it was hard and tried to hold back her moan of approval.

More drinks and more kisses followed. The bar began to fill up so Johnny asked Becky if she wanted to leave soon.

"Yeah, sure. I live close by, would you want to go to my place and hang out for a bit?"

"Lead the way, my dear."

Johnny followed Becky to her house. He followed her inside and she led them to the basement.

"I'm not going to get murdered down here am I?" joked Johnny.

"That wasn't on my immediate to do list."

"Whew, good."

The basement was finished and had a large big screen television, which Becky immediately turned on. They each took a seat right next to each other on the couch, right next to the big recliner.

"That looks like the most comfortable chair ever" said Johnny.

"Are you not comfy?"

"No I am."

"Can I make you more comfortable?"

"Baby, do whatever you want."

Becky reached down and undid Johnny's belt. She pulled out his hard cock and moaned in approval of it. She sucked on his head first before taking in his entire cock in slow, long sucks. She stroked his shaft and she sucked which resulted in Johnny letting out deep groans. Every couple of times she would reach the head of his penis, she would look up at Johnny and strike him down with her icy, sexy stare. 

"Blowjobs make me so wet" said Becky. "Can you face fuck me?"

Johnny propped himself up on the couch and held back Becky's hair. She never took her mouth out from his cock. Johnny slowly slid his hands around the sides of Becky's head and started to thrust. The more she moaned, the quicker he would thrust. As good as her mouth felt, Johnny wanted more.

"I want to eat you out."

"Yeah?"

"Yes. I'm going to, too."

"Ohh ok. But first do something for me."

"What's that?"

"Spank me." Becky stood up and took her top off. She then turned her back to Johnny and slipped out of her jeans. She had on matching grey and black bra and panties. She stood up straight, turned her ass to Johnny and hunched over. He gave a quick slap and could tell Becky wanted more. He switched which cheek he would slap each time, and would rub and caress it before giving a hard firm slap. Each time he did, Becky let out a whimper and would smile.

After a few slaps, Johnny stood up and stood behind Becky. He pecked her shoulders and neck as he unhooked her bra and tossed it on the ground. He let his pants fall to the ground and stripped naked. He started rubbing against Becky's supple ass as he played with her tits.

"Oh my God I'm wet" whispered Becky. "I want your cock."

Johnny spun her around and planted a passionate kiss. He sat her down on the couch and slipped her panties off. He went to his knees and kissed her inner thigh.

"Fuck me!" pleaded Becky.

"I will, don't worry." 

He started licking her pussy slowly. Once his tongue hit her clit, she moaned, arched her back, and grabbed her tits in a combination of pleasure and frustration.

"Oh God...don't stop" moaned Becky.

Johnny put both his lips around her clit and sucked on it before going back to licking the walls of her pussy. He started flicking her clit with his fingers, which caused Becky to grab her couch cushions.

"Oh my God...fuck me, fuck me!"

Johnny lightly nibbled on Becky's clit before getting him and piercing her pussy with his cock.

"OH FUCK!" shouted Becky. "FUCK you feel good!"

Johnny started with a slow pace and he kissed Becky. Every thrust caused another moan of pleasure to leave Becky's lips. The more he thrusts, the more the pair started to slide off the couch.

"Fuck me hard, Johnny" said a smirking Becky.

"We need to change positions for that."

Without saying anything, Becky slid Johnny's cock out of her turned around on the couch, leaning against the back rest with her knees on the cushions.

"Stand up baby, come over here" said Johnny. Before Becky could get off the couch, Johnny slapped her ass hard.

"Oop!" squealed Becky with a smile over her face.

Johnny led her behind the nearby recliner and bent her over the back of it. He teased her with the tip of his dick, rubbing it against her clit.

"Oh God, you're good at teasing."

"How am I at fucking?"

"Fuck me some more and I'll tell you."

Johnny slapped her ass again and stuck his dick deep into Becky's pussy. He put on hand on her waist and another on her shoulder. Every thrust was fast and deep and was bringing Becky closer and closer to orgasm.

"Pull my hair" whispered Becky.

Johnny kept one hand on her shoulder and took a handful of Becky's hair with the other. He pulled it enough to keep Becky's head titled u facing the wall.

"Oh so good, it's so good" moaned Becky.

"Yeah? Do you like my fucking?"

"Yes, baby. Oh God I'm going to cum."

"Cum on my cock baby. Cum now, c'mon on, don't make me pound you."

"Oh yes pound me!"

Johnny let go of her hair and grabbed her wrists and pulled them behind her, with Becky's chest propping herself up on the recliner. He gave a series of hard pelvic thrusts, each one deeper than the one before. The sounds of Johnny's thighs bouncing against Becky's ass echoed through the room.

"Yes, that's it. Yes...YES I'M ALMOST THERE!" And with that Becky's hand sank into the recliner and let out a deep moan of relief. Johnny let go of her arms and put his hands around Becky's waist and slowly moved his dick in and out. Becky squeezed her pussy muscles and tightened it around Johnny's cock.

"Oh holy shit" said a surprised Johnny.

"Has no one done that to you before?"

"You're the first."

"Slap my ass and I'll do it again."

Johnny complied and Becky kept up her end of the deal.

"Oh fuck that's good" said Johnny.

"I want to taste your cock again."

Becky left the back of the recliner and went down on her knees to blow Johnny again. Johnny pulled her hair back to help Becky take in as much of his dick as possible.

"Want to go up to my room?"

"Lead the way." Johnny playfully bent his back to extend out his penis. Becky laughed and grabbed it with her hand and led him up stairs.

"I want to ride you" said Becky as they walked up the steps.

"So ride me."

When the two got to Becky's bed, Johnny jumped right on his back. Becky seductively joined him on the bed and straddled him. She lifted herself up and sat back down on Johnny's cock.

"I think you've opened me tonight."

"Good. I'm going to make you cum again too. Lean back."

While riding him, Becky put her hands on his thighs and leaned back. As she bounced, Johnny played with her clit with his thumb.

"When are you going to cum?" asked Becky.

"After you do."

"I'm about to...keep doing that."

Johnny kept playing with Becky's clit and a smile came across her face as more pussy juices released from her body.

"God you fuck like a pro" said Becky.
