 Ever since their first sexual encounter, nothing really changed in the friendship between Johnny and Lucy. They still talked almost every day; they still hung out after classes, and still did their best to find a long-term relationship. While the idea of dating each other was lingering between the two, neither wanted to risk ruining their already rock solid friendship.

On this particular Saturday, Johnny texted Lucy to see if she wanted to get some dinner together before joining Johnny and some friends going into town for a night at the bar.

"God I would love to, but I actually have to go home and get ready."

"Ready for what?"

"I actually have a date."

"Oh that's awesome, who's the guy?"

"Friend of a friend. He lives in town right off campus."

"Is he a student?"

"No he graduated last year."

"Oh, an older man. You grave robber, you" joked Johnny.

"I know I'm such a gold digger."

"Where are you guys going?"

"You know, with all these questions I'm starting to think your jealous" teased Lucy.

"Or maybe I'm just showing interest in my friend. Ever think of that one" Johnny teased back.

"Hehe, I know. We're just going out for a drink and then going back to his place."

"Well it sounds like you're in for a good time. Text me if things don't work out for any reason. And if not, text me tomorrow morning ;)."

"Oh you think I'm the kind of girl who sleeps with a guy on the first date?"

"I'm not saying anything about your reputation. I'm just saying if I told a girl the plan was to go back to my place after drink, I know what my intentions would be. I say this from experience by the way."

"Oh is that why you wanted dinner with me? You wanted to try to get some of this?"

"Of course not, dear. I wanted to hang out with you tonight, whether or not we wound up in bed or not was up to you."

"Oh I see how it is. I actually am kind of hoping tonight leads that way. I feel a little pent up and could use a little something."

"Why didn't you say anything?"

"Well what I was getting at is I've been too busy to call even you. This is like my first chance to maybe get some."

"I'm sure you shouldn't have a problem."

"I'm still unsure. This guy is a little socially awkward so I don't know how forward he'll be."

"So you just be the forward one."

"Yeah like a said, socially awkward. Don't know how well that's going to go over."

"Good point. Well just dress a little slutty and maybe he'll be forced to be forward."

"I was thinking about it."

"Well how about this: when you think you've found an outfit to wear, text me a picture and I'll be the judge."

"Haha, ok. Thanks buddy."

"I'm always here to help."

Johnny went about his day for another two hours or so before his phone lit up with a text notification. The message was from Lucy and included Lucy posing in her outfit for the night.

"Does this work?"

Lucy had on a navy blue cocktail dress and the tips of her hair curled. Whether it was from the angle of the camera, or the dress itself, but her 32DD breasts had never looked better. Johnny stared at the photo for a few more moments, then snapped out of gaze when he felt his dick begin to spring to attention.

"Luce, I think Stevie Wonder could see how good you look right now."

"Aww thank you! So I don't need to change anything?"

"I don't know...what are you wearing under it?"

"Oh use your imagination."

"Oh you're no fun."

"I am plenty of fun! This dress is tight and I don't feel like taking it off to show you just to put it back on."

"That's a fair reason."

"Well I have to finish putting make up on and head out. What are you up to again?"

"I just need to shower before heading out. I'm just meeting some of the usual suspects at Ye Ole College Bar."

"Well should I text you if things don't go well with my guy, or will you be busy lady killing?"

"I think all the ladies are safe tonight. Probably won't be out for too long tonight since I have like, no money. There's a very strong chance I'll be available for any assistance you'll need tonight."

"Ok perfect. Maybe I'll see you later then."

"For your sake, I hope you don't."

Johnny meant the last words he sent to Lucy. He wanted her to find happiness with anyone she could. That being said, after seeing her in that dress and after remembering what her naked body looked on top of his, he had his fingers crossed that she could not find any chemistry with her date and he would have another chance to explore Lucy's body.

Johnny's time at the bar was relatively uneventful. He was more there to spend time with friends rather than prowl for co-eds to take back to his room. After a few beers, a shot of whiskey, and a few games of darts, he decided to retire for the evening and head back to his room.

About an hour after he returned, his phone began to ring with a call from Lucy.

"Uh-oh this can't be good if you're calling me at this hour."

"Haha, yeah. Are you still out at the bar by chance?"

"I am not; I'm back at my place."

"Oh ok. Do you mind if I swing by?"

"Of course not, darling. My door is always open for you."

Johnny quick straitened up his room and made his bed to make it presentable for Lucy. When there was a knock on the door a few minutes later, he opened it and was greeted by a stunning looking Lucy in that navy blue cocktail dress that was still fresh in Johnny's mind.

"Hey you. Come on; give me a hug I feel like you need it." Johnny through his arms around Lucy and squeezed her tight. He wondered if she could feel the erection that was slowly beginning to form in his pants.

"Oh God, it's just one of those nights."

"Well step into my office and tell me all about it. Want something to drink?"

"No thank you."

Lucy already knew how to find Johnny's room, so she walked right in and lay on the bed with her toes touching the floor, preventing a sneak peak up her dress from happening. Not one to be presumptuous, but simply took a seat next to her, rather than on top of her like he wanted.

"So what's up, girl?"

"Oh man. The night was going pretty well, and then boom it ends."

"First off, what's this guy's name?"

"Caleb."

"Ok, dumb name, but continue."

"Oh stop. Anyway, we met for drinks had some fun talks."

"Did he pay?"

"What?"

"Did he pay for all your drinks?"

"No we agreed to pay for our own and I was okay with that."

"Ok there's one thing he's doing wrong."

"It was fine. Anyway, I noticed he was shy since I had to pry some of the conversation out of him. But I found it cute and figured he was just a little nervous."

"Especially when he's with someone looking like how you look. Damn you look good, if you don't mind me saying."

"Aw, of course not." Lucy blew him a playful kiss. "So I'm kind of waiting for him to invite me to his place, and eventually I just ask him if he wants to go back."

"Ok, strike two."

"Right. So we get back, we're kind of cuddling on the couch watching some TV. I finally lean in and kiss him and he smiles, so we start making out."

"Aw so sweet."

"So he's a surprisingly good kisser so we start really getting into it. I tried to straddle him but since this dress is so freaking tight, I really can't. So since I'm thinking I know where this is going, no time like the present so I get up and take my dress off. I straddle him and start making out again, and that's where he stops me."

"Did he pre-me?"

"No it was nothing that bad. He just stopped me and I'm thinking maybe he'll take control or whatever, but instead he tells me he doesn't want to rush anything."

"I mean, I guess that's ok? I how long was the make out session before you took your dress off?"

"I don't know I wasn't really timing it. I'd say five full minutes if I had to guess."

"Hmm...was there any touching?"

"What?"

"You know, did he grab your tits, did you grab his dick, anything like that?"

"Oh. No not really. I was teasing him buy running my hand across his belt; not his lap, just his belt. I felt his pants tighten up so clearly he was a fan of that. Why are you asking so many questions?"

"I'm just trying to figure out how much of a loser this guy is."

"And what's your verdict?"

"Well the entire make out and hand teasing, he should have said something sooner. Once someone, especially you take your dress off, I don't care if you want to take things slow or not, you get down to business."

"See! That is exactly was I was thinking. It made me feel awkward and kind of unattractive. Like me in my underwear just totally killed his mood for sex."

"Oh please, are you serious? Luce, I've been thinking about you in this dress ever since you sent that picture to me."

A mischievous smile came across Lucy's face. "Really?"

"Yes! You look fan-friggin'-tastic."

Lucy started to blush, so she tried to keep her eyes off Johnny's icy blue stare.

"Don't be embarrassed, Hun. Would you look a hug to make everything feel better?"

"Oh I guess that could help" she said with an ear to ear smile.

Johnny leaned down and slipped his arms behind Lucy's back as she wrapped her arms around his neck. He lay partially on top of her, with his chin resting on her shoulder. She still smelled of perfume and it acted as an aphrodisiac for Johnny as he felt his dick begin to stiffen even more. He gave a quick light kiss on her neck and when there was no protest, he lingered with a few more before Lucy stopped him.

"Whoa, easy now."

"What's wrong?"

"You know what that does to me."

"What kissing your neck softly?" Johnny gave her a slow sensual kiss on Lucy's neck. She instantly got goose bumps down her entire body.

"Yes! You're getting me all excited...and I can feel that you are too."

"Is that bad? Isn't that one of the reasons you came here? You were ready to go, he held up the stop sign, so you gave me a call to help you out."

A smile came across Lucy's entire face. "I don't know what you're talking about..." She giggled and grabbed Johnny's penis through his shorts. He pushed his lips into hers and the two began seductively making out on top of Johnny's bed. Lucy tug on his shirt and pulled it over his head. Her hands rubbed up and down his athletic physique as she found herself getting more and more excited.

"Take my dress off" whispered Lucy.

"I think it's too tight for me to lift it over your head."

"It is" chuckled Lucy. "Let me stand up and you can unzip me."

Lucy slid off the bed and faced the door so Johnny could unzip the dress. She took her arms out and playfully bent over and slowly slid the dress over her ass. Johnny sat at the end of the bed in amazement of how sexy Lucy looked. With the dress now around her ankles, Lucy stepped away from the dress and turned around with her hands by her sides to give Johnny a full view.

"Do you like my outfit?"

Johnny gazed at Lucy in her grey lace bra and panties combo. The bottom of Lucy's ass peaked out from the cheekster panties and the bra lifted her breasts up, making them look even bigger than they actually were.

"Oh my God, Luce" were the only words Johnny could get out before composing himself. "So you had this on...in front of him...and he said no? Is it possible he's gay?"

Lucy laughed before giving a seductive look and nibbling on her finger. "I'm glad you like it." Lucy walked over and straddled him. They kissed passionately has Johnny ran his hands up every inch of her body. He grabbed her ass tightly, which excited Lucy as it caused her to start grinding on his lap. Johnny's dick was as hard as it could possibly be and started poking through his pants. She took one of her hands from around Johnny and began stroking it through his shorts.

She could feel herself getting more wet by the second and attempted to slide off Johnny's lap. Before she could, Johnny stopped her to unhook her bra and release her breasts from their containment. As soon as her bra hit the ground he put on breast in his mouth and began fondling and playing with the nipple of the other one.

"Oh god, John..." whispered Lucy. "Keep touching me, I need to be touched tonight."

It was clear to Johnny that after her encounter earlier in the night, Lucy's sexual self esteem may not have been as high as usual. He was planning on rectifying that by worshiping every inch of her body.

While Johnny was devoting his attention to her breasts, Lucy went back to rubbing her hands on his dick before tugging at their waist.

"I want to suck your dick. Tell me to."

"What?"

"Tell me to suck your dick."

"Baby, I want you to suck my dick!" 

Lucy hopped off Johnny's lap and put her knees on the floor. She pulled Johnny's shorts off and his dick sprung to attention after the waist band of his underwear slid past it. She threw his shorts and underwear on the floor next to her bra and the rising pile of their clothes. She wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft and lightly kissed each of the seven inches of his dick before putting it completely in her mouth.

Johnny could remember what it was like when Lucy blew him before, but this was something different. She sucked with passion, as if his dick was the one thing she wanted in life more than anything. Maybe it was because she was specifically Johnny. Maybe it was because she was so horny from before and was pent up and was finding a release. Whatever the reason, Johnny didn't care as he was in the middle of receiving one of the best blowjobs he had ever gotten.

He pulled his shirt off and threw it on the pile. Lucy ran one of her hands up Johnny's chest to feel his athletic body while still sucking on the head of his dick. Johnny held her hair back and could not take his eyes off Lucy putting his entire cock in her mouth.

"My god, you're amazing, Luce."

"Do you want to try something new tonight?"

"Baby, I will do anything you want tonight. You deserve it."

"Yeah?"

"Anything you want, anything you need, you'll get tonight."

"Ok! Do you want to fuck my tits?"

"Is that a real question?"

Lucy smiled and wrapped her tits around his cock. She started bouncing them off his lap and just like before, Johnny was amazed by how good it felt.

"Oh my God I love this feeling. I've been thinking about doing this ever since last time."

A mischievous smile came across Lucy's face. "Yeah? Did you ever jerk off thinking about it?"

"I may have."

"Oh yeah? Ever play with the panties I left here?"

"I still have them, yes."

"Fuck is it wrong that turns me on?"

"Of course not!"

"I want to 69. It's my favorite."

"Why haven't we done it before yet?"

"No idea, but let's do it. Please."

Lucy stood up and Johnny pulled her panties off. He began playing with her clit and could feel how wet she was.

"Oh fuck, Johnny, don't tease me like this."

"Why, does it feel bad?" Lucy couldn't form an answer. "Tell me it feels bad." She shook her head no. "So it feels good? Tell me it feels good."

"It feels good" she said under her breath.

"What was that?"

"IT FEELS SO GOOD!"

Satisfied with her answer, Johnny laid down on his bed and Lucy quickly situated herself in a 69 position. She went back to sucking his dick as Johnny began licking her pussy. When he started to increase his tongue's speed, Lucy would remove his dick from her mouth to let out a moan.

"Keep sucking" demanded Johnny. 

With that order, Lucy stuck his dick back into her mouth and resumed sucking it. The sound of Lucy moaned with his dick in her mouth was one of the biggest turn-ons he's ever experienced. While he could lay their all night, he remembered he wanted this night to be all about Lucy.

"What do you want next, baby?" He asked.

Lucy took his dick out of her mouth and started lightly stroking it. "I want to ride you."

"So ride me."

Lucy got off Johnny's face and readjusted herself onto his lap. When his dick finally went inside her, she almost squealed with excitement.

"Oh my God...Oh my God I need this."

She started slowly bouncing up and down on cock, making sure she took every inch of it. Johnny reached up and took a breast with each hand and played with her nipples with his thumbs. The more he fondled her breasts, the faster she would fuck him. When she was close to climaxing, she arched her back and put her hands on the outside of his legs. He removed his hands from her breasts and started rubbing her clit.

"Oh fuck that's gonna make...me...cum...Johnny!" 

Her sex juices flowed out of her and onto his dick. She attempted to take a moment to collect herself, but Johnny started thrusting upward.

"Oh my God, not so soon" pleaded Lucy.

"Why not?"

"Because it's driving me insane!"

"You need this. Especially tonight."

"I do but...God this feels good."

"So I won't stop."

"Let's switch positions. Fuck me from behind."

Lucy's suggestion of doggy style was the only thing that would keep Johnny from fucking Lucy. He was determined to give her the best sex of her life and felt as if he could go all night.

Lucy lifted herself off Johnny's lap and he gleefully hopped off the bed. She giggled at his excitement and decided to playfully stick her ass in the air.

"Man, I knew you had the tits but I never knew you had such an ass."

"Hehe, glad you like it."

He rubbed the head of his penis right at the slit of her pussy, which earned complaints from Lucy.

"No teasing! Just fuck me!"

"No teasing? Like this?" He pulled his dick away, grabbed a cheek with each hand, and started eating out the back end of Lucy's pussy.

"Oh my God...that's...not fair! It feels good but it's not fair!"

He pulled his mouth away from her. "I'm sorry. I'll just do this." He took his penis and slowly plunged it into Lucy's soaking wet pussy. He started out with a slow motion, but gradually began picking up speed. His hands started at around her waist, but the faster he began to thrust, and the more moans and groans Lucy let out, his hands crept up to her shoulders, allowing him to put his entire dick deep inside her.

"Oh God I need this, Johnny. Fuck me hard!"

"Are you going to cum again?"

Lucy could barely let out any words. She nodded the affirmative, but that was not a good enough answer for Johnny. He stuck his dick as deep into Lucy's pussy that he could, to the point that his mouth was right next to her ear.

"Are you going to cum again?" whispered Johnny.

"Yes" she said breathlessly.

"Am I giving you everything you want?"

"Yes...make me cum again."

"Trust me, baby."

Johnny squared himself behind Lucy and carefully took each of her wrists and pulled them behind her back. Lucy had never been fucked like this before, but she took Johnny's words as gospel and trusted in everything he was doing to her. He fucked her hard, stabbing his dick deeper into her pussy.

"Oh my God...Oh my God this is incredible. Oh God I needed this...fuck I'm gonna cum...Fuck I'm gonna cum!"

Lucy tensed up has she released all of her juices on Johnny's cock. She laid with her ass in the air and Johnny's dick still inside of her, taking deep breaths to collect herself.

"Are you...are you close?"

"I am."

"Good, I want you to cum. I'll lie on my back; just pound me until you cum."

Johnny was enjoying this side of Lucy. She not only seemed completely spent but seemed like she wanted more and more. She laid down flat and propped her head on the pillows. Her giant breasts settled on her chest as only real ones can. He lifted her up by her thighs and slid his cock back into her soaking wet pussy. He knew she would not be able to take it much more, so he focused on climaxing. That meant focusing on her tits.

Every time he would thrust, her breasts would bounce back and forth. Lucy began to notice where his eyes kept leading, and decided to toy with him.

"Do you like the way my tits bounce?" Johnny could only nod. "Do you like these? Say it baby."
