 Johnny and Lucy had been friends in college for almost two years now. They were from the same town and even graduated from the same High School. They were merely acquaintances' until Lucy transferred to Eastern State and moved into the same Apartment Complex as Johnny. From that point, they would hang out after class, go out for the occasionally drink, and text frequently throughout the day. They each had the same quirky sense of humor and were both hardcore movie buffs. They often acted as each other's confidants when it came to their respective romantic relationships. Lucy could never seem to find someone who was willing to give her all the attention she needed while Johnny could never find someone who felt he could make a long lasting relationship with.

The only thing close to a relationship between the two of them was a semi-drunken make out at a party. The next day, both agreed that since at the time, both had interest in other people, they would just leave it as a drunken hook up and continue to be friends.

No matter how much they stayed as friends, they were still attracted to one another. Johnny was a athletically built, about six foot one and a hundred and ninety pounds. While he was never going to be confused with a meat head, he was always in shape from playing hockey in the winter and baseball in the spring and summer. He never needed to worry about attracting girls with a six pack since he had a pair of piercing blue eyes that any girl he had ever been with, including Lucy, said was his most attractive trait. Lucy was five feet and two inches of curves. She always worked out, often with Johnny, to keep her body from getting too thick. She had a stare that could stop people in their tracks and had dreams of being a Scream Queen in Hollywood Horror Movies. Her biggest physical trait was a pair of 32DD breasts that she rarely showed off, but always drew attention when she did. She liked keeping them tucked away in order to surprise whoever was lucky enough to see them. Johnny always noticed them and would refer to them as her secret weapon. Each knew the other found them attractive, but they never crossed into the final frontier of a sexual encounter. At least that was the cause until early spring.

For the first time in awhile, both Johnny and Lucy were completely single. Johnny had struck out with a girl from his English Literature class while Lucy finally stopped seeing a local bartender. Johnny was happy Lucy finally broke it off with him, not because it gave him a chance, but because he had played with her emotions and was causing more harm than good. On a late Tuesday, the two friends were having one of their late night texting sessions while both were in their respective beds. Their buildings were on opposite ends of the complex and since Lucy was busy with schoolwork on most nights, texting was still the best way to talk.

"So you're no longer going after that girl in class?" texted Lucy.

"No, she decided to tell me she's not ready for a relationship around the time that I was paying for dinner lol."

"Aww L Anyone new on the radar?"

"Idk, it's tough with baseball coming up. For now I hope I can just find someone to blow off steam."

"I hear that. This school work is killing me!"

"You mean you can't find someone? Stop lying! Lol"

"I don't have time to search. Besides most guys I run into are idiots."

"HEY! I'M A GUY! Lol"

"Ok, you're not an idiot :p"

Before sending his next text, Johnny thought about the situation unfolding in front of him. One of his best female friends is saying she would be open to having a tryst to blow off some steam. And not only was it a close friend, but it was the one who he's always had a sexual attraction to. He knew he had to ease into it so she wouldn't just dismiss it as a joke.

"Well if you really can't find someone to blow off steam, and neither can I, why don't we blow off steam together?"

He stared at his phone for what seemed like an eternity, waiting for a response. When his phone lit up with a message from Lucy, his hands were almost shaking with nerves.

"Well yeah that is an idea."

Hmm, interesting. Well why not keep prodding.

"I'm serious. Would you rather have it be a friend or someone you randomly meet at the bar? Which would you regret more? lol"

"You know I don't want anything to come from it though. You know that's what I'm scared of."

"Luce, trust me nothing will. I'll only see it as blowing off steam. We're just friends helping each other out lol."

"Yeah that's true. Ok."

"Ok? So you want to do it?"

"Yeah. Why is that hard to believe?"

"I just didn't think you'd be so matter of fact about it lol."

"I do find you very attractive. And like you said we both need to blow off steam. It makes sense."

"So when should we do this?"

"Idk I have a ton of work this week. I'm done classes on Thursday at noon. What does your schedule look like then?"

"I don't have anything until 5. So meet you on campus and we'll come back to my place?"

"Sure."

And with that, the date was set. Whenever Johnny had a moment to himself, he thought about what was going to happen. He thought about all of Lucy's curves and how he would finally get a chance to explore them. He remembered the night they made out and reminisced about how soft her lips were. Of course, he thought about her breasts and how they were all be his. He went onto her Facebook page and stumbled upon a picture of Lucy in a bikini. No matter how big her breasts were, and they were big, they fit her body perfectly. He saved the photo on his phone and would glance at it whenever he had time to sneak a peek.

They both continued to talk throughout the days, but never mentioned their upcoming rendezvous. It wasn't until late the night before, while Johnny was in bed, that he shot a text to Lucy to discuss the next day.

"So...do we need to go over anything for tomorrow?" He was hoping she didn't forget, and not only did she remember but she seemed excited.

"I don't think so. I assume we're just going to fuck each other, which I'm looking forward to lol."

"That much stress built up? Haha"

"Built up stress from school and from not having sex in a while. I'm pretty horny. Are you?"

"Well I am now lol. I'm just excited to be able to fuck such a sexy woman such as yourself ;) lol"

"Aww thank you. I'm excited to fuck such a hot guy like you lol."

"Is there anything between the sheets you would like me to do?"

"Um...well what are you good at? Lol"

"I've been told my oral skills are pretty good lol"

"Oh god I haven't that done to me in a long time."

"Well you're going to get it tomorrow ;) I'm a fan of receiving it as well...wink wink lol"

"You're getting it then."

"One more thing, something I just kind of fantasized about. Hopefully it's ok with you lol"

"Well just ask me silly."

"Can I titty fuck you?"

"Yup."

Johnny felt himself stiffen. He didn't know how to respond, so he claimed he needed to rest up and they each said their goodbyes for the night. Johnny closed his eyes and thought about Lucy going down on him and sticking his dick in between her voluptuous tits. He tried falling asleep but his mind was too busy racing with thoughts of fucking Lucy. The only way he could get any kind of sleep was the reach for his phone and pull up the bikini picture of Lucy. He imagined using her big tits to wrap around his cock as he thrust. He pictured her bouncing up and down on his dick riding him. The thoughts made him so horny, he came rather quickly. After he slowed his heart rate down, he closed his phone, cleaned up, and went to bed for the evening.

During the day while Lucy was in class, she had butterflies in her stomach. She feared that after the tryst with Johnny, her friendship with him would change for the worse. But then she figured that if they were going to do it, she might as well enjoy it. She remembered how good of a kisser Johnny was when they hooked up at that party. She remembered how impressive he looked when she came to one of his hockey games. Finally, she remembered seeing him shirtless at a pool party one of her friends was having. He was in great shape and always had a great body. She wondered what he'd be capable of in bed, and not knowing excited her. She could feel her vagina twitch in excitement. She may have been in the middle of listening to a lecture, but she could feel herself becoming wet thinking about Johnny's body and what his dick would be like. How big is it? How thick would it be? Would she be able to deep throat it? She quickly realized that her professor was moving on in the lecture and she struggled to pick back up with the rest of the class. As soon as she was back on track, he mind immediately went back to Johnny. Since it was a class she was already acing, she didn't feel bad about excusing herself for the bathroom.

She walked into the closest ladies room and found it empty. She went into the first stall and was shocked to find just how wet she was. She was incredible studious and valued her work ethic in school work and knew that there was no way she would be able to focus without taking care of her pussy first. She had been masturbating more and more thanks her schedule and inability to find a worthy partner, so she knew exactly what to do to get herself off. She closed her eyes and imagined Johnny using his tongue to explore her pussy. She imagined 69-ing him, one of her favorite things to do. She was picturing Johnny licking her clit while she wrapped her lips around his cock when before she knew it, she was climaxing.

Her legs twitched and she took a moment to gather herself. She left the stall, fixed her hair in the mirror and went back to class. She took more notes than ever before in the lecture since she was doing everything she could to focus on anything but Johnny.

Johnny spent his day keeping himself as occupied as he could, while thinking of anything but sex. The more sex he thought of, the more torture he would be putting himself through. He woke up, took a shower, and went to the gym. After working out for almost an hour, he checked the time and realized it was almost eleven o'clock, only an hour away from when Lucy got out of class. He shot a text to Lucy just to make sure she was not suffering from cold feet.

"So how's class? Lol"

"Oh, so much fun :p"

"Still up for today?"

"Of course. Want to meet me at the diner first?"

"Sure, I'll probably run there and catch the shuttle back."

"Ok :)"

Johnny went into his apartment and changed out of his workout clothes. He threw on his running shoes, put in his iPod headphones, and started running towards the diner. The diner was on campus and was about three-quarters of a mile away from the apartment complex. He had made the run dozens of times and on this day, was the perfect way to release steam and focus blood flow away from his dick before spending some quality alone time with Lucy.

When he got to the diner, he had worked up quite a sweat. While some would feel that this would make someone feel unattractive, Johnny always felt slimmer and sexier when his chest was covered in sweat. He looked around the diner and found Lucy reading in booth by herself with a basket of French fries. She was in a tight blue short sleeved blouse. She wasn't showing any cleavage, but the blouse showed the contours of her enormous breasts. Her light brown hair was down hanging naturally, a look Johnny always thought made Lucy look beautiful. He walked up and knocked on the table and sat down across from her.

"Hey, wow you look like you've been keeping busy" said Lucy.

"Well I had nothing to do today and if I don't burn some sort of calories I feel fat, haha."

"I think it's impossible for you to look fat."

"I can, and now I will prove it by stealing your fries."

The two made small talk for a couple of minutes before Lucy gathered her things and the two headed towards the shuttle stop. On the walk over, Johnny kept glancing at the pair of jeans shorts Lucy had on. They in no way were slutty, but he found them incredibly sexy on her. For the entire time while waiting for the shuttle, as well as on the ride back to their apartment, neither of them talked about what they were planning to do. They both just talked like a pair of close friends do and nothing was out of the ordinary. The shuttle dropped them off in the front of the complex close to Johnny's building.

"Do you want to drop your stuff off at your place before coming over? I need to shower anyway."

"Um...no that's ok. I'll just hang out while you're in the shower."

"Oh...ok fair enough."

The two walked up to Johnny's building and took the hike up the stairs to his third floor apartment. He could hear one of his three roommates down the hall but could tell he was occupied with video games. Johnny's was the first room in the apartment and he unlocked the door and let Lucy in first. She had been in his room before, and even on his bed, but never in his bed. She put her books in the corner and both took their shoes off.

"Alright, I'm gonna hop in the shower. Feel free to turn on the tv." He grabbed a change of clothes and headed towards the door.

"You're not going to strip for me? Hehe."

"Only if you're paying."

Lucy laughed and clicked the television on. She turned on a music channel since it would be something that neither would have to pay attention to, it could possible set the ambiance, and fill any awkward silences between them.

Johnny scrubbed every inch of his body and made sure everything was clean. He could sense himself growing with the anticipation of finally being able to fuck Lucy. He ended his shower before any temptations to stroke himself could come over him. He dried off, put on a fresh pair of boxer briefs, gym shorts, and a sleeveless t-shirt. He gave him mouth a quick brushing and rinsed with mouthwash.

He went back into his room and closed the door behind him. Lucy was lying on one side of his bed reading her cell phone. He saw a music channel was on the tv, which he appreciated. She noticed that she had already taken her socks off. Johnny always felt that the socks were always the most awkward article of clothing to deal with in sex, so he was glad to see Lucy had already thought of it.

"Can I join you?" asked Johnny.

"Of course, silly" said Lucy as she shut off her phone.

Johnny laid in bed right next to her. He was not on top of her as not to feel like he was forcing himself on Lucy. He eventually propped himself up on his elbow and edged closer to Lucy. The two made semi-awkward small talk before Lucy rolled over away from Johnny.

"I think I'll just nap now."

"Oh yeah, that's all you want to do right now?" said Johnny jokingly.

"Yup. I'm very tired you know" said a playful Lucy.

"I figured you'd want to do something else while you were here."

"Oh yeah?" Lucy said while rolling around to face Johnny. "What would that be?"

Johnny slid his hand behind Lucy's head and kissed her on the lips. The two exchanged soft kisses back and forth as one of Johnny's hands cradled Lucy's head while the other moved up and down her body.

"You're a sexy kisser" whispered Johnny.

"You're not bad, yourself."

Each other's tongues explored each other's mouths. Johnny's hands moved across Lucy's ass before sliding up her blouse to finally grab her near perfect breasts.

"Oh yeah, I forgot one rule I had" said Lucy, pulling away from another kiss.

"Yeah?" Johnny stopped his hand's movements to listen.

"I don't take off my own clothes. You have to take everything off."

"I can respect that."

Johnny wrapped his hands around Lucy's waist and rolled her on top of him. She was straddling him when he pulled her shirt over her head. She had on a peach colored bra which supported her breasts wonderfully. Lucy leaned on top of Johnny as he moved his hands to her back. He then pulled her hair aside and started lightly kissing her neck. Lucy let out a pleasurable moan.

"Oh you just found my sweet spot."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah, it drives me nuts."

That was Johnny's cue to start kissing her neck more and more aggressively. Each time he did, Lucy let out a whimper. When he started lightly biting it, she couldn't take any more and shoved him back on the bed. She pulled on his shirt, took it off, and threw it across the room. She ran her hands up and down his chest before leaning in for more kisses. Johnny reached behind her and unhooked her bra.

"Hold on, I need to see these."

"Ok" said Lucy with a smile. With her bra unhooked, Lucy pulled each strap down and revealed her 32DD tits.

"Are they good?" she asked seductively.

"They're amazing." He ran his hands across both of them before leaning up and putting one in his mouth. He used his tongue to trace over and lick her nipples. He alternated sucking and kissing each breast. He felt her nipples stiffen as Lucy began grinding on his lap. Knowing that he was completely rock hard, Johnny spun Lucy back onto her back. He unbuttoned and unzipped her jean shorts and pulled them off, revealing a pair of black cotton hipster panties.

"I'm sorry but I've been thinking about doing this all week" said Johnny. He cupped both her breasts and pushed them together, attempting to kiss both of them at once. He stood up off his bed and pulled down his shorts and boxers. His 7-inch long, thick, and rock hard penis sprung to attention when the waistband of the boxers slid past it. The sight caused Lucy to bite her lower lip in anticipation. Johnny moved back onto the bed and straddled Lucy's stomach, sticking the head of his penis between her breasts. Johnny kept thrusting, enjoying every second of it. Lucy locked her eyes with Johnny's and could feel herself becoming wetter by the second. However, she felt something else needed to be wetter.

"I know how I can make this better for you."

"How's that?"

"I can make it wet. Lay down."

Johnny got off Lucy and lay down on the bed. She shifted down to his waist and gave his cock two quick strokes. She pulled her hair back, gripped the bottom of his shaft, and took his cock in her mouth. Her blowjob was long sucks, with each one sloppier than the one before. Whenever she needed a breath, she pulled her mouth off and furiously stroke his cock with her hand. Johnny was rolling his eyes to the back of his head and arching his back in pleasure. Lucy did her best to deep throat his cock, and when she reached her limit, pulled back and began sucking and stroking his cock as fast as she could. When she felt it was wet enough, she stopped.

"Ok, now try."

Lucy laid on her back and shoved her tits together. Johnny stroke his dick a few times and stuck it back between her mountains. He could not believe the feeling. He kept going faster and faster, enjoying every time her tits grazed past the head of his dick.

"That's much better."

"I need to stop or I'll cum."

Johnny gave a few final strokes before getting off of Lucy and off the bed. She kissed her and the two made out for a few seconds while Lucy reached down and stroked him. Johnny grabbed Lucy by the thighs and shifted her to the end of the bed. He took two fingers and each hand and slid Lucy's panties off. He massaged her clit with his thumb and felt how wet she was. He knelt down on his knees and begin licking the walls and the gash of Lucy's pussy. He looked up to see her fondling her breasts and rolling her head back, just as she caused him to do. She was quietly moaning until Johnny began licking and sucking her clit. That caused Lucy to almost start twitching.

"Holy fuck you're good at that. You weren't kidding."

He kept licking and sucking. He stuck on finger in her pussy and began stroking it. Lucy's moaning became louder. While still fingering her, Johnny went back down and sucked on Lucy's clit. He sucked and licked it while curling his finger and rubbing the inside of her pussy.
