 I was looking at some pictures on line, and I had an idea. I wanted to write a quickie. Not a quickie like when the kids are at school, but like when you were in college, so inflamed that you weren't sure you could get your clothes off in time. Short, hot, unbearable. 

It didn't work. Even a quickie has its back story, no matter how slim. And a whole story of only sex turned out to be ridiculously difficult to write, and much longer than I'd imagined. But here it is. If you're interested, I have more ideas. Let me know. 

Almost as soon as he'd knocked on the blue door, it flew open and Andy was leading him inside.

"Hey, Jon. Right on time. Come on in. Cup of coffee?"

He wasn't sure he wanted coffee; his nerves were already on full alert. But Andy was pouring a cup for him, and he took it.

"Everything OK?"

Jon nodded.

"Listen, kid. I know this is going to be new for you. But don't sweat it. A week ago you'd never modeled at all, and that worked out fine. Right?"

That had been T-shirts and underwear for a web shop. Jon had never posed for a camera before, but it had gone smoothly. He'd met Andy at the Oasis, a pub down by the waterfront, not far from here, where they were both regulars, and they'd chatted a few times over drinks. When Andy had suggested Jon might do a little modeling to fill his time and his wallet, he'd thought, "Why not?" It wasn't like he had much else going on. And Andy had paid him cash.

"If you're not going to drink that, come on back and let's get started. Jessie's already here."

Andy took the cup from his hand and set it on the wooden desk facing the door. When Jon had been here before, there was a cute blonde named Candy sitting there working the phone and the computer, but this afternoon her chair was empty. 

He followed Andy across the long concrete floor to the set. It was just the back of what had once been a garage, still lined with oil-blackened work benches, but the far end had been modified into a studio.

The lights were set up, and the umbrella reflectors, and on the back wall, the wide roll-down back-drop showed kitchen cabinets and paned windows. An oval oak-topped table stood before it at the center of the set.

Jon had been surprised at the cheesy back-ground, a sunset beach his first time, but Andy had explained. "First of all, nobody's actually looking at it, and second, you'd be amazed at how real it looks when I get done." Jon had seen the results of his shoot, and Andy was right on both counts.

"Jessie, this is Jon. Jon, Jessie."

Jessie rose up off the couch by the side of the set and gave Jon a smile and her hand. She was short. In fact, she was tiny. Dressed as she was, in a warm-up suit and sneakers, she might have been a school-girl. Except for the boobs. Even the loose nylon jacket couldn't disguise their prominence.

Jon took her hand, feeling it disappear in his grip. Jessie had a mane of blonde hair that curled around the neck of her jacket and hung down onto her back. Her dark eyes and eye-brows made him think blonde might not be her natural color. He didn't care. Her smile was nice and easy, making him feel more comfortable already. And she was a babe.

"Jessie, I already explained the shoot to you, but I'll go through it again for Jon. It's for a men's magazine, Viceroy or something, I had the guy in here last week, but I can't remember. It's all on the contract. Anyway, they're hurting in the markets, and thinking a little more skin might pick them up. Thing is, they don't want to buck community standards in the places they're doing well. The way the guy laid it out was everything but hard-core. Well, not everything. Nudity is OK. Kissing, arousal, OK. Touching OK. Almost OK. No oral contact with erogenous zones. He said his legal division was adamant on that. They define erogenous zones as nipples, not breasts, just nipples, and all genitals. Anyway, they're the ones who have to get their rag on the newsstands, and they draw up the guidelines and they're paying. And oh yeah, no penetration, obviously. Got it?" Andy looked back and forth between them. "Good."

Andy turned to Jessie and said, "Candy laid out some stuff for you in the dressing room before she left. Nothing elaborate. Just some shorts and a top and shoes. She knows your sizes. Go get changed and we'll get your make-up on."

Jessie disappeared through a grubby door beside the set. Jon knew from his first session that it led to a surprisingly modern dressing room, complete with lighted make-up table, a comfortable couch and chairs, and a white-tiled shower. 

Andy turned to Jon, looking him up and down. 

"This will be a quickie. I think you'll be all right just like you are. The jeans are fine. You wearing underwear?"

Jon shook his head. He usually wore boxers, but he'd been pretty sure he wouldn't need them today.

"Good. Take off your shoes and socks. Un-button your shirt and pull it out. Yeah, that's fine. Let me turn the lights on and we'll get you made up. You met Candy, she normally helps me with this. Man, she's saving my ass with everything she does around here, but she hasn't been here long, and never on a shoot like this, so I thought it'd be better to send her home."

Andy lifted a lever on a box on the wall and the set lit up. He led Jon over under the lights and dabbed make-up on his face and neck with a sponge. 

"That'll do. Hey, Jon. Of course you're nervous. I can tell. But this is a walk in the park. The guy from the mag loved your pics. And you don't have to perform, if you know what I mean. That's why I picked this shoot for you. I'll tell you everything you need to do. And Jessie's a pro. She's done it all, and she's a dream to work with. You'll see."

Just then the dressing-room door opened and Jessie came out and walked over to them. Jon was astounded at the transformation. She was definitely no school-girl. She wore a plaid halter top and cut-off jeans shorts and white high-heeled shoes that strapped around her ankles. The top wasn't really small, but her breasts flowed up over it so that it barely covered her nipples. The shorts were minuscule, making her legs look long, though even in the shoes, she just came up to Jon's shoulder.

"Perfect," Andy told her. She smiled at him and gave Jon a quick grin. "Let's get your make-up on."

Andy patted the make-up onto Jessie's face and neck and the tops of her breasts and along her cleavage, and stood back to check his work. 

"I think we're ready to go here. Oh, hang on." He went over to a fridge that stood between the work-benches and got out a platter of fruit and pastries, and put it on the table on the set. "There." He took Jessie and Jon by the arm and led them into the lights.

"Stand there behind the table while I get some readings." Andy walked around with his light meter, and Jon tried not to look at Jessie's breasts. He thought that was pretty weird, considering what they were here for, but he couldn't help it. As his glance slid over her and back, he felt like a teen-ager again.

Jessie's hand found its way under his shirt to the base of his back, small and soft and warm on his skin, and he felt himself relaxing. She looked up at him. Up close like this, her dark eyes soft and her distracting boobs momentarily out of his view, she really was something. "You'll be fine," she told him. "Andy's a pro. Just listen to him. He'll tell us what to do." She smiled again.

"OK," Andy said, and walked back behind his camera. "All set. Let's get this done before all that whipped cream melts. Jess, just hook your fingers into his waist-band. That's it. Jon, pick up a strawberry and feed it to her. Hold it. Hold it. Got it."

The camera clicked. Jon held the strawberry and Jessie opened her lips and stuck out her tongue, and the camera clicked and clicked and then clicked some more. 

"Jess, drop the shoulder strap. The left one. Good. Go on, go on. Jon, lean in a little. Like you don't know what to eat, the strawberry or her tit. Yeah, that's good. Jessie. Grab him, like you're pulling him to you. Perfect. Perfect. Elbow up, Jess. Gotta see the tit."

Under the bright lights, with the back of Jessie's hand pressing into his stomach and her fingers tucked into his pants top, his lips inches from her nipple, Jon wasn't sure what he was supposed to do. His cock was rising, reaching for the tips of Jessie's fingers. Almost there. Oh, god, almost. Her left hand wrapped around his neck, pulling him to her. He could feel the warmth of her skin on his cheek. He opened his eyes and saw her nipple, standing up on that plump mound, pink and hard and distended. He had to lick it. No. The guidelines. Forbidden erogenous zone. The muscles in his neck loosened and he pulled his tongue back in and exhaled, a soft sigh. His warm breath washed over Jessie, and her hand clutched at him. 

"Great, guys. I knew you two were perfect for this shoot. It's all about chemistry, right? Chemistry. Jess, get up on the table. Hands and knees. Shit. Hang on, let me get rid of the plate. Don't even know why I wanted the damn thing." When her fingers slipped out of his pants, Jon's hips strained to follow them, but then she was on the table, looking back and smiling at him and Andy was talking on.

"Wait, Jessie. First, undo your shorts. No, not the zipper. We just want it loose. Oh, go ahead. Zipper, too. It's better. Bend down. On your elbows. Jon, you stand behind her. That's it. Grab the crotch of her shorts. Just a sec. A little to the right, Jon. Gotta get the ass. OK. OK. Great. Jon, just lean in like you were going to lick her. Let's see some tongue."

Andy's words were like gnats buzzing around Jon's head. Jessie was on her knees on the table and her ass was pointing at him. Who'd have thought such a little woman would have such perfect round buns? The fingers of his right hand closed around the strip of denim between her cheeks and tugged it to the side. He felt Jessie flinch. Uh-oh. Was he hurting her? No, she seemed all right. She was pushing her ass gently back at him. Was that moisture he felt on his knuckles? Heat, anyway. From the lights? Oh, fuck. Look at that. Her pussy lips were pink, rimmed with brown. Glistening. He'd swear they were swelling as he watched. He grabbed her cheek with his left hand, spreading her to get a better look, and felt her quiver. 

"Drop the hand, Jon. You're blocking the shot." He pulled his left hand away and let it fall to grasp her ankle. God, her skin was smooth. He ran his hand up over her calf. His tongue was out and he was stretching toward her. The lights were warming his back, but the heat on his face was all Jessie. He hadn't forgotten the guidelines, but right now his whole world was those two round globes and those silky thighs and the flesh shining and protruding between them. Just a lick. Just a touch. The fucking guidelines.

"OK. That's great," Andy was saying. He clicked off a salvo of shots. "This is going to be perfect. Jessie, I need you on your back on the table." She was starting to straighten up, but Jon was still focused on that little patch of heaven between her legs. He couldn't help it. His left hand reached out and pressed her back down and his tongue flicked at her. He felt her stiffen. A faint grunt escaped her lips. 

"Do it on your own time, you two," Andy said. "I can't use that. You're wasting my film."

Jessie raised up on her knees and grinned back over her shoulder at Jon. "Naughty, Jon. Nice, but naughty. You'll pay for that." She turned to Andy. "That's a digital camera, right? What film?"

"Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Can we get back to work here? Time is money."

"You're the boss, Andy. On my back, you said?" She lay on the table, hooking her heels on the edge so that her legs were bent at the knee. "Like this?"

"Just like that. But get rid of the other strap. Pull it down. Yeah, that's it. Let's see those boobies. Oh, yeah. Jon, you'll need to get out of your pants. Jon? Hello?"

Jon was staring down at Jessie on the table. With her top pulled down the way it was, Jessie's breasts were sticking straight up, round and firm, defying gravity. Her stiff pink nipples pointed at the ceiling. It was the second most delectable sight he'd seen today. 

"Oh. Right. Pants. OK. " He un-buttoned and un-zipped and pushed his pants down over his legs and stepped out of them. Standing there, with the lights on him, with Andy and Jessie watching, he'd never felt so naked. 

Jessie had turned to him and was looking at his cock. Jon's eyes followed hers. He was hard and throbbing, curving up toward the roof over them. Jon looked away, back to Jessie and her boobs. He thought he'd never felt like this before, so excited and not knowing what to do. He was about to burst out of the thin skin covering him, like he'd die if she'd just touch him. 

She did. She reached out and ran a finger-nail under his clenched balls and up over his tight red head. "Well, hello there, Jon. You're not shy at all, are you."

Jon shuddered and groaned at her touch. God, she was a tease. Jon was sure she'd been doing this forever, driving men crazy with her small, perfect body and her fabulous breasts and her sweet smile and her silky fingers. Probably since she was a baby. He cleared his throat and told her so. 

"No, I was fourteen, actually. The first time." She cupped his balls. "But it's nice to see I haven't lost it." She squeezed lightly, and Jon's cock stretched and jumped. 

"Good. Good. You guys are naturals. Jon, move closer. Jessie, lie back. Pull him over your mouth. There. Hold still. Yeah. Pout your lips. That's it, that's...Damn it, Jess, what the hell are you doing?" Her tongue had snaked out and wrapped itself around Jon's pulsing head and her hand was pulling him between her lips. Her hot breath tantalized him, and Jon lunged forward. Then she lifted him from her mouth and held him in a tight grip, her small fingers wrapped half-way around his shaft. Her eyes twinkled up at him. "Now we're even."

Holding him, she turned her head to Andy. "Sorry."

"Sure." Andy shook his head. "Sure you are. Are you all through, now? Jesus Christ, you two. All right, Jessie. Just hold it there. Yeah. Hold it. Hold it. Got it. Jessie, get off the table." Jessie let Jon's cock slip out of her grasp and rolled away. He watched her body twist, saw her boobs swing, and caught another flash of the pink between her legs.

"Jess, go on around the back side of the table. Next to Jon. Facing him. There you go. Lean forward. Elbow on the table. Grab him with the other hand. I don't have to tell you how to do this. That's better. Whoa. Back off a little. There it is. Just go with it."

Jon looked down at Jessie. Her right hand brushed the blonde locks off her forehead and her left held his bobbing cock loosely. She was looking up into his eyes, teasing him with hers. 

"So how do you like it, Jon? Soft and easy? Like this?" Her fingers drifted up along his length and his head settled into the hollow of her palm. Jon's eyes squeezed shut as his cock twitched and a blob of pre-cum squirted out of him and slicked her hand. 

"Oh. So you do like that." Jessie rubbed the slippery fluid gently over him with her fingers. "How about this?" Her hand closed around him and tightened. Jon forced his eyes open and watched clear liquid ooze out between her fingers. Keeping the pressure of her fingers tight around him, Jessie pushed down. His purple swollen head popped free, shining and leaking even more pre-cum. She kept squeezing and sliding until the base of her hand was nestled against his balls.

Jon didn't know what to look at. Her full breasts, hanging just above the table-top with their jutting pink nipples, or her lips open at the head of his cock, her breath hot, enveloping him, or her dark, daring eyes, boring up into his. He felt sweat pop out on his forehead. There was that familiar tingling in his balls and spine, and the muscles of his calves and thighs bunched as he raised up onto his toes. The lights on his face and shoulders heated his skin like sun-burn. Then Jessie clamped the ring of her thumb and fore-finger tight around him. Slowly his clenched muscles slackened, and his incipient orgasmic urge began to fade. 

"You OK?" Jessie whispered.

"I think so. God, I was just about to..."

"I know. That's cool. Maybe we should take a break." She looked at Andy.

Andy pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped his face. "Good idea. Take five, kids. I've got to change cameras, anyway. We can pick this back up in few minutes."

Jessie pulled up the straps of her top and buttoned her shorts and walked over to the couch and tapped a glass of water from the cooler next to it. She sat and looked at Jon and patted the seat beside her. He plopped onto the couch, his half-deflated cock slapping at his shaky legs. Jessie sipped at her cup.

"It's not quite what you expected, right?" She handed him the cup and he gulped.

"I don't know what I expected, but no. That's for sure. It's not like anything I ever imagined." He was amazed to be sitting here naked next to Jessie and having what amounted to a normal conversation after what had just gone on.

"So," Jessie asked. "How'd you get with Andy?"

Jon told her about the Oasis, and meeting Andy, and his first shoot. "That was pretty strange for me, but Andy says it went well. And now this..."

"You're doing fine. I'm sorry I teased you like that. Well, not really sorry." She grinned at him, then looked at his lap. "Like I said, it's nice to know I've still got it."

"Got it? Jesus, Jessie. If you had any more of it, they wouldn't let you out on the street. Inciting to riot, I think they call it."

Jessie laughed and rested her tiny hand on his thigh. "That's sweet, Jon."

Jon thought there was more heat in her palm than in all the lights on the set. All of a sudden, his heart was pumping like mad and his prick was ratcheting, ticking and bobbing, rising between his legs. 

Jessie giggled. "Oh, my. Look at that. Well, let's not waste it. Andy, I think we're ready." Her hand slipped over his leg and gave his swelling prick a gentle squeeze. Then she stood up and walked back to the set. Andy touched up her make-up, and then did the same for Jon and got back behind his camera.

"Ok. Where were we?" Andy asked. "Oh yeah. Jessie, your top was down. Yeah. Like that. And you shorts were un-done. Actually, I don't think we need the shorts any more."

Jon watched Jessie un-do the button and pull down the zipper and hook her thumbs into the shorts. They fell to her ankles as she wiggled her butt and bent at the waist, aiming that gorgeous ass right at him. The sight of her flesh swelling and spreading was all it took. Jon's cock was rock-hard and dancing in front of him.

"All right. It looks like everybody's ready. Jess, why don't you lean over the table." She stepped out of the shorts and went to the table. "That's it. Maybe put the leg closest to me up on the table. Knee bent. Yep. Good. Jon, get right up behind her."

He didn't need to be told twice. His hard-on bobbed against her soft butt as he took his place and let his hands rest on the warm skin of her waist. The camera started its clicking. Jessie reached back and took him again into her hot hand. Jon pushed forward, his prick sliding along her skin, and Jessie tightened her grip. Then she looked back at him.

"I think you're dripping on me."

"Oh. Shit. Sorry," Jon began.

"Hey. It's all right." She squeezed, and Jon felt what must have been a stream of pre-cum bubble out of him onto her flank. " No problem."

Andy was giving more instructions, his camera clicking non-stop, but Jon shut him out and just followed Jessie's lead. She lifted the leg resting on the table higher, raising her butt, and pushed his cock down between her cheeks. His bloated head slipped over her skin and grazed her lips. Oh, god. So wet. It wasn't just him, was it? And so fucking hot. Automatically, he shuffled forward, straining to find that oven between her legs. The guidelines were vaporizing, disappearing into the mist of his desire.
