 She was my first and last great love and passion. Her name was, (is) Elizabeth. We met when she was 19 and I was 26. We met at a club I worked at that summer. I was a musician and she came into the club one night with a girlfriend to hear the music and dance. I first noticed her near the bar talking to her friend. When I first saw her I felt something I had never felt before. When we first met near the front door of the club a rush of nervous energy came over me and I knew she was something special as soon as I laid my eyes on her.

She was very pretty, with dark eyes and a "cute as a button" face. She was my favorite type of girl. I have always favored short girls with a slightly pouty "little girl" look, and she was the embodiment of that type. She was short, petite about 5' 1" maybe 105 lbs. She was Italian and had full round breasts, dark, soft slightly curly hair worn short, deep brown eyes and soft white skin, the type that turns a delicious shade of tan in the summer. She wore tight jeans that showed off a cute round little ass that wriggled deliciously when she walked, and as I watched her move she seemed to exude a slight air of adult sexuality in her movements. She had deep brown eyes that were sweetly innocent and at the same time somehow knowing. There was an air of playfulness around her and a hint of something else between us when we met. Something that clicked when our eyes met.

As we talked I was attracted to her immediately. She was very pretty with a sweet and innocent way about her. She was seemingly shy a bit quiet until she became comfortable. She came off as the typical cute "good girl next door" type, with a hint of something much more exotic deep inside. Although I was attracted other at the start, because she was so much younger than me I didn't right away set out to seduce her, but thought of her more as a very nice "good girl," which somehow stirred the electric energy in me. I didn't find out until later that hidden inside her was a vast caldron of deep passion and erotic desire. 

A while after we became a couple I learned that her sexual experience was greater than I had known and her sexual awakening had begun much earlier than I expected, but that is another (several?) story. She told me that she had a few boyfriends before me, and had sex with two of them, but she told me that their experiences were not all that fulfilling, (she described them as brief encounters with only straight intercourse). I was to find much later that she had a world of erotic experience to share that did not include her boyfriends. Our first time together was incredible and I can still recall every detail even though it was over 20 years ago. We had been meeting at the nightclub for several weeks and had talked and even kissed a few times. Each time we met, the sexual tension and energy grew. I remember one time, after we had known each other a while, talking in the club. We were standing near the front. She was sitting on table and I was standing in front of her. The room was full and people were pushing past us, so I moved closer to her. She opened her legs and I stepped between them to allow people to pass behind me. As I stood there, inches from her, I could feel her heat on me. I think that she felt the same thing because she looked up at me and we kissed. Perhaps not our first kiss, but I recall it because the moment was so erotic. 

We finally agreed to meet and spend the night together. We met that first night at a motel near the ocean where she and a girlfriend had a room for the night. Her girlfriend was going to be away with her boyfriend so we had the room to ourselves. After we went inside she went into the bathroom to change and I undressed and laid on the bed. I recall that I was shivering with anticipation, and was fully erect as soon as I undressed and laid on the bed to wait for her. When she came out she was wearing a long sheer nightgown. The lights were low and I could see that she was nude underneath. The dim light behind her revealed her full ripe breasts. They were round and firm and tipped with small dark nipples. Although she was perhaps a C cup, her small frame and the fact that her breasts were set so high and proudly on her body made them seem larger. They hardly moved as she walked across to room towards me. The light behind her also revealed the small dark triangle between her legs, and I shivered inside with anticipation. She came to me on the bed and we started to kiss. 

She was the best kisser I have ever known. Her kisses were far from innocent, she was eager and almost hungry as our mouths met and began to explore. Her mouth was so sensual and erotic. Her kisses were so soft and her mouth opened to receive my tongue. Our tongues met and snaked around each other and we took turns sucking each other. The wetness of her kisses was something very erotic and her soft moans got deeper and more intense as we kissed. I ran my ands over her body and felt her firm, young softness through the silky material of her nightgown. She felt so good in my arms, so feminine, so round and full of sexuality. 

She rolled onto her back and moaned as I leaned over her and I cupped her breasts in my hands and gently squeezed. Her breasts were firm and warm and felt good in my hands. I could feel her nipples through her filmy gown and could feel them harden in my fingers. I needed to see her. I pulled her nightgown down off her shoulders and she helped by pulling her arms through and I slid her garment down to reveal her breasts. As I said they were large for her small frame and so firm that even though she was laying on her back they remained upright, round and full. They were milky white in the dim light and her skin was so very soft I could not stop touching her. She had small, almost girlish nipples surrounded by slightly puffy light brown areolas and I could not wait to taste her. As I lowered my mouth to suck her, I felt her body stiffen and heard her gasp with an intake of breath. I sucked her small nipple into my mouth and felt it swell and harden. I opened my mouth and licked all around her tight nipple and watched as it puckered even more. As I did I could feel her starting to writhe on her back and making small mews of pleasure. 

I wanted to see more of her so I then reached down and lifted her nightgown and felt her raise up so that I could pull it up over her hips. With it gathered around her waist I looked down and saw she was not wearing any panties and I saw her pussy for the first time. It was beautiful! Her pubic hair began very low on her belly almost at the top of her mound. It wasn't very thick, (I learned later that she did not yet shave or trim, although she later she did, to great effect!). She had a very small feminine mound. It was almost flat instead of bulging. Where many women have a rather large genital mound hers was not. Her outer lips were small, thin and compressed which gave her a very youthful appearance. Where some women have large protruding outer lips, Liz's were compact, they did not protrude and instead allowed me to see her sweet little slit clearly. Her pubic hair was much thinner and more sparse on her lower lips allowing a clear view of her sex, and I could see that the thin brown hair was matted with her juice and slick with her excitement. In a word she looked delicious. I have always been most excited by that part of a woman and her look was somehow extremely erotic to me. 

I wanted to see more so I reached down and stroked her inner thighs hoping that she would open her legs wider. I watched with delight as she responded by spreading her legs wider and I then saw a most erotic sight. As she opened her legs and pulled her knees out wider, her tight outer pussy lips pulled slightly apart and I could see the inner lips, hot pink, in contrast to the soft milky white color of her small mound. They were tiny and delicate, glistening, wet, slick and swollen. I could see that she was wet from the top of her slit, just below her tiny clit, all the way down past her opening towards her ass. I wanted to see more so I reached down and gently lifted one of her legs. She pulled her knee up a bit towards her chest and shifted so that her other knee was also wider spread. This opened her wider and gave me an even better view. Her tight little slit was pulled more widely open to give me an even better view of her delicate inner lips and opening. They were very small and they covered her small clitoral bud where they met at the top of her slit. I could see much more of her wetness now glistening in the soft light and I wondered how she tasted. 

The sight of her laying under me, and spread open like that, intoxicated me and at the same time released the erotic aroma of her sex. She smelled like no other woman, sightly sweet and salty like the ocean, clean like wet moss; not very strong but fresh and tantalizing with a hint of feminine perfume. I raised my head to get a better view and I could see her much more clearly. By the dim light coming from the window behind us I saw that her small mound and thin outer lips hid the prettiest pinkest little inner lips and slit I had ever seen. She was becoming fully aroused and I could see the thick wetness seeping from her inner opening. It covering her outer lips and was sticking like strings of saliva to her inner vulval lips, and my mouth watered at the sight. I reached down to touch her and ran my hand down over her soft belly and over the top of her pussy. When my fingers reached her slit, she gasped and bit my neck as she pumped her hips up to meet my hand. I reached immediately for her most intimate and secret spot and slid my finger along her slit. I was amazed at how hot and wet she was. I had never felt a girl as hot and wet as Liz. He juices were not watery or thin, but thick and slippery almost like the finest type of lubricating oil, and they easily coated my fingers as I moved them along her slit. I could see slippery strands of her juice clinging to me as I continued to play my fingers up and over her little clit. I could feel the heat coming up off her pussy in waves and as my finger found her small opening and I started to gently probe her, I was again astonished at how tight she was. As I slowly slid one finger into her opening, she spread her legs a bit wider and I gently pushed into her. Although I had inserted just a single finger she felt amazingly tight! I could not believe that she had ever been fucked before but her wet and willing pussy and her erotic kisses were those of a very experienced woman.

The prospect of sliding my cock into that hot and tight wet pussy was more than I could resist so I lifted my self over her. She responded to shifting herself under me and opening her legs around my waist. I felt her hand reach down between us and take my cock in her hand. As you can imagine I was fully erect and throbbing, the head of my cock was already wet and I was dripping with anticipation. I looked down and saw that my cock was so hard that the shaft had curved up. 

I recall that when I was very young and first started to explore my sexuality, my youthful erections were almost painfully hard and my cock, although not fully grown and more slender than it would finally become, would curve up towards my belly when fully erect. Sometimes if I was especially aroused my young cock would become so hard that it would pointed up towards my chest and, if I was standing, curve up so that it nearly touched my belly. When I was that erect I remember that the ridge along the bottom of my shaft was very pronounced and that when I would jack my fingers along it I could feel the small the fluid pulsing inside. As I looked at my cock sticking out between us, I could see that slight curve again. 

She reached down and took my shaft in her small soft hand. As I watched she wrapped her slender feminine fingers around me and gently squeezed my cock. I shuddered with pleasure and saw another large drop of clear precum ooze from the slit at the tip of my cock. This was a girl that had obviously handled a mans cock. She ran her fingers over my swollen member and across the head, now slick and covered with my precum and her fingers playing with my wetness. She was obviously quite ready for me and she pointed me towards her pussy and guided me to her opening. As the swollen, purple head of my cock came into contact with the soft and soaked lips at her opening I could feel the intense heat of her pussy on me. As I slid the head of my cock along her slit and started into her she stiffened under me and whispered "go slow, please," so I eased my cock into her very carefully. She had a sweet, soft, almost little girl voice, and for some reason the sound of her voice excited me even more. She was the tightest woman I ever felt and as I entered her I could feel every ridge and vein of my cock being squeezed by her wet sheath. As tight as she was, however, her pussy seemed to suck me into her and her slickness made our joining feel like wet silk. I slid my cock slowly into her, savoring every inch and using gentle short pumps until I felt the delicious sensation of my balls resting on her uplifted ass. As my full sack came into contact with her, I could feel her hot wetness there as well. At first , as I was taking her for the first time, she laid quietly, but soon I could feel her start to come alive and wriggle under me. She was starting to respond to me by pumping her hips up to meet me accepting me deeper into her, but when I was nearly all the way in, a sudden feeling came over me so strong that I knew there could be no stopping or holding it back. I felt my cum building up in my balls and knew that I could not stop it. We were not using any birth control so I withdrew my cock as slowly as I could hoping that my orgasm would not hit until I was out of her. Just as the head of my cock popped free of her I felt the first spasms hit me. 

I looked down between us and saw my swollen red cockhead and full hard shaft bobbing and pulsing like it was alive. I had never seen my cock so hard and full. Covered with her juice and glistening in the light, it looked bigger and the head more swollen than I had ever seen it before. Seeing my cock like that was somehow very exciting to me and, although I had never considered it before, I suddenly wondered for a moment what it might taste like, fresh from her hot little pussy. Looking down I saw myself poised over her, and she was spread open under me, her pussy wet and dripping. I could see that my cock was so soaked that strands of her pussy juices were hanging like long strings of saliva from the swollen tip of my cockhead. The smell of her sex was stronger now that her juices had been released and her sweet heady scent rose from her body and went straight to my head. At that moment I felt my orgasm start to hit me and resisted the powerful urge to finish myself; to reach down, take my cock in my hand and pump and milk it, as I had done countless times since I was very young. With neither of us touching me, I watched as my cock started to squirt. 

She had her face buried in my shoulder and she was not looking down to see what was happening. My cock spasmed and shot a thick stream of creamy white cum between us. At first I don't think that she realized what was happening, but as she felt my cum splash first on her mound, then squirt up across her lower belly, and she felt my hot, thick juice she gasped and wrapped her arms around me and pulled me to her and took my mouth in hers and thrust her tongue deeply into my mouth. I responded by wrapping my lips around her tongue and sucking.. and that was how my orgasm finished, with me sucking her tongue and my cock jerking, squiritng and spasming between us. 

When I finished cumming, I reached down and took my thick, wet, slippery cock in my hand and squeezed and milked my shaft once or twice to release the remaining cum from my shaft and wiped off the last creamy white drops from my still swollen head. Then I guided myself back to her tiny opening. She was dripping with her hot thick juices and my cock slid back into her hole and was sucked inside her once again. I resumed gently pumping in and out of her. I laid my torso down on her and felt her whole body beneath me. The feeling of my hot cum juice between our bodies was intensely sexual and I felt her wriggle and rub her belly against mine. 

After a few moments she broke off our kiss and started to gasp and make very erotic sounds in my ear. As we pumped our bodies together, the fit and feeling, and especially the smell and sound of our bodies coming together was intoxicating. I could hear a soft wet sucking sound as my cock pistoned in and out of her pussy. I raised myself back up over her so that I could look down to where we were joined. It was a delicious sight. Her legs were not pulled up very high around my back but she had her knees pulled out far enough that I had full and easy access to her pussy. I could clearly see my cock as I slid in and out of her little body and I loved the sight. It is still a vision I can not forget. My cock was spreading her open causing her small lips to bulge with fullness. I could see her tiny pink clit peeking from the top of her slit and imagined her reaching down and touching herself while was fucked like that. As we fucked, with each stroke I could see her pussy lips wrapped around my full shaft as I withdrew from her, causing them to be pulled outward, and carried back into her with my next thrust. 

It was then that I noticed that she had lifted her head slightly and was also looking down. Seeing her watching us like that caused a shiver of pure, electric sexual energy to surge through me. She didn't lay her head back or turn away from the sight but kept her head raised looking down at where we met for a long moment, clearly excited by what she was seeing. It seemed like, in that moment our connection to each other reached another, higher, or perhaps deeper level. After a while she looked up at me and saw that I had caught her watching and she gave me a small, wicked, and purely sexual smile, and I knew that we were in perfect sync with each other. "Do you like to see it, baby?.." I asked. "Do you like to see my cock fucking you... do you like to watch it..." Her smile widened and she flushed a deeper shade... "Mmmmmmmm, yeah...I do..." she replied in a voice that was thick was passion. Again, the sound of her voice was light a bolt of lightening to me. "I do too.. Honey...it turns me on a lot... it looks sexy doesn't it..." I said. "Mmmmmmmm yeah... I like it too..." she smiled.

As we continued to fuck, she began to be more vocal. Her gasps got deeper and became more intense and it seemed like her sex sounds were almost becoming words. It occurred to me that she was trying to talk, to tell me something, but was afraid to. The sound of her in her passion was stirring something deep in me. Some unknown and missing part of my sexual self was being touched, and I only knew that I wanted more. As I listened to her moaning and gasping, a huge wave of excitement and desperate need came over me. I needed to hear her talking to me, I needed to hear and know what she was thinking and feeling and I needed to share my deepest feelings with her. As we continued that need grew until I could no longer resist it. As we panted and moaned together I whispered in her ear " It's OK sweetheart.. go ahead... you can tell me..anything..anything...go on...say it" Her gasps and sighs started to become more intelligible, she was panting and grunting, and I heard her say, "yessss... mmmm please.." 

I raised up so that I could look down into her eyes and saw a look of pure intense sexuality in her eyes. The little girl next door was gone. Replaced by a beautiful erotic woman in the throes of an overwhelming passion. The sight of her like that thrilled and excited me even more. She was staring up at me, her eyes had narrowed, her mouth was slightly open and she was panting. I felt a flash of recognition. It was like I was looking into a mirror, seeing my other self. "Yes, honey...it's OK... go on... you can tell me baby.. You can say anything honey," I said. As I encouraged her I began to hear her start to form words out of her passion. At first she uttered just a single word, ..."Ffffuuuuuuccckkkkkk... " she hissed. The sound of her voice was like another electric shock to me, and I think that she could feel my response, as I stiffened inside her even more. "Yes, I love you baby...," I said. "Please let go honey, let it out..." 
