 Meg looked out of the bedroom window, it was strange how the initial frantic urgency fades but the passion, the sheer sexual physicality remains. They had been in the hotel room for minutes now and apart from their initial kiss there had been a lull, a hiatus in the knowledge that there was time. 

Jonathan moved behind her, placing his hands around her waist, sliding his fingers upwards on to her naked flesh, making small circles, feeling her skin tighten under his touch. He leaned forward, the fresh smell of her hair enveloping him, lightly kissing the nape of her neck, moving his mouth to nibble at the side of her neck, letting his tongue linger on the tautness of the stretched tendon, moving up to lightly stroke her earlobe.

Taking her by surprise, he lifted her arms above her head in one movement and pulled her jumper and blouse up to, but not over, her arms. Jon span her round and laid her back on the bed placing the fingers of one hand on his lips and the flat of his other on her stomach leaving her in no doubt that he wanted her silent as well as flat on the bed. He unbuckled her jeans and again in one movement pulled them along with her panties down to, but not over, her ankles. He moved Megan on to the bed, arms trapped and ankles held together by clothes, she felt the hardness of his hand under her back as he undid her bra and pulled it above her head to join her jumper and blouse. Jonathan stood back and surveyed his work, hands together above her head and ankles together at her feet, looking at him uncertainly, he knew that she felt as uncomfortable as she looked, exposed and, even though she pressed her knees together, vulnerable.

He stood over her and ran his nails down her exposed sides watching her eyes close with the feel of them. He sat on the bed and drew her nipple between his thumb and forefinger, increasing the rubbing pressure until he knew she could feel the sensation running through her. He leaned over and licked at her other, erect and straining nipple. Gently at first he took it between his lips, then applied his teeth, scraping over their surface, feeling her absorb the initial pain and turning it into pleasure. Jonathan felt her moving the rolling rhythm that indicated her increasing desire and he stood. Now scratching the insides of her thighs with his nails running light lines that got closer and closer to her sex. By now, Meg was subconsciously lifting herself, straining for whatever it was that was going to give her relief.

Jonathan continued running his fingers up Meg's thighs varying the pressure but always getting closer and closer. Finally his fingers reached her outer lips which he took between the thumb and forefinger of each hand rubbing and sliding, gathering her, now flowing, juices to increase lubrication. He moved on to her inner lips gently teasing his fingertips along them, always making sure that he didn't touch her clitoris or even apply any pressure. The only sensation on Meg's clit was Jon's breath as he blew gently. By the time that Jon moved his middle finger inside her and stroked her outer wall Meg was way passed ready to blow but Jon held her, refused her.

Her mind was racing, fever pitch, as she felt the temperature of the action change and when Jon removed the last of her clothing the anticipation of the imminent fucking she was going to get almost set her off.

Nothing moved so Meg opened her eyes. Jon was stood over her with a dangerous smile on his face. "that's enough lady, we said we were going to use this Spa so lets use it. Put your swim stuff on". Meg's mind screamed, no! She was so close that she was in pain, she started to speak, to remonstrate but Jon put his fingers to his lips, "you have no will in this" was the mantra. Meg sobbed inside, he didn't understand, this was real pain. But he did, and she knew that he did, but the swimsuit? Meg had found that Jon rarely did things for no reason. Trying to figure the reason would take the edge off her desire she thought as they changed, Jon into loose fitting swimming trunks and Meg into her two piece. Resplendent in the Spa's bathrobes they walked down to the Health Suite.

The Health suite was large but of a standard design. There was a pool through the middle with a jacuzzi, a sauna and a steam room. Meg wondered? She quickly took in the cctv cameras covering the whole area. She knew Jon was adventurous, daring even, but he wasn't stupid, so what was he planning in the Health Suite?

Jon was in a playful mood, splashing about in the pool like a teenager and the ache in Meg's groin and stomach had even started to recede when he suggested the steam room. The room was large with a glass door and the white tiling tic tic'ing to the sound of the condensing water. A man was sitting just inside the door and Jon passed some pleasantry with him as they entered and moved to the lower tiled seats at the back of the room. It certainly was an efficient system with the room full of swirling thick menthol smelling steam. Jon was making small-talk about the benefits of steam and how different it was from the sauna. It had almost lulled her into a comfortable reverie when she felt his left had stroking the inside of her right thigh. Meg realised that her thighs had opened, that the dull ache had flared to a screaming need . . . but surely not here, not like this. Jon realised, as he had hoped, that Meg had swung back into heightened sexuality he ran his hand right up to the crotch of Meg's swimsuit, enough to get the reaction, her hand starting to descent to stop him, the shake of the head. He looked into her eyes and smiled and she immediately relaxed and opened her legs again. Having made his point, Jon, moved his hand away, at first cupping Meg's right breast and then sliding it down inside her bikini top to cup the naked flesh, stroking her nipple feeling it strain even tighter against his fingers. 

Meg was suddenly washed by a wave of panic, the man by the door! She looked across and realised that she could hardly make him out through the steam. It was unnerving knowing that he was only a matter of metres away as she sat, now with the fabric of her top pulled below her breasts, breasts that were being suckled alternately by Jon, whose hand was now nestled between her thighs stroking at her engorged slit She slipped down toward him, half wishing desperately to cum, half staring at the ghostly shape of the stranger dreading the steam clearing or swirling enough to see. "He must know", she thought, "must be aware of the breathing", but he didn't move. A naughty thought at the back of her mind niggled – was he hard, was he stroking himself? That was the moment that she dropped her head on to Jon's shoulder and came, all the pent up sexuality that he had refused her earlier burst out of her, God, she thought as she panted and rocked, he was still working outside her clothes!

Jon leaned back and stretched, "this is nice, I'm OK here, are you alright?" Meg uttered a guttural sound from the back of her throat that Jon took as a yes, the other thing he took was Meg's hand which he placed around his exposed throbbing cock taken out whilst she was recovering. That little bit of panic struck again as she looked over to the swirling form of the stranger by the door. Was he staring? Jon gently held her head and eased it down towards his cock, no!, he wasn't going to make her suck him off in public, Jon took the pressure from her head, lifted it by her chin and smiled in to her eyes. Meg knew what that meant and, this time of her own accord, bent down and took the swollen head in to her mouth , working lips and tongue until she felt it strain, then adding the power of a gently pumping hand. At the same time she was also trying to look at the shape, fear and fascination picking up her desire. 

Meg felt Jon tighten . . . at just the same time as he lifted her head. Again he looked in to her eyes and held them as she felt him open her thighs and move aside her bikini bottoms. She was soaked, engorged, desperate to be filled, as he worked two fingers inside of her and slowly rotated his thumb around her clitoris. He held her eyes shaking his head, indicating that she mustn't cum, then, after a pause, saying yes, just as she burst, groaning, grabbing, he wouldn't let her stop, as she was swept over again and again and again before he finally allowed her to come down. 

He allowed a short time for recovery and then stood. "Oh too hot in here, quite enough now I think, you coming?" he said as he took her hand and headed for the door . . . and the stranger. Jon said bye to the man as he passed and the stranger replied with a sound and look, with a smile, that ran from Meg's eyes to her thighs and back up again, until when his eyes rested on hers he was beaming. Meg, on the other hand didn't quite know what to do with herself as she followed Jon out of the suite and in to the lift.

The orgasms had been many and mind-blowing but there was a little something missing. Meg wanted to be filled, filled and fucked and that insistence was growing. She mentioned it to Jon on the way up in the lift but had seemed not to hear. As they reached their door, however, and Meg swiped the card he laughed, "ah maybe, lets see . . . all in good time". So he had heard and he was still keeping her wanting. She wanted to stamp her feet and throw a tantrum like a little child – but she wasn't a child and she knew that Jon had something else in mind . . . she was about to find out!

To be continued . . .