 It was the middle of the afternoon, and I had just finished classes. It was a beautiful spring day, and I was wearing a blue dress that showed off my 32D-24-33 figure very nicely, with a matching black demi-cup bra and thong underneath. I had borrowed my friend Brian's book for the class, and went by his suite on the way back to mine to give it back.

When I got to the suite, I was distracted, and instinctively tried the doorknob before I knocked, I'm not sure why. It was unlocked, so I went inside. I knew most of Brian's roommates, and didn't really expect anyone to be home, so I headed for Brian's room to leave the book on his bed. I dropped the book off, left his room, and was headed for the door when I heard a sound. I stopped in my tracks, because although my mind may have been playing tricks on me, it sounded distinctively like a guy's moan. I looked towards where it came from, and noticed Brian's roommate Mike's door was open. I crept closer to the door and looked inside. I gasped quietly to myself when I saw what was happening: Mike was in his room, lying on his bed completely naked, watching TV. I could see the screen, and his back was to me. On the screen, a girl I recognized as Brianna Banks was leaning over holding onto the wall, and a long-haired blonde man was behind her, his cock slamming in and out of her ass.

Mike was on the hockey team, so he was pretty cut. His tight biceps and sixpack rippled as he moved, and I adjusted my view to see what he was doing. He had his hand wrapped around his cock and was stroking it up and down, and let me tell you, this thing was huge. It towered from between his legs, so thick even he couldn't get his strong hand all the way around it. It was so big it must have taken him a full two seconds to stroke it from head to base. I bit my lip in excitement, and watched.

Mike was stroking his cock slowly faster as he watched the slutty pornstar getting rammed on screen. I saw him bring his hand to his mouth and lick his palm, coating his hand with saliva. He returned the hand to his cock, his amazing throbbing shaft glistening with moisture as he started to stroke his cock wetly in the sunlight. This made me even hornier, and between watching Mike fist that massive cock and watching the intense fuck on the TV screen, I began to feel a twinge in my pussy, and my wetness increased incredibly quickly. Without realizing it, I crept my hand underneath my skirt and started rubbing my pussy through my soaked thong.

Suddenly, I heard Mike start to moan louder and stroke his cock so fast that his hand was a blur. I knew what was coming next, and bit my lip to stave off my own moans. Mike moans "Mmmm, yes you little slut, you like getting fucked by that big cock? You want to get covered in cum you little slut? I'm... gonna... CUM!!"

He throws his head back, eyes pressed closed, teeth gritted, and I'll be damned if that gigantic cock of his didn't just explode with cum. The first blast shot so high I swear it almost hit the ceiling, splashing down across his chest. Rope after rope of thick white cum blasted from Mike's beautiful cock in all directions, landing on his cut chest, his tight stomach, his powerful legs, his strong hand still jacking his spurting cock, covered with cum, he belts out moans as his torrential orgasm subsides. The last few spurts ooze from his powerful slit, dribbling down his fingers.

Seeing him covered in that cum was too much for me. I pushed the shoulder-straps of my dress off and let it fall to the floor, standing only in my skimpy bra and thong. I slowly stepped into the room and dropped to my knees next to the bed. Amazingly, I was so quiet and Mike was still so wrapped up in his orgasm that I was an inch from him by the time he noticed me. I leaned down and began to slowly lick the thick dollops of sperm from his hard chest. As I touched him, he jerked back to consciousness, looking down at me in surprise. "Nicole! What are you doing here?!?"

I laid my hand on his arm gently, settling him down. "What does it look like? I'm eating your cum!" and with that, I resumed my efforts to clean this sexy man with my mouth.

Mike didn't know what to think, but decided this was not a bad thing, and relaxed to watch me. I licked his chest clean, scooping cum into my mouth, and worked my way down his body. I cleaned every inch of his muscular stomach, making my way down his thighs, purposely avoiding his still-throbbing monster. When his whole body was clean, I gripped his semi-hard gooey shaft in my hand and started sucking. His length was clean and covered instead in my saliva in a matter of seconds, but I wasn't done. I felt his amazing tool start to grow again in my mouth, and I popped my lips off and stroked him slowly, looking up into his eyes. "You have a wonderful cock, Mike. It's big, long and thick. Watching your cock spray your incredible load everywhere was the most incredible thing. I only wish you had shot all that cum on me."

Mike smiled down at me, "I'm glad you like it, hun. You have a pretty amazing body yourself. Why don't you take off the rest of your clothes so I can see all of it?"

I smiled and kissed the throbbing tip of his cock and stood up slowly. "Now I don't want you losing your hardon, and I really want to watch you do it some more, so I'll take off the rest of my clothes only if you jerk that amazing cock while you watch me."

Mike winked, and wrapped his hand around his cock again, slowly stroking it up and down. I stood up and swayed my hips to the music coming from the TV. I ran my hands slowly down my body, gliding my fingertips over my bulging cleavage, down my smooth stomach, and over my thong-covered mound. I turned around, and waving my tight ass in front of him, reached back and unclipped my bra, letting it fall to the floor. I turned back around to see Mike jacking his cock at a slightly faster rate, watching my firm 32D tits bounce as I moved. I winked at him, and hooked my fingers into the waistband of my satin black thong, slowly sliding it down my hips and smooth legs, revealing my shaved pussy, so wet I was dripping down the inside of my thighs. Mike groaned as I stood naked before him, touching myself all over, slipping a hand in between my legs. I stared at his huge cock as he stroked it, watching a man with a huge cock masturbate has to be one of the hottest sights I have ever seen.

I slipped a finger inside my pussy, and moaned at the sensation, my pussy had been aching to be touched since I entered the room. I moaned and fingered myself, squeezing my tit and pinching my nipple with the other hand, then slipping it down to rub my clit as I fingered myself. Mike had enough of masturbating and said, "OK, that's it, girl, get over here and ride my cock like I know you want to."

I smiled and crawled onto the bed, straddling Mike and poising his massive tip at the entrance to my gushing pussy. I was incredibly wet, but not quite enough for this monster, and I had to ease in every inch of it. Excruciatingly slowly, I lowered my dripping cunt onto his ridiculous fuck stick, feeling my pussy walls stretch to accommodate the gigantic shaft, both of us moaning with every new inch inside me. I finally got about 6 inches inside, and started to push myself up, he began to push his hips up, slowly thrusting into my pussy. With each thrust I was able to take a little bit more of his cock, and before long, I had the incredible thing buried inside me. When I was finally able to take him to the hilt, I stopped for a moment, enjoying being stuffed with cock, rippling my pussy muscles along his shaft, he smiled as he felt my pussy milking his cock.

He had run out of patience, and he gripped my tight ass, pulling me up and down on top of him. I started to moan a lot as I felt every little bit of his cock enter and leave my pussy, I had never felt so sensitive in my life. I started to bounce on top of him riding his incredible cock, gripping his tight shoulders, digging my fingernails into his back. I threw my head back as he leaned forward and began to suck on my hard nipples, squeezing my ass and driving his cock to incredible places inside me. I could feel his cockhead pushing into my womb as he fucked me, the ridge of his tip grinding against my g-spot, making my body shudder. 

Mike kept fucking me, deeper and harder, and I felt a massive orgasm welling up deep in my body. His animal grunts and moans were driving me on, and I was moaning and screaming so loud I'm sure the entire hall could hear us. Before I knew it I felt like I was having a heart attack as the orgasm tore through my body. I gripped Mike as hard as I could, pulling his massive cock to the hilt inside my pussy. I didn't make a sound except for a little forced whimper as my cunt poured my juices all over his cock, my pussy muscles clamping on his throbbing shaft like a vice. I heard him yell, "Holy shit, Nicole, I'm gonna cum sooo harddd..."

I was still motionless in the throes of orgasm as he withdrew his massive cock from my spasming pussy. The slickness from my cunt made his cock slide between the cheeks of my ass, and he reached behind me to jerk his cock. His body started jerking and I felt a thick splat of cum on the back of my head, getting caught in my hair. Then I felt a huge blast of cum hit my back from his cock to my shoulder. Spurt after spurt was covering the back of my body, an impossible amount of cum dripping down my ass and onto his legs. I continued to cum, grinding my hard extended clit against his body, my pussy still gushing liquid all over him as he absolutely poured his cum all over my back.

When the fireworks finally subsided, we could barely move. I collapsed on top of him, feeling the pools of cum drip off the sides of my hips and shoulders, and I could feel it oozing down the sides of my tits, pressed against his chest and bulging out the sides. I felt so amazingly fulfilled, we spent a good ten minutes lying there recovering before we got into the shower.

But we'll save that story for next time...