 Ryan stared down at Josie in sympathy. She looked so adorable curled up with the blanket wrapped tightly around her small form. If it wasn't for the clammy skin and the flushed cheeks, one would almost believe she had accidentally fallen asleep on the couch but his baby girl was sick with the flu. 

He had come home from work and discovered her fast asleep on the bathroom floor, her skin hot to the touch, and when he woke her, she had wasted no time in complaining her tummy was upset and then promptly emptied what was left of its contents into the toilet for the third time that evening. He'd held her hair back like any good boyfriend would have done and then convinced her to have a fairly cold shower in attempt to ward off the fever that was burning her skin. 

Afterwards, he carried her into the living room where he settled her, with her blanket, pillow, a bucket and a large bottle of ginger ale, where she had swiftly fallen back asleep and stayed there for the following two hours. 

Ryan rested his hand on her forehead, relieved to find that though she was still warm, the temperature no longer sat at such frightening heights. Josie stirred at his touch and smiled up at him when she opened her eyes and met his gaze. 

"I love you." she told him groggily.

He met her smile and leaned towards her. "I love you too, sweetie."

"Don't kiss me!" she cried, turning her face away from his advancing lips. "You'll get sick."

He laughed and landed his kiss on her forehead instead and perched beside her on the couch with his arm draped loosely across her. 

"How is your tummy feeling?"

"Better," she told him after a big yawn. "But I hurt all over." 

Josie raised a hand to her eyes and attempted to rub the tiredness and sickness out of them, all at the same time.

"Ryan," she whined dramatically. "I hate being sick. Make me better." she pleaded, a smile playing on her lips as she shut her eyes again. He gathered her hands and brought them both to his lips. "Can I get you anything? Want to try eating something yet?"

Josie shook her head. "No, I'm not ready for food yet."

"Alright." he settled against her, resting his head on her tummy. 

She let her fingers weave through his hair and dozed off for a couple of minutes. 

She stirred and moaned, causing Ryan to lift his head and study her.

"Where does it hurt, baby?"

"Right here," she complained, her hand moving to rest on her stomach.

"Your tummy?" he asked, pulling back the blanket and lifting the edge of her shirt, revealing soft, creamy skin with toned abs and a beautiful belly button. He leaned down and pressed his lips to the skin there performing a soft kiss. "How's that?"

"It hurts here too," she moaned, pulling the side of her shirt down to reveal one of her shoulders. 

He moved and pressed his lips there as well. "Anywhere else?"

"Here," she turned the inside of her arm towards him and he pushed the sleeve up and pressed another kiss to the inside of her elbow. "And here," she tilted her head and gave him access to the side of her neck. 

He allowed his lips to linger there, drawing a slight sigh to escape through her lips. "Here too." she pressed a palm against her temple and closed her eyes. "Maybe I should take an aspirin."

He dropped yet another kiss on her forehead and leaned back to look at her, a small grin forming on his lips.

"You know what the best cure for a headache is?"

Josie met his smile with a knowing grin. 

"It hurts here too," Her hand crept between her legs, and his eyes followed the trail drawing a small groan from his own lips. "We shouldn't," he told her, his expression turning serious. "You should be resting."

She frowned and pushed her lips out into a pout. 

"I think that it's a great idea." she told him, lightly letting her fingers trace down his chest, across his stomach and even lower to the bulge in his jeans. "I think that it might be just what I need to recover."

Ryan didn't ask again. He slowly eased down her body, gathering every bit of anticipation he could render and eased up the hem of her shirt. 

Josie was completely bare underneath but he already knew that, he had helped her dress after her shower. 

She smiled spreading her legs wide, allowing him to take his time to enjoy the view which he did so with appreciation. 

A moment later, he lowered his head. Josie gripped the pillow behind her head with her fists, clenching her inner muscles with building bliss at Ryan's tongue swirled around her sensitive nub. His tongue continued to taunt and tease her clitoris while she writhed with pleasure. The air was coming out of her lungs in short, excited breaths and her cheeks flushed pink with erotic ecstasy instead of fever. 

Ryan circled his tongue slowly down one side of her pulsing clit and then up the other, bringing a moan from her lips. He lightly scraped his teeth right over her hot spot and she cried out thrusting her vagina up towards his face, begging him for release. He gave in taking her sensitized nub into his mouth sucking lightly for the first couple of seconds, then changing his pace, his tongue sent her over the edge. 

Her cries echoed off the living room walls as her body vibrated with release. 

Ryan kept his mouth on her until she collapsed back onto the couch in exhaustion. He grinned with pleasure and dropped a kiss on the inside of her thigh and then another on her lower abdomen and then all the way up to her forehead. He frowned at the warmth he felt there and lifted a hand to her heated forehead. "How are you feeling?"

Josie opened her eyes and grinned sexily at him. "My headache is gone."

He smiled an evil grin and crawled off the couch. 

"I'll be right back. I'm going to go and get a cold cloth for your forehead. Your fever is starting to come back."

"Wait!" she cried, grabbing onto his arm. "We haven't taken care of you yet!" 

Her gaze dropped purposely to the bulge in his jeans. Ryan leaned down and dropped another kiss at the corner of her mouth.

"It's alright, sweetie. We'll save that for when you're feeling better."

He turned and left her staring at his back with an expression of contentment resting on her flushed face. 

Being sick was so much better being loved by someone like Ryan, who always knew just what she needed to get well. The next morning Josie felt fantastic and woke Ryan up with every bit of appreciation she had felt the night before.