 This story is based on real events, but names as well as a few details have been changed . . . 

Needless to say after another boring week at work, I was more than ready for my weekend to start. I'd been single for just over a month now, and hadn't really gone out or done much of anything since Stacie (not her real name) decided to go back to her childish and uncontrolled drinking habits. 

Now a little background about me, Tim. Not that I had much choice after my college graduation, but I had to take a job doing something I hated, and in a white trash town, where there isn't much to do besides go to the bar if the weather isn't perfect. I'd gotten a girlfriend with quite a bit of baggage, but that lasted only about 6 weeks before she went off the deep end. Now back to the present . . . 

The bar I went to that Friday evening had by far the hottest girls in town. You just had to be careful because 1 out of 3 was married and that didn't stop most of them from flirting with you. I ran into a buddy of mine there and chatted. For a while nothing much happened until I saw someone else I'd only met once. 

Amy was 2 years older than me, and at 25, still had a killer body. When I finally remembered her name and where I saw her before, I said adios to Mark and walked over to her. It was nice to be remembered as "Stacie's hot boyfriend, the guy who's got his shit together." I couldn't stop admiring. She had on faded blue jeans, a pink shirt that showed off her 34C tits perfectly with a black overshirt/sweater on over it. 

As the night went along, we chatted some more. Then things got juicy. I asked her "Do you remember what you said to Stacie that night?". I had to remind her that "Stacie, I'm gonna kick your ass if you let him get away". She laughed and then said to my ear "What I really meant was if she let you get away, I was going to take you home!!" She then put her hand on the side of my face, and kissed me. Not just a little kiss, a really hot one. 

A little later, after her 2 girl friends approved of me, she decided to sit on my lap at the bar table. The flirting and kissing had been going on for a while, and she already mentioned "I'm taking him home tonight". Needless to say, right then I was sporting a hardon that I was surprised she hadn't noticed, and there were no thoughts of Stacie anywhere in my head. Then unlike me, I got a little bold and when we went to get another round, I stood behind her and slid her hand down from my stomach to the growing hardon inside my jeans. 

In the time we'd been talking, we'd originally planned just to go home together, and not have sex the first night, and wait for the 2nd time to do it. She knew sex would mean 1 night stand, and neither of us really wanted that. Then, when she felt my hardon, she kept it there, turned around immediately and said "Forget what I said before, we're having sex tonight!!"

A few hours later when we finally got back to my apartment, things happened really fast. Before I even had a chance to put the movie in that she requested we "watch" while in bed, she was naked in all her glory under my blankets. She was amazing. She stood up in front of me when I saw her and immediately pulled my remaining clothing items off. Oh she was perfect. Blonde and tan. A firm round ass and nice full 34C set of tits on her. Her pussy was nice and full, but tight, and shaved which I love. Before I knew it, that gorgeous body was right up against me making out with her as she stroked my hard cock that was finally happy to be free. 

As we moved to the bed, I slid down her body, squeezing softly her beautiful breasts, kissing them, and licking them, with a little soft bite that soon drove her wild. As I went down farther, she at first gasped "Oh, no, I don't want you to lick me down . . . AAAHHHHH!" but it was too late. I had just licked up and down her clit, which was already glistening with her lovely juices. It didn't take too long, as I darted my tongue in and out, stuck a finger inside to massage her g-spot and used my other hand to rub the top of her clit. It only took about 5 minutes before she came and she immediately sat up, kissed me and then said "I want you in me now!!!"

Before I knew it, I was being straddled by this woman who was on a mission to have many orgasms. As she took my cock, which she stopped, got a ruler and measured almost 8" from base to tip and 6 inches circumference at the base, and slid it in to her pussy. It wasn't the least bit difficult, even though she was really tight. Her first orgasm made her so wet she sank right down on it, only able to say "Oh My God!!! It . feels . . .so GOOD inside me!!!"

She picked up her rhythm and the next 15 minutes were a blur of her riding me, kissing me and plenty of moaning. She'd already cum once, when I felt that unmistakeable feeling brewing in my balls. I was about to explode, and right after she came, again, she got down and less than a minute after she licked my cock, I shot rope after rope onto her boobs, stomach and one shot landed on her cheek. 

A couple of things I've learned about myself is that even after an orgasm, I can still stay pretty hard after only about 2 minutes after an orgasm. I also have good control of my PC muscle and can flex my cock and wave my hardon almost at will. She'd had 3 orgasms and when she saw I wasn't done yet, she was definitely ready for more. 

I figured I'd repay the favor and she gladly accepted by spreading her legs giving me a perfect view of the gorgeous tight pussy that I'd just fucked, and would be for a while. 

"Oh God, Tim, please, do it again"

"Anything for you baby"

"Oh yes that's it. You feel really good inside me. Your penis, its perfect. Smooth, hard, long and thick . . AAHHHH. OOOOHHHHHH, slam your balls against my pussy, long and hard strokes, I love it . . . EEEEEAAAAHHHH. I'm going to come again. .. AHH AHHH. "

"Mmmm yeah, that's it baby. You love getting filled up. Come for me, I know you want to do it again. "

"YYYEEESSSS!!!! OH MY GOD!!!! You fuck me so good. . .Now let me turn over and lie flat, because I wanna feel that huge dick of yours slamming into me from behind and your balls against my ass!!!"

And that's exactly what I did. I love that position, I can get a nice angle into her pussy. Her beautiful ass cheeks can squeeze my dick as I fuck her. And since she's really wet and my balls are hanging really low, there's that sound that is so unique of balls slapping against a gorgeous ass as she gets the best sex she's had in years. And even better sex than I had 2 months earlier. . . 

I held this hardon for a while, and was ready to cum again at just the right time. She said to me, after another powerful orgasm "I'm done, and you're still going, you better hurry up there stud!" 

"Can I fuck your tits?"

She didn't answer. But within 2 seconds my cock was in between her gorgeous mounds as she gave me my last and most powerful orgasm of the night. 

"Mmm I love you fucking my tits. Your cock feels so good there. Cum all over me, Tim. Give it to me, baby"

That did it, as the first of several shots landed under her chin, so hard that you could hear it land on her skin. A few seconds later, she milked the last few drops of my cum onto her boobs, and rubbed the cum into her skin. 

As we were finally ready to go to sleep, I asked her "So how many orgasms did you have?". "I lost count after like 6 or 7" she said. Then she fell asleep right next to me, and placed my softening cock right in between her ass cheeks to boot. 

When she left the next morning things went innocently enough, but she said "I'll be out again tonight, meet you there about 11?" 

"Sure, after this night, why wouldn't I?"

"Well I'm the one who got to go home with a totally hot guy, and got a bonus that you were amazing in bed" That made my day, or so I thought. 

That night, I made it to the bar a little before 11. As I sat down at an empty chair, and about 40 feet away, across the dance floor I see Stacie, sitting with her old housemate, and another pal, who happened to be one of Amy's friends. She saw me, while she happened to be talking to Amy, who was standing right next to her. I'm like "oh shit, this could be trouble"

I said "fuck it, I'm goin over there anyway" Needless to say, just as I got to the table, Amy came over, met me, and said nothing as we both turned and walked out for the night . . . and then went home, with the ex watching the whole thing. As we walked out, Amy said "I'm still sore, but after last night . . I want more. But I want to give you a nice strip tease and lap dance, since we should have a little more time tonight . . . "

Who am I to argue . . .