 We walk into the clothing store. Actually, it's not really a clothing store, so much as a lingerie store. We're back in Victoria's Secret looking for more sexy underwear for you. However, Jan's Secret is that underneath your pants and beneath your underwear you are wearing the Butterfly. In my left pocket lies the remote and my finger is on the trigger. We walk past the initial line of underwear because it that huge waistband style that I'm not a fan of. We walk past the frilly stuff because neither of us like that. When we reach the central area, my head turns left and yours turns right. You are looking at the thongs while I am looking over at the full body stuff. I lean over to you and whisper,

"You go your way and I'll go mine and whoever finishes first comes and grabs the other one."

"How many items?" you ask.

I flick on the switch and letting your ear feel my warm moist breath,

"As many as you want."

I kiss your cheek, notice you have a big smile, and take off to the left. I move very slowly, wanting to drag out the time that the vibrations ring through your clit. Also, because I am wondering if that smile is from the Butterfly or my response or both. I notice that you are carefully examining the underwear. I'm guessing that one of the questions running through your mind is,

"Would he think this looks incredibly sexy on me?"

Or some version of that like,

"Is this as sexy a pair as I can find?"

or

"Does this show me off in the most sexy fashion?"

I decide to respond by running over to you. In the middle of the crowded store, I step up behind you and cup both your breasts through your shirt. Giving them a squeeze I lean in and say,

"Don't worry, I have faith in whatever you choose will definitely be to my liking."

I push further into you, letting the semi-erection in my pants push in between the tight cheeks of your ass. You tilt your head back and I kiss you, letting my tongue slide all over yours. I then depart to continue my search.

I look at the bodices and decide that I don't like the style they are offering. A salesperson comes over and asks,

"Do you need any help, sir?"

I look at her.

"Umm...not really. No."

"Well then," she turns and begins to walk away.

"Actually," I say which makes her spin around on her heels, "I was wondering if you had anything....special?"

"What size is your partner, sir?" I point to you.

"That's her over there. Now let me tell you that we have purchased many of your fine products, but I am in the mood for something that will truly enrapture both her and I."

She looks you up and down. I guess she has worked here long enough that with just a quick glance she can figure out sizes. Turning back to me she says,

"I think I have just the thing. Wait right here, sir."

And she darts off to the back of the store. Meanwhile, I figure I probably shouldn't waste my time so I continue to search.

I wander over to the corsets. I imagine you stepping out from behind a closet wearing nothing but the corset. Your pussy glistening with moisture, your chest heaving, your breasts trying to spring forth from beneath their encasement as you sashay over to me lying down on an imaginary bed. I imagine you straddling me and slowly sinking down onto my hard cock. As you begin to slowly ride me, I would reach up and squeeze your breasts, making them feel even tighter within their confides. Then, as you were beginning to peak, I would reach behind you and pull the strings. I would rip the corset from your body, letting your breasts fall free and bounce as I would lean up and begin to suckle them; letting my wet tongue cover them, replacing the hard-soft material of the corset. Out of one confine and into the confines of my mouth. I would lick and suck your nipples as your pussy exploded around my cock, clenching it and letting your cum run down all over my lap. I look over at you and see you bending down especially far to see some thongs on the bottom shelf. I marvel at your ass and decide that it just won't due to get you something that doesn't include some garment for that wonderful pert butt. I know we could use a different piece of underwear, but I want to see you tonight in a completely new outfit. Call me stupid, but that's my thinking.

I continue over to the robes. I graze the fine fabric with my fingertips. I can see through them, I watch my fingertip slide up and down the sleeve of one. I remember your robe and I know how sexy you look in it. You don't need a new robe; your old one is so sexy. The way your breasts are just barely hidden inside and it is just long enough to cover your butt. It shows off so much of your thighs that we both know that when you wear it, it's only after sex when I am too tired to pull you back into bed, open your robe, and make love to you a second time. However, when you return from the bathroom or wherever after wearing it, then I've regained my strength and you are fair game again. Round two....begin! Odd that sex can be like a boxing match; robes, rounds. It makes me think of foxy boxing and just then I reach the nighttime boxers.

I never understood these things. Why cover up more than a regular panty and why wouldn't you want to sleep naked? I love feeling your naked body wrapped around mine or lying on top of me as you drift off to slumber. It also makes it much easier if I can't sleep or wake up early and just happen to feel inclined to reach down and start rubbing your smooth pussy lips. Sure you might have wanted to sleep, but once you roll over a little and I am able to shove a finger inside of you and place my thumb on your clit, all arguments are out the window. I love fingering you early in the morning, having you roll over and stick your ass right into my crotch. I know instantly that you want me to fuck you sideways and I am more than happy to oblige. Slipping inside of you, grabbing your hip, and fucking you slowly as the sun rises.

The salesperson returns with a big white box. She opens the lid and I peer inside. It is a truly erotic and sexy item. I smile at her and take the box.

"I think she will like it."

"I'm glad, sir. Do you want to pay for it?"

"Not right now. She has to try it on."

"I'm positive it is her size, sir"

"Yes, but she still has to try it on,"

I say and wink at her. She smiles.

"Very well, sir."

"Thank you."

And with that, she's off to help another person. I wander further over my side and notice the nighties. About this time you wander over to me.

"Find anything?" I ask.

"Yeah, a few things."

You show me a few pairs of things, but I really can't make them out without you actually wearing them. They look quite good as it is though.

"What's in the box?" you ask reaching for it.

I pull it out of your reach and say,

"You'll see."

"Umm...you mind if we go?"

You whisper into my ear,

"I don't think I can take much more of this."

I kiss you and feel your tongue working in highly sexed mode, meaning that you are actually close to orgasm. When this happens, your tongue tends to be the dominant one, forcing its way all over my mouth; pushing and licking with every bit of force your orgasm usually has. Well not every since you usually have pretty big orgasms. I turn the vibrator off.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes," you say with a sigh of relief.

"Too bad," I say as I flick the vibrator back on.

G-d I wish this thing had multiple speeds. I would turn it up all the way if it did.

"I am still looking. Just try to enjoy yourself."

I notice you are biting your lip and trying to think of other things other than the pulsating butterfly on your clit. I take a nighty off the rack.

"Why would anyone buy one of these?"

"I don't know. Can we just go?" you say with some amount of desperation.

"I'm serious, why buy something like this when it is so much better lying naked together."

You lean in close to my ear and let out a soft moan.

"I....am....very close. Please?"

You say in between some rather hard breathing. I look at you and notice your nipples are rock hard. Even underneath your bra I can see them standing out straight. I put the nighty back.

"Okay, but I didn't get to finish."

You encircle my arm and begin to drag me off to the dressing room.

"I'll finish you off later," you say.

You reach a hand down and squeeze my cock to give me an indication of how. When we reach the line I turn the vibrator off. No reason for you to orgasm while standing in line.

We finally get into a room. I lock the door and when I turn around, your shirt is off. I sit down on the little bench. As you reach down to unzip your pants, I reach over and squeeze your breast. I begin to roll your nipples in between my fingers.

"Umm...you're making this difficult," you say.

"Really? I thought this was making it difficult,"

I say as I flick the switch. I listen to you gasp and hurry to get your pants off. I notice the damp spot at the front. I tap my knee and you sit down straddling it, like a kid riding a rocking horse. I can feel the vibrations and I turn off the vibrator. I begin to bounce my knee. I reach up and begin to unbutton your bra. You lean your head back to kiss me. You raise your arms and off comes your bra. My hands begin to fondle your breasts. I talk to you in between kisses.

"If....I...like something....then you'll.....know.....if....not.....then....there...won't....be a....sign."

You kiss me deep telling me you understand. I pinch and twist your nipples. Pulling on them, feeling how hard they are with my fingers. I finally release your breasts.

"Stand up," I say.

You stand up and face me, your crotch right at eye level. You reach down and slip your panties off.

"Hand me the first pair,"

you say motioning to the three pairs you have laid down beside me and on top of the box. I give you the first pair of underwear, which is a slim black thong. You slide them up and strike a pose.

"Well?"

"Turn around, let me see all of you."

You begin to turn around slowly. When your back is to me, you put your arms up against the door and push your ass out into my face. I flick the vibrator on, letting you know that I enjoy them.

"I guess you like them?"

I stand up and say,

"I have to make sure."

I lean in and kiss you. I slide my hand down over your flat tummy and down to the waistband. I slide my fingers across the waistband, back and forth. I then dip them underneath the waistband and repeat the action. I then pull my hand out and bring it to your inner thigh. I slowly slide it up til I can touch your pussy. I begin to trace the outline of your pussy lips. I can hear you begging in my mouth to touch you, to finger you, to slide my fingers in and out of you until you cum long and hard. But you still have several other pairs to try. I turn the vibrator off and sit down.

I pick up the next pair and you slide off the black thong. This is a red bra and panty set. It has a nice embroidery and looks quite good on you. However, it resembles your white pair too much so I don't think we'll be taking it home. Yet, this doesn't stop me from stepping up to you and putting my hands beside your breasts. I push them together and lean down. I begin to kiss and lick your neck, moving from your shoulder up to your ear. I move to the other side and begin to kiss the other shoulder. I palm your breasts and rub them as my tongue slides up to your ear. I lick your earlobe. As I begin to suck on it, I squeeze your breasts.

"Next," I say and I suddenly sit back down.

You slip off the set and I hand you the next one. This is a green thong that is fuzzy. It actually looks a lot like your other thong so I don't think we'll be purchasing it. Still, I want to make sure, so I again ask you to turn around. As you turn, I stand and when your back is to me, I stop you. I reach down and cup your ass. I squeeze your cheeks and lean over you, pressing you against the door. As my hand begins to slide down the crack of your ass, I let you feel my hot breath against your ear.

"Now," I say while slipping my hand so that I am cupping your pussy,

"what pair of underwear does this look like? Because it certainly feels like one you own."

I grip the piece of material covering your pussy and pull it back and to the side. I begin to stroke your wet pussy lips and ask,

"Doesn't this pair seem familiar?"

"I figured you liked the other one so...."

I cut you off by slipping my finger deep into your pussy. I hear you moan and whimper. I stroke in and out of you.

"You're right, I do like the other pair. But we don't need doubles, now do we?"

As I begin to stroke your G-spot I hear you Mmmm-mmmm a response. I slide my finger out.

"Good," I say as I sit back down.

As you turn around, you see me licking my finger clean of your sweet juice.

"Well, only one left."

You slip off the underwear. I open the box and hold it up so you can peer inside. Your eyes go wide.

"Umm...I don't think....."

"Just try it on," I say.

You can hear that I really want you to and what are you gonna lose by just trying it. Also, the sooner you try it on, the sooner we can get back home and we can fuck each other silly. You reach inside and pull out the outfit.

What is inside is a red teddy. It is low cut and shows off your cleavage while also pushing up your breasts. The panty part, it's all one piece, is high cut and really shows off all of your legs. It also has little clips for garters if you are wearing them. I close my eyes when you take it from my hand.

"Tell me when you have it on," I say.

A moment later you tell me that you're ready. I open my eyes and the next moment seems like an eternity. You look so sexy that it takes a few breaths before I can find the switch. When you feel the vibrator going off you smile and say,

"Wow, you must really like it. Your eyes just shot open...."

I cut you off by standing up and kissing you hard. I push you back against the wall and you can feel my hard cock rubbing up against your tummy. I begin to feel you all over. I feel like a 14 year-old the first time he is with a girl; I want to touch every part of you. I can feel the vibrations through my pants and I pull you further into me. I manage to turn us around. I have you sit down and I spread your legs. I knee down in front of you. I lean is and kiss you deep,

"G-d you look so sexy."

And I kiss you again. My hand goes to your pussy and begins to rub it.

"You are so hot in that!"

I begin to push the material into your pussy, fingering you through it.

"I can't believe how sexy you look."

Before you can respond, I drop down in front of you. I pull the material aside so I can watch the Butterfly work your clit. I pull its strap to the side and lean in. I am moving fast because I am so horny and I just shove my tongue deep into your pussy. As I lick your walls, lapping up all the cum that's already there, I don't care if anyone can here. You need to know how absolutely sexy you are in this outfit. How incredibly hot your terrific body is within it. And I mean to lick you until you understand that. I stroke my tongue in and out of you. I can feel the vibrations and I only try to tongue you faster. You are biting your lip, trying to be quiet.

I go back up and kiss your mouth hard. I can feel you licking me, tasting your own juices. I take this opportunity to let two fingers slide deep into you. I feel you moan loudly into my mouth. I waste no time as my fingers fly in and out of you and I aim them for your G-spot. I want you to cum so hard and for so long that I mean to give you as much stimulation as possible. And that means that I need my head back down by your fragrant pussy. I can smell it from here, but I need to taste it again. I need you to understand what you are doing to me.

I move back between your legs, my fingers still bumping your G-spot every time I thrust them inside of you. I lift up the Butterfly, stick out my tongue on top of your clit, and let the Butterfly fall back down on top of it. I can't move my tongue much, but my wet tongue that has the Butterfly's vibrations is more than enough stimulation. I thrust my fingers in deep so that they are resting on your G-spot. I push down hard on that little spot and begin to vibrate my fingers. I reach a hand up so you can suck on it and to mute yourself. You suck long and hard on my fingers, pulling them deep into your mouth. I move my tongue up and down your clit, trying to push down on it with all my might. I can feel your orgasm growing and I begin to move my vibrating fingers around your G-spot. I feel your pussy getting tight and contracting. Your mouth is locked around my fingers and then.....then you begin to spasm.

Your hips thrust up and you cover my entire hand in cum. I return to just fingering you and I finger you hard and fast, still pushing against your G-spot. My tongue pushes down on your clit and the vibrations run down the tip of my tongue and onto your hard little clit. Your hips are locked around my head and you are pulling me in tight. This is the orgasm I wanted you to feel because this is somewhat what it felt like to see you in that outfit. I continue to finger you until your mouth goes limp around my fingers. You begin to pant. I slide my fingers out of your mouth and pussy. I turn off the vibrator and remove my tongue. I look at you and say,

"G-d you look........"

you pull me close, your trembling hands grasping my neck, and kiss me passionately.

".........sexy in that outfit."

"Mmmm...glad you liked it."

You stand up and push me down. You kneel in front of me and pull down the zipper of my pants. I look at you and you say,

"Told you I'd finish you off."

You smile and then pull out my hard cock. Your warm hands feel so good on it. I lean back as you lick the tip, tasting the precum that's leaked out. I press my head against the wall as you lick all around the top. You open your mouth and begin to engulf me. As your hot wet tongue begins to slide down my cock as you take me into your throat, I turn on the Butterfly. I want you to feel some of what you are giving me. You bob your head up and down, getting my shaft all wet. You then release my cock from your mouth. Still stroking it, you lean down and suck one of my balls into your mouth. You roll it around with your tongue as your hand rapidly strokes me. You suck on the other one before returning my cock to your warm mouth. I hear you moaning slightly around it and I can tell you are working up to your next orgasm.

"Butterfly feel good?"

Mmm..mmm you say with your mouth still around my cock. I then pull you up and spin you around. I push you forward so your hands are against the door and your ass is jutting back at me. I grab your hips, pull the material to the side, and slowly sink my cock into you. The vibrations still going as they affect both of us. I slide into you long and deep. I can feel your G-spot with my cockhead. I know you are going to get loud, so I grab your panties and bring them to your mouth.

"Bite on these, it'll keep you quiet."

Your open mouth closes tight on them. I imagine the smell of your own cum that drenched those panties wafting up into your nose and your tongue occasionally licking the damp spot. This only causes me to begin to slam into your pussy. I reach down and pull the vibrator hard against your clit, letting it get the full force of the vibrator. I can hear you moaning hard against your "gag".

I reach up and fondle your breast, using the smooth silky material to rub your hard nipples. I slide the silky material back and across your hard nipple, playing with the tip of it. I rub up and down the sides of your nipple, squeezing it between the soft material. I feel your pussy begin to tighten and I know you are getting close. I grab your hips and begin to fuck you deep and hard. I watch your hair fly all over the place as I sink deep into you. I hold for a second, letting you feel just the vibrations and the hard cock in your pussy. Then I begin to fuck you with everything I got. I can hear the door creak as I slam into you, pulling your hips back and forth to elongate my strokes. I feel my cockhead grow and twitch. I know I am going to cum soon.
