 It was a cold and chilly late winter afternoon. It had been gently raining for two days. Juan enjoyed the rain but didn't really fancy the cold all that much. It meant he had to put on more clothing and it was always uncomfortable being weighed down by all the extra clothing. He moved towards the window and stared out at the stark grey afternoon. The rain was dripping from the gutters and trees and he enjoyed the almost whimsical tune it made as it descended and hit the bare earth beneath.

He exhaled and a cloud of mist sprang forth from his mouth and condensed against the cold window pane. He idly traced indistinct shapes and took an almost childlike joy in the creation of his own canvas. 

'Juan?' someone purred. 

Suddenly alert he remembered. 'Yes, Angelique? I'm here. I was just lost in my thoughts. It's such enchanting weather and this always leads my thoughts to stray.'

Angelique chuckled. 'You're a strange boy with an abstract personality. You're still the Juan we've grown to love.'

'Thanks, I think,' was his modest reply.

'Now, why don't we get down to what I've come here for? I know you've got better things to do and I'd much rather be spending some time in a warm bed than doing calculus revision,' was her droll reply.

'You know I don't mind. Besides, I really don't have anything better to do and it's only a pleasure helping out a friend,' he said. 'Hmmm...I think it'll also be best if we finish up before Bruno comes home. You know what he's like when I start talking maths,' was his defeated reply.

'I really don't understand why he is like that. Surely he can see it's a passion of yours? I think it's very selfish of him not to even try making an effort to understand. After all, he is your boyfriend,' she replied.

'It's fine really. We all have our faults,' he chuckled. 'Shall we?'

'Yeah...we better before it gets much later,' she sighed.

'Right. So what exactly are you struggling with?' Juan asked.

'Chapter Seven and these impossible partial integrands!' she exclaimed while opening her textbook.

'Ah, ok...well the best thing is to start from the beginning,' he smiled and moved closer. He pulled up a chair and sat down next to her. Angelique was a dear friend of his and he had known her for several years now. He did find her beautiful. Her carefully combed, long and luxurious blonde hair was always so immaculate. Her searing blue eyes always had a habit of staring into the depths of his soul. He felt naked if he stared too long into those penetrating eyes.

'Ok, let me just get the right page,' Angelique said. 

While she was ruffling through the pages Juan caught a faint whiff of her hair. It was vanilla and was his favourite smell. He wondered in silence if she knew that and if it was intentional. 

He moved slightly forward and started reading the page Angelique opened to. 'Ok, right. This is what you do...'

They had been working for about two hours. It was almost dark and Bruno would be arriving home in about an hour's time. He was surprised that he was slightly aroused in the presence of Angelique. Vanilla and maths always had that effect on him but this was the first time in the presence of a girl.

Juan shifted a bit and made an adjustment of his slight erection. In the process he accidently brushed against Angelique's exposed leg and he felt a sudden surge of blood to his cock. He couldn't help but chuckle out loud and wonder what was going on. Perhaps his sex life with Bruno wasn't really cutting it for him. Juan was a really passionate person and he absolutely loved sex. Bruno had been acting quite strangely lately and quite often had an excuse not to make love.

Angelique noticed his chuckle. 'Something amusing?' she asked.

'Nah, just thinking to myself,' was his innocent reply.

She saw right through that of course. He sometimes thought that she knew him better than he knew himself. 'So, how's the love life with Bruno,' she asked?

'Ag. It's not going too well. I think he's under a lot of pressure at work and I know what that can do to a man's sex drive,' Juan said.

'Aha. Yeah, I understand, love. It must be killing you though. I've heard what a beast you are,' she giggled.

'Who have you been talking to?' came his startled reply.

'Oh nobody, love,' she replied innocently. 'How about you go make us some coffee while I get ready to leave?'

'Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. Two sugars and milk right?' Juan asked.

'Spot on, sweety!' Angelique smiled.

Juan walked off to the kitchen. He was still slightly aroused and he really did not know what had come over him. He thought that it was probably the weather. This type of weather always did strange things to him. He wished he was snuggled up with a good book in bed or perhaps even making passionate love to Bruno. He really needed to get laid and he decided tonight was the night even if he was forced to handcuff Bruno to the bed. He decided he needed some kink in his life and that'd be a perfect start.

He switched on the kettle, grabbed two cups from the cupboard and carefully measured out some coffee and two sugars for each of them. He went to the refrigerator and got some milk. While he was waiting for the kettle his thoughts drifted idly to the idea of him and Bruno naked together. He felt a growing pressure in his pants. 'Hmmm, definitely not appropriate thoughts to have while I've got company,' he chastised himself.

The kettle had finished boiling. He whisked the coffee, milk and sugar together and then added the boiling water. He went to the pantry and got some biscuits to serve with their drinks.

He walked back to the dining room and set down their coffee. Then Angelique did something he did not expect. She always had a habit of springing surprises on him. He didn't mind it really and found some of it quite refreshing. What she did however was something new.

She leaned over towards him and placed her hands on his thighs and kissed him. 'Thank you', she whispered.

'Errr, it's a pleasure, dear,' was his rather surprised reply, 'What are you doing?'

She leaned in more and this only increased the pressure on his thighs. His pants pressed tighter against his now awakening erection and he felt a surge of blood pass downwards. She kissed him again and this time gently nibbled on his upper lip and carefully probed his mouth with her sweet tongue.

Juan found this quite exhilarating. He was always a sucker for spontaneity and even though he was sure he was gay he quite liked this new side of Angelique. He extended his hands and picked her up. He set her on his lap. He could feel his growing erection pressing against her. They were both breathing faster. Juan thought that this was crazy but a far greater force had taken over him. He was entranced by Angelique's spell.

'Wha...what are we doing?' he stuttered.

'Something both you and I should have done ages ago' came her almost triumphant reply.

That was it. He was hooked. He pulled Angelique's face closer to his and started kissing her, tongue and all, with gusto. This was something new. He found that he actually liked it. He probed the sweet interior of her mouth with his tongue and found it awesome how their tongues slid and wrestled with each other. She was a great kisser. He noticed that she had started quite slowly and delicately but she could play kissing as well as a grand master could play a piano. She knew exactly when to slow down and when to increase the heat. She was leading him on and he really did not know where it would lead.

Juan slipped a hesitant hand under Angelique's blouse and moved slowly upwards to cup her breast in his hand. 

'Oh, that's cold,' she cried, 'Carry on though. We'll start warming up in a bit.'

Juan really had no reason to talk. He was being led on by something out of his control. He was overwhelmed by instinct and his erection started to surge and he cupped both Angelique's breasts in his hands and started massaging them.

Angelique started to moan and she increased the intensity of her kissing. She then slowly traced a line using her tongue along Juan's jaw line and started nibbling on his neck. She was a master at this and she knew that once she got really started Juan would be in her total control. Judging by the throbbing erection she felt against her thigh she knew he was almost totally hers.

'Oh, yes,' he gasped. 

Then something happened that Angelique did not intend. With one swipe of his hand Juan pushed her books to the floor and set her onto the table. She had misjudged him. It seemed he was in total control and wanted this as much as she did, if not more.

He started unbuttoning her blouse at a painfully slow pace. His erection was pressing against her pussy and this sent shivers down her spine. She used her legs to push him closer and they both enjoyed the feeling of being so close. Juan then got started his magic on Angelique. He started massaging her breasts again as he traced a line with his tongue from her mouth to her throat. Here he started to nibble on her with increasing intensity. He loved the taste of her skin and the smell of vanilla was driving him totally wild.

He started moving downwards and started kissing and licking her breasts. He was fascinated by her nipples and the cold had stiffened them. He started sucking them...gently at first but increased his intensity. Judging by the moans that Angelique was making he knew he was doing it right. He was an animal and he loved it!

Angelique then slid her hands that had almost been paralyzed by pleasure under his shirt and removed it. She was impressed by his smooth chest and washboard stomach. The thought of him being so close made her wetter. She pulled him on top of her and their naked upper bodies pressed and slid against each other and they increased the intensity of their kissing and the exploration of their hands.

Juan slid his hand into her pants and he started to rub his fingers across her groin and gently tease her by now moist and warm pussy. He was startled by how soft and folded it was. The thought of what lay hidden only made him harder. He pushed himself up and started tracing his tongue down towards Angelique's groin. He used his hands to remove her pants and then in a surprise twist used his teeth to slide her g-string off. He caught a whiff of her pussy as his nose brushed against her trimmed pubic hair. It smelt so warm and inviting. He was by now totally aroused!

He started tracing circles around her lips. He loved her taste. He breathed in her scent. He probed deeper with his tongue. He entered her pussy and Angelique gave a gasp of pleasure. He used his tongue to tease her inside. He loved the touch of her warm muscles and walls of her vulva as his tongue went wild inside. She then grasped his hair and pulled him closer to her. The smell of her was overpowering. She was a distilled aphrodisiac that he was powerless to resist. He used his fingers to play with and spread her lips and he used his taste buds to full effect as he arched his tongue and slid it across her lips and sensitive clitoris. Angelique spasmed.

She then started unbuckling his belt and unzipping his jeans. 

Juan couldn't help but look into her eyes and say 'We're being awfully naughty. Aren't we?'

'Yes, we are and I love it!' she exclaimed.

'Well this is something totally new to me so you'll have to lead me on,' he said.

'You're doing fantastic right now. Just follow your gut, love,' she giggled girlishly. 

She then slid off the table and got to work on his stubborn jeans. After some tugging and thoughts of how ridiculous she looked she finally managed to get them off. She could see the outline of his now hard cock against his briefs. She also noticed a slight stain of precum against the fabric. He was large and she shivered with the thought of him being inside her.

Angelique slipped her hand under his brief and pulled out his erection. He was as hard as granite and she could feel him throbbing in her grasp. He was cut and she could see his veins pulsing with the blood that was maintaining his erection. She noticed some precum oozing from his head and cupped her tongue to drink his sweetness. It was surprisingly fruity. She knew Juan loved strawberries and there was a noticeable taste of some kind of berry as she swallowed. She grasped the base of his cock and then wrapped her mouth around it and started sucking him off. He shivered and sighed.

'Oh, yes... I love that,' he almost whispered. He thrust his cock deeper into her mouth. She took all of him and felt his head enter her throat. She knew how to deepthroat and please a man. Juan shivered under her mastery. He started to thrust deeper and faster and each time she slid her tongue up and along his shaft. 'Hmmmm, baby. You're amazing,' Juan gasped.

'I've had some practice,' she said after slipping his cock out of her mouth. 'I want you to fuck me now,' she demanded.

Juan was a bit taken aback. 'Are you sure?' he asked, 'We don't have to go any further...'

'Yes, I'm sure. I want you inside me,' she pleaded.

He acquiesced. By this time his cock was as hard as rock and he had a generous load of precum oozing out of his head. He pulled her legs closer and let her feet hang over his shoulders. He took his tongue and traced patterns along the inside of her thigh and kissed the length of her legs until he reached her feet. She was like butter in his hands and he was in his element.

He took his throbbing cock and pressed it against her lips. His precum stuck to her lips and he moistened the outside of her pussy as he rubbed his head against her. It felt so warm and moist and he was thrilled to feel it. He played around with her clitoris and lips using his head. Her soft groans were turning him on more.

Finally, when he could no longer take it he thrust deeply into her. The electric shock he felt at that instant was numbing. Electrical impulses shot throughout his body and he was truly electrified. The soft and wet tightness of her pussy around his cock was amazing. He couldn't help but let out a gasp.

'Yes, that's it baby, fuck me deeper,' she almost pleaded.

He thrust as much of himself into her as he could. He could feel her muscles tightening around him and it drove him wild. He started pounding away and loved the way her lips peeled and teased his shaft as he entered and exited her. He was enjoying himself and he played with her clitoris using his fingers as he thrust into her. They were both now in rhythm. She pulled him deeper into her using her feet. She started playing with his balls. He pulled her down and turned her around and she balanced herself by grabbing hold of the table as he thrust deeply into her from behind.

She loved the warm mass of his cock exploring and thrusting into her and she felt her muscles tense and relax during each thrust. Juan pulled her one leg up and started playing with his lips and clitoris again as he thrust deeper into her. He was close to cumming. 'I'm going to cum,' he said and started to pull himself out.

Angelique grabbed his ass and thrust him even deeper into her. That was all he could take. With a moan of pleasure, he exploded and shot his load into the warm and pulsating confines of her pussy. They orgasmed together and Juan could feel Angelique contracting and relaxing around his cock. He took one last thrust and pulled himself out. Some of his cum was pulled out with him and it started dripping from Angelique's now wide pussy.

He smiled and turned her around. He set her flat down on the table again and started licking her pussy. He loved the taste of cum, even if it was his own. He stuck his tongue deeper into her and could taste his warm cum further inside. He scooped it all out with his tongue as he started massaging her breasts again. She wrapped her legs around his neck again and pulled him deeper.

After he was finished he lay down on the table and idly traced a finger along Angelique's naked and now sweaty body. 'That was fantastic,' he whispered.

'Yes. It was. I never had any idea that you'd be such an animal,' she laughed.

'Don't tell Bruno anything but I think I could go again,' he winked.