 It is a slow afternoon around the house, not much going on. I am sitting at my desk surfing the net and thinking about last night. It was the first time with a new lover and my clit is still on the tender side from all of the attention it got. As I sit here thinking about it even more, I get almost as wet as I had been the night before. Something has to be done.

I go upstairs to my bedroom, slide my denim skirt and pink, silk, g-string panties off, and lay down on my bed. I reach into my nightstand drawer and pull out my vibrator and my dildo. I always use both, because I like dual stimulation. 

But before I start playing with them, I use my fingers to get myself good and ready. Once I work myself to the point where I am aching for it, I slide the dildo inside of me. Then I move it in and out of me for a little while, just enjoying the feeling of being filled, wishing it were real, fantasizing it was him instead. 

Then I turn on my vibrator and gently circle my clit with it. With one hand I slowly and gently move the dildo in and out. With the other I use the vibrator on my clit. My labia are all pink and puffy and my clit is so hard. And I am so wet; I can hear the dildo move in and out.

I start squeezing it with my vaginal walls and begin to moan loudly. My breathing gets ragged, and my body moves on its own. My hips rising to meet every thrust of the dildo and drive my vibrator onto my clit harder. And then suddenly I break and come with a loud whimper. My walls contract, pushing the dildo out, and I collapse on the bed. 

I pick the dildo up and lightly taste my own juices on it, and then I wipe it off and put it back in the drawer. I turn the vibrator off and put it away as well, and then just lie there, waiting for my body to come down. I stretch out on the bed, a very satisfied look on my face. 

Slowly I pick up my clothes and get dressed again, but I don’t have the energy to go back downstairs. Instead I climb back on the bed. Just then I see him, standing outside of the door to the bedroom. I grin and beckon to him with my finger. He walks towards me slowly; hunger oozing from his very being. 

I stretch slowly and get out of bed to stand next to him. Deftly, I slide my hand to his crotch, rubbing him. He pushes against my hand, rubbing his hardness against me. I kiss him firmly as I unzip his pants, sliding my hand in to rub him, skin-on-skin. He groans in pleasure as I wrap my hand around his hard cock and slowly slide it up and down, just touching it enough for him to feel it, teasing him. 

My thumb plays with the slit at the top of his head as my tongue dances with his. He thrusts against my hand, pushing against me. He kisses me urgently, and intensely. I trail my fingernails over his skin and pull my hand out of his pants. I undo the button and slide them and his underwear out of the way

Then I stick my hand under my skirt and get it wet with my own juices. He moans at the sight, and the sound, and the smell…

My hand now very wet, I wrap it back around his cock, giving him a real hand job, now. I break the kiss and slide down his body, my hand still pumping him. My mouth comes level with his cock and my tongue reaches out, firmly licking up his length and back down to the base. He shudders, and braces himself against the bed to keep from falling. 

After I lick my juices off of him, I take him into my mouth slowly, just the head, French kissing it. He runs his hands through my hair, not pulling, but touching. One of my hands reaches and begins to gently caress his balls as I slide his cock further into my mouth. I use the other hand to steady myself. His cock throbs as I take him deeper into my mouth, and he groans loudly, and shudders, causing his cock to vibrate just a bit.

I slide his cock as far to the back of my throat as I can alternately sucking on it and just letting it sit on my tongue as I move my head back and forth. My lips wrap tightly around him, causing a good bit of friction as my mouth moves up and down. He shifts slightly, and moves one of his hands down, using it to pull my sweater up over my torso, exposing my bra and lovely breasts. 

I flex my tongue and push it against the bottom of his cock, running it firmly along the veins there. He moans more loudly, precum flowing freely from his cock, mixing with my saliva. His cock is pulsing harder now, faster. I ever so gently scrape my teeth against his cock, just barely touching it with them. The hand playing with his balls continues to caress and tickle them. 

He slides his hand into the cup of my bra, cupping my breast, and teasing my nipple with his thumb and forefinger. I moan as he plays with my nipple, causing his cock to vibrate in my mouth. I start sucking on his cock in earnest, leaving it pushed as far to the back of my throat as possible. He jerks slightly as my hand strokes his balls, and his moaning becomes even louder. As I begin to moan myself, I feel his cock get even harder in my mouth than before, throbbing and pulsing. I take the hand I was using to steady myself and begin to play with my clit with it as the other hand continues to fondle his balls.

"If you're not careful, I'm going to cum, here and now, right between your luscious, full lipssss..." He hisses at me. "Or would you like my hard cock somewhere else, Olivia? Where do you want me?"

Sucking hard I slide him out of my mouth and grin up at him.

"Where do you want to cum?"

"I want all of you, and I will have all of you, eventually... But this time, don't stop!"

I dive hungrily for his cock, taking him back in my mouth. Swirling my tongue up and down him I lessen the suction. My hand cups his balls, rolling them between my fingers as I begin to moan loudly from the effects of his hands on my nipples and my hand on my clit. He runs my fingers through my hair, gripping me, pulling me, pushing deeper, as he throbs, and pulse, closer and closer to exploding. He squeezes my nipple tighter as he reaches a point of no return.

I slide him so that just his head is in my mouth and I begin to suck on it hard, wanting to taste him. I move my hand from his balls and pump him with it as my lips envelop his head. Feeling my lips and mouth on the head of his cock, he can't hold out any longer, and with a final howl, he explodes, filling my mouth with his hot juice, shuddering and throbbing, and moaning all through his body! I swallow hungrily, loving the feel of his hot cum on my tongue and the back of my throat.

“Oh, god! And I thought the idea of you playing with yourself was sexy...” He moans as I finish him off.

I lick him clean and pull my mouth off of him, wiping away the little that I couldn't swallow from my lips I rest back on my heels and grin up at him. He pulls me up, and kisses me deeply, tasting the final remains of his seed as he swirls his tongue between my lips. My tongue plays with his as I lean against him, running my hands through his hair. We stand there for a minute, kissing enthusiastically and embracing, and then he pushes me backwards on the bed, spreading my thighs, to taste my tantalizing juices again.

I pull my skirt up around my waist, revealing panties that do very little to cover my pussy. He pushes my panties aside, and he feasts on my pussy, like an animal, plunging his face between my thighs, and ravaging my clit and labia, thrusting his tongue and fingers between my lips, massaging and teasing and nipping at my clit. I gasp with pleasure and begin to moan loudly. He plunders my pussy, filling me with two fingers, then three, alternately thrusting, then flexing inside me, as his tongue batters my clit, nearly vibrating with it's speed. 

I cry out with pleasure, squeezing his fingers inside of me and rocking my hips against his tongue His fingers slide back and forth inside me, sometimes holding for a second, then flexing, touching me all over inside. He suddenly pulls back, leaving me empty and waiting, but just for a moment. He pulls my sweater the rest of the way off, and rolls me over onto my stomach, removing my bra as I turn. Before I can wonder what he’s doing, he’s wrapped my sweater around my wrists, pulling them behind me, and as he leans over me, I feel his hardness pressing against my ass. I grin and pretend to squirm against my restraints.

He leans forward, pushing his hardness against me, and I feel his cock slide between my thighs, nudging my pussylips. I push against his cock, wanting to feel him inside of me. I feel him adjust for a moment, and then just the head of his cock slides into me, just barely. As I push back, he pulls back just a bit, keeping his head just between my lips, making me want more. I try to push myself against him, aching for him to fill me. He slides just a little more of his cock into me, spreading me just a little more, inch, by inch...

I whine and moan, "Please fuck me"

He hears my pleading, and begins pulling out, first an inch, then two, until only the head of his cock is between my lips. And then... he slides quickly, all the way inside of me, as I feel each inch of him stretching the walls of my pussy, until he’s deep inside me, and I feel his balls smack firmly against my clit, and his cock throb! 

I come hard as he finally fills me, moaning loudly and bucking against him. My walls contract around him, squeezing him very tightly as I pant there on the bed. He thrusts against me, bouncing and growling, and lets go of my hands abruptly, grabbing me with one hand by the hip, and one by the hair, pulling me against him, until he’s buried in me as deep as he can get. He leans forward, and growls in my ear, as I feel his cock explode again, this time in my pussy, filling me with him... 

I come a second time as he fills me. He feels me writhing underneath him, coming again, he holds me, slowly thrusting into me, feeling me spasm around him... I collapse, completely spent, feeling him thrusting inside of me, loving the feel of his juices filling me up. 

I lie, panting and bound, incapable of coherent speech. He collapses on top of me, arms around me, breathing heavily, and listening to the sound of my heart. I snuggle against him, my body covered in sweat. He rolls off of me, and unwraps my hands, then cuddles up to me, enjoying the feeling of my sweat soaked skin. I kiss him tenderly and then rest my head on his chest, trying to regain control.