 "Hey Jack! Come over here, there's someone here I think you'd like to meet." Greg called to his friend.

Jack looked up and found Greg. He was standing at the keg, and standing next to him was the brunette from the office.

She was about 5'5", had brown hair, devastatingly beautiful blue eyes, a smile that would make a man of stone turn to jelly, perfect breasts - slightly over a handful each, Jack has once estimated - and a flat athletic belly above an ass and legs in perfect proportion to her chest. In short, she was a living goddess if there was one. She was wearing a back-less white top that tied behind her neck and around her waist, a black pleated skirt that was short enough to show off her athletic legs, yet long enough to be considered acceptable at a public, corporate function. She was on the set-up committee for this function and she still managed to look incredible.

Jack could feel his face getting red. He'd made the mistake of letting Greg know that he'd wanted to meet her for a long time. He brushed back his bangs nervously as he arrived at the keg.

"Hi, I'm Jack. I work in the warehouse.” he said, extending his hand to the brunette.

The brunette grasped it in a surprisingly firm handshake. "Hi, I'm Joy, from Accounts Payable. It’s nice to meet you, Jack. You drive the big forklift, right?" she asked. Her voice was just as breathtaking as her looks were. A singer’s voice, he guessed, probably capable of both soprano and alto range.

"Yeah, that's right. We call it 'Godzilla', the middle one is 'King Kong' and the little one is 'The Baby'." Jack said.

"Oh, that is cute. I suppose it's more fun to use names than to say, 'You take the big one.' huh?" Joy said, genuinely interested.

"That was the idea. You should see the looks I get from the truckers when I say something like, 'O.K. I'll just go get Godzilla and we'll bring that right out to you.'" Jack said. He was beginning to loosen up a little now. She laughed. She had a beautiful laugh, too. "The trucker will come back with, 'You'll do what with who?' or something similar. It's almost comic sometimes." Jack said. "Next up is Joy. She'll be doing 'What a Feeling' by Irene Cara." came over the loudspeaker.

"Oh, that's me. Will you hold this for me, Jack? I'll be right back. Thanks." Joy asked as she handed him her beer.

He watched her go to the stage and step up to the microphone. It was immediately obvious that she was a karaoke veteran. He watched silently for a few moments as her song cued up on the monitor. He noticed that she didn't need the monitor. Greg tapped him on the shoulder.

"Earth to Jack. Dude, where the hell did you go just now?" Greg asked, smirking knowingly.

"Man, I think I'm in love. Please tell me she's single. I've never seen any rings on her hands." Jack said to Greg.

"Well, I can tell you that she isn't married. Available, I don't know but I'm pretty sure that she is indeed." Greg answered.

Just as Jack was about to speak, Joy started to sing. He found that his estimation of her range was pretty close.

"God Greg, would you listen to that? Is that not the voice of an angel? The girl is good!" Jack exclaimed. They listened to the rest of the song in silence. Occasionally Joy would look over their way and make eye contact with Jack and smile. He could feel it in his gut every time she did.

The crowd cheered and chanted as Joy made her way back to them at the end of the song. She took her beer from Jack and got up on her tiptoes next to his ear. He thought she was going to say something, but she just kissed his cheek. His knees nearly buckled, but he managed to stay on his feet. "What was that for?" Jack asked her.

"I believe you asked Greg, 'Is that not the voice of an angel?' I take that as a compliment. That was a thank you kiss." Joy explained, her smile beaming.

"You were on stage, 30 feet away. How did...” Jack asked.

"I think I'll take this as my cue to leave. Late dude." Greg said and departed before Jack, who was still wrestling with is question, could respond.

"Bye Greg. See you tomorrow." Joy said to Greg. She turned back to Jack; "I can read lips. It comes in pretty handy with office gossip,” she said, looking him in the eye as she took a sip of her beer.

"Office gossip, huh? So I suppose you're aware..." Jack said. He was starting to grow uncomfortable again.

"That you've been asking about me? Yes, I am. I've known for quite awhile, actually. I just haven't been free to explore my options until recently. Don't be embarrassed, please." She said, placing her hand on his thigh. She continued, "I would have said something to you sooner, but I've been dating someone for two years. Last month he told me that he was being transferred to a station in Iceland. It was short notice, long term, and unaccompanied. We decided it would probably be better just to break things off. I've been trying to get used to being single since then, and I think I'm finally getting it down. Anyway, I was flattered when I found out about you, but I didn't know how to approach you. So I decided to ask Greg to help. He didn't even answer me; he just turned around and called you over. I think I'm glad he did. Do you want another beer?" Joy asked, taking his empty beer glass from him before he answered.

They spent the rest of the afternoon getting to know each other. They ended up being two of the last three people to leave. "Jack, I think I have a problem here." Joy said with a strange look on her face.

"What's wrong?" Jack asked.

"I think," Joy said as she tried to stand up, "No, I know I'm too drunk to drive. I can't even stand up for Christ's sake. How did you get here?" she asked. "I rode my bike." he said.

"You rode a bike to the corporate 4th of July bash?" she asked. Her drunkenness was becoming more pronounced.

"Well, not just a bike. It's a Honda CBR 900." Jack said.

"Oh, so you rode a rocket to the corporate 4th of July bash, how appropriate. Well, then I guess we'll just have to take my car. Are you O.K. to drive?" she asked as she took the keys out of her purse.

"Yeah, I'm fine. I think you drank about two beers to my one overall today. I'm actually kind of impressed." He said, taking the keys from her. He couldn't help noticing that they were on a Corvette key chain. "Which car is yours?" he asked. There were two cars and his Honda left in the parking lot.

"That one." she said pointing to the one on the left. It was a royal blue Corvette convertible. "Have fun, just don't hurt the car or us." she said, then she kissed him on the cheek again.

He put her in the passenger seat and fastened her seatbelt, then got in the driver's seat. "Are you going to be able to give me directions?" he asked.

"Why don't you just drive for awhile? It's still early. We'll drive around until I'm a little more sober, then we'll go watch the fireworks. I get a great view from my roof." she said then settled back into the seat.

They drove up and down the coastal highway for a couple of hours. Then they cruised around the city for another hour. Joy eventually sobered up after a meal and some coffee. It was starting to get dark, when Joy suddenly reached down and turned the radio off.

"Head back out onto the highway. I want to take you someplace I like to go." she said.

After cruising north for about half an hour, she told him to take an exit.

"This road leads to an abandoned air field. My friends and I used to go out there all the time during the summer and have drag races. The road is straight as an arrow for 25 miles. Are you up for a little off-the-wall fun?" she asked, placing her hand on his thigh again.

"Sure. I think it's a safe bet that we've missed the fireworks. Why not?" Jack said, placing his hand on Joy's.

"O.K. I have this fantasy where I put the top down, put the hammer down and take this car to its limit. Do you want the honor? I freak out at 120 mph and I know this car isn't even working at that speed. I want to see what it's got. Can you do it?" She asked with a gleam in her eye.

"Absolutely. I've taken my bike up to 140. Past that, I'm a virgin, but I'm a willing virgin. Let's do it." Jack said.

"Great!" Joy said as she hit the button that brought the top of the convertible down. Then, as they passed 100 mph, she gripped his thigh and yelled over the roar of the wind, "I'll tell you what. For every 10 mph that you do over 120, I will take off one article of clothing. That means if you can make my car do 150, you see me nude! Sound fun? Look, I'll even throw in my sandals at 120" she said, gripping his thigh tighter as they hit 120.

"Sounds like a wet dram!" Jack yelled over the roar of the wind.

"Good. Call out the marks." Joy yelled back.

"O.K. We're already at 120 and climbing." Answered Jack.

Joy took her sandals off and tossed them out of the car, laughing at the expression on his face.

"What did you do that for?" Jack asked as he began to slow down.

"Don't worry, this is part of the fantasy. Besides, I have clothes in the trunk. Let's go!!" Joy ordered.

"You got it." Jack said as he hit the gas again and the car shot forward. "That's 130!" he called out.

Joy sat forward and turned her back to him. She lifted her hair off of her neck and yelled back to him, "would you be willing to pull a couple of strings for me?" Jack reached over and pulled the top string first, then the bottom one. Joy then turned to face him.

"Are you ready?" she asked Jack. As Jack nodded his head, she grasped the bottom of the shirt and threw it straight up into the wind. She was the most beautiful thing Jack had ever seen. Her hair was blowing in the wind, her nipples were standing tall, and she was laughing heartily at the thrill. She took his hand in hers and caressed one nipple, then the other one. She closed her eyes and chewed on her bottom lip as she leaned into his hand. Then her hair began to blow around into her face.

"Where's my purse?" she asked over the wind.

"On the floor in front of you." Jack answered.

"I should have known." Joy said. She reached down and came up with a tie back for her hair. She was putting her hair in a ponytail when they hit the next mark.

"We just passed 140!" Jack called out. "Isn't this great?" Joy yelled as she got up and knelt on her seat with her ass toward Jack. "Can you give me a hand with this zipper?" she yelled back over her shoulder. Jack reached over and unzipped the skirt.

Joy turned on her seat and faced forward again. She lifted her ass of the seat and slipped the skirt down to the floor. She handed the skirt to Jack and yelled, "Your turn!"

Jack looked at her, smiled and tossed the skirt straight up. It disappeared instantly.

"Do you like them?" Joy asked. She slid her seat back a few inches and stretched out, modeling her underwear for him. Her panties were black silk string bikinis with a white lace border that tied at the hips. He ran his hand up Joy's thigh, brushing over her panties. She spread her legs slightly and placed her hand on his, gently pressing his hand onto her sex.

"Very sexy! By the way, we are now in my virginal territory. We just hit 155!" He answered, caressing her panties.

"Do you think you can handle this machine one-handed?" Joy asked with a sly look on her face.

"Probably. We're coming up on 160 incidentally." Jack said.

"Well, I'll tell you what." Joy said, placing her hand on Jack's crotch and massaging his cock through his jeans. "You let me know when we hit 170 and I'll do more than show you my body. How does that sound?" Joy asked. She unzipped Jacks' jeans and pulled his cock out of his boxers. "How fast are we going?" She asked as she turned toward Jack, continuing to stroke his cock.

"168, 169...." Jack called out.

Joy then bent over and took his cock into her mouth. She sucked down as much as she could get, working her tongue back and forth over the head. Jack gasped at the sudden sensation and briefly closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he looked at the speedometer.

"Look!! 175! We're doing 175 mph!" Jack called out. He looked down at Joy. She released his cock and looked at the speedometer. 

She was ecstatic. She sat up quickly and kneeled on her seat, facing him. "O.K. Stud! Drop the hammer and give me a hand with these strings." she yelled as she grabbed one of the strings on her panties. "Ready? On three, one, two, three!"

They tugged at the strings and he pushed the pedal to the floor.

The engine roared and the car shot forward with a vengeance causing Joy to fall onto the back of her seat. Her breasts bounced around. The panties were still between her legs. She took his hand and placed it on her pussy once more.

"Why don't you throw these out, then we can get down to business." She yelled as she spread her legs to release the panties.

Jack grasped them, allowing a finger to slip between the bald, wet lips of her pussy. Joy gasped and bit her lip. She watched as Jack brought the panties to his face and inhaled her scent before tossing them to the wind. She bent over once more and resumed sucking his cock. Jack read down past her head and eased the seat back as far as it would go. He took his foot of the gas and started slowing down. As they slowed, he reached cross and began massaging Joy's ass. She responded by rotating her body slightly and offering him her pussy. Hi massaged her lips and clit as she spread her legs as wide as the car would let her.

As soon as the car came to a stop, Joy released his cock and moved up to his face as she moved onto his lap. They kissed deeply and passionately. Jack opened the door and turned. She straddled his cock and hung on tight as he stood. Burying his cock to the hilt in her hot, wet pussy. She moaned in pleasure as he carried her to the hood of the car, which was still warm from the heat from the engine. She lay back onto the hood, and he followed her down.

He started at her earlobe and began kissing his way down her body. He paused at her neck, feeling the reaction in her body. The he continued his way down. He paused again at her nipples, each one causing a reaction in her body. She urged him to continue on, replacing his mouth with her own hands on her nipples, rolling, pinching, and pulling. By the time Jack had made his way down to the tiny of hair above Joy's clitoris, she was nearly vibrating with desire. He took her clit between his teeth and teased it with his tongue.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed. She released a nipple and held his head in place with one hand, clamping her legs together behind his head. He reached up and helped her with her breasts, pinching, rolling and gently pulling on her nipples. She took one of his hands in her hand and added pressure. His took the hint. It seemed the harder he pinched and pulled, the hornier she got. He had both of her nipples stretched tight and rolled them between his fingers as he increased pressure on her clit.

Joy's breathing got ragged, she thrust her hips at his face, driving her clit into Chuck's mouth. He grasped the nub of flesh gently between his teeth and flicked at it as hard and fast as he could. She screamed and her hips repeatedly rocked up and down against his face. She clamped down tighter on his head with her legs and brought both of her hands up to join his on her nipples and they squeezed together. Her hips bucked harder and harder against his face. He stayed in place until her legs released him as she relaxed on the hood of her car. After a few moments, Jack looked up at Joy and noticed that she had goosebumps on her breasts.

"It's starting to cool off our here. You said you have some clothes in the trunk?" He asked her. 

"Mmmhmmm. They're in the leather gym bag on the left. Actually, it should be the only thing in the trunk." Joy answered softly. She was still playing with her pussy and massaging a breast. Jack just stood there and watched her. Amazed that she could be so comfortable around him so soon after meeting him.

"What? Is something wrong? Am I grossing you out? I'm sorry, sometimes I just don't know when to quit when it comes to sex." Joy said and started to sit up.

"Oh please, don't stop on my account. In fact, my biggest turn-on is watching a woman play with herself when she thinks she's alone. I've fantasized about something like this for a very long time. You feel free to do anything you want." Jack said, moving closer and taking her face in his hands as he spoke. Then he kissed her, tenderly. She kissed him back.

"You really are too good to be true." Joy said softly, looking him in the eye.

"What do you mean?" Jack asked. She spread her legs and pulled him closer and hugged him tight. When they parted, she explained.

"That guy I told you about earlier tonight. He was a beautiful man all around. He had an incredible body; he was strong, tough, smart, protective, and a good cook. He even cleaned house. He had a solid career. He paid for half of the car - and that was pocket change for him. He has it made in the shade already, and he still has another 10 years before he can retire from the military."

"There was just one problem. This perfect man of mine was one of the biggest prudes I've ever met. In the two years we were together, he made love to me a total of six times. He didn't let me see him naked; except for the time that I thought I'd surprise him and join him in the shower. He jumped out and had a towel wrapped around him so fast I didn't get a chance to see anything, much less wash his back. Man was he pissed. He walked out and didn't call me for two weeks. I would try to wear something sexy to bed, or crawl into bed naked and he'd look away or tell me to go get something 'decent' on. It started to give me a complex. Then I asked him about it. He got all religious and weird on me, saying that the flesh is sin, God punishes all, etc. I realized that night that I'd found myself a sugar daddy, and an easy one at that. All I had to do was attend a few functions with him - after which I would get laid - and basically be there when he needed me. It was an easy ride, not very satisfying, but easy. Now, thanks to his wallet, I have the education and credentials to write my own ticket wherever I choose to work.

"Now you’ve come along. I think I'm being rewarded for being such a good little girl for the past two years. I've only known you personally for a few hours, but it feels right. Granted, I'm still probably drunk and God knows I'm still incredibly horny. This feels different, though. You are the first man I've ever been with who has just listened patiently.” Joy said seriously.

"Aw shucks." Jack said, grinning and leaning back slightly. Joy pulled him back toward her.

"No, I'm serious, look at us and think about it. I'm sitting on the hood of a very nice car, naked, and so horny that juice is dripping out of my pussy. You're standing between my legs with your cock out of your pants, and a beautiful cock it is by the way," she said, smiling and looking him in the eyes. Then she continued. "Yet you're not even grabbing my tits or pulling my hips closer to you. You're standing there listening patiently and carefully while I talk about my ex-boyfriend. Any other guy on this planet, with the exception of Captain Strange, would be all over me. That says a lot about you, whether you realize it or not." Joy said, growing serious again. "I think I like what it says, too." She said softly. She kissed him tenderly and passionately, then she hugged him tight. "Oh you feel good. Nice and warm, where are those clothes?" She asked.

"Coming right up," Jack said. He released her and put his cock back in his pants, then headed for the trunk. He opened it and chuckled.

"What's so funny?" Joy asked from the hood of the car.

"Houston, we might have problem here," Jack said laughing.

"Copy that, Stallion. What kind of problem would that be? Over." Joy asked, laughing too.
