 This is a true story, though the names have been changed to protect the innocent (and guilty).

Back in my college days I lived in a house(NOT a frat house) that had anywhere from seven to ten coed students living there every semester. In an effort to get caught up on credits I decided to go to a session of summer school, and the house only had five people staying there at the time, three guys and two girls.

One of the girls was Kathy, a very cute girl working on post-graduate classes who was a few years older than me. I would've been interested in her except for one thing—one of the other guys in the house, a good friend, really had the hots for her. I spent a lot of time counseling him on how to get her to go out with him, so the thought of me pursuing her was not an option.

Unfortunately, after a month of valiant pursuit it was pretty clear that my friend had no chance. I had become good friends with Kathy, and she made it pretty clear that she just wasn't interested in the guy. From time to time I even felt like she was interested in me, but I fought off the urge to pursue anything.

Anyway, as fate would have it, Kathy and I ended up alone together at the house for a weekend. Actually, I was going to be alone, but then at the last minute she changed her plans—in retrospect, I might've expected something was up.

So Friday afternoon comes along, and Kathy and I are shooting pool at the house pool table. I had become a pretty solid pool player over the years, and Kathy had not played much, so I was putting a pretty good beating on her. I can't remember exactly how it got started, but at some point we started joking about playing strip pool, where if you lose a game you lose an article of clothing, to be removed later. The whole time we were playing, it was just a big joke, and we were laughing and having a great time with it.

The funniest part was that I suddenly could not win a game. I'd run half the table and then scratch on the eight ball, or Kathy would come up with some crazy shot to win a game. When she won the first game I promised I'd take off my shirt later—thinking I would clearly win it back—and then I'd go double or nothing. Four or five unlucky games later, I had bet away all my clothes. I'll have to admit that at some point I started to get warm to the idea that I would be getting naked in front of Kathy. The exhibitionist in me was starting to not mind losing. At some point during my losing streak I had decided that I might just make it more than just a joke ...

So we get through the final double or nothing game—I think I scratched, on purpose—and we're having a good laugh about how she's won all my clothes, and I tell her I guess its time for me to pay up. 

At this point, I'm fairly sure she was still joking about the whole thing, but when I suggest that we do the pay-ups in my bedroom, she was still laughing, but starting to wonder how far I'd go. At that point, I wasn't sure myself.

We walked into my room, laughing and joking, and I closed the door behind her and had her sit in a chair. By the time I had taken off my socks and shoes, you could feel the atmosphere change, from good-natured fun to nervous anticipation.

How far is he going to go, was what she was thinking; how far would she let me go, was what I was thinking.

We laughed and joked a little at this point, though I noticed her blushing, but she was still talking the talk, so I took it to the next level by removing my shirt, leaving me standing there in my shorts. 

By this time in the summer I had a really good tan, and I could feel her eyes checking out my body even while she laughed and blushed again. Suddenly the whole scene had developed an erotic undertow, and even though she was trying to play it off with a laugh it was clear that there was more to it now than a joke.

After a while parading around in my shorts, I popped open the one and only button and partially pulled the zipper open, exposing my underwear underneath. By this time my college-aged cock was harder than granite, and she could probably make out the outline, all of which made it more erotic for me.

Kathy was still laughing and blushing, thoroughly enjoying herself but at the same time still wondering when I would stop. She said something to the effect that she didn't expect me to get all the way naked, that this was close enough. But the way she said it indicated to me that she was up for going all the way with it too. I reassured her that I was a man of my word, and I always paid all of my debts in full. 

And then the shorts hit the floor, leaving me stretching the seams on my underwear, both of us blushing and laughing and not sure what to say. After another pass at negotiating an end to the debt—it was a lot like we were playing chicken, to see who would blink first—I wrapped a towel around my midsection and pulled the underwear off. I was naked, but still covered. At this point, I guess I had technically lived up to my debt, but we were both having too much fun to stop now. 

NOW comes the part where I you can verify that this is a true story, because some things you just can't make up. I'm laying back on the bed, the towel loosely wrapped around me, and I'm toying with the idea of how to remove it, and Kathy is nervously watching me and laughing that she can't believe we are doing this, and the phone rings.

And for some unknown reason, Kathy picks it up. AND ITS HER FRIGGING MOM!

Of course, she's trying not to laugh, trying to hold her composure, talking to her mom about various assundries while this half-naked guy is stretched out on the bed not five feet away. The conversation goes on for ten minutes, but I don't really mind because I am really enjoy being on exhibit, and the break is also allowing me to relax a bit.

So when she finally hangs up the phone and after we share another great laugh about her conversation with her mom, I give her the line that I have worked up. If she wants to get her debt paid off, she was going to have to pull back the towel herself.

While I sensed that she was ready to go for it, she started getting coy on me and refused to take the active role. So we did the dance, hemming and hawing, laughing and joking, until I finally convinced her to join me on the bed, though she kept her feet on the floor and her hands in her lap. We sat like that for a while, bantering, collecting our nerve, until finally I took her hand in mine and laid it on the far edge of the towel covering me. My mouth was watering with anticipation.

I asked her if she was ready, and she smiled and rolled her eyes, and said I'm ready if you are, and then together we pulled back the towel to showcase yours truly in the complete. My cock was fully at attention and watching her look at me was a full turn-on. We stayed on the bed like that for twenty minutes, her fully clothed and me naked, paying my pool debts, before she said she had somewhere to go.

Thinking quickly, I suggested that she help me get dressed again, and she agreed. With me standing and her still sitting on the bed, she slowly pulled up my underwear until it was back in position. This would've been enough, but after she had pulled them up she took her hands and smoothly ran them over the front of the underwear, caressing my aching cock underneath. We had stopped laughing and joking by now, it had moved on to the next level. It was all I could do to keep my inexperienced tool from unloading in my shorts, but it felt so good I talked her into putting my underwear back on three more times.   Each time, there was a bit more of a caress, a bit more lingering, and the final time she did it her face came within inches of brushing my cock, both before and after the underwear, and I came within inches of losing control.

Then she backed off, realizing that one more time and she would be unable to stop. The mood lightened again and then she was gone, leaving me with a hard on that took an hour to soften.

I guess its critical to mention again that one of the reasons I wasn't more aggressive is that I felt bad about going behind my friend's back, even though he wasn't even dating her. That night, I went out with some guys and we knocked back more than a few beers, and I decided I couldn't let anything like that happen again. If I ended up going out with her it would be like selling out a friend.

So I drag home about one o'clock in the morning, stumble in to my bedroom and hit the sack. I'm laying there recounting the earlier events of the day, and in walks Kathy. She walks over and sits on the bed and doesn't even say a word. Her hand finds my torso and she begins to lightly rub from side to side, moving slowly lower, until she has pushed back the covers and her hand finds my hardened cock. Before I can even think, she drops her head down and starts giving me the most unbelievable blow job I'd ever had. For some reason I expected Kathy was a bit inexperienced, but I was wrong. She had the softest mouth and a tongue that knew just where to go, and best of all, I could tell she was really, really into it. She had spent the rest of the day after she left thinking about what it would have been like, and now she was making up for lost time. She was even softly moaning as she worked up and down, and in practically no time I had erupted a career-load, and she swallowed every bit.

After that night we had several liaisons, though I resisted being open or getting too serious because of the friend situation. Kathy taught me a great deal about oral sex, especially how a woman likes it, and we had some great times.

But the one I remember the most is the game of strip pool, and how much fun I had paying off my debt.