 Because she had grown accustomed to me bringing her roses in the morning I wanted to surprise her. I worked late nights and always came home to my woman in the wee hours of the morn. I often stopped at a nearby gas station to grab a rose to leave on her pillow. Cuddled in her bed, a gentle smile always spread across her face as soon as she smelled the soft aroma. Looking at her beautiful smile and the way she wrapped herself in those bed sheets made me want something more. I wanted to unwrap her.

I crept softly around our bedroom so as not to wake her. She knew that I would be coming home around this time, but she likely just expected me to slide in bed behind her and drift on to sleep. Not this time, My Love. I stared at my caramel skin toned, mocha locked wearing, smiling sweet thing. I wanted to unwrap her. I wanted to taste her like she was my after work dessert. And then more.

I silently dropped my bags in the corner, disrobed, and then made my way to my side of the bed. I lifted the covers to see her round ass squeezed into her white boyshorts as she gripped her pillows. I could see the curve of the lips of her vagina pressed to the bottom of her underwear. Wearing only my boxers I slid into bed behind her. 

I started by gently caressing her thighs. They were cold, calling for my warmth. I felt her body relax when she felt my touch. I rubbed her legs warming her skin then slid my hands under her shirt to touch her stomach. She purred at my touch on her flesh. I leaned closer to her and gently kissed her shoulder. I then placed my lips on her neck. She crooned a velvet soft moan. I slid my hands further up her shirt and found my way to her soft nipples. Her nipples stiffened as I tenderly rolled my fingertips over her areolas. I had in a soft grip on her left breast and then tip-toed my hand down her stomach and inside of her underwear. I could feel the warmth coming from her mound. I felt over the soft hair of her self-proclaimed "happy trail" and couldn't follow it fast enough. I gently touched her pearl with the tip of my ring finger. Eyes closed, she opened her mouth in a light gasp. I reached my middle finger down to touch the entrance to her sugar walls. She was already deeply wet. I slid my hand out and tasted my love on my fingertips. Ripe and juicy. 

I slowly pulled her boyshorts down below her buttocks, and then down to her knees. Her legs kindly obliged, but her eyes still looked to be in a peaceful sleep. Under the cover I crawled my way down to her oh so wet spot. I bit her ass as I got between her legs. A bite followed by a kiss on her left ass cheek. Mmm she tasted like candy. I ran the tip of my tongue over her soft pink asshole and down do the creamy entrance to her pussy. I slid my tongue up to touch her clit and then back down to her warm pussy hole. I sucked on her labia lips from behind. I slurped on her pussy as I drank her juices. I slipped my tongue in and out of her soft womanhood. In and out. In and out. Each glide left my tongue sticky with cream. I loved the taste of my love. She slapped her hand on the bed sheets in delight to me pleasuring her. Ironically, she stilled looked to be asleep. Either she was playing possum or deep in blissful dream.

I licked my way from her pussy up to her asshole and licked that soft twist between her bottom. She shivered at the sensation. I rubbed on her ass cheeks as I licked her hole. Then went to biting one cheek then the other, kissing, biting, kissing, rubbing. Her ass was so soft it pleasured me just to touch it. My manhood was stiff poking into the bed in wait to be inside her. It was time.

I slid closer to her in a spooning position so that she could feel my stiff manhood pressed between her ass cheeks. I kissed her shoulder passionately gently nibbling on the skin on the nape of her neck. Somewhat instinctively, since her eyes were still closed, she saddled her ass into my pelvic area slowly grinding her ass on my hard wood. I reached down and rubbed my erect tip against her wet pussy. Pressing my arrow against her clit and feeling her tender wetness, I shivered at the sensation. I wanted to be inside her. I rubbed my dick around to find the gentlest way to enter my love. Sliding inside her wet pussy was like diving into a sea of fantasy. 

... ... ...

I stroked in and out of my love queen slowly. She curved her back and received my stroke. Her warm lips locked around my dick, her ass cheeks sheathing my shaft. I was in heaven. Her moans were silk falling into the air and wrapping me in her sensuality, pleading me to stroke deeper. Who was I to not satisfy my queen? I slid deeper and deeper into her pressing against her sugar walls. Knocking on her door asking her cum to come out and play. A few deep strokes later, who was she to not oblige? I felt her warm creaminess gush onto my dick as I stroked inside her. My queen grabbed a fistful of covers in her orgasm. Her ass bounced as she came. Grabbing her soft breasts, I continued to slide in and out of her. But she stopped me. 

She turned her head around to look back at me and used a come-hither finger motion to call my lips to hers. I wanted to taste her lips and she wanted to taste the sweetness of her lips on my lips. We shared a passionate kiss, twirling tongues. She sucked on my bottom lip and then used her lips to pull my tongue into her mouth. She sucked on my tongue as if she was sucking on my manhood. She reached her hand down and grabbed my dick and pulled me out of her pussy. As good as it felt to be inside her I actually didn't want her to go down on me. Instead, she spat on her hand and rubbed her spit onto my dick. She then rubbed the tip of my dick up and down between her ass cheeks and then pointed me at her asshole. She slid her ass back to receive my dick as I grabbed her waist and pushed inside her. She gasped. 

I stroked her deeply, Squeezing and spreading her ass cheeks as I penetrated her. She was awake now. Her moans were getting louder and louder as I pushed into her tight asshole. The light of the sun could be seen yawning its way over the horizon and creeping into our bedroom through our window. With my lips at her ear I whispered to her "Baby, I'm about to cum". In her sultry siren voice she moaned to me "Come inside." She pushed her ass back deep onto my dick. We both shivered at the sensation as I came inside her ass. Juicy.