 We met at a "parents without partners" meeting. Technically, I was not really a parent without a partner because, although I had been divorced for four years, my 19-year-old daughter was away at school and my son was in business with me. The only reason I was there was to meet someone, anyone, and I picked out Judith.

Judith was a very small person, almost petite but very good-looking. I guessed her to be about ten years younger than I, say 35-38, five foot one inch tall and weigh perhaps 110 pounds. She had a beautiful smile, flashing blue-green eyes and dark hair. Although her breasts and hips were small they were really perfectly proportioned to her body. All in all, she was a very attractive woman.

Somehow, (it was no accident) I found myself seated next to her at one of the luncheon tables with quite a few other parents, mostly women. Everyone was introduced around and we had an enjoyable meal with lots of small talk before the guest speaker was welcomed at the podium. Unfortunately, she was an embittered old woman who carried the weight of the world on her shoulders. Her entire talk was a criticism of men, divorce, the legal system and life in general. When her tirade (disguised as a speech) was over, there was a smattering of polite but very uncomfortable applause.

Judith raised the back of her hand to her mouth and whispered sideways to me, "I can understand why men don't like her. I don't like her and I'm not a man."

I know I shouldn't have, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity. I whispered back, "What she really needs is a good roll in the hay."

She turned and gave me a very strange look. I thought to myself, "Oh Hell, now you've done it!" 

I was very pleasantly surprised when, instead of being angry, she smiled and said, "I don't think that would hurt any of us. When the meeting is over why don't you take me home and we can talk about it?"

There was obviously no argument from me. We stood around chatting with the other members until people began to leave. Another woman in the crowd, Betty, came over to us and said, "Judith I'm ready to go home now, come on, and I'll drop you off."

"Thanks, but I have a ride. Ed here, lives very close to me and has very graciously offered to take me home." Aside to me she whispered, "I hope you didn't mind that little white lie."

"What lie? I would be pleased to take you home or anywhere else you would like to go."

In the car, on the way to her house, I found out that she had been divorced almost three years, worked at home on her computer as a legal researcher. She had a 15-year-old son that attended the local high school. Her ex-husband was a successful lawyer and had left her for a very young paralegal in his office. In addition to her research work, she was also an amateur author and had just signed her first book deal. We never once mentioned my remark that the old biddy could use a good man.

Once inside, she asked if I would like a cup of coffee, tea or a beer.

"It's a little early for a beer, how about an iced tea?"

Rather than wait in the loving room I followed her into the kitchen while she prepared the drinks.

"How is it that a man such as your self finds enough time to attend a two hour hen party on a Wednesday afternoon?"

"Well, I am slowly turning my business over to my son and I need to give him some space."

She gave me a little smile and with a twitch of her head, said, "Lets go back into the living room. I want to hear more about your theory that sex solves everything."

"It's not my theory, it's a known fact that people with a good sex life are happier, less tense and better adjusted."

"Damn, maybe that's what's wrong with me. How about you, how's your sex life?

We were deep into it now so I said, "Not as good as I would like it, that's why I was at the meeting."

"So you came to a meeting of over-the-hill women in hopes of finding some sex starved divorcee and picked me."

"You make me sound like some lecherous ogre. It's not that way at all. If that was all I wanted there are plenty of women in the single clubs around town. I wanted to find someone who was secure in her lifestyle and wasn't interested in some wild liaison. I wanted to meet someone that I chose without the 'he-said she-said' pressures."

"Well, I guess I should be flattered that you chose me. What about sex with me, was that a come on or did you mean it? Will it solve all of my problems and make me happier and better adjusted" 

"I don't know, but neither will you unless you try it. I am certainly willing to let you test my theory on me. I would like to help you any way I can." This conversation was having an unusual effect on me.

"OK, I'll let you off the hook. When I saw you at the meeting I made up my mind that I was going to let you seduce me. I have never done that before but I have been having some strange urges and moods lately so I think I might need a good 'roll in the hay'. Come on and lets start by taking a nice warm shower together."

She led me by the hand into her bedroom and said, "Take off your clothes, the shower is through there. I will be back in a minute."

She left me standing there pondering my good luck or was I being hustled? It didn't matter, I was old enough to take care of myself and I was going to have sex with this wonderful creature anyway.

I disrobed, hung my clothes on a chair and got into the shower. I had just properly adjusted the water temperature when she slid in behind me. I wanted to turn around to look at her beautiful body but she wouldn't let me.

She encircled my body with her arms and said, "Let me bathe you and then you can do me."

That began one of the most erotic experiences of my life! Her soapy hands running over my back, my chest, my buttocks and eventually down my legs had me on the edge of ecstasy. When she told me to turn aground, I was oblivious to everything except my own feelings until I suddenly realized that this doll like creature in front of me was also nude.

Her lathered up hands continued to slither over my shoulders, chest, stomach and were on their way to my groin before I realized that if she touched me in just the right place down there, I would loose it and be denied the ultimate union of our bodies.

She must have known it to because she turned around and said, "OK, its your turn to do me."

I soaped my hand and began to rub them across the velvety skin that was presented to me. I paid special attention to each part as I came to it, her neck, back, shoulders and slowly, very carefully around her body to her breasts. I had very careful not to let my blood-engorged member touch her, but when I caressed her hard little nipples she suddenly, and on purpose, backed into me. I clasped my arms tight around her body, holding it tight against the object of my lust and kissed her on the neck.

She spun around in my arms and tilted her face up to me to be kissed. Her lips and mouth were the sweetest, softest things I had ever encountered. When she opened her mouth and accepted my tongue, my animal like lust was forgotten. Although my body was crying out for relief, my mind would have been satisfied to spend eternity with my mouth pressed against hers, my hands sliding over the satin of her skin feeling the warm water washing over us. 

She brought me back to my senses by breaking the kiss. She put her head on my chest and gasped, "I have never been kissed quite like that." She slid her hand down to my groin, whispering, "I want you to make love to me now." 

I picked her up in my arms and, without drying either of us off, took her into the next room and deposited her on the bed. Lying there, droplets of water shimmering on her creamy skin, her petite, perfect body was a feast for my eyes. I wanted to devour her, taste each morsel of her being. I leaned over and again touched those wondrous lips to mine. This time it was me that broke away. I had to put my mouth against those breasts, to suckle on the nipples as I was born to do.

When my mouth touched the hard little button she sighed, "Oh, my God." As if I had done it a hundred, nay a thousand times before, I swapped back and forth, from one to the other, each switch followed by a moan of pleasure. 

The moisture on her body was like sugar water as I licked my way down, pausing at her navel, poking at it with my tongue so she would know exactly what was in store for her when I reached my final destination. She put her hand on my head, pushing me even closer to my goal. I found my divine target. Now, her breath was a series of short quick gasps, coming in unison with the probes of my tongue.

Earlier, I had thought the water droplets were sweet, now I had encountered nectar. Honey greeted my taste buds as my tongue licked, poked and probed at the most private part of her body. She was wiggling so much I had difficulty keeping my mouth in contact with her. Within moments her soft sighs changed to a low moan and she clamped her legs tight around my head. Even if I wanted to, I would not have been able to escape. But, I didn't want to; I wanted to keep doing this forever, to keep bringing this kind of pleasure to this delicate woman her as long as I could.

With a final shudder, she finally released her vice-like grip on my head and pushed me away, saying, "Oh, stop. I am so sensitive that I can't stand it. It has been a long time since I had sex with anyone but I don't remember it ever being that good. Come up here and lay besides me for a few minutes and let me catch my breath."

With reluctance I left my treasure trove and started back the way I came, kissing and licking my way to her tummy, her breasts and, finally, her mouth. She accepted my lips upon hers without regard to the exotic wetness on them. Once again, my tongue entered her, only this time I danced with her tongue, felt the smoothness of her teeth and tasted the sweetness there.

She pushed me over onto my back, whispering, "Now, it's my turn to make you beg me to stop!"

She straddled my stomach and slid down until she was pushing hard against the manifestation of my arousal. With a deft move, she rose up and slowly settled back letting that part of me experience the warm nest that my tongue had so recently enjoyed. She began a slow rocking motion that caused all reason to leave me. Every sense, every nerve ending, every factor of my being, was concentrated in the seven inches of my flesh that was imbedded in her soft body.

I don't know how long we were joined, it may have been seconds, minutes or even hours but slowly, I became aware of the fire building inside of me. My hands crept up from her waist to cup, caress and fondle her breasts. She was sitting upright, head back and her eyes were closed. Her rocking-horse gait was slow and deliberate. Imperceptibly it began to speed up. Faster and faster she rode until I began to match her movements. I was plunging myself in and out of her with wild abandon. I was far beyond the point of no return when she began to gasp. I could feel my seed being implanted deep within her, pulse after pulse. 

The ultimate fulfillment of our tryst was realized moments later. With a loud moan and a final shudder she collapsed on top of me, panting for breath. I put my arms around her and held her tight, her wet hair cool against my chest.

"Oh my God," she whispered, "I didn't realize what I have been missing. I'm glad I chose you."

She lay still in my arms for a few minutes before she said, "You must go soon. My son will be home around four and its after three now. I wouldn't want him to catch his mom having sex like some schoolgirl. Will I ever see you again?"

"Whenever you like. Why don't we have a real date and let me take you to dinner and a movie Friday?"

"I've got a better idea. Mark goes to spend the weekend with his dad Friday afternoon and won't be back until after class on Monday. Why don't you pick up some steaks and we can do them on the grill out by the pool. You know it is completely enclosed and we can go skinny-dipping. Bring your pajamas and maybe Saturday morning we can have Eggs Benedict for breakfast."

The eggs were excellent, but nowhere as tasty as she was.