 Author's disclaimer - all participants in this story are over eighteen years of age.

*

Angela Mellon had a very bad morning. It started with an argument over money with her husband Dave. She burnt the breakfast toast because the toaster stuck in the down position. When she stuck a knife in the toaster to push down on the release spring the toaster made a "pssst" sound and stopped working altogether. She dropped the pot to the Mr. Coffee on the floor and it shattered sending pieces of glass all over the place. When she tried to vacuum up the really small pieces the Hoover quit on her and she checked and found that the belt had broken. She got the spare belt out of the utility drawer in the kitchen and while trying to change the belt the screwdriver slipped and she stabbed the palm of her hand.

"Shit!" she cried and threw the screwdriver across the room. "That's it! I'm not going to do another fucking thing today. I'm not even going to get dressed."

Wearing only her robe she went into the living room and turned on the TV set. She watched an hour of the meaningless pap that passed for daytime TV and when she couldn't stand it anymore she went back in the kitchen and got herself a beer. During the next several hours she got herself several more beers and by 2 PM Angela had quite a buzz on. By 3:30 PM she was drunk and feeling horny.

Getting another beer she went and got a porno tape from where she had hidden it to keep it away from the prying eyes of Jennifer, her six-teen year old daughter. She took the tape back to the living room and pushed it into the VCR. The tape was her absolute favorite and the origin of her most powerful fantasy. The section she liked best and watched over and over was the one that had the female porn star being worked over by three studs; she had one in her mouth, one in her pussy and one in her ass. Angela's fingers worked on her clit as she watched the tape and, as usual, she orgasmed at the point in the tape where the female started to yell:

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, fuck me, please fuck me."

After her orgasm subsided Angela went for another beer and returned to replay the tape. As the tape started playing again and Angela's fingers again moved to her pussy she thought:

"Once, just once, I would like to experience something like that. I would love to have three hard cocks to play with."

+++++

Michael Martin, known as Mikey to his friends, had been having a very bad day. First he was late for school and had to go see the assistant principal to get a pass allowing him into his first class. Next he discovered that he had left his homework assignment on the kitchen table and he was given an 'incomplete' in the grade book. The 'incomplete' would be removed when he brought in the assignment, but it would be marked down one letter grade for being turned in late.

His third class of the day was gym and his gym teacher was also the varsity football coach. The coach had taken him aside and informed him that his low grades would not allow him to suit up for Friday's game and that he would not be allowed to suit up for further games if he didn't get his head out of his ass and start studying.

His being benched had put him in a bad mood; a mood he took with him when he went to have lunch with Jennifer Mellon who was his girlfriend. He saw Jack Watson standing by the table talking to Jen when he entered the cafeteria and he knew that Jack had the hots for her and had been sniffing around lately. Jack had seen him coming and turned and left. When he got to table he had started dumping on Jennifer for seeming to encourage Jack and she had told him to keep his bad mood to himself. He had barked back at her and they ended up having an argument and Jennifer had told him to "piss off" and she had gotten up and stomped off.

Which is why he was standing at her front door. He'd had his buddy Ron drive him over so he could apologize and beg forgiveness. He knew Jennifer pretty well and he knew that it wasn't likely that she would forgive him right away - she would make him sweat a bit - so Ron and Tom, another of his friends, were waiting in the car for him. Jennifer should be home by then so he screwed up his courage and rang the bell.

+++++

Angela was just coming down from her third orgasm when she heard a noise. At first she couldn't place the sound and then she realized that it was the door bell and that someone was at the front door. She got unsteadily to her feet and went to the door and looking through the spy hole she recognized Jennifer's boyfriend Mike. Somewhat foggy from all the beer she opened the door without realizing that her robe was still open from when she had been fingering herself.

"Hi Mrs. Mellon. Is Jennifer ho..." and his voice trailed off as he took in the sight of Angela's naked body. Damn, she had some great looking tits. Jennifer had some really nice ones, but Mrs. Mellon's were twice as big and the nipples were erect and huge.

Angela noticed where he was looking and looked down. Seeing herself exposed she said, "Oops" and giggled as she closed her robe.

"Come on in Mike. I'll go get Jennifer for you. Go on into the living room and have a seat."

Mike when into the living room and sat on the couch. He noticed the TV was on and then he did a quick double-take as he saw a woman sucking on a man's cock. He had never had a blow job and he stared at the screen mesmerized.

Angela went to Jennifer's room, but her daughter wasn't there. On her way back to the living room she stopped and got another beer and she took a long pull at the bottle. 

"God, I'm so horny" she thought, "Dave better get home soon."

She walked into the living room and saw Mike staring at the TV and rubbing his cock through his pants as he watched the blond on the screen deep-throating her partner. She giggled as she thought, "Poor boy, he looks so cute sitting there with his mouth hanging open. I think I'll have a little fun with him."

She sat down on the couch next to him and let her robe fall open enough so that he could see her tits. "What's the matter Mike? Haven't you ever seen a porn video before?"

Mike was startled. He had been so glued to the TV that he hadn't even noticed her sitting down. He guiltily pulled his hand away from his throbbing cock and stammered:

"Uh, no Mrs. Mellon, I er, uh...I mean no ma'am, I haven't."

He started to get up and leave, but Angela pulled him back down. "I can't send you out of here like that. Here, let me help."

Mike froze as Mrs. Mellon unzipped his trousers and reached inside for his cock. She pulled it out and started stroking it and she looked into his eyes and almost laughed at the mixture of lust, panic and fright that she saw there. She would give him a quick hand job and send him on his way. 

"This will be our little secret Mike" she said as she ran her hand up and down on his stiff meat. "It is a really nice cock" she thought and she wondered if Jennifer had ever had it in her hand. A drop of pre-cum appeared on the head. "I wonder what a young boy tastes like" and she lowered her head.

"The door was open so I came in to see.....Holy Shit!" said Ron as he came into the room to see Mikey lying on his back on the living room floor with Mrs. Mellon bouncing up and down on his cock. He stared for a moment and then tearing himself away he ran back out to his car and breathlessly said to Tom:

"Quick, you have got to see this" and then both boys ran back to the house.

+++++

Jennifer Mellon had been having a very bad day. First, an argument with her dad over her allowance, then her mother's refusal to let her spend Friday night over at Carol's. Carol was planning a slumber party and it was killing Jennifer that she couldn't go. At school she had gotten into a shouting match with Beverly Abbeg over the attention Bev had been giving Mikey. It had gotten them both detentions after school which would make her an hour late getting home. To top things off she had gotten in an argument with Mikey over that asshole Jack Watson - as if she would ever have anything to do with him - and she had ended up walking away from Mikey. The day had really sucked!

She opened the door and walked into the house. The door closed behind her and she heard voices coming from the living room.

"Oh God, oh God, Yesssss! Like that, oh yes, just like that. Fuck me, oh yes fuck me. I knew it would be like this, I knew it would be this good, I just knew it."

Jennifer walked into the living room and froze. She stared open mouthed at the scene in front of her. Tom Plant was lying on the floor and some woman was bouncing up and down on his cock. Ron Jones was standing in front of the woman with his cock in her mouth, and Mikey - her Mikey - was fucking the woman in her ass. All this she cataloged in her mind before the realization hit her.

"That's my mother! Mikey, you bastard, that's my mother! What are you guys doing fucking my mother?"

All four members of the fuck-fest were lost in lust and did not seem to even notice her. She stalked over to them and hit Mikey. The blow penetrated the fog of lust and he turned to see a very pissed off Jennifer.

"Mikey, God damn you! How could you do this to me? And with my own mother! God damn you you rotten bastard. Well two can play this game" and she went to Ron and pulled him away from her mother. "Nooo" cried Angela, "Give it back" but it was too late. Jennifer was on her knees and Ron's cock was in her mouth.

+++++

Dave Mellon had been having a very bad day. First, an argument with Angela over money, followed by an argument with his daughter Jennifer over money, followed by a speeding ticket on his way to work. His first phone call of the day was from a client who said he was taking his business elsewhere. He had been called into a meeting with his boss just before lunch and had been informed that the expected pay raise had been put on hold pending a company reorganization. On his way home, three blocks from his house, he had a flat tire and when he looked he found the spare missing from the trunk of the car. He walked the three blocks to his house and as he opened the front door to go in he said to himself:

"The worst of the day is over, thank God" and he walked inside.