 I wake up and am startled. “Where am I?” I wonder. I see an arm around me, resting on my stomach. I feel a body pressed against me and a hard lump against my butt. I sigh.

“Morning beautiful.” Larry whispers in his low, sexy, manly morning voice into my ear.

“Morning sweetie.” I say. “I would love to wake up like this everyday.”

“Me too.” Larry answers.

I nod and teasingly push back against him, feeling his cock twitch. “I’m going to take a shower.” 

I walk naked into the bathroom, not closing the door, getting into the tub. I get under the hot water and put my elbows in the air, shampooing my hair and raising my breasts, turning towards the bedroom. I keep my eyes closed, moaning. When I’m done with my hair, I soap up my entire body. I turn my back toward the bedroom and soap up my entire body, bending at the waist to get my legs and feet.

I knew he was watching, so I soaped up my body sensually with my hands, touching myself everywhere. I paid special attention to my breasts and nipples, playing and toying with them. I reached down to my pussy. I slipped a finger up and down between my slit, the other concentrating on my breast. I was getting so hot. My finger started darting in and out of my hole, the other came down to play with my clit. I was moaning in pleasure.

“Watching you makes me so hot, but that’s my job!” Larry says. He gets into the shower and replaces my hands with his. I fuck his hands.

“Ohhhhhhh. Mmmmmm. Yeah. I’m cummin. Ohhhh baby. Flick my clit. Ohhhhh. MMMMMMMMM Oh Oh Oh Larry, OhOhOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHhhhhh.”

I cum and fall backwards into Larry’s chest, his leg between mine, no longer able to hold myself up.

“Honey, that was so hot.” Larry says. He holds me until I regain my strength. “Let’s clean you up.”

He conditions my hair and washes the rest of my body. Gently caressing my breasts and ass.

“My turn!” I exclaim.

I lift my arms to shampoo his hair and he fondles my breasts. We kiss as I rinse it out. I then take the bar of soap and start rubbing it all over him. I start with his broad shoulders and quickly move to his chest. Each nipple gets teased with the bar of soap, making his cock throb for attention. I go down his stomach, quickly stopping at his belly button.

I trail down to Larry’s cock. I soap it up, rubbing up and down his shaft. I go under and soap his balls good. I drop the soap and just rub it with my bare hands. Slowly I go up and down, circling under his head and cupping his balls, watching him ready to explode. 

I take my hands off as a tease, but then pull him by his stiff rod so it is under the stream of water, getting rinsed off. I then let go and turn around to bend down and pick up the soap.

As I bend at the waist I feel his steel rod at my entrance. I’m sure he couldn’t have passed up the view. In one swift motion he plunges the entire sausage into my hot, oozing cunt.

“MmmMmm Larry. If every shower was like this I’d be a sparkling clean woman.”

He slowly gyrates his hips inside of me. I press back, needing him to fuck me. We go at it hard like animals in the doggy style position for a while.

“Oh Larry, I’m cummin.. Oohhhhooohhh Yes.Yes! YES! Fuck yes” I scream as he brings me to my second orgasm.

As I’m recovering he turns me around and stands me up, quickly plunging his dick back into me. We make out as he slowly and firmly fucks me standing up. I know he’s getting close.

“Oh Jules, I’m getting there... ohh,” he grunts at me.

I can hear the squish noises from my cum, his precum, the soap and the water. There is a thwapping noise as his balls swing while he is humping me hard.

“Yeah, baby, cum inside me, make me cum again. You are my sex Hercules. I could do you all day long.”

“I love when you talk dirty to me.”

“Cum on baby, fill ‘er up. My hot oven is ready. Make my pussy meeeeeeooooowww and make me purr.”

“Oh Jules, Ohhhh. Ohhhhhh  ::grunt, grunt, grunt:: MMMmmmmmMm ugh.” Larry makes audible as he cums. The feeling makes me bite my lip and come for the third time as I lean forward and his shaft stimulates my clit.

“Larry, that was wonderful.” I exclaim.

“We have all day, hunnie...all day.”