 I always wanted a cock to play with. I thought it would be interesting to have something dangling in front of my legs instead of a hole there. Masturbation would have been so much easier.

These are the things I would confess to Larry. We always talked really dirty, but never fooled around. Sometimes when we were sitting on my couch and talking I would see the tent form in the front of his pants. I’m sure he saw my nipples standing straight out.

He was the guy I told about all my beaus, and of course I heard about all his girlfriends. He’s beaten up an ex or two for me and I give him advice on the ladies. He’s the cousin I’ve never had.

This all changed the last semester of college. We ended up at the same school and saw each other everyday. Sometimes we were in a group and sometimes alone. 

One day I dropped by un-announced and knocked. “Larry, are you there?” 

“Uh, just a second” was the response, followed by a rustle and a zipper. He came and answered the door, with no shirt on and his face all flustered. 

“Come in, Jules” 

“How are you?” I inquire.

“Lousy, I’ve been so horny and haven’t had a girl in such a long time” he says. 

“Oh know how it feels” I responded. Something in my mind clicked, and before I thought about it I said,

 “Well, I can take care of that boner, if you want.”

What did I just do? I crossed the line. But then, I looked into his eyes and knew he felt the same way.

We did not speak again. I came in close and kissed him. ‘What am I doing?’ I thought as I played with his tongue, but all worries were swept away by the thought of how good a kisser he was. 

I reluctantly removed my lips from his and sunk to my knees. I took my time unzipping his pants even though I was eagerly awaiting the revelation of his manhood. I pushed his pants down and saw his head poking out of his pre-cum stained boxers.

I got rid of those as well and his steel hard cock jumped out. I was amazed. Who ever thought that my best friend had such an amazing cock?

I carefully licked it. From the head down to his balls and back up. I then engulfed it...as much as I could. I sucked and swirled my tongue around his head.

“Oh, Jules, you are driving me crazy”

I moaned as I sucked, playing with his balls. I then switched and put his balls in my mouth and cock in my hand.

“Oh yeah, suck my balls”

I hear him moaning and know he likes it. I swirl his balls with my tongue and then put his cock back in my mouth.

“I’m close, I’m close”  Larry frantically announces.

Knowing this I rapidly move me head up and down his shaft, licking his head and fondling his balls.

“Uhhhhh, oohhhhhh, Jules”

My mouth is filled with his hot cum. I look him in the eyes and I swallow my rewards. Larry sits down on the bed and I move between his legs and lick his limp cock clean.

“Julia, that was amazing” he tells me, and I smile. 

“You have an amazing piece, there” I let him know. 

“I’ve been told that before” Larry replies.

“Hey, Lar, where do we stand?” I ask.

“Well, I wouldn’t mind dating you if the sex was like that” Larry replies.

“I wouldn’t mind dating a guy with a dick that huge. So what now?”

“I have an idea” Larry says as he climbs on top of me, still naked.

We started making out hardcore. I had always thought of him as attractive, but never thought he felt the same way. When his hand rested on my breast I laughed.

“What is so funny?” Larry asks me.

“Its so weird for me to have my best friend on top of me, naked, grabbing my boob. I mean, you knew me before I had boobs."

“That was a long, long time ago. Ever since you’ve had them I’ve wanted to touch them. I wanted to pinch your nipples, suck on your breasts and play with them”

With that I kissed him. We sat up and he took my shirt off. As we kissed, I felt his hands fumbling around my back, trying to take off that darn contraption all men have problems with. In a few minutes it was unhooked and I leaned back so he could pull it all the way off. My breasts bounced out. His eyes glowed.

Before I knew it I felt his warm hand on one and his hot mouth on the other.

“MMMMmmm” I moaned. Just then, he bit my left nipple. I yelped. 

“Oh, I love it when you play rough.” I squealed.

I was in heaven. He kept biting my nipples and jiggling my breasts and kissing them.

“Oh, Lar, I’m so close” I whispered.

With that he stopped. I was stunned. What happened? I then felt his hand on my pants. He sensually unbuttoned them all the way down and I lifted my ass so he could pull them off. When he saw my undies, he giggled.

“What is wrong?” I ask.

“Those are the stripper undies.” he says. “The shiny ones with the stars that we always joked about because you were such a good girl. Before I thought of them as cute, but now I realize, they really are hot.”

I can tell he appreciates them because as he looks as them I see his boner twitch. I’m so glad I wore them today! Before anything else could be said he lifted my bottom and took them off. I spread my legs, dripping wet in anticipation. 

Then I felt it. The tongue of the most amazing guy at my hole. He teasingly dipped it in.

“Ohhhhh my gosh!”

He then gently kisses my entire pubic region. I feel his hand on my pussy at the same time. As he licks around down there he finds my clit.

“MMMmmmm Larry! Oh my”

He traces his tongue down to my hole and starts fucking me with it. I get a momentum going with my hips and I start to fuck his face.

“Im so close, Lar! Make me cum on your face.”

He quickly replaces his tongue with a few fingers and I am confused, but the sensation is still amazing. I fuck his hand, faster and faster. When I’m almost there he licks my clit lightly and feels my body jolt. He then puts his mouth on it and sucks as I fuck his fingers.

“Oh yeah, you suck my clit. Oh, OH  OOHHHH MMMMMM”

I scream as I cum. That was the best orgasm of my life. I lay there completely spent, spread out naked on my best friend’s bed. Larry, still naked himself, crawls up next to me and whispers in my ear, “I’ll be the best boyfriend you’ll ever have. I’m going to rock your world.”

“I can’t wait.” I whisper as I fall asleep in his arms.