 Hi all, recently, I had an exciting event take place as I was relaxing at home, alone over a long weekend.

Slow Saturdays, I hate them. 

My husband at weekend drill and nothing worthwhile on TV. 

No need going to office and sitting there as in this economy the Real Estate market is flat. 

Great idea! check out the new stories on Lit.

As I sat reading the door bell rang. 

It was a young Asian woman handing out flyer's introducing herself as Cristel, a new Realtor in the area and canvassing for leads.

I told her I too was a Realtor and not interested in selling my home.

"I guess you're the competition." She said.

I explained to her I did primarily business sales and very seldom listed homes.

We stood talking at the door for about 10 minutes. 

I could tell she was tired as she kept shifting her weight from one foot to the other so, I invited her in to sit and rest.

As is customary for us she removed her shoes at the door and followed me into the kitchen. 

I got her a cup of tea as she removed her jacket and handed it to me.

We went into the family room and sat down, I told her to put her feet up so they don't swell, which she did. 

She explained that she was second generation Taiwanese, had recently moved here from Flagstaff after divorcing her Asian husband of two years. 

After her break up she was cut off by her family, as divorce is considered very shameful in Taiwanese culture. 

This is also true in my Korean culture.

"What happened?" I asked.

She said that her ex was the eldest son of her fathers best friend. The first six months of their marriage was OK but nothing spectacular. 

It was all downhill from then on.

"Was he your first man?" I inquired.

"You mean to fuck me?" She asked.

"That too." I answered.

From the look on her face I assumed she was pleased that I was not upset by her language.

"Yeah, he got my cherry, from then on it was shove it in, cum, get off and go meet his friends for cards and drinking." She said.

She further explained, "I had heard so many stories from my American girl friends about their marriages and the fantastic sex they were having and I expected some serious fucking. It never happened." 

"After about 18 months I found out he was fucking some Vietnamese chick in his office and that she was pregnant with his kid. That ended it for me." She added.

"Those arranged marriages never work, especially here in the US." I said.

"Tell me about it, I decided that I was not going to stay at home being the good, patient Asian wife while my husband fucked around all night." Cristel said. 

"I had very few friends and almost no one to talk to." she added.

"No one at all?" I asked.

"Well, I did have one good friend, an American woman, so I went to her. We went out one night, talked for hours, got a little drunk and went back to her apartment. You won't believe what happened." She said.

"What happened?" I asked.

"Well, As soon as we got to her apartment she started kissing me and feeling me up. 

Pretty soon we were undressed and on the floor and she was sucking my tits, then her face was between my legs and she was licking my pussy. She sucked my clit and I must have cum forever." She explained.

I felt my nipples begin to harden and knew she probably could see them through my very thin robe. 

I hoped she had no idea how aroused and wet I was from listening to her very vivid descriptions.

***At this point I have to explain, this girl is 26 and very pretty, about 5'4", 105 Lbs, tiny waist, wide hips and beautiful legs topped by a very nice ass. Her breasts although not large appeared to be firm and lovely.***

"Did you enjoy it?" I inquired.

"Oh shit yes, it was fantastic, she did things to me I could never duplicate and by the next morning I could hardly walk."

"So you're Bi?" I asked.

"I am now." She replied.

"How about your life?" She asked.

"Well for me it's a short story, born in Korea, graduated college, married Dave, moved to US, two kids in college and sell Real Estate." I replied.

"Yeah, I heard all about you Korean women from my other Asian girl friends." She said.

"Just what did you hear about us?" I inquired.

"Well, they're probably just jealous, but that you're ALL fuck crazy nympho's, especially for American guys and that many of you are Bi and to never let a boyfriend or husband near a Korean woman because she'll lure him away from you." She said.

"Why, are they so jealous?" I asked.

"Fuck, just look in the mirror and you'll see why. You Korean chicks have everything we don't." She said.

"What do you mean everything you don't? I inquired.

"Shit, most of you are tall with fabulous legs, big tits, nice asses and rounder eyes than most of we non Korean Asian women." She answered.

"Well, I don't know about all that, but genes are mostly responsible for our appearance and many have had surgery." I said.

"But, we do love fucking and American guys are fantastic, romantic lovers. Their tongues and cocks are fabulous and most of them enjoy making a woman cum as much as they do cumming themselves." I explained.

I went on, "as to many of us being Bi, that has more to do with our having so many Girls only schools and at 18 or 19 years old your only sexual outlet, if you're lucky, was your roommate, I was lucky." I stated.

"Then you're Bi too?" She asked.

"Yes, with the right woman." I answered. 

"Please, don't be offended by what I said. I am very forward and outspoken, sometimes my mouth gets me in trouble." She said.

"No offense taken, I replied, I too am very outspoken and forward, I love your attitude and think your mouth is beautiful." I answered.

"May I ask you some very personal questions?" She inquired.

"Anything you like, I'm an open book." I replied.

"How many women have you fucked?" She asked.

"Including High School and College probably four or five." I replied.

Did you like it?" She asked

"God yes, it was my roommate in High School with one of her large sex toys that took my virginity at 16." I replied.

"What are you wearing under your robe?" She asked.

"Nothing, just me." I answered.

"May I see?" She asked.

"Certainly you can." I said. 

I stood with my back to her, untied my robe and slowly lowered it, stopping at my waist.

I was hesitant to go any further as by now I was soaking wet, which was very apparent.

"More, please." She said.

I took the edge of my robe and wiped between my parted thighs, and then my pussy lips. This wiping only increased my arousal.

"Fuck it," I thought to myself. 

With my legs slightly parted, I dropped my robe to the floor.

"Oh my God! you've got a beautiful ass and legs, how tall are you?" She asked.

"Almost 5'9", in heels I'm just short of six feet tall," I replied, in a somewhat raspy voice.

"Turn around, please." She asked.

I quickly turned around and faced her, she made no attempt to remove her hand from between her legs.

While sitting, she had pulled her short skirt up to her waist, her panties to one side and was fingering herself as she watched me. 

"Damn! I love your body, fuck, I want it now," she said breathlessly as she sped up the in and out movement of her finger in her pussy.

Attempting to slow things down a little, I said,

"Well, since were playing show and tell, how about you?"

She stood, pulled her cotton blouse out from her skirt, unbuttoned it and let it fall to the floor. 

She then reached behind her to unhook her bra.

"Little help please, I'm shaking so much." She said.

I went behind her, unhooked her bra, slid the straps slowly down her arms and let it fall. 

Instinctively, my hands cupped her small firm breasts and very hard nipples.

"Your have beautiful breasts." I said, my fingers lightly pinching her nipples.

"They're tiny when compared to yours." She answered.

"Well, according to my husband, more than a mouthful is too much." I replied.

She stepped away, faced me and unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. 

She stood before me, hands on hips, legs parted, her very sheer white panties pulled tightly between her lips which were soaking wet in anticipation.

"Please, take my panties off, I want your tongue in me and my tongue in you." She said in a child like voice. 

"Gladly," I replied, as I started to pull them down.

"Ah, with your mouth, please." She asked.

This was unusual, but I complied. I knelt in front of her, took the waistband in my teeth and began tugging her panties down. 

Oh my God!, her aroma was wonderful, and her thighs were lightly coated with her juices. 

I finally got her panties off, but stayed on my knees in front of her. 

I had never seen such a beautiful pussy. She had so much dark, soft pubic hair, it was neatly trimmed around her swollen pink lips and absolutely dripping wet.

I couldn't wait any longer, my arms went around her waist and I pulled her pussy to my mouth kissing and licking her wetness, I was on fire.

"Oh my God, lick me, suck me, fuck me with your tongue," she screamed loudly.

I pulled her down and kissed her, my tongue went into her mouth and her juices flowed from my mouth into hers.

"Please lay down, I want to taste you so badly." She asked. 

I immediately complied.

**** I have to say at this point, I always took the lead position, whether in school, sports, business or sex but was enthralled by this, I thought, inexperienced woman who taught me so many lessons.**** 

She knelt above me, her lovely ass in my face, she somehow lowered her pussy to my left nipple and began sliding back and forth as though she were trying to get my very hard nipple inside her pussy. 

God!, the feeling of her wet pussy on my nipple was driving me crazy. 

She stopped, and lay down on top of me, my face between her wet, sweet smelling thighs and she began licking my pussy. 

Separating her lips with my fingers my tongue slid into her, her taste and scent were wonderful.

We both moaned loudly as we licked and sucked each others pussy,savoring the tastes and enjoying the feelings our bodies gave each other.

Then, we both came very loudly, the sucking noises drowning out our moans.

Exhausted, we fell asleep, she on top of me our faces buried between each other's wet, warm thighs. 

We awoke after a short nap, she got off and laid down next to me, our faces covered with each others juices, we kissed tenderly.

"How do you feel?" She asked.

"Oh God, wonderful, but tired." I answered.

"Lets bathe, I said, our tub is big enough for four so we have plenty of room to relax." 

I took her hand and led this beautiful naked girl upstairs, both of us dripping on the carpet, to the master bath, I turned on the water and jets. 

After about five minutes or so we climbed in and sat quietly soaking.

"Whats that?" she asked, pointing a small red light on a silver globe in the ceiling.

"Oh fuck! I exclaimed, that's Dave's damn security system, they're in every room and I must have turned it on instead of off because the red light's on. I still don't understand much about it."

"Does it call the cops?" she asked.

"No, its not hooked into the phone yet." I answered.

"How does it work?" she asked.

"It detects motion and films everything moving in color and zooms too," I replied.

"That's awesome!" She replied. 

"So our fucking, sucking and everything is recorded for posterity?" She asked.

"It sure is, but I will delete everything before you go." I answered.

"It's a shame to delete it if you don't want to, will Dave be pissed if he see's it?" She asked.

"Oh no, he'll love it and probably get off on it." I answered.

"So he knows you're Bi and is OK with it?"

"Oh Yeah, he loves it and has had many great threesomes from me and my BF Chrissie, he taped a lot of our fucking too." I said.

"God, you're so cool and fine, I think I may fall in love with you." She said.

"Don't do that, as it could ruin a great fledgling friendship." I remarked.

"Yeah, you're right," she said as she leaned over and kissed me, sliding her tongue into my mouth.

I could taste our combined juices as her tongue darted in and out of my mouth.

I felt my juices begin to flow as my breathing increased. 

She stood up, bent over to retrieve her towel from the floor, her lovely ass several inches from my face. 

I couldn't restrain myself. 

I moved a little closer and began kissing her ass, at the same time trying to get my tongue into her tiny hole. 

She bent further over and there was her fragrant, wet pussy demanding attention which my tongue immediately gave.

"Oh! fuck me, suck it, lick it, oh God I love you." She wailed.

Just then the phone rang, interrupting our bliss.

"Let it go." She said.

"I can't, I replied, I'm waiting for a client to call." I picked up and immediately slammed it down.

"God damn telemarketers bullshit." I said.

"Well!, there goes the mood." Christel remarked.

We went into the bedroom to dry off. 

"Damn! your bed is big enough to sleep four or five people." Christel said.

"It has, I replied, but we didn't do much sleeping."

"I'll bet." She answered.

She glanced over at the clock and said, "shit, it's seven o'clock, I've been here over four hours, I better get going."

"Do you have plans for tonight?" I inquired.

"Not really, just some ramen and TV in my apartment," she replied.

"Stay here, I said, I have enough Ramen for two and some great wine."

"OK, if it's no problem for you." She said.

I gave her a shorty robe, took one for myself and we sat on the bed talking. 

The conversation came back to our security system and cameras, which really seemed to interest her.

"Has Dave seen you fucking a woman?" She asked.

"Oh yeah, like I said, he loves it and has many times participated with us." I answered.

"Lets make a movie for him, since we will probably be fucking all night anyway." She said.

"Sure, why not? I know he'll have the hots for you anyway and I have a new camera and very small remote, give me a minute to set it up." I offered.

"OK." She said.

I set it all up and lay down next to Christel on the bed, we untied and opened our robes, turned the camera on and I told Christel to introduce herself.

"Hi Dave, I'm Christel, as you can plainly see JuLee and I have become very close friends. 

I leave to visit my Brother and his wife tomorrow, as he's the only one in my family speaking to me, but JuLee and I will give you a fantastic threesome when I get back. JuLee has promised to teach me how to suck cock the Korean way, so get ready."

"Now you." she said.

"Hi honey, Isn't Cristel beautiful? look at her hard nipples, which I love to suck over and over."

I took one of her nipples in my mouth and sucked it, at the same time her finger went inside my pussy and slowly slid it in and out of me. 

She brought her wet finger up to my mouth and I slowly licked my juices from it.

I said, "Look at her lovely warm, wet pussy, I love to lick it, she tastes and smells so good."

Cristel said, "forget the camera, just fuck me."

We removed our robes and I laid Cristel down on her back and began kissing her face, ears and neck. 

Then kissing down her body, shoulders, tits, upper chest and stomach. Now I was at her hips and legs, her inner thighs were already wet, I purposely avoided her pussy. 

Now to her feet and up the other side. Just past her knees, I couldn't wait any longer, I had to taste her again.

I kissed and licked her inner thighs, parting her wet lips with my fingers and buried my nose and mouth in her warm wetness.

"Oh my fucking God, lick me, suck me, fuck me, fuck me, yes, yes." Cristel screamed as my tongue entered her, sliding in and out.

My hands went under her ass and she raised her hips allowing my tongue to probe deeper inside her. 

Her tiny ass hole was wet and I slid my finger into it.

"Yes, yes, deeper, deeper, fuck my ass, suck my clit, oh God make me cum hard for you, fuck me, fuck me." She yelled loudly.

Suddenly, her entire body shook, her thighs tightened around my head holding my face tightly to her pussy. 

She grabbed my hair and pulled as though she were trying to drag me inside her.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming, oh fuck me, fuck me, yes," she screamed at the top of her lungs as her body shook.

And then it was over, she was completely exhausted and spent. 

Her thighs relaxed and I calmly went about licking her pussy, savoring every drop.

"Oh fuck, did I hurt you?" She asked. 

"I didn't realize I pulled your hair so hard, but I totally lost it. I never felt this wild in my life." She added.

"No problem," I answered, but I hope the neighbors don't think I was trying to murder you."

We laid on our sides face to face talking. 

She slid her left arm under me and pulled me to her. I could feel our nipples touching as mine began to harden.

She kissed my eyes and ear and quietly said, "thank you, I never felt so wonderful in my life."

"I'm so sorry I pulled your hair and I don't know how to repay you for everything, I honestly and sincerely love you." She said.

I replied, "don't love me, there are miles of hard American cock out there waiting to fuck someone as beautiful and caring as you are." 

"You can repay me by making me scream as loudly as you did 10 minutes ago." I added.

"OK, you asked for it." She replied.

She rolled me over on my back, began kissing me and licking her juices off my face.

"Damn, you're right, I do taste pretty good." She said.

"You sure do." I answered.

My heart was pounding as she slowly kissed my neck and shoulders, and then she ever so lightly feathered my nipples with her tongue and lips.

"Please, please,suck them, suck them hard." I pleaded.

But she didn't, still very lightly, kiss, lick, kiss, lick, I was on fire and about half crazy.

I pushed her head down forcing my nipple into her mouth, "Suck it hard!" I demanded. 

Still she wouldn't, and continued licking.

"Please, please, I'll burn up if you don't suck me," I wailed, almost crying.

She raised her head, kissed me, smiled and said. 

"I want you to have the same feelings I did, I want you to cum all night."

Her wet, warm mouth was back on my nipples, first one then the other, kiss, lick, kiss, lick.

Finally, she began sucking. Oh God, my nipples were so hard they hurt as she sucked, but still it was heavenly.

She trailed her tongue between my breasts to my stomach, licking and kissing. Her entire body was between my widely spread legs. 

Her finger slid into me. Oh God, I loved it and didn't want this to ever end.

Her mouth and tongue were sucking and licking my clit.

"Oh, Oh! suck it harder, finger me faster, oh my fucking God!" I said as she pulled her finger out and smeared my juices on my mouth.

Knees bent,feet firmly planted on the bed, I raised my hips as far as possible to get more of her tongue inside me as she blew softly on my clit. 

Oh Shit!, I was out of control. "Fuck me, fuck me,

oh God,suck me, get into me." I screamed.

Her tongue was in me again licking, lapping and kissing, my pussy felt like it was on fire. 

I felt my body flush as I pulled her head closer, I shuddered violently.

"Oh fuck, yes, more, oh God! fuck me." I wailed, as my nails dug into her back.

My legs stiffened, my back arched as Cristel sucked my pussy and my fluids filled her mouth. Finally, I came, moaning loudly as she licked and sucked my juices.

This had been the female fuck of a lifetime. 

Exhausted, we fell asleep in each others arms.

We awoke early Sunday morning, our faces and bodies sticky with each others juices. 

Cristel smiled, kissed me and said, "That was the most wonderful night of my life, I'll never forget it."

We had completely forgotten the camera which, by now, had run out of battery power. I switched it off saying, "I hope we got it all."
