 This is Part 3 of my Juicy Asian Spa series. Make sure you've read Part 1 and 2.

Enjoy!

***

I woke up suddenly, as if a gunshot had woken me.

I was so exhausted after the second session that I had fallen asleep as soon as I had gotten to bed.

I rolled over and looked at the alarm clock by my bed.

It was 10 PM.

Damn, I had slept for almost 3 hours.

I sat up and stretched. I knew the time wasn't an issue, the first session had taught me that.

I went to the bathroom, yawning.

Ten minutes later, I picked up the remote and looked at it. 

The red PLEASURE button stared back at me, alluring.

Despite my previous sessions, I was hornier than ever. The thought that these beautiful women were there all the time, ready to pleasure me, was just too exciting.

I felt very tired, I could barely get up. But, damn it, I was going to have my third session.

I pressed the button eagerly, and lay back down, waiting.

I could hear my heart beating loudly in my ears.

After a few minutes, there was a knock on the door.

"I'm coming!" I said, wondering how the hell I was going to get up, I was still feeling pretty tired.

To my surprise, I heard the door open and close again.

I sat up a bit, puzzled.

I heard soft footsteps approaching.

Then, she entered my room and bowed curtly.

Just like the previous two Asian women, she was gorgeous. 

Her dark hair fell on her shoulders. 

Her skin was the color of milk.

Her doe eyes were dark and sweet. 

Her body was curvy and sensual. 

Her large breasts were almost begging to burst out of her maid outfit.

Her legs were elegant and covered in black, satin stockings.

Her feminine arms were bare. 

Her delicate, smooth hands held a buffer. 

She stood in front of me, smiling at me.

I could already feel my cock getting hard. And wet.

Like the others, she never spoke to me.

At first, she just dusted every corner of the room, almost ignoring me.

But she was really just exposing her body for me to appreciate.

She got on her toes, stretching her legs and showing me her perfect hourglass figure.

She bent down when dusting the drawer, and I had a stupendous view of her juicy, plump ass.

She dusted the TV, giving me a spectacular view of her boobs jiggling as she reached top of the screen.

After a while, she approached my bed and started fixing it up, straightening the sheets and smoothing the covers.

I had watched her silently the whole time. My dick was now rock hard.

When she fixed up my pillows, smiling at me, I looked down at her cleavage. 

Her large, natural breasts jiggled in front of me as she propped up my pillows for me, motioning me that I should sit up.

I sat up and leaned on the cushions, smiling back.

She looked down and saw my erection pushing its way through the sheets.

It was hard to miss.

With a mischievous, knowing smile, she held a finger in front of her lips and pointed towards the wall.

I understood. She was telling me that we shouldn't make too much noise, because there were other rooms next to mine.

I nodded.

She smiled again and started stroking my dick through the sheets.

I let out a groan. It wasn't loud but she still held a finger in front of her lips and giggled lightly.

It seems, this time around, the name of the game was being quiet. As if we could get caught.

It was an exciting game.

She kept on stroking, as I held in every grunt or word I might have.

After a moment, she pulled down the sheets.

There I was, sitting on my bed with my hard cock throbbing under my pajama pants.

She leaned over and propped my head on her large, smooth, wonderful breasts.

I eagerly stuck my face in her cleavage and started kissing it, licking it, stroking my face over it.

As I did this, she pulled down my pants, and my dick jumped out to meet the warm air of my room.

She started to caress it gently, lovingly.

For a few minutes we just remained like that. I kept pushing my face in her cleavage, in those heavenly mounds.

She stroked my cock gently, using both hands.

Then, she gently leaned back and released my cock.

I watched her, mesmerized, as she gently pulled a string in front of her maid outfit.

The top of her outfit was now loose, and she gently pulled it down, revealing her breasts.

They were perfect. Better than perfect.

They were soft and firm. Her nipples were of a somewhat dark shade of pink.

They were large and alluring and somehow slightly shiny, as if she had applied oil to them before coming to my room.

She smiled at me and sat on the bed.

She took out a small, green bottle and poured oil over my cock.

She closed the bottle and placed it back in her apron's pocket.

Then, she really got to work.

First, she resumed the stroking, with energy. She smiled at the sight of me biting my lip to avoid moaning.

Then, she started licking the tip of my cock as she kept on stroking.

I had to bite my hand to not let out a moan. It felt heavenly, and the oil made my whole cock feel warm and especially sensitive.

Then, she started sucking on it. At first it was slow and soothing, as she looked at me with those dark eyes.

Then, she closed her eyes and started bobbing her head up and down, with force.

Just as I thought this couldn't get any better, she placed her breasts around my shaft, and kept on sucking as her tits caressed my cock. She held them with her hands, as moved up and down and sucked my cock with her warm, wet mouth.

I was starting to feel close to coming.

She looked at me and smiled, sucking on the head of my cock.

She then released it from my mouth and started stroking it.

She now had one arm resting on the bed, while other stroked me. My cock was resting between her breasts, as she kept on stroking.

It seems this session would end with me coming on her gorgeous tits.

I was down for that.

She kept on stroking, as I admired her.

Her naughty smile. Her bright eyes. Her tits jiggling with every stroke of her hand.

As I started to feel my orgasm approaching, she started using both hand. Her breasts jiggled madly as her forearms shook them with each motion.

I could resister no longer. I came, hard and for a very long time.

When the first string of cum squirted out of my cock, I opened my mouth to moan or scream, but she uttered a single, stern "sshhh!" and that was enough for me to close my mouth, as my jaw clenched.

I came, silently and furiously, as I screamed inside my head. The pleasure was exquisite, unbelievable. Almost painful.

She kept stroking with both hands, as I admired her jiggly breasts and my cum kept squirting out.

It covered her breasts, her hands, her neck, her face. It even got some of her hair.

I just kept coming and coming, as she stroked me and smiled and closed her eyes with pleasure as my cum splattered all over her and started trickling down her face and neck and breasts.

It seemed to last for ages, but I finally calmed down. I hadn't moaned once. 

My breathing started slowing down, as her strokes became slower and gentler.

I had soaked her with my cum.

After a while, she released my cock.

She held her forearms in the air and smiled, showing off all the cum she had over her.

I smiled apologetically. 

She shook her head gently, as if to say "no need to apologize".

She motioned that I should lay down, so I did.

Then, she started licking her breasts, cleaning up my cum.

Another drop of it squirted out of me, admiring the sight.

She noticed and smiled, as she kept going.

Once her breasts were somewhat dry, she licked her hands.

Then, she leaned down and licked the cum from my softening cock and my stomach.

I almost moaned again, as she smiled at me and her tongue licked up every last drop.

Once I was clean, she dried me with her apron. 

Then, she dried her body and her face. Especially her face, since it still had plenty of cum on it. 

She pulled my pants back up and covered me with the bed sheets, tucking them in lovingly.

Then she bowed, pulled her outfit up again to cover her breasts, turned off the light and left the room.

I smiled at her and she returned the smile as I watched her round ass walking away.

I soon heard the door open and close again.

I let out a deep sigh of pleasure and looked at the time.

Midnight.

I smiled in the darkness, feeling satisfied and peaceful.

I was exhausted, but man was it worth it.

I started thinking about what the next sessions might be like.

However, before I knew it, I had already fallen asleep again.

END OF PART 3