 or The Reason I Love My Job

I

As I stared out the window, watching the snow pile up on the balcony, daring me to get off my ass and shovel it - I realized I'd have to if I wanted to get to my car and then to my dead end job. Maybe I could call the shop and tell them I was snowed in. They'd believe that, until the checked my address and saw I only lived 5 minutes away from the plant by foot. So, piling on more layers than a starving Roseanne at a gummy bears picnic, I dressed up and hopped my way over the snow banks. The sidewalks were clear and I was sure Spring would clear the snow away. In a few months.

I made my way to the entrance of the plant where I worked as a shipping clerk. The company specialized in assembling electrical harnesses for the automotive industry. I had the evening shift to play with - 3:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. - and it was kind of fun. All of the production employees were women. They always had a lewd remark for me as I walked by - being the only guy around they pretended I was the fuel of many a fantasy. That was okay, they were in most of my fantasies.

There was one woman however, who was in the fantasy of every man who lived in my little burg. Julia. She was my boss. A 5"2 inch, 127 pound blond vixen with a nice, round, bubbly butt and a set of 34c melons that just begged to be free of their bra. But those weren't the assets that turned most men's head and made her 42 year old boyfriend the envy of the town - it was her walk. Actually, it was more of a swagger. Many women have this sensual way of moving their hips as they walk, each step a preview of what might be. Julia's movements, however, were not a preview; they promised to whomever had the chance of getting her in bed that they wouldn't be able to walk for a week. Her hips would sway from side to side like a hypnotic erotic metronome; each movement of her arms and torso was a cross between a ballet dance and a lap-dance. And she always smelled good. Would I say that I was turned on by her? Yes. Did I ever try to get her into bed? No. But Julia knew I was attracted to her - and she liked to tease me with that information.

As we both worked on the evening shift, we often stayed after the normal hours to go over paperwork and review the shipping schedules for the following day. Once that was done, we ended up talking about our favorite subject: sex. It all started when we ended up talking about our execs. At one point in time, she put her hand in her pants to adjust her panties. "I love talking to you Will. You make me feel so fucking comfortable."

That was a while ago. For the past few nights Julia's been more pensive than usual. As I datemarked and filed the last of the days waybills, Julia sauntered into my office and sat on the corner of my desk. She crossed her legs and let feet dangle, sometimes brushing up against my thigh. "Can we talk?" she asked.

"Yeah. Sure. What's on your mind?"

Julia jumped off my desk and began to pace around the office nervously. She sat down, got up, sat... After a few minutes, she tapped me on shoulder. "I thought we were going to talk. But you're still reading that goddamned form."

I spun my chair around to face her. "Listen sweetheart," I said, taking her hand and squeezing it. "I'll listen when you stop buzzing around like a doped up fly."

"Sorry," she said as she sat down on a chair opposite to me. She took a deep breath, chewed a bit on her lower lip, and finally spoke: "I'm bored."

Upon hearing that, I jumped on my desk and did a routine worthy of any average looking Chippendales. Julia laughed out loud and motioned me to get down. "That's not what I mean, you idiot," she struggled to say between chuckles. "It's Michael. My life. This job. I'm 28 and I'm settled down with a 6 year old daughter and a 42 year old boyfriend. Where did my life go, Will?"

"Did you look behind your desk?" I asked in all seriousness. My way of dealing with uncomfortable subjects: jokes.

"Quit fooling around. I feel like there's nothing happening. Every choice I make is for someone else. But I want something that's mine. Am I selfish?"

I sat back down and set my elbows on my knees. "Julia. I don't think wanting something all to yourself makes you selfish. I'm no psychologist, but you sound like you're stuck in a rut. You just need to add a little spice to your life."

She got up and went to the door. She ran her fingers through her long blond hair. "You think that's all it is. I'm bored because ... well, I'm bored?"

"That's how it seems to me. Hey, why don't you have an affair with me. I'm Michael's complete opposite. You've never seen me naked, and I've imagined you naked often enough..."

"Shut up, you goof! You're the closest thing I have to a brother!" Julia exclaimed and went on her way, her swagger back to its old self. I sat, trance like, staring at the dance of her beautiful ass. I loved Julia as my friend, but I also loved the sexual hot house flower that she was.

II

The following week, as we neared the beginning of Spring, Julia's life changed. Change came in the form of a new employee: Antonio Ramiro. Antonio was a Cuban immigrant, and the embodiment of the Latin lover. He moved among the female employees like a wolf through bedazzled sheep. Each word was steeped in a sultry Spanish accent. Each gesture was a rhythmic invitation to salsa and lambada; he was so hot that even I had trouble taking my eyes off him. But the most striking thing about him - other than a massive physique and charismatic smile - was his amber head. Antonio kept his head shaved bald; add that to a bronze skin tone and you had a man who looked like a walking statue.

Soon, he and Julia were spending more and more time together. Since she was the boss, she chose him every time she had a special duty to have done. Alas, that was a position I once had to myself.

Then, the day came. It was a day I apprehended. Again, staying late as we often did, I saw Julia go off with Antonio. It was the first time I had ever noticed him staying after the rest of the employees left.. They disappeared behind her office door. I thought about what they were doing in that small office. I imagined Julia's head shaking from side to side as waves of hot pleasure flowed from her honey pot to fill her limbs with ecstatic energy. I imagined her full lips surrounding a stiff cock as she licks and sucks it dry of the last drop of come she could taste. I imagined her firm tits pushed up against a hard chest as she plunges her tongue into a hungrily awaiting mouth. I imagined myself in Antonio's stead, sharing my body with Julia's.

I was shaken from my reverie when Julia and Antonio left her office five minutes after going in. Julia's lips were pursed tight while Antonio wore an apologetic smile while his hands were raised in a What can I say? gesture. He let his hands drop to her shoulders and kissed her on the forehead. She watched him walk to his locker and after he left, she made a beeline for my office.

"Will," she said as she hoisted herself on the edge of my desk. "Do you know how to fuck in a chair?"

I put my hands on the desk and slid my chair deeper under it. I had on a loose fitting pair of khaki cargoes and my cock was still erect from my fantasy of a few minutes ago. I didn't want my desire for her to be too obvious. "Well, if I'm sitting down and you straddle me ... I think we could get some decent action going on." I suddenly realized that I must have been pretty flushed as my breathing became heavier.

"That's what I thought," she said. She hopped off the desk, and before I could do anything, she had pulled my seat out, spun it around and straddled me. She lowered herself onto my lap and put her arms around my neck.

"Julia..." I muttered as the proximity of her skin and her scent made my cock wiggle frantically. I was frozen with embarrassment and desire as she rolled her pelvis around, apparently savoring my hard-on.

"There," she said with a satisfied grin. "I knew a guy shouldn't have any problem getting it up even if he was sitting down. Did you know Antonio gave me some lame excuse about not enough blood getting to his dick? You don't seem to have that problem."

"Euhhh..."

"What?" Julia asked in all earnest. When she realized she was giving me a lap dance, she took her time sliding off. "I'm sorry. But the bastard just got me so hot and ready that I just had to do something sexual after he left me hi and dry. You don't mind, do you?"

"You're kidding, right?" I asked as I regained my composure. "This is the closest I've come to having an orgasm that didn't involve my hand in almost a year!"

"That's funny, y'know," Julia said as she left my office. She paused in the doorway and looked over her shoulder; her hair fell seductively over her eyes. She looked a bit like a caged animal. "I can pretty much say the same thing. Lock up, okay?"

As Julia picked up her coat and left the building, I pondered what had just happened. I felt that we had just hit a turning point in our relationship, and that from now on nothing would be the same.

III

The following evening, the tension between Antonio and Julia was palpable. She had decided not to spend the evening working by his side. So, while Antonio worked quietly at his station, installing rubber seals on the tips of wire extensions and smiling indulgently at the other employees, I sneaked up next to him and slapped him on the shoulder.

"Antonio, m'man," I chimed. "How are you?"

"I am fine, William," he said. He tipped his head slightly and his smile slowly disappeared. "Can I help you?"

"No. I thought I could help you."

Antonio turned to face me and crossed his legs and his arms. "I just thought I could give you some advice when it comes to Julia," I said. "This is a once in a lifetime chance you have. Don't let her slip through your fingers."

He stood and walked over to pick up another bags of seals. "I don't think what we do is any of your business."

"Julia seems to think so. She pretty much told me you guys were having an affair. So, if you're going to do it... I'm thinking you should do it right."

"William, are you married?" he asked as he sat back down.

"No."

"I have a wife and daughter back in Cuba. I haven't seen them in 6 months. The idea of fucking Julia is killing me..."

"She wants you."

"I know, I know. I want her to. But this is never an easy thing. But I'm sure something will happen." His smile broadened and he ran his hand over his freshly shaved head. "Oh, yes. Something will happen."

I raised an eyebrow as he went back to work with a wicked smirk across his face. For a split second, I thought he was considering raping her. A look of horror washed across my face.

"What?" he exclaimed. "Oh, don't worry. The only thing that will happen is that I will take her out for dinner next week."

"Good. From the smile on your face, I thought you had something more sinister up your sleeve."

"The only sinister thing I may do is do her ass. If she's willing."

With a chuckle, he went back to concentrating on his work while I suddenly thought about how tight Julia's asshole must be. I'd never been really interested in anal sex, but the thought of buttfucking Julia was mighty intriguing. I went back to my office to fantasize for awhile.

IV

Tuesday night, Julia had phoned me to say she was taking the evening off. When I arrived at work, I noticed Antonio was conspicuously missing as well. So this is the big night, I thought to myself. I must have thinking to myself a lot that evening as I drove the forklift into the wall. The damage was limited to two small holes at the bottom of the loading dock.

The holes stuck out like flaring nostrils caught in mid breath. I went over to the storeroom, yanked out some dry wall compound and decided that I might as well stay late and repair the damage I'd caused. However, I didn't get a chance to fix the wall until the end of the shift. Everybody was asking me questions about Antonio and Julia. I'd never realized that the rumor of their affair was so pervasive. I wondered if Julia's boyfriend, Michael, had had wind of it. I prayed not.

As I struggled to get the drywall container open, I watched the others leave. They spoke quietly, huddled together, sharing cigarettes and secrets. I bent down to clear some of the cracked wall structure when suddenly everything went silent. I looked up and saw Julia walk into the shop.

She wore an ankle length leather coat that she left open. As she walked towards her office, she displayed black leather pumps with 4 inch stiletto heels. I stood and watched her remove her coat when she went inside. I made my way slowly towards her doorway, letting the spatula fall to the ground. She stood there with her hands on her hips; I blinked rapidly as I scanned the black leather mini that barely ended beneath her buttocks. She removed the red vest she wore over a camisole like top that was laced up the side. From the exposed skin, I discovered she had no bra on.

"Oh," she exclaimed as she turned around at the sound of my dragging footsteps. "There you are. I was hoping I'd catch you." She pulled at the tie that bound her hair in a ponytail, and winced when she pulled some hair while removing it. She shook her head wildly from side to side. "Are you okay?"

I could only stand in the doorway, weak kneed as I followed each of her gestures and breathed in her perfume. "You look breathtaking," I said quietly.

"Thanks," she said with a flick of her hair. "I was supposed to have dinner with Antonio, but he stood me up."

"Shh!" I snapped and jogged to the main door. I peeked outside and made sure the parking lot was empty. I saw Julia's reflection in the small door window. She went over to my office. I ran to catch up with her.

"He didn't show," I said between gasps as she slowly let herself sink into my desk chair. She seemed to savor the feeling of the soft materiel against her bare thighs. "But he told me something was going to happen."

"Well, something did happen. He called me at the restaurant. He had to leave for Cuba tonight. Apparently, his daughter was sick." She leaned back and rested her head in her hands. "He has a daughter."

"He never told you?" I asked as I climbed onto the edge of the desk.

"You knew?"

"Yeah. But I got the feeling he'd told you."

"No. He left me hi and dry again. But at least I can respect his reason. Now, I'm all horny, dressed to kill, and I have nobody to help me out of my clothing." She slipped one of her pumps off and ran her foot slowly up my inner thigh until it rested on my crotch.

"Miss Julia Haydn, are you trying to seduce me?"

Julia moved her foot up and down, lightly caressing my cock. "What if I am?"

I took her foot in my hands and slowly massaged it. Even her toes were sexy. "Why now?"

"Does it really matter?"

"No. I guess not. Just as long as it's happening now."

I kneeled in front of her and began to gently kiss her toes while I slipped her other pump off. I massaged her right foot while brining her left foot to mouth so I could slip my tongue between her toes and taste her slightly bitter sweat. I stood, causing Julia to slump in the chair. She giggled madly as I sucked on each of her toes, one after the other.

Going back down on my knees, I started to lightly kiss my way up her calves, switching from one leg to the other. When I reached her thighs, I traced the path from one kiss to the next with my tongue, leaving a small trail of saliva that lead up to her panties - lovely black lace impregnated with the smell of her love juices. I took a deep whiff, fully savoring her musky aroma. I pushed her skirt up and rested my face in her pussy while she ran her fingers through my hair.

"Good God, what are you waiting for?" she gasped.

"I want you to invite me," I whispered in a raspy voice as I nuzzled her pubic hair. "Ask me."

"Would you eat me," she said, pulling tightly at my hair. "Make me come with your mouth... your tongue... your fingers..."

"Do you want it done in that particular order?"

She looked down at me and started to chuckle. But her laughter soon turned to moans after I pulled her panties aside and plunged my tongue deep into her cunt. Julia's legs trembled as I moved up in down inside of her while making small circles with my thumb around her sensitive clit. I moved my tongue out of her and let it dance with her love button while I felt my way inside her moist tunnel with my finger.

As she threw her head and grunted in pleasure, I reached down to my belt for a small holster where I kept a utility knife. She froze when she felt the tool rest coldly against her side. Her lower lip trembled when I popped the blade out.

"You always tell me to use this when I unwrap a special package," I nonchalantly added as I started to cut the various laces that held her top together. I told her to hold still as I sliced away at the fabric, all the while keeping a finger in her cunt. She sighed in relief after I cut the last strap and then tossed the knife over my shoulder. I helped Julia to her feet and peeled the fabric off her, exposing her chest. Her nipples were hard and pointy, standing proudly dark against her pale skin. I took one in my mouth, pinching it firmly with my lips while I massaged the other one between my index and middle finger.

Julia tugged at my hair and started to lick my ear. I heard and felt it dart in and out. That drove me crazy and I heaved her up onto my desk. Pushing her legs apart, I went back down to her cunt and licked her lips and clit until she held my head tight between her thighs and came.

After a few minutes to catch our breath, Julia grabbed my shoulders and I helped her off the desk. We stood facing each other. "A kiss?" she asked coyly.

"Oh hell, why not," I answered and for the first time in the two years we'd known each other, Julia and I kissed. As our tongues mingled together, Julia grabbed my shirt collar and pulled violently to the sides, sending the buttons flying. Still kissing, she pinched my nipples, causing me to moan. She seemed to swallow the sound out of my throat.

Then, it was her turn. She twisted me around so that I could be up against the desk, and she kissed her way down from my neck to my waist. She paused at times to rub her face in my chest hair; she blew lightly in my navel as she undid my belt. When she pulled my jeans and my jockey briefs down, she smiled at the sight of my stiff member.

"Bigger than I expected," she chuckled. "Do you know how to use it?"

"So I've been told."

"We'll see about that. But first..." her words trailed off as she slid the head of my cock into her mouth. She played with it, twirling it around with her tongue. When she started to pump me, I caught my breath, afraid I would lose control and come right away. I closed my eyes and lost myself in the feeling of Julia's tongue and lips tracing the shape of my meat. As she danced across my cock's surface, she began to cup and tickle my balls; sometimes, she paused, moving away from my dick to take my balls in her mouth. They weren't clean shaven, but she didn't seem to mind. One, then the other, I felt them pop in and out of her mouth. I moaned and groaned to the rhythm of her ministrations.

I opened my eyes and we locked visions. Julia took me out of her mouth and began to jerk me off slowly; at the same time, her middle finger slipped between my butt cheeks and she softly tickled my asshole. When my knees started to buckle and my face flushed - I was so close to coming - she jammed her finger up my ass, forcing me to thrust my hips forward into her awaiting mouth. She then suddenly pulled back and pinched hard the base of my cock. It spasmed, then fell silent.

"No yet, Will. When you come, it's going to be in me. And we're going to come together."
