 We cleaned up to go home. After packing everything up we hopped on the subway. The car was completely packed. I remembered one of Larry’s fantasies.

I reached over a nonchalantly brushed my hand against his cock. He gasped. I took my hand away, searching the faces of other travelers to see if they noticed. Everyone was oblivious. Once more I reached over, but this time gave him a good firm squeeze.

The train came to a stop and the doors opened. As some got off we were pushed to the corner, the car becoming completely full again. While shifting I looked and there was a noticeable bulge in Larry’s jeans. 

Squished into the corner I became more bold with my movements. Facing him my hand traced down his stomach and up his shirt. I felt those strong abs I’ve always oogled. Going down I reached the button on his jeans and opened it. I undid the zipper just enough to get my hand into his pants.

“ohhhhh” Larry moaned.

I knew he was getting off on this. He’s always fantasized about getting it on on the subway. 

The door opened and I rotated my body to hide what we were doing, keeping my hand on his now throbbing piece of meat. Slowly I glided my hand over his head and down his fat shaft. Reaching low I slightly scratched his balls with my fingernail. I saw the desire in his face.

The train stopped and I quickly zipped Larry’s pants. Walking through the station he kept closely behind me in efforts to hide his boner. It didn’t help that’s I’d stop short and rub my shapely ass against his crotch.

We went up the stairs and he grabbed my ass. “That is such a beautiful piece of work! Jules, I need you now.”

Outside, we tried to figure out where we could go. Slightly shivering, Larry put his coat around me and pulled me close for a kiss. He tasted too good. I pushed my tongue into his mouth. He pulled away.

Gently leading me we walked down the street. There was a convenient alley way. We ducked into it. Knowing whoever passed us was able to see, I took off his jacket and put it over my head. Getting on my knees, I undid his pants and took out his rock hard dick. Turning so his back was towards the street, it looked like he was taking a piss into the alley.

We both knew this was a quickie. In one gulp I deep throated his cock. Sucking while swirling my tongue around his head, I knew Larry wasn’t going to last long. Thrusting his hips and fucking my face, I grabbed his balls and started milking him like a cow. I was rewarded with his juices, flowing quickly down my throat.

I licked and sucked his dick dry, putting it away and standing up. Larry took my face in his hands and kissed me hard, tasting his cum that was still in my mouth. He walked me back to my dorm and I invited him up.

Lucky for me my roomie was not there. I stripped my cute little outfit off.

“Make me SCREAM your name!” I commanded Larry.

He jumped on top of me. Kissing me hard he fondled my tit, roughly grabbing it and squeezing hard. Sucking and biting my tongue I was in heaven. His lips left mine and I whimpered. It was replaced with a moan as he gave that treatment to my breast.

Sucking like a baby who hasn’t eaten for days Larry did a number on my tit. Almost eating the flesh of my breasts his hand was savagely fondling my other.

“Ohhhh Larry, I’m so close. Ohhhhhh,mmmmm”

Just then he stopped. My pussy was then attacked by his tongue. Lapping from my hole to my throbbing clit like a cat, Larry was working his oral magic. His tongue slammed into my honey pot and I screamed.

“C’mon baby, I am comin, I’m comin on your face.”

He plunged three fingers at a rapid pace in and out of my hole. I started to cum.

“Ohhhhhhhh, MMMMMM, don’t stop fucking me!!”

He then starting tonguing my clit with a passion and I started cumming on top of my other orgasm.

“AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” I screamed, feeling as if my groin was going to explode.

As my orgasm subsided he used more force to fuck me with his finger and bit my clit. I came again. It felt like I came for the next ten minutes straight.

“Oh Larry, that was wonderful!” I exclaimed. 

After redressing and laying in his arms for a little while, we fell asleep. I awoke the next day to get ready and go to class, resetting my alarm for him.