 We clean up and get out of the shower. I get dressed and so does he.

“What do you want to do today?” Larry asks me.

“Let’s go for a walk.” I reply.

We decided to go to central park for a picnic and a walk. We pack the basket and walk to my dorm for me to get changed into fresh clothes. It is a beautiful spring day and my outfit reflects that. I put on white lace panties and white pants. I slip into my sexy yellow and pink bra and put on a melon colored V-neck that shows just enough boob, but not too much.

When I emerge Larry is speechless. His eyes grope my body, looking at the curves here and there. I smile and as I walk by towards the door he grabs my ass.

“I have waited to long to do that!” He says.

We catch the train and get to the park. We sit by the water and each the lunch packed. I lay on my stomach, facing him, my boobs open to his gaze. He tries to be suave, but I know he is looking. I reach over him and brush my hand against his cock. It was hard! His pants did a good job of hiding that one!

He invited me to get a back rub, so I sat in front of him, my ass between his legs. As his hands expertly massaged my back I moaned and purred praises. I felt his cock growing and pushed my ass against him to further his agony.

“Oh, Larry, that feels so nice. I love it when you touch me and rub me down.” I say.

After this I push again against his dick and hear his sigh in discomfort. I was really turning him on. As he was rubbing my back a hand would accidentally feel up a boob or two. This was getting me really hot too. 

It was only about one o’clock and there weren’t too many in the park, granted the children were in school. I had an idea. I stood up. Larry quickly used his hands to hide and adjust his hardon.

“C’mon, follow me.” I said.

“Can’t we wait until my hardon goes down?” Larry begs.

“Oh I love it when you beg, but with me in this shirt that isn’t going away for a while. Let me take care of it.”

I take his hand and lead him to this secluded part of the trees I knew of. Nobody in the park was young enough to dare to go into there.

Once we were safely out of sight I jumped on him and started kissing him passionately. I pressed my body hard against his and ground my pussy into his bulge. Feeling it twitch made me so hot.

I assaulted his tongue with mine, seeking to get further and further into his mouth. I was so fucking horny. He squeezed my tits hard, savagely pulling at them. Larry fondled my nipples and I was in heaven. I felt so natural. 

With all this rugged attention on my breasts I needed his cum to fill me. I kicked off my sandals and took my pants off, placing them both on the ground, but close by incase someone came. I saw the drool on his lip when he saw my lacy white boycut panties.

He attacked my panty-clad pussy with his mouth. Sucking my lips covered with lace. He grabbed my ass; making me so hot I was about to explode. He took the panties off and put them on top of the pants, leaving me naked from the bellybutton down. He jutted his tongue into my hole, caressed my ass and then sucked on my clit. I came on his face. My juices ran down his chin and he continued pleasing me.

When I was almost done climaxing he shoved three fingers inside my honey pot and flicked my clit with his tongue, then slightly biting it and I came again. He pinched my ass as I was cumming which prolonged it even more.

As I recovered he sucked the cum off his fingers. I then licked my juices off his face. It was his turn. I went to take off his pants, but Larry had another idea.

He dropped his pants as quickly as he could, boxers in the same action and his throbbing hunk of meat popped out, standing tall, long and proud. Before I could touch it he lifted me up against the tree, holding my legs up and shoved it in with one big, hard, horny thrust.

I came again. Feeling that thick sausage up my cunt made me ooze juices all over his member. He gave me a few moments to recover and started thrusting up into me. The bark of the tree scratching against my back felt so good.

I wrapped my legs around him, depending on his body hitting mine to keep me in the air on this tree. We fuck hard, grunting and moaning, feeling very animalistic. He starts going faster and faster and I can feel him getting ready to cum.

I grab his back and lift up his shirt. I grunt and tell him to cum on me. I scratch his back with my nails and cum as I feel his load shoot up into me.

We are exhausted because that was such a good fuck. As we are about to put our clothes back on we hear a rustle in the leaves and I see a foot….