 We scrambled for our clothes. In the heat of passion we forgot to be careful. The park was pretty empty, but apparently not entirely. I threw my pants on, shoving my panties in my purse. Larry pulled his pants and boxers up in one quick action, almost as fast as he had taken them off.

As the man came through the path I saw a uniform on him.

“Fuck, it’s a cop!” I say to Larry.

Studying him more I notice the huge bulge in his pants.

“Hello there folks.” The officer says. “I think you are going to have to come with me.”

“What seems to be the problem?” I innocently ask.

“I have had my eye on you since you’ve gotten here. You two were the only ones in my section of the park. An innocent back rub didn’t seem bad, but then I saw things getting dirty. This public sex act is against the law!”

I approached him and touched his arm. “Oh, officer, we knew there was nobody, especially no children around. Don’t you find this setting even a little exciting?” I ask, glancing down at his throbbing package.

“Well, it isn’t my job to do what I want, I need to follow the law.” He replies.

I ask the officer, “Is there anything I can do to not pay a fine?” and boldly grab his penis. Larry’s eyes almost came out of his eyes when he saw this.

“Follow me.” The officer said.

He led us into a deeper part of the woods until we came across a fence with a sign on it that said “Personnel Only!” He opened the gate and we walked a few hundred feet. I was holding Larry’s hand and the officer was behind us, but I could feel his eyes. Suddenly I felt him grab my ass.

I turned around and he leaned into me and kissed me. He stripped my shirt off of me and feasted his eyes on my breasts. Now Larry always liked to watch, so he casually sat by the nearest tree and pulled out his cock.

“That is a hot bra!” the officer exclaims when he sees my pink and yellow number. I can tell by Larry’s cock twitching that he agrees. 

My lips are again assaulted by the officer’s. He reaches around with one hand expertly pops my bra off. My enormous breasts bounce out as he tosses the garment at Larry. His hands harshly grope my rack followed by his mouth on one. He bites my nipple.

“ohhhh, officer, I love it when you do it rough.” I exclaim. I then take off his hat and wear it. He sucks my tit hard. “Mmmmmm, that feels good.”

“Now young lady, I’ve been watching you all day because you are so hot. It has really gotten me hard.” He says as he thrusts mi package against my belly. “Do you feel that? It is for you. I’ve been fantasizing about ramming my 8 inch cock up your tight cunt all afternoon. If you don’t want a ticket for public sex acts you’ll do what I say.”

“Yes, officer”

“Call me sir.”

“mmmm, yes sir.”

At that he ordered me to strip off my pants. He watched closely and started at my shaved cunt.

“Bend over.”

I did as he said and he got on his knees and started lapping at my cunt.

“Ohhhhhh, officer, my pussy feels so nice right now.”

He slapped my ass (which only got me hotter).

“Call me sir.!”

“Yes sir! Sir, please ram that huge piece of man meat up my cunt!”

With that he ordered me to grab on to the tree Larry was leaning up against. I walked over, bent, and grabbed the tree. My left tit was right by Larry’s face. He licked it and flicked my nipple, then biting it. I saw his cock was ready to explode!

I heard the officer drop his pants. The next thing I felt was a slap on the ass.

“Ohh, sir, that makes me so wet for you!”

I felt him rub the shaft of his cock up and down my slit. I purred. He then grabbed my hips and shoved it up my hole. It filled me all the way.

“Ohhhh Julia, your hot little cunt is so tight and so wet for me.”

With that he started pounding me hard. My tits were swinging back and forth from the motion. He leaned forward and took each of my breasts into one of his hands. He started pulling each nipple hard and massaging my breasts. I was in heaven.

All you could hear were my moans, the officer’s grunts and the sound of his balls slapping against me and he pounded my pussy.

He removed his hands from my breasts and I whimpered. Then I felt smack on the ass.

“You will not get upset, you will let me fuck you how I want!”

“Yes sir, its just that your manly hands felt so good on my tits.”

He started playing with them again for a while. I felt his cock twitch and new he was coming close. He fondled my tits some more, giving them one last good, hard squeeze and then placing his hands on my hips so he could fuck me hard.

Ramming his prick into my cunt, using my hips to pull me harder on top of him, the officer was grunting hard.

“Oh yeah, you sexy thing, wrap your pussy around my cock. Come on, baby, cum with me ::grunt grunt::”

With that he took one hand and flicked my clit. Clit being fondled, breasts swinging and pussy being relentlessly pounded I came. 

“Oh yeah, baby, cum on my dick. Ohhh, ohhhhhh, milk my cock. Ummmm, ohhhhhh YEAH!” the officer exclaimed as he came in my cunt.

As I recover from that amazing orgasm I realized my tits we wet. I look down and there was Larry, laying there spent with his limp cock in his hand.

“I always knew you were a voyeur” I said to him. Larry smiled.