 One of my jobs at the police department, is to oversee security functions at our local sports arena. Well, the big events, anyway. Things like..... concerts. Our venue seats 15,000, so we get some pretty good acts there. One of our secretaries in the office is always after me to get her in for free. Her and her friends, that is.

Julie is a huge flirt, and is always wearing clothes that show off her best features. She also knows that I'm a devout leg man, so she has a good idea of what she has to do to get what she wants from me. She sits across from my desk, crosses her legs, and lets her dress ride up.... way up! "Rickie...." (that's what she calls me when she wants something!) "I need to get me and 3 others in to see the concert next week..." she starts out, and lets her hem ride up. 

She has great legs, and always wears nylons. She used to wear pantyhose all the time, but I asked her to wear a garter belt and sheer stockings, and she wears them now. Not every day, but frequently. 

Then, she gets up and walks over next to me, and stands there as if she's looking at something on my desk. That gives me the opportunity to run my hand up between her sexy legs, above her stocking tops, to her pussy. She lets me stroke her, finger her, play with her, and then she leans over and rubs my hard cock in my pants. 

She unzips my pants and takes my cock out, and starts to stroke it. She coos in my ear as she jacks me off... "Come on, Rickie.... Cum for me...!" And I do. But that's it. That's all I've ever got from her in the past... a hand job. But... the Dixie Chicks were coming to town, and here she was, crossing her legs for me again. But, you know what? I was done with hand jobs, and feeling her legs and pussy. It was time to turn up the heat on our arrangement. 

When she got up and walked around to the side of my desk, I didn't reach down to her leg. I just sat there. She tried to pull my chair back so she could get to my dick, but I refused to budge. "What's wrong, Rickie?" she asked. 

"Well, Julie honey," I started, "this is a big show, and I don't think I can get you in this time." 

"What?" she whined. "But, I've already told my husband and our friends that we were in!" 

I then told her that she'd just have to break the news to them that they were 'out.' 

"Come on, Rickie," she purred, "I know you can do it," she said as she rubbed her nyloned leg against my arm.

"Nope.... too risky!" I told her. 

Now, Julie is not stupid. In the past, I'd been trying to get her to let me fuck her, or at least get a blow job from her, and she steadfastly refused to cross those lines. 

I could hear the gears turning in her head, and finally she said, "At five thirty, come up to my office." "Why?" I challenged. "Cause... when everybody leaves, I'm gonna change your mind!" and with a click of her high heels, she walked out the door.

I couldn't wait 'til 5:30, but just to make it hard on her, I waited until 5:45! When I walked into her office, she said, "Close the door, and lock it!" I did, and she said "Sit down." I complied. She got up and walked from behind her desk. When she was standing in front of me, she reached behind her and unzipped her dress, letting it pool around her feet. 

She stepped out of it and unhooked her bra, dropping it as well. Her panties quickly followed. Now, she was wearing only her garter belt, stockings and 3" stiletto heels. 

Julie then dropped to her knees and spread my legs. She unzipped my pants and slid them down on off my legs. My shoes, socks and boxers quickly followed. She eased my rock hard cock up toward her mouth and started stroking it. Then, without taking her eyes from mine, she leaned forward and licked the pre-cum from the head. She licked it clean, and then backed off. 

"Well?" "Well what?" I challenged. 

"Will this get me what I want?" I just looked at her for a minute, and then answered her. "Only if you swallow!" I told her. Her mouth opened, and she plunged her face down on my hard pole. She tightened her lips around it and moved up and down at a rapid pace. 

As she sucked me, I moved my bare feet around to where I could rub her stocking clad legs, enjoying immensely the electric feeling of the sheer nylon. After a few minutes of that, I just pushed her back until she was lying on the floor with her legs spread. 

"You gonna fuck me, Rickie? I thought you wanted me to swallow your cum?" she asked, and I just mover over her, allowing her to guide my cock to her hot, wet pussy. Once it was lined up, I just fell on her, burying my 9" cock deep in her. She moved her legs up around me and locked her feet behind me, her high heels still on. 

We fucked like that for several minutes, and I finally felt the end welling up in me. I just pulled out and moved up on her chest, lining my cock up with her open mouth. She leaned her head up and captured the head of my cock, her tongue sliding all over and around it. 

Man, this girl could suck a cock, that's for sure! She pushed my hands off, and grabbed the shaft, stroking it while she sucked. I moved my now idle hands to her stocking clad legs, and caressed them as she sucked my cock. 

That was enough to push me over the edge, and I shot a huge load of cum into her mouth. She nearly choked, but was able to swallow it before the next spurt hit her. Four or five more streams made their way into her mouth, and she held the last mouthful until I got off of her. She leaned up and kissed me hard on the mouth, pushing her cum-coated tongue into my mouth. 

When she was done, I told her I would return the favor, and she just laid back and spread her legs. I kissed her nyloned knee, and worked my way up.... past her stocking top, along her garter strap, until I was at her crotch. 

I just licked her lips for a few seconds, and she grabbed my head, forcing my face into her drenched pussy. I slid my tongue as far into her as I could, my fingers working on her clit. Soon, she was moaning loudly as I plunged my tongue deeper. 

Then, as I could sense she was almost there, I moved up and sucked her clit in my mouth, my lips and tongue really working her over. That did it! Her thighs locked my head in place, and she started cumming. 

I kept moving my mouth on her, and she kept humping my face. She almost smothered me! As she came down from her sexual high, I kept licking her, until she pushed me off. "No more, Rick... I can't stand it!"

I finally pulled back, and we stayed like that for a few minutes, her head on my chest. She asked me how many I could get in for her, and I just told her, "Well, you just paid for one, so I guess it just depends on how many more times you want to do a repeat performance." 

I smiled, and so did she, as she said.... "Bastard!"