 Julianna was having fun. Her friends had convinced her to go out and as she sipped on her second drink of the night, she had to admit she was glad they did. She couldn't help but notice all of the cute guys in the bar and the alcohol was definitely having an effect. She had made her friends promise to keep an eye on her if she got too drunk because when that happens, she tends to let loose and get a little wild. The fact that her sex drive is stronger than just about any man's doesn't help. Maybe she would call her regular fuck buddy, Tommy, just to satisfy that need. He's usually available and many nights when the clock strikes 12, that's where she finds herself. 

No, tonight would be different, she told herself. Tonight she would just drink and maybe meet a nice guy and talk. That was the plan and she was sticking to it. As she was enjoying her fourth drink (a very dangerous number for her), a guy came over and introduced himself as Bill. Julianna thought to herself that he was just perfect. Clean cut, nice, very cute with dark hair and what looked like a solid build. Very nice. 

Bill on the other hand was thinking to himself how hot this 5 foot, 130 lbs tan brunette was looking in her tight jeans and low cut top. The tops of her tan breasts tantalizing and her round ass filling out the jeans perfectly. He had a feeling that this girl was hotter than she looked and his cock twitched at the thought of finding out if he was right. He would just lay on the charm and keep buying drinks in the hope of finding out.

After a few drinks, Julianna was starting to get a little tipsy and very horny like she knew she always does when she drinks. When Bill suggested doing some body shots at his place, she knew she shouldn't but the temptation was overwhelming and the throbbing of her little pussy could not be denied. She wanted to say no but instead find herself not only saying yes but suggesting going to her apartment since it was closer to the bar. 

When Bill heard this, he just thought to himself that he was right. Julianna might look innocent but soon he would be doing anything he wanted to her sexy body. The way her hands ran up and down his arms and shoulders as they drove to her place only helped with that assumption. 

For her part, Julianna was just thinking how hard his body felt and how moist her pussy was starting to get. She had hoped to maintain some control tonight but her natural instincts were starting to come through and soon she knew she would just need to be fucked and fucked well. She hoped Bill would be up to the challenge.  

When they got back to her place, Julianna found a body of tequila and asked Bill if he wanted a drink. Bill just grabbed her and pulled her in for a hard kiss. His passion surprised Julianna as she was not expecting such an aggressive act from a "nice" guy like this. But her body's response could not be ignored as his hands moved over her body, one cupping a breast and the other taking a firm grip on her perfect ass. Any self control she had was all but gone as she returned his kiss and moved her hands between them to feel how turned on he was. She thought to herself "nice" once again as his cock was rock hard in his jeans and from what she could tell, he had more than enough to satisfy her. 

Bill pulled away from their kiss and smiled down at Julianna and asked if she wanted to see what she was going to get. She nodded yes as she watched him unzip his jeans and slowly pull his cock out. Julianna smiled at the site of his 7 inch, very fat cock. When he told her to take a closer look, any pretense of self control was gone as she sank to her knees and wrapped her hand around the shaft. Her hand barely fit around its girth and she took the head into her hot, wet mouth. Julianna was very skilled at giving head and her body was now on fire as she sucked a little more of his cock in. 

As he wrapped his hands in Julianna's hair, Bill thought to himself that this was just perfect. Julianna's hot mouth felt so good on his cock and his aggressive nature was beginning to take over. Julianna couldn't help but notice this as she felt his hands first grabbing at her hair and then reaching down to grope at her breasts. His fingers pinched her nipples roughly making them stiff and throbbing. She felt slight disappointment when he pulled her by her hair off his cock but when she heard him say, "You have way too much on. Let me see that hot body", she stood up and peeled the clothes off as he did the same. 

Once they both undressed, Bill sat back on the couch and told Julianna to climb into his lap. Although she was surprised at his tone (he was so clean cut and nice after all), the need built up in her pussy could not be denied and she quickly straddled his lap. Julianna gasped and then let out a long moan as Bill's fat cock entered her wet pussy to the hilt. She ground her hips against him as he urged her on. She could tell that Bill liked to take control as he hands moved over her body, pinching her nipples, slapping her ass, scratching her back and pulling her hair. Even though she usually didn't like rough sex, for some reason, his behavior just made her hotter and she suddenly stiffened and let out a loud scream as her first orgasm of the night hit her like a tidal wave. She could barely hear Bill urging her to cum on his cock as she rode it out, trying to catch her breath. 

Bill looked up at Julianna as she came and he knew that he had her so worked up, that she would let him do anything to her. As this thought sunk in, he noticed the deck outside her apartment and told her "stand up, I have an idea." Julianna reluctantly pulled herself off his hard cock and tried to keep up as he grabbed her wrist and led her outside. She offered token resistance but her body's needs were too great as they stepped out on the deck. Fortunately, the apartment faced the woods so while her neighbors would hear if they were outside, she didn't have to worry about being seen. 

Julianna stepped out into the cool night air. Her body on fire as she felt Bill's hand on her shoulder and his voice commanding "bend over." Her hands gripped the rails of her second floor deck as felt him move in behind her. His hand slapped down on her ass hard as he pushed that fat cock back into her searing pussy. 

As one hand pulled her back by her hair, she felt him kissing and biting at her neck. His other hand alternated between rubbing her hips and slapping her ass. He told her to rub her clit and to push her ass back against his cock while he fucked her. Then he asked her if she liked being fucked like this, where anyone walking below could see and any neighbor could step out and hear what a bad girl she was. 

Julianna just nodded, moaned and told him to fuck her harder as another orgasm was close. Her hand worked her clit and her body jerked again as she came on his cock. She tried hard to be quiet but Bill had her so turned on, she couldn't help the moans and words that escaped her mouth. She thought she heard one of her neighbors step outside on their deck but at this point, she wouldn't have cared if they were watching from five feet away. Bill was fucking her good just like she needed and if someone wanted to watch, that was fine with her. 

Bill just thought to himself how perfect this was as he slapped his hand down on her ass again. Fucking this hot little slut on her deck had him close to cumming and he wanted to fill her up good. He quickened his thrusts inside her tight little pussy and then jerked her back against him as his spurted shot after shot of cum into her cunt. He felt her muscles squeeze his cock like a vice, milking all of his cum out, her third orgasm of the night racking her body as she jerked and twitched against him. He tried to catch his breath as he thought of what else he would do with her body. He couldn't wait to find out. It was then that he noticed his watch. The sight of 4:00AM reminded him that he had to be up in two hours for work. Any thoughts about fucking this cutie would have to wait for another time. Bill leaned up against her, bit at her neck again and then whispered that he hated to do it but he had to go. 

Julianna heard Bill say he had to leave. Normally she might have been disappointed but between the alcohol and the strong orgasms she had while Bill fucked her, she just wanted to get to bed. She showed him to the door and watched as he left. She then collapsed on the couch, completely exhausted and fell asleep.

The next morning, Julianna woke up barely able to move. Bill's rough treatment had left her sore all over and when she looked in the bathroom mirror, she noticed bruises on her neck, shoulders and back. For whatever reason, this actually gave her a little thrill. When she stepped back into her living room, she noticed a card on the corner. It was Bill's business card, along with a pair of sunglasses that she had noticed in his shirt pocket the night before. She couldn't help herself as she dialed the number on the card. Her pussy tingled as she heard his voice on the other line. Julianna tried to keep her cool as she said hello and told him he left his sunglasses at her apartment. When he told her he would stop by to get them, he asked if it was okay to bring a friend over. Julianna knew she should say no but the thought of how Bill fucked her was still fresh in her mind and despite her struggle to try and be a good girl, she just whispered "yes, that would be fine..."

...to be continued...