 You have been working so hard lately, I wanted to surprise you with this little weekend getaway to our cabin in the mountain. A few hours into the trip, I look over at you at the passenger seat and grin like a teenage boy with his first lover. You have laid the seat back and are napping with you bare feet outstretched onto the dash. You look so beautiful when you sleep. You skins looks soft and creamy and your mouth has this small smile that tells me you are enjoying this break.

As always, you have been accommodating to my desire to have the car cool. You brought your favorite throw to cover your body to keep you warm. I want to tease you...to make even the car trip memorable. I slide my hand under your cover and place my hand on the soft skin of your thigh. I slide your shorts up so I can trace paths with my fingers across your skin. Even in your sleep, you respond to my touch. Your legs slide open slightly, allowing my hands to travel further up your thigh.

After a few minutes of teasing you, feeling the heat of your skin on my fingers, I can't contain my desire to feel you. My fingers slide up your thigh and beneath your loose shorts. I smile as I feel that you are not wearing your customary thong. Apparently, you had similar ideas for this weekend.

I take the tip of my finger and trace small circles around the smoothly shaven skin of your pussy. I torment you by making my touch almost imperceptible. My finger gently parts your folds, but only just barely. I smile as I already feel you reacting to my touch...becoming wet with just the slightest touch. I cover my finger in your sweet juices and continue my gentle exploration of your pussy. I slide my fingertip up and down, barely parting you. My finger pauses briefly on your clit, covering it with your juices.

I see your breathing deepen as I tease your clit with my finger. Your mouth opens slightly and I feel your hand slide down and cover mine, begging me to press inside of you. At your prompting, I slide my finger inside of you. Even in your semiconscious state, you gasp at the feeling of my finger entering you. I slowly slide my finger in and out of you. I slide it out of your now dripping hole and rub your pussy, covering it with your own wetness. I glance over and see your eye now open. "Please wait, I want to enjoy this." I slide my hand off you and I watch as you lift your hips, removing your shorts. Just as I am about to reach back below your cover, you grasp my hand and place my fingers in your mouth, sucking your sweetness from my fingers.

You stare at me as I slide my finger back inside of you. I feel your hand cover mine, pressing my finger deeper inside of you. I feel you lift your hips up against me hand. You want me to fill you. I slide another finger into you, feeling your tightness gently stretch with each slow stroke inside of you. I hear you whisper, almost inaudibly "fuck". Your breathing now matches the rhythm of my hand moving in and out of you.

I feel your hand slide beneath mine. I can feel your fingers teasing your clit as my fingers slide slowly but deeply into you. Your body can no longer contain the building excitement. I feel your pussy clinch around my fingers as wave after wave of ecstasy pulses through your body. I continue pressing deeper and deeper. You moan and you bite your bottom lip, embracing the carnal pleasure your body is providing.

As your orgasm subsides, you pull my fingers away from your now soaked pussy and place them back in your mouth. You know that watching you taste your own sweetness drives me insane. You rise up and kiss me gently, letting me taste your juices on your lips. Relaxing from the intensity, you lean against me, resting your head on my shoulder, a smile covering your face.,/p>

The day is turning to dusk. We see the sun setting over the mountains towards which we are driving. The sky is a beautiful mixture of oranges, blues and reds. You raise your head off my shoulder and begin softly kissing my neck. Your hands pull my shirt up as your hands begin caressing my chest and stomach. I raise my arm around you and you begin kissing my stomach, sucking and biting ever so softly. I feel your hands begin ca'ressing my cock, teasing me through my jeans as your mouth explores my stomach. I take my free hand and run it through your hair, craving to feel your lips against me.

Your hands easily open the button of my jeans. Your fingers deftly unzip my pants and your hand begins petting, teasing, pressing against my covered cock. You bite my lower stomach as your hands continue their fervent rubbing of my cock through my now wet boxer briefs. I feel your fingers wrap beneath the band of my underwear, releasing my hard cock from its confines.

You take the tip of your fingers and begin ever so gently teasing the head of my engorged cock as your spread my precum across it. You slide your now wet fingers down the shaft of my cock and begin stroking me. Your grip is firm yet your movement is subtle. I see your tongue extend from your mouth. The tip of your tongue begins making small circles around the tip of my cock as your hand continues its stroking. I gasp at the feeling of your warm breath as your lips part and begin gently sucking on the head of my cock. The feeling of you pulling me into your mouth is almost indescribable. The warm moisture of your lips, combined with the gentle sucking of your mouth drives me insane.

You take me further into your mouth, my cock disappearing into you. Your hand squeezes the base of my shaft as your mouth begins moving up and down, attempting to milk me of my precious juices. I gently pull your hair as I press your head further down onto me. I want to feel you swallow me. I want to feel your lips slide the entire length of my rock hard manhood. You slide all the way down my cock, then pull back to where only the head is between your lips. I hear you lips make a wet slurping sound as your mouth pulls me back into you.

You feel my cock twitch in your mouth, you know that the pressure is building within me. I feel your hand reach down and squeeze my balls, coaxing my cum up from their depths. I moan loudly as I feel my cock explode into your mouth, filling it with my salty cum. You try to take it all in, but there's so much that it drips out of your lips and falls down onto my stomach. As my cock drains into your mouth, you continue to suck me, swallow me, engulf me. Only when you have taken it all, do you remove your lips from my cock. You take your tongue and sensually lick up the few drops that passed from your lips. You bring your mouth to mine and let me taste you cum on your lips.

You lay your head back against my shoulder and tenderly stroke my cock as we continue to drive. We both know that neither can resist the other. Knowing that our bodies cannot wait the rest of the trip before we devour each other again...