 Several years ago, I bought a trial subscription to an adult chat line. You could record phone personals and reply to them. The best feature was a live chatroom where you could send messages to other callers and then, if you were hitting it off, enter a private chat, or better yet, exchange phone numbers and call each other offline.

I was listening to profiles one night, usually hitting the '3' button to skip them, when a soft accented voice caught my attention: "Asian woman, short, curvy, long black hair, dark brown eyes. Just checking to see who's out there." 

There was something about her voice. It was sultry, carnal. Her accent sounded Vietnamese. I'd lived in LA long enough to know that Vietnamese women are some of the world's hottest, even compared with other Asians. I had to respond.

"Love your voice. I'm 5'10", 175, athletic, brown hair, green eyes. My name's Kevin. Let's talk." 

I sent my message and skipped through a few more profiles, when the chatline told me I had a request for a live connection. It was from her. Eagerly, I pressed the '1' button: Yes. 

We didn't have to talk long before we both knew we wanted more of each other. We exchanged personal numbers, got off the chatline, and resumed our conversation.

Her name was Julie. And I was right - she was Vietnamese. We made some small talk, enjoying the banter and play of each other's voices. We agreed to meet the following evening. 

We'd decided on neutral ground. We'd meet in the parking lot of a drugstore in her neighborhood, then, if we liked each other, take it from there. Our meeting was set for 8:30 pm. I got there at 8:25 and parked. 

A few minutes after 8:30, a grey BMW parked a few spaces away from me. A sexy dark haired Asian woman was in the driver's seat. 

I got out of my car and strode over to the BMW. The window slid down.

"Hi," I said. "Are you Julie?"

"I'm Julie," she replied softly.

"I'm Kevin," I said.

"I thought so," she purred.

Our eyes drank each other in. Hers were large and dark, with just a hint of almond shape. Her mouth was full, with thick, luscious red lips. Long black hair tumbled to her shoulders where it curled inches above her breasts. I kept my eyes locked with hers. She took in my athletic body with her eyes. Even though she was seated in her car, I could tell she had a nice body. 

"Let's go somewhere together," I said.

"Yes," she said. "Let's do that." 

She got in my car and we drove to a restaurant I knew of nearby, an upscale seafood place. When we entered the restaurant and got our table, I had an opportunity to get a more complete look at her. 

She was short, 5'1" or so, and wore a sexy green top that just hinted at the huge, full breasts underneath. Her small curvy ass was beautifully outlined by her tight black skirt. Her stomach was completely flat. Amazingly, all of her curves were in exactly the right places, and there were no curves in the wrong places. Her look was made complete by a pair of black slingbacks, that gave a taut, sexy smoothness to her gorgeous legs. 

The restaurant had an outdoor terrace that was like a little oasis of calm in the city, and we settled in to the soft ambiance of lanterns and candlelight. We enjoyed wine, dinner, and more of our playful banter. Her low voice was girlish one moment, wanton the next, and just listening to it gave me half an erection. 

After dinner, we kept talking while we finished our wine. The soft light and cool night air worked on our senses as we gazed into each other's eyes. Under the table, she started stroking my thigh. My eyes never left hers. 

I said, "Well, now we can go out to a club." I paused for effect. "Or we can go back to my place."

"Let's go back to your place," she said. 

We picked up her car and drove separately to my place. I got there first, put on some soft music, and made us some tea. She arrived a few minutes later, and the two of us sat on my living room sofa relaxing with our after-dinner tea. 

We weren't halfway through our tea when she turned to me, eyes locked on mine in a shy but unmistakable invitation. I caressed her hair. It was like black silk. Her eyes closed at my touch. I leaned over and kissed her. Our first few kisses were soft and light, then I gave her little kisses all over her neck. Her perfume was sweet and flowery. I nibbled her earlobe and darted a tongue in her ear. She gasped. When I moved back to her mouth she greeted me with a full French kiss. We kissed passionately, tongues intertwined in a dance of desire. I brought my arms around her and pulled her body to mine. 

I felt her tits pressing into my chest as she ran her hands over my shoulders. I pulled her top halfway off. She yanked the rest of it over her head and threw it to the floor. Under the top she was wearing a lacy black bra. Her full breasts strained out of it. They were huge and round, 36D I'd guess. My already hard cock got even harder. 

She unbuttoned my shirt, and pulled it from my shoulders as I undid her bra. I couldn't believe what I found. They were the best breasts I'd ever encountered in my life: full, firm, golden melons, all natural, with beautiful burgundy nipples that were already hard. My cock throbbed as I stroked those gorgeous tits. 

I kissed her deeply on the mouth, then the neck, then moved down to her breasts, and started licking and kissing them, sucking her nipples, feeling them harden in my mouth. She moaned softly, as I pulled off her black skirt and her panties. She pulled off my pants too, then I pulled her up from the sofa, took her by the hand, and led her into the bedroom with me. 

I laid her down on my bed and started caressing all over her body, kissing her lips, her neck, her ears, shoulder, breasts, nipples. Then, I worked my way down over her flat stomach to her smooth thighs. I glided my hands all over her shapely thighs and her beautiful ass. 

Slowly, I worked my caresses toward her small, neatly trimmed pussy, teasing her, and stroking her outer lips, which were starting to moisten. I inserted a finger, then another. She was already moist, her pussy brimming with its own lubrication. I used this to glisten the hood of her clit, gently teasing it with my fingers as I kissed all over her thighs, moving slowly toward her pussy, gliding my tongue around her outer lips, then inserting it inside her, tongue-fucking her as I stimulated her clit with my finger. 

Julie moaned and moved her hips to plunge more of her pussy into my mouth. I moved up to her clit, covered it with my open mouth. Very gently, I played with her clit, moving my tongue and lips all around it, as her moans grew louder. Still sucking, I inserted two fingers in her pussy, probing deeply as I sucked her clit. My fingers found her g-spot, pressed it. She arched her back and started to come as I kept sucking her clit. Her juices gushed over my fingers as she quivered and convulsed in orgasm. 

She drew back onto the bed and sat up, a dreamy, wide-open smile on her face. Impulsively, she pushed me back on the bed, and kissed me deeply. She ran her hands all over my chest, then started kissing me there as well. 

She kissed her way down my stomach, grasped my throbbing cock in her small hand, and moved her mouth to the head. She licked all around it, up and down the shaft, then licked up a large drop of pre-cum at the tip, and swallowed it. And then, she put her lips around the head of my cock, moved her mouth down, and swallowed it. I gasped as her full red lips slid up and down my cock, her tongue bathing me with heavenly sensations. I moaned, held the back of her head, and ran my fingers through her long silky black hair. 

At that point, my cock was so hard I felt an overwhelming desire to fuck her. I laid her down on the bed and kissed her deeply, then caressed her beautiful breasts again. She looked up at me with her big dark eyes. "Fuck me," she cooed. 

I brought my cock to her pussy, inserted the head, then more of the shaft, easing into her. Already thoroughly lubricated, her pussy felt like liquid velvet. We moved together in rhythm, me thrusting, her receiving and counter thrusting. I fucked her deeply, slowly at first, then faster, harder. "Keep...fucking...me!" she screamed. 

I pulled her on top of me, and she leaned back and straddled me, lowering her sweet pussy onto my stiff dick. She rode me like a pro, gyrating her butt, grinding into me. Her amazing tits bounced in front of me. I cupped them in my hands and right when I squeezed them, she let out a huge moan. I could feel her pussy tighten all around my cock as she came for the second time. 

She gazed down at me with those big dark eyes, and I felt myself getting even harder inside her pussy. I lifted her off of me, then knelt to face her. I took her curvy body in my arms and French kissed her as I stroked her little round ass. I turned her around and, guessing my thoughts, she dropped to her hands and knees. I stroked her smooth, firm, curvy ass, then moved my cock to her pussy and inserted it again. 

I took her butt in my hands and pulled her back onto my cock. We moved together, long, slow, deep exploration, then her moans grew more intense, and my cock stiffened inside her. We fucked more deeply, harder, faster. She ground her ass into my hands as I slammed into her wet pussy. I thrust harder than ever, til she cried out several times, and I felt her pussy tremble and quiver again, as she came for the third time. 

I was still rock hard as she slid off of me. I turned her around and laid her down, and she said, "I want to make you come."

She sat back against some pillows, and I straddled her body. She started stroking my cock again, taking it in her hands, and rubbing the head against her hard nipples. Then she put it between her breasts, and pushed them against it. 

And I was fucking those gorgeous breasts. I started to moan, then she moved forward and took me into her mouth again. She moved her luscious lips over my cock, sucking it deeply, taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth, not stopping. I cupped the back of her head in my hands as she bobbed up and down on my cock. Her silky black hair ran through my fingers as her soft tongue licked me to ecstasy. She sucked even harder, even deeper, until I let out a huge groan, and started to come. As she felt my first shot in her mouth, she sucked even harder, and I kept coming, and coming, into her eager mouth. I shot spurt after spurt, and she gulped down every drop. 

When I finally finished, she took my cock in her hands, and licked and sucked the head of it. Then, we both lay back in each other's arms, kissing and caressing until we at last went to sleep.