 
"Come fill the Cup, and in the fire of Spring
Your winter garment of Repentence fling.
The Bird of Time has but a little way to  
flutter --
And the Bird is on the wing."

 (Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam)

Julia Cameron-Morgan put down the novel by Disraeli and sighed. She loved the sights and sounds of sex. She enjoyed watching a man's tongue make its first contact with a woman's engorged nipple. She liked hearing the gasps of unbearable pleasure, the moans that accompanied release. But there just wasn't enough sex in Disraeli's books, she decided. 

Julia's house was haunted by white thongs. No green or purple or yellow. Only, here and there, a red sailor-style thong reminded her of stormy weather. But every morning, at the break of dawn, Julia read at least a few pages of some substantive book while sipping coffee and gazing out the window of her secluded studio at the dense trees. But Julia did not merely want to improve her mind. No, she also exercised to keep her svelte body in peak condition. She did arm exercises, situps, and abdominal crunches before showering. 

After her shower, Julia gave careful consideration to her lingerie selection for the day. Not only must it coordinate with her outerwear, but also dictated her entire mood for the day. To go retro with the lavender lacy orchid-striped tap pants and demi-bra? Or with the streamlined satin black v-string and sleek halter bra? Perhaps even forties film star with the boned white bustier and garter belt? No, Julia decided, it was definitely a delicate, luscious demi-bra and a Gossard Flower T-Bar Hipster G-String. She slipped into the ensemble. The G-String was connected at the top of Julia's firm, tan hips by a fragile chain adorned with jewels, a fragile chain that surely a guy would want to kiss. 

Over the G-String, Julia wore a beaded Cache-Sexe, a tiny modesty apron which served as a mini-sarong. Once dressed, Julia whirled in the mirror, noticing that she looked as lovely as "The Greek Slave" by Hiram Powers. Julia was far more fit than the Medici Venus in the Uffizi. Vanity? No, it was merely a healthy amount of self-esteem. And, given her genetic gifts, it was simple candor.

Why did Julia dress so scantily and provocatively? Partly, it was for convenience. Partly, self-seduction. Julia knew that it was important to be in the proper frame of mind to take erotic photographs. She needed to feel a certain hunger in order to do her job properly. Thus it was that Julia only availed herself of her wide selection of sex toys on weekend mornings. On work days, Julia was extremely careful not to have an orgasm before greeting her first clients of the day. Julia wanted to be as full of suppressed excitement as her clients. Her tension came through in the undulating curves of flesh she so carefully photographed, in the juxtaposition of light and dark, shadow and substance. If she had a certain edginess from suppressed lust, she had found that it lent a mysterious ambiance to her work. 

Yes, Julia was beautiful, but not in the gaunt manner of a fashion model. Julia was extremely healthy, brimming with vigor and zest for life. Perhaps it was her low-fat diet, with 9 helpings of fruits/vegetables per day. Perhaps it was her interest in running every afternoon, her slender yet muscular thighs flexing and pumping as the sun burnished them. Perhaps it was the wide array of her intellectual interests, ranging from Claude Levi-Strauss to skin-tight Levis on George Strait.

She had found, over the 5 years since she had graduated from Savannah College of Art that she was frequently called upon to do glamour photos for St. Valentine's Day, or for girlfriends wishing to surprise their boyfriends. Often, in the course of such photo shoots, women would begin to take Julia into their confidence, and explain to her that they would also like to have her take high-quality professional photographs with erotic overtones.

In college, Julia had taken a course entitled "Thong Empowerment" which had changed her life. Previously, Julia had been somewhat unhappy in life, and on occasion she blamed this boyfriend or that boyfriend for the mediocre nature of her sex life. However, "Thong Empowerment I" (MWF, 1 pm, 3 credits) changed her outlook. She began to realize that she, herself, was in control of her sensuality. She began to jog and to consume fruits and vegetables. Soon, she was healthier, and the fact she did not drink or smoke or take medication meant that she approached each day with vigor and freshness. Her improved health made her already impressive physique even more alluring. She was compelled to pause and admire it in the mirror after her morning shower. That, in turn, led her not to the wide world of sport, but to the wide world of lingerie.

Shopping for such lingerie was an aesthetic journey in and of itself. The wonderful hues and fabrics. And the process of selection. And the dressing itself, as lovely fabrics and teasing designs turned her already fertile imagination toward even more sensual thoughts. She would arise in the morning, sluggish with sleep, and begin to sip coffee while selecting bras and thongs and garterbelts for this or that occasion. If her mood led her to a garter belt, as she fastened the straps, she could already halfway feel another's fingers exploring the straps. If her silk stockings whispered against her skin as she drew them on, they merely echoed the whispers of passion. Crimson lace against her fair skin made her think of of leaving lipsticked imprints on other skin. Soon, the very process tended to incline her mind toward the sensual pleasures of life, and she began to view her daily orgasms not merely as obligations but as mini-vacations from the stresses and strains of life. 

Julia knew that every human had only x amount of time. She understood that couples liked having photographs to capture -- and perhaps, from time to time, rekindle -- the passion of their honeymoons. So it was that Julia began to specialize in erotic photography. Over the years, she had photographed would-be strippers building portfolios to present to prospective employers. She had photographed male-female couples in romantic poses. On a few occasions, she had photographed threesomes and foursomes. Most of her work, however, was male-female couples.

Her reputation grew. Not by advertising, of course. Given the sensitive nature of her work, discretion was the watchword. Word spread, as it always does, of Julia's exceptional work and the care she took to preserve privacy. Her secluded studio was, by happenstance, perfectly suited to erotic photography. In warm weather, shots were taken on her large deck overlooking the woods. In cold weather, photographs were taken in the many sets she had built in her large studio.

Upon arrival in the studio, Julia would make the new couple comfortable. One last time, she would explain to them the explicit nature of her work, and make absolutely certain that they wanted to record their sexual pleasures in photographic form. Clerical details accomplished, decisions had to be made as to props and themes. Some couples preferred a beach theme, with sand and golden lighting. Others favored a standard bedroom milieu. She even had one couple who wanted an Oval Office setting, and who had insisted on using an American flag in a way that even Jasper Johns or Robert Rauschenburg had never thought of. 

Julia's morning clients were Claudine and John, a young professional couple from the nearby suburbs. They had been hesitant upon their initial visit, but Julia's professionalism and relaxed demeanor had won them over. Rapport was increased by telephone calls and agreement was reached on a theme of very mild restraint for the photo session. The session began with Julia setting up her camera right next to a large bed build on the floor. Claudine had requested that she be very loosely "tied" with silk scarves.

For Claudine and John, it was initially a rather intimidating experience because Julia's camera loomed mere feet away. For John, it was somewhat unusual to have a second beautiful young woman so close, and Julia's mini-sarong had hardly escaped John's notice. He had also taken note of the white thong which seemed to be beneath it, and his rigidity increased because of Julia's proximity as he spread oil over Claudine's naked body.

Julia shuddered involuntarily as she watched the fit couple and steadied her camera. She watched as John, his erection apparent, massaged oil into Claudine's breasts, her arms. Julia smiled slightly in understanding as Claudine's eyes closed as the warm oil drizzled on her stomach and thighs. Even "restrained" by the silk scarves, and more subtly restrained by the novelty of the experience, Claudine began to yearn for the release of her first orgasm. But Julia knew that good photographs were made from tension, and she admonished her clients to change to a new position.

John helped to reposition Claudine so that she was face-down on the bed. Watching, Julia felt a jolt of sensuality herself as she watched John use the same silk scarves to "tie" Julia's arms and legs. Claudine, her face buried in the 400-denier sheets, seemed flushed. Claudine felt vulnerable, but in a warm, sensual fashion. She was "tied," nude, her arms and legs spread and "secured." She could easily loosen the scarves and move at any time, but she felt imprisoned by sensuality.

Julia came over to kneel on the bed. She was only a foot away from John, but her professionalism never wavered. Still, John could smell Julia's Chanel Number 5. John felt almost overwhelmed by the circumstances as Julia smiled at him and handed him a little 12-inch miniwhip and urged him to tease it over Claudine's thighs. As John took the little toy whip and gently -- oh, so gently -- ran its strands up her leg, Claudine's hips began to move. Both Claudine and John had wondered before the photographic session if they would be able to enjoy their customary lovemaking with a third party present. But their fears were groundless, for Julia was the consummate professional. Besides, the very fact of having an observer -- almost a coach -- lent an extra slice of titillation to their situation.

Following Julia's instructions, John began to kiss his way up Claudine's thighs. As he kissed Claudine's right hip, Julia had him pause for a photograph. As they would learn later upon presentation of the prints, Julia's marvelous photo caught John dreamily kissing the firmness of Claudine's right hip. And the next photo caught John staring down, gazing with fondness upon Claudine's firm, tan hips as they continued to undulate.

It was then, as both Claudine and John began to feel a genuine need for their first orgasms of the photographic session, that Claudine turned and presented them with a tray of the toys the two had brought along to use. But John was in no hurry. The toys were too easy, at least for now. He had a plan of his own, and he gently began employing the miniwhip on Claudine's upper thighs. Again and again, the teasing little strands made contact with Claudine's thighs, and then began to fall on her undulating hips. Claudine's hips fled the contact, but as soon as it was withdrawn her hips rose up to seek further contact. Every so often, the little strands would fall on Claudine's labia, and she would be drawn to the edge of orgasm. But then, just as Claudine was going over the edge into orgasm, the contact would end and she would moan in frustration.

Furthermore, it seemed John had another plan in mind as well. One of the props was a razor, and as John eyed the soft down on Claudine's body, he apparently had a plan in mind. He reached for the razor and Julia noticed that, rather than a can of shaving cream, he had brought an old-fashioned shaving brush and mug of soap. He gently motioned Claudine to roll over, picked up the brush, and worked the soap into a thick lather, which he applied deliberately, with long strokes, to Claudine's delicate flesh.


When he was satisfied that there was enough soap, he pulled her flesh taut with one palm as he positioned the razor with his other hand. Claudine shivered involuntarily at the contrast of the warm soap and the cool bite of the razor, apprehensive, yet not wanting him to stop for one second. The sudden click of the camera startled her and made her flinch, but luckily, not John.

As he viewed his work so far and pondered the possibilities, John considered the symmetry of a rectangle or a triangle, but discarded those ideas in favor of something more organic. Rejecting an arc or a circle, he decided complete and bare smoothness was in order. He proceeded accordingly. When he was satisfied with his effort, he reached for a waiting towel. The warmth and wetness, applied to Claudine's almost unbearably sensitive skin, brought her to the very brink of orgasm, and she begged him to touch her just once more. Shaking his head slightly, he held up instead a pair of black stockings and garter belt. Julia approved silently of his chioice, imagining the contrast of the black garments against Claudine's tawny skin and thought of what a stunning image it would create. A willing model, Claudine pointed her toes and let John draw the silky fabric over her legs.

Watching and photographing the drama unfold, Julia felt the tension. Julia could feel a certain empathy for Claudine, who had been so mercilessly teased, her flesh so lovingly taunted. But that, indeed, was the reason Julia never permitted herself an orgasm before such a session. Julia had to allow herself to be drawn into the passion of the moment, had to feel the need for release herself, in order to fully capture the moment photographically. She herself began to wish it was her calf muscle John's tongue was outlining. She imagined, as he traveled upward, the sensitive nerve endings on the backs of her knees, and his tasting them as he probed their curves. She trembled slightly with anticipation, but forced her hands to steady, thinking of the shot and the powerful sensuality that couldn't help but come through.

And so Julia and John began to smile involuntarily as Claudine's hips began to lose control. Granting her a little mercy, John lowered his head to kiss her thighs, his kisses moving closer and closer to the smoothness his shaving had so recently created. Julia's camera caught it, the moment when John's kisses made contact with Claudine's shaven flesh. Setting her own desire aside, Julia concentrated on photographing Claudine as her eyes closed in ecstasy, as John's burning kisses ignited Claudine's initial orgasm. 

As Claudine's shivers gradually subsided, she lay panting on the bed, and Julia took the opportunity to snap the parted lips, the dewy perspiration on Susan's neck and shoulders, the half-closed eyes; creating a shot that afterward proved to be the very personification of satiated desire. 

Though the immediate tension of Claudine's first orgasm had been resolved, the air of the studio still fairly crackled with electricity. Julia fully realized that John was excited by the fact of her presence, by two virtually naked women so close that their breath stirred Claudine's hair slightly. She reached out and tucked a strand of Claudine's hair behind one ear, leaving the rest in seductive disarray. As she withdrew her hand, Claudine took it in her own, boldly drawing Julia's fingers down her torso. Though surprised, Julia was not disconcerted, and decided to allow herself a little play, seeing that John was clearly savoring the sight.

She ran her fingers down Claudine's arm, while John caressed Claudine's breasts with his own fingers. Julia took a moment to break away. She adjusted the camera on a tripod, set the timer, and returned to the bed. Stretching out beside Claudine, she explored Claudine's slightly rounded tummy with just the merest pressure of her fingertips, letting them wander over the jutting hipbones. Meanwhile, John covered Claudine's neck and shoulders with trailing kisses, but he reached out and drew his hands along Julia's long thighs. Julia turned toward him, hearing the camera's shutter click.

Julia realized that as much as she wanted to surrender to her desire and join the couple on the bed, they would be better served by her continuing in a purely professional role. She was startled by a crack of thunder, and glancing at the window, realized it had begun to storm, with raindrops splattering against the glass. She decided to use the moment, and reached for her tripod, setting the aperture wide and the shutter speed for a time exposure. That way, she could get a series of reflections, John's and Claudine's bodies mirrored by windows streaked with rain, lending an ethereal atmosphere to the erotica. She told them to pause, noticing that they stopped touching only with reluctance, but so much the better. As their eyes locked and their bodies froze, the tension mounted.

Claudine quickly slipped on a robe, vanished into the dressing room for a few seconds, and then rejoined them. The gurgling cisterns and wind under the eaves provided a contrast to the indoor silence as Julia positioned the couple opposite the window. Noticing that a slight chill had arrived with the storm, she dug in her props trunk and brought out a sumptuous mink throw to provide texture and visual warmth to offset the silvery reflections of the window shot. Obviously relishing the silky feel of the mink, Claudine stretched sinuous limbs out in complete relaxation. She rolled over, enjoying the smoothness of the fur against her newly bare skin. 

As John watched, mesmerized, he saw the reason for Claudine's brief errand in the dressing room. As she writhed face-down on the mink, John noticed a hunter green set of beads, a few of which were buried between Claudine's firm, tan hips. As Claudine moved on the mink, it was apparent that she was trying to give her shaven labia sufficient contact with the mink to push her over the precipice into her second orgasm. 

John stretched out a hand to feel the mink, appreciating its soft, tantalizing texture. He understood what Claudine must be feeling as she writhed, nude and shaven and teased by the green beads, on the mink throw. He groaned, moved over, and began kissing the back of Claudine's right thigh. She felt his tongue on her thigh and gasped loudly. Eyes half-closed with desire, John's kisses moved up Claudine's right thigh, to the side of her right hip. She rolled over and his kisses began to fall on her abdomen. Claudine looked down, past her swollen nipples, and watched as John's kisses tantalized her stomach. She continued to look down, watching as his kisses neared her shaven labia, and realized that she really needed her second orgasm. As John's tongue made contact with her clitoris, the stimulation became too much and both Claudine and John exploded in orgasm. 

Both Claudine and John were in excellent aerobic condition, so it did not take long for respiration to normalize. And Julia knew more photographs would be necessary to assemble a proper portfolio. Julia delved again into the props trunk, pulling out a deep red chemise that would look smoky-gray in black and white prints, lending the shot a forties glamour. She helped Claudine slip it on, then positioned her on her knees, glancing over her shoulder. The hem was short enough so that it was apparent Claudine wore nothing underneath the chemise. As John saw that, his erection began to return like the swallows to Capistrano.

Julia positioned John behind Claudine, his hand on her waist, then stepped back to the tripod to shoot whatever should unfold. John ran his hands over the cool silk, toyed with the straps, and began to inch the hem upward. But Claudine pressed back against him till they were both in a sitting position and turned to face him. She leant back on one hand, and extended her legs on either side of his muscled torso. Her other hand she teasingly let wander downward as if to explore her own smoothness. Julia snapped the shutter to catch the intake of John's breath as he watched.
