 A true story from my past that has fueled many, many hours of private time since...

*

I really don't remember when I met Julie. At the time, some time in my mid-twenties, I was running with a group of close post-college friends. About the same number of guys and girls, and Julie became part of that crowd. Mike, my best friend from school, rented a big house on the periphery of Boston and roommates came and went. Julie took the large first floor bedroom with a private bath, and soon it was if she had always been there. She was funny and very smart, and fit in easily. It was clear from the beginning that Julie was one of those people that takes things on her terms, not the other way around. It is hard to describe, but even if we were all hanging out, drinking beer and watching the Sox, Julie was one of us but we all knew she really wasn't. Was she better than us....no, but she came from a different world and we all knew it.

While I can't remember when I met Julie, I do remember the intense attraction I had to her. We were casual friends in the much larger group, but that was all. But everything about Julie pushed my buttons and she made a regular starring appearance in my private fantasy world...I think you know what I mean. But I was too intimidated by her and there was never a private moment when the whole group wasn't around to ever pursue anything more than a very casual friendship.

My group of friends all lived in Boston while I was working in New York. I had a good life in the city; I had a great job, a nice apartment with a view of mid-town, and did very well with the blonde prep school types that I fancied. I dressed very well, worked out and stayed in shape, and enjoyed my northeastern prep school image. The women were generally tall, thin, and pretty described them all well enough, and they all required about the same amount of effort to bed. Two to three dates, including one 'wow' date...great tickets to the theater or ballgame or a day of sailing on my buddy's boat would do the trick. With remarkable sameness I would get their padded A cup bra on my bedroom floor and get some very average sex. Yes they were pretty, and they would put out, but none of them held my interest. Fortunately the city was large and a new crop of them arrived all the time.

Labor Day weekend I made the trip up to Boston. My best friend Mike had a standing invitation for me to use the pull out sofa any time and we planned a weekend of bar hopping and the last beach weekend of the season. I got in late on Friday night and let myself in, finding the house mostly dark. The sofa bed had already been pulled out with fresh sheets piled up on it, so I dropped my bag, found a beer in the kitchen, and set to making up the bed. I was mid-way through struggling with the fitted sheet when a voice behind me said 'My god you are making that look difficult.' Julie was standing in her bedroom doorway, holding a glass of wine with an amused smile on her face. But what I mostly noticed was the silk boxers and tight t-shirt stretched over her braless breasts. 

'Hey Julie, I uh, well I guess I, well I guess I'm doing something wrong.' I don't think Julie and I had ever been alone together, and I know I had never seen her in bedroom attire. I could feel my cock stirring at the sight in front of me, and my awkward mumbling made it pretty obvious the effect it all had on me. 

Julie smirked, and moved to the large upholstered chair that faced the sofa and sat, taking a sip of her wine. 'I think I will watch, this is entertaining.'

Somehow I didn't have the nerve to ask her to help, so I went back to my struggles and eventually did get the bed made up. I picked up my beer and sat on the end of the bed and made some small talk with her about my drive up and her plans for the weekend before she stood and announced it was late, she needed to crash. She finished the last of her wine, and handed me the wine glass asking me to take it to the kitchen for her, then drifted off to her bedroom. I watched every step until she disappeared behind the closed door, then took her glass to the kitchen as instructed.

Julie was a sophisticated and polished woman, but was somehow an outsized persona. Everything about Julie was somehow different than most people. Julie was very attractive, but was one of those rare women you would describe as handsome. She had well defined features that bordered on being masculine, but came together to be strikingly attractive. And she carried herself in such a way that everyone noticed. Some women are gorgeous, and clearly know it. Others are very attractive and seemingly have no idea. Julie was the rare women who was striking, but didn't seem to care. And to other women this was infuriating. Julie was tall, probably about 5'8" and had a lean athletic build, with broad shoulders that made almost any kind of clothes look fabulous on her. She had an elegant way of walking that made her long legs and narrow hips all that much more attractive. 

But then there was Julies bust, perhaps the perfect fashion accessory for every occasion. The morning after our late night chat, and my subsequent session in the bathroom remembering her bedtime attire as I stroked furiously in the sink, Julie shuffled out of her room dressed for her yoga class. As she poured her orange juice to go you couldn't help but notice her body hugged by her yoga outfit, including a perfect small breasted athletic look that made her so achingly hot. And yet somehow she could dress for a night out and emerge with a serious rack, cleavage that could stop traffic. Somehow her broad shouldered frame could carry her C to D cups in such a way that she had the perfect bust for every occasion. Guys noticed, women were envious and catty, and again Julie didn't seem to care.

Julie slipped off to yoga, and my friend Mike emerged from the upstairs. He and I caught up, busted each other's balls, and made plans for a group outing to an outdoor seaside bar that evening. We both had stuff to do that day, so I grabbed coffee to go and ran out to see some family. It was a perfect late summer day, sunshine in the low 80's with no humidity and I looked forward to a night out with the gang that evening. But the vision of Julie the night before was definitely still with me, and more than once during the day had me tempted to find some privacy to relieve the state she had put me in. 

Around 5 I made my way back to Mike's, and found him and about half of our crowd out on the back deck with beers open and music playing. Everyone was in a three day weekend kind of mood. It had been a couple of months since I had been to Boston, so catching up with everyone took some time and created a lot of laughs. My friend Bill, who came out of the closet a year later, as usual wanted every detail of my latest 'Stepford blondes' as he liked to call them. The group continued to grow, and the grille supplied burgers, but the beer began to run low. It was about 8 and it was time to make our way to the bar. Cars were assigned, designated drivers were not, and we headed out in high spirits.

The bar is a big sprawling outdoor facility under a tent right on the harbor. You pay a cover, there is live music that is mostly participative parodies of popular rock music, and it is great fun. We were drinking beer and enjoying the waterside atmosphere and music. I had noticed a blonde prep school type there with a group of friends, and had already made some good progress toward a weekend tryst. She was impressed by my Manhattan address, my inflated description of my great job, and liked her men preppy and successful. Things were shaping up nicely. I was chatting with this new blonde when I looked over her shoulder toward the entrance of the bar. Julie had arrived to join the group, and was making her way toward our end of the place. Julie was wearing a loose fitting while cotton top that still made clear the quality of what was underneath, a black cotton skirt and sandals. Her shoulder length dark hair hung loose. She looked gorgeous, and heads turned to notice. She briefly caught my eye as she eased in to the group, glanced at my new friend, and gave me a condescending smile. I nodded to her, my new blonde friend turned and looked as I apparently hadn't done a good job hiding my gawking. Julie made her way to a tall table where Mike had a bucket of cold Rolling Rock's and told Mike to open one for her.

Julie is one of those rare people who tells people what to do, including people she doesn't know, and for some reason they do it. She isn't rude, more firm with a hint of gratitude...but mostly firm. But she can tell perfect strangers to do things for her, usually small tasks that she doesn't feel like doing herself, and with a confused urgency they do it. Men and women, young and old, all respond the same way. But as amazing as the ask is, the thank you is just as impressive. The stranger who just ran to the counter to get Julie more napkins gets a cordial thank you, but it's clear from her tone that this is just what she expects people to do. So when Mike jumped to open a beer for Julie no particular gratitude was offered, and Mike was pretty conditioned not to expect any. I imagine, though we never discussed it, Mike has spent many sessions in private working off the state Julie left him in as she saunters through his day. I am sure she knows it too. 

My attention returned to my new blonde friend, who seemed a little annoyed by my noticing Julie's arrival, but I got things back on track pretty quickly. And soon she was back to laughing and flirting, and I was fairly confident I wouldn't need the pull out sofa that evening. Melony was pretty and liked to laugh, but we had little else in common. But there was likely a good return in the cards on an investment in buying her a few drinks, so I pushed on. When Melony said she needed a ladies room trip I offered to buy another round of drinks, we called it a plan. I walked over to the bar next to our group while she made her way to a substantial ladies room line.

Julie was parked at a tall table next to the bar, and I eased toward the bar next to her. She again gave me the condescending smile. 'Can you get me another beer too while you are buying one for blondie' she more instructed than asked. I nodded, and was parked next to her for a few minutes. 'So is this another of those blonde, flat chested sorority chicks?' she asked in tone that was clearly needling me. 

'She isn't flat chested' I retorted a bit too defensively.

She looked bored by my response. 'Ok. Everything's relative I guess'.

I couldn't tell if she was saying relative to her substantial bust, to the general population, but she knew she quickly had me scrambling. 'She's a great girl, she's fun to talk to' was all I could manage.

'You just think you can fuck her, you really don't care if she's fun. You need to set the bar a little higher than Can I get her panties off...try some women who are a little more challenging and interesting, you might enjoy the variety from your generic prep school types. Your hit rate might go down, but it might be worth it.' Julie wasn't being mean, she was smiling, but she knew she was getting to me.

I was about to try to retort, I have no idea what I was going to say, when Julie turned to the table next to us where three very attractive Latin looking girls were chattering in animated fashion. She spoke to them but I couldn't hear with her back turned. It was impossible not to notice that as she turned her cotton top strained across her bosom, causing me to inhale sharply. Immediately two of the girls reached for their bags and pulled out a pack of cigarettes, both of them extending the package to Julie. Julie took a cigarette from one of the girl's pack of Parliaments, the closer girl immediately extended her lighter to Julie who leaned in and took a cheek hollowing inhale. Without even a thank you she turned back to me, I didn't even notice the bartender was now impatiently waiting for my order. Julie gestured to him with a smirk, then wandered off to the rest of the group, leaving me semi-erect and frustrated.

I brought Melony her drink, but had not noticed her watching me talk to Julie. She thanked me for the drink, but basically told me to run along so she could enjoy her friends. My chances of bedding her had evaporated, and I had a sneaking suspicion that Julie knew exactly what she was doing with her clear view of Melony's table. And I did have to admit she had a small bust, but I desperately wanted some though my urgent need was more a result of my brief chat with Julie than anything Melanie had done.

The rest of the evening was great fun. I was careful not to drink too much as I had driven there, and eventually snuck under the ropes with some friends to sit on the beach at the end of the night. Someone had found a six pack and we enjoyed one last beer after the bar closed. Most of our crowd had left, not knowing we were on the beach, so it was just Mike and me heading back to his place. Mike had been far less moderate that evening, and his conversation on the way back to his place made little to no sense. I took mental notes to bust on him in the morning. By the time we got to his place Mike had passed out, so it took a little effort to get him in the house and up the stairs, something we had both done for each other many times. But on the way to the stairs we found Julie sitting on the sofa watching television. Mike had this urgent need to remind Julie of something that neither of us could understand in his condition, though it was clearly very important to Mike. Eventually I got him back on track for the stairs and his bed.

When I came back down the stairs Julie was still on the sofa, enjoying her show. She handed me her wine glass and asked me to refill it and join her. She was still in the top from the club, but the skirt had been replaced by a pair of shorts that made her bare legs look a mile long. I scurried off to fill her glass, looking a bit too eager and feeling a little foolish. When I got back to the sofa I sat on the opposite end and we laughed about Mike's gibberish, and speculated about what on earth he had been trying to tell her. She asked about where our group went, and I told her about the beach group and our clandestine round of beers. Julie then launched in to ribbing me about the 'little blonde prep' I was hitting on, expressing mock surprise that I had returned for their pull out sofa rather than 'bouncing on blondie'. She insincerely apologized if she ruined my plans in a way that made it clear she was delighted to scuttle my hopes of getting laid. By now her top had ridden up exposing her midriff, bunching under her boobs. It was hard to make eye contact and she knew it. Julie finished her glass of wine and told me she was calling it a night, and plus 'you need the sofa sometime soon', so she stood and stretched. Her extended body caused me to inwardly groan with need.

Finally I couldn't help myself, I had always been intimidated by Julie, but I figured I might not get a chance alone with her again. I got up and walked up behind her as she walked to her room. I gently put my hands on her hips and turned her around. Julie looked up at me with no surprise, but really with no particular reaction. I gently pushed her up against the doorframe of her bedroom door and kissed her. She did respond, in lukewarm fashion, but when I went in for a second try she responded with a little enthusiasm. She tasted of white wine with a hint of tobacco, but gave a warm soft kiss. I gently gripped the back of her head, and she responded by lightly biting my bottom lip. Her knee made its way between my legs, and rubbed against my hard cock. I gasped and let out a low groan. We now kissed passionately, her chest pushed hard in to me. 

Finally she pulled back and said 'Well are we going to do this here on the floor, or can we go in and shut the door?' I leaned in for one more round of kissing, again leaning my weight against her and pinning her against the door frame. My right hand started to slide up from her waist toward her breast; I couldn't wait to feel the heft of one of those beauties. But before I got there her elbow slid over and pinned my wrist against her. Julie broke our kiss and said 'Uh uh' as her elbow held firm. She reached over and took my wrist and led me in to her bedroom. 

Once inside she gave me a light shove toward the bed, then closed the bedroom door and leaned against it. She looked me up and down, stopping to gaze at the clear tent pole in my shorts. 'Looks like someone's ready for this...' she said with a coy smirk. Julie kept her gaze on my cloth covered stiff cock, then reached down and unsnapped her shorts. She let then slide down her long legs until they hit the floor, then stepped out of them. The shorts revealed a pair of white satin and lace panties, beautiful against her pale skin. She slowly walked toward me, then stopped and slid the panties down her legs as well, leaving them behind her with the flick of a toe. Now her closely trimmed lower regions were on full display, and I could feel my heart racing. Julie smiled. 'Maybe you will get what you have been dreaming about tonight...but first let's see what you've got.'

As Julie neared I reached for her, but she gently took my wrists and put them back by my sides. 'Just wait' was all she said. She reached up and started slowly unbuttoning my shirt, sliding it off me when she was done. She loosely folded it and put it on the arm of a chair in the corner. Next she reached for my belt, and held my gaze while she unclasped and removed it, placing it on the chair as well. I couldn't help but stare at her bust as she walked back to me, too far gone to pretend I wasn't. Now she reached for the button on my shorts. With one hand she gripped the button, with the other she gave my hard cock a rub through the material, causing me to hiss from the intense pleasure. Julie chuckled, she unclasped the shorts and lowered the zipper, letting them fall to the floor. Again she made the leisurely stroll to the chair and piled the shorts with the other clothes. Now as she turned, she looked at my briefs and said 'Oh my, what has happened here...'

I looked down to see a large wet spot surrounding the head of my hard cock, turning the thin fabric almost translucent. 'You didn't cum already did you?' Julie asked with some indignation.

'No, no of course not. That's, well it's kind of, well....'

Julie cut me off. 'That can't all be pre-cum, and before we even get started, that's not possible...'

'It is, I swear I didn't cum. Look, I'm still hard, I didn't cum'. There was no debating that I was hard, harder than I had ever been.

'Well I don't want to touch those soaking wet briefs and get all sticky. You do it and put the briefs in the bathtub.'

I complied as quickly as I could, anxious to regain the mood. So quickly that the waistband of my briefs pulled my cockhead down with them, causing it to snap back against my abdomen bringing a chuckle from Julie. I scurried to the bathroom and tossed the briefs in the tub. I returned to the bedroom to find Julie sitting on the edge of the bed, her sex now fully exposed to me. She crooked her finger gesturing for me to stand in front of her. I did, a bit confused, but not daring to reach for her again. Julie reached out, and I inhaled sharply anticipating her touch. Again she laughed. 'Just calm down boy' she said as she looked up. Now she reached for her night stand and took a tissue which she handed to me. 'And try not to drip all over everything' she said as she pointed to the long string of precum off the end of my dick. I wiped up the strand, then stood, not knowing what to do next.

Julie again reached toward my cock, but instead reached under my balls and lifted up, then held my package there for inspection. 'Certainly not the biggest one I've seen, but we work with what we've got' she said matter of factly. It was clear from her tone she really didn't care if I was offended; in her mind she was just stating a fact. 'Guys with little ones can still be fun; they just have to work harder.' I might have been offended, but all I could think about was getting her shirt and bra off, and wasn't about to risk my chance by debating my cock size. But I heard her message about working harder loud and clear. Julie pulled her hand back and let my balls drop and enjoyed watching my cock bounce.
