 The doorbell rang, disrupting the silence of the house. She had been waiting all morning for this guy to turn up. She opened the door a little and peeked round. "Plumber, erm Mrs. Davies?"

She beckoned for him to come in and follow her to the kitchen. As she passed the hall mirror, she caught a sideways glance at herself. She was just pushing forty, but not too bad for her age, at least she thought so. She turned to make sure the plumber was following her, he was still lifting his tools over the doorway. She again looked in the mirror, she still had a pretty face, not too many wrinkles, nice healthy colour. Her hair was that slightly tousled way, a few stray strands framing her face, softening the lines of her face. If she looked too closely she could spot a few grey roots, not too many because her colour owed more to a bottle than to genetics. Well she was told blondes have more fun!!

She ran her fingers through her hair again as the plumber stepped up behind her. She turned and smiled. "This way please"

The plumber brushed past her as he stepped into the kitchen. She could smell his cologne slightly over the musty smell of his overalls. He stepped over to the sink and dropped to his knees, opening the cupboard under the kitchen sink. He lay down on his back positioning himself under the sink, straining to reach up behind the U bend. The woman smiled as she noticed 3 buttons missing on the overall. As he reached and stretched she could see the muscles under the overall twitch. She looked more closely at him. He was actually quite attractive, she guessed at late 20s early 30s. She watched him work, head cocked slightly to the side, her eyes running up and down his body. They came to rest on his crotch as she started to imagine how his cock would look, size, shape, how it would feel as her hand gripped it. 

She cleared her throat. "You say something?" The plumber was looking up at her from the ground, with the most piercing green eyes. His intent stare made her uncomfortable and she grew flustered as she muttered a quiet no. She looked around the kitchen, all of the chairs were in the garden where she had been washing them, so she placed both hands on the table and pulled herself back onto it, her legs dangling back and forth as she watched the proceedings.

The plumber caught sight of her doing so in the corner of his eye, and smiled. He looked every now and then, each time taking in a new aspect of her appearance. He liked what he saw, she had a very shapely pair of legs, her skirt sat just above the knee with a little split at the back. Sitting on the edge of the table she leaned forward revealing a bit more of her cleavage, her rigid arms pushing her breasts together accentuating that soft tanned valley. 

Suddenly he felt a warm gush on his head, he hadn't been paying attention, and now water cascaded down over his head and upper body. Quickly he repaired the damage, but now he was soaked through! As he stood up shaking off the excess water, he felt a hand on his top button. She was undoing it and pushing the overall over his shoulders before he could even speak. "Well you can't go to your next job soaking wet can you?" He supposed not and allowed her to continue. He looked at her as she undid the lower buttons, fighting the urge to place a finger under her chin to make her look up. He didn’t know how he was going to cope with the crotch buttons of the overall. Her fingers brushed lightly against his torso as she moved lower. She smiled as she felt his muscles shudder as she did so. She stopped before she got to the crotch, and looked up, biting the corner of her lip. 

He looked pretty embarrassed to be honest, and she wondered if she had done the right thing. She cocked her head to one side and placed a hand on his chest, moving round in slow circles, her fingertips lingering on his nipples. Her other hand she used to cup his face, and moved her own closer, planting a tentative kiss on his upper lip. His lips parted slightly, and she ran her tongue across the slight gap, the tip of hers touching his. He opened his mouth more, and her tongue explored more, as his hand came to rest on one of her full firm breasts. He squeezed it through her blouse and bra causing her to moan slightly, her kiss becoming deeper as her tongue darted slowly in and out. He undid the rest of her buttons and slipped the blouse off over her shoulders, quickly followed by one bra strap, kissing the shoulder where it had been. His hand sliding into the cup, scooping out the soft breast revealing a nice round, pink, and very erect nipple. 

He lifted her back onto the kitchen table, nuzzling the soft, tanned mound of her breast with his mouth, as she leaned back, her legs parted by his body between them. His hands slid up the outside of her thighs pushing the skirt up, finding lace then soft smooth skin of her thigh. His thumbs slid to her inner thighs, and moved in small circles up towards her panties. They found the edge of the material and ran along the outline, feeling the dampness from her wet pussy. As he continued to suck on her nipple, he slid both thumbs just inside the panties, pulling the material away slightly, tips of thumbs finding the edge of her lips, soft, damp tendrils of hair curling round the tips. She moaned more, encouraging less teasing and more action.

He sunk to his knees, her hands on his head, running fingers through his hair as he licked her over the material of her panties, grinding it against her clit, he did like how wet satin made a grinding sensation. He motioned for her to lift her hips slightly to let him pull them down a bit, not too much though, just enough to let his hand in to fully cover her moist cunt. He stood again and kissed her deeply as his hand massaged her wet hole, middle finger sliding in then out as his thumb rubbed the swollen nub of her clit. He moved his hand away, it glistened with her wetness, and he slowly rubbed the outline of her lips with his thumb. She looked into his eyes and took the thumb in her mouth sucking greedily on it, tasting her own juices. 

His cock was straining now to get out of these damn overalls, he stepped back pulling at the last of the buttons. He wanted her to see that hard throbbing cock. She reached down, took it in her hand and pulled gently towards her. They grinned at each other and kissed deeply again, as he rubbed his body against hers. He moved his hands down to her ankles, and gripped one in each hand, lifting up as he did so. She leaned back further on the table, both elbows resting on it now, as her ankles were rested on the plumbers shoulders. He thrust his hips forward, and she felt the tip of his stiff cock slide over her clit. He reached down to guide it in, pushing only the tip of his cock in her wet, gaping cunt. He held it there, moving side to side slightly, teasing her, making her wish for that long hard thrust. But she liked to tease too, and began to pulse the muscles of her pussy walls, pulling his cock in whether he liked it or not. 

He couldn't resist for long, she certainly had a nice strong cunt, and he wanted to feel it close against his cock. So he thrust forward, as hard and fast as he could making her gasp loudly. His cock went nice and deep in that position and he like to feel her legs push against him. Gave him something to work against. He leaned right forward, resting both hands on the table, pinning her there as he slowly increased the speed and force of each thrust. Her tits shuddered with each push, and he smiled at her as he built up his rhythm, pounding her cunt hard making her want to scream. A wet, rhythmic sound as her wet cunt was rammed harder and harder, his balls slapping against her ass. He could see her grit her teeth, and the moaning got louder and more frantic. He knew she was close.

He stopped. She looked into his eyes for a moment, and then he smiled and started his rhythm all over again. This time he would allow her to cum. He fucked her hard again, gritting his own teeth now holding off until he knew she was there. He watched her face, her eyes closed, and he felt the first shudder as she started to cum. He gave one last long, deep thrust, and pushed his cock as far in as it would be forced. He closed his eyes and grunted, body rigid, balls tight, as he spilled his hot cum high in her cunt. She stiffened and held her breath as she allowed herself to let go into the orgasm. She felt her cunt tighten round his twitching cock, then release, and tighten again as she let the orgasm flow through her.

They stayed like that for a moment. Getting their breath back, taking in fully what had just happened. He pushed himself back and slowly withdrew his cock. She moaned slightly, and he stood back to survey the view as a trickle of his cum mixed with hers ran out of her pussy and down her upper thigh. My it was an interesting view! She sat up and slipped off the edge of the table. Shuffling down her skirt as she did so. She could hardly bear to look at him, mild embarrassment at her loss of control and her part in leading him on, crippling her. He quietly redressed and nodded to her as he hurried back out to his van. She was obviously mortified about what happened, no doubt married too. He was half way down the street before he realised he hadn't charged her for the job. 

She closed the door as she watched him drive down the street, smiling to herself. She had the washing machine guy coming round at 2. Should save another hundred or so quid, she chuckled at the thought. Dunno about deadlier, but the female of the species are certainly more devious. ;o)