 A true story from my past that has fueled many, many hours of private time since...picking up where Chapter 1 left off. 

*

That one evening with Julie had been incredible, but confusing. There really hadn't been any conversation that night, Julie didn't really seem all that interested in talking about what it is we were doing and what it all meant. That is, if it meant anything. And while the rest of the three day weekend was good fun, our usual gang went to the beach, went to a ballgame and drank a lot of beer, Julie made only occasional appearances and never at a time that gave me an opportunity to talk to her. When it was time for me to head back to New York she wasn't around, so I said my goodbyes and started driving south. I enjoyed mentally recounting the events of Saturday night, but was still puzzled by her controlling behavior and had no idea if there would ever be anything more that would come from that evening. I certainly hoped so.

I returned to my New York City life. I jumped back in to the grind at work, had a couple of dates the following week, and for all outside appearances was my normal self. But thoughts of Julie were always lingering, and my continued indifference to the girls I was meeting in New York was only worsened by that night after the beach bar. 

Early the next week, Tuesday night to be exact, I got back to my place pretty late. I worked late and was invited to a rooftop party in the city afterwards by a woman I had been out with a couple of times. I walked in to my apartment, dropping my briefcase and punched the button to listen to messages. There was only one and the voice made me stop right away. It was Julie in that distinctive deep throaty pitch. She told me she was going to be in New York the following weekend, not the city, but at her parents place north of the city off the Hudson River. I always knew Julie came from money, but never knew any of the details and had only a vague notion she was from New York. She was having a few friends together and invited me to come join. She added she knew it was a drive, it really wasn't, and invited me to 'throw some things in a bag and stay if you want.' The invitation was all very, well, confusing. But on the other hand, I was going to be in town. And, well you know the rest of my logic, of course I was going and of course I was going to bring some stuff. 

Saturday afternoon I drove out of the city and followed the river north. When I exited the highway in to Julie's family's village it was just as I suspected. Exclusive, big money looking. And as I followed the directions the homes got bigger, more stately. The landscaping followed suit, and finally I turned right past the stone pillars that marked their drive. I pulled up to a very nice house at the end of the long drive, not ostentatious, but very nice. I parked, left my bag in the car, and tried to figure out where I should go. I heard some voices over by the pool, so I followed them. I turned the corner of the house and found a group of a couple of girls lounging by the pool, apparently gossiping and laughing loudly. The make shift bar set up on a table near their lounge chairs make it clear that drinks had been flowing, and the girls were already quite comfortable for mid-afternoon. Julie was in the middle of the group, seemingly working through the same ritual of catching up with her New York friends that I went through when I arrived in Boston. I waited rather than interrupt her story, and quite honestly enjoyed the view. The girls weren't in swimwear, but it was a warm mid-September day and they were all in loose fitting summer wear. Finally Julie finished her story, complete with dramatic arm waving and theatrics, and noticed that I had wandered in. She smiled, and walked my way. 'So you found the place ok.' Julie gave me a friendly hug, a hug that didn't clear up any confusion about what we were doing, and grabbed my arm to as she playfully dragged me to introductions. The introductions were brief, and I have a terrible habit of not listening, so within a minute I couldn't have told you who was who. And Julie's introduction of me didn't give any indication of my role or status, it didn't help at all. The girls all had that look of good breeding and money, though they were all fairly average looking. One of the girls, Carolyn, was distinctive for having big boobs, but that was about it. 

Julie handed me her glass as she glanced around the table. 'Why don't you check if the girls need a refill while you are getting me one.' Again that way of telling people what to do as only she can...and yet we all do it. I should add Julie looked great. A short skirt showed off her long legs, and her top hung loosely giving regular flashes of cleavage. 

I did as I was told, and Carolyn held out her glass for a refill too. I thought I caught a twinkle from Carolyn, I couldn't tell if it was flirtatious or if she was enjoying watching me do Julie's bidding. But either way we both knew I was doing what Julie told me to do. A pitcher of some version of a margarita was already mixed at the makeshift bar, so I shook it in ice, poured and served. Carolyn was grateful, and went out of her way to bend over to reach for her glass. I got an intended eyeful of her generous bosom, and she smiled when I looked up. It was clear she had caught me peeking. Julie was chattering on her phone, and only gestured to a side table where I should put her glass. I had grabbed a beer for myself and went in search of an opener. 

The girls only stuck around for about another hour and a half or so. They liked to drink and laugh loudly, but as if on cue they all gathered their stuff and did a round of goodbye hugs before drifting off toward cars. Julie saw them off to the cars, then wandered back to the pool area where I had opened another beer. Now we were alone, truly alone, and I had no idea what would come next. I know what I hoped for, but was just as confused as ever.

'Did you bring stuff to stay tonight?' she asked. I only nodded, for some reason a little intimidated. 'Why don't you get your bag and bring it down here, you can stay in the guest cottage' Julie said with a wave to a small building adjacent to the pool area. I walked up to my car and grabbed my bag, then came back to the pool area to find Julie again on the phone, stretched out on a lounge chair. Her legs looked a mile long. She got off the phone, and said 'Italian?' in a tone that made it clear she had already made a reservation. 'There is a great casual place with a view of the river, you will love it.' There was a brief pause. 'Sit down, let's talk.' she said in a tone that made it clear I might finally be getting some insight as to what this what we doing, what this all meant. I sat on the side of the adjacent chaise, facing Julie.

'Ok, the sex was good.' she said in a tone that made it clear she was just getting started. 'You followed directions and worked hard, you still can do better, but it was a good first time. You cum really quickly, but most guys do the first time, and your dick is pretty small. But you are smart and funny. I like you, and you would be acceptable to my family.' 

I blushed, and blurted out something stupid like 'I'm flattered.' It was hard to process how bluntly Julie was talking through this weird appraisal of sorts. She was so plain spoken about sex, and it was clear that she was grading my abilities with absolutely no interest in what my thoughts were on the experience. But it was difficult to object, she knew she was hot and she knew how intensely pleasurable it had been for me. And, well, when she watched my dick get hard over and over the facts are pretty plainly obvious. Bottom line, she knew the deal. But it was still unsettling to listen to her talk so plainly about it. And it was all so emotionless and factual...who talks like this?

Julie paused and looked around, I couldn't help but look at how her shirt draped over her bosom. 'Can you get my cigarettes off the bar' she asked. I knew that if I stood up my partial erection would likely be obvious, but as usual saying no was not an option. I walked over and retrieved her pack, as I handed them to her it was clear she had noticed my partial tent. 'Oh, can you get my lighter too.' She said, knowing I was embarrassed by my hardon. She took her lighter, extracted a cigarette and flicked the lighter. As she held up the lighter she took a deep inhale. I couldn't help but watch how her chest rose up high and full.

'So let me tell you how things work. I imagine I do things a lot differently than those blonde airheads you usually fuck, so let me lay it out for you. First of all, if you ever want to get my bra off again you will spend a lot of time on your knees like you did last week. Nothing happens unless a guy spends a lot of time down there with his tongue.'

Julie paused for a moment, brought her cigarette to her mouth and seemed distracted. In some ways it was strange to hear her describe what was sounding like rules, this was all so emotionless, but her habit of telling people what to do made it all a little less bizarre than it would have been from someone else. She then turned back to me in focus. She smiled.

''You are awfully quiet.'

'I guess I've never heard anyone talk this way before' was all I could think to say.

'If you want I can stop, and we forget anything ever happened. Or do you want me to go on?' Before I could say anything Julie's eyes dropped to my waist. 'I have a feeling you want me to keep going'. I just nodded. It was obvious I was in over my head, but I had to pursue this.

'Ok. So like I said, you want to play, you are going to have to learn to love using that tongue of yours. But you need to understand, sometimes I am just in the mood to relax and let you get me off a few times...it doesn't always mean you are going to get to fuck. As a matter of fact about half the time I just want to get off a couple of times and that's enough for me. If you don't like that, and if I have to listen to you whine and complain that will be the end of it.' 

I was speechless, I had no idea what to say at this point, but it was also clear she was just getting started. Julie reached over and picked up her empty glass and handed it to me. I knew I had to refill her glass, and at this point couldn't even be embarrassed by being rock hard, fully erect. As I walked to the bar I made some pocket adjustments, there was no hope of hiding it. But at least I could be more comfortable. I emptied the pitcher of whatever it was the girls had been drinking, added some ice, and scurried back to the deck chairs.

'Thanks' Julie offered kind of halfheartedly. 'Yeah, so like I said, if you can't hack that giving me some tongue doesn't always mean you get to fuck, well ....' She just tailed off at the end, but her meaning was obvious. 'And don't ask me for a blowjob again. I mean, it's not like I've never sucked dick, but, well, I just shouldn't have to do that under the circumstances.' Her tone wasn't mean; in fact it was quite pleasant. But she was just so direct about it all.

I had no idea what Julie meant by 'under the circumstances', but was didn't dare ask her or even say anything that could be construed as an objection. 'No problem, I understand' was all I could manage. 

'Ok. Now, about these.' Julie hefted one of her breasts in each hand through her top. I inhaled sharply, and I know she noticed. 'No different than last time, you don't touch without permission. And don't be asking me all the time, there is no reason why we can't have a little play without you grabbing at them every time. As an occasional treat, that's fine. But most of the time, it's no.' 

Julie knew very well the impact of what she just said, and her nonchalance in taking her boobs off the table was frustrating and infuriating. And I had to admit that at that exact moment I wanted them so badly, and she knew it. And, she knew that I knew that she knew. And she knew I would sit there and nod my head like it was all the most reasonable thing in the world. And I did.

Julie swung her legs over toward me, stood up and took my hand. I stood up and she gave me a long passionate kiss, pushing her body in to my hard cock. I groaned and pushed back. 'C'mon, and bring your bag' was all she said as she sauntered toward the poolside guest cottage. I scrambled for my bag and hustled after her. 

The guest cottage was very small, basically two bedrooms and a full bathroom with no kitchen or living space. In one of those bedrooms Julie turned to me and gently pulled my shirt up over my head. She had me kick of my sandals as she undid my belt and my shorts. She didn't comment this time as my shorts dropped and revealed my pre-cum spotted underwear. I tugged them off and put them in the bath while Julie slipped out of her shorts and laid back on the bed. I walked back in to bedroom with a stiff cock, and this time didn't wait to be directed. I got on my knees and put my head between her thighs. She touched my head gently, approvingly. I went to work, following the directions as I remembered them from the previous session. She did redirect me a little bit, but mostly kept one hand on the back of my head and murmured encouragement. She came powerfully several times; I wasn't surprised because she was already soaking wet when I started. And when she was done she gently pushed my head back, I didn't have to be told to get her cigarettes for her this time. She sat up; looking blissfully relaxed, and gazed briefly at my hard as steel cock. 'Let's get dressed and go have some dinner' she said, making it clear that this was my first lesson. I feigned casual acceptance, though I wanted to climb on top of her so badly. But I smiled and said 'Let's do that.'

Dinner was a fog, and Julies low cut top didn't help the state I was in at all. Twice she playfully lifted my chin as a reminder not to stare at her cleavage. A few glasses of wine helped me relax from the stress of being so incredibly turned on without relief. Dinner was quite good, and the setting was as lovely as she had promised, but it was very difficult to think about anything but how badly I wanted her. When we left the restaurant and returned to the guest house Julie led me inside and called over her shoulder for me to get undressed as she disappeared in to the bathroom. I did as instructed, feeling a bit uncomfortable being hard when we hadn't even done anything yet. Julie slipped out of the bathroom; her eyes immediately went to my hardon. She pointed to the nightstand and said 'Tissues.' I was mortified by the strand of precum I was leaking again. Again Julie put me on my knees between her thighs; I prayed this wouldn't be another one way session. And mercifully after she quickly reached a fairly loud orgasm she pulled herself up on to her elbows, her shirt and bra still firmly in place. 'Go wash your face and climb up here with me.'

I scurried off to the bathroom and washed up, and remembered this time to clean up the puddle I left on the floor as Julie watched from the bed with an amused grin. I climbed in to the bed and found Julies top was still on, knowing that meant her boobs were off limits. Julie wrapped herself around me and her hand found my stiff cock. I hissed as she whispered in to my ear 'Let's see if the little guy can last longer this time.' Her hand gripped my shaft and slowly pumped up and down, and I could feel I was already losing control. I tried to grab for her wrist but Julie sharply said 'Don't!'. I was only a couple of strokes away and we both knew it. My head slowly rolled back as Julie forced me over the edge. 

The first shot of cum hit my chin, followed by a more powerful second shot that hit my face. Julie steadily stroked me out as I moaned and left half a dozen globs of cum all over my face and chest. I settled in to the bed feeling strange mix of relief, disappointment and shame. Julie knew very well the effect her body had on me and was playing me like a fiddle. She let me rest for a minute or two, then rolled over and straddled my face, lowering her dripping box to my mouth. I didn't need to be told what to do, and started licking. Julie rode my tongue to two orgasms, or more accurately rode my whole face to two orgasms as she left me with a sore neck, jaw and tongue. My face was covered in her juices and my own cum. But still, the sight of her above me, her clothed breasts bouncing and swaying as she rode through her orgasm, left me with a throbbing erection once again. 

Julie finally dismounted my face, and drifted off to the bathroom. I heard water running, then she came back to the room now fully dressed again. Her bust still captivated me, but apparently wasn't in the cards for that night. Julie smiled as she looked at the carnage she was apparently leaving behind, me and the bed covered in her juices and my cum, with me naked and fully erect in the middle of it. 'You could use a shower' she said with a smug pride in what she had created. 'I will come down and get you for breakfast in the morning before you leave, get some rest.' With that she drifted off toward the house. 

I was shell shocked by all that had happened as I just continued to lie on the bed in the midst of the mess. My hand had drifted to my stiff cock without me realizing it, and I slowly stroked as I recounted the afternoon and evening. I had spent hours hard and desperately trying to figure the key to getting my hard cock inside Julie, and it never happened. She had used me for orgasm after orgasm of her own, never let me touch even her fully clothed boobs, for that matter I never got to see them either, and had only quickly jerked me off once. As my hands pace quickened I was sure she knew I was jerking off now, and wished I could have stopped in some kind of demonstration that she didn't control me. But that was impossible, as my pace and grip took me to a series of loud repeated blasts of cum.

I showered that night and slept soundly on the side of the bed that wasn't completely trashed from the evening's activities. In morning I woke with full on boner and a stiff, sore jaw. I started to stroke myself to some relief, but made myself stop assuming Julie would arrive looking for some morning sex. So I shuffled off to the shower again with a stiff cock. The warm water and soap helped a little as I lingered and shaved under the hot streams. It felt good. Lost in the hot water loosening up my body I was startled when I heard Julies voice from the other side of the curtain. 'Are you spending the day in there, or are you interested in breakfast?' 

I jumped, but reflexively called back 'Be out in a second.' For some reason Julie has a way of making everyone not want to disappoint her, and I found myself hurrying and nervous. I turned off the water and peeked out to find the bathroom empty, so I grabbed my towel and quickly dried off, thinking of Julie in the next room and hoping she would be in the mood for a morning quickie. The thought had a near immediate effect on my cock, and as I dried off it made an inevitable climb to pointing skyward. I didn't want to walk out of the bathroom with an erection, but I couldn't very well stay in the bathroom with my clothes in the bed room, so I did the best to conceal my condition with the towel wrapped around my waist, and walked in to the bedroom. Julie was sitting in the overstuffed chair in the corner with the television on, her bare feet tucked under her. She was wearing a well-worn pair of comfortable jeans and had dropped her sandals on the floor. But on top she wore a very tight white t-shirt, straining to contain her bust. Her breasts were so big and so full in that top, I couldn't help but stare. But then anyone would have done the same. For her part Julie didn't look up at first, focused on whatever was on television. But when she did she immediately looked at the obvious tent in the front of my towel, then looked up and smiled. 
