 I kick the door of your apartment shut behind us. Slamming you into a wall, I rip your blouse off and voraciously attack your breasts. My tongue explores your beautiful curves as my fingers work your bra off. As soon as it hits the floor, my mouth immediately covers a nipple and starts sucking on it. Your breasts are really sensitive; you always love this part. I do my best to get you wet as you tear my belt away and work at my pants. When my pants and boxers hit the floor I decide it's time for you to be naked too. Tongue still attending to your breasts, my hands reach around and, after massaging your perfect ass briefly, unzip your skirt and slide it over your hips. I grab your g-string and rip it off, tossing it away. I pick you up by the waist and you wrap your legs around my waist.

I push you up against the wall again for leverage and slam my cock into you, hard. Hard enough that you scream. For a moment I'm afraid that I've taken this "rough" thing we're trying too far, but your scream turns into a loud moan. A bit uncertain I pause to gauge your reaction. I'm reassured as you start moaning how hard you want me to fuck you and begin giving you what you're asking for. I slam myself into you as hard as I can over and over and you beg me to go faster. Our tongues intertwine as I begin slamming into you faster and faster. Whether it's the thrill of trying something new or the different position I don't know, but the feelings are exquisite. I wish I could pound you like this forever. But alas, I'm human, and I start to feel my orgasm approaching. You must sense it too because you start moaning that you want my cum. A minute later I give it to you, in one of the biggest blasts of my life.

We're both coated in sweat and exhausted. I put you down and lead you to the couch, where we sit to catch our breath. Just as I begin to reflect and think what a great idea you had in this rough sex stuff, I feel a wet warmth on my soft cock. I look down to see myself engulfed in your mouth. And I'd thought we were done after one fuck! I know you better. The incredible talents of your tongue have my cock back at full strength for another fuck within minutes. Once I'm ready you slide your lips off my cock reluctantly (you love sucking my cock) and give the head a few parting licks.

Grabbing you around the waist, I toss you back against the couch. I throw myself on top of you and slide my cock into you once again. This time I know exactly what you want and start slamming myself into you as hard and fast as I can. I'm being so rough that you have to grab your breasts to keep them from bouncing around painfully. Seeing you massaging your soft breasts and my big cock sliding in and out of your bald pussy, along with the sound of you moaning for me to fuck you harder, make the experience a hundred times better.

You grab my shoulders and shove left. We roll off the sofa and I land on my back. We've never done it with you on top. I suspect that this could fun. These suspicions are quickly confirmed as you begin gyrating your hips slowly up and down my shaft, a vast change of pace. I move my hands to your breasts, gently massaging them as they move up and down. I relax and prepare to spend an hour or so not doing all the work for once. Your moans indicate that you enjoy this new position at least as much as me; you have an orgasm after only a few minutes. It's great to have found a way to be so lazy and please you so much at the same time!

Time has passed, I don’t know how much. You're on your hands and knees in front of the couch now and I'm kneeling behind you still pounding your pussy as hard as I can. But what's really eliciting the best moans is the finger I have massaging your clit. You scream my name as you bounce back and forth and I enjoy the sight of your breasts jiggling around as much as anything. Attempting to break up the monotony of the last half hour or so, you begin moving gyrating your hips as I slide in and out of you. It's more than I can handle at this point and I begin shooting cum into you. I've worked up quite a rhythm by now, and it's several moments after I've finished my load before I stop my thrusts. Almost the instant I do, I stumble back up to the couch and collapse, pulling you down on top of me. I'm asleep in an instant and you, safe and content with my arms wrapped around you, are only seconds behind.