 The plumber was late, damn it! Thought Mia angrily, she had an appointment at 4 o clock and it was 3 now the plumber was due 2 o clock, she paced the living room, glancing at the clock on the wall, she was about to phone the agency and have her say when the door bell rang.

An angry comment was on the tip of her tongue as she opened it, but it stuck in her throat as she took in the man standing at her door, he was the plumber it said so on his blue t shirt.

"Sorry I'm late, but my truck broke down" he said apologetically, "Oh that's ok, I wasn't in a rush" Mia said in more of a whimper, she just stood there staring at him, her clear green eyes clearly taking in his appearance, he must of stood at 5 foot 11, his short hair was gelled into tiny spikes, he had nicely shaped eyebrows that framed his blue eyes, gorgeous deep blue eyes that Mia wondered if she could drown in them, her gaze slid to his mouth, soft pink lips that looked like they were demanding to be kissed and teased.

Mia jumped startled when he suddenly coughed, she blushed embarrassed, and "Oh erm this way follow me" she said to him and led him in the kitchen.

"It's the sink, I've tightened the pipe but its still leaking," she explained.

She watched him bend down to take a look and her eyes appreciated the position this entailed, he wore jeans that stretched tight across his ass, making her want to reach out and slap it. Again she jumped guilty when he stood quickly and caught her staring, he grinned showing straight white teeth.

"The pipe needs changing, it shouldn't take long, I've just got to go and get the part from my truck" he said and disappeared out the door.

When he came back Mia had put the kettle on, "Tea?" she asked.

"The would be lovely thank you" he said

"Do you take sugar?" he gave a cheeky grin and shook his head.

"No thank you I'm sweet enough", Mia giggled and poured the tea.

She watched as he set to work, his long legs stretched out as he removed the pipe.

"Can you pass me the new fitting please?" he asked, Mia retrieved the piece, as she bent down her hair touched his hand and she could of sworn she heard him moan.

The job was done quickly, which disappointed Mia, she stood and leaned again the counter, the plumber stood, "Job done" he said with a smile.

He walked over to Mia; he stood in front of her before leaning forward Mia gasped slightly before realizing he was reaching for his tea.

He took a gulp of it and set the cup down, "Nice place you have here, live alone?" he asked.

Mia nodded and reached to play with a strand of her hair, the plumber's eyes narrowed on her mouth as she licked her lips, she stared at him hungrily.

He leant forward again but this time he pressed his lips gently on Mia's he pulled back waiting for her reaction.

She put her arms around his neck and pulled her to him, her lips moved against his greedily, his tongue darted in to her mouth, she moaned against him, and pushed her body against his.

His hands slid down to hips encased in a tight skirt, then they moved round to cup her ass, he squeezed.

Mia could feel her nipples pressing through the thin fabric of her bra and blouse, her cunt was throbbing and pulsing she wanted him inside her, she moved her hands to his t shirt and slid them under to feel his hard chest.

She almost cried out when she was suddenly lifted and planted in the work surface, the skirt rode up and he moved between her legs, she leant back as his hand found its way to her swollen cunt.

"Spread your legs" he demanded, she did so and she felt his fingers work there way into her wet panties, he slid his finger up and down her lips, slowly before coming up to pinch her sensitive clit, she pressed her hips against his fingers.

She opened her blouse and started to play with her nipples, she watched as his eyes darkened, and he bent his head, and nipped her growing nipples through her bra as he slammed 2 fingers in to her soaking wet entrance, she cried and gripped the work surface, pulling her legs open wider.

"That's it you slut you like it like this don't you" he said with a growl, he added another finger forcing its way through her tight passage, Mia groaned and bit her lip, she could feel the tension building up.

"Oh god please" she begged as she bucked against him, his thumb came to stroke her clit and she exploded her juices dribbling down her legs.

"You dirty bitch you've made a mess" the plumber said and brought his fingers up for her to suck her juices off. His cock was straining against his jeans, he reached round and undid her bra letting her breasts bounce out, her nipples looked slightly bruised where he had but them, this turned him on even more.

He stepped back to look at her swollen wet cunt, he undid his jeans and pushed them down along with his boxers letting his 7 inch cock spring free, Mia groaned as she looked down at him he was thick and long standing straight up from his dark curly pubic hair.

Mia felt herself get aroused again as she looked at him, she reached down to gently caress her clit and swollen lips, she looked him, he moved forward and pressed the head of his cock against her entrance, he took it in his and hand began sliding it up and down her slit, "Beg me to fuck you like the slut you are" he growled.

"Please fuck me, I want your fat cock in my cunt" Mia moaned helplessly, she was so turned on she would have said anything to him.

He stepped back then slammed into her, he felt her cunt tighten around him, her hot wet tunnel gripping him, as he moved he grabbed her hips, and used them to slam his hips forward.

Mia's knuckles were going white as she gripped the side; the plumber moved faster and harder slamming into her his balls banging against her ass.

He picked her up still with his cock inside her and moved her to the table, before pushing her feet up he held her knees apart, and looked down to watch his cock disappear in to her hairy cunt.

Mia was gasping and writhing, she reached down to play with her clit, fingering it. The plumber dug his fingers into her skin and rammed his cock into her before pulling out and cumming all over her firm breasts, he watched as it dripped off her nipples and ran down her stomach.

Mia brought her hand to rub it against her; the plumber pushed 2 fingers into her cunt, and slammed them into her once, twice before she came screaming.

She sat up her breath coming out in short pants, and watched as he did his jeans up, his cum still glistening on his chest.

"I think I have a leaky shower, will you be able to come out tomorrow and take a look for me" Mia asked with lustful eyes.

The plumber grinned, "Same time?" he asked 

Mia looked at her watch it was ten to four, but she couldn't exactly go and see her gynecologist now!

"Sure" she said, and watched as he let himself out.