 This is a story about that well-connected family down the block. You know who I mean. The retired couple who own that 6,000 square foot Mediterranean mansion on a 10 acre wooded lot with the high fence and electronic gate. They know how to entertain lavishly and you've probably been invited over especially if your kid is a classmate of the young girls who live there. The wife is a knockout even though she's well into her 50's. They made their money in real estate. They are very friendly people

The youngest girl, Julie, is having a party this week with dozens of friends invited, including a lot of neighborhood kids. At least they don't block the street. Rumors say there is sex at these parties but I don't think that's true. There will be four adults we know well chaperoning, and some parents were invited for a few hours to check the place out, so what could go wrong?

Rodryder44

Julianna is 5' 5" tall, 115 pounds with curly red hair extending to the middle of her back. Her green eyes are large and her mouth generous. Her breasts measure 34B with pink nipples. Her waist is narrow accentuating an apple shaped ass. Her legs are long, and well proportioned.

She is now 18 and just graduated high school. Her grandparents are throwing a pool party for her and some classmates. She's happier than she's been in months. She just needed to convince Nina to let her wear a new swimsuit, a 'Wild Weasel'.

Nina is sitting before the large mirror in her dressing room naked as she fixes her eyes. Julie is standing behind her wearing a see-through teddy and an almost-gone g-string that settled between her labia lips rubbing against her sensitive clitoris. Julie is looking at Nina's reflection in the mirror and absent mindedly circles her fingernail around Nina's right nipple. Nina ignored the electricity surging through her nipple.

"Julie, you may as well be naked. That Weasel is nothing more than three postage stamps connected by shoestrings. It will expose half of your pussy lips, honey, and your entire ass. What will your grandfather say?"

Julie knew Nina would mention Papa and was prepared. She continues teasing Nina's nipple making it stand up. Nina ignores the pleasurable throbbing in her pussy by closing her thighs tightly to calm herself and prevent Julie from seeing her wetness.

Julie bends down to her Nina's ear and whispers, "What did grandpa say when Katie wore this?" showing her a photo.

The four year old picture was of her sister Katie in a cropped top with exposed under boobs; plump areolae and taut nipples showing clearly through the sheer wet fabric. The bottom was an abbreviated Daisy Dukes pair of shorts that exposed most of her labia and ass cheeks. She was standing in a pair of clear fuck-me pumps with her hip cocked to the side and her legs parted saucily. She looked like a trailer park home-cuming queen.

Her granddaughter spun the dressing stool around facing her and kissed Nina with lots of tongue. She twisted Nina's nipple and made her moan softly and tremble with her first orgasm of the day. Julie opened Nina's legs with her knee pressing hard against her clit.

"Ohhh, Julie. Please stop, stop! Your grandfather will see us."

"Fuck me Nina, like you fucked Katie."

Nina pulled their lips apart and looked at the vixen in front of her. "You saw that!"

"Yes Nina! It was beautiful, and I couldn't wait to get older and have you do me too." said Julie pulling Nina down on top of her onto the floor.

They kissed and squeezed each other's breasts and ass and rubbed pussies together humping until their clits emerged from their hooded alcoves. They locked legs and orgasmed together multiple times.

From the time she was old enough to understand family relationships Julie wanted to be the eldest. The fact that her sister Katie was 4 years older gnawed at her insides, and every day seemed to bring another new reminder that her older sister was "better."

Katie had all the "firsts." She walked and talked and read first. She rode a bicycle, learned to swim and went to school first, always leaving her behind.

She knew Katie loved her deeply and played with her daily when they were young. She taught her to read and write and ride a bicycle. She taught her how to play board games and hopscotch and jump rope. It just rubbed salt in her wound, that Katie was so nice to everyone.

Julie hated that Katie was four years ahead in school, was a Girl Scout first, and got breasts first.

Julie was 12 when Katie brought her first boyfriend to the house.

He was geeky looking and couldn't seem to speak in complete sentences. Kyle would stay late sitting on the sofa watching TV holding Katie's hand. When he stood up to leave there was something big bulging in front of his pants. Julie was mortified when she saw him kiss Katie on the lips and touch her breast. Her breasts were very developed at 16. Why did he do that?

That night Julie couldn't wait to question Katie about boys. What was that bulge in his pants.

"That's his penis." she said. "Boys put their penises in girls. But you should ask Mom, or Nina about that Julie."

Julie ran to her room and turned on her iMac and Googled 'penis' spending the rest of the night learning about sex. By morning she had all the answers.

Julie continued to stalk Katie and her several boyfriends throughout her high school years.

When Katie went to college Julie was free to charm her grandparents without fear of interruption by the 'fabulous Katie.' She was now number one granddaughter in the household. Her grandparents never remarked negatively about either granddaughter, and treated them equally.

Julie was a natural beauty and grew even more beautiful as she approached adulthood. She excelled in high school. She made friends with girls and boys and had lots of dates but nothing serious developed and she remained a virgin. She was never satisfied with the boys she met believing they were lacking some vital quality.



Nina recalled the night Katie wore that outfit at her own pool party four years ago. She had a long talk with her husband beforehand advising him that Katie would be, for all purposes, naked at the party. Papa objected, not so much about the suit, but because he felt a high school graduation party was not the proper venue for such an outfit. It wasn't even a swimsuit but something you'd find at an old fashioned swimming hole.

"Let her wear it in Cancun. What are the other girls wearing?" Papa asked.

"We know most of the parents and I called the mothers. Our conversations were a riot. It seems swimwear is the hot topic with the preferred goal calling for as little fabric as possible. It appears the girls will all be scantily dressed - naked if you will. All the girls are on birth control and the only thing the mothers said that I vividly remembered was: "Girls will be girls." It's what women want to wear these days." she said stroking Papa's erect cock.

"Let Katie wear it, babe, and I'll wear my gold slut bikini and show off my new tattoo. Promise you won't ogle the girls and I'll take care of you before we go out to the pool, and all night long after the party's over." She did not mention that after they left the floodlights would be turned off until the party ended at midnight.



"You made me wear a one-piece suit that time while you wore that gold bikini that didn't hide anything. C'mon Nina, please?" she pleaded while both lay in each other's arms caressing each other's breast.

Nina relented. Julie didn't know this meant Papa would be getting a fantastic blowjob after the party.

Julie squealed and kissed Nina's face all over shouting "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" and ran out of the dressing room not noticing Papa in the corner of the alcove. Papa went into the dressing room as Nina lay on the floor gently squeezing her nipples with her eyes closed.

"How much did you overhear dear?" she said not opening her eyes. She reached up with her hand and grabbed his rock solid cock through his BVD's.

"I heard enough to know my slut wife has been very, very naughty." he said softly and sat down beside her putting her swollen breast in his mouth and sucking it hard, making her squirm. He knew hearing him call her a 'slut' would make her horny.

Nina is 65 years old, 5'10" tall 135 pounds with curly black hair that extends five inches below her shoulders. Her green eyes are large and expressive, and she wears dark red lipstick on sexy lips. High cheekbones have a slightly olive skin tone inherited from her Sicilian mother.

She has 38C breasts with puffy pink areolae, and nipples that stand out ¾ of an inch when aroused. Her waist is narrow accentuating her peach bottom ass. Her legs are long, a 48" inseam, and well proportioned. She exercises daily with her personal trainer, Anthony, maintaining a BMI of 19.4. A Cougar, she looks 20 years younger.

"How long have you been fucking our granddaughter?" he said slipping two fingers into her cunt.

"Once, today, and she seduced me!" she replied lifting her hips so he could get his searching fingers in deeper, placing her hand over his and urging him faster.

"And Katie?" he asked using his thumb to toggle her clit at the same time.

Nina arched her back and squeezed her thighs together gripping his hand as she felt an orgasm overtaking her.

"With Katie, a lot, starting right after her own pool party. She looked just like her mother and had the cutest ass and pussy as you know; her ass, not her pussy. Then it became regular after she saw you ravishing me in front our neighbors Roz and Cynthia and their husbands. She said either I fuck her or she would fuck you." arching her back for him and cuming again.

"I'd have resisted her." Papa said, his cock growing bigger.

"I know. There's enough available pussy around to satisfy you." she replied grabbing his side to tickle him.

"I want you to invite Roz and Cynthia to the party to help us chaperone. Tell them they can have their pickings from a dozen 18 year old guys and one 65 year old stud with a 10 inch cock.

I expect them to take no prisoners, but let the kids live to have a great summer and then head off to college. And you, my slutty large-assed whore, cannot have sex with the boys, but you can suck them and be very naughty otherwise."

"Now my cheating slut, get into position on the bed while I fuck your whoring ass and then let you go shopping for new slut wear and to fuck someone and tell me about it later."

"I can date again, really?" She said quickly jumping on the bed with her ass up and her hands pulling her cheeks apart.

"Still playing the innocent, huh, Ashley?

"I know you get a bigger thrill when you fuck behind my back.

"Don't you think I see Anthony's cock peeping out of his shorts when he gets here, and two hours later it's all shriveled up when he leaves? I had cameras installed in the gym to protect me from a robbery. I found out all that time your personal trainer was stealing your cunt from me. Maybe you'd like to invite him to the party and let everyone see your fuck toy.

"I'll show you all the videos, slut, as they are excellent masturbating material. You can still be a porn star you know, with your body and your charms and flexibility." Michael said as he slammed his cock into her ass.

"I'm sorry I cheated on you, Michael. I'll never do it again, and I will tell you everything. I don't want to share Anthony just yet."

"I love you my lying, cheating, cock sucking whore and just hope you don't come back with an STD like Cynthia did."

"Cynthia told me about her bout of gonorrhea, but how did you know?"

"She was nice to tell me about it as I was fucking her. I took medication."

"You fucked Cynthia? When? I don't remember that!"

"Ash, I fuck her regularly when you fuck your black stud I'm next door fucking Cyndi.

I fuck all your friends. You should see the cute tattoo on Rosalind's vulva. Betty has a sensitive vaginal wart that drives her crazy during sex. Barbara screams loudly when she comes. Blair...."

She realizes the thought of Michael fucking all her girlfriends is giving her a big orgasmic rush blocking out the sound of his voice. She imagined him as a satyr with an unholy big cock fucking hundreds of women lying by the roadside with their legs pulled up exposing enormous cunts. She wants to see Michael fuck Cynthia. The thought is making her nipples pop.

"Michael, I wanna watch you fuck my girlfriends." She arched her back as another wave surged over her body. She had to watch. "I want to eat your cum out of their pussies."

"Their cunts, Ash. Pussies belong to good girls. I'm cuming, slut. Cuming." He shuddered, releasing copious ropes of cum in her ass and making her cum again. He collapsed next to her.

Her orgasm wound down and she turned over snuggling next to him.

"I want to watch you fuck my friends. Pig."

"Slut." he replied as both fell asleep.

Julie drove to Tina's Beauty Salon to prep for the pool party. Nina gave a Brazilian Wax Party for her and a select group of girlfriends.

Tina closed the shop and pulled the blinds down as naked girls paraded around playfully calling each other names: "Slut", "Cock sucker", "Cunt."

Camera phones snapped pictures of the girls kissing, and feeling each others' boobs and pussies. They lay on the floor in a daisy chain with their lips in each other's pussy.

When Tina had to run home for more wax Dawn texted her boyfriend to come over, blindfolded him and made him eat out all seven girls. He correctly identified only Julie's pussy. Julie saved her friendship with Dawn by convincing her that mathematically hers was the only name left 'in the hat' that he hadn't called before.

Ashley went shopping with Anthony telling him how she came when Michael told her he knew she was fucking him. Anthony pulled over to the side of the busy street and lifted Ashley onto his swollen cock and fucked her in the front seat.

"Did you tell Mike how big I am and how much your pussy stretches to greet my cock?"

Passer-bys stopped to stare, take pictures and clapped. Ashley dipped her fingers into her cum-filled cunt and licked them for her audience's approval.

Anthony fucked Ash's ass in the stairwell of the mall and she was very upset because there were only three onlookers.

Anthony then located a black security guard and convinced the brother to open a vacant storefront and let Anthony fuck her "In Macy's window" to a crowd of dozens before they slipped out the back door.

Friends who saw Nina sent pictures to Papa's cell phone. Papa saw them and smiled.

They finally got to the lingerie shop where they fucked once in the aisle and once in the dressing room. Anthony selected a Bardot black and pink bustier set, and a Magic Wave cupless bra and crotchless teddy and fucked her through the opening in the crotch. She also bought a Sherrylou Brazilian micro bikini in black. It's almost as small as Julie's Weasel

The shop proprietress watched Ash get pummeled by his big cock and booked Anthony for an Erotic Massage.

Anthony carried a nearly naked, and thoroughly fucked, Ashley to his car and brought her to his shop where he fucked her ass again on the massage table. Ashley fell asleep and jumped awake with an excruciating pain discovering he had pierced her labia with a gold ring.

She sucked his cock until the pain in her pussy eased. He then fucked her with his cock ring 'clink' with hers as he thrust in and out. For her it was a mind-bending sensation she didn't want to stop.



The pool party had been the the talk of the school all week. The kids played dirty sex games like "Truth or Dare", "Strip Pong", "Strip Jenga", a Wet T-shirt Contest, and Strip Spin the Bottle.

A dozen parents showed up and toured the pool area and watched their kids playing their sex games and asked to join in. Coincidentally the husbands came without their wives and the wives without their husbands.

The parents stayed for about an hour and left the premises.

Dawn won the wet t-shirt contest by parading around without any bottom and large holes in her t-shirt freeing her pierced breasts.

Danielle won the Truth or Dare game by letting Jon fuck her ass.

Edward won the Strip Jenga game and the right to fuck Carole's pussy.

Jill won the strip pong contest and had Harry eat her waxed pussy in front of his steady girlfriend Zoey.

Papa won the strip spin the bottle game and had Nina strip in front of everyone. Everyone liked Nina's waxed pussy and the little devil imp tattoo on her ass cheek. Papa didn't know what to say when he saw the pussy ring. Nina just smiled and looked at her fingernails.

Two boys came on Nina's ass and Julie licked cum off her.

Two couples broke up at the party due to jealousy.

Papa got three lap dances while sitting in his bathing trunks. Each dancer wiggled his covered cock into their pussy, and made him cum. The front of his trunks were covered in white pussy cream. The girls convinced him to take his suit off exposing his 10 inch erect cock

Nina was finger fucked by one of the football players while Papa watched. He was angry because no game was involved.

Nina cock sucked all the boys in the gazebo and had them cum in her mouth and on her face and breasts. Nina lost her bikini somewhere and had to fend off the boys grabbing her tits and sticking their fingers in her cunt and ass. She didn't bother getting another suit from the house.

By 10 PM everyone was naked.

Papa fucked Cynthia and Roz while Nina watched and toyed with her pussy ring. Nina ate Papa's cum from her girlfriends' pussies giving each an additional orgasm.

Cynthia and Roz told Nina that Papa had four beads inserted in the base of his penis that drove them wild when they rubbed against their clit and G spot. Nina grabbed Papa's cock and saw the bumps from the beads. Papa just smiled and looked at his nails.

Roz and Cynthia did all the boys twice, and some of the girls.

All the girls did anal, and deep-throated every cock at the party.

Brothers and sisters and cousins, and one aunt,fucked each other several times.

Nina confessed to Papa that she fucked Anthony more than a dozen times today and told him where and who was there as she stroked Papa's hard cock in plain view of everyone. Papa forgave Nina for being a slut and admonished her for not taking more pictures for him to see as she openly sucked his cock.

As an afterthought Papa told her that her sister Lilly stopped by for a visit and saw the photos of Ashley fucking Anthony in the store window. Lilly asked Papa to fuck her and she walked to her car bowlegged and happy, promising to bring her sister, Gina, for a visit. Lilly became spastic with his penile pearls. Papa then put Lilly's pink thong around his head.

Nina was too shocked to respond, so Papa got up and looked around for Rosalind's ass. He wondered if Ash would ever tire of Anthony's cock. Fuck the slut.



Julie was ecstatic to see that the DJ for the party was Kyle, Katie's on-again off-again boyfriend.

All night long Julie stood by him looking through his CD collection and bending over so that sometimes he would see her ass and pussy, and other times her breasts. Julie made certain he had a hard on for when the lights went out.

When Nina and Papa finally left the party Julie had Kyle loop several CDs for continuous play, turned the pool flood lights off and snuck Kyle up to her room. July had already replaced her night lamp bulb with a red one to give the room a brothel glow.

Julie stripped off Kyle's bathing suit, sat him on her bed and licked his 8" cock just like she saw her sister do years before. She licked him long and sweetly and then swallowed him in one gulp. Kyle fell back on the bed with his eyes rolling in their sockets. She stroked and sucked him long and hard then stopped as pre cum oozed out of his cock.
