 I know this seems like a sort of hackneyed story line but I hope I introduced a few new twists. All comments appreciated. All the senior lettermen were 18 or over. 

********

Despite suffering all the bad jokes people throw at me; being a plumber is a pretty good occupation. I make good money, work regular hours, and ever since my boss realized that I have a knack for doing new construction with a minimum of waste and time, that's all I do. I don't snake drains or clean toilets. Its good clean, sometimes hard, work. 

The good pay facilitates the social part of my life which revolves around a certain bar close to my house. This particular bar is very special because right across the street from it is a school that teaches medical coding. It's a two week course and most of the students are young nurses. Since they have the middle weekend off they tend to want to relax and enjoy themselves. The owners of the school (more about them later) recommend this bar as a good place to let off some steam. In return the bar's owner comps the school owners' drinks. It's a great example of business symbiosis.

This works to my benefit because I'm reasonably good looking (or so I've been told) and thoroughly enjoy the company of young women. They seem to genuinely enjoy me as well. My Friday night routine is to go home, get cleaned up after work, change the sheets, go to the bar to have a beer or two, and shoot a couple games of pool while I scope out the possibilities. When I find someone attractive I buy her a beverage and chat her up. If she seems willing I ask her to dinner and let nature take its course. I haven't spent a weekend alone for a couple of years. I have hooked up with a few locals but generally found them to be a bit clingy and expect to be courted every day. There are no such expectations from the out of town women and during the week I just go home after work and relax alone.

A few weeks ago a monkey wrench was thrown into the works. All the students were male! Some of the other regulars found that interesting but it's not what 'floats my boat'. I was just about to go to 'Plan-B' and call a 'local' but took one more look around first. A young woman walked in and took a seat at the bar. She has a pretty face but I really couldn't tell much about her body. From the way she moved I thought that I'd like to learn more. Most of the women that go there are wearing business attire. She had on plain gray baggy sweats.

She ordered a glass of white wine and the bartender gave me a nod. I sat next to her, nodded in her direction, and smiled. She returned the smile and I introduced myself. She did the same. Her name is Darcy. I learned that she owns the new gym/studio that just opened a block or so away. That explained the garb. I also learned that she was teaching four or more classes a day until all her staff was on board. That reinforced my suspicion that there was a tight body underneath those sweats. We talked a bit and I bought her another wine. As we chatted I saw the two owners of the coding school, Jeanette and Coleen, walk in. I knew each of them well. They are who told me about this place.

I was getting a good feeling so I asked Darcy out for dinner. "I appreciate the offer but I still have two classes to teach. By the time I'm done with them I'll just collapse on the bed." I told her that collapsing on the bed was exactly what I had in mind. She laughed. "You're direct and to the point. I admire that but the answer is still no for tonight. By next Friday I should be fully staffed and be able to enjoy a nice three day weekend. Can I get a rain check?" She fished a card from her fanny pack and wrote a number on the back. Below it was written "Cell. Please call about Friday"

I had forgotten that next weekend was Labor Day but then remembered that the school with the nurses would be closed. "Would you like to meet here at 6:00 on Friday?" She smiled and told me she'd love to. I couldn't believe I had actually made a real date. Weekend stands had proven so fruitful that it had been a long time. I gave her my card.

"You're a plumber? I just love a man who knows nice plumbing especially when it's installed right on the inside!" I laughed and acknowledged her directness as well. It was a variation of an old joke but still funny. She excused herself and went to the rest room. When she came back she was stopped by Jeanette and Coleen. I saw them speak and look in my direction smiling. Darcy came back and gave me a kiss on the cheek, with a squeeze high on my thigh, and left.

I wondered what I would do. I didn't really want to insult either Jeanette or Coleen by asking the other out; but within a few seconds they both came over. They sandwiched me and both had a hand on my crotch and their chests pushed against my sides. Jeanette cooed with her African accent, "Too bad your friend had to leave but I think her loss might be our gain. I told them I was game and they both knew where I lived. Coleen answered, "Let's go to our place, we have more toys than you."

I followed them to their condo, wondering just what the weekend would bring. I'd done my share of threesomes before but never with two so distinctly different women. I was pretty sure I wouldn't be disappointed.

Coleen and Jeanette are in many ways as dissimilar as night and day. Jeanette is tall, statuesque, with "D- cup" tits, has jet-black hair, eggplant colored skin, full lips, a soft pussy with full very course hair, and a beautiful pear shaped ass. When I fuck her she loves cowgirl and doggie style for maximum penetration. Those big tits also make her a great titty-fuck. 

Coleen is less than five foot and thin, bordering on skinny. She has light red hair, alabaster skin with no freckles, "A-cup" tits, pussy fur so fine it tickles my nose, and ass cheeks that ride high. Her cunt is tight and shallow and she likes missionary and reverse cowgirl. I bottom out on her easily and don't want to damage that little thing so I have to be careful with her.

Two things they have in common are a love for getting fucked, each in their preferred style, and both are passionate about drinking cum. When we entered the condo they stripped me and then each other very slowly and methodically. The way they caressed each other's tits let me know that they were prepared to give me quite a show, but before they started they shared my cockhead in the middle of a very long and lingering kiss. Each tongue seemed to be searching for the others but my cock was very happily running interference. 

Coleen asked, "You don't mind if we warm each other up a bit do you? You can jump in anytime you want." They didn't wait for an answer but dropped onto the bed and began sucking each other's pussy. The skin and size contrast was almost as exciting to watch as their tongues in action.

I watched for a while and when Coleen flipped over on her back and offered Jeanette her ass to eat. I moved to her head and presented my cock to her lips. She gave great tongue but I knew better than to try to shove it down her throat. She made a valiant effort to take it all but just choked after a couple of inches. I let her suck me for a few minutes and moved to the other end and slowly pushed my cockhead into her cunt while Jeanette continued to work her anus. A few minutes of this and Jeanette began alternating from her ass to licking my balls and shaft. Since I couldn't bury my shaft in Coleen, Jeanette had plenty to work with when she went there.

Coleen began to cum and I quickened my stroke, hitting bottom just as she went over the edge. I pulled out and Jeanette licked me clean and then sucked up Coleen's ample juice. I laid on my back and Jeanette took the cowgirl position and buried all ten inches inside her big soft cunt while she presented her humongous tits and nipples to my mouth. I eagerly began sucking on them. Her tits are large enough that I can squeeze them together and lick both nipples at the same time. Coleen moved down and began licking my balls and then my shaft as I plunged in and out of Jeanette's cunt. Her hand soon replaced her mouth on my balls and I could tell that she was now rimming Jeanette.

Jeanette began to cum and I gave her all the length I had. I pulled out when she was done and as Coleen licked me clean I sucked pussy juice from Jeanette's cunt, which she eagerly presented to my mouth. I could feel her course pussy hair abrading my lips but she loved it too much for me to stop. 

Jeanette rolled off and the two of them began attacking my cock with their tongues and lips. When they were both sharing my cockhead at the same time and I could feel their tongues fighting one another I let go. I watched as each tried to each get all they could. 

That's how the whole weekend went with the addition of a few sex toys. By Sunday afternoon my lips were almost bleeding, my balls were aching, my asshole was chapped, and my cock was sore. Despite that all of us were pretty satisfied though. I went home, took a shower, applied balm and lotions to the affected areas, and went to sleep. I always thought "fucked to death" was just a saying but another day of that might have killed me or at least damaged some of my prized assets beyond restoration.

The next week dragged. I was dying to peel back Darcy's heavy sweats to see if my suspicions about her body were right. That got a little unraveled on Friday afternoon when my supervisor called. "I need you to go to this address and handle a service call." I reminded him that I had already hit forty hours but he cut me off. "You are the only guy left. Everyone else is either in the field or on vacation. Speaking of vacations; you have one coming up soon and since this is a holiday weekend you'll get triple time for this job. I really need you there PDQ and I guarantee you won't be upset with the job." I sighed and asked for the address. 

I could see that I didn't really have a choice and the idea of having a couple hundred more dollars to spend on vacation was pretty appealing. I rang off and called Darcy. I explained that I had to work over but would call her when I was home and cleaned up. She said, "I can always find work to do until you're done. Why don't you give me your address and call me when you're close? I can meet you at your place and we could get cleaned up together." That certainly worked for me. I gave her my address.

I arrived at the job site and found a rather large house behind a gate. I could tell that I was on the rim of a canyon and knew the house had to have a prime view. I was right. I rang the buzzer on the gate and a soft feminine voice asked who I was and my business. I identified myself and held my work ID up to the camera. She told me to come to the front door but to take off my shoes and socks before entering. I loaded a satchel with tools and sat on the provided bench to remove my footwear and when I rang the doorbell the door opened as if by remote control.

I recognized her immediately, of course. What red blooded American male in his thirties wouldn't? I tried to be cool and asked her what sort of problem she was having. She directed me to follow her. It was a beautiful house and the view of the valley below was spectacular. But the view of her hips swaying in front of me as we passed down a long hallway stole most of my attention. Below the hips were those long shapely legs that I had seen wrapped around so many lucky guys' necks. She was wearing a short terry bathrobe that barely covered that wonderful ass. There was a mirror at the end of the hall and I could see that the front was barely held closed by a loosely tied sash. A nice cleavage was visible.

We walked through a large bedroom that contained lots of mirrors and the biggest bed I had ever seen. On the other side of that was a bathroom with a gigantic shower and a jetted tub large enough to have a party in. I saw immediately what her issue was. The tub was very full and not running. "I have no idea what the problem is. I filled it and it was running but the minute I got in it turned off. "I explained that she had too much water in it and when she got in she probably got the switch wet and tripped a breaker. "It's the first time I've used it. I didn't know."

I checked the GFI and sure enough it was tripped. "OK it's not a big problem. I just have to let some water out, pull the switch cover and dry it out." She volunteered to let some water out and as she bent over I was presented with a wonderful view of her tits. I wondered how many times I had seen them on the big screen in my youth. They looked even better close up and years later. 

I sat on the floor and removed the front panel so I could turn off the main breaker. "How do I know how much to fill it?" I explained that most people get in it while they fill it to where they want, turn the water off, and when they're done get out and make a mark on a yardstick or something. She went to a cabinet and pulled out a yardstick. From my vantage on the floor I got a full view of her ass as she bent over to get it. "Is that what this is?" I stood and looked at it. It had three marks. I explained that one was for one person and the second was for two. "And three is for three people? This tub was supposed to be for me or us! That no good three timing, cheating, little, and I do mean little, prick!" Her face was scarlet. "Twin executive assistants my ass!" She threw the stick across the room and then turned calm as if she had just thrown a switch. 

"I'm sorry. That was just a big surprise. A lady shouldn't get mad; just get even. Whew, it's hot in here." I made some lame comment about all the hot water sitting there but I knew that's not what made her boil. I began removing the switch cover and, sure enough, the well was full of water. She walked into a closet and she removed the sash as she made her way. A mirror on the back of the closet afforded me a great full frontal view. Her body was as impressive now as it was when I was a teen. I turned away before she caught me looking but glanced up just in time to see her drop that robe and put on another, lighter one. When she emerged I could see that it was pretty flimsy silk, the same length as the other, and tied even looser than the terry one had been. She graced me with a smile.

I took some rags from my satchel and began to mop out the water from the well. I got most of it but a test with a paper towel indicated that there was more. I told her that I had to go to my truck to get a heat gun unless she had a hairdryer handy. She went over to a drawer and bent over to pull the dryer out. As she did so one beautiful tit escaped. "Whoops!", as if I needed my attention drawn to it. She tucked it back in and handed me the dryer with a little grin. I kept my front pressed to the side of the tub so she couldn't see my growing bulge and blew the switch completely dry. My hard-on had subsided a little by the time I returned the dryer to her. I did catch her glancing down though and as she stowed the dryer away the other tit fell out. She knew she didn't need to make a sound to get my attention this time. 

I kept telling myself that she was just a veteran porn star who had made a living teasing cocks and this meant nothing. That said, she may have been retired but was still good at it and had me hard again. I sat down on the floor, turned on the breaker, got up, and started to replace the switch cover. I told her she could add water if she wanted and as she turned the water on her thigh brushed up against mine. I could smell her pussy scent; she was so close. She went over to retrieve the yardstick from where she had thrown it and as she bent over her legs were spread wide. She gave me a good long view of her ass all the way around to her shaved pussy. I was close enough to see the glisten of her juices seeping down her inner thighs. There was no hiding my formidable bulge this time as I stood and she didn't try and hide where her eyes were fixed either.

She turned off the water when it hit the middle mark. Somehow her hands were suddenly under my shirt and she was pinching my nipples. She pulled my shirt up and I helped her strip it off. "You didn't really think I was going to test it alone did you?" She undid her sash and let her short robe drop to the floor. My hands gravitated to her large soft tits while hers worked my belt and zipper. Her lips found my nipples before she slowly sank to her knees and pulled my jeans down. I stepped out of them and she blew a stream of hot breath through my boxers; hooked her thumbs in the waistband and pulled them down. My cock sprang up to meet her hungry lips. She moved down and licked and sucked my balls then shaft. "A real man's cock with a real man's scent and taste. I wasn't expecting this to be so good, or big. "How are you at controlling that thing?" I told her that I was usually pretty good but that she had been putting me through hell for the last hour. She took me all the way down but just once after a few tries. In her movies it had been her trademark feat and she was the first to ever successfully do me.

"Still have it but that beast gave me some trouble. I need you to do what I ask and when I ask. We don't have a lot of time before 'little prick' gets home. Above all don't cum until I tell you. Get in the tub, sit down and fuck me. We climbed in and when I sat she impaled her cunt on my cock. She rode it hard for a while and then knelt on the other seat. "Fuck me from the back. I want it all and hard." I did as she ordered and after about five minutes she barked at me to stick it in her ass. That was something I never saw her do in her movies but I wasn't about to hesitate. She began to cum almost immediately. I was having a hard time not joining her. She must have sensed that because she pushed me back and out, turned, and took me in her mouth again. Her finger found my anus and she pushed it all the way in. "Now feed me!" 

As if on cue I emptied my balls into her waiting mouth. She held it in her cheeks like a chipmunk and reached for a glass that was sitting on the rim of the tub. She spit it in the glass and then began sucking the finger that had just been buried in my ass. She went back and sucked out every last drop and spit all that in the glass also. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed. I'd seen her swallow gallons of cum on screen. What was wrong with mine? She seemed to sense my feelings and winked. "You'll see." It was all she said before kissing my cock and balls one more time and climbing out of the tub. I followed.

We dried off and I got dressed. She put on a full length terry robe this time and asked if I knew who she was or had seen any of her movies. I told her that I had seen them all at least twice and some three or four times. "You must have been very young." I admitted that I was in my teens but my brother worked in the theater and would sneak me in. I then confessed that I kept her centerfold under my mattress and when I got back from the theater would look at it, go to the bathroom and jerk off. She laughed. "I'm flattered." I told her that I imagined my left hand to be her mouth and my right her pussy. That really made her laugh. 

"Next weekend we're scheduled to go to Europe for four days. If I cancel at the last minute 'little prick' will still have to go. Actually, since his twin whores will be there he might like it. Maybe we could have a nice long leisurely weekend together. I have one movie that I know you've never seen but we could watch it together and maybe you would jerk off on my tits and face for me. I'd love to watch that up close and personal. The real thing has got to be better for you than some picture with a staple in my belly-button! I have a lot more than that in mind though."

We walked to the front door and she carried the glass of cum. Halfway down the hall there was a little bar and she dropped in a few ice cubes and a good jigger of Baileys. "He likes his sissy cocktail when he gets home. What time can you be here on Friday?" I explained that I would have to go back to the office at five, go home and clean up. "I don't want you cleaned up. I want you hot and sweaty! The sweatier the better." I told her six. "Just ring at the gate. The door will be unlocked and you'll see just how ready I am when you walk in."
