 You and I have been lovers for quite some time. Our meetings, always eagerly anticipated by us both, have allowed us sensual and sexual pleasures beyond any that we'd previously dreamed. Never in our lives had we met someone so exciting, so erotic, and so full of imagination for exploring one another's bodies in the endless search for pleasure.

I had recently moved, and you were to be bringing some things over to my new apartment. You were given a key, and an address, but had not yet been over to my new place. All the way over, driving to my house, your mind drifted back to the many sexual episodes we shared, and you wondered what magic this new apartment would bring: Would it have a balcony? Somewhere to make love on in the moonlight, possibly in view of neighbors houses? Would there be a hot tub on the back porch? A large shower enclosure big enough for two adults to move around in? And where would the bedroom window be located — just above a garden of fragrant plants and flowers, filling the air in the bedroom with exotic scents? You felt yourself getting more than a little excited as you parked on the street outside my apartment building and walked up the stairs to the door.

Your first thought upon opening up the door is that you must have the wrong apartment; the living room is completely devoid of furniture and not a box or bag litters the floor. You double-check the door and the apartment number is correct, and the key did open it… but wait? There on the floor in the middle of the living room; a box with a small stuffed-toy gorilla on it, holding a card with your name…

You close the door, locking it behind you, and cross to the middle of the room. Reaching the box, you kneel down and pick up the gorilla and his card. The gorilla has a small, happy face, and a furry body, and you can't resist giving him a hug as you open the card. The handwriting is mine, and inside is simply a piece of paper, with the following inscription: "Come and meet me in the jungle…" You put the gorilla down, and pick up the box. It is a clothing box, like you'd find at a department store and bound simply with a ribbon. Opening it up, and peeling aside the tissue within, you suddenly feel your breath leave you, and your legs grow weak… inside, is a simple bikini: made from a soft, yet crude cloth; unhemmed, just cut out of material. A bottom and top; soft, delightfully sexy, and quite small. You look around the room; it's large, even larger with no furniture, and the naked feeling of the room is already insinuating it's way into you. You drop your purse to the floor, and then slowly undress, unbuttoning your blouse and dropping it to the floor, you unhook your bra, and allow your nude breasts to push it away from you, then shrugging, allow it to fall off your body. You unzip your skirt at the side, and drop it to the floor, stepping out of it and your shoes at the same time, then pulling your panties over your hips, you lower then slowly to the ground and step out of them, completely nude. Your nipples are already erect and inflamed, your pussy lips beginning to moisten as you pick up the bikini I left for you.

You study the top for several moments before deciding how to put it on; you think that I must not have paid much attention as I was cutting it out, but then, tying it on behind your neck and in back, you realize that I meant the front to be so small, in fact, the triangles of cloth in front, barely cover your nipples, and most of your breasts are bare. You catch yourself panting again as you realize how naked your tits still are, then, forcing yourself to remain calm, pick up the bottom. The bikini bottom ties over each hip, but rides so low, that though your pussy hair is cropped very short, the top of the bikini bottom barely covers it, and in back nothing more than a thong slides up the crack of your ass… You step around the room, still breathless with excitement, feeling the soft material stroke your nipples and pussy lips as you walk. You feel the sensations of the carpet beneath your feet, and wish you had me naked on this carpet, tearing off my clothes and exploring the naked flesh underneath. While you're walking, you hear something coming from the back of the apartment, and stop to listen…

Standing nearly naked in the livingroom has your entire body's senses at their peak, and you're aware of the sounds of jungle animals coming from the back of the apartment. Remembering what was on the card you read, you pad softly down the hallway, feeling the warm skin of your thighs brushing against each other, and your breasts gently swaying inside your tiny bikini top. You come to the end of the hallway, and notice a door cracked open. Pushing gently at the door, it swings open and your eyes pop at what you see.

Inside the back bedroom, is a jungle of plants, leaves, vines and flowers. Everywhere you look, you see planters, hanging pots, greenery. You can't see the walls, ceiling, or floors due to the greenery, and your feet step on flower petals and leaves as you step into the room. Your nose is filled with the wondrous scents of many jungle plants, and in the background you hear jungle animals sounds along with the incessant beating of African music. You feel as though you've stepped into the Garden of Eden as you walk in. The fronds of palm plants caress your naked legs as you walk through the bushes, and trailing vines stroke your hair. Your entire body feels even more naked as you walk into the room. You are dimly aware that the floor is covered in a jungle-print cloth, and a rectangular object in the middle of the floor seems to be a mattress under the cloth. You hear a growl in the room, which doesn't sound like the jungle tape you're listening to, and you wonder where I might be hiding. As you walk past a palm plant, you suddenly feel a paw rake down the side of your leg, nails scratching (but not hurting) you and you suddenly turn to the plant, losing your balance as you turn, and you fall backward on the mattress.

You're lying on your back, legs stretched out in front of you, propped up on your elbows as you watch the palm fronds move. You first are aware of eyes through the palm leaves, then a striped face. You watch as I come crawling out of the bushes, my entire body painted in gold and black tiger stripes. Even my hair is combed back and my face has the body paint on it. I appear to be completely nude as you can see my ass muscles work when I crawl. You're unable to speak, mouth dry, and your body is feeling very hot. Nipples begin to stick out of your bikini top, and you can smell your pussy getting wet, as you watch my cat-like movements in front of you. You're mesmerized by the sight: I'm walking back and forth at your feet, just like a jungle cat, never leaving your eyes as I walk. You try to push up to sit in front of me, and are suddenly aware of how little of your pussy is covered by the bikini bottom. I'm aware of it too, as you see my eyes focus between your legs. The many times I've gone down on you are forgotten, as you feel the thrill of me seeing your naked cunt for the first time.

I begin sniffing at your bare feet, and licking them as a cat would clean them off. You close your eyes to concentrate on my rough tongue on your toes, feeling me gnawing gently at them, licking between the toes. My nose twitches as I sniff my way up your legs, licking your ankles, calves and upward. "He smells my snatch."  You think, "God, I can smell it myself!" My nose and mouth continue their slow wet, lapping of your scent: all over your thighs, and up to your hips. My head bows to force your legs apart at mid-thigh, totally exposing your almost-naked snatch to my eyes and mouth. Your head rolls back as you feel the hot breath from my mouth bathing your crotch. I lap at the insides of your thighs, up and down until I get to your bikini bottoms.

You suddenly feel me pushing deep into your pussy with my tongue, hampered though it is by the cloth. I can taste what I've smelled and you know it. My teeth bare, and I gently grab the cloth covering your pussy in my teeth, and shake my head back and forth, tearing at the soft cloth. You look down, body shaking, watching as I tear your clothes off with my teeth; the passion as I rip your bikini bottom off is unmistakable, and your whole body is afire with lust. The fabric tears, and you feel it ripping straight down and over your clit, the sizzling of the fabric vibrating your hot snatch as you watch me rip it off. The bikini bottom splits in two, the fabric giving way and falling open to completely expose your hot cunt to me. You watch breathlessly, as my mouth hungrily eats your nude pussy; mouth grabbing at your lips, tongue bathing your hot clit, and teeth pressed against your pussy hair. My tongue flattens out over your lips, licking from bottom to top, as I lap up your juices, each stroke exciting your clit even more, till you feel your entire body vibrating from toes to head, and you tremble with desire, needing the release of orgasm. The release comes in a huge hot wave of sexual pleasure, seemingly rolling out in all directions from your clit, and enveloping your whole body. You buck and roll, wanting to grab my head to pull it to your pussy, but can't move, you can only lie there and watch me continue to eat your hot cunt.

Your orgasm is still subsiding, your body still jerking uncontrollably, as you see me start to lick my way up your body. I let your snatch go, and start sniffing and lapping up to your hot tits. You see me lick the round edge, and drag my tongue up to your nipples, still barely covered by the bikini top. My rough tongue wets the cloth, allowing your nipple to stick out even further, and you feel my mouth sucking the cloth in, taking the cloth in my teeth, and gently biting into it, tearing a hole over your nipple. You feel the cloth let go, and watch as it begins to rip right over your breast. The cloth makes the same vibrating feel that your clit experienced, and you see your nipple pop into view as I tear your top open. You roll your head back, then suddenly lunge at me, snapping at my face and causing me to let go of your top. You roll over on the mattress, shaking your hair back over your shoulders, and baring your teeth at me, showing me that if we're going to mate, I'm going to have to prove myself worthy.

My eyes widen at your sudden ferocity, then you see a sexy smile come over my face. You walk around me slowly on all fours, feeling your muscles move sensuously beneath your hot skin, and looking hungrily at my body. You drag your tongue along my shoulder and back, tasting the delicious body paint I'm wearing, and my sweat underneath. Sniffing experimentally, you move down the length of my body, testing and teasing me as you go. You suddenly bite my hip — hard, but not painfully — and shiver at the sound of my heavy breathing when you do. Reaching my hips, you see that I'm wearing a small loincloth of material similar to what you (barely) have on. You nuzzle against my hip, stroking your hair on my body, and listening to my erotic purring, then you abruptly push hard against my body with your shoulder, knocking me over on my side.

You look down at my body: gold and black stripes, chest hair shaved off underneath, and my loincloth only outlines the shape of my enormously erect cock, the head of which is soaked with my pre-cum. You begin to nuzzle at my body, first licking my stomach and chest, then gently nibbling at my nipples and sucking them into your mouth, the way we both like. Your mouth drags down my body, licking body paint and the flesh beneath as you go. Reaching my loincloth, you smell the delicious scent of my semen, already dripping out of my cock, where it wets the cloth covering it. You drag your tongue along the shape of my cock, from the base to the head, wetting the rest of my cock with your saliva. My low growls encourage you to work your magic on my stiff dick, and you taste the pre-cum on the head. Your teeth gently bite the cloth over my head, being careful not to trap any skin, and bite hard through the cloth. Shaking your head back and forth, you rip the material in two, allowing the entire shaft of my cock to spring forth. The head is swollen and deep red; the shaft, hard and hot with desire. 

You finish tearing the loincloth apart, leaving nothing over my naked cock. Returning to the head, you slowly take as much in your mouth as you can, sucking at my cock as a young tigress nursing, needing the nourishment within. You hear my heavy panting as your talented lips work their magic on my incredibly aroused cock. I close my eyes and drift off into heaven, feeling my cat-lover bathing and fucking my hard cock with her mouth. You release the head and lick your way down the shaft, taking my balls into your mouth, one at a time, gently working them around your mouth with your tongue, to loosen up the semen held within. Spreading my legs further, your tongue parts the cheeks of my ass to find and explore my tight asshole with slow, gently licks. You drive your tongue deeply into my ass, feeling the increase in the intensity of passion in my hoarse growling. Leaving my ass (reluctantly), you travel back up the trail to my cock-head, and take half of my hard cock into your mouth in one swallow.

Your intense sucking puts me over the edge; I am aware of nothing except the pussy-like feel of your mouth, and the rough texture of your talented tongue. Your lips wrap around my cock as tight as your fingers often do, and I feel the loose skin surrounding the shaft move up and down as your mouth fucks my hard cock. Up and down you draw my cock into your mouth, and with each stroke, your tongue flicks at the rim just under the head; your favorite weak spot of mine. Your concentration upon the head you're giving is insanely intense, and I can think of nothing but my imminent orgasm. I feel myself drawn upon the plateau toward coming like wild horses are dragging me. I can't believe the intensity of the feeling as I lose control and cum.

Working your mouth up and down my shaft, you're suddenly aware of the tension in my body relaxing, and you wrap your lips tightly around my cock, just below the head, to await my orgasm. My head drives back against the mattress, and I thrust all the way in your mouth, letting go with a huge load of cum. You feel the jerking of my body as my cock empties itself into your mouth, wave after wave of hot, salty semen shooting into your mouth. You swallow all that I give you, and milk my shaft gently with your mouth, encouraging more cum to squirt out. My body shivers with the release of my passion, and the ejaculation. My mind is swimming with the delight of your drinking my cum; I love the feeling of my orgasm feeding you, your swallowing part of me when we fuck… You swallow the last of the cum oozing out of my cock, then stroke your tongue back up my body. Your pussy has become incredibly energized by your sucking me and you're ready for more pleasure.

You walk a step or two away from me, still on all fours, feeling your bikini in tatters on your body. All there is left, is the top (torn in the middle, leaving your tits bare) and the thong running down the crack of your ass. You see the look in my eyes as I appreciate your nearly nude body — clothes ripped, and your ass right in front of me. My head is still slow from the incredible power of my orgasm; I shake it side to side to clear my thoughts, and roll over onto my hands and knees to crawl up behind you. You feel the heat of my breath on your bare cheeks as I lick your nude body from the inside of your knees up to the base of your spine. You slowly allow your legs to spread on the floor, feeling your ass cheeks widen to allow me in. I take the top of your thong in my teeth and tear it off your hips, allowing it to fall down over your calves, freeing your body entirely. My rough tongue continues to lick you like a cat drinking milk, and exploring your thighs, pussy, and ass from behind. My face pushes between your cheeks and you feel my tongue licking your hot asshole all around; exploring and pleasing every pucker in the tight ring of muscles in your ass. You shudder with pleasure and anticipation, as you feel my tongue gently fucking your hot ass, and you force yourself to lay your head down on your hands, submitting to me, your mate, to do as I please. At the same time, you let out a sexy little purr to communicate your message of, "fuck me."

I hear your purr, and can smell the scent of your hot snatch eager to be filled. My tongue leaves your ass and strokes up between your cheeks to the base of you spine, exciting a thousand nerves along the way as I follow the crack of your ass. You feel my body move up behind you; your every nerve ending is concentrating on the approach of my cock to your hot twat, and you can feel my muscles moving along over your back as I cover your body with mine. You look back, under your legs, and can see the huge head of my cock swaying between my legs, feeling it's way toward your cunt, eager to fuck you hard and deep and feel every inch of you around it. Your breath is a shallow gasp as you feel my thighs brush against the cheeks of your ass; your naked pussy is on fire waiting for my hot fucking, and you arch your back, raising your head off the floor as I move my head down and sink my teeth into your shoulder…

My bite isn't hard or painful; you know instantly it's to keep you in place while we fuck, and your pussy suddenly becomes twice as wet thinking how I'm going to hold you still while I take you. You spread your ass apart, open your hot cunt for me, and feel the heat of my cock as the head gently presses against the opening of your pussy and begins to slide in…

Your legs feel weak, but you stay on your knees, feeling the thick, hot shaft of my incredibly aroused cock slowly force it's way into your body. You can feel the walls of your cunt stretch to take me in, and you wonder if I was ever this aroused before, ever this hard, or this hot before, but all you can think of is how good my cock feels inside you. My teeth hold you still under me, and you feel my hips grinding back and forth as I slowly force my way all the way up in your wet snatch. You try to move, but can't, I have you totally pinned between my teeth and my hot cock, and you can only stay still on all fours and be fucked hotly. My pace begins to quicken, as my hips start pumping slowly back and forth, keeping continuous motion; your clit rubs against the shaft of my cock with every stroke, and you can feel my balls press hard against it when I drive all the way in. Your naked tits sway back and forth with the motion, and though your nipples scream for attention, you can't lift your hands from the floor to stroke them, you're only aware of the incredible fucking you're getting from my wonderful cock; hard and deep, hot and erotic, you can feel every inch of it filling you up, and you grab my cock as hard as you can with your pussy muscles to drive me crazy.

You feel and hear my growling even as I hold you tight in my mouth; my body is dripping sweat onto yours as I fuck you ever faster and faster. Your whole being is caught up in the ecstasy of the sweet, delicious feeling of my naked cock plunging in you, and your clit seems to be in control of your entire body. In and out my cock fucks you from behind, faster in and out, slapping against your ass as I drive in farther and farther. Your body is shaking all over, needing the release of orgasm, wondering if you'll ever recover or stop shuddering when you do cum. You bear down, grabbing my cock with all your might, forcing me to fuck you harder; shoving my thick shaft in deep. You hear my breath as I let go of your shoulder; your entire body is on fire, and I drive all the way into you one last time as we both come together: you twitching and shaking with hot lust; pushing back against me, grinding your clit into me, and me wrapping my elbows around your waist, holding you next to me as I shoot my hot cum deeply in your tight pussy. Spurt after spurt fills you up, my cock never seeming to empty as I release all that I've held in, while waves of erotic pleasure crash over you, taking all control from you and shaking you like a rag doll. We press together so tightly we think we'll never get undone, then wrap our arms around each other as we lie down together on the mattress.