 Note: Due to some confusion from my editor I will point out, you guys get a sad face when she takes you out of her mouth. You do to though it's cute, and funny. ;)

*

Hands travel fast up his pants to the zipper, pulling it down then open. One hand sneaking its way in while the other pulls the pants down and free, half taking his underwear with. With a snort his shorts go the path of the pants before both hands grab at him. One wraps around his soft member, the other cupping his hairy balls I think he makes a noise as my hands move. One going up and down on his hardening bit, the other rolling balls to and fro, feeling the hairs against my flesh gets me excited, but this is just a blowjob.

Mmmmm he is long enough now holding up his length in my hand I lean forward to take him into my mouth, but not yet. Instead I run my tongue around and around the head, feeling the soft flesh, tasting it on my tongue. I plant a kiss to it before pulling it higher to run my tongue down then up. Moving it about I repeat the process to get all of it moistened before guiding it toward my mouth again.

Not in yet, no not yet, I breath on it softly, feel it tremble as my hot breath falls on it, feel it shiver as the cool air draws the moisture I put there away. Now, now it is in my mouth, just the head at first, tongue running over and around, hand wrapped around again going up and down.

Head moving now, taking him deeper then backing away, I relish the feel of this hot piece of meat in my mouth, the taste adding fuel to the fire of my enjoyment. Fast then slow I move on him, he may be saying something now and then, though I can't hear him. My ears are filled with the heated enjoyment of taking a cock in my mouth, though quick glances upwards above the delicious piece of meat, above the hair, above the skin can see him looking, smiling down at me with glazed over eyes.

Pulling off of him, I look up at him for a moment, smiling at his sad face before leaning in and kissing the end. I take just the head, my hand moving back and forth on him. The taste and feel of him on my tongue almost driving me to go down on him again, instead I stave off the urge, just tonguing at him while my hand moves up and down. My other hand holding, then rubbing on his balls, feeling the hairs, feeling the balls pressing into my hand then pulling up higher.

I smile up at him he is enjoying this, enjoying me. My head moves again, tongue pressing into the bottom of his flesh as I move. Kissing my hand as it moves upwards when I lean forward.

His hands move from my shoulders to my head, first running through my hair, sending tingles down my spine with the soft brushes over my scalp. Then his hands are pressing into my ears, fingers curling into my hair. My hand falls away as he starts to thrust. I moan as he moves, deeper and deeper, each fresh pump into my mouth eliciting more tingles.

At last, he is touching at my throat, at first just pressing then retreating, but soon pressing further and further. Swallowing to allow him access, he goes deeper, expanding my throat, making me moan more. I am sure he is saying something, can feel the reverberations of his words through his flesh. Feeling even more of the tasty fluid seeping into my mouth now, the salty sweet taste a delight, I know he is soon to be cumming.

His movements are speeding up, his hot cock shoving in and out of my mouth as fast as I can breathe, barely. I feel his meaty length swelling up, getting harder and hotter, driving deep then removing.

Getting my hand onto him just in time, he shoves hard, his cock trembling and pulsing in my mouth. I feel the hot fluid flooding my mouth, spreading out as more and more is first shoved then flows. Teeth swimming in a sea of the tangy hot juices, my tongue darting around and around his head, I pull back until just the end of him is still captured.

Feeling the hard meat cool down, then soften in my hand, I pull it free carefully so as to not lose any fluids. Smiling up at him, I swallow before standing up and reaching for the glass sitting nearby.