 This is a continuation of my story Jury Duty. I had intended it to be a one-off but I got some requests to continue it, so here comes chapter 3! This is a story very loosely based on actual events and real people. All names have been changed to protect the innocent.




I spent my Saturday running errands and thinking about Nicole. My parents went out to dinner with friends, leaving me alone to fend for myself. I made Mac and Cheese for dinner and settled into the living room with the dog on my lap to watch a ballgame.

Around 9pm Nicole called. We exchanged small talk. I told her about my day. She told me about hers. "Ugh, what a long day," Nicole said, "I love my family, but after a whole day they start to get on my nerves. Plus, I couldn't stop thinking about you."

"I couldn't stop thinking about you either," I said.

"That's sweet," Nicole said. We were silent for a moment, enjoying our mutual affection for each other. Then Nicole said, "So, what's your username?"

I had forgotten all about telling her about the fact that I wrote erotic fiction, so for a moment I couldn't understand what she was asking me. "My what?" I asked.

"You know, on Literotica," she said.

"Oh, that," I replied, feeling a fresh rush of panic over the prospect of Nicole reading my stories. They were so full of weird kinks and fetishes... I was sure she would read something that would turn her off. "I don't know if it's such a good idea," I said, although deep down I knew that there was no way Nicole was going to stop pestering me until I let her read them.

"Please?" Nicole drew out the word, like a five year old asking for another cookie.

"I don't want you to end up reading something you don't like..." I said and trailed off... not wanting to finish the thought.

"So, you're probably into stuff that I'm not into." Nicole stated matter-of-factly. "That's pretty normal. Maybe I like things that you don't." She paused. "There aren't any incest stories or rape fantasies, are there?"

"No," I said, "Nothing like that."

"Then I'm sure it'll be fine," Nicole said, "You know I'm not going to give up now until you tell me, don't you?"

"Yeah..." I said dejectedly. "Fine, here it is." And I told her.

"Thank you," Nicole said. "I'm going to be here by myself for most of the day tomorrow, so now I have something to do."

"I have my daughter tomorrow," I said.

"I know," Nicole said, "Why don't you give me a call tomorrow night after you settle in?"

"Okay," I said.

"Goodnight," Nicole said.

"Goodnight," I said, and before I hung up I was sure I heard the sound of a laptop booting up.

I tried not to think about Nicole that Sunday and focus on my daughter instead. Despite my best efforts, my mind drifted towards Nicole again and again. I wondered if she was really sitting there, in her bedroom, right at that moment, reading my stories. What would she think of them? How far would she get before she decided I was a sick pervert and that she wanted nothing further to do with me? After I brought my daughter back and I started to wind down my evening, I started to get nervous. I kept imagining her calling me a sicko pervert and hanging up the phone, or not even answering my call. I struggled to find the courage call her because I was so sure it was going to turn out awful.

I waited until 9pm, when the house was quiet, to put all of my anxieties aside and call Nicole. I started to panic when she didn't answer right away, but after a few rings she finally answered. She sounded out of breath. I wondered if she had been running.

"Hey," she said, "It's about time you called."

"Sorry, I got caught up in something," I lied.

"It's okay," Nicole said, "How was your day?"

I told her about my day. She was still gasping for air and panting while I talked. She never mentioned to me that she exercised. I wondered if she jogged in the evenings or something. "So, how was your day?" I asked.

"It was... uhm... good," Nicole said, "I got a lot done."

"Good," I said, and we fell into an uneasy silence. Well, I was silent. Nicole was still breathing heavily into the phone.

"Aren't you going to ask me what I'm doing?" Nicole asked.

"Yeah," I said, "What are you doing?"

"I'm reading your stories," Nicole said, and she gasped.

"Really," I said... my mind suddenly racing... that heavy breathing... was she masturbating right now? "What do you think?" I asked her.

"Well," Nicole said, "There are definitely some things in here I wouldn't be into. I am NOT rolling around in the mud... and I'm not bi-sexual. How weird is it that you named that character Nicole?"

"I'm not even sure where it came from," I said, feeling relieved that she was still talking to me, "The name just came to me. It's one of life's great coincidences."

"I guess so," Nicole said, "You're a good writer. Some of these stories are really hot."

"Thanks," I said, ignoring the backhanded compliment that only 'some' were hot. "How many have you read?"

"Just about all of them," Nicole said, "I was more or less going chronologically. My favorite is the one with the childhood sweetheart. It's pretty clear when you zigged instead of zagged there."

"Yeah," I said. "I'm glad you like them."

"Thank you for letting me read them," Nicole said, and we fell silent again. I was thinking that she didn't need to thank me for letting her read them, she really didn't leave me a choice, but I didn't tell her that. Eventually Nicole said, "So, do you want to know what else I'm doing right now?"

"What?" I asked.

Nicole gasped audibly. "I'm touching myself," she replied.

It was pretty obvious what Nicole was doing by the sounds she was making. I was semi-aroused by the sounds that Nicole was making, but hearing her say it made my cock suddenly spring to life. "Are you." I deadpanned.

"Yeah," Nicole said, "I've been holed up in my room since dinner... reading your stories and playing with myself... ahh... I've cum twice already. Your stories made me so horny... I keep pretending that these are your fingers... and I try to touch myself the way that you touch the women in your stories."

"Really," I said, licking my lips. My mouth had suddenly gone dry. "What... what have you done to yourself so far?"

"Mmm... the first time I came I was lying on my back and running my hands all over my body," Nicole said, "I was so turned on I barely touched my clit and I came." Nicole gasped again. "The second time I was sliding my hand back and forth along my clit and pussy lips." Another gasp. "I came so hard. I think there's a wet spot on the bed."

"Wow," I said, "And you're still touching yourself?"

"Yeah," Nicole said, "Just to keep myself hot and bothered until you called. I wanted to cum one more time tonight... with you."

When she said that I realized I was already rubbing myself through my underwear. I wasn't even aware of what I was doing.

"So... what are you wearing?" Nicole asked.

"I'm in my underwear," I said, getting up to make sure my door was good and closed. I usually kept it cracked open so the dog could come and go, but she was with my parents. I climbed back into bed, over the sheets, and cranked up the volume on the ballgame a bit to help drown out the conversation I was having and any sounds I was about to make. "What about you?" I asked.

"I'm naked," Nicole said, "I started out in a t-shirt and panties, but they were getting in the way. It's such a hot night, anyway. Take off your underwear," Nicole said.

"Okay," I said, and I put the phone down to pull my underwear off. "I'm naked," I said.

"Good," Nicole said with a gasp, "Are you touching yourself?"

"Yeah," I said, taking hold of my 7 inch cock with my left hand and starting to stroke it.

"Good. Are you pretending that it's my hand that's touching you?" Nicole asked.

"Yes," I said.

"How does it feel?" Nicole asked.

"Your hand is soft and warm," I said, watching my hand slide up and down my cock in the glow of the television.

"Your hands are strong," Nicole said, "And firm. I love the way you touch me. Are you hard?" She asked.

"Yes," I said.

"Mmm... I love your hard cock," Nicole said, "I'm sliding two fingers into my pussy right now, and I'm pretending it's your hard cock inside me. It feels so good." Nicole gasped again.

Stupidly, I could only nod my head. Nicole was really good at phone sex. I started to feel a little silly. I was able to write erotica, but when it came to real life things like phone sex, I struggled to keep up.

Whether Nicole was expecting more from me or not, it certainly didn't seem to bother her. "My clit is so hard," Nicole said, "Every time I touch it it's sending shockwaves through my whole body. I can feel my nipples tingle. Do you want to suck on my nipples?" She asked.

"Yes," I said.

"Mmm... I can feel your mouth on my nipples... licking... sucking... this feels so good..." Nicole said... her voice a whisper.

"Yeah," was all I could think to say. Nicole was silent for a few moments. I struggled to think of something to ask. "Are you in bed?" I asked, and then felt stupid because she already mentioned that she was.

"I'm lying in bed," Nicole whispered. "I'm on my hands and knees with the phone lying on the bed in front of my face. I'm rubbing my nipples against the sheets and I'm touching myself with my right hand. I'm rubbing my clit and my pussy. Does that sound hot?"

"It does," I replied.

"Are you stroking your hard cock?" Nicole asked.

"Yeah," I said.

"Are you gonna cum for me?" Nicole asked.

"Yeah," I said again, and I reached over to the night table and took a couple of tissues. I covered the top of my dick with the tissues to catch my cum and continued stroking.

"I'm so close," Nicole whispered into the phone, "I want you to cum with me. Are you ready to cum?"

"Almost," I said, increasing my pace.

"I'm so ready," Nicole said, "I'm so ready to cum... I can feel it... UGH!" She suddenly shouted.

I went over the edge as well. I stroked myself as fast as I could as my orgasm hit, giving a pretty loud grunt of my own as I came, shooting spurt after spurt into the tissues. I was dimly aware of Nicole gasping and moaning, but from a distance. She must have moved away from the phone.

"Oh my god... oh my god..." Nicole was saying. "That was amazing. Did you cum with me?"

"Yeah," I said.

"Is it all over the place?" Nicole asked.

"No, I used tissues," I said.

"Good idea," Nicole said. "I fell over onto my side. I came so hard."

"Are you still touching yourself?" I asked.

"Yeah," Nicole said, "But I don't think I have any orgasms left in me. I'm just enjoying the sensations."

"Mmm hmm," I mumbled, momentarily distracted by the baseball game.

"Well, back to work tomorrow," Nicole said. "Are you excited? This will be your first full week at your new job!"

"Yeah..." I said. "No, not really."

Nicole laughed. "Well, look on the bright side. When the week is over, you'll get to see me again!"

"That's true," I said.

"Well, I'm going to get ready for bed," Nicole said, "Reading your stories really wore me out!"

"You wore me out," I mumbled, glancing at the soiled tissues I was still holding over my withering penis.

"Get a good night's sleep," Nicole said. "I want you to be good and rested for next time!"

"Okay," I said, "Goodnight."

"Goodnight," Nicole said.

Needless to say, I was facing a tortuously long week ahead. It was my first full week at my new job. I had to deal with a longer commute and longer hours than my previous job. I was handed a pile of work that had been gathering while my position was vacant, and was basically left to figure out what to do with it. I had to think, and research, and work my way through the pile. It was tedious, but at least it helped to pass the time a little. I talked to Nicole most evenings, but brief conversations, just to see how we were doing. No more talk about erotic stories, and definitely no more phone sex.

Friday finally arrived, and with it my next date with Nicole. I had an overnight bag packed and loaded into my car. I'm a lousy liar so I told my parents that I might be staying at Nicole's place. I was prepared for a lecture, since I had known this woman barely two weeks, but in the end I was an adult and free to make my own decisions. I wasn't quite sure I was staying, anyway. Nicole had only hinted at it, but I wanted to be prepared, and I wanted to not freak my parents out if I didn't come home that night.

That Friday passed more slowly than the rest of the week. I kept staring at the clock, knowing that I needed to make sure I map quested the restaurant we were meeting at before I left. I was using that as a way to chop up the day a little bit. I only had to get to 4:30, I thought to myself, and I would blow off the rest of the day preparing. Of course, this place, a little roadside diner, was only about half a mile from the last place we met, so it only took a couple of minutes to figure out how to get there. I spent the rest of the time just sitting there, staring into space, daydreaming about the upcoming night with Nicole.

We had a computerized punch clock, so pretty much my whole department sits there with their fingers hovering over their click buttons, waiting for that clock to hit 5:00. The second it does, BOOM! Everybody punches out, shuts down their computers, leaps up and out of their chairs and out the door. I was walking faster than anybody else, and within five minutes I was speeding down the highway. Oh boy, if I could get there just one minute earlier, I was thinking, it would be that much more time I could spend with Nicole.

I got to the restaurant at 5:29. Well, the clock in my car was two minutes slow... so it was 5:31... never mind. I saw Nicole's car in the parking lot so I walked right past the hostess and found her sitting at a table not far from the door. She stood up to greet me and I kissed her hello. I hadn't seen her for a week, so during that time I was constantly trying to picture her in my mind's eye. I found that I had done a remarkably good job keeping a clear image of her face in my mind.

Dinner was quick. Nicole had chosen a diner because they would have us in and out quickly. Eating was something we needed to do that night before we got to the good stuff. We were done and out of there in 45 minutes. We got into our separate cars and I followed her to her apartment. She opened the door and I followed her inside... and almost crashed into her as she froze.

"What?" I asked.

"Shh..." she whispered. "I think my roommate is here."

"Oh," I said, wondering what that would mean for our night together. I left my bag in the car, not wanting to seem too presumptuous by bringing it in. I could always run out and get it later, I thought.

Nicole suddenly grabbed me by the arm. "Listen!" She whispered.

I wasn't sure what I was listening for. We could see her roommate's bedroom from the front hallway, except the door was closed. Suddenly I heard laughter. More than one person was laughing. There was definitely a male laugh.

Nicole was pulling me forward before I even had a chance to think about it. She walked right up to the side of the door and put her ear right up against the wall. I stood beside her, staring at her dumbly, and I tried to get a sense of what was going on. There was definitely more going on in there than just laughing.

"She is such a slut," Nicole said under her breath. I got the impression that she didn't have a high opinion of her roommate. "Oh my God," Nicole whispered and giggled. She grabbed me and positioned me against the wall right behind her. "Listen."

I focused on what was going on inside her roommate's room. The laughing I had heard before had given way to moans. I struggled to picture what was going on. I did have a voyeuristic streak, but I had been in situations like this before back in college, and I was always too chicken shit to do anything but wander away and leave them in peace.

I could tell that Nicole wasn't going anywhere. She turned to glance at me and smile, then put her ear back against the wall. I was looking at the back of her, her long brown hair going down to her shoulder blades, the white blouse and navy blue slacks she was wearing that night. I took a deep breath and forced myself to relax. I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Does this make you hot?"

Nicole didn't say anything. She inched backward until her butt pressed against my crotch, and she wriggled, pressing my hardening cock against her. That was much better than a yes, I mused. I reached out and pulled Nicole's hair to one side, exposing her ear and the side of her neck. I leaned over and kissed her, brushing my lips against her neck and earlobe. Nicole gasped, and pressed herself backward against me harder.

I felt myself getting aroused, and with it came a sudden boldness. I reached around Nicole with my left hand and slid it into her blouse, right under her bra. I took her right breast in my hand and her nipple between my fingers. Her nipple instantly grew hard with my touch.

Nicole gasped, and pressed herself against me with more urgency. I heard a louder moan from inside, a female moan, and the creak of bedsprings. I had no idea what Nicole's roommate looked like, so I was free to picture just about anybody. It could be somebody who looked just like Kate Upton or Brooklyn Decker in there, getting laid by an anonymous man. In my fantasy the man in there was woefully inadequate compared to me. I didn't know if Nicole knew anything about the man with her roommate, so for all I knew she was picturing her fantasy man in there too.

There was just enough room between Nicole's body and the wall to slide my right hand through. I wrapped it around Nicole and pulled her tighter to me, my lips kissing her neck urgently, my left hand fumbling against her right breast and nipple in the confined space of her bra. Nicole let out a strangled gasp, trying hard to stay as quiet as possible.

I slid my right hand down and into her slacks, right under her panties and through her pubic hair. My middle finger slid through her pussy lips, my hand encountering wetness on both sides. Nicole had already soaked her panties. She let out a long, low moan as I touched her. I could tell she was making a conscious effort to keep her lips closed to keep the sounds she was making as quiet as possible. I slid my finger straight down through her pussy lips, feeling the heat emanating from her pussy, and then back up along her clitoris. I started to slide it back and forth.

"Mmm... ahh..." Nicole was trying to be quiet, her gasps and moans escaping through her closed lips. She was moving her whole body in rhythm to my stroking, and her knees were going weak. I wrapped my left arm around her tighter just to keep her upright. Her pussy was leaking fluids copiously, and it began to make little squelching sounds as I slid my fingers back and forth along her lips.

Inside the bedroom the bedsprings started creaking louder. "Ugh, ugh, ugh!" Nicole's roommate started shouting. "Oh yeah, baby," the male voice said. 

I think it was the noises that set Nicole off. She gave a stifled cry and began to buck her hips against my fingers. I felt her knees give way completely and I stopped stroking her just to make sure she stayed upright. In the end I couldn't stop her from sliding to her knees through my grasp. She stayed there on her knees, breathing heavily, while I contemplated the soaking wet fingers of my right hand.

When Nicole had recovered she climbed unsteadily to her feet, then threw her arms around me and kissed me. She slid her hand along my erection through my slacks. I heard voices and we both seemed to realize at the same time that we were still standing outside her roommate's room. Nicole grabbed my hand and led me back to her room and shut the door behind her. She put her finger to her lips, and we stood there, silently. A few minutes passed. Eventually I heard voices again. Nicole's roommate and her boyfriend were passing by her door on their way out. The front door slammed.
