 Greetings fellow lover of erotic fiction.

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental. This is an entry in the Summer Lovin' contest. Check out the other entries. They are pretty great. Don't forget to vote and add a constructive comment or two.

This story was inspired by the stunning black and white photos that the beautiful women of AmPics Forum on the Literotica Bulletin Boards have been posting lately. You all know who you are. Thank you all, Ladies.

A well composed B&W pic is a work of art. The fantastic AmPics B&W pictures make me think of Noir mysteries of the 40s and 50s. Philip Marlow. Sam Spade. The Thin Man. Mike Hammer. And the "great dames" they associated with: Lauren Bacall, Rita Hayworth,. Mary Astor, Myna Loy, Joan Crawford. 

This is a work of fantasy. Time is compressed. 

You'll find depictions of various sex acts between consenting adults, both of whom are over eighteen. Most of the sex is pretty vanilla, with a rough edge that you might expect from Dashiell Hammet or Mickey Spillane. Remember: vanilla is a pretty great flavour. And there is a dead body, because you need a dead body for a murder. I think that's usually one of the first things they teach you at Writers' School. If any of that bothers you, move on.

This is a quickie; under 3000 words. Perfect to read in the still heat of a summer night with the persistent sweat dripping off...well you get the idea.

Thank you to Justadesperatewifeandmom for reading the draft and commenting on the story.

Please vote and leave a constructive comment or two. Enjoy!

***

The sun had been down for a couple of hours. The stars had finally put in an appearance for the evening. The air was still, the heat remained oppressive. Sweat dripped from my brow and filled my glasses. My shirt felt like a damp paper towel. This kind of heat wave makes people a little crazy. Things happen. Anything at hand can become a murder weapon. People sometimes use the last bit of their creativity to find a way to end the life of someone who stood in the way of the air conditioner or took the last cold beer. 

Yeah, it was a busy night.

My knuckles made a sweaty splash when I knocked on the door. The Babe let me and the two uniforms in. 

"Dispatch said there was a call from here about a dead body. That him?" I said, asking the obvious. 

The man was dead. The body was laid out flat on the floor, not moving. No breath escaped his lips. His eyes did not open. 

Dead. Like the stagnant air.

But he died happy. His wide smile and the prominent tent in his pants made that clear.

"Yes." She replied softly, her head down, evidently staring at her own large breasts. Yeah, I noticed. I'm a detective. That's my job.

Her large tits were barely contained in a thin black nylon cover up that covered nothing and was way too small to even attempt the job. It stopped well short of her navel and the buttons were several inches from touching. She wore black seamed stockings despite the heat. They were held up by garters. No panties; her sparsely furred muff was visible as she moved. She stood nearly as tall as me in four-inch fuck me pumps; the kind a woman wears to go out but carries home. 

The kind a creative woman could use to kill a guy.

Her face was long, angular and stunningly beautiful. Her dark eyes shone in the half-light of the hallway. Her slight overbite left her full deep red lips open a little, displaying even white teeth. 

"Do you know what happened?" I asked, as I managed to tear my eyes away from her boobs. I figured I'd remember where they were and check back later.

"I killed him." She said. "In self-defense" she added, raising her eyes to look at me without raising her head. I wondered how many times that look had gotten her what she wanted by implication. It made my cock twitch. 

"Self-defense?" I asked. "Do go on."

She took a deep breath, raising her chest and opening her skimpy robe enough to expose her nipples. They were erect. Police work is mostly about small details.

"He came home drunk, with the insane idea that I had been cheating on him." She began in a husky whisper. She spoke in a voice that sounded like cigarettes and Bourbon. 

"Where did he get that idea?" I asked, flipping open my notebook. Solid police work there. Catch the suspect off guard with a question they weren't expecting.

"From the guy I blew in the parking lot at the club last night. But you know, 'eating ain't cheatin', right? A President said that!" She was excited and her voice rose above the husky whisper to a shrill soprano.

"Okay." I said, doubtfully. "You mean Bill Clinton? I don't think he ever actually said that." Maybe to Hillary.

"He had a gun. Its over there on the floor." She said pointing past the dead guy. There was indeed a large menacing looking handgun on the floor, just beyond the body. As she gestured her negligee came completely open, fully displaying her impressive rack. It was impressive in this man's opinion anyways. She covered up slowly, in a practiced move guaranteed to expose more than it hid.

"Okay." I said as one of the Uniforms snapped a quick picture and recovered the weapon. "And, the hard-on?" I asked.

"Well, he was furious, so I did the first thing that came to mind. I flashed him!" She said, opening her top and letting her huge tits demonstrate their calming effect. She swayed side-to-side a bit, putting the girls into motion.

The three of us gawked like horny high schoolers. Mesmerized. Yep, they worked. 

"Perkins, Kowalski!" I raised my voice to the two uniforms and snapped my fingers. Perkins was raising his camera. I snatched it out of his hand. "Go look for signs of forced entry in the back yard."

"Go on Miss, uh?" I said as the Uniforms left.

"Just call me Babe. Everyone does. The guys anyways." She adjusted the robe again, opening it wide to pull it closed. Almost. When she let go, it fell open again. "Well, at first he made like he didn't care. He just kept yelling about me fucking this other guy. You know, the one I blew but didn't fuck?"

"This lucky guy, does he have a name?" I asked.

"Sam something. Or Steve. Something that starts with an 'S'. Maybe Stan." She looked confused. "It doesn't matter. The point is: I didn't fuck him. I sucked his cock. There is a huge difference!"

I wrote that down in my notebook for the next time the missus gets all bent out of shape because I got a hummer from a female detective in the car on a stakeout.

"So, you flashed him, and he calmed down?" I asked, wiping my brow with the back of my wet hand.

"No! He got really agitated. That's when I noticed the start of that hard-on. It's hard to miss. He's got kind of a big dick." She said, pointing at the dead guy. I glanced over. Yep. The tent in his pants came from a fair-sized schlong. I made a note of that. "Big dick" I wrote. Then I scratched it out and wrote "larger than average penis". A Cop must be professional. I made a mental note to go back and change "big tits" to "sizable mammaries"

"And what did you do then?" I asked.

"This" she said sinking to her knees. She opened my zipper and pulled out my little friend. 

"So, you blew him? I asked, hoping she was going to demonstrate.

"Not right away. I just kind of held it. He gasped and dropped the gun. I was still afraid. I mean, he's a big guy." She said

"Yes, we've established that. Oh, I see. Yes, quite intimidating." It was hard to estimate with him lying there, but he was well over six feet tall and a good 275 pounds. She was one-fifty, forty of it boobs.

"Then what miss?" I asked.

"Ernie!" She exclaimed.

"Ernie?" I asked, confused.

"The guy I blew in the parking lot was Ernie. You know, the one I didn't fuck?" She repeated.

"There's no "s" in Ernie." I argued. "Never mind; try to focus. What happened next?"

"Nothing. It was way too hot in the parking lot to fuck." She said. That's why I don't fuck in parking lots.

"No Miss, I mean today." I said.

"Well, I wanted to make sure he stayed calm, so I did this." She said. She licked the head of my cock.

"Mmm. And then?"

"Well, then he grabbed my hair, and pushed his cock all the way into my mouth." She answered.

"Like this?" I asked. I grabbed a handful of her dark blonde hair and pressed my dick into her mouth, slowly. I savoured every millimeter. Then I released her so she could talk.

"Oh, no. He was much rougher." She answered. "He tried to shove it down my throat. I wasn't ready. It was like this."

She grabbed her own hair and slammed her mouth onto my cock, taking as much as she could. She gagged then pulled back so she could talk.

"I had to be sure I was in control, so I started to, you know, work his cock with my mouth and tongue." She said matter-of-factly. "Like this." 

She began working my meat. First, she pulled back, until just the head was in her mouth. She slipped her tongue out and licked the head like an ice cream cone. She pulled it out with a "pop!" and ran her tongue down the underside until she reached my balls. 

A line of sweat slid down from my brow and dripped off my nose, hitting her square on the top of her head with a small splash.

"I figured I should go for the balls. That would keep him occupied." She said. She took one testicle in her mouth and teased and tortured me with her lips, tongue and teeth. Just as I was getting a little complacent about the hot blonde sucking on a nut, she switched to the other one. I responded by putting my hands on her head and holding her there. She tossed her head so she could extract herself and speak again.

"Yeah! He did that while I was playing with his balls!" She said, somewhat surprised.

I regained my composure enough to ask the next question without stammering. "So how did you respond?"

"I started sucking him again. I was getting a bit hot myself. So, I reached down, spread my lips and shoved two fingers into my cunt while I teased my clit with the other hand." She said, demonstrating. Her robe fell open, displaying her wonderful tits. "I was pretty drippy by this time, so I came hard and I came fast. I may have bitten down on his pecker a bit at that point. He yelped and pulled his dick out of my mouth. I don't think he liked that." She explained.

"Why do you say that?" I asked still processing her taking the time to buff her muffin while keeping her assailant busy.

"He said 'Hey! I don't like that!'. So, no more teeth. I worked his cock pretty hard then; lots of tongue, my hand gripping his balls, then fingernails tickling them. He was getting very excited. I decided to finish off by fucking him. Most guys fall asleep after a good fuck, so I decided to give him a great fuck." She said.

"Go on," I said.

"I unbuckled his pants and slid them down to his ankles. I figured that would slow him down if I decided to run. I pushed him back and told him to lie down. He got on the floor. I held my dripping pussy in front of this face and spread my lips. He shoved his tongue in my cunt while I went back to my clit. I have to tell you; he has a talented tongue."

"Had." I corrected.

"Sure, yeah. Anyways, I pushed my puss to his face and let him snake his tongue inside me. I know I came again, lots this time. I practically gushed. He coughed a bit. I think it went down the wrong way, y'know?" She said.

"Yeah. Happens all the time when I'm eating a woman out." I said, hoping I didn't sound sarcastic. I was sweating like a racehorse now. She was cool as a cucumber.

"Really? Lie down." She said firmly, unbuckling my belt.

What the hell. I laid back on the floor. Soon her warm fragrant neatly trimmed pussy was in my face. She was already very wet, as advertised. She dripped on my face as she got positioned.

"Eat my cunt and maybe I can reproduce things." She said, splitting open her lips to reveal her light pink insides and prominent clitoris. I shoved my tongue in as far as it would go, tasting her musky juices. She applied her fingers to her button and rubbed in time with my tongue-fucking. I lapped her up like a hungry kitten on a saucer of milk. But I wasn't ready when the juices started to flow freely. A bit went down the wrong way and I coughed. She removed herself from my face.

"See? Just like I said!" 

"So what did you do?" I asked. I was pretty sure I already knew the answer.

"I shimmied down his body." She said shimmying down my body. That set her tits jiggling. Yep, like I said: I'm a detective. I notice things others might miss. "He liked watching my tits jiggle, because he commented on that" Damn. I thought I was special.

"Commented how?" I asked.

"He said 'I love it when your big tits jiggle like that', and I sure appreciated that. I'm kind of self-conscious about my tits, y'know?" she answered. I had no idea what she was talking about, because I was watching her tits jiggle.

"And?" I asked.

"I swung a leg up, positioned my puss over him and impaled myself on his hard dick, all the way in one quick movement. Like this." She said. She dropped her wet pussy on to my dick, sinking it all the way. 

"I threw off my robe so he could watch my boobies." She said, demonstrating. "I put my hands on his chest like this, and I fucked him cowgirl hard and fast. My titties were just flying!" She said, fucking me hard and fast, setting her titties flying. 

The motion was hypnotic. I could have watched all day. Suddenly, she sat up.

"Then I sat up like this and started playing with my nipples." She said, pinching one and giving it a good tug. Before I could say anything, she lifted the other one and took her own nipple into her mouth, teasing it with her tongue then biting it. Her tit was bigger than her head. 

"I think he liked that, because he started ramming his dick into me." She said.

"Like this?" I said, following her instructions.

"Yeah. Like that. Real hard, you know?" She said a little breathlessly. "He grabbed my ass like you're doing, so I leaned forward. I like rubbing my tits on a chest, even with a shirt on it. He was slamming into me and I knew he wouldn't last long." She said, now very much out of breath. I slammed her hard. I grabbed a big double handful of her luscious ass and squeezed hard. She squealed with delight. I slipped one finger in the cleft of her ass and pressed on her asshole.

"Oh, that's good. He never thought of that. Maybe later you can fuck my ass. But first let me finish showing you what happened. So, he's fucking away. Oh yes. And I know he's gonna cum soon. Ah, fuck! Put that finger in my ass!" She was a little distracted. I went a knuckle deep and she settled a bit.

"Ah, yesss. So, he's fucking me hard. His dick is jackhammering away at my pussy. I'm feeling it all the way to my soul. He's touching me everywhere. Ah! Yes! Like that! Just slamming my cunt. Harder and harder until I can't take it anymore. And all of a sudden, he cums in a gush of spunk like I've never known. He's still fucking me, and I can feel it dripping from my slit. Come on detective. Fill me again. I want to feel spunk dripping out of me again! Please!"

She said "please", so I rammed my cock one last time all the way and pumped her full of my seed. I felt it drip out onto me. I realized that I had just contaminated evidence. I should have used a condom. Or, tried a line of questioning that didn't involve fucking her.

"Then?" I asked.

"I came too." She answered, still fucking me. "I had a thunderous orgasm. AH! Like this! Oh, fuck! Ahhh!" She shuddered as the orgasm rippled through her body. Her thighs and belly shimmied, and her boobs jiggled. She shook her head as she regained. "Then I went to get off him, so I moved up a bit. I guess I had another smaller orgasm and lost my balance. I collapsed on him tits first, and I smothered him. She said and began to fall "tits first" toward me. I caught he by the shoulders and rolled her and her deadly boobs away from me. She lay on the floor beside me, her large tits flattened slightly against her chest, still breathing heavily. She looked up at me.

"What are you going to do, Detective?"

"Nothing. Death by misadventure. Not even self-defense. Besides, no jury would ever believe you killed him with your tits." I answered. "But it takes a while to smother a man. He didn't die in the few seconds your tits were over his face." I stated factually. That's the way Cops talk when they are stating the obvious.

"Yeah, I know. I was on him for over a minute. He just wouldn't die." She said, smiling up at me. "So, wanna fuck my ass?" She said, like she was asking if I wanted a beer.

"Yes, give me a couple of minutes to get rid of the Uniforms. But, uh, no more Cowgirl, okay? I don't want to join your friend."