 The hot desert sun felt so good on her naked body as she lay on the huge flat rock. 

Her hands softly caressed her big tits, not being encumbered by a bra, or clothing for that matter, was a wonderful feeling. The more she did this, the more she felt a growing tingle between her legs, she smiled. Delicately, she placed her middle finger on her "magic spot". It was wet and slippery and grew more so as she began to finger herself. Before she knew it, she was breathing heavily, then gasping, then crying out in ecstasy as that wonderful feeling of release overwhelmed her. 

Some would call her decision reckless, irresponsible, naïve, maybe even dangerous.

Others thought it was adventurous, even romantic.

Laura Austin's sudden decision to leave the small town of Rocky Hill, Texas (where there were few, if any, hills) for the unknown open road with a guy named John in a VW van had spurred much gossip in her hometown. To her though, it was the chance to leave what she saw as a dead-end existence for something, well, better. 

John's van had limped into town one evening while she worked the graveyard shift in the Super Chief Cafe'. He was on his way to California where he planned to join a friend in restoring an old house. Laura was immediately attracted to the stranger and they had a torrid day or two of passion before he had to hit the road again. And when he did, he had a passenger, Laura. 

In a last farewell to her "old self" as it were, she tore off the waitress outfit she'd wedged herself into night after boring night and threw it out the window of John's van as they hit the road.

They took a circuitous route, taking in the sights of the road as they went. John had enough money saved for the trip so that wasn't much of a worry. And his old shirts and jeans fit Laura nicely (she didn't bother with underwear). 

Laura had no qualms about the trip, she was just happy to be somewhere else. While she loved her hometown, John had released this desire buried deep inside her to explore the world beyond Rocky Hill. As for California, well, who knows what might be there for her?

"Hey, there you are!" she heard John say as he approached "Working on your tan, huh?"

"Yeah..." she said as she sat up "Feeling horny too."

"So I heard...you probably woke a few coyotes." he chuckled

Laura playfully slugged him on the shoulder and hand in hand they walked back to the makeshift campsite they had at the van. Laura had acquired a beautiful all-over tan and John couldn't help but stare at her body as she began to pack up their gear. 

Except for a pair of white sneakers, she was still nude. 

The bright lights of Las Vegas were now in sight. 

"Wow!" she exclaimed "What should we do first?"

"I don't know." John said, equally excited "Maybe find an auto parts store, I think the engine might need some more work."

"Uh-oh!"

"Don't worry, babe. This 'ol girls' got a lotta life left in her." he said confidently as he tapped the dashboard.

The VW had been pretty reliable so far, John was a capable mechanic and its breakdowns had thankfully been few and far between, especially when they'd been rolling through the desert.

"Maybe we'll have some luck at the casino." she said as the glittering lights reflected on the van's windows 

"Why not?" John shrugged. 

Neither of them were experienced gamblers so their wins were few and far between. John smartly stopped when he calculated they'd hit the "break even" point. He knew the VW still needed some work

They walked the strip and gawked at the bright lights and pondered their next move. 

Out of the blue, someone handed Laura a card and walked away, disappearing into the crowded streets.

"What's that?"John asked.

"I don't know...some place called the Tally-Ho."

John looked more closely at it.

"Oh my...it's a strip club." he said with a chuckle

"No way!"

"Yeah...says here they're having an amateur night contest."

"Oh, my god! Really?'

"Take a look."

Laura studied the card and saw how the contest paid the winner $5,000.00. She was intrigued and wondered if she could do it. 

"I've never been to a strip club...man look at what first prize pays." she said

"Whoa, five grand could really come in handy." he said, clearly just as intrigued as she was. 

"What do you think?" she asked

"About what?"

"You know, about...um..." 

John looked at her, then his face was a mix of excitement and uncertainty.

"Wait a minute...you're not thinking about entering are you?"

"No, I mean...I would never..." she said firmly before her voice trailed off and changed tone "...still...five grand could come in handy like you said."

They looked at one another and waited for one or the other to be the "voice of reason" as it were.

Laura finally spoke.

"Why not?" she said confidently.

"You're serious?"

She nodded.

"Look, even if I didn't win the second prize is what? Twenty-five hundred. That would help too, right?"

John nodded.

"And we'll have a story to tell your buddies in California. How I paid for the trip with these." she said holding her tits proudly.

"No, I think this story we'll keep to ourselves." he said just as firmly.

They both giggled at what they were planning, then Laura suddenly jumped up and did an impromptu dance in front of some fountains, doing whatever sexy dance moves she could think of. John laughed and any passersby stopped and watched this bit of Vegas craziness.

"Step right up folks! See her at the Tally-Ho!" he said like a carnival barker to all who watched.

The Tally-Ho was huge club just off the strip with a giant multicolored neon sign that would've been right at home next to the Golden Nugget or the Four Aces club. John and Laura stood outside the club, hypnotized by the sign.

"Not too late to change your mind, you know." he said

Laura looked at him and smiled.

"I wanna do this so bad." she said with a confident smile.

She was right, it was another way she was leaving her boring and sedate life in Rocky Hill behind. There was still a twinge of fear but she thought about the story she'd be able to tell, even if John had said they'd keep it to themselves.

"Let's go, babe." she said and they walked in.

The club seemed very upper class, not at all what they expected. It was softly lit with a huge bar that covered the length of the building and had the requisite mirror above it. Big screen TV's were showing sports and there were a couple of video slot machines scattered around. An equally busty blonde strolled by them wearing a bright red see-thru camisole and escorting a middle aged man in a rumpled suit to another part of the club. Seated at the bar was a Latina girl in a leather miniskirt and a Harley-Davidson tank top with strategic tears in it talking to what seemed like a college kid. The sound system was playing ZZ Top's "Tush".

"Oh, that's a good sign!" she said excitedly over the blaring music

"Why?"

"I love those guys! It can't be too hard if you like the music, right?"

"You might be right, let's get a table or something and see what we're in for."

"WE'RE in for? Don't you mean what I'M in for?" she said teasingly.

"You know what I mean!" 

With two beers in hand, they took a seat at the stage and saw the dancers up close. They were pretty, alright. The U-shaped stage had numerous lights and was accessed by a small staircase on the side, glittery curtains lined the walls and there was even a large disco mirror ball hanging from the ceiling. The blonde they first saw was onstage and she freely showed her tits to John and Laura. Laura was intrigued by her, what she wore, and closely watched how she moved. She did the usual bump and grind but on a slower number she gracefully moved about the stage like a cat.

"What do you think?" he asked her.

"She's beautiful, I hope she's not a contestant."

"Alright please welcome to the stage the lovely...Vanessa..." the club DJ announced. Vanessa was a shorter girl with flowing brunette hair, she seemed almost hippie-like in her dress and looks. Like she just walked out of the Woodstock Festival. Vanessa's day-glo sun dress soon dropped revealing perky B-cup tits with dark brown nipples and a cute jet black pussy. She had a dark skin tone that suggested she might be Latina or Middle Eastern. She knelt down in front of Laura, giving her a close-up look at her pussy. 

"Hi, babe...I'm Vanessa." she said in a sweet voice.

"I'm Laura, this is my friend, John."

"Hi, handsome...you two are together?"

"Uh-huh...I'm thinking of entering your contest." Laura said

"Wow! That's awesome! You've got the boobs for it, that's for sure." she said excitedly.

"Who do I talk to about it?"

"Oh, go see Serena...I'll introduce you when I get offstage."

As "Vanessa" went across the stage, Laura turned to John;

"That's different."

"What's different?"

"Serena must be like a manager here, that's different."

"Guess we'll find out." he said

Vanessa charmed all who sat around the stage, erotically making contact with them. She could seductively touch her toned body, then let the music overwhelm her and thrust her body about the stage. After giving a graceful bow, she walked offstage with a generous amount of dollar bills stuffed into a small leather bag. 

"Give me a minute, I'll be back." she said to John & Laura.

"What do you think of her?" John asked as Vanessa walked away

"I'm lucky she's not competing, she's good...I think she's sexy."

John nodded in response.

"She's good, but...you're better." he said into her ear.

Laura leaned in and closed her eyes as he held her close.

Looking around the stage area, it seemed a mix of businessmen out for a night of fun, blue collar guys looking to let off steam and maybe a few tourists here and there. Off to one side she noticed a single guy wearing a denim jacket. He didn't look blue collar but didn't look like a tourist either. He was nursing what seemed like a ginger ale or a Sprite. Definitely a rare sight in a place like this. It almost seemed like he was just stopping in on his way to someplace else.

"I wonder what his story is?" she thought 

A few minutes later, Vanessa returned.

"Serena's busy now, how about a private dance while you're waiting?"

John looked surprised and turned to Laura.

"Why not?" she said as she got up

"Cool!" Vanessa said as she led them to an area at the back of the club.

Silver beads that reflected whatever light there was from the club served as the door to the "private dance" area. It was lit with black lights that gave a strange, soft glow and had several little rooms no bigger than a phone booth. Within them were large black velvet easy chairs. Laura was small enough that she and John could sit together. 

"You two look good together." Vanessa said "Just relax, this is gonna be fun."

Vanessa began to run her hands slowly down John's chest until she got to his crotch. Then she began to rub her limber body close to his, Laura could already feel the erotic tension between them building. The music in the background seemed to fade away. Vanessa had a sweet, powdery scent about her. John hesitantly began to touch Vanessa, who nodded her approval. She turned to Laura, who also touched her soft, dark skin. Vanessa turned to her and smiled widely. She now turned to Laura, giving her a soft kiss on her neck. She sat up a little and removed her top, giving them another look at her cute tits. 

"You can touch me, you know." she said

Laura didn't know what to say but reached out to this young temptress, her tits felt wonderfully soft.

"Can I touch you?" Vanessa asked

"Yes...please do..."

Vanessa felt Laura's big tits through her shirt and giggled.

"I've never felt boobs like yours...their awesome...c-can I see them?"

She turned to John, who was entranced by everything.

"Okay." 

Laura reached started to unbutton her flannel shirt, just enough for her. Vanessa gasped when she saw her tits.

"Wow...they're beautiful..." she said as she caressed them, making the nipples harden "Awesome."

John turned to Laura and leaned down to kiss her nipples. Vanessa giggled at the sight and impulsively did the same on her other nipple. Laura had her tits being sucked by the man she loved and this exotic dancer who couldn't be much older than her.

And she loved it.

Vanessa had her right hand on John's crotch and was rubbing it.

"Does he have a big cock?" she asked Laura.

"Oh yes...very nice."

"You wanna see it?" he asked

Vanessa looked around to make sure no one was watching, then nodded to him.

John began to unzip his jeans, Laura was still getting over the feel of another woman kissing her boobs. Vanessa reached in and pulled out his throbbing dick.

"Oh yeah, you were right!" she giggled.

Vanessa began to caress John's dick, Laura had unbuttoned her shirt fully and was caressing her tits as she watched.

John turned to her.

"Rub your pussy...go ahead." he said in a soft tone she somehow heard. Vanessa turned to see Laura's hand go inside her jeans. She turned again to see if the coast was clear, then slid her panties off. She was now completely naked in front of them.

"Whoa!" John said, trying not to get too excited.

Vanessa's body was just as stunning even in the low light of the private dance room. She crouched down and was soon sucking John's dick. Laura was hypnotized, she wasn't offended that someone else was pleasuring her boyfriend, she was having too much fun pleasuring herself. John looked over at her, his face was pure pleasure too.

"Fuck her...fuck her, babe." Laura said

Vanessa heard what was said and looked around again.

"I can't do that...but you two can." she said to them. 

"I'll keep a lookout." she said with a smile.

John & Laura nodded at each other and moved quickly. 

Laura slid her jeans down and Vanessa noticed her lack of underwear.

"No panties? Wow! You guys are kinky!" she giggled.

"Saves time." John said as Laura lay back in the big chair.

John's jeans were down around his ankles but he had enough room to fuck Laura. Vanessa wedged herself in too and sucked Laura's tits as John fucked her.

"I love your boobs!" Vanessa said

"Oh god...I love being fucked!" Laura gasped.

Everyone was immensely turned on. Vanessa gave little kisses to her and John, Laura was in heaven as John fucked her.

The excitement of the moment was all too short as John exploded into Laura's pussy.

There was little time for contemplation. Vanessa looked around apprehensively.

"Man, I'm lucky...some girl got caught in here last week and they fired her on the spot." she said as she quickly dressed "I'll go find Serena."

And with that, Vanessa left the room.

John and Laura looked at one another and giggled in between hugs.

"Oh my god that was so crazy!" she said

"Come on..." John said breathlessly "We've gotta make this look good."

The pair got a couple of suspicious looks as they quietly exited the private dance room. Someone from the club immediately went in after they left, probably looking for evidence.

Luckily, they found none.

They found Vanessa at the bar with a pretty blonde they'd seen earlier onstage.

"I'm Serena, you're Laura I take it?"

"Y-yes, I wanna enter your amateur dancer contest."

"Okay..." Serena began "There's 5 girls competing, first prize is 5 grand, second 2,500 and third is a 1,000...looks like you might need a costume, or did you bring your own?"

"She'll need one." Vanessa said

"How do you know, did you see her boobs already?" Serena said, sounding annoyed.

"Not exactly...I just think she'd look good in one."

John couldn't help but snicker at what Serena said. Laura bashfully covered her mouth. Serena looked at Laura, then pulled out a sheet of paper.

"Okay, sign this...your costume coordinator here..." she said turning to Vanessa "...will get you set up."

"Come with me."

Laura turned to John, who gave her a quick kiss.

"Knock 'em dead babe!" he said

Vanessa led Laura into what passed for a dressing room at the club. Several old metal lockers lined a wall, all with dents or graffiti on them. A row of makeup tables with lights were against a wall and she got a look at her "competition" as it were.

A tall brassy blonde with big tits was eagerly brushing her hair.

"Hi, I'm Vicki!" she said

"Laura, Laura Austin."

"You come for the contest, huh?"

"Yes, you too?"

"Shit, I'll be happy if I get second." she laughed "My girlfriend dared me to enter this."

"Mine too." she replied nervously "I mean, my boyfriend dared me to enter!"

Vicki laughed.

"That's OK, good luck." she said as she walked off.

"Okay, all the outfits are basically the same, saves on expenses." Vanessa said.

The costumes were variations on a satin camisole and matching short-shorts. 

"You'd look good in this." she said handing Laura a pink satin outfit.

"That looks good, I'll wear that one."

"Cool!" she said "I've got another set to do, the DJ will call you onstage when it's time. You can leave your clothes in the lockers there, they'll be safe."

"Okay."

Vanessa looked at her, then gave her a kiss on the lips.

"You're beautiful...I hope you win." she said

Laura was too stunned to reply as she walked off.

Laura took a deep breath and undressed with another dancer watching her. 

"Oooooweee...you got some boobs there, girlfriend!"

"Th-thanks..." 

Laura finished dressing and checked herself in the big mirror. She looked down at her tits.

"Well girls, it's all up to you now." she said to herself.

"ALLLLRIGHT! It's show time at the Tally-Ho!" the DJ bellowed in a deep voice "We've got five lovely, lllllusty ladies all vying for five thousand smackers...are you ready?"

The "crowd" murmured in response.

"I can't hear you...you wanna see some amateur tits and ass?"

Now they responded.

Laura stood at the side of the stage watching. 

"First up...say hello to the vivacious...Vicky!"

Vicky went out to the strains of the Rolling Stones "Satisfaction" and did a wild striptease that generated the usual amount of bills for her to grab.

Watching their reaction made her nervous, then she saw John returning to his seat with another beer. She realized that he must have a strategy, stay away from the stage when someone else was on. That way she'd only be dancing for him, not competing for his attention.

"Smart guy!" she thought. 

The next dancer was named Chrissie. She had brown hair but seemed pretty ditzy in her moves, plus she nearly fell off the stage at one point.

"What music would you like?" the DJ/MC asked.

"Oh, uh...ZZ Top...do you have that song "Apologies to Pearly"?"

"As a matter of fact I do...how do you know that song?"

"I'm from Texas." she shrugged.

The DJ's eyes lit up

"Me, too!" he said but before he could tell her where he saw his cue to be onstage "You got it." he said

"ALLLLLRIGHT! Our final dancer is a lovely lady...say hello to Little Laura from Austin!"

Her first impulse was to correct him, she was from Rocky Hill, Texas. Not Austin!

"Now or never." she thought.

The screaming guitar instrumental came on and Laura did every bump and grind move she could think of, shaking her ass, provocatively pulling on her camisole shirt to the crowd's delight. The slide guitar made her slide on the floor and when she pulled off her shirt, the crowd screamed its approval as they saw her gorgeous tits. She shoved her tits into John's face as he watched, absolutely hypnotized. She saw the kid in the denim jacket and found herself looking into his eyes as she slowly pulled her shorts down and showed her "girl goodies" to him and the rest of the crowd. 

As fast as it started, her spot was over and the crowd was yelling for more. The stage littered with ones, fives and more than a few twenties. 
