 They were at his place. She needed to feel sexy again, just for a bit, and there was no better way than to pick up some random guy, give him an amazing blowjob, and then go back to her day-to-day life as if nothing had happened. This one was cute, a bit younger than her, and didn't seem overly smart, so she was pretty confident she could give him head and leave him wanting more, but at the same time thankful for the experience.

They spent some time making out on the couch, which then moved to the bed, and it turned out he was a pretty good kisser. Very good, in fact. She was already getting turned on just from the light petting they were doing; he was young, but he either knew what he was doing, or had good instincts.

Before she could lose too much focus, she decided it was time to take back control. She had him stand up, kissed her way down his chest, unzipped him, and freed his cock. It was bigger than she'd been expecting; she'd be able to have some fun with this one!

She was just about to take him into her mouth when he pulled her out of the moment: "What are you doing?" he asked. This threw her off of her game: what did he think she was doing?!? She was about to give him a blowjob to remember for the ages - that's what she was doing!

But she wasn't going to let him throw her off for long. She aimed her best bedroom eyes up at him, so that he was gazing over his own cock to see her, gave a tender lick up the head, and said softly, "I think you know what I'm doing." And then she closed her eyes, ramping up the sensualism, licked him up the shaft, and was, once again, about to take him into her mouth, when he interrupted again.

"But you've still got your clothes on!"

Now this was going to be a problem. She always left her clothes on, when blowing a random stranger. It gave her a sense of power over the situation. She would pleasure him, while, to a certain extent, staying aloof from the whole situation - not to mention that she could make a quick escape when she was done. Sure, she occasionally got jizz on her clothes, which wasn't ideal, but getting naked with this guy would add a level of intimacy that she wasn't looking for right now.

She took the head into her mouth, swirled her tongue around it a bit, and then looked up at him. "Is that really what you're worried about right now?" she asked. Then she closed her eyes and took him back into her mouth.

But he wasn't giving up on the point.

"Doesn't seem fair," he said. "Here I am, baring everything to you, and you're fully clothed!" And when she looked up, true to his word, he'd taken off his shirt. His pants had long hit the floor, after she'd unzipped him, so he was, indeed, standing before her naked.

"Oh Jesus Christ," she thought. "He's not going to shut up about this! He does have a sexy body, though..."

Rather than trying to have an argument with him - while still trying to keep his cock in her mouth! - she decided to get the argument over quickly, by removing her top and unsnapping her bra. It had barely fallen off before she had him back in her mouth, and was gratified to feel him getting even stiffer, at the sight of her. "I guess I've still got it," she thought.

Good, he thought to himself. She went for it.

As she'd feared, being topless while she gave him head was making things much more intimate than she'd intended this session to be. The cool air hitting her naked skin was causing her to get light goosebumps - which made her skin more sensitive. Making things worse, any time she really started to bob her head up and down on his lovely cock, she could feel her breasts swaying around!

To calm things down, a bit, she raised up an arm to hold over her boobs, to prevent them from moving too much as she took him down her throat. Unfortunately, that made things worse: the feel of her skin on her now sensitive nipples started a definite warmth in her pussy. After a while, despite her best intentions, she realized that she'd gone from holding her boobs in place to running a finger over her nipple, and even tweaking it. This was foolish, because the warmth in her pussy was now becoming a raging fire, and her panties were getting wet. What happened to the control? What happened to giving this guy head and then leaving him?

And why hadn't he cum yet?!? She knew what she was doing, and she'd never had a guy last this long before! Usually, by now, she'd have his cum in her belly, and would already be trying to extricate herself from the situation while he was still light headed from his explosion, and easier to convince of... well, whatever she wanted to convince him of! But this guy was still rock hard, going strong, and not even breathing hard. She was getting more wet by the moment, and didn't know how much longer this was going to go!

Before she knew what she was doing, she'd unzipped her skirt, and let it fall to the floor. The hand that had previously been playing with her breasts was now furiously working her clit. Between the satisfaction she was getting from pleasuring him, and the pleasure she was giving herself, she was practically dizzy with lust.

And then one of those events occurred that rarely happens in real life: they came together. Just as her own dam burst, and she started to cum on her own fingers, she felt him go tense, and then took a flood of his cum into her mouth. She swallowed it eagerly, greedily, and was in such a confused state that, in her mind, she conflated the cum going down her throat with her own orgasm, as if his seed was going straight through her body and coming out her pussy.

When she finally came down from her orgasm, and had finished cleaning every last drop of cum away from his cock, she found herself falling onto his bed, beside him. Collapsing, more like; she felt spent, and rubbery, as she always did after a good, strong orgasm.

Before she had time to think about how intimate things were getting, he made it even worse by spooning her from behind, and taking her in his powerful arms.

She did her best not to think about what was happening; she still had vague ideas of getting out the door as soon as possible. She'd have to put her clothes back on, which wasn't a normal part of the escape, but she could do it. She started thinking tactically about where she'd discarded particular garments, and which order she'd have to pick them up to be clothed as quickly as possible. She took pains not to think about the fact that his cock - which was still semi-hard! - was resting between her naked thighs. She tried to think of something she could say, when she put her clothes on. She tried not think about the fact that his arms, which were over hers, were so close to her breasts; if he moved a fraction of an inch, he could be cupping them in his hands, just as she'd done a few minutes before!

No! She had to put that out of her mind, because she could already tell her pussy was warming up to the idea again. She needed to get out of there; she didn't need him sliding a hand down her tummy, roaming gently over her thigh, and then moving back up along her inner thigh, looking for her pleasure button, taking over from what she'd been doing to herself before she collapsed beside him.

Which, she realized, was not a random thought - it's what he was actually doing! She made a half-hearted effort to brush his hand away, but her clit was still too sensitive, and her body was not going to deprive itself of another orgasm. So the hand that had started out trying to brush his hand away instead found itself resting on it, occasionally guiding him, but mostly letting him do what, she was now realizing, he was already pretty good at.

This was not part of the plan at all, but she no longer cared. She closed her eyes, and let herself be carried away by his ministrations. She left her hand on his - at this point more for intimacy than for guidance, which showed that she'd completely lost the battle - and moved her other hand up to her breasts, to tweak her nipples some more.

And oh, god, as he pleasured her he was lightly breathing down the back of her neck, and raining light kisses there. Occasionally he'd move up a bit further, to nibble her earlobe, which practically caused sparks to fly out of her pussy! So it wasn't long at all before she was cumming again, shuddering against him, pressed as close as possible.

She could also feel the heat of his cock, now fully hard again, resting against her entrance. He'd already been positioned perfectly, between her legs, so as it got harder, it simply moved closer and closer to where it wanted to be. Where she wanted it to be...

"See?" he whispered quietly into her ear - his finger still making lazy, gentle circles on her clit - "See how much better it is, when we're both naked?"

"Mmm hmm," she responded, more of a sigh than an utterance. She was too busy trying to fight her own body, at this point; she didn't want to go the final step - but she so badly wanted that cock in her cunt. Right. Fucking. NOW.

And goddamn it, he knew exactly what he was doing, because he wasn't stopping what he was doing with his hand. He wanted to bring her off again; he wanted to take away any delusion of self control she might have left - he wanted her body - her pussy - calling the shots!

She tried to say... something. She tried to get him to stop. But the only sounds she was making were light moans, and they were increasing in intensity. And oh, fuck, he was right there. So close.

"What do you want?" he asked, as if he knew exactly what was going on in her head, and wanting her to verbalize it. Hell, he probably did know exactly what was going on in her head! It was painfully obvious.

"I..." she started, and then she stopped, and sighed with pleasure, and rubbed her pussy against his hand, despite herself. And then she softly whispered something, too faint to hear.

"What's that?" he whispered, his lips brushing against her earlobe, and driving her fucking crazy. "What do you want?" he asked again. "I want to hear you say it. I want you to ask for it."

"Oh, god," she mumbled, nothing left in her brain except the pleasure that was radiating from her clit. "Please..." she whispered, the only word she could form at this point.

"Please what?"

Oh god, he was going to make her say it, and she wasn't sure she could form the words.

But where there was a will, there was a way.

"Fuck me," she finally got out. "Please fuck me! Please fuck me, please fuck me hard, fuck me, please fuck me, please..."

"But what about prot-" he started to respond, an obvious teasing lilt to his voice.

"PLEASE! Just give it to me!" she begged. "I need it! I need you to fuck- Oh, YES!" she screamed, as he plunged into her. Still working her clit with his finger - goddamn this guy was good! - and starting to thrust his cock into her sopping cunt. Slowly pulling out, thrusting back in.

Despite their position on the bed, still spooning, she did her best to move her body with him, and fuck him back, doing what she could to give as good as she was taking. She came again, this time with her cunt wrapped around his gorgeous cock, feeling it thrusting inside her, pushing the walls of her pussy apart, taking control of her.

She practically fainted, washed away on the sea of her orgasm. She almost didn't notice when he repositioned them; it probably would have been doggy style, except that, since she had no strength left, she couldn't hold herself up. So she was simply face-down, ass-up, and he was behind her - which is when he started to fuck her in earnest.

He grabbed her hips, and held her steady while he started to build up a steady rhythm. He was fucking her hard and fast; she felt her breathing starting to get in sync with his pace, which meant that she was practically panting as he made her his own. At one point he freed up one hand, moved it under her, and started to work her clit again, which caused her to immediately scream out another orgasm.

Gradually, her eyes started to roll up into her head. There was nothing left of her, except for her white-hot pussy, which was grasping hungrily at an amazing cock.

And finally, she got what she now realized she'd been craving all along, as he held her hips steady, slowed down his pace, and started to thrust more purposely as he cum into her. Jet after jet of hot seed, filling her up. Making her whole. She came again, making a sound somewhere between a whimper, a scream, and a howl. "Yes!" she screamed. "Give me... Give me your..." She didn't even know if she was saying it out loud, or just thinking it. She didn't care. She didn't care about anything except the feeling of his cock inside her. When his seed started to leak out of her, and roll gently down her thigh, she shuddered with pleasure once more. She never wanted to leave this place.

He joined her on the bed, taking her in his arms, kissing her some more. He would let her rest, for a few minutes, and then he'd fuck her again.

After all, they had all night...

--

"And that," he told his buddies at the bar, at the end of his story, "is why I always make a chick take her clothes off, when she gives me head. Sometimes they don't want anything more than to suck me off and then leave, but the intimacy of being naked with a man always takes away some of her inhibitions. From that point on, it's just a matter of small victories, leading to larger ones. 'If I already have my tits out,' she thinks, 'why not my ass and my pussy, too? If I'm already naked, why not touch myself? If I'm already cumming, why don't I let him fuck me?' Hell, sometimes, like the chick last night, they get so far past thinking that they don't even worry about condoms! They just want to get that dick inside them, and they don't want to wait!"