 Katie pulled the foam pillow around her head tightly, attempting to silence the sound of moans and screaming in the next room. Her roommate Jenn and the unknown stud, had been going at it since they'd come in at 2AM. That was over an hour ago. Katie normally wouldn't mind, but Jenn was never this loud. Giving up, Katie got up from her bed and flung open the door to the hall. She quickly walked to the other bedroom, her breasts bouncing free beneath the oversized T-shirt she wore as PJs from her boyfriend.

Their rooms were both at one end of the apartment while their other roommate Vicky got the master bedroom on the other end. A sweater, a light blue button up shirt, and a thin jacket, were all tossed on the carpet without any regard.

Katie was about to knock on Jenn's door when she heard the man shout: "Oh yes!"

When she tentatively put her ear to the door a man was grunting as if he was lifting something heavy for a few seconds and then he moaned a few times. She heard sighs of contentment from Jenn, and then there was a thump as if one of them collapsed on the bed. Then it was quiet. Katie walked back softly to her room and fell to sleep soon after her head hit the pillow.

The next morning she heard Jenn open the closet and move her clothes around. Unfortunately Jenn's closet was on the wall right next to where Katie's head lay. The clock displayed 8:45AM, which was strange, because Jenn was usually driving to work by now. Jenn grabbed her laptop and went into the kitchen near the entrance of the apartment. She sat it up on the kitchen table and opened the refrigerator. The orange juice sloshed as she poured some into a glass and placed it next to her computer. As she started to sip her juice and scroll through the latest news on the gossip sites, she heard a door open and Jenn walked into the kitchen, folding back her hair and fastening it with a barrette.

"Fuck! I've never been this late," Jenn said. She shuffled her purse and shoes in her hands. Then setting her purse on the table next to Katie's laptop, she started strapping her heels on.

"So what was up with last night?"

Jenn finished with the straps and looked up.

"We're we loud?" she asked with a wince.

"Very," Katie said flatly.

"I'm sorry, but god. He was... I mean..."

"What?" Katie asked.

"Uh...," Jenn paused. "Come on," she said waving her hand towards her bedroom.

"What?"

"Hurry up, come here," she said going to her room.

Katie got up from the table, pressing the laptop closed and following as Jenn walked quickly to her room. Jenn opened the door to her bedroom slowly and Katie peered through the dim light. The room was about the same size as Katie's, but Jenn's bed was a bit bigger and left almost no space for anything else. 

On the floor were discarded clothing and shoes, including those belonging to the man who was lying on Jenn's bed. He was on his side, facing them, a sheet and blanket covering him from the stomach down. He had messy black hair, a handsome face, and a nice muscular torso.

Jenn got up close to the bed.

"What are you doing?" Katie said, standing just outside the door as her roommate approached the slumbering young man.

She waved Katie over, and Katie walked next to her. They both peered down as Jenn lifted up the blanket and sheet up until they could see his naked lower half.

"Shit," Katie said and quickly covered her mouth. 

Jenn giggled softly and put her finger to her lips.

Dangling from between the young man's legs was a very big dick. Katie couldn't help but stare at it. From shaft to tip she estimated its limp size at seven inches. 

Jenn dropped the sheets and rubbed his shoulder.

Katie looked concerned, but he didn't wake up.

Jen shook him again, but he just rolled over.

They both left the room, and Jenn head for the front door.

"So now you know why I was so loud last night," she laughed.

"How can you walk after that?" Katie asked.

"I am a little sore," she admitted, "But my hangover is worse," she replied. "He drank a lot more than me. I don't think he'll be up anytime soon." She opened the front door. "Could you tell him I had to go to work when he wakes up? You don't have work today, right?"

"Not till 4," Katie replied.

"Ok, let him know," she said walking outside. 

"What's his name?" Katie replied.

"Oh shit," Jenn laughed. "I don't remember," she smiled, but she frowned as the pain returned to her head. "Sorry. Alright, see you later."

"Uh...OK, bye." Katie waved and closed the door as Jenn went down the hall. Katie leaned against the door for a second and then went back to her room and started looking through her clothes. She took off the pjs she had on, and put on a bra that gave her great cleavage and a low cut gray blouse with a tight black short skirt. Then she went back to the kitchen and started looking through internet sites as she waited for the hung stud to wake up. She heard some moving in Jenn's room and then the toilet went off. Soon after, the handsome man walked through the hall towards the kitchen. He was fully dressed, but his hair was still a bit messy.

"Oh hey, umm.., good morning," he said.

"Hi," Katie smiled.

"Ooo, do you have any coffee?" he asked.

"Oh umm sure let me..." she got up to the cabinet and started to reach, but it was too high for her. "Umm could you get it?"

"Yeah," he said getting closer and grabbing the bottle. As he reached up his shirt lifted showing his flat belly. 

"Oh... I forgot to tell you. Umm Jenn had to go t-to work," she stuttered.

"Jenn," he repeated, setting the jar down.

"Yeah my roommate Jenn, you know the one you were with last night?"

"Yeah," Brad replied.

"You do remember last night?"

"Yeah I just... bad hangover," he said pointing to his head. "I'm Brad, by the way."

"Oh, umm, Katie," she smiled. They shook hands briefly. His hand seemed huge as it enveloped hers.

"Uh... sorry. It's not real beans or anything," she said.

"It's alright," he smiled. Katie looked into his face. He had beautiful brown eyes with long dark eyelashes. Even hung over he looked cute. Katie glanced down at his pants, finding the large bulge there, and then quickly looked back up to his face. He had his eyes closed, rubbing his forehead, unaware of her sneaking a peek. She moved back to the table to sit, but then stood back up.

"You... um you want an aspirin or something?" she asked.

"Oh that would be great thanks," he replied.

"O-ok," she said, moving her hair behind an ear with a wan smile. Katie walked out of the kitchen.

"Cups?" he asked.

She stepped very close to him, arching her back as she opened the cabinet near him, and gave a smile as she put it in his hand.

"Thanks," he said.

"I'll be right back."

She went to her room, and entered the bathroom. Opening the medicine cabinet, she pulled out a bottle and then closed the door.

She stared at her reflection.

"So... umm, you two sure had fun...," she stopped and shook her head.

"Uh, do you know what dim sum is? It's Chinese food, and good for hangovers," she said to the mirror dubiously. She looked at the bottle and then walked back to the kitchen. 

He was stirring a hot cup of coffee and blowing on it gently. She handed him the bottle.

"Thank you." He took a couple pills and swallowed them with a sip of the coffee.

She sat down at the table again.

Katie looked up at him as he sipped the instant coffee, and tried not to look at the large bulge in his pants.

"Uh... so how is it?"

"It's instant coffee..," he said with a laugh.

"Yeah sorry," she laughed back.

"Thanks though," he smiled. He set the cup down on the counter.

"Well..." he said.

"Um..." Katie started. "Before you go..."

Brad looked at her thoughtfully.

"I..," she began to turn a little red. "Umm... Jenn. Well... last night, you and."

Brad looked puzzled.

"Well last night you were kinda loud, and I asked Jenn why, and she showed me your penis, and well I was wondering... if I could see it again."

A look of confusion passed over his face quickly and then he gave a wan smile.

"Sure," he said.

He approached Katie and she began breathing fast. Her normally pale face had turned a pinkish hue. She pushed back her raven-black hair over one ear again as Brad unzipped his pants and reaching in them, flopped his cock and balls out against the denim.

Katie's mouth dropped open and her eyes opened wide.

"Wow," she said looking up at him.

Brad let his dick dangle in front of her while he pressed her laptop closed.

Katie bit her lip playfully.

"Can I?" she asked putting her hand towards his impressive manhood.

"Go ahead," he said.

His dick felt very warm in her hand. She noticed that he shaved his balls, and trimmed the pubes at the base of his cock as her fingers press against his large genitals. 

"Wow you've got big balls too," she said, grabbing them with her other hand. The scent of his cock and balls was subtle, but almost made her mouth water.

"Can I see it hard?" she asked with a smile. 

"Why not."

His cock began to lengthen and get firm as she stroked the big piece of man-meat, and his balls bounced off his jeans when she went faster. He dick continued to grow bigger and harder the more she pumped it. 

"Jesus, you're so big," she said in awe, realizing her thumb and fingers couldn't span his entire girth when he was hard. His cock was about an inch short of foot and had a slight curve up. A bit of fluid oozed out.

"Oh..," Katie said. "You gonna come?" she asked with grin.

"That's just pre-cum," he said.

Katie looked at his dick and then extended her tongue, licking the tip of his phallus.

"Hmmm," she said. "It's salty." 

Brad put his hand to her head, just behind her ear, and pressed his thumb to her cheek gently. Katie continued to lick the head of his penis, smiling as she looked up at him.

"Open your mouth," he said. 

She complied and Brad slid his dick inside, the head of his cock forcing her jaw open wider, as her tongue licked the underside. She sucked gently and then took him from her mouth.

"Fuck you're big," she sighed. "Damn this is like bigger than anything I've ever seen," she said. "No wonder Jenn was screaming last night."

Brad pressed his dick back to her lips and she opened them again, trying to swallow as much of him as she could. She could feel her panties becoming damp.

"Mmmm," she moaned around his big dick. She gently squeezed his balls as she stroked his cock with her hand. She felt Brad's firm grip in her hair, pulling her up and down his dick, while her thick lips ran over the juicy skin of his cock head.

His dick popped free from her mouth and she gasped for air.

"Oh man that's good," she smiled.

"Tell me about it," Brad replied.

"So do you go to school at UC--," she began, but Brad forced his dick back into her mouth before she could finish. He held the back of her head with both hands and began pushing his cock in nearly half way. When he tried a few inches more she felt as if it was going to gag her, so she pushed him away. He pulled back until he slid free, slick with her saliva.

"Damn babe you only had a few more inches to go," he said in dissatisfaction.

"It's too big," she gasped.

"Catch your breath."

"Wow, I've never... had any guy that deep."

"I want to get back in that sweet mouth. Fuck your throat," he said, bending down to her level and kissing her lips. "Mmm, you're a good kisser too."

She sighed as he stood back up.

"Do you swallow?" he asked, stroking his huge dick in front of her face.

"Uh no... but," she gulped. Then she looked up into Brad's eyes. "I'll swallow yours."

"Nice," he replied.

He put his dick to her lips and she began spreading her lips wide again. His hips moved back and forth

"Oh yeah babe, right there."

Katie felt like her pussy was dripping as she felt his long hard dick thrust back and forth into her mouth.

"Here it comes," he bellowed. Katie felt his fingers pull her hair tighter and then suddenly release as he pulled his dick from her mouth and stroked it. She saw the fat head of his dick spewing hot cum into her waiting mouth. She tasted the thick liquid across her tongue. It was slightly sweet, which surprised her as well as the strong salty taste of a man. Her boyfriend was much more salty, she thought, although she only tasted him once. Brad deposited several tablespoons into her mouth with the same grunts she had heard early in the morning.

"Oh yeah," he said emphatically as the last spurt fell from his cock.

Katie swallowed his warm seed, licking her lips completely to get any stray drops.

"Did I get it all?" she said with a smile.

"Perfect," he laughed.

"Looks like the big guy is still ready," she said, giving the side of his hard cock a kiss while she tugged it.

"You want to take it for a test drive?"

"What kind of question is that?" she asked with a smirk, standing up, and pushing down her panties. Brad grabbed them from her hand and took a big whiff. 

"Daisies," he said.

Katie blushed and put her arms around his neck. She saw him slip her panties in his back pocket right before giving her a deep kiss. When he pulled back she noticed him look over her shoulder.

"What is it," she said, turning back to see the wall clock behind her.

"Shit! I have football practice in 5 minutes."

Katie sighed.

"You have to go?"

"I wish I didn't, but coach has been riding us real hard lately. He might not put me in next game if I ditch. I'll get in trouble enough for being late."

"I understand," she nodded.

"Hey give me your number," he said while pulling out his phone and handing it to her.

"Sure," she said typing it in. "You better call me," she said as she handed it back.

"Bet on it," he said. Brad looked back at her in the doorway as he walked away down the hall.