 The Gulfstream G150 jet swiftly made its way across the twilight skies. Its cabin was business-like with high backed leather chairs, flat screen monitors, desks and tables of varying sizes. Everything a titan of industry could require in his travels.

But on this flight, the interior lights were largely dimmed and only a solitary passenger was aboard. She sat in the black leather chair and looked out the window as the last rays of sunlight began to disappear. She sipped ginger ale from glasses imprinted with the company logo and then looked down at a copy of Business Week magazine that had been left aboard. Amidst the cover's headlines was one that caught her eye.

"America's Ghost Towns: The Next Land Boom?"

She idly began to flip through the issue until she saw the story. It was definitely about towns that had largely been abandoned by industry, were slowly dying, but ripe for new business opportunities. 

One photo and its caption made her stop.

"I know this town." She said quietly to herself.

Rocky Hill, Texas was an oddity in so many ways. No one could recall how a town could be called Rocky Hill when there were no hills and few rocks. It was largely flat and dusty. At the end of one street was the Super Chief Café, named for the famous transcontinental train that used to stop in town on its way to or from the west coast and open 24 hours. Billy Bob Hutchinson, its owner, had wisely added a Texaco gas station next to the café, cashing in on a fuel they sold called Super Chief. When the Super Chief train made its last run, he kept the station/café open even with the diminishing business. It made for a yearly write off on his income taxes, nothing more. The locals had taken to calling it "the Super Cheap Café".

A solitary girl walked the empty streets to her waitress shift at the café. She was short with thick black hair that she'd tie back when on duty. She wore a light blue uniform that felt tight on her body at times. It had belonged to a previous employee who wasn't as "blessed" in certain areas as the current owner was. 

Her name was Laura.

Though she usually worked a variety of shifts at the café, more often than not she got the overnight shift where the clientele consisted of the occasional long haul trucker on their way to Dallas or further west looking for an extra bit of coffee to keep them going for 100 more miles, or line workers for the phone company. But for the most part, she was on her own listening to the radio and wondering what was down the road that led out of town, to the Interstate highway, to parts unknown.

By 11 PM, the café had seen the last of its regulars and she'd be on her own until the early morning breakfast crowd arrived. To say things were quiet was putting it mildly. She leaned against the counter trying to decide how to spend the next few hours. All the dishes had been washed by the previous shift, the coffee was brewed.

But this uniform was just too damn tight and wearing a bra underneath probably didn't help matters either. She took a look around the empty café and then outside the front door, nobody in sight, good. She immediately unbuttoned the front of her uniform and unlatched her bra, the rush of "being free" as it were felt great. She doubted anybody would care if she kept it off. Hell, she could probably do her shift totally naked and it wouldn't make any difference, it was so slow tonight. And a gentle night time breeze felt wonderful on her breasts.

Good sense prevailed and she quickly re-buttoned her uniform.

She got a coffee for herself and sat outside and took in the quiet night air. In the distance she saw headlights far off down the main road. But they seemed to be taking a long time to get closer. 

The headlights she'd seen belonged to a sputtering VW van that pulled into the parking lot. It was smoking out of the back end. Its driver quickly got out and opened up the back, quickly being engulfed in smoke and steam.

"Are you OK?" she called to him

He waved off the smoke

"Yes, I think it's an oil leak. You don't have a mechanic round here, do you?"

"Not until the morning." Laura said as she walked over.

"Well, guess I'm stuck here. Is there someplace I could park until the morning?"

"Sure, over there by the sign." she said pointing to the weathered Texaco sign.

"Good enough." He said "Oh, I'm John."

"Laura." She said as they shook hands "Park your van and I can get you some coffee, maybe a burger?"

"That'll be perfect. I've been on the road for a long time."

John eagerly dug into a cheeseburger and fries.

"Where are you heading?" Laura asked

"California, a friend of mine has a house there he's restoring and he needs all the help he can get."

"Wow, I'd love to go out there. It must be nice."

"Uh-huh, the house is a big one too." He said as he took another sip of coffee "How long have you lived here?"

"Too long."

"So...what keeps you here?" he asked inquisitively "You never wondered what's out there?"

Laura thought long and hard for an answer

"I don't know, not much, I guess. Not much opportunities here so I guess I'm stuck."

"Could you leave if you wanted to?"

"You mean, like, move out of state?"

John nodded

"No, I-I couldn't" she said hesitantly "My Aunt still lives here and she'd be lonely."

Laura knew that was a dumb answer. Her Aunt Rosie was something of a character in town and anything but lonely. She and Billy Bob had had a fling years ago and she believed he'd leave the café' to her if he died, then she could cash in on the property and sell it. The gossip in town had been that oil speculators had been in the area a few times so she figured it was only a matter of time before he went to that "goldmine in the sky" as it were, and whatever riches lay under the cafe` would be hers.

"You're right, it's tough leaving family behind." John said as he finished the last bit of the burger "Well, I'm gonna get some sleep."

"Where?"

"Oh, in my van, it's kind cool. You wanna see it?"

Laura thought for a minute

"Um...OK."

The side door of the VW slid open revealing a mattress that seemed custom-fitted to the dimensions of the van. He had some thick pillows and blankets scattered around. A makeshift curtain stretched around the windows and effectively dimmed the inside. Multicolored Christmas lights were around the top and small speakers were mounted in the corners.

"Hey, this is kinda neat!" Laura said as she looked in

"Yeah, I got a friend back home who's a whiz at engineering stuff like this. I wish he'd worked his magic on the engine."

"Can you fix it?"

"Probably, it's gotten me this far, I don't see why it won't go all the way."

Go all the way. 

It had been awhile since she'd heard those words, even when innocently used like now. Laura knew she had a killer body, though it embarrassed her sometimes. Auntie Rose said otherwise and she should know. In her younger days she'd worked the burlesque circuit around Texas. It was how she'd met Billy Bob and several other men whose status was known by the size of their hats and the age of their Cadillac's. Not to mention the size of their wallets. Other than some unmemorable encounters in the back of Junior Murphy's pickup, Laura's love life wasn't much to speak of. But she had ways of relieving whatever romantic longings she might have. Auntie Rose had a shower massager installed some time back, supposedly for "medical reasons". While Rose slept off whatever excesses she'd had from the night before, Laura secretly enjoyed some long showers, the massager between her legs.

John climbed inside and pulled out a small metal box.

"Feel like a smoke?" he asked

"Is that, um..." she asked hesitantly

"Uh-huh, it's grass."

"You better not, the sheriff sometimes stops by to check in on me."

"Oh, got it." He quickly hid the box under some clothing "I've got some regular cigarettes."

"That's OK, I don't smoke."

"Then...what do you do?" he asked as he leaned against the door frame, one leg on the ground the other propped up on the van's floor boards. And a look of temptation on his face

Laura wasn't sure how to respond.

"Um...I don't...I don't really know." she said with a bashful smile. She knew he was smiling back at her. 

She also knew she was attracted to him, how different he was from anyone else she saw, what he seemed to represent.

It was only a matter of how to deal with the attraction she had to this stranger in town.

Just then, she saw the headlights of a patrol car as it pulled up to the cafe`. Out of it climbed Sheriff Taylor. He'd been Sheriff for as long as anyone could remember. According to him, he'd once survived a gunfight with Bonnie & Clyde and followed Steve McQueen across 2 counties until the legendary speed loving actor, the "king of cool" finally gave up, amazed that anyone would try to chase him on the wide open Texas roads for just a broken tail light. 

"Evenin' Miss Laura, how's business tonight?" he asked as he approached the pair.

"Same as always" she replied before quickly adding "Oh! This is John, his van broke down and he's gonna camp out here, just for the night."

"Is that a fact?" he said as he looked him over "Where you headed, son?"

"California, I need to fix a couple of things on the van, I'll be leaving in the morning, sir."

"Uh-huh...you do that." he said with just enough authority to be sure his message was heard clearly by the young traveler "Laura, how 'bout some coffee and a bit of pie?" he said to her while still sizing up the young traveler. 

"Yes sir!" she replied as the two went into the cafe`.

His coffee and pie fix satiated, Sheriff Taylor loosened his belt a little as he stood up.

"You be sure to let me know if there's any trouble...you know where the alarm button is, right?" he said as he looked back at John's van, its lights off and curtains drawn.

"I'll be fine, Sheriff, you know that." she said confidently

"Uh-huh...just remember what I said." 

As Sheriff Taylor's police car pulled away, she looked out the main window at the van parked under the lighted sign and hoped that John might feel the need to come in for one more cup of coffee. But it seemed like the road had caught up to him and she was pretty much alone for another hour or two. 

Like clockwork, the morning breakfast rush began. But to her dismay, Charlie the morning cook hadn't arrived, and she was forced into panic mode trying to get things done. She was quickly overwhelmed and worried.

"Where the fuck is Charlie?" she yelled as she tried to be short order cook and waitress at the same time. 

The cups of coffee were quickly piling up and the blue collar guys were getting impatient when to her surprise she heard a bell ding behind her.

"Scrambled eggs and bacon, ready to go!" she heard

It didn't sound like Charlie's voice.

Then another ding

"Pancakes and sausage, ready!"

She tried not to look curious as she made her way to the small window where orders were picked up. She grabbed both plates, then looked inside.

John was manning the stove and balancing multiple orders, looking like he'd been doing it for years, utensils skillfully flying in all the right directions. He even wore the greasy apron Charlie usually wore.

But he certainly looked a lot better in it than Charlie ever did.

"Hey, Laura!" a voice yelled "Where's my breakfast?"

"Right! Comin' up!" she yelled happily

The bell dinged every few minutes and John's voice could be heard calling out multiple orders that were ready. And Laura suddenly became Ms. Efficiency as she grabbed plate after plate and order after order.

Pretty soon, the breakfast crowd was on its way and a few generous tips had found their way into her pocket. It was at that moment that Charlie the cook stumbled inside.

"Am I early?" he asked through bleary eyes.

Laura looked at him with an exhausted smile

"No, not really." she said as she punched out.

As she passed the garage, she could see John's van up on the service bay's hydraulic lift. He saw her walk by then ran out after her.

"Hey! Pretty busy in there, huh?" he said as he caught up to her.

"Yes, it was...so where'd you learn to cook anyway?"

"Oh, here and there." he said as they walked together "I might be stuck here awhile, your mechanic has to go to some parts depot for what I need on the van."

"So...where will you stay?"

"Wherever the van's parked, I guess."

"And what about money?"

"That's what I wanted to ask you, um, do you need an extra cook? Just for the morning's and all? I figure it's only right since you let me park there and I'll need the cash for the road. I figure I should do something to repay you."

"Um, let me ask the owner." 

"Cool!" he said happily "I'll see you later."

Laura watched him closely as he ran back to the garage. She found herself staring as he removed his t-shirt and guzzled water from a hose before dumping some over his head and shaking his brown hair like a playful dog would.

She made her way back to the large house she shared with Auntie Rose, all the time thinking about John, how good he looked and the connection they seemed to make. There was no doubt in her mind what she wanted to do, it was just a question of how and when.

The Texas heat was already starting to rear its ugly head. But Auntie Rose wasn't home yet, good, she thought. She trotted up the stairs of the old house to her room and immediately stripped naked. She felt much cooler and freer with her clothes off. In the large antique mirror she caught a glimpse of her naked body. Her tits were large, alright, and she struck a model's pose, then a stripper's pose. It had been a long time since she'd looked at herself this way, but then John wasn't around last time was he?

She could be in Playboy with a body like hers, nice breasts, dark pussy hair and a cute ass. What would John think? She touched her tits a little, then teased the nipples. A nice tingly feeling went throughout her body. She smiled to herself now. Hand went between her legs and she felt her pussy, it was getting wetter with every touch of her finger. She lay back on her bed and continued to softly touch herself. 

How good it felt.

Just then she heard a knock on the door downstairs.

"Who could that be?" she wondered to herself

She quickly grabbed a robe and went downstairs.

Peering inside the screen door was John.

"Hey! What are you doing here?" she said with surprise "How did you know where I live?"

"Oh, a great bit of luck." he replied

"Come on in." she said, trying to keep the robe closed as she quickly looked outside.

"I hope I'm not interrupting something." he said as he noticed the robe

"Uh, no...I was just, uh, gonna take a bath and relax."

"Oh, I can leave if-"

"No!" she said excitedly, then in a calmer tone said "No, it can, um, wait. What was this bit of luck you got?"

"Oh, yeah...the guy that owns the cafe` came to the garage just after you left and he said I could take over as the morning cook until my van's fixed. He said some guy named Charlie needs to dry out or something."

"Cool!" she said, then realized what that meant "How long would that be?"

"Might be ready tomorrow, the mechanic is going to a parts depot in the next town."

Her heart sank, she realized it was now or never.

"Then...we don't have a lot of time do we?" she said looking up at him with a bashful smile.

"No...we don't." he replied with the same kind of look

Laura hesitantly let the robe fall open and onto the hardwood floor, she was naked in front of this man she'd only met the night before. He began to smile, as did she. He bent down slightly and kissed her lips, she did the same.

"That f-felt good." she said in a soft voice

John nodded

"Come on..." she said as she took his hand. 

Their slow walk turned into a run up the stairs.

Once in her room she quickly stripped him naked and loved it when she saw his dick was already erect.

"You're ready for action, I guess."

"So are you." he replied

"How can you tell?"

"Never seen a girl strip me so fast."

"I'm horny, that's why!" she laughed as she led him to her bed

Laura spread her legs wide and John knelt between them. She felt his tongue enter her wet pussy, it felt so good she gleefully let herself go and let out a series of gasps and moans the more he licked her to a stunning climax.

Thankfully, there was much more. John's dick entered her and she wrapped her legs around him and felt his ass as he fucked her.

The room echoed with the sounds of their passion. Laura had never felt so good and she let him know with her moans and gasps until she could no longer resist the temptation;

"John....oh god oh god....FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" she yelled as her fingers dug into his muscular back.

It did the trick!

John groaned loudly and his dick exploded into her pussy making him collapse onto her. They were both breathing heavily, but holding each other close.

"Damn...th-th-that was fuckin' wild!" He gasped

"I feel wonderful." Laura replied adding in a kiss

No one had made her feel this good.

They dozed for awhile until Laura heard the door open downstairs.

"Laura, honey? You home?" 

It was her Aunt Rose.

Laura tried not to disturb John as she quickly got out of bed and frantically looked for her robe, then remembered it was on the floor downstairs. She quickly found a t-shirt and some cutoff shorts and went back downstairs.

"Laura, what's this doing here?" Rose asked as she held the robe Laura had been wearing earlier

"Oh, uh, it must've fallen when I was bringing laundry upstairs." she quickly replied

Rose didn't seem to believe her, but shook her head as she walked away. Laura breathed a sigh of relief.

She quickly went back upstairs where John was starting to dress.

"Good, we need to get you out of here. I don't think my Aunt would understand if she saw you here." she said

"Uh, OK" he said "I can walk back to town."

"No, no...um, let me see if I can borrow her car. Wait here."

Laura crept back downstairs and spotted Rose's car keys on a table by the door. 

"I'm borrowing the car, Rose!" she yelled, then looked up at the top of the stairs where John stood waiting. She beckoned him with her hand and he dashed down the stairs and followed her out the door before Rose could reply.

She felt so naughty as they made their escape like outlaws, laughing amidst the dust kicked up as they headed down the main road in the old Cadillac convertible. 

"You do this a lot?" John said laughingly

"Sometimes..." she replied, adding a naughty smile for effect.

Laura pulled off onto a side road that led to a wide open field. The Caddy thundered to a stop and they looked at each other. They immediately embraced and kissed deeply. She straddled his lap and pulled her shirt off, making his eyes widen as she pulled him in close and overwhelmed him with her tits. His hands were all over them again and she could feel a tingling in her crotch and hardness under his jeans. She threw her head back and let the wonderful feeling come over her.

John was loving it too, he reached for the door handle and they tumbled out of the Caddy. Still laughing, Laura saw John reach for the zipper of his jeans, she had an excited look on his face as his pants dropped and his hard dick was before her.

Dutifully she was on her knees, taking all of his manhood into her mouth. This was so much different than the times with Junior, this time she was ready and willing. She loved hearing John's little groans and breaths as she sucked his dick, letting her tongue and lips go everywhere possible.

John pulled her to her feet and she promptly yanked off her pants as he kicked off his jeans. They embraced and his hands felt her ass. She loved the feel of his hands there, his hard dick poking at her pussy. Her moans and breaths were so erotic, so real. 
