 I was standing at the counter, idly flipping through a magazine. I heard your footsteps, but thought nothing of it. You wrapped your arms around my waist and pressed yourself against my back. I patted your hand but kept looking at my magazine.

"Are you horny right now?" You asked suddenly, as your hands started to rub my chest and nipples.

"Hmm, well I could be," I said teasingly.

You suddenly pinched my nipples hard, almost to the point of blinding pain.

"That's not what I asked you," you said, your voice very stern.

"Yes I am horny right now" I said without a lie, as my cock sprang to fully hard.

Your fingers loosened their grip on my fingers, and started to twist them. I could feel your nipples rubbing against my back, so I knew you were enjoying this too. You slid your hands down to my pants, and quickly undid them. They fell to about half way down my thigh, which was plenty for what you needed.

Without warning you grabbed my cock and began stroking me quickly.

"Such a dirty boy. Always walking around horny. You already want to cum, don't you, you dirty boy?" you whispered in my ear.

I nodded my head, practically dizzy from how quickly you were going. Suddenly your hands where gone from my cock and nipples. I was about to look behind me when I felt you smack my ass hard. I couldn't help but jump forward, but it didn't save me from getting spanked again.

"I asked you a question," you said in a very calm voice that sent shivers down my spine.

"Yes, I would like to cum already," I said in the meekest voice possible.

The only thing I got was another hard smack on the ass.

"Mistress," I said in a whisper.

"That's a good boy," you said as you stepped forward and started stroking my cock again.

You skillfully worked my cock all over, covering it in pre-cum. The only noise for a period was my heavy breathing, and the slick-slick of you working my lubed-up cock.

"God, you're such a fucking slut. You know that don't you?" you whispered in my ear.

"Yes Mistress, I know I'm a slut. I can't help myself," I replied through my heavy breathing.

"Then moan like a slut. You know you love having me treat you like this you dirty little slut," you ordered me.

Even if I had wanted to I couldn't had stopped myself from moaning right then. I had to grip the counter. The pleasure was making me weak in the knees. My orgasm was fast approaching, and you knew it. Your hand was a blur on my cock.

"Cum for your Mistress, you fucking slut. You dirty little whore; you know you want to cum for me." I could hear you say, even though I was beside myself with pleasure.

"Oh god, Mistress, I'm gonna cum!" I moaned.

Thick white cum spurt from my cock, covered your hand, and hit the wall. Your hand kept its quick pace on my cock, while you kept whispering in my ear. My whole body shook, and I think I might have fallen if not for the counter I was holding.

Finally your hand stopped stroking my super sensitive cock. I just had to stand there for a few moments, breathing deeply. While I was trying to compose myself you cleaned up the mess I had made, while humming to yourself. I pulled my pants back up.

You walked up and hugged me from behind again.

"You owe me for that." You said.

I turned and kissed you.

"Anything for you."