 This is my first story.

Like a lot of other people, I go to work every day and for the most part it is pretty routine. However, there are some times where it gets more interesting than other days.

I work for a company as a manager of a technical support department. I am in my early fifties and just an average guy really. One of the people working for me is a woman also in her fifties. We are both married and she is for the most part average as well. Not pretty, but not ugly either, she is about 5' 6" tall, slender build, smallish breasts but nice legs. With short brown hair and glasses, she has that female nerdish quality that can be quite a turn on, and she is one of the nicest people in the office. We have worked together for years and developed a pretty close friendship, exchanging small talk and sharing intimate details, not of our sex lives, but of things going on in our lives.

Anyway, one evening we were both working late. Everyone else had left for the day and I was in my office working when I heard a knock at the door. I looked up and saw Sharon standing there, her glasses pushed up and a shy smile on her face.

"Hey Bob, can I talk to you?"

"Sure, Sharon, come on in."

She closed the door to my office which usually means that there is something on her mind and she did not want us to be disturbed. Even though it was late, sometimes people may come by so this would give us a little privacy for our chat.

"Have a seat, Sharon. What's up?"

She sat down and leaned against the table across from my desk. She had on a tight black turtleneck shirt that hugged her small breasts, and tight pair of khakis. 

"I don't know I get so frustrated. I have been working on a few problems but things have been kind of rough lately and I needed to talk. You are always available and I appreciate that."

As she talked, I could see that there were tears welling up. I walked over and kneeled next to her and looked her in the eye. "What is wrong?"

"Well that one problem I was working on, the customer was really pissed off and he went off on me. I busted my butt for weeks to fix that and all he could do was tell me that I was incompetent for taking so long. I guess between that and things have not been so great at home, I just...." And she tailed off just looking at me. I pulled her close and hugged her, which we had done before, trying to comfort her. We held each other and she rested her head on my shoulder. 

We both pulled back and looked at each other, and for some reason, I leaned forward to kiss her. We kissed lightly on the lips and then without another word, we locked in a deep embrace. After a minute or two, we pulled apart and looked at each other.

"Sharon, I am so sorry. I don't know what got into me."

"Shh. It is ok; I have wanted you to do that for a long time, Bob."

We then hugged each other close again and then began to kiss. Slowly we caressed each other and I began to rub her breasts gently through her shirt. She moaned softly as she lifted her shirt exposing her breasts in her bra. I pulled her up and sat her on my desk as we continued to kiss sliding her bra up so I could expose her small firm breasts. The nipples were hard as I began to lick them, and she kissed my head and began to reach down to my crotch, feeling my hardening manhood.

We paused and gazed at each other lightly pecking each other on the lips smiling at each other, drinking in the feeling of first time intimacy, neither one of us wanting to speak but enjoying the moment. Slowly, I move in, kissing her softly and deeply, as I raised her arms above her head, removing her shirt and bra. As I did so, I cupped both of her breasts, her head going back, her eyes closed as she reviled in my touch. As she bent forward, she undid my belt, and unzipped my pants, exposing my hard cock outlined in my boxers, waiting and straining to be released. I stepped out of my pants, kicking off my shoes as she slowly unzipped her khakis and slid them off revealing nicely shaped toned legs.

"Wow, you have great legs, Sharon. I am so turned on right now. I have not felt like this in so long. I have to tell you I have imagined this before but never thought...."

"MMM you have me so wet, Bob, feel," she said, guiding my hands to the front of her pink bikini panties, now soaked with her juices.  Slowly sliding my fingers under the elastic, I feel for her clit, and she gasped as I stimulate it, her lips and tongue diving for mine. I reach for the panties and pull them off her and kneel down in front of the desk and begin to lick slowly, from the inside of her ankles slowly up her legs to her pussy and then up the other. I reach around and grab her firm ass as I bury my tongue in her pussy, taking one finger and working it in back and forth as my tongue moves from her pussy to her clit.

"OOH YES, Don't Stop!" she cries as I continue eat her. A soft moan and then she begins to breathe more heavily as the throws of an orgasm overcome her. I slowly stand up and place the head of my cock on her pussy rubbing it up and down her lips. She reaches down and slowly slides it in, kissing me as she does so. I stroke it in slowly moving back and forth, when she gently pushes me back.

"Oh Bob. I want you so badly but I feel a little guilty. I mean we are both married and I feel a little funny about that. I need to get my head around that but for now..." Feeling somewhat disappointed, I stood back until she grabbed me and sat me in my chair. Kneeling down in front of me, she takes my hard cock and starts to suck on it, flicking her tongue over the head and looking up at me. "But, after you pleasured me so well, I figure I at least owe you this." A shy grin covering her face.

I looked down as, with her glasses on, she started going up and down on me, kneading my balls as she sucked me all the way in to the hilt. I could not take my eyes off of her as she went up and down, faster and faster and I could feel the cum welling up in my balls. I could not take it anymore and I looked down as I grunted and the first hot shots of white cum shot in her mouth. With no hesitation, she swallowed all of my cum and then took my cock out her mouth and licked up every drop. Smiling, she climbed up in my lap and we kissed.

"Wow that was awesome. But where do we go from here?"

"Mmm ," she said. "Guess we will have to find out."