 I never know where to post these stories. Mine usually fit in three or four subject matters. I want to thank my editors, 'LadyCibelle' and 'Techsan' for their making my stories easier to read.

*

I was sitting at one of my old watering holes, drinking with a few friends talking about our lives. I was having ginger ale, while my buddies drank beer. I had a kidney removed last year and the doctor said it would probably be wise to cut back on the alcohol. We were all truckers who met up at the bar when we got back from some of our runs. We'd all been divorced at least once, a couple at least twice. We would just sit around and tell a few jokes and have our beverage of choice, mine being the damn ginger ale.

Joe told us he had a new doctors' joke. We had a habit of picking on the medical profession or lawyers. Joe began his joke:

A guy named, Sam, returns from the doctor and tells his wife that the doctor has told him that he has only 24 hours to live. Given the prognosis, Sam asks his wife for sex. Naturally, she agrees, so they make love. 

About 6 hours later, the husband goes to his wife and says, "Honey, you know I now have only 18 hours to live. Could we please do it one more time?" Of course, the wife agrees, and they do it again. 

Later, as the man gets into bed, he looks at his watch and realizes that he now has only 8 hours left. He touches his wife's shoulder and asks, "Honey, please... just one more time before I die." 

She says, "Of course, Dear," and they make love for the third time. After this session, the wife rolls over and falls to sleep. Sam, however, worried about his impending death, tosses and turns, until he's down to 4 more hours. He taps his wife, who rouses. "Honey, I have only 4 more hours. Do you think we could..."

At this point the wife sits up and says, "Listen, Sam, I have to get up in the morning... you don't."

"Not bad, Joe, not bad at all," I said as we all laughed.

"My turn," said Bill, as he began his joke:

A man went to the dental surgeon to have a tooth pulled. The dentist pulls out a freezing needle to give the man. "No way! No needles! I hate needles!" the patient said. The dentist starts to hook up the laughing gas and the man again objects. "I can't do the gas thing - the thought of having the gas mask on is suffocating to me!" The dentist then asks if the man has any objection to taking a pill. "No," the patient says, "I am fine with pills". The dentist then returns and says, "Here is a Viagra tablet." The patient says, "Wow - I didn't know Viagra worked as a pain pill!" "It doesn't," said the dentist, "but it will give you something to hold onto when I pull your tooth out..."

We were all laughing. It was my turn to tell a joke when Joe looked over at the door and said, "Holy shit! What a knockout just walked through the door. Damn, is she nice!"

I turned around to see what Joe was looking at. I said, "Oh, shit," as the beautiful woman walked over to our table. Her escort waited by the front door. I looked at her closely; she was a beauty.

------------------------------ 

I guess I should go back to the beginning and let you know what all has transpired over the last twenty plus years. Go back to my college days. I don't want to brag but I kind of have to so you get an idea of the situation at the time. I played sports and could have had a football scholarship, but instead I had a full ride academic one. I had brains, lot of brains, but lacked common sense. I worked out regularly so I did have a decent physique. I was considered a good catch since I entered college as a medical student. Life was going good and was right on track.

I was somewhat of a party animal. I never lacked for female companions. At one particular party I eyed a new girl. She was looking good in her mini skirt. I went up to her and asked her to dance. I pulled her in real close so I could feel her breasts against me. She was one hot little lady. I spend the next two hours with us drinking and dancing. She was pretty much up for grabs when I started kissing her. I would rub her back and slide my hands down to her ass. I guided her into another room and sat down in a straight-back chair. She watched me as I undid my belt buckle and unzipped by pants and pulled my hard cock out.

She knew what was about to happen when she moved forward. She didn't even remove her panties but pulled them to one side, baring her pussy. Just as she was lowering herself on my stiff pole, she asked me if I had a condom. I told her I would pull out if she wanted. It was too late to stop and put on a rubber. She felt great as she rode my cock. It was only a matter of a few minutes when I shot my load deep into her. She grabbed me around the neck and held on tight, climaxing at the same time as me.

When we were finished, she climbed off my lap, said, "I'll see you around," smiled and then left. It was a good fuck, nothing more, nothing less. I later learned her name was Marie. She was a sophomore at the university. I didn't see her around for a couple of months when one day she showed up outside one of my classrooms. "Rob, I'm pregnant," she said.

Now I didn't even know this girl. I never even dated her; we just had sex the one time at a party. I asked her what she wanted from me. She told me she could get an abortion for two thousand dollars. She didn't have any money at all. She wanted to know if I could pay for it.

I'm really not a bad sort. I'm not. I did ask her if she was sure it was mine and she said she was positive. If I wanted the baby she would carry it to term, get a DNA test done, then I could have a child.

I was scared shitless; I had no idea what to do. I didn't want to be a dad, or marry a woman I didn't even know. I told her I would get the money for the abortion but, after that, I didn't want to see her again.

She agreed and I went to look for ways to get the money. I couldn't ask my parents. They'd shit if I told them about this. I remember one way of getting money quick. I didn't want to do it, but I was out of options. There was a guy that kept asking if I could get him drugs. He had a cocaine habit, but had the money to pay. I approached him and told him I could get him what he needed. The only problem was he had to buy a large amount. I needed to make two grand on this deal. He balked a little but as I was walking away he agreed. We made a deal for the next evening. He showed me the cash and we headed to one of the big-time dealers. When we went to the door, the dealer wouldn't deal with my man. He told me he would only deal with me.

I explained this to my mark - that's what we call the guy I was buying for. I explained he had to give me the cash, I would go in and get his drugs, come back out and give him his drugs and we could all go our own way. He was a little reluctant at first but handed me the cash. Damn, such easy money, a hundred per cent profit. I got the drugs and came out and handed it to my mark. 

"Here's your drugs. Hope they're as good as you expected."

We shook hands and I went back to the dorm.

The next day I met Marie and handed her the two thousand dollars and we split. I went back to my dorm and was greeted by two narcotic agents along with my mark, the buyer. He was working with the Feds. I was cooked. I was left in a boat without a paddle. I was sunk. They had all the evidence they needed.

I was taken into custody and booked. I never even asked to post bond. What for? It would just delay the inevitable. I was found guilty and was sentenced to eighteen months for a first offense. The amount of drugs made my sentence longer. I lost it all. My family wanted no more to do with me. I lost my full ride scholarship, and of course, got kicked out of college since I couldn't attend since I was in lockup. As I said earlier, I was a brain with no common sense.

I did my time and was out in a little over a year for good behavior. I had nothing except the clothes on my back and a few hundred dollars I made in prison. I went looking for a job. I found some construction day work. It was hard work but at least I was working. I got a shitty little apartment with weekly rates. I didn't have a phone, but I had no one to call anyway. It did have a TV but the color sucked. At least I had something to watch.

I saw an advertisement for a truck driver's school. It was just down the road from my apartment. I went the next day and took their pre-test to see if I had any brains. I had that silly test done in minutes. Needless to say I passed and started taking the driving school course. It took me about a month before I was able to get my driver's license, and then later, my CDL license. I was ready to start driving the trucks.

I began getting all the short shit routes. It was alright with me, as long as I got paid. I got better and better and eventually I was doing pretty damn good! I was making a pretty good living and putting some money aside so I could get a car and a better place to live.

It took me a good six months to get comfortable with my life. I found a better apartment and got myself a used car. I was actually proud of myself. It had been nearly two years since I was arrested and was back out on my own. Even the parole officer was rather proud of me. I was just about done seeing him also. He told me to keep my nose clean and stay out of trouble. I had every intention of following his advice.

I was trying to get some of the over-the-road trips. I had nothing tying me down and I figured I might as well travel some. It was working out pretty good for me. I bought a used mobile home and put it in a mobile home park. Now when I wasn't on the road I had my own little place. There were a lot of fairly loose women in the park. If I was home, I wasn't without a female visitor. I used to think that men cheated on their spouses, but I don't know anymore. Over half the woman I had sex with were married. I do have to say the married women seemed to be a better fuck. I really don't know why but they seemed to put more into it.

It might have something to do with being bad, letting another man have them while their husbands were working. Hell, sometimes their husbands were home. I didn't think much about it. I wasn't the most moral guy out there. I never forced a woman to do anything she didn't want to do. I liked to fuck and if a woman, either single or married, came to me, I had sex with her.

One day I went to the store to pick up some beer and snacks when I saw a woman I knew. I froze for a moment. It was Marie and she was pushing a baby in a stroller. I walked up to her and it shocked the shit out of her.

"Hello, Marie, long time no see. I see you have a little one with you. Is she yours?" I could see it was a cute little girl about two years old.

"Rob, please don't do anything crazy," she said.

That was when I realized that she never had the abortion that I went to prison for. "Marie, did you have the abortion?"

"No, I couldn't. I felt her inside of me and didn't want to abort her. Don't worry; no one knows who the dad is. I didn't put any name down on her birth certificate. I told them her father had died. Please don't hurt us, no one will ever know. In fact I'm getting married and my fiancé promised to adopt Kaylee. I named her Kaylee. Please don't hurt us."

"Marie, I have no intention of hurting you. I will not interfere in anyway with your life or your baby's. In fact, I wish you the best in your upcoming marriage. What's your fiancé doing and what's his name?"

"His name is Al - Al Kindle. He has a good job as an accountant. He has a son who's five. He and his wife have been divorced for two years. He knows about you, but not who you are. I told him it was just a one time thing with a guy at a party. I even mentioned I had too much to drink."

"Marie, you're a very pretty woman and deserve a good life. I wish you and your family the best. I promise not to interfere in your's or Kaylee's life." With that said I walked away and got in my car. 

I was not going to try and hurt Marie for doing what she felt was right. She did tell me she used the money to buy some starter things for her baby. Children's services paid for the delivery.

I went back to my mobile home. One of the neighbor women came over and we got into the mood and started having sex. She was divorced and worked at one of the local grocery stores. She was nice enough and definitely a good lay. I asked her if she wanted to get married. She was so surprised and she agreed to get hitched. I had a truck going to Las Vegas the following week so she took a week off and went with me. 

I don't know why I did it. In the back of my mind it probably had something to do with Marie and Kaylee. Maybe I wanted to be a father. I don't know but Julie and I did head west and got hitched.

Overall, life wasn't so bad. I still drove a truck and Julie worked at the store. We had sex every time I was home. I was on the road usually five days and then had like three days off and then headed out again. Julie didn't seem to mind one way or the other. Needless to say, on one of the trips back through our area I decided to stop at our home and surprise Julie two days early. She was surprised, as was I. She was fucking her ex-husband on our couch. I walked over and grabbed the candy ass and picked him up, hit him once in the mid-section and literally threw him out the door. He was naked from the waist down. His once jaunting hard-on was now a soft hanging prick.

All this time Julie was crying and screaming how sorry she was and would never do it again. I gave her five minutes to get the fuck out of my home or I'd throw her out just like I did her boyfriend.

"Let me explain Rob; I made a mistake, I love you," she blubbered.

"Love, your fucking ass; you don't know what love is. Now, get the fuck out of my house. I'll be gone back on the road tomorrow. You can come back and get any of your personal belongings. If you take anything of mine, I'll fucking come after you."

She quickly put on her pants and grabbed her purse. I saw she also grabbed her boyfriend's pants before walking out. Guess his wallet was in it.

The marriage lasted almost two years. It was never much of a marriage anyway. I didn't know what I was thinking. Sometimes you just get lonely and do stupid things. I told myself I wouldn't make that mistake again.

Life was back to normal. I drove my truck over the road; I liked the long distance trips. Lots of things to see and lots of women from different states. One day when I got back I was reading the local paper and having a beer. It showed a picture of a line of little girls who were probably ages five to seven dancing on stage. It was nothing new to see pictures of local people in a small town paper. What caught my eye was that under the pictures was the name of the little girls. One was Kaylee Kindle. Holy shit, that was my little girl. I had no right to call her that, but it was her.

I checked to see when the recital was and read that it was that night. I decided to go; I don't know why, just some fatherly instinct or something. I got a ticket at the door. Five dollars to see a bunch of kids jump up and down. Was I out of my mind? The place was crowded so I sat toward the back. I looked around and spotted Marie with her husband. I wanted to make sure she didn't see me. After all, I wanted to keep my promise. 

In one of my trips out west I bought a great little digital camera. I decided to take a couple of photos of Kaylee if I could figure out which one was her. Luckily, before each group of girls did their group dance, the moderator announced the name of each girl and she stepped forward and back. Now I knew which one was Kaylee. She was in three different numbers and had on a different costume for each one. I must have snapped twenty pictures of her. I could always sort them out later and keep the ones I wanted. I was so proud of her. She did great doing her little dance steps. I had tears in my eyes as she danced. As soon as it was over I left quickly out the side entrance.After that day I decided to get the newspaper delivered. I let them mount up and then read through them when I was home. I followed the life of my little girl, always at a distance and never interfered. I decided to grow facial hair as kind of a disguise. I even wore a cowboy hat. I didn't even recognize me, but I looked kind of rugged.

This was my new life, the truck driver and the shadow at my daughter's events. Throughout the years I did my best to keep track of her; she belonged to everything. She danced as a little girl as I mentioned, she played soccer, basketball, girl's softball to name a few. I also attended many of her special events. One special event was when she won the eighth grade spelling bee and went on to win the state spelling competition for her grade level. Another was when she was nominated prom queen. The highlight was when she was named valedictorian of her class. 

I attended any function that I could without being noticed. One or twice I noticed Marie stare at me but because of the cowboy hat and facial hair, I don't think she recognized me. I just kind of stayed back in the shadows.

Around Kaylee's eighth birthday I decided to send her a birthday card with a gift certificate in it. I also started sending her one at Christmas. The first two cards I sent to Marie and explained that I signed the cards, "From your Uncle Rob." I told Marie that I would not bother Kaylee in any way. I told her I figured by her age now that she knew she was adopted and she could tell Kaylee that the gifts were from her uncle. I told her if she really had a problem with this to send the cards back to the post office from which they came. I always mailed them from other states while I traveled. It would be hard to trace anything I sent. I used mailboxes in seven different cities, across the states.

I did get one reply from Marie saying, "I gave your gifts to Kaylee and told them you were her dead father's brother. I mentioned you did travel a lot and could not be located. She is a wonderful girl and I beg you not to bother her beyond the cards.

Kaylee had graduated from high school with all the special honors. She was accepted at State with a full ride into the nursing program. I was so proud of her as I stayed in the shadows, snapping pictures. I couldn't be a prouder father even though that title was reserved to Al. 

I took a gig that would keep me on the road for a continuous two months. Kaylee was then in her senior year at State. She would soon be graduating from college with a registered nursing degree. There wasn't much to keep up to date on during her college years. I just wanted to be back to watch her get her degree. It was six months away. After that, I'd have to find another way to keep myself busy.

I always kept my mind active. I read a lot and do crossword puzzles. I sent Kaylee a crossword puzzle book with each card I sent throughout the years, for her birthday, Christmas, and a few special occasions. I always wrote and told her that the puzzles would help keep her mind sharp. I had all letters from other post offices forwarded to my local post office. I hoped no one could ever track me down from the different states. Some of Kaylee's letters brought tears to my eyes. She would write me and thank me whenever I sent her something.

An example was, "Dear Uncle Rob, It seems so weird getting cards and gifts from a man I've never met. Mom told me that this is the way you wanted it. I just hope that someday we will be able to meet and you can tell me a little about my biological father. He must have been a really smart and great man. I love my mother with all my heart. There is not a better woman on God's green earth, but I know my intelligence didn't come from mom's side of the family. Mom's a little ditzy, but I love her so much. She told me that dad was studying to be a doctor. I'm studying to be a nurse. I'm now engaged to be married next year if God's willing. My boyfriend is an intern in the local hospital. If you can, please try and attend our wedding. This is a personal invitation from me to you. Thank you again for all the wonderful gifts. Your loving niece, Kaylee. PS: I love the puzzle books. The answers come pretty naturally. Guess the smarts come from dad's side of the family."
