 Long time reader, first time writer here. This is my first story! Let me know what you guys think. I don't think I'll continue this story, but I have many other ideas for different stories. Thanks!

*****

I was lying down on my bed and staring at the posters on my wall. The room that I shared with Colin was spacious enough; our beds separated by an empty space in the middle of the room. All the rooms in the building were similar to our layout. 

Our room was a typical college kid's room, flooded with books, random papers, and various electronics. I then began to think about how tonight's events would unfold. My group of friends and I weren't planning anything big, just to drink and hang out. 

I was a few weeks into my second semester at this college; this being the third (and final) college I was attending. The first college I went to was only a two year school, and the next one I didn't like too much and I also changed my major. But this school felt right; I fit in with a lot of the people here. This was the second semester I was attending. I didn't realize this until after the fact, but this college also had a very high girl-to-guy ratio, almost 2 to 1. I was very thankful for this statistic, especially on walks to and from my classes. 

I honestly couldn't help but to stare at nearly every girl I walked by and fantasize about what it would be like fucking them. My mind was not judgemental; it was curious about all of the girls, even the not-so-attractive ones. Many times I would get caught eye-fucking them - I wondered that if when they caught my gaze would they have similar thoughts? Sometimes I would even catch some cute girls looking at me, especially at the gym. I couldn't really manage to stop these thoughts, I hadn't hooked up with a girl in a while and I was ready to sleep with just about any of them.

I hopped off my bed and glanced at my phone; it was 4 pm on a friday night. My friends and I would drink just about every friday and saturday night, and on some weekdays too. I walked to the other side of the room and took a look at myself in the mirror. I was wearing a Game of Thrones shirt and a pair of jeans; I had a few other Game of Thrones shirts as well as some Super Mario bros. and some DragonBall Z shirts. I had always been a bit nerdy, but now that I went to college I learned to embrace it rather than try to hide it. I didn't really care what people thought of me anymore, if they didn't like me because of my interests then fuck them. 

I took off my shirt and flexed in the mirror. Through working out I was starting to show a lot of definition. At this point, I'd been going to the gym for a couple years. In high school I was a bit chubby. As I went to the gym, I quickly packed on the muscle but the weight came off a little slower. I also didn't show as much muscle as I wanted; I was a lot stronger than most guys at the gym but for whatever reason their muscles were noticeably more defined than mine. But going to college helped me out, I started eating healthier and lost some extra weight, which was mostly fat. I started to notice girls looking at me for the first time, and this boosted my self confidence quite a bit.

I took my jeans and socks off and then I wrapped a towel around my waist. On my way out of the room I grabbed my shampoo, soap, and a washcloth. As I walked towards the showers, further down the hall I noticed a short, skinny, Indian girl with big tits that were basically pouring out of her shirt. Her tight red shirt did a great job of showing off her cleavage and matched the color of her lipstick, and she was also wearing loose sweatpants. An image quickly flashed through my head of my with lips wrapped around her dark nipples, and then of one of me pounding into her tight pussy while both my hands squeezed her perky brown tits and my fingers pinched her nipples. 

I was suddenly brought back to reality when we awkwardly made eye contact. I quickly smiled and looked away as we crossed paths. It looked like her eyes were red and I thought I heard her giggle. I smoked weed a lot, and at least if I ever found myself in conversation with her then I knew I had an icebreaker. I could feel myself starting to get hard, but luckily it wasn't a problem until I entered the bathroom.

As I walked into the bathroom I passed by a set of mirrors and couldn't help but to look at myself again, this time to make sure I didn't have anything weird on my face after just passing by that girl. My face looked alright after the inspection. My glasses looked clean and my hair looked good too. My hair was black and short on the sides and back, but longer on top, but was still short overall. 

My chest, shoulders, and arms had been looking good for a while now, but I noticed my abs were starting to show. This really boosted my confidence and I couldn't wait to get back in the gym to lose some more fat. I found myself hoping the the Indian girl was admiring me half as much as I wanted to fuck her. At this point I was comfortable around girls but I was still a little awkward so I had a tough time getting past simple conversation. I had always hoped that girls would make the first move on me. I had come a long way since high school though. 

There were two showers in the bathroom but I noticed none of them were occupied. I stepped into one, hung my towel, and took off my pair of boxer-briefs. I started the shower and enjoyed the hot water on my skin; I could stand there for hours if the temperature stayed like this.

Shampooing my hair didn't take long. I poured a little of the soap into the washcloth and started to clean my chest with my right hand. I let my left wander down to my cock and noticed that it was still a little hard. Over the years it took me a while to realize it but I knew that I was a little lucky in that department. 

I was about 7.5" and I was pretty thick too. I had only been with one girl before but my experience with her taught me that, with my size, it would be a good idea to take it slow with some girls. She was a cute, petite, short girl but she wasn't a virgin; when we first had sex I hurt her a little from going too deep. She didn't blame me because it was my first time but I tried to be more careful from then on. As time went on I tried to slowly fit more of myself into her but she didn't really like that. A few times I actually bottomed out and I could feel myself hitting her cervix. Needless to say she REALLY didn't like that.

I started to stroke myself while images quickly formed in my mind of me fucking that Indian girl. 

"OH FUCK," she screamed as I plunged further inside her. I was on top of her with her legs wrapped around my waist. I was going all the way in now as her arms were holding onto my neck for dear life. I could feel my balls slapping against her ass with each thrust I made. I went slow at first but now I was nearing the edge as I increased my pace, fucking her harder and deeper. 

"Oh my god, I can't believe what you're doing to me, please fuck me harder," she pleaded. Her body said the same thing as I felt her legs clinging tighter to me and one of her hands gripping my butt; pushing me further on into her each thrust. I pulled out of her which left her with a look of shock on her face. She opened her mouth to say something but decided better of it as I grabbed her legs by the ankles and put them on my shoulders, giving me a good opportunity to get even deeper. I started slow at first but quickly sped up the pace. It didn't take much time for my hands to find her tits as I started to use them for leverage. I was now pistoning in and out of her pussy, at the end of each thrust her eyes would roll into the back of her head. 

"Oh shit." I whispered. My left hand grabbed ahold of the railing in the shower but my right kept pumping. My body shook a little as I shot a big load of cum at the shower wall. That was definitely one of the more powerful orgasms I've had in recent memory. I didn't usually jerk off in the shower but my encounter with that girl left me with not much of a choice.

My shower was quickly interrupted as I felt ice cold water all over me. I turned off the shower as fast as I could and started to use my towel to dry myself off. The change in temperature wasn't unusual but it pissed me off just the same. 

After gathering my shower accessories I wrapped the towel around my waist again and headed towards my room. I saw my roommate on the way back to my room and judging from what he was carrying I could tell he was headed to the shower.

"Hey Shaun how was the shower?" Colin said.

"Hey dude, not too bad until the water turned to ice," I replied.

"Fuck not again. Thanks for the warning."

Colin was an OK roommate. He was a little shorter than me, had black hair, and wore glasses like me too. I enjoyed his company but he was usually consumed by his schoolwork. He would get his work done in the library so a lot of the time this left me with a free room.

I entered my room and finished drying off. As I put on my clothes and hung up my towel, I heard a knock at the door. I opened it and there stood Carl, he lived in the next room over and I met him in the beginning of the semester.

"So how was class?" Carl asked as he walked in. 

"Not too bad," I replied. "Same old stuff."

"You drinking tonight?"

"Yeah man of course. I drink every weekend."

"Alright let's go on a beer run then."

I then followed Carl to his car. Out of our group of friends, Carl and I were the only ones who could buy alcohol, so of course we always went on the beer runs. 

Before driving away, Carl started to complain about a girl that kept texting him and wouldn't leave him alone. 

"Leah won't stop bothering me. I think she wants to come over tonight."

I had only met Leah a few times and I didn't know much about her. Whenever I did see her she was glued to Carl but he usually just looked annoyed. He had been mentioning her a bit over the past week, always saying how he was trying to get rid of her. I knew that they hooked up a few times but it seemed that Carl was done with her and she wanted more. I guess I couldn't really blame him; she was just an average looking girl in a college campus loaded with hot girls.

"So what are you gonna say to her?" I asked.

"I'm not sure. I don't really want to hang out with her tonight she just annoys me."

"Well you can't just ignore her. She's gonna find out we're all hangin' out anyways and make her way to our dorm one way or another."

Carl gave in. "Yeah I guess you're right. I might as well just tell her to come over and get it over with."

--------------

As we got back to our dorm I inspected my bag to make sure I didn't forget anything. I saw a big bottle of cinnamon whisky - something I just started drinking and could go through really fast, and a tall can of beer. I always liked to mix it up when I drank, I hated drinking just one type of drink throughout the night. 

A few hours passed after we got back from the beer run. It was starting to get late so I gathered my drinks and I left my room to make my way to another friend's room where we all usually drank. On my way out I saw Carl and Leah walking towards Carl's room. Carl just nodded at me and rolled his eyes but Leah smiled at me and gave me a quick hello. 

Judging by her body language I could tell Leah was looking to get laid tonight. Too bad that Carl didn't want any of that. I had seen it before where she would keep grabbing ahold of his arm and trying to get his attention in other ways but I didn't think she'd have any luck with him tonight.

As for her clothing she was wearing jeans and a tight red blouse that emphasized her cleavage - damn her boobs looked nice tonight. She wore black glasses that looked pretty nice with her long straight black hair. Other than her chest there wasn't much that would cause her to stick out in a crowd; her face and ass were nothing to write home about and she had a few extra pounds, definitely not a chubby girl by any means though. Overall she was a dorky looking girl, just barely shorter than me, but there was just something about her that made me want to tear off her clothes right there, bend her over, and just pound away. 

After that brief encounter I found my way to my friend's room and knocked. John and Evan lived in this room. I knew them through my roommate and we all decided to get rooms in the same building. 

As the door opened the sound of loud music poured out into the hallway. John always liked to listen to music loudly and somehow Evan didn't seem to mind. 

"Hey buddy are you ready to turn up tonight? Gonna get shitfaced?" John asked. 

"Yeah dude you know I get drunk every weekend. Probably won't get shitfaced though." I said as I pulled out my alcohol and placed it on John's desk. 

"Oh shit looks you're ready to turn up right now," John said. 

Evan walked into the room and the three of us made small talk for a few minutes. 

"So it looks like Leah will be making her way over tonight," Evan said.

"Yeah I saw her with Carl on the way here. Carl didn't seem too excited with her being there," I responded.

"I almost feel bad for Carl," said John, "Leah always finds a way to get him to talk to her. He won't be hooking up with a girl anytime soon with her leeching onto him."

I stayed silent. I didn't want anyone to know about my attraction to her in case I was rejected. I decided I would try play it cool tonight; maybe stir up some light conversation with Leah and see where it goes. 

There was a knock at the door and Evan got up to see who it was. He opened the door and Carl walked in followed closely by Leah. My eyes were suddenly fixed to her chest as she and Carl made their awkward greetings to us. Carl was probably aware that we were talking about Leah before they entered, but Leah was oblivious to this fact. 

I studied her cleavage, which was being proudly displayed, as she and Carl sat down. I began to wonder what her tits looked like unclothed. They were about a C or D cup. If she took her bra off would they sag or would they stay where they are? Were her nipples big or small? Suddenly I noticed Leah was looking at me. Damnit - it was too early in the night to be caught staring, we weren't even drunk yet.

I tried to look away before making eye contact but was unsuccessful. My face was quickly turning red as I tried think of ways to get myself out of this situation. At the very least she didn't seem to mind too much; she had on the same smile she'd been wearing since she came into the room. 

"Alright kids, let's start this night off right," John said, in an attempt to break the awkwardness. He then picked up his bottle of liquor. 

We were all pouring ourselves a shot from our bottles when I noticed Leah didn't have anything to drink. 

"Hey Leah don't you have anything to drink?" I asked

"No I'm only 20 and it's so hard to find someone to buy me alcohol all the time," she responded.

"Well that's no reason not to get drunk," I said, as I grabbed anything another shot glass and poured whiskey into it. I was always pretty generous about giving away alcohol when people had nothing to drink, and Leah wouldn't be an exception tonight. 

"Oh thank you! What is this?" She asked.

"It's cinnamon whisky. It goes down hot but you don't notice the alcohol too much," I replied. 

"I hope it's good!"

We all clinked our shot glasses together and I downed my shot. It tasted exactly as I described it, a little hot but I didn't taste the alcohol too much. I looked at Leah as she finished her shot and noticed a sour look on her face. 

"Whew!" she said as she exhaled audibly. "I wasn't expecting that! It wasn't that bad though." She giggled awkwardly as she finished her sentence. 

"Well it will definitely get you drunk," I told her.

"I hope so, it's been awhile since I've had a good time," she said as she smiled at me again.

The five of us chatted as we sipped on our drinks. I was nursing a beer and Leah was doing the same. She managed to get some sympathy from Evan and he had given her a beer so she would have something to drink. I noticed Leah was still pursuing Carl but she wasn't as persistent as before. Carl was trying to distance himself from her by involving himself in other conversations so this must've discouraged her. The night went on and the drinks kept flowing as various visitors made their way in and out of Evan and John's room. Groups of people and conversations started to form around the room which became more of a background noise as Leah and I found ourselves talking in the corner. 

"So do you go to the gym?" She asked. 

"Yeah I actually go about 3 or 4 times a week," I responded.

"Oh wow I can tell! You look like you're in great shape," she said. Then she grabbed ahold of my right bicep and squeezed. "Your arms are so big and muscular!" she said and I noticed her bite her bottom lip for a split second.

"Yup, I do a lot of lifting with some cardio."

"I would go but I never have anyone to go with and I'm scared of the weights."

"You should come with me sometime I can show you how to lift weights and what exercises to do."

"Hmm I'm not sure," she said, "I don't want to get too muscular and have these look all weird!" Leah said as she grabbed both of her boobs and gave them a squeeze. 

This brought my eyes directly to her chest and I could feel my pants beginning to become tighter by the second. I tried to adjust myself but I wasn't sure if she noticed or not. I fumbled for words as I tried to respond; my eyes lazily leaving her chest to look at her her eyes. 

"Well actually...uhh...all girls can benefit from lifting. It wouldn't make your chest look weird at all and it would probably perk them up a little bit if anything...not that they need any help!" 

"Oh well I'll have to take your word for it I guess," she said as she placed one of her hands on my chest and faintly rubbed.

This wasn't helping my situation and my pants became even tighter.

"You feel really strong," she said as she took her hand off my chest and flipped her hair. "We'll have to go together sometime so you can show me how it's done."

I agreed with her and took a quick look around the room. It was getting louder as more people made their way into the room. No one was paying us any attention though; everyone was deep into their own conversations. 

Leah and I continued chatting and flirting with each other. The alcohol was definitely taking its toll on both of us. I made sure that we always had a drink in our hands as it seemed to boost my confidence level. I noticed Leah was becoming more touchy with me and her "drunk hands" kept finding their way to various parts of my body during our conversation. I decided I would take a chance and go for it; hopefully my room would be empty tonight. 

It was getting even louder in my friend's room and this seemed like the perfect opportunity to get Leah alone with me. "Hey it's getting louder and harder to hear you in here, did you want to go to my room to talk? It would be way quieter in there," I said to Leah. I was slurring my words a bit but I could still walk a straight line...probably. 

Her eyes lit up as she said "Sure let's go!" She then grabbed my hand and led me to the door.

We walked out of the room and I didn't bother to look back to see if anyone noticed us leaving. I wasn't sure how my friends would react to us leaving; I started to wonder if Carl would be jealous if he saw us walking out. It shouldn't matter to him much, it seemed like he was done with her. 

I shrugged off those thoughts as Leah and I made our way to my room. She tightly took ahold of my right arm as we walked down the hallway; I could feel her hands squeezing my bicep. I glanced at her and realized she was smiling at me and biting her lower lip again. We didn't say anything to each other on our way to my room and I could sense the sexual tension building between us.I really hope this girl is down to fuck, I can't wait to be balls deep in her.
