 I only half expected Mona to show the next day, but there was a light knocking on the sliding glass door that leads out to my patio. I got up; pulled the drapes aside and there she was at ten in the morning, holding my newspaper out to me as I opened the door.

"Hi Ned, betcha thought I wouldn't show up, huh?"

"Join me in having some coffee and toast?" I said, as we moved into the house.

"Maybe some coffee, if it's no trouble. I mean don't go making any on my account."

"It's made and it's no trouble at all. Have a seat, I'll be right back."

I returned with two steaming mugs of coffee, handed one to Mona who accepted it, but set it down on the coffee table in front of her.

"Here," she said, and handed me a roll of bills.

"What's this?"

"It's for the weed you gave me yesterday. I sold a lot of it last night." She grinned and added, "Don't worry; I only sold it to friends of mine."

"The narcs have a way of becoming friendly with people in order to find out how they get their stashes."

"But, Ned, I've known these guys forever!"

"I bet," I said sarcastically.

"Oh, c'mon," she turned around and pointed to the glass doors she'd come in through. "Look, no one's lurking out there, see?"

When I said nothing further, she sat down in an armchair in what passed for my living room. (Okay, I'm being snobbish while trying not to be a snob. My living room... hell, my entire house is professionally decorated. I'm not a fastidious housekeeper; I pay a woman to come in weekly to take care of that.) 

Mona leaned back into her chair and watched my eyes as they roamed over her body. I had to say something, having been caught with a hand in the cookie jar as it were; I coughed then said, "You've got really great legs."

"You think?" she said in a husky voice, and then parted them forcing my gaze to her crotch.

"You're also advanced in the art of seduction," I said hoping my voice wouldn't crack. It didn't, I have my advanced age to thank for that, for I was as nervous as a teenager at the prospect of banging this little darling's brains out.

She smiled seductively at me and took a sip of the coffee. "Mmm," she said appreciatively. "You make good coffee," she purred.

"After the coffee, we can take a dip in the pool out back."

"Mmm, but I'm already wet, Ned, here see for yourself." She reached between her legs and pulled her thong to one side. There it was... neatly trimmed for my viewing pleasure, with just a hint of moisture glistening on her poochy labia.

For all intents and purposes that ended any pretext of what we were about to do. Placing my coffee to the side, I moved to her, took her coffee away, placed it next to mine and then leaned in close and licked her thigh from calf to kneecap.

Mona caressed my face and tickled my ear with her pinky. "You're very oral this morning, Mister Ned."

"You're too delicious for words."

"Want me to suck your cock?" Mona asked as she deftly freed it from my shorts and flipped it with the back of her fingers. "I want to feel it get hard in my mouth."

Her tone was so casual; she sounded twenty years older than she was.

"Sure. Would you like to sit on my face while you do?"

"No, thanks, your tongue would be a distraction from what I want to do to you."

She sank slowly to the floor. I took her place in the chair.

"Maybe later?" I asked, sliding my shorts down to my ankles.

"Of course... and anything else you might want to try."

Was she offering her ass to me? I wondered, but she was already idly licking my balls and I lost track of things for a while. 

Her serpentine tongue flicked out and licked my stomach. I looked down and into her eyes. 

"Want me to finger your ass while I blow you?" she asked with a lewd smile.

"Mmmm," I replied already halfway to heaven.

"Ever had this before?" She asked her eyes sparkly.

"Yes and no."

"Don't clench up on me now. Let me get in first. You're going to love how this feels."

"How do you know?"

"Cause I was wishin' you'd do it do me when you ate me out yesterday."

"Oh."

Her index finger tickled my asshole. I chuckled and told her, "My dick's gonna get hard before you get your mouth on it."

"Shut up," she hissed then spat a mouthful of saliva onto my anus.

I dropped my head to the chair cushion and waited trying not to tense up at her next touch.

She gave my asshole a tentative lick and whispered, "You know, I never thought I'd give you the time of day when you walked in the place yesterday. Now look at me. We've fucked ourselves silly, smoked the biggest joint ever, and you trusted me enough to give a bag of shit to sell off and make a month's rent." 

She licked my balls and poked her finger into my hole. "Mmm, I hadn't thought about how big your balls are."

"They seem to get bigger with age," I said.

"Oh?" she replied and took me into her mouth. Her finger began inching into my ass. There was a steady, not unpleasant pressure back there that I hardly noticed, for her mouth was already doing some marvelous things.

She tilted her head enough to look at me, eye to eye. She gave me a bright toothy smile, her lips swollen with lust and grabbed my tingling dick in her fist and squeezed. My swollen dickhead turned purple.

"Ooh," I chirped.

"Feel good?" she laughed.

"You know it does." I gave her an appreciative moan.

"Roll over."

"Woof woof," I said, enjoying the fact that this youngster was telling me what to do almost like a Dominatrix running a BDSM scene. And, grinning like an oaf I rolled to my side. Her finger slid out of my ass so I rolled again and lifted a leg over her head. 

Mona knelt as if in devout prayer between my legs. I chuckled at that thought. I felt her warm fingers cup and lift my balls and then probe into my asshole. She curled her rude finger up, pressuring my prostate.

"Like that, Ned?"

"Mmmm, mind telling me where you learned this?"

"First comes the blowjob, baby."

Mona nibbled on my cockhead giving me a nice tingle. She locked her lips together and put her free hand on my hip as she applied suction, drawing my semi-soft cock into her mouth like she was sucking up a strand of spaghetti. I couldn't help giving her my best groan and shiver when I felt my dick head against the back of her palette. Her tongue was a major pleasure as she tickled and teased me with a rigid tongue tip, while the finger in my ass was busy tickling my prostate.

"Mona, look at me."

"Humph?"

She tilted her head back and arched her eyebrows to look me in the eye.

"You're a guy's fantasy come true."

"Humph?" She refused to take my dick out of her mouth.

"I mean, here you are kneeling before me, my dick in your mouth and your finger up my ass." 

"Mmmm," she murmured while nodding her head.

Mona began to suck harder. I was as stiff as I ever get, and she was stroking, licking, sucking and kissing, singing to it like it was her new puppy. It was as if she were getting more out of the blowjob than I was... strange feelings ran through me at the thought.

She whipped me out of her mouth and said, "You can cum in my mouth, you want," and rammed me back into the warmth of her swirling tongue a second later.

"I'm not close yet," I told her with a benevolent smile.

She eased the finger out of my ass with a soft pop; took me from her mouth and looked up at me. "Wanna finish it off with a fuck then?"

"Let me put it in, Mona."

She positioned herself accordingly and with her quiet assent, I aimed my rigid cock into her pink warmth and slid in.

She gave me a small tight smile as she savored the feel of me penetrating her.

We began a rhythmic fuck and after a particularly deep thrust, she gasped, "I could get used to this, baby. You fill me quite nicely."

"I wish I could keep up with you," I replied.

"I wish you could too; although you're not half bad."

"You're really wet," I grunt between thrusts.

"I had a nice big hit before I started out this morning. I felt so good I had to play with myself."

She stopped talking having run out of breath, and moments later resumed where she'd left off. 

"I was even doing it driving over to your place." She giggled, whether from my artful fucking or the thought of what she was telling me, I never found out.

"I finished myself off in your driveway, and I'm still one horny bitch."

She wasn't the only horny one in the room. "Wrap your legs around my waist, Mona."

After she complied, I sank my pole back into her sopping cunt and grabbed a cheek of her delightful ass in each hand and started to hammer away at her.

"Oh, Jesus!" she gasped.

"You're so fuckin' tight, Mona!" I managed before stopping for fear of completely losing my breath.

"God, I love it when you go fast!" she groaned happily.

A moment later having grown tired of slamming it into her, I pulled out.

"No! No! Not yet!" she screamed. 

But I was already hefting her up and repositioning her so that her face was pointed at the back of the chair.

"Lift your ass," I say with conviction.

"You're going anal... so soon?"

Well that was a bit of voluntary information to process. That wasn't my intention, but I gave it due consideration before going with my original idea which was to fuck her doggy-style. But to startle Mona as she had me, I dropped to my knees and spread her ass cheeks. Her shitter puckered at me like a starfish caught out of the water. Before I let myself think about what I was doing, I sent my tongue darting into her rectum.

She screamed in surprise, and then bellowed, "Oh, motherfucker! Do that again!" 

The rest of what she said was incoherent. I did it several more times, and when she grew accustomed to this favored treatment, I jammed my dick into her pussy and rocked her to a quick orgasm by fucking her from behind.

Suddenly there was a funky, sensual smell in the air, and I realized it was coming from Mona's cunt. That seemed to do it for me and unable to hold back any longer, I give it my best effort, slamming into her while I came ... spurt after glorious spurt jetted into her deepest crevices.

I kept fucking until I slipped out of her sodden cunt. Then we were kissing one another, complementing each other every time we came up for air.

"I... I... I can't tell you how many times you made me cum," she gasped, and then dived back down between my legs to recapture my little man in her mouth, trying to bring him back to life.

"So you want to go around again, Mona?"

I was teasing, but hopeful of how she'd respond.

"Yeah, sure, can you get it up again?"

"Sure, but let's have a smoke first, okay?"

"Sure! Boy you're really something special, Ned."

________________________________________

After finishing off my bomb Mona stood slumped, leaning against my kitchen counter, looking at my face, but avoiding my eyes, her eyes were guarded; her full pouty lips hovering on the edge of a frown. 

I was slouched on the chair we'd used to fuck ourselves silly. I was sticky with sweat from the exertion, while Mona looked as fresh as a daisy, but I'm sure she wasn't.

I scanned her body. She was only about a hundred and ten pounds or less, but there was a lot of strength in her petite frame. As I've mentioned earlier (Chapter 1) she had a nice pair of tits, smallish and pear-shaped, with an enticing slope to them. In my opinion, in her later years any dropping would hardly be noticeable.

Suddenly she lurched upright, and left the kitchen. I pulled myself to my feet, and dragged my tired ass after her. I found her in the bathroom off the master bedroom, taking a leak that sounded like a cow pissing on a flat rock.

I eyed her glistening sex for a long moment before raising my eyes to hers. She was looking into my face calmly, but with slightly narrowed eyes, as if weighing pros and cons.

"I never asked... is there a Mrs. Ned?" There was a catch in her voice. Her eyes danced away for a moment.

"Ah, no... there is no Mrs. I'm divorced almost five years now. I'm also 51 years old, if that matters any."

"Do you go around hitting on penniless waitresses?"

I barked a laugh. She had me pegged. "I guess I hit on any female that strikes my fancy."

"You score often?"

"I don't keep score of those things, but if pressed I'd have to say I'm batting .300."

"Three out of ten... that's not bad, especially for your age... unless...."

"Unless what?"

"You mostly hit on women your own age. "her eyes were laughing at me by this point.

I decided to change the subject. "Show me that pussy again, Mona."

She leaned back on the toilet seat and reached between her legs and used her thumbs to spread her lips for my viewing pleasure.

"Feel like a pussy doctor now?" she laughed as I feasted on the brown curls that surrounded the pink entrance to man's heaven on earth.

A faint smile crossed her face as she took note of my hardening dick.

"Ned?"

"Yes?"

"Since we're all sweaty and such, why don't you run a bath for us?"

"What a wonderful idea, Mona. Why don't I do that?"

I turned on the water, waited until the temperature was just right. Mona wiped a few drops of urine from her pussy then flushed the toilet. 

"Watch the water level, sweets," I said,"I'm getting us another bomb."

"No, no, just bring my purse and some grass. I brought my pipe. It'll work better in the tub."

The water level was perfect by the time Mona returned with the weed and bong. 

"You first, my dear," I chuckled and patted her on the ass as she stepped gingerly into the warm water.

"Make it a little warmer, Ned... please," she whispered.

I made a slight adjustment and climbed into the tub.

The water was up to our navels as I sat facing her. I took her left hand and pulled her toward me, and then leaned forward to take her nipple into my mouth.

Mona moaned when I let it pop from between my lips to chase after the other one as she started stroking my dick.

"Can you reach the bong?" she asked tentatively.

"I can... but I want to taste you first. Can you lean back? I mean, I don't want your head underwater, you know, but if you could say put your legs on my shoulders and hold yourself up... maybe with your arms on the side of the tub?"

She did just that and I was facing her lovely nineteen year old pussy.

"Hello there," I said, addressing her pussy.

Mona giggled. "It says hello yourself, stranger."

"Hell we're not exactly strangers, Mona. We're more like buddies."

Mona laughed out loud at that, and I joined her for a second or two before covering her cunt with my mouth and sucking for all I was worth.

"Oh Oh Oh! That's... it! Oh that's it!" she groaned happily.

I started licking her from clit to asshole while she shrieked, "More, More, More," delightedly.

Then after shoving two fingers into her snatch I concentrated on sucking hard on her clit until I felt her cum. Then I stopped.

"No! No! Go on, Ned, Please don't stop! I'm so close, Ned. Don't stop!"

But I had a plan, and gently removed her legs from around my shoulders. 

"For Christ's sake, Ned, what are you doing?"

"Turn over on your stomach, Mona."

Seeing that she had little choice in the matter, and wanting that elusive climax, she did as instructed. 

I slipped the palm of my right hand under her pubic bone and cupped her Mons. I slid my thumb into her cunt and began to thumb fuck her, squeezing her mound with my palm. I couldn't resist her ass which was raised up out of the water and started licking her ass crack.

She's back into it now, urging me on. "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh shit that's so fuckin' dirty! You're the man, Ned! Oh yeah, you're the man!"

I threw caution to the wind and found her asshole with my tongue and pushed the tip into her while continuing to work my thumb feverishly around her snatch.

"Huh... huh... huh!" Mona snorted, growing short of breath. And then after a long gasp... "OH... NED... I'M CUMMING!"

I started pumping with everything I had into her. Mona's hips jerked spasmodically. I quit reaming her asshole, but continued moving my thumb in and out of her cunt and trying to rub my palm and fingers over her pubic bone. 

Mona keened softly: "Ahaaa... Ahaaa...Ooooh!" 

Her jerking slowed and segued into a sort of grinding motion that trapped my hand between her mound and the floor of the tub. I eased my thumb from her cunt and she stopped grinding. Actually she stopped moving entirely.

"You okay, Mona?"

"Mmmm, I guess...."

I got out of the tub and filled the bong, lit it and took a hit.

"Sit up, Mona."

She slowly worked herself into a sitting position and I handed her the bong.

Reaching for it she said, "Jesus, Ned, I came so fuckin' hard that last time... I mean, I really, really came. You know?"

"Well there is a kind of glow about you at the moment, and I don't think one hit on the bong produced it."

Mona laughed while holding the smoke in, so it was a soundless laugh, but a laugh all the same.

"Say, Mona... mind telling me what you meant by that: 'I'm really, really coming, remark.'"

"Um..." and she paused to give my question some thought. "I guess I meant it. I mean like, I've cum before, you know? But never like that. It was like... two or three times as good as any of the other times. And... and you weren't even fucking me."

"So would you say that age has its advantages?"

She started laughing. "Hey, motherfucker, you want a letter of recommendation?"

Going along with her, I said, "Oh, great. I could have it framed and hang it over the mantle."

"Put it just inside the front door. Give the girls a chance to back out before you lay your charms on them."

"Speaking of laying my charms on a female..." That got Mona's attention and I pointed to my rock solid dick bobbing in front of me.

"Oh, baby! I'm tingling all over again!"

"Are you up for a nice slow fuck?"

"Does the Pope like little boys?"

"Don't put it that way. He's to blame for all those pederasts', but he's not personally to blame."

"The hell you say," Mona spat back, "He's in charge! He's done nothing! No, wait, I stand corrected. He's known about it and done nothing. Look at Penn State. They ignored it when they knew damn well what was going on. So to my way of thinking that makes him part of it. Calling him a pederast seems okay to me."

Having been abused by a priest when I was six years old, I let her remarks go without any further objections. For all I knew she might be right. At any rate, he did know about it and had done a lot to cover the scandal up, using the Vatican's influence.

"Let's add some more warm water," I suggested changing the subject.

I climbed back into the tub as the warm water ran, found a comfortable position for what I wanted to try and urged Mona to place her legs outside mine. I played with her tits for a minute then placed my dick at her entrance and jockeyed my hips toward hers and worked my dick into her hot little furnace.

"Just rock back and forth, see what happens," I said softly.

She returned my smile and reached out to tweak my left nipple. I returned the favor as our mellow fuck moved along with neither of us anywhere close to coming.

Eventually, Mona appeared to grow impatient with me and raised herself up using her hands to provide the necessary leverage. She hovered over my pulsing cock for a long moment, sighed and lowered her cunt lips over my cockhead.

"Mmmm," I groaned.

"Yeah... feels good," she whispered agreeably and kissed me. The kiss went on and on. Her breasts were soon mashed against my chest as she rocked back and forth, essentially doing all the work.

I didn't mind at all.

"Getting closer..." she said as her breathing quickened. Then pulling herself a little higher, she managed to impale herself completely on my throbbing cock, and with some water splashing over the sides of the tub began moving faster... up and down... up and down....
