 Martin rang the doorbell, then bounced up and down on his heels, expending a little nervous pre-show energy. "Hey man," said a photographer's assistant he recognized, a shaggy dude named Denny or Danny or something, as he opened the door. "Come on in. Nice place, huh?"

It was nice, but they didn't make ugly houses in Malibu, just like they didn't make ugly people. It was one of the wonders of the business, he thought, that perfectly respectable citizens were happy to turn a house like this over to a porn crew for a day for an amount of money that they surely couldn't need. For the illicit thrill of watching strangers screw in it. Those looked like the owners sitting on the patio by the pool over there, keeping an eye on things-- had to be, unless Carl was planning on shooting something for HornyWealthyRetiredWASPs.com later in the day.

"Hey, Martin," Carl said as he looked up from the camera in his lap. He pointed vaguely toward the living room. "Make yourself at home. I'm just playing with a new lens I bought. We'll get going in a minute."

"No problem," Martin said, and went to get himself an Evian from a cooler behind Carl.

At the far end of the couch sat a chubby young lady with straight black hair, talking on a cell phone. It looked like she was wearing something hot pink and slinky underneath, but the bathrobe over it made it hard to tell. "It's a BBW shoot today, I take it?" Martin said.

"Yeah," Carl said without looking up from his video camera. "You're okay with that?"

"It's great," Martin said. And if it wasn't, I wouldn't say so right in front of the fat girl, he thought. He understood how people in the business got that callous sometimes, but he tried to treat people decently, considering the nature of what he was doing to them on camera. Hmm, interesting. He'd never done a BBW shoot before. For all the women he'd fucked on camera or off, he'd never really done anybody who wasn't pretty thin, although the occasional black or Latino girl had had back, as they say. Oh well, he was sure he could rise to the occasion.

"Pretty much your basic three-part download," Denny or Danny started explaining out of nowhere. "We got some stuff at a shopping mall about picking her up, now she's going to meet you, some sucking, some tit-fucking, fuck her from behind--"

"Anal or vaginal?"

"Vaginal," the woman interjected firmly, then continued her conversation on her phone.

"The lady says vaginal only, so I guess it's vaginal only," Denny or Danny said. "Pussy one way, pussy another way, money shot on the face and we're done."

"Only one today?"

"Julio came by with some stoner chick and did her in the morning. So yeah, just one, you should still have enough ammo in your holster to par-tay to-ni-i-ight," Denny or Danny said, practically doing a white-guy rap as he exited the room.

"Busy day," Martin said, to no one particular, and sat down on the couch.

A moment later the girl's conversation came to an end and she put the phone back in a big floppy bag. "I'm Brenda," she said, extending her hand to Martin.

"Martin," he said. And I'll be your erect, throbbing cock this afternoon. "Is this your first time doing one of these?"

"I've done some still shoots for Carl and some other guys," she said. "First movie," she added, making air quotes around "movie" for any of several possible reasons. "You?"

"I've worked with these guys a lot," he said.

"Martin helped us launch HottiesBegging4Anal.com last year," Denny or Danny added, not really helpfully from a breaking-the-ice-with-a-girl perspective. "We did 14 movies in six days with him."

"Is that your thing, anal?" she asked, and he sensed a hint of disdain in the way she said it.

"Not particularly," he said. "I mean, it's fine, but after 14 times in six days, I'd kinda had enough assholes for a year, if you know what I mean."

"I have some idea," she said. "Hey, Donnie, I wanted to ask you about that URL. Don't you think HornyChubbyBitches.com is kind of demeaning to women?"

Oh God, here it comes, thought Martin. Nothing more deadly than a porn actress with an undergrad grounding in the principles of feminism. Might as well break out the Viagra now. "You have something in mind, Brenda?"

"I was thinking something a little more empowering and nurturing toward women, that reflects the spirituality of women's sexuality in a holistic and sex-positive way," she said. "Something more like, CockSlurpingFatWhores.com."

She said it with such a straight face that it took Martin a moment. Then he laughed out loud, and she gave him a look that said, About time already. "Jesus, I thought I was talking to a statue for a second there," she said.

"Sorry, that just wasn't what I was expecting to come out of your mouth," he said.

"And I'll let that setup line pass, tempting as it is," she said as she stood up and opened her bathrobe, revealing an absurdly skimpy and revealing outfit which would have gotten her arrested if she'd really worn it around town.

The top was a screaming pink satin blouse, tight enough to trace every outline of her large, watermelon-like breasts, her round belly, and the rolls on either side that began to cascade over her hips. Below that was a pair of stretch shorts, which defined her ass and mound almost as closely as if they'd been painted on, and which rode so high that her thighs ballooned out visibly from the very edge of her pussy. A Hollywood Boulevard prostitute would be ashamed to wear an outfit like this-- but as usual for one of the company's websites, the movie would depict Brenda as having been walking down the street in it, the most natural thing in the world, when Carl's camera crew found her and quickly persuaded her to come back and fuck a stranger on camera.

"You like it? It was my mom's," she said.

"Okay boys and girls," Carl said. "You know the parts we're playing, so just improvise in character, try to keep visuals clear so the camera can see what fun you're having, and basically have the best sex of your lives, whether you're enjoying it or not. We'll start by interviewing Brenda, and then we'll introduce Martin."

Carl put Brenda on the couch and gave her a lollipop to lick suggestively. He started rolling, and then motioned to Brenda. "Okay, we're back at my place, tell me your name," Carl said.

Brenda licked around the lollipop. "I'm Jasmine," she said, in a breathy little-girl voice.

"Welcome to my pad, Jasmine," Carl said. "Are you ready to party?"

"I love to party," Brenda said. "Only, I feel like there's something I better warn you about."

"What's that, Jasmine?"

"Well," she said, rubbing the lollipop down between her huge breasts, "I like to party dirty. Really dirty."

"Okaaaa-ay, I think we can handle that. Jasmine, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine," Carl said, and he waved Martin toward the couch. "This is my buddy Jett."

"Hey, Jasmine, how's it goin'," Martin said as he sat next to her and began to stroke her hair.

"Hello, Jett," Brenda said. "I hope you brought your big dick with you today."

"Oh yeah, you're going to like Jett and his big dick," Carl said. "Why don't you two get to know each other a little better. Jasmine, maybe you'd like to do a little dance for Jett, show off your big beautiful body."

"That's an excellent idea, Mister Voice Behind The Camera Guy," Brenda said, and she stood up and started to do a little shimmy, more for the camera than for Martin, though he pretended it was all for him and he was absolutely delighted by it.

So what was it like, watching a girl as large as Brenda dance seductively? Her outfit was grotesque, too tight and loud, but there was something graceful about the way her big body moved, her round ass shook back and forth, her mammoth breasts rose and fell. Now she reached down and began to pull the ghastly pink top off, revealing her ample belly and then her vast, drooping tits. Some guys, he thought, would like this much tit to play with, but it seemed overkill to him. "Wow, you are amazing, girl, those are sooo hot," he said, wincing at both how lame and how insincere his improvisation was.

"They're all yours, Jett," she said, and now she straddled him and put them in his face as Carl moved around with the camera. He reached up and took hold of the enormous things and began to squeeze them. Okay, tits are tits, these weren't bad, really, but they still seemed very different from his ideal. He took the nipple in his mouth anyway, and she moaned as if he'd hit five G-spots with four different cocks.

Her hand went down to his pants and massaged his cock. "Oh God, you're sooo hard!" she cooed, while giving him a look that said, you better get some steel in it quick, loser boy. She moved down his chest and put her face to his pants and began to unzip him, and by force of will he managed to quickly get hard enough to tent his pants for the camera. She started to reach inside his pants but he reached down and slid them to his ankles to avoid the zipper; as it sprang out, she took his cock by the root and held it up as if it were rock-solid. At least by now he was getting up to the nine and 3/4 inches that had made him one of Carl's favorite male stars.

Now her mouth was on him, and nothing wrong with that, hot and wet. She sucked vigorously and well, and did so while unobtrusively keeping her own hair out of her face so that Carl could get the closeup. Then she moved down and started licking his balls, sucking them into her mouth while his hard cock bounced against her forehead. That was pretty nice, you had to give her points for enthusiasm. "You go, girl," Carl said. "Are you digging this hot fat bitch, Jett?"

"Dude, she's the best cocksucker I've ever had," Martin said, a line he'd used half a dozen times in Carl's videos.

"I lettered in it in junior high," Brenda said, then went back to licking her way up and down his nutsack and then back to his cock, slobbering all over till it was dripping with her saliva.

"I guess it's true what they say about fat girls, they love to have something in their mouths," Carl said.

"You know, I never thought about that," Brenda said, as if it were a genius insight, or more likely the stupidest thing she'd ever heard. Then she quickly added, "It's not the only place, either," and moved up and swallowed up Martin's cock between her huge breasts. This was something new for Martin-- tit-fucking with someone who really had enough tit to make it work. The sheer weight and mass of Brenda's breasts as they worked up and down his cock, spreading out all over his thighs with each downstroke, was something new for him, very different and much more satisfying than the attempts of skinny girls to squeeze him between small breasts which didn't really meet in the middle.

Carl got some closeups and then motioned to Brenda. "Oh my God, I'm so horny, I need a cock in me now!" she moaned in her fake little-girl voice. She pulled down her shorts and climbed onto the couch, ass in the air.

It was the first time Martin had been confronted with an ass this huge. And if he was going to get into it, her pussy needed to be wet. So, moaning with delight, he spread her massive cheeks and licked up and down her pussy, his nose nuzzling her asshole. As it did she began to buck against him, and he had to admit there was something erotic about an ass that big taking on a life of its own against his face there. There was real force behind her massive cheeks, her thick thighs, that wasn't there when you played with a skinny girl. Carl got a closeup of him licking her pussy and then up to her asshole, which puckered with delight at his tongue, while Donnie opened one of the condoms silently and handed it to Martin to slip on, out of camera sight.

Protection in place, he climbed up and, waiting for Carl to get into position, slid his cock into Brenda's slit. She started moaning with hungry desperation, like she'd been on a cock-starvation diet for weeks, as he pounded away at her big ass which rippled and bucked with every thrust. They went at it for a couple of minutes and he began to dig on the feel of her big round ass, grabbing her haunches, watching her big booty shake and ripple with each slam from his cock. "Oh, God yes, fuck me fuck me Mar-- Jett!" she cried, and he made faces at the camera like he'd been waiting for this all his life. He hadn't, but he had to admit that a big girl like Brenda was a lot more of a turn-on than he'd ever thought would be.

Suddenly she was pulling off of him and he looked over to see Carl frantically giving direction. He'd been so caught up in the sex he'd totally missed his cue, wow, that hadn't happened in a long time. She flipped onto her back and stuck her legs in the air-- little chubby red-painted toes right in his face as he took hold of her calves and pushed inside her again, taking care to leave Carl a clear line of sight as his cock slid in and out of her.

He looked down at her as he fucked her and she gave him a little wink as if to say, howdy stranger, don't mind me. He ran his hands up and down her legs, the thick calves and the big sturdy thighs, and watched her as her floppy tits bounced up and down with each thrust, her broad belly jiggled. It was actually pretty fun, banging away at this much bulk, getting this much resistance back with each push, and he also realized he liked the attitude in her face-- cheerfully bemused about the ridiculous thing they were doing for the whole world to see. So many of the girls were just zombies, fuck machines, it had been a long time since he'd shot something with somebody who had the lights on at home.

"Uh, I'm getting close," he murmured, and she took the cue. "Oh God, yes, fuck me, fuck me hard, rend me with your sword my stallion," and he saw Donnie lose it over in the corner, while Carl went in for a closeup so he'd be able to overdub the shot with normal panting and grunting.

Martin gave her a look the said, Now or never, so she pulled her body out from under him and knelt on the floor. "Cum on my face, oh God, I need your cum all over my face, I can't get enough of that!" He jerked his cock rapidly and within a moment he was spraying strands of thick cum on her face and tongue. She cooed approval and turned her globbed-up face to the camera.

"Did you have a good party today, Jasmine?"

"I had a dirty party, that's the best kind," she said, sticking her tongue out to show the load she'd caught.

"All right, catch you later, you big sexy girl," Carl said, and he lowered the camera as Donnie handed Brenda a towel.

"We'll let you know when it goes live," Donnie said.

"Great, I'll tell my grandmother," Brenda said. "That woman could watch cumshots all day long. I've always been afraid to try her homemade oatmeal cookies for that reason."

She gathered up her big floppy bag and slipped her sunglasses on. Back in normal clothes, not Carl's idea of slutwear, she looked quite stylish, actually-- large but well-proportioned, words like "ample" and "hearty" came to mind.

* * *

"Do you need a ride?" Martin asked as they walked down the front steps to the driveway.

"Oh, no, I'm just going to call a friend of mine who lives in the Palisades," she said.

"You sure? I'm going that way."

"I don't really..."

"You know, I really had a good time..." Martin could see, the moment he said this, that it wasn't going over at all. He pressed on anyway. "I thought maybe if you'd like to grab a bite--"

"Right, because all you need to do is feed the fat girl and she'll fuck anything."

"That's not what I meant at all," he said, and she saw that he was hurt, and let him continue. "I know I'm not saying this very well, but I really enjoyed meeting you, apart from the, you know. You're really funny, and I find you sexy and smart, and I just thought, even though we started off in this weird way, maybe we could just-- talk and eat and get to know each other like we'd met some other way."

"You don't seem like the type who'd go for fat girls," she said. "You're pretty much Mr. Skinny California Go To The Gym Everyday. Isn't there some anorexic little thing named Tisa or Jenna in your life?"

"Not at the moment," he said. "Look, I'm sorry if you want to judge me by my looks, but maybe you can get past that and get to know me. Because I'd like to get to know you. Regardless of any physical shortcomings... I have."

She looked at him and thought for a moment. "Okay, Martin. Let's go have dinner. But you have to understand, we're not going to go right back to your place and do what we just did."

"I understand that," he said. "Just dinner."

"Right, just dinner," she said, taking his arm. "I might let you cum on my tits, but that's it."