 It had been a long long year since I had been able to take a vacation from work. My best friend Jack and I, decided to spend a week at the beach. It wasn't our first trip, we had went twice before in the last couple of years.

When we go to the beach, we do two things traditionally: We go on the gambling cruise and then with our winnings from that (or lack thereof) we go to the strip club, or as I like to call it, "charity work."

This yearly beach trip has always been my way to escape. Escape from the stress of work. Escape from my sleepy little hometown. Most importantly, its an escape from this girl who I am madly in love with. Even though she isn't physically in this story, to tell this story, I've got to tell you about her. Her name is not important so I'll refer to her as "Honey." So if all you're looking for is sex to get off to, scroll on down a bit. But if you like a good set up to the porn, keep reading I won't be offended either way.

I met her several years ago when I lived away from home. I know love at first sight is considered cliche, but I experienced it the night I met her. Over the course of the next year we went out on a couple of dates and grew close, but only as friends. I wrote a short story about that year and she ended up reading it one night on accident and that's how she found out that I was in love with her. Unfortunately she was leaving town soon after that. But before she left I was able to tell her face to face that I loved her, but she was leaving so did it really matter.

Over the course of the next couple of years, I moved further away from home and then moved back to my sleepy little hometown, while she eventually joined the military, but with the exception of a misunderstanding that lasted a few months, we never really lost touch thanks to Facebook and text messaging. We even got to go visit one another from time to time. Back in May we met up in Nashville with some of our friends and went to see a concert. I had a plan, but I was too nervous to pull it off right. She was single for the first time in a while, so I once again was going to profess my love to her. I was going to take her to the fanciest romantic restaurant I could find. And I had an expensive dozen of roses delivered to the restaurant. I suited up for it, and bought a nice green tie to wear because that was her favorite color. It was supposed to be just the two of us, but our friends ended up tagging along. Halfway through the meal, she even asked me:

"It was just meant to be me and you here wasn't it?"

I smiled and told her yes, but it was okay. So telling her "I love you." was going to have to wait. We went to a hockey game that night, the concert was the next night, and then hit the bars later. At one point we all got split up. I got really drunk. I went looking for her and found her talking to some douche-bag. I panicked. She didn't leave with him, she and I walked back to our hotel together and she started the conversation.

"Why are you acting so weird?"

"What do you mean?"

"Don't play dumb. You've been nervous and wound up like a cuckoo clock ever since you picked me up at the airport. What's going on?"

I took a deep breath and exhaled. 

"You remember a few years ago when I told you that you scare the Hell out of me?"

"Yeah."

"Well you still do. Honey, I love you and honestly I've never stopped loving you since the day I walked into that bar and saw you for the first time." (she was a bartender)

What followed that was a long speech of me clumsily and drunkenly professing my love for her and how I was trying to get my life straightened out so that one day we could be together. No more face-booking or texting or brief two or three day trips to spend a few hours hanging out. That she wouldn't have to keep dating and being with these douche-bags and assholes that always end up hurting her. That she could be with me and I would do everything in my power to make her the happiest woman on Earth for the rest of our lives. I was drunk and nervous and it didn't come out nearly as good as I wanted it to, and she rejected me on the grounds that at that particular moment in her life she wasn't ready and she was afraid that if we did end up together if we broke up our friendship would be forever destroyed. I was heartbroken and it didn't ruin the trip but trying to make her not see how upset I was was tough, but I made it through the rest of the trip without ruining it for her.

So three months later My buddy Jack and I went to the beach. I didn't really win any money, but I didn't lose any either. So we went to the strip club with enough money to have a good time. Now I like to call the strip club "therapy" and the strippers"therapists." The year before there was a stripper named Candi and when we went back in the fifteen minute private room, I told all about Honey up to that point and she told me that I was a great guy and if she didn't want me it was her loss and I needed to move on. I was hoping she would be there this year, but she wasn't. 

So Jack and I sat in front of the stage and unlike previous years there wasn't a lot of talent on stage that caught my eye. One girl who said her name was "Kiki" attempted to engage me in conversation, but when she realized she wasn't going to get anywhere with me, she soon departed. 

Just when I was about to give up hope, she caught my eye. She was wearing these frilly little plaid green bra and panties She had dark black curly hair, lightly tanned skin, deep sea green eyes, and a body that could stop traffic. In a way I kind of thought she looked a little like Honey, but I forced that thought out of my head.

Her voice was so sweet, it probably gave me diabetes. She sat down beside me, asked if I minded if she smoked, and the fun began. She lit up and said:

"My name is Paradise. What's yours?

Now I knew "Paradise" wasn't her real name, so I thought I'd have a little fun and give her my fake name. And there was only one fake name I could use: "The King Bundy of the "nudie bars." So I said with a grin:

"My name is Al."

"Nice to meet you where are all from."

"Tennessee."

"Are you here on vacation?"

"Yeah, just a few days away from the stress at home."

"Well would you like a dance?"

"Alright."

So I paid thirty dollars for a two song lap dance from her. This wasn't a private dance, there was a member of security sitting at the door. Its only been a week, but I can't tell you what two songs were playing at the time. She started by taking off her panties and she put them around my neck. Then she took off her top and began her dance. Good Lord she could move! Okay in all brutal honesty, she wasn't doing a lot of dancing, but she rubbed herself all over me and I was loving every damn minute of it! She even did this...... I guess you'd call it motor-boating on my crotch a couple of times. So after it was over she asked if I would want a fifteen minute private dance. All I could say was:

"Alright."

So as we go into the private room she tells me the lap-dance made her horny and she was really excited to get me in the private room. Once again, all I could say was:

"Alright."

Now the security guard walked in with us, but he only stayed long enough to explain the rules, which were no sex. But he was laughing as he said it. Now I had paid for the fifteen minute private dances in the two years before I had visited and while no sex had occurred, Jack actually did hook up with a stripper there in both of the two years before. But I still wasn't expecting anything to happen outside of some really intense dancing and maybe I'd get to feel her up a little bit. As soon as the security guy left she said:

"Okay. Whip it out!"

"What?! Really?! But he said......"

She straddled me and kissed me and said.

"Take off your pants and whip it out tiger!"

"Alright."

So I pulled down my pants and pulled out my penis. Now I had only received one blow job nine years ago from my girlfriend at the time, but it was terrible. Her teeth scraped across my dick and I stopped her before she even got started. But Paradise was an expert. She grabbed it and put her lips around the head and started sucking like there was no tomorrow. I knew the music was loud, and I was afraid someone might hear us, but she was moaning so loud and as much as I was trying to control myself, I was moaning louder than her. She kept begging me to give her some cum, but I couldn't at first. She was working so hard for it. She started spitting on it and began jacking me off. I placed my hand on her head guiding her up and down on my rocket and finally, just before the fifteen minutes were up, I exploded. I erupted! She moaned so loud as I kept shooting load after load after load down her throat. We cleaned ourselves up and she straddled me again and we made out for a couple of minutes until someone knocked on the door to let us know that time was up. She nibbled on my ear and whispered:

"Thanks tiger. I needed that. I'm going home to my girlfriend tonight, but I'll be thinking about you."

Truth be told folks, I'm obsessed with lesbians. So when she told me she had a girlfriend, I was on cloud nine. I got head from a lesbian! But the fun hadn't ended, not by a long shot.

I got up early the next morning..... Well it was around ten that morning, which is early for me. Anyhow I went down to the Boardwalk to window shop and walk around. It began to rain very hard. I got drenched before I could get inside somewhere. This little bar and grill was open so I ran to it. I didn't have time to notice someone else was running to the building. We kind of bumped into each other. Before I could see who she was, I apologized. 

"Oh! I'm sorry Miss. I was just tryin' to get....... Paradise?"

It indeed was Paradise, the stripper from the night before. It was pissing down the rain, so we did the only sensible thing to do, we sat down together, ate a couple of cheeseburgers, and just talked. As she sipped her soda, she asked me:

"So do you want to know my real name?"

"Well yeah. You won't get in trouble doing that?"

"I'm not working right now. I can do whatever I want. My name is Julie."

I smiled.

"Nice to meet you Julie. I guess I should tell you, my name is not Al."

"It's not?"

"No, before you came to the table, I wasn't having a good time. The stripper I met last years wasn't there, and no one caught my eye."

"Not even me?"

"Well I hadn't met you yet."

"So what's your name, tiger?"

So I told her my real name. She told me that she got into a fight with her girlfriend and she was just taking to the Boardwalk to clear her mind. She seemed troubled about it, so I told her all about Honey and our history together.

"So I met her five years ago. She was a bartender at this bar my friends wanted to go to. I fell in love with her the second I laid eyes on her. It took me six months to get her to go out on a date with me and that was just as friends. The next summer, she was moving away. I told her I loved her. I didn't tell her that because I wanted her to stay. I mean I wanted her to stay, but that's not why I said it. I wanted her to know that no matter what that there was someone whose life she had forever changed and he would forever love her for that. So she moves away and then I moved away in the other direction, but I went to visit a couple of times, and even took her to a wrestling show, the first one she ever went to. After that she joined the Army and while she was in Basic Training, she met this guy and she ended up engaged to him. I found out via her social media page. I went nuts. I got drunk and lost my mind. A day or so later she told me and I snapped on her and we didn't speak to one another for three months. Her engagement ended and we started talking again. Then she ended up with some other Government Issued douche-bag for about a year and they ended up breaking up. So the Army sent her to the Middle East for a few months. When she came back my best friend and her best friend from back home, met her up in Nashville the first weekend in May for a concert and to hang out. I made plans for a romantic dinner for just the two of us. I even had an eighty dollar vase full of red roses waiting on us. I had planned to tell her that I still loved her and always had, even when we weren't talking to each other. I knew she was having a tough time dealing with how the last two jerks treated her and I was hoping that and the roses would finally open her eyes to the fact that I'm the one. But it didn't happen that way. Our friends joined us and there went my plan."

"What did you do then?"

"Well we went to a hockey game after dinner and after that we went out to the bars. The girls left before we did, so I panicked! I was drunk and went looking for her and found her talking to this guy. But she ended up walking back to our hotel with me. We started talking. I was so drunk and I don't remember everything I told her, but I told her I loved her. She told me it wouldn't work out. She just wasn't ready I guess. I don't think she flat out rejected me. I think she's still dealing with how her exes treated her, but it still hurt like Hell. We were so tired and drunk that we didn't finish the conversation and I was too confused to finish it while we were there. I was ready to go home and bury my feelings for her once and for all, then she started texting me, saying that she missed me and thought about what I said that night all the time, which like always pulled me right back in. Now I'm sitting here planning a way to get out of the debts I'm in and giving it one last shot at her."

"What would you do?"

"Well if I can do it the way I want to, it would take me till the end of the year to get out of debt, and then the next four months, I'd save up money to be able to move. I've got this big party, a celebration if you will, in Vegas and I want her and as many of my friends there as possible. As soon as we get a minute alone and I'm going to tell her: "I did all of this for you. You're the reason I've busted my ass, got out of debt, and I'm ready to move on, get a place of my own, get an education, get a great job, and finally live an adult's life. I could probably move on without you, but I don't want to. I've wanted this since the day I met you. You're the last piece of the puzzle. I did this for us, because I believe that you and I could have a Hell of a life together. I'd spend every day, every hour, every minute, every second of our lives treating you the way you deserve to be treated, like a Queen. I need you and I love you And I can't live without you." I'm sorry, Julie."

"Why?"

"I'm probably the only man in the world having lunch with a beautiful woman, going on about another one."

"It's okay. You really care about her don't you?"

"I do. But she drives me crazy."

I showed Julie some of the texts Honey had sent in the last few months, and this was her opinion.

"She loves you, but she's afraid that if you and her got closer and the something happened that would break you two up, it would ruin not only your relationship, but your friendship too. And she's not willing to risk that. She doesn't want to lose you."

Julie wasn't telling me anything I hadn't heard or thought already.

"Is there anything I can do to change that?"

"Be patient with her. Be there for her. Whenever she's down you be the one to pick her back up. Don't give up on her."

The rain began to let up.

"I better go. I need to go grocery shopping before work tonight."

I hated that I wasted the last hour talking about Honey to this girl who I'd really just met. So I took a chance that was so unlike me.

"Will you go out with me?"

"What?"

"Look I know this is crazy and I may just be another customer to you, but let me take you out somewhere tomorrow."

"What'd you have in mind?"

"Well you ever been on the gambling boat?"

"No."

"Well why don't we take the afternoon cruise. We can drink and gamble and if we run out of money, we can just sit on the top deck and talk some more. I promise we won't talk about the other people in our lives Say yes."

"Okay."

So the next morning I met Julie at a Hardees up the road from my hotel. We grabbed a couple of biscuits from the drive thru and headed to the docks of the gambling boat. The cruise was supposed to be around five hours. We got on the boat got a couple of drinks and hit the poker tables for a little while. I lost a little money so we walked away from the poker tables. We were walking down an empty hallway when she put her hand on my chest and pushed me against the wall and said:

"This is for good luck tiger."

She kissed me. It was deep and passionate and as she kissed me she grabbed my crotch. I got hard instantly. She broke the kiss and whispered in my ear and said.

"Mmmm. Someone is excited. If I thought we could find some privacy long enough, I'd give you another round of what I gave you the other night!"

She licked and bit my ear and pulled me towards the slot machine. So for the next couple of hours I played the slot machines while she sat beside of me and rubbed my crotch, which must have been good luck because I won back all of the money I lost at poker. Soon the Captain announced they had to cut the cruise short because of a bad storm that was coming in, so we sat at a table on the top deck away from most everyone else. She kept rubbing herself all over me for the next hour until we got back to the docks. She whispered in my ear.

"I'm drunk, I'm horny, and I want you so bad!"

How I kept control of myself, I will never know.

So as we got in my car and headed back to the beach she asked me to take her to her apartment. When we got there she invited me inside. As soon as we got inside she jumped into my arms and kissed me again.

"I want you. I want you bad! Fuck me! Take me tiger!"

"Oofa!"

So I carried her to her bedroom. Clothing went flying into a pile across the room. We were still in our underwear. She pulled mine down and exposed my throbbing hard cock. She got on her knees, grabbed it with one hand, shoved it in her mouth and began sucking it. As good as she was a couple of nights before at the strip club, she was a million times better in her apartment. She was going up and down up and down sucking it so hard. I put my hand on her head guiding it as she moaned. I moaned too as she began to lick my shaft like it was a lollipop. She pushed me back on to the bed and demanded that I get rough and start fucking her face. So I grabbed her by the head with both hands and started ramming her head up and down on my dick. We both began moaning and screaming in ecstasy and fairly soon for the second time in two days I shot cum all over her. She pulled my penis out of her mouth and let cum cover her face and chest. That sent her over the edge she began moaning even louder than she did before. She grabbed a towel and wiped my seed off of her body. When she did I grabbed her and laid her down on her bed.

"Damn. You are so good. Let me show how much I appreciate what you've done to me."

I kissed her on the lips and we made out while a fumbled with her bra. When I took it off I kissed my way down her to her bronzed magnificent breasts. I honest to God did not know what to do first but I remembered that scene in "Wedding Crashers" when Vince Vaughn called Owen Wilson a "motorboatin' son of a bitch," because he thought he motorboated Jane Seymor's boobs. So that's what I done. She laughed. And rubbed her breasts around my head. I switched back and forth sucking and fondling her tits as I stuck my free hand down her panties to rub her shaven pussy. She was moaning and was getting so wet, so I quickly kissed my way down her stomach and past her bellybutton as I pulled her panties down her legs. I stuck a finger in her pussy and she started humping it, but I decided to tease her a little more.
