 Author's Note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive.

This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law.

The stimulation was too much, and a small amount of cum seeped out of his slit, thick and white as it traveled the length of his cock. Greedily she licked at it, taking the time to clean his slit of any residue that might still be there. Once it was gone, she pulled away. Danny felt no relief from the brief cum; in fact, it actually made things worse because his hopes for relief had been raised.

Several minutes later (or was it hours? Danny really wasn't sure; he'd dozed off), he felt the table move, then a hand on his cock and the unmistakable sensation of a very wet pussy coming into contact with his cockhead. Oh God, yes, he thought.

He had no idea what was in store for him, but he knew that he wanted to fuck her really bad. She moved frantically above him, rubbing his cockhead along her outer lips, soaking it in her juices. She was so hot, and so wet, that he wouldn't have been surprised if she came right there.

She pressed down, applying pressure, trying to insert his cock in her, but the head was too big. She whimpered and panted; her voice sounding high pitched and desperate. He could feel her rocking back and forth, trying to get his cock in; because of her position over him, he was unable to thrust upward to help. Her efforts finally paid off and he felt his cockhead move forward and into her pussy. She simultaneously sighed and moaned as it touched a sensitive spot inside her. Once she hit bottom and he felt the hot sticky wetness of her pussy on his pelvis, she slowly withdrew until only the head remained embedded. He could feel her legs quivering with the effort, and would have smiled in satisfaction had he not been juggling so many other feelings and sensations.

She felt incredible! He'd wanted to fuck her since she first bent over in his office, and now here he was, his cock sliding into her, the movements tortuously slow. He was so caught up in the act of fucking her that it took him awhile to notice that there was a warm hot mouth on his balls.

Oh shit, he thought, how the hell did she do that. He could see her dimensions in his minds eye, and could not imagine a position that would allow her to screw him in this position AND lick on his balls; it simply wasn't possible.

The tongue was doing incredible things to his balls while he was being fucked, swirling around the sack, kissing and sucking, and occasionally venturing up to the shaft in between down strokes. He wanted to call out, to ask what was going on, but thought better of it, not so much out of fear of breaking the rules and her filing her report as much as out of fear that she (they?) might stop. Whoever it was that was impaled on his pole started to chant (he could no longer be certain that it was Carnie), "Uh huh, Uh huh" under her breath, and started to slow her strokes to delay her cumming. He felt the mouth on his balls move up to her pussy, trying to coax an orgasm out of it by matching the strokes with that wonderful tongue.

Sure enough, that was all it took to push her over. He felt her pussy contract as her orgasm began, and the chanting got faster. Apparently, as her pussy got tighter and encountered the thickness of his bound and restrained cock, it set off a second orgasm right after the first started. The force of cumming back to back twice caused her to knees to buckle, ramming his cock in up to the hilt; as his cockhead plowed deep inside her, an orgasm was touched off and she screamed. This was more than his abused cock and balls could handle. His balls began to contract, trying to force cum through his bound shaft. Unfortunately, Carnie had done a good job (actually, she had redone the bindings while he slept), and nothing was able to break free. He groaned in pain as his cock spasmed inside her, unable to drain any of the cum that had built up. The spasms extended the third orgasm, causing the woman to lean forward spent and exhausted.

Gradually the woman on top of him reluctantly removed his cock from inside her by standing up, his cock withdrawing with an audible, wet pop. She climbed down moved away from the table. All of this activity was taking an incredible toll on his body. In spite of the pounding in his crotch, he fell asleep again. He awoke with Carnie's voice in his ear. "Wake up sleepy head. We're not done yet."

He shook his head to clear it, and quickly realized that his hands and feet were now free, but his cock was still bound.

"You did good. As a reward, I've decided to give you a show. Sit up and swing your legs over the side, but do not remove the blindfold." Danny did as he was told. Carnie (at least this time he thought that it was Carnie) grabbed his hand and coaxed him forward, off of the table. She maneuvered him to a dinette chair that had been place in the center of the living room.

"There is a chair behind you," she said. "Please sit down."

Once he did, she pulled his hands behind him and handcuffed them securely to the legs of the chair. Next, she tied his legs tightly to the front legs of the chair with his legs spread. Without warning, she began to kiss and lick his cock, savoring the pussy juice that had dried on it from his earlier encounter. He shifted his hips, trying to relieve some of the pressure in his balls.

With a final lick, she stood up. "Ok, Danny; show time!"

As she leaned forward to remove the blindfold, her nipple grazed his lips. He clamped his mouth around it, teasing the point with his tongue and sucking hard on it. Her hands faltered.

"Oh God damn. Yes!" she moaned. "Oh yes, that's it."

Reluctantly, she finished removing the blindfold and stepped back. As his vision cleared, he was able to confirm that they were not in the room alone. On the floor across him, rubbing her pussy feverishly, was his wife!

"Melanie!?!" he shouted, shocked and confused.

Carnie shot him a warning glance, and he wisely decided against following through with the questions that sprung immediately to mind at the sight of his wife on the floor playing with herself. Carnie moved over to where Melanie lay and nestled between her legs.

Physically, the two women could not have been more different. Melanie had small, lemon sized tits capped with slight, pink nipples. Her thin lanky frame made it appear that she towered over Carnie, when in fact she was only 3 or 4 inches taller. Her hips were narrow and her stomach flat; she'd always enjoyed sex but had never been particularly adventurous. Until now, that is.

"Did the big thick cock abuse your poor little pussy?" Carnie asked as if speaking to a child. "Would you like Carnie to make it better?"

Melanie's eyes were closed and it looked like she hadn't heard her. Her legs were spread wide, and Danny could see where her pussy lips were red and swollen from the onslaught on the table; she looked like she had been gang banged. His cock throbbed at the realization that that had been his wife up there. She'd never cum multiple times before with him, but from the looks of her pussy, she'd been run through the ringer and enjoyed it. It was still wet and glistening, and it looked like she was trying to work herself into another orgasm.

Carnie firmly grabbed Melanie's wrist and removed her hand from her pussy. Danny watched in amazement as Carnie used her free hand to spread Melanie's pussy and suck deeply, making her tongue pointy and fucking her with it. To his knowledge, Melanie had never cheated on him, and certainly had never been with another woman, but she seemed to be getting into this. Freeing her hand, Melanie grabbed Carnie's head with both hands and pressed it firmly into her pussy.

"Oh Jesus, yes! Yes!" she moaned, humping Carnie's face, oblivious to the fact that Danny was staring at her slack jawed. "Swing around; let me taste that wonderful pussy!"

What the hell was going on? Danny's head reeled as he watched the mother of his children, a prim and proper woman by anyone's standards, engage in a hot and steamy 69 session with Carnie. The women turned so that Carnie's ass was facing Danny and he had an unobstructed view of his wife hungrily lapping pussy, burying her face as deep as it would go.

"I'm going to cum, Carnie. Keep it up, right there!" Contradictorily, Carnie stopped.

"No!" Melanie whined. "I was so close!"

She tried to reach around Carnie and bring herself off, but Carnie blocked her access. Frustrated, she dropped her hands to her sides. "I think we can do better than this, don't you Mel?" No answer. Carnie stood up. "You'll cum again, I promise, but it'll be my way. Go kneel in front of Danny and get on all fours."

Walking toward her husband, Danny searched her face for some sign of recognition, but she was too far gone, her face the picture of lust. Following Carrie's instructions, she positioned herself in front of Danny on her hands and knees, her face at his crotch, and her ass pointing at Carnie.

"Suck him."

Her mouth was incredibly hot, like she was running a temperature. He could not believe the vigor with which she attacked his cock. She had no trouble opening her mouth wide enough to get the head in, and she did so, doing her best to swallow him whole. She reached under herself to finger her dripping pussy, but Carnie slapped her hand away.

Unfortunately, the blowjob was anything but pleasurable for Danny; he'd built up so much cum he was afraid that he was going to rupture something.

Without saying a word, Carnie nudged Melanie's head, and she removed her mouth. Danny hadn't noticed, but Carnie had picked up a vibrator from somewhere. It was cock shaped and 10" long, but not quite as thick around as he was.

"Don't turn around," she said as she slipped the dildo between Melanie's legs, getting it nice and wet from the juice dripping out of her pussy. When it was well coated, she said "Time to take your virginity, dear. Tell your husband that you want me to fuck your ass."

Danny's eyes grew wide with shock. There was no way she could take that thing in her ass. During a particularly wild night early in their marriage he had slid a finger in there, and Melanie hadn't spoken to him for almost two weeks. Apparently, Melanie didn't remember that incident, or she simply no longer cared. This time, she didn't even hesitate. "Danny," she begged. "Please tell her to fuck me in the ass. I NEED to cum! Please Danny, do it. Do what she wants!"

Dumfounded, Danny did as she asked. "Carnie, fuck Melanie's ass with that thing," he asked, his heart in his throat. It wasn't fair that he wouldn't be the first!

"Are you sure?" Carnie asked teasingly?

Danny looked at his wife and saw the wanting in her eyes. He looked at Carnie and nodded.

Again from somewhere unseen, Carnie picked up a container of petroleum jelly and scooped a glob out with her fingers. Slowly she spread it around Melanie's asshole, and then started to work it in with her finger. Melanie grunted as the finger entered her, but said noting else. As soon as the first finger could move around easily, Carnie worked in a second, then a third. Melanie laid her head on Danny's lap whimpering, but offered no protest.

Carnie rubbed the dildo between Melanie's legs a few more times then placed the tip on her asshole. Slowly but firmly she pushed on it until it pushed past her anal ring. She waited a moment, giving Melanie a chance to get used to its thickness. Danny looked down and saw his wife's eyes squeezed shut. Carnie began sliding it in slowly again, and Melanie started panting in short rapid bursts. At about six inches, Carnie reversed the motion, pulling it all the way out, leaving Melanie's asshole gaping. She pushed it back in a little quicker the next time, and was soon pumping it in and out smoothly. Melanie's head began lolling back and forth in time with the dildo's movements, and when Danny looked down the next time there was nothing but pleasure on her face. She started pushing her ass back on the dildo, trying to get more depth out of each stroke. Her moans were getting louder now, and Danny knew from experience that she was well on her way to another orgasm.

True to her word, Carnie delivered a mind blowing cum. While fucking Melanie's ass, she reached over with her free hand and began rubbing her clit. Melanie's body grew confused, unsure which way to hump, pleasurable sensations coming from two different directions. She finally worked into a rhythm that involved her rolling her hips to maximize the pressure in both places. As her pace picked up, Carnie rubbed harder on Melanie's clit, until Melanie let out a long deep moan and collapse onto the floor, dildo still sticking out of her ass. Danny's cock convulsed as he tried to cum again, but still nothing came out.

It had been hours since Carnie had cum last, a condition she planned to address immediately.

Standing and stepping over Melanie, she straddled Danny's chair and stuck a nipple in his mouth. He suckled on it, nibbling and biting, causing her to actually drip onto his lap. He increased his attention, moving between her nipples in rapid succession.

"I can't stand this anymore," she said. "I need to cum bad."

Moving back slightly, she reached below her and tried to guide his cock into her waiting pussy, but like Melanie, had trouble working the swollen head in. After a little more work on her very hard, very sensitive nipples, it slid in with a sucking sound. Danny saw stars! Carnie had the most amazing pussy he'd ever felt, soft and warm inside, it was as if each muscle had wrapped itself around his cock and was steadily massaging it. When she rose up, it felt like her pussy gripped and climbed, but when she slid down, it was like fucking warm pudding. He moaned into her tit, which made her pump a little harder.

Because she was so small, it took awhile to get Danny all the way in. Her pussy felt stretched and tight and full. She thought she could actually feel the ridge of his head and the veins on his shaft, she was so turned on. She knew she wouldn't last long at this rate. As she increased her pace, she felt his body tightening under him, and knew he was reaching orgasm again. Deftly reaching behind her, she undid the straps and bindings that had held his cock and balls prisoner for all of this time. In reaction to this newfound freedom, Danny's orgasm peeked, and he began shooting load after load of hot cum into her. Deep inside, Carnie felt the cum stream into her, and her orgasm also began. Her pussy clenched Danny's cock milking the cum, as she slammed repeatedly onto his lap, unable to hear or see anything over the roar of her orgasm and the slap of their crotches. It was a wonder the chair didn't collapse under the pressure. It felt like he came for hours there were so much cum, and in the end she must have reached her limit because gobs started to drip out of her pussy as she leaned against his chest, worn out. She rose and kissed him, snaking her tongue into his mouth. Cum continued to drip down her leg as released his hands, then untied his legs, and walked over and flopped on the couch. When she didn't say a word, Danny spoke up.

"Now what."

"Now nothing. I'm done. Every part of my body is sore. The two of you wore me out."

He looked over at a clock that was sitting on the end table. It was 9:00 in the morning!

"So then, we've got a deal?" he asked, mimicking her statement from the night before. She nodded.

"Ok then, I have a question. What the hell is she doing here?" he asked, pointing to Melanie, who'd moved to any easy chair in order to get a better view of the last coupling.

"Oh that," Carnie grinned. "Well, I kind of called her and told her that it was very important that she meet me, because you needed her help. Like the good wife, she came right over. When she got here, I told her that you had sexually harassed me at the office, and I didn't know what to do. She was destroyed. Then I offered her a drink."

"And another," Melanie added. "And another. And then one more still. I was so mad at you Danny! Eventually, I realized that I was in no condition to drive home, and even if I could, I couldn't let the kids see me like this. So I called Beth and asked her to pick them up and let them sleep over. I said that I'd had a horrible day, and I would explain everything tomorrow. Then I passed out. When I woke up I was naked, and Carnie," she looked over, "was DOING things to me. I was appalled, but they felt so good; after awhile, there was enough alcohol in me that I didn't care that it was another woman."

"We were having so much fun, I finally came clean with Mel," Carnie continued. "I told her the truth. She said it sounded kind of kinky, and wanted to watch. One thing led to another, and now here we all sit fucked out!" She smiled. Danny didn't know whether to be mad, sad or what. This woman had blackmailed him and basically raped his wife. But it was the most incredible experience he'd ever had. His cock was already stirring at the memory. As it sprung back to life, he looked down at it, then over to Carnie.

"Looks like somebody's still got some lead in his pencil!" Danny blushed.

Standing she asked, "Want to do one more round?"

Danny looked at Carnie, then at Melanie, then back to Carnie. Ahhh, what the hell, it's not like it was really cheating, was it? After all, Melanie was here. Danny walked over to the couch and turned Carnie around.

"I want you from behind this time," he said.

She bent over and braced herself on the back of the couch, her ass pointed up and her pussy spread wide. She was still dripping from the last fuck, so he entered her easily. She pushed back on his cock, wedging it in tightly. Slowly he pumped into her, drawing out and plunging in. Occasionally he would "miss" on reentry and brush her clit, making her shiver. He could tell that she was enjoying it, because she would snarl as he stroked.

Trying not to draw attention to himself, he gestured for Melanie to come over to the couch. Without speaking, he indicated that she should come around and over the back, so that her pussy would be in Carnie's face. As soon as she was in position, Carnie took the hint began to munch on Melanie's pussy, snaking her tongue in and chewing on her pussy lips like a woman possessed.

Danny used her distraction to his advantage and, on his next down stroke plunged his cock deep into Carnie's ass. She may have gotten Melanie's ass, but damned if he wasn't going to get some of hers. Already slick with his cum and her juices, her ass provided only minimal resistance as his engorged cockhead forced her apart.

"Unnnhhhh," she moaned, but was cut of as Melanie pressed her cunt tighter to her face.

Her ass was much tighter than her pussy, and Danny could actually feel the friction as he plowed deep into her. His cock was definitely the widest thing that had ever been in it but he was relentless, pounding into her asshole without giving her time to adjust to his thickness. He leaned into her, reaching over to tug on her nipples roughly while he stuffed his cock into her anus. The three moved in unison, Danny punishing Carnie's ass while she ate Melanie's pussy like it might be her last meal. Melanie came first, possibly because she stared intently at Danny's cock while it moved in an out of Carnie to go along with the tongue bath she was getting. She bucked her hips and flailed her arms as she came, almost falling backwards off the couch. Danny pulled out of Carnie's ass and sat down, pulling her on top of him and so that he could suck on her wonderful tits while they continued to fuck. Grabbing her hips, he picked her up and pressed her down on his cock like a doll, controlling the speed and force of their fucking. Melanie, recovered from her orgasm, knelt between his legs and worked on his balls like Carnie had done early. As he felt the cum building in his balls, Danny increased the speed, angling Carnie so that his shaft rubbed her clit with every stroke. This time, she came before him.
