 She was on her way over. It had been a while since we had seen each other. But her car was running well and my roommate and her boyfriend weren't going to be home tonight. It was also nice that all week we hadn't argued not even once. Something totally remarkable for us. I lit another cigarette and I tried to focus on what was playing on the TV. I was excited to see her and smoking helped to calm me down some. Just as I was putting out my smoke she knocked on the door. It wasn't locked but I got up to let her in. There she stood on my front steps looking as gorgeous as ever. I could see she was wearing a skirt and her black boots that covered her calves. Her jacket hid whatever top she had on but it didn't matter, she always looked great no matter what she wore. I stepped back to let her in and she entered the house and smiled her girlish mischievous smile.

"Hi, honey," she said.

"Hello beautiful."

"Are we alone?"

"But of course."

Almost before I could get the words out she was in my arms and we kissed. I could feel my erection beginning to grow, as it usually did when we kissed. She was the only woman to ever get that sort of response from me with just a kiss. She broke away first and dropped to her knees.

"God, I've been wanting to suck your cock all day," she said as she fumbled with my belt buckle. 

After the belt she undid my pants and was clawing her way over my boxers.

She moaned as she pulled me out and began kissing the head. As she began to licking she looked up at me and I could see the passion in her eyes. Holding my cock between her lips she shoved my pants and boxers down past my knees. I watched her slowly draw almost the entire length into her mouth. I could feel the warmth of her tongue and closed my eyes. Soon she was working it back and forth between her lips getting me all nice and wet. She then withdrew me from her mouth allowing a long thread of saliva clinging from my cock head to her lips before engulfing me again. God it felt so good! She was a great cock sucker and I now had my hands on either side of her head and was fucking her face. I could hear her gag as I shoved my swollen dick towards the back of her throat and she was moaning more and more. I could imagine how wet her pussy was getting and knew I had to taste it. I pulled her head off and she looked disappointed as she stood.

"I gotta eat your pussy."

"Humpf," was her only reply, but I could tell she wasn't that upset.

I kicked off my pants from around my ankles while she removed her coat and tossed it on the sofa. We kissed again and her lips felt warm and wet from giving me head. I turned her around and bent her over the sofa. She let out a little giggle and I tossed her skirt up towards her back. I stared down at the most perfect ass and knew it was mine and I was so gonna violate it tonight. She was wearing one of her skimpiest thongs; it was barely a piece of thread which disappeared into her crack. I began to kiss her back side working my way down her thighs. Another moan escaped her lips as she bent farther over. In doing so her cheeks spread farther apart giving me even more access to her naughty parts. Not wanting to take the time to remove her panties I pushed them aside and gently began kissing her soft clean-shaven pussy. Her lips were glistening from how moist she was getting and I ran my tongue over her exposed snatch. She tasted salty and I could smell sex on her. I was thinking that she must have masturbated a few times before coming over. Repositioning my mouth I was able to reach her clit and gently began to flick it with my tongue, she bent even further over the sofa. I now grabbed her by her cheeks and spread her open and I could see her rose bud of an asshole. I licked it up and down, and my dirty girl moaned again. I slide my mouth back down and began to eat her pussy.

"Oh yeah baby," she moaned, "It feels so good."

I latched on her clit and began sucking on it while I shoved my nose into her cunt. I then replaced my nose with my tongue and drove it as far inside her as it would go. My nose was now tickling her asshole and her moans had changed.

"Oh god baby I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!"

I didn't let up I ate and ate until I could feel her body tense.

"Oh yes, baby I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

I still didn't stop; I wanted to taste her cum. Her body shook and convulsed for a moment or two as I continued lapping her up like a thirsty dog. God I loved it when she came. I couldn't wait to fuck her.

Having cum in my mouth she was still leaning over the sofa. My cock was as hard as ever and I needed to fuck. I gripped my erection by the base and traced her saliva dampened lips with my swollen cock head. Then I ran my shaft up between her cheeks teasing her flexing asshole. It tensed and relaxed as I rubbed up and down in her crease. She moaned. Just for fun I slapped my dick against her ass cheek making a nice smacking sound and she giggled. I slipped back down and allowed just the head to penetrate her. I knew she liked to be teased and I loved teasing her; so I continued fucking her with just the first few inches of my prick. A nice steady rhythm popping the head in and out of her juicy cunt. With each thrust she was moaning louder and I could tell that another orgasm was building up inside of her. Finally I grabbed her by her hips and sunk my entire length deep inside her.

"Ohhh," she groaned.

God she felt so fucking good. I had to pause for a second before doing anything else. I had to regain my composure, because I didn't want to cum too soon. I leaned over her and kissed her cheek and nibbled on her ear lobe.

Then in a whisper I asked, "Whose pussy is that?"

"Ooo, baby it's yours."

"And whose ass is that?"

"Oh God baby it's your ass."

With that I straightened up and began to fuck her relentlessly over the arm of the sofa.

"Oh yeah," she muttered.

Her head was down; plastered into one of the sofas cushions and I could see her fingers gripping the fabric. Knowing how much she liked it rough I started ramming into her as fast and as hard as I could. With every thrust her ass quivered, and she'd let out little noises. I looked down and watched my cock jack hammering away constantly vanishing and reappearing from her wet little puss. I pulled her cheeks apart to get a better view. From this angle I could watch her asshole. All I kept thinking was how I was going to be balls deep in there tonight.

"Oh god yeah baby fuck me" she yelled. "Fuck that pussy, baby it's your pussy!"

"You like that baby?"

"Oh fuck yeah baby, I love your cock."

"Are you gonna cum for me baby?"

"Oh yeah baby, I'm gonna cum all over that hard cock of yours."

I could feel my balls slapping around as we fucked. I wanted to hear her come again. I smacked her ass, but never stopped plowing into her. She was moaning louder and louder, she must be getting close. I reached up and pulled her hair.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" she yelled.

I couldn't believe how hot she looked, and I knew I was gonna cum soon.

"Fuck baby," she screamed "I'm gonna cum again, don't stop!"

I kept thrusting; I could feel my own orgasm coming.

Finally she broke.

"Oh fuck me, I'm cumming baby!"

And her body started to shake just as my cock grew rigid.

"Oh shit," was all I could mutter.

Contraction after contraction pumped my hot load deep inside her.

"Yeah baby, fill my pussy..."

As soon as I was able I started sliding back and forth again, trying to catch my breath. I looked down at her narrow back and watched her breathing hard as well. We had cum together and it had felt so good. But tonight wasn't over, not by a long shot.

"Ooo, baby, I wanna taste your cum and my pussy or yer cock."

"Well, come here and suck it baby," I said pulling out of her...

She climbed off the arm of the sofa, turned around, climbed back on facing me and knelt hanging over the arm again. Grabbing my unit she started milking the last drips of semen into her waiting mouth. Her skirt had fallen back down and she still had her top on but she looked so sexy mouthing my cock that I knew I'd regain my erection soon.

"Do you want to go upstairs?" I asked.

"Do you?" She answered.

"Well, all of the toys are upstairs..."

Now she was smiling. She always enjoyed it when we broke out the toys. I had one special one in mind tonight.

I took her by the hands helping her up of the furniture and pulled her close kissing her again. Softly dragging my lips across hers, parting my lips allowing our tongues to touch briefly. Then I lead her up the stairs and down the hall to my room. The door was open and I had dimmed the lights. I spun her around and we started kissing again. I moved from her gorgeous mouth to the side of her neck and nibbled down her neck to her shoulder gently biting her tender skin. My hands were separately roaming over the curves of her body. My left found her breast while my right squeezed her ass. Lost in the joy of being so close to her, having her in my arms once again I barley noticed her where her hands were. Vaguely I could feel her pulling the bottom of my shirt up. The kissing stopped only long enough for her to remove my shirt and deposit it on the floor. Wanting to get her naked I sought and found the zipper to her skirt and allowed it to drop around her ankles. I squeezed her bare ass with both hands now. We resumed kissing while I began to tug at her shirt. With her help we removed it and there she stood wearing only her thong. Her skin always amazed me; she always had a hint of a tan. Her breasts are two perfect handfuls that sit upon her chest so pert and her pierced nipples always looked so inviting. Yep, as I had thought it wasn't gonna take me long before I was hard again and my pole was as rigid once again.

She looked down, "Oh, goody."

And she reached out and started stroking it.

"I can't wait to have you in my ass," she teased.

"Me either."

"How can you fit it in there?"

Now I don't think I'm that well endowed and I've always thought that people in my past lied about the size. But to be honest I don't care. If she's just saying it to make me feel good, well it works. And if she's not then that's even better.

"It's a tight fit but I manage."

I playfully pushed her down on the bed and laid down on top of her. We kissed and fondled; I teased her snatch with my raging hard on while I started kissing my way down her chest. Of course I stopped and nuzzled both of her tits. Licking her hard nipples, sucking as much of them into my mouth as I could. Squeezing them in turn, pinching and twisting basically man handling her tit flesh. She gasped and moaned. I made my way quickly past her navel; it's the one spot on her entire body that I am forbidden to violate. I could smell her sweet pussy as I worked lower and lower. My lips caressed her hips and I lightly chewed on them. She was now squirming as I got lower; the anticipation of again having me eat her again was getting the better of her.

"Oh baby eat that pussy," she moaned.

My only answer was to lift my head and smile up at her. I dropped my head and my mouth enveloped her soft wet mound. My hot tongue glided over her hills and valleys. I savored the saltiness and rubbed my nose across her clit. She was grabbing at her tits. I then pushed two fingers into her while I tongued around her hole.

"God I love it when you eat me..."

I began to work a third finger into her as I sucked on her engorged clit. She was so wet and I licked my fingers getting a good taste of her delicious cunt. I let out a moan letting her know that I was enjoying her as well. I continued to finger fuck her, and sucked at my digits.

"Mmmm baby do you like how I taste?"

"Oh yeah baby," I answered.

I worked my tongue down and slid it over her backdoor all the while I blasted away with my fingers. She arched her back and I slid my pinky in as well.

"Oh God baby," she gasped.

I continued toying her clit with my thumb and hoped she would cum again. Her pussy was stretched around my fingers as I spread them inside her. Her normally tight vagina had loosened around me as I hammered away. A gap started to open and I slid my thumb in, replaced it with my tongue.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed.

I moved my hand slower but she was still wet so I couldn't stop. I reached down beside the bed where I strategically placed the tube of lube and some of her favorite toys. I flipped the top and squeezed a generous amount on the top of my hand. She is moaning and I could tell this was getting a little uncomfortable for her. I grabbed the largest of the dildos, a hefty 10 incher whose head is almost as big around as my fist. I slipped my hand out and slid the head of the huge dildo back in its place. She giggled; it must have been getting a little more comfortable for her. I gently shoved it in an inch and squeezed some more lube on its shaft. I withdrew it a bit and pushed it in a bit further.

"Flip over," I order her.

She rolled over and onto her knees while I held the huge rubber cock still in place. I tongued her asshole and it puckered with each lick. Her hips were shaking as I rotated the dildo and I ran my tongue around her rim. She is still moaning as I stroked my own cock with my lubricated hand. I toke my place behind her and rubbed the head of my dick on her tight little bunghole.

"Mmmm, slowly baby," she almost begged.

I forced myself in.

"Holy shit..." she groaned.

Little by little I ground into her ass; I got one hand on the dildo and one on her hip.

"I feel so full."

I could feel the toy as I fucked her butt; it took up so much room my prick was having a hard time getting all the way in. Finally I reached bottom and my balls rested on the latex shaft sticking out of her cunt. I began to pull out.

"Yeah baby fuck my ass."

I plunge back in and I can see her hips quivering.

"Whose ass is it?" I asked.

"Its yours baby, fuck that ass baby, oh yeah fuck it baby, rape it!" she yelled.

I start pumping furiously; her ass was so fucking tight.

"You like that don't you?" I asked her.

"Oh God yes baby, give me your cum, cum in my ass baby," she yelled.

"Your such a little slut aren't you?"

"I'm your little slut."

"You love that big cock in your pussy and my dick in your ass don't you?"

"Yes baby, I love it."

I could feel my orgasm building.

"Oh yeah I'm gonna cum."

"Yes baby, yeah cum in my ass!"

Finally I blew; my cock was buried in her ass and I could feel my balls pumping load after load of hot semen deep in her bowels.

"Yeah baby, yeah." she whispered as I began to slide backwards.

Once out I gingerly removed the dildo from her cunt leaving it a large gaping hole. Not being able to help myself I stuck my tongue in as far as I can and lap at her juices.

"God, I love you," she said.

"I love you too."