 Jeff climbed out of the shower, drying himself before wrapping the towel around his waist. He combed his wet, dark hair as he filled the sink ready to shave. He rubbed the shaving gel between his hands, covering his face with the thick foam. He started shaving the stubble from his cheeks and chin. As the sharp razor scraped the hair from his face, he saw his new wife approaching from behind him in the mirror. 

He smiled, taking in her dark, coppery red hair, beautiful blue eyes, cute nose, full lips, and pale, creamy skin. Jeff felt Annie's slim arms wrap around him, her slender fingered hands caressing his chest. He could feel her soft, fluffy robe against his back as he rinsed the foam from his face. Her hands trailed lower over his stomach, and released the towel. Looking in the mirror, he could see her smiling naughtily as her fingertips brushed his trimmed pubic hair. She continued to tease Jeff, the backs of her fingers softly trailing over his soft cock. Jeff reached behind him, resting his hands on her robed hips as his cock responded to Annie's gentle fingers, slowly growing stiffer and longer. Annie kissed his neck as one of her hands closed around his thick erection, pulling the foreskin back from his swelling head as it stood clear of her small fist. Jeff felt one hand slowly stroking his chest, while the one gripping his cock drifted down until it was filled with his balls. She softly pulled and squeezed them, pressing her lithely curvaceous body against his back, allowing his hands to reach further until the were filled by her fluffy robed, firm buttocks. 

They stood together like this for minutes, Annie's hands roaming Jeff's body, her mouth and tongue caressing his neck and broad shoulders. Jeff turned in Annie's arms, pressing his mouth to hers as he walked them out of the bathroom into their bedroom. Her mouth tasted minty as his tongue slipped between her full lips. His hands ran over her back as she nipped his tongue before returning his kiss, her slippery, warm tongue circling his before slowly swirling in his mouth. Jeff brought his hands between their bodies, gripping the ties of Annie's robes. His gorgeous wife's hands stroked his buttocks, her nails lightly grazing over the skin. Jeff opened the fluffy white robe, and felt Annie's hard nipples brush against his chest. Jeff stepped back, exaggeratedly looking his semi naked wife up and down, making her smile as she struck a pose. She shrugged the robe off her shoulders, thrusting forward her ample 34C breasts, the deep pink nipples contrasting beautifully with her pale skin. Her hands rested on the smooth curves of her hips, one leg bent at the knee, her shapely thigh covering her neatly trimmed crotch. Her full lips were twisted in a naughty smile, her deep blue eyes sparkling with arousal. Jeff noticed the nails on her slender fingers and dainty toes were painted the same blue as her bewitching eyes. 

Annie dropped her robe to lay around her small feet, her petite yet shapely body completely naked, then lifted one hand and slowly beckoned him with one finger. For every step Jeff took toward her, Annie stepped back, until her legs pressed against the bed. Jeff smiled at her, her slow teasing an amazing turn on. Annie climbed onto the bed and layed on her back, her feet towards the head, her head hanging off the edge of the bed. Jeff saw a glint in her eye as she reached out, her hand closing around his bobbing erection. She looked deep into Jeff's dark eyes as she pulled him nearer, until the swollen head of his cock rested one her lips. Jeff felt the tip of Annie's tongue flicker against the underside of his thick cock as she slid the 7 inches against her full bottom lip and chin, his balls hanging over her face. 

Jeff reached down, his strong hands massaging Annie's smooth skinned shoulders. She took his cock head between her soft lips as his hands eased down her chest to fondle her firm breasts. His fingers felt every inch of creamy skin as they danced over her breasts, from the lowermost curves to the smoothly swelling sides, teasing her nipples, gently pulling at them, making them stiffen further. Annie moaned slightly, buzzing against the head of Jeff's cock as she sucked on it. Annie opened her legs, then pressed the soles of her small feet together, her knees bent, thighs wide apart. Jeff gazed lovingly at the tiny, copper red heart Annie had shaved in her pubic hair just above her clitoris. His hands drifted over her flat stomach. He could already see the skin around her crotch shining from her arousal, and felt the wetness on his fingertips as the gently stroked around her opening, careful not to touch her most intimate places. 

Annie moaned again, and Jeff felt himself slide further into her deliciously warm mouth as he leant forward, letting his hands slide teasingly over her thighs and calves, until they closed around her slim ankles. He lifted her feet, and softly licked and sucked Annie's delicate toes. Jeff knew that this turned Annie on immensely, and he felt the proof instantly as her muffled groaning vibrated through his stiff member. Annie's hands gripped Jeff's buttocks and pulled him forward. Jeff felt Annie's cute nose against his balls as she finally took him deep into her throat. 

He slowly kissed her small feet. He kissed and licked her slender calves, and the insides of her knees. He felt the muscles of her shapely thighs move under her smooth skin against his lips as she spread her legs wide. Jeff's tongue teased the crease where her thighs joined her crotch, tasting the juices leaking freely from her. He felt Annie's mouth working more around his shaft, the tongue lapping softly, her cheeks pulling in as she sucked harder. Her hands stroked down the back of Jeff's legs, the muscles taut as he leant forward over her head and body. He slowly lowered his mouth to his wife's crotch, letting his tongue glide around her lips, tantalizing the gorgeous redhead. He loved how she tasted, and the way she responded as he pressed his mouth to her hairless mound. Her hips tilted up, giving him better access to her. 

Annie started to groan continuously around his cock as his mouth caressed her, his tongue slipping slightly between her lips, then licking along the length of each. As she sucked harder, his tongue probed deeper. Jeff moaned as he felt Annie rub between his balls and ass. She was eager for him to cum now. Wanting the same for her, Jeff tilted his head, and his active tongue found her budding clitoris. Her body jumped slightly under him as his mouth found her most sensitive of places. He alternated between mouth and tongue, his lips closing around the bud to suck on it, his tongue circling slowly before rapidly flickering across it. Her hips began to buck slowly up to his face. Jeff felt his orgasm building at the base of his erection. 

He continued to mouth Annie's sensitive clitoris, now using a single finger to stroke along her lips. He eased the finger inside of her, hooking it up to find her g-spot. He massaged it even as his tongue caressed the pink bud of Annie's clitoris. He felt her begin to clench around his finger, and her breath came in short, hot gasps against his cock. Unable to hold back any longer, Jeff came, grunting into Annie's crotch as his cock exploded in her mouth, pouring his thick load down her throat, balls twitching on her nose. She gulped hungrily, while Jeff continued his licking and stroking. Annie's legs jerked, and she cried out around the softening cock still in her mouth. Her hips bucked, pressing her mound against his mouth. Jeff felt his wife's petite body lift under his, and felt her juices wash over his hand and tongue. 

He stood, and then lay beside her, offering his slicked hand to her. She smiled dreamily, sucking his finger clean before kissing him. He could taste her tongue, and the faint trace of her juice, and his own cum. He hugged his petite wife tightly, feeling her warm, gracefully curved body against his. They lay together in the warm afterglow of their orgasms. 

Soon though, Annie was ready for more. She rolled onto her front, and drew her knees up under her stomach, lifting her round, taut ass into the air. She looked to the side to where Jeff lay, and the look in her eyes told him what it was she wanted. He moved behind her, and planted kisses along her smooth back. He concentrated on the small of her back, his tongue tracing the shape of the abstract celtic pattern tattooed there. His mouth wandered lower until the tip of his extended tongue rested at the top of the crease between her firm buttocks. Annie wiggled her taut ass, egging Jeff on. He could feel the smoothness of her pale skin under his hands as he took the round globes of her buttocks in his hands. He slowly, gently, parted them, exposing the puckered rose hidden inside. He pressed his face against his wife's buttocks, and his tongue circled. She moaned slightly. Jeff licked along between Annie's buttocks then returned to circling her pink rosebud. As the gentle movements relaxed her, Jeff slipped the tip of his tongue into her. She whimpered as his tongue slowly twisted inside her. He moved his face down, dipping his tongue between her lips, tasting her fresh arousal. 

He knelt up behind her, his hands slipping from her buttocks to the curves of her hips. Jeff slowly stroked the head of his new erection against her crotch, the very tip nestling between her lips. She murmured and slowly circled her hips as Jeff eased the head into her. He moved slowly until every inch was inside Annie, her hips still circling. He started thrusting, his thick cock sliding in and out of the tight grip of Annie's warm, wet pussy. Annie rocked, forward when Jeff pulled out, back as he pushed in, and they found a gentle rhythm together, feeling each other. They gradually increased the pace until Jeff's balls were swaying, and they bumped together hard, his hips banging against her ass. Her moans grew louder, her breath ragged. Jeff groaned, his hands holding Annie's hips tightly. 

Suddenly Annie stopped, making Jeff pause. Still keeping Jeff inside her, Annie slowly rolled onto her back. Jeff groaned at the feeling of her rotating on his shaft. She pulled her legs wide open, her small hands hooked behind her knees. 

Jeff looked into her dark sapphire eyes as he resumed his thrusting. Every thrust made her firm breasts bounce. Annie had her full lower lip caught between her white teeth. The look of ecstasy on his wife's face was almost too much, and Jeff slowed, lowering one hand to tease her clitoris. He tweaked the fleshy bud, and watched as Annie's face screwed up with the intense feelings coming from her crotch. He slowly drove into her, still stroking and tweaking her clitoris. He saw her toes curl, and knew she was close. With his erection buried inside her, he pushed a finger in alongside it. Annie's deep blue eyes rolled as she cried out, her pussy clenching tightly around Jeff's cock and finger. Her whole body shook, a red flush on her cheeks and chest. Jeff stayed completely still as the aftershocks of her orgasms began to subside. Just when Annie had uncurled her toes, Jeff thrust once more, his balls lifting as he came. Annie gasped as the thick jets pulsed inside her sensitive pussy, and groaned throatily, another small orgasm shuddering her body. Jeff lay between Annie's open legs. His mouth found hers, and he slowly kissed her, folding her in his arms until they both fell asleep, flushed with the warmth of their love making, surrounded by the sweet musky scent of sex.