 Here I sit in my favorite diner. Everyone has one. Tables and chairs that have seen better days, booths covered in cheap red vinyl. An aging Jean Harlow types waitress. Serving cup after cup of coffee. Garish red lipstick on her aging cracked lips her bleach blonde hair dry and frizzy. A plastic nametag pinned to the lapel of her Pepto-Bismol pink uniform. 

My waitress is named Dani. Short for Danielle? I don't know. I've never asked.

This morning she greets me the same way she always does, "Mornin' Hon...just coffee today?" It's kind of a redundant question cause she knows all I ever have is coffee. From the smells that come out of the kitchen, ingesting the food would probably be lethal. "Yes please, Dani" I reply, Smiling at her.

I sit in my regular booth, the one in the back corner. It faces the door. Allowing me see everyone come and go. We get all types here. The commuters, taking their coffees to go in the little styrofoam cups with the perpetually leaking lids. The 'keep it coming drinkers' who practically guzzle cup after cup and keep the pot forever in Dani's capable hands. The paper readers like me, who sip and savor. In no rush. Lost in their own worlds. 

But today is different. 

Today you come in. 

I notice you right away. What red-blooded female wouldn't? Your body wrapped in black Italian silk. Broad shoulders, long legs, tight ass. Your physique defined by the soft material of your suit. I have the sudden urge to bite my fist like you see them do in the movies.

You sit opposite me. Spreading the paper out before you, a slight clink of the diner's cheap china as you flip your cup over for Dani. I hear your deep voice above the noise in the diner, "Just coffee please...no cream...no sugar" 

"None of that fancy stuff, eh Hun" Dani laughs lightly, winking at you as she pours you a cup. You grin up at her playfully. Nodding your head in agreement, as she moves on.

"With a voice like that baby, you don't need sugar." I think to myself and chuckle. Knowing I would never have the gumption to actually say something like that to you.

I watch you drink. Sipping slowly. Savoring every drop. Your blonde hair falling forward over your eyes as you read. Your wide shoulders hunched over slightly. Your foot tapping out some unknown tune that only you could hear. My gaze moves down your body. I feel the first stirrings of arousal travelling through me. 

You glance up at me. I actually jump a bit as you catch me staring. Your intense green eyes crinkle at the corners as you give me a quick, polite smile. Showing me a flash of your perfect white teeth. I look away quickly and blush, intimidated by you. Too shy and too self-conscious to hold your gaze or smile back. "Way out of your league, girl" I murmur to myself. Looking at my reflection in the mirror behind Dani's counter. I try to see myself through your eyes. 

I'm plain. There is no other word for how I look. My mousy brown hair tied back into a ponytail. My blue eyes too small and spaced a little too far apart. A light spattering of freckles across the bridge of my slightly upturned nose. Medium sized bust. Hips a bit too wide across and legs entirely too chunky complete the package. And then of course, there is my attire. Faded blue jean cutoffs, worn sneakers and my tight white T-shirt that proudly proclaims to the world in big bold black lettering, 'Nobody Knows I'm Elvis' 

Men that look like you do usually pay no attention to girls who look like me. I see you with the lingerie model type. A Barbie doll incarnate. Blonde and beautiful. Legs up to here. Boobs out to there. Perfect smile. Perfect hair. Designer wardrobe. The complete opposite of me and my cleaning the house on Saturday look.

I take a deep breath and sneak a peek at you again. Your lush lips pressed against the edge of the cup, your Adam's apple bobbing slightly as you swallow. Your eyes moving quickly over the page in front of you. I wonder what it would be like to kiss someone like you. To run my hands over your body. To make you mine. I stare into my swirling coffee and in my mind I see us together. 

I lead you into my bedroom. There are lit candles everywhere, the smell of vanilla in the air. I slowly undress you, brushing my lips against the heated skin of your neck. My fantasy self in control. Uninhibited. Confident. 

I remove your coat. Unbutton your shirt. Slowly revealing your body bit by bit. Licking then biting gently on your nipples, moving down your torso. Kissing and taking little tastes as I go, savoring you. Swirling my tongue into your bellybutton. Nibbling your hipbones. Teasing and playing watching your cock get harder and harder. Pushing your pants over your hips and down your long legs, having you step out of them. 

Standing again to kiss you, a long, slow kiss, sliding my tongue against yours. Enjoying your taste, the way you smell, rubbing my body against yours. I take your hand and lead you to a chair, placed at the end of my bed. I push you back into it. Reaching down I retrieve 2 black scarves, securing one hand.... Then the other to the arms of the chair. Making sure you can't move. 

I stand just beside you, slowly take my clothing off. Watching you. Then I sit just in front of you on the bed. Our knees almost touching as I spread my legs. Giving you a teasing glimpse of my nether lips. Slipping my finger into my mouth, still watching you. Sliding my finger out of my mouth and tracing it down my body, over my chin, down my throat. Brushing lightly over the crest of my breast. Just barely touching my nipple, circling slowly. Getting it very wet. Blowing lightly across it so you can watch it pucker. Lifting my other breast to my mouth I flick my tongue out, wetting the other nipple. Blowing over that one too. 

My nipples hard I wet my finger again moving it down between the valley of my breasts. Over my stomach, then through the strip of hair above my pussy. Spreading my legs wider. I run it over my sex, pushing between my glistening lips and gently into myself. Bringing that moisture up I use it as lubrication as I brush my finger against my clit. Moaning as I make contact. I bring my feet up onto the bed. Bending my knees. Opening myself completely to your gaze. 

Reveling in my boldness...in my courage. A small smile on my lips as I show you how I touch myself. One finger brushing lightly over my clit...feather light then harder...slow at first then faster. Moving down every so often and pushing in to myself. One finger, Then two. My hips moving against my hand. I arch my back. So close to orgasm. My skin flushed and slick. Moaning loudly as my body shudders. I cum hard lifting my hips off the bed, to meet my hand. My eyes shut tightly as I move it deeper and faster inside me. Feeling my own internal muscles clench around my fingers. My pussy spasms, squeezing them inside me. 

My body settles and then relaxes. 

I reach over and rub my wet fingers against your lips. Pushing them inside your mouth. Feeling your tongue moving over my fingers, nipping playfully at them. I lean in and kiss you, tasting myself on your tongue. I drop to my knees in front of you, your hands now clenched into tight fists. I notice you tugging every so often as I lean forward. You are watching me intently as I brush my lips over the tip of your cock. Blowing gently on it. Licking down your shaft. Running my tongue over your balls, nipping at them gently with my lips. Flicking my tongue lightly over your ass. Probing as I watch your face. 

Moving back up your shaft. Trailing little licks and kisses. Little nibbles. Circling the head of your cock with my tongue, just below the ridge...lightly... making you crazy. 

I place my lips against the tip. Suck it slowly into my mouth then stop, your moans fill the room as I wrap my hand around the length of your cock. I start to stroke you. Sucking hard, just the tip inside my mouth. My hand moving along your length. Then I slide you all the way into my mouth. Drawing you in hard and moaning as I feel you twitch. You're talking to me. You seem to know it really turns me on. Saying wonderfully naughty things. "I love the way your lips look sliding all over my cock...that's it, suck it harder...Does that make your pussy wet?...How do you taste baby?... I can't wait to feel your tight little cunt squeezing around my cock." 

You're making me crazy. Making me want you more and more until I can't take it anymore. I need to have you inside me. 

I move up and straddle your hips. Taking a hold of your cock and rub it against my pussy, grinding it against my clit. Getting my juices all over you. I lean in for a kiss as I guide you into my body. Sinking down on your shaft slowly. Moaning into your mouth as you fill me. 

I take you inside my body then stop with you buried to the hilt. Rolling my hips gently as I kiss the hell out of you. Sucking your tongue into my mouth. Nibbling your lips. Devouring you. My hands moving over your body, trying to touch you everywhere. I break away, burying my face in the hollow of your throat, still kissing and nipping. Moving up your neck to your ear. Taking your lobe between my teeth. Moving very slowly. Rocking. Riding you. Then starting to move a bit quicker. My feet flat on the floor. My hands running up your arms. Using your shoulders for leverage, digging my nails into you. I move up and down. Faster and harder, my pelvis slams against yours. My hard nipples rubbing against your chest. 

Leaning back so you can see your cock moving in and out of me. My orgasm hits me hard. My body stiffens. Squeezing you deep inside me as I shift my hips, prolonging my pleasure. My muscles milking you. Little spasms gripping your cock as it moves in and out of me. Leaning up I whisper in your ear, "C'mon baby.... cum for me .....I want to feel you explode inside me." Biting gently on your lobe. Moaning in to your ear. "Oh baby, you feel so good." 

I hear you moan loudly as you cum. Feel your cock throb inside me. Your hips lifting my feet off the floor. I cum again. This time with you. Our juices mixing and dripping down onto you as I tremble and contract. My muscles gripping you deep inside me. Rocking and squeezing you until my body relaxes and I collapse against your warm chest. I feel your cock soften and slowly withdraw from my body as our breathing returns to normal. I reach down and untie your hands. You close your arms around me. Stroking my back as I lean in and kiss you softly.....

"Refill Hon?" Dani's voice cuts through my daydream like shattering glass. Snapping me back to reality. "Hello?.... Darlin' are you okay? ...you look kinda flushed."

I blink at her once....twice...shake my head to clear my thoughts and take a deep breath. "Oh...yes, I'm fine.... Just tired that's all." I manage to get the words out. I know my face is bright red. My breathing uneven. My heart racing.

I glance over at you again. You're smiling at me. A glint in your green eyes and a sly grin on your face that reminds me of the smile that the Cheshire cat gave to Alice. 

This time, I smile back. Thinking to myself...maybe.... Just maybe you might like your women the same way you like your coffee. 

With none of that fancy stuff.