 I got pregnant in high school and had my daughter Beth the day before my 18th birthday. I got married to her father John and we’ve been together for 18 years now. As the years have gone by my husband has become less and less interested in sex with me. We can go weeks at a time without having sex. This isn’t nearly enough for me, so I have been masturbating two or three times a day for the past few years.

At 36 I stay in pretty good shape, I’m five foot four, and I don’t weigh an ounce over the 125 pounds I weighed in high school. I’d say that I look pretty good, I have long strawberry blonde hair, a tight ass and my chest is a respectable 34 C. 

I work hard to stay in shape, every morning I go for a five mile run, and it was after one of these runs that I finally got what I’ve been needing.

It was Saturday morning and John was already at work and Beth was at the mall with her friends. That left me alone with Beth’s boyfriend Jake. He is a regular overnight guest at our house, and he and I have become friends.

I had just gotten back from my run and I decided to wake Jake up to see if he wanted some breakfast. The door to Beth’s room was open a little so I pushed it the rest of the way open and stepped into the room. The sight before my eyes was breath taking; Jake was asleep on the bed. He was naked and the covers had been tossed aside. 

I knew Jake was attractive, but not until that moment had I looked at him as anything other than my daughter’s boyfriend. Something was different now, maybe it was the length of time since the last time I had sex or maybe it was the length of Jake’s cock, but I saw him in a whole new light, he was a man. From my vantagepoint at the door I could guess that his cock had to be at least eight inches as it lay sleepily on his thigh.

I decided to take a chance and get a closer look and I stepped lightly into the room. I made it to the edge of the bed and I looked down on that glorious piece of flesh. I was overcome with an urge to touch it and before I could stop myself I was on the edge of the bed with my right hand gently caressing the tender flesh of the limp cock.

It felt so soft and warm in my hand that I grew bolder and began stroking Jake’s cock. Jake was still asleep but his cock was waking up fast and I could feel it growing in my hand. Soon it was rock hard and I was stroking up and down the length of what was now the nine-inch erection belonging to my daughter’s boyfriend.

I stared mindlessly at the long thick shaft and the bulbous head as my tiny hand stroked up and down the entire length. I knew that Jake would certainly wake up if I kept stroking his cock but yet I could not pull my hand away. 

I was in over my head and I knew it, if I stopped and Jake woke up how would I explain it to John and Beth, if I went as far as I wanted to how would Jake react. It didn’t take long to find out. 

I nearly fell off the bed as Jake groaned.

“That feels good baby, what’s the occasion?” Jake asked.

I was stunned and I stopped stroking his cock. The look on his face as he opened his eyes could only be topped by the look on my face as I was caught stroking his dick.

“Mrs. Walsh…what are you doing?” Jake asked.

“I’m sorry Jake. I couldn’t help myself. It’s been so long since I’ve seen a big beautiful cock like this that I just couldn’t resist touching it. Please don’t tell Beth.” I said.

“Don’t worry I won’t tell her, she’d find a way to blame it on me.” Jake said.

“I’m happy that this can be our little secret Jake, and again I apologize, I certainly didn’t mean to wake you up.” I said.

“Don’t apologize for that, I couldn’t think of a better way to wake up. Well I suppose finishing the job would be better but half a handjob isn’t bad.” Jake said.

“Jake, we will have the house to ourselves all morning and I am very willing to finish what I’ve started, but only if you will take care of me too.” I said.

“Connie, I’ve wanted to fuck you since the seventh grade. If you want to do this I’m game.” Jake said.

“I don’t want it, I need it Jake.” I said.

“Then get those clothes off and I’ll fuck you to your little heart’s content.” Jake said.

Excited about finally getting a proper fuck I ripped my shirt and bra off and yanked my running shorts and panties to the floor. I still had my socks and running shoes on as I climbed onto the bed and straddled Jake’s face.

I lowered my dripping eager pussy onto his face and right away I was in heaven, as Jake knows just how to eat pussy. His cock looked even bigger as I lowered my face towards it.

While he slurped at my pussy I went back to stroking Jake’s cock as I sucked the head into my mouth as well as licking up and down the shaft and licking and sucking on his balls.

I had never been able to deep throat my husband’s cock but I made myself a promise that I was going to take every bit of Jake’s gigantic cock in my throat.

It took me awhile and I gagged a few times but eventually I was able to get it all down my throat. Jake let out an appreciative groan and concentrated his tongue on my clit. It was enough to send me over the edge into my first of many orgasms that morning.

Not long after I came down from my orgasm I felt Jake’s body tense up as he reached his own orgasm. I pulled my mouth off of his cock far enough so that each delicious drop of his cum spurted into my mouth. I swallowed every drop like a whore and was thirsty for more, but I had to have him inside me.

I stood up on the bed and looked down at Jake eagerly stroking his cock to keep it hard for me as he stared up at my body. I lowered myself down until the head of his cock was against my pussy. I lowered myself down so that the head disappeared into my pussy, then I slowly inched myself down determined to take all of it.

Jake reached up and caressed my breasts as I slowly raised and lowered myself on his cock. He pulled me down so that he could suck on my nipples but I was still able to thrust up and down on that amazing dick of his.

He started to move his pelvis to meet my thrusts and our pace increased and soon we were in a dead sprint to see who could make the other cum first. I leaned back so that I could have a better angle to ride him.

We were both getting close and we knew it. My orgasm started first but Jake wasn’t far behind and I slammed down hard on him as his balls emptied into my pussy.

I looked down at him and the look of satisfaction on his face was priceless. I leaned down and kissed him.

“Thank you, you don’t know how much I needed that.” I said.

“Thank you for making my dreams come true.” Jake said.

I got off of him and lay beside him on the bed while we caught our breath. I couldn’t help but notice that his erection was not going away.

“Well aren’t you just a little miracle.” I said taking his cock now well lubed by my pussy juices back in my hand.

“What do you think Jake, are you up for some more? No sense letting a hard on like this go to waste right?” I asked.

“Right, but this time I’m gonna do the work. Get on your knees so I can do you from behind.” Jake said.

I was still so turned on that within a minute I was having an orgasm. Jake was young but he was obviously experienced because I could feel him building towards his own orgasm but then he’d slow down and work back up to it.

I had three more orgasms as he pounded me from behind and groped my tits before he finally erupted and shot another steaming hot load of cum deep into my pussy.

Exhausted Jake collapsed down onto my back and wrapped his arms tightly around me his cock still at maximum depth.

“You have a gorgeous ass Connie, would it be alright if I fucked your ass?” Jake asked.

I had only given my husband anal sex for special occasions like his birthday or Valentine’s day, and I hadn’t enjoyed it very much, but I couldn’t say no to this 18 year old stud.

“Of course you can, just lube me up good first.” I said.

“What should I use as lube?” Jake asked.

“Try spit.” I suggested.

Jake pulled himself off of me and his hands felt warm as they pried the cheeks of my ass apart. I had been expecting Jake to spit on my asshole so when I felt his tongue against it I shivered. The sensation was incredible, unlike anything I’d ever felt before, but all too soon it was over. Jake felt that he had me properly lubricated so he pulled up behind me.

I felt the head of his cock against my ass, but then it was against my pussy again and being pushed deep inside.

“Jake honey, I think you missed.” I said.

“No, I’m going to fuck your ass, I figured I’d lube my cock up in your pussy first to make it easier.” Jake said.

After a few quick strokes in and out of my pussy Jake’s cock was glistening with wetness. He then placed the head of his cock against my ass and began to push in.

I groaned as the head forced my tiny little sphincter open and jumped inside. Jake stopped for a minute to let me adjust, then he slowly pushed his way further and further into my ass. I didn’t think there was any way that I could stand having his entire length in my ass but I took all of it.

Jake was much slower in his movements in my ass; the rhythm of his in and out strokes was very deliberate. He knew exactly what pace he had to keep to keep himself hard but prolong his orgasm as much as possible.

I had no such limitations so I was rubbing my clit and jamming four fingers in my pussy as fast as my hands would move. I had three more orgasms by masturbating myself while Jake was thoroughly enjoying my ass.

When Jake was getting close to his climax he sped up and made a request.

“I want to cum in your mouth again.” Jake said.

“I’ll suck you off as soon as you’re done with my ass.” I said.

“No I don’t want to cum in your ass, I want to get close and then cum in your mouth.” Jake said.

“Oh, okay, just tell me when.” I said.

I didn’t really want to take his cock in my mouth straight out of my own ass, but again I just couldn’t refuse this young man.

When he was close he pulled out; I turned around and took his cock into my mouth. Within seconds he spurted forth what would be his last load of cum for the day. I swallowed it all like it was the greatest treat on the planet.

Jake collapsed back onto the bed but his cock still stood proud.

“Do you mind if I try to get myself off on your cock some more?” I asked.

“Be my guest. I don’t have any idea how much longer he’ll last but he’s yours until he’s gone.” Jake said.

Again I lowered myself down onto Jake’s erection and I put my runners legs to work it was a sprint to the finish, I was determined to make myself cum on that wondrous cock as many times as I could before that remarkable erection went away.

In just under an hour I had five orgasms but I couldn’t bring Jake off anymore. He wasn’t disappointed though; I had him eat his cum out of my pussy. 

We showered together and cleaned up the room. We were sitting down to lunch when Beth got home.

“Hi guys what did you do this morning?” Beth asked.

“We worked out together, right Mrs. Walsh?” Jake asked.

“That’s right, and I think we’ll have to schedule another one on one workout soon.” I said.

“I look forward to it.” Jake said.

“This is great, my mom and my boyfriend getting along so well, I’m a very lucky girl.” Beth said.

I’m not sure she knows how lucky she is, Jake is the first guy she’s slept with, it took me a long time to find Jake and she found him on the first try. Another thing she doesn’t know is that from now on she’s sharing Jake with mommy.