 The waiter took us to our table. Once we were seated, he handed us the menus.

"Would you care to see the wine list?" He asked.

"Yes," you told him.

While you looked over the list, I slipped off one of my shoes and began rubbing my foot up your leg. I kept looking at my menu and moved one of my fingers to the corner of my mouth. When I slowly stuck my finger in my mouth, my foot lightly touched your dick.

You quickly mumbled something to the waiter and he left. I slid my finger in and out of my mouth and looked up from my menu to see your face.

"I think I'll have the fettuccini alfredo. What'll you have?" I asked you.

"I think you know what I want," you told me as you looked from me to your crotch where my toes continued to tickle your dick. 

At that moment the waiter returned, opened the wine, and said, "Are you ready to order?"

"We'll both have the fettuccini alfredo," you told him hurriedly. 

You poured our wine and I motioned to you I wanted to toast.

"To us. May tonight be one of our most memorable nights and may we not save the best for last."

With that I took the glass slowly to my lips and sipped a bit. I sat my glass back down and rubbed my finger around the rim of my glass. I dipped my finger into it and stuck my finger back into my mouth, sucking it in and out in the same motions I rubbed your dick back and forth.

We were on our second glass of wine when the food arrived. My foot continued its torture of your dick.

As soon as the waiter left, I saw my chance and mouthed, "I'm not wearing any panties."

I could feel your dick get even larger if that was possible. You sat your napkin on the table and told me you would be back in a second.

As soon as you reached the bathroom door, I hurriedly followed you in. I knocked lightly on your stall door.

"Someone's in here," you told me.

"I know," I said seductively.

With those two words, you unlatched the door. I slid in and locked it behind me.

I put my arms around your neck and began kissing your lips. My tongue darted in and out of your mouth. I moved my hands lower and unbuttoned your pants. I then slid them down your legs and I slightly nudged you to sit on the toilet, my lips never leaving yours.

I reached down and stroked your throbbing dick several times before ending the kiss. I straddled your legs and lowered my wet and waiting pussy to your dick.

As soon as I took you all the way in, the bathroom door opened. I quickly lifted my legs and put my feet on the wall, grabbing your shoulders for support. We heard a man unzip his pants and begin peeing.

You took advantage of my inability to move. You reached down and began rubbing my clit. To keep from crying out, I bit my finger. You started rubbing hard and fast, then soft and slow. 

You then inserted your finger into my pussy as the man flushed. I couldn't hold it in any longer and a moan escaped my lips as he flushed and my juices ran down your hand. The swirling of the water drowned out my moan.

As soon as the bathroom door closed, I lowered my legs and began my assault on your dick by moving up and down. I rode you fast and hard. You began thrusting up to meet me. I could tell you were about to cum. 

I leaned forward and took your bottom lip between my teeth and lightly nibbled on it before sliding my tongue inside. You went over the edge and thrust up one final time as you came.

We both sat there and hugged in an embrace for what seemed like hours. In reality, we were in the bathroom for less than five minutes.

I stood up, straightened my dress, and helped you to your feet.

As soon as you fastened your pants, you washed your hands and walked out. I waited a couple of minutes and did the same. No one saw me leave.

Our food was still warm, when we arrived back at the table. When we were almost finished with our meal, the waiter stopped at our table.

"Care for any of our dessert?" The waiter asked. "We have several items to choose from."

"I think I've had just about all the dessert I can handle for one meal" you told the now puzzled waiter.

We both just smiled.