 Erin didn't know what she was doing. She famously had a one track mind, and he had been on her mind all week. But even she had to admit that this was crazy. She had only spoken to this guy once on the phone. And yet, here she was. Outside his door. At 10 o'clock at night. Crazy. Bat shit crazy. This is how you're gonna die Erin. She said to herself. And your obituary is gonna say that you deserved it for being so stupid. She took a deep breath in, and held it, feeling a slight burn in her lungs from the cold night air. She knocked on the door. 

She kept her eyes down, trying to work out what her opening line was gonna be. How do you flirt again?! What can I say that isn't gonna make me sound like a crazy person?! The door opened, Erin looked up. Rich stood there for a couple of moments, and then shock and recognition swept across his face. His mouth hung open, eyes wide, speechless. 

'Hey' Erin said sheepishly. 'I know this is weird, and I'm sorry to drop by so unexpectedly, but I...' she looked deep into his eyes, 'I just wanted to see you.' 

'Err...yeah! Of course! Come in!' he stepped back and invited her in. 

They stood in slight awkwardness for a minute, both of them unsure what to do next. He just looked at her up and down, seemingly still lost for words. Her mind raced as to what was going to happen. He finally found some words. 

'So what do you wanna do? We can just hang out and watch some TV, or talk, or -'

Erin cut him off by pressing her lips against his. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in deeper into the kiss. He felt her soft lips open and the tip of her tongue touch his lips. He reciprocated and the passion rose in both of them. They breathed each other in, taking huge gulps of air, as their tongues caressed each other. Erin felt the electricity tingle all through her body, as his hands stroked her back and started to reach beneath her top. He just wanted to feel her skin. So soft, so smooth, so incredible. She was more than he ever imagined, and things had only just started. 

Rich thought about everything that he had been fantasizing about her. It was all gonna happen. It was all gonna happen now. He could feel heat rushing through his body, as his mind was being flooded with sensations from just stroking her gorgeous back. He couldn't wait to have more. His hands moved up to her blouse and he started to fumble at her buttons. He reluctantly had to break the kiss so he could concentrate on unwrapping her.

Erin took in his face as he peeled off her shirt, and he gets to finally see her breasts, in person. They were heaving with her heavy breaths and practically spilling from the cups of her bra. She wasted no time and uncoupled the clasp on her back to set them free. 

'Wow. You're so incredible,' Rich marvelled at the shape and form of her naked torso. He had seen it so many times in all of the photos that she sent him, but even now, his breath was taken away seeing them. Erin could see that his brain had basically stopped, just stunned by her bust. So she lifted his chin, and kissed him gently, while taking his other hand and placing it on her left breast, squeezing it with him. Something stirred deep in him. He grabbed the small of her back and pressed her against his stiffening erection. They paused. Nothing was said, he just took her hand and lead her upstairs, into his bedroom. 

Erin pushed him onto the bed and climbed on top of him, straddling him. And as the kiss continued, she rubbed against his crotch, her skirt pooling to hide the indecent display. He grabbed her thighs that are wrapped around his hips and he could feel the goosebumps rise beneath his fingertips. He ventured further up her skirt, looking for her knickers. Expecting soft cotton, or even maybe a sultry silk. Further and further his hand went up; skin, skin, more skin, and then... Soft hair. Hair?

'You're not wearing anything underneath are you?' Erin responded with a sly smile and she continued her grind against his hips. Fuck how are you so hot? He thought to himself, as he took her nipple into his mouth. 

Erin relished in the feel of denim against her clit, his hard lump wanting so badly to escape, pushing against her, getting steadily damper beneath her. Erin could feel her clit swell, begging to be rubbed harder, faster. She had no choice but to rock her hips faster and faster, as his teeth gently grazed her nipple, sending sharp, delicious pain through her chest. Her breaths had evolved into deep moans, resonating through her throat and lungs, and within moments she erupted into orgasm. 

Rich couldn't wait anymore. He pulled her close and flipped her onto her back. Her skirt had flown up, revealing that lovely wet pussy, flushed pink, slightly dripping with cream. He whipped off his t-shirt, casting it aside, followed by his jeans. His cock stood expectantly. But he looked at her, her hungry eyes, her hungry cunt. And before he could go into that beautiful space between her thighs, Erin spoke up. 'I really need that cock in my mouth, please can I suck your cock?' 

'Only if I can lick your pussy, beautiful.' 

She squealed excitedly as Rich moved into position on his back, letting his member stand proudly, and Erin straddled his face and moved her mouth over his shaft.

Her tongue ran down him as he filled her mouth and pushed into her throat. She took his full length, moving her head up and down slowly, coating him in her saliva. His tongue explored her folds, her lips, tasting her. He pushed inside her and lapped at her opening. Her hips vibrated in his hands as she pushed further onto his tongue. He thrusted up into her mouth as she grabbed the base of his cock, her hand following her mouth, pulling his foreskin further back. Her tongue swirled ever so slowly around his bulbous head, tasting the slightly sweet precum he was producing. 

Rich let out a long groan as she continued to suck. 'Your mouth feels so utterly perfect.' 

She did not answer but just sucked harder, lapped her tongue faster. So he slipped his fingers into her pussy, hooking them round. 

Erin was completely lost in the sensation of him in her mouth, loving the taste of his skin, the feel of the blood pumping, making his shaft hard. But she suddenly came to realise that his fingers were now inside her, and moving at incredible speed. She could feel something building inside her, a tension that was just desperate to release itself. She soon found herself screaming into his crotch in complete agonising ecstasy as a rush of blood and heat hit her head, making her feel faint. 

Rich was soaked. His hand was covered in her salty sweet juices. He loved making girls squirt, and this one was particularly amazing. Her pussy glistened in the soft light of the bedside lamp, and made her all the more enticing. He realised that she wasn't moving anymore, all of her muscles were limp. So he lifted her off and lay her down on her back. She seemed to purr gently. He kissed her gently on her slightly parted lips, and she kissed him back, wrapping her arms around his neck, and her legs around his waist.

They lost themselves in the kiss. Nothing mattered anymore. Nothing existed, just them and this kiss. 

Erin pulled his hips in close with her legs, easing his cock into her inviting cunt. As he pushed inside her, her gasp of air and eyes wide, she shuddered, feeling his girth fill her up. Rich savoured sliding in and out slowly, letting her feel every inch of him. He then achingly slowly pulled almost all of the way out of her, just his head being squeezed by her opening. And there he stayed, for what seemed like minutes. He could feel her get more desperate, trying to buck against him, wriggling and squirming, tempting him. Still he waited, holding down her wrists, until she goes still, and lets out a little whimper, pleading him to continue. 

He slammed into her, with full force, his full length. The shock made her scream in delight and he moved like a piston in and out of her glorious pussy. The heat, the friction was all too much. Sweat dripped from both of them, and the only thing they could hear was their breath, her moans and the wet slap of their flesh joining. 

Rich released her hands, moved onto his knees and ran his fingernails down her shins, making her quiver and moan even more. Deeper and deeper he went in, harder and harder.

'You feel so good Rich, you have no idea how much I've needed this!' 

'Oh I think I have some idea.' he chuckled as he went back to suckle on her tits while he fucked her. Erin ran her fingers across his back. Her nails digging in and scratching, encouraging him to go faster and faster with his thrusts. 

'God I need to cum soon,' he breathed into her ear. 

'Please, please cum on my arse, between my cheeks.'

'Fuck, it's like you read my mind.' 

Without hesitation he pulled out, and rolled her over onto her front, exposing her expansive behind. 

'Spread your cheeks for me Erin.' His hand was wanking his cock furiously. She obeyed, holding herself open, letting him see her tight little hole. Just looking at it, pushed him over the edge and he erupted. He steered his emission into her crack, squeezing her cheeks together, so they engulfed him, and he used them to pull the last of his pleasure out of him.

Erin loved the feel of hot cum there. It felt naughty, and yet safe. That's how she liked everything in her life. She thought that this was the perfect end to the hottest encounter she had had, but as she was relaxing from her numerous orgasms, she felt his wonderful tongue, lapping at her hole. He was licking his own cum off her, and soon his fingers had found her clit. She automatically moved onto her knees, her arse in the air, giving him better access. And within seconds she was climaxing. She screamed long and hard into his pillow, until she couldn't breathe. He let her collapse. 

She looked so incredibly gorgeous in his bed. He was so grateful that she was this crazy, turning up out of nowhere to fuck his brains out. But now she seemed to look so small, so vulnerable. So Rich lay down next to her and just held her, breathing her in. They both fell asleep, without dreaming. Because dreams were not needed when their fantasies had become reality.