 The woman was heavily pregnant, close to term, her belly roundly distended; it would be a big baby. It was a summer morning, warm in her bedroom as she lay naked on the bed, the sheet scrunched up at the bottom. Her husband had left for work an hour earlier, and she had dozed peacefully in the quiet house. Waking, she looked down her body - her ripe breasts standing proud, the skin taut and her areolae dark and enlarged, the nipples prominently erect; her belly blotted out everything below. The baby inside moved, then kicked; she smiled and caressed the spot gently. She felt relaxed and happy.

She reached into her bedside drawer and pulled out a bottle of baby oil, then drizzled some on her belly. She massaged it in with both hands, then drizzled some more on each breast. She let the oil trickle down the curve of her breasts for a moment, then began to caress them very lightly, smoothing the oil around them. They were tender and ached slightly, but she found it pleasurably distracting to have them touched. After several minutes of delicate fondling, she began to cup and squeeze them a little more firmly, gently pinching and pulling at her nipples; she loved to watch her hands as she did this.

She was quite turned on now, could feel the warmth and tension in her vulva and groin. Concentrating, she squeezed both breasts firmly at the base and slid her hands up; her milk oozed from her nipples. She squeezed harder and milk squirted up several inches in thin jets, falling back on her breasts and hands. She giggled and repeated the gesture, ignoring the tenderness as she squeezed and slid hard, sending milk spraying into the air. She pointed her nipples towards her head, and the milk fell back onto her face, some falling on her mouth; she licked her lips, then bent her head down and pulled her left breast up to her mouth. She was easily able to suck her nipple and areola in and suckled hard, relishing the warm flood of milk filling her mouth. She sucked greedily, swallowing the first mouthful, then released her nipple; the milk continued to squirt, spraying her face. Leaving the milk to trickle down her cheeks and nose, she repeated the process with her right breast. She wiped her face and breasts with her hands, massaging the milk into her skin.

By now feeling very horny, she lifted her knees up and reached round her belly with both hands to her vulva. She ran the tips of her index fingers along her labia; they were warm and puffy as she pulled them open. She teased both fingertips around the entrance to her vagina, lubricating them before sliding them inside. She pulled her vagina open, enjoying the stretching, wondering how it could possibly stretch to accommodate a baby's exit, then pulled her fingers out and drew them up alongside her clitoris, squeezing firmly along the firm button, tensing at the tingle of pleasure and drawing the hood back to expose it fully. Holding the hood back with two fingers of her left hand, she delicately caressed the exposed clitoris, so sensitive she couldn't do it directly for long. She let the hood slip back, then began to rub firmly around and over it; it only took a couple of minutes for her orgasm to build and overwhelm her. As she subsided, the baby kicked vigorously; she smiled softly and patted her belly.

'Sorry, little one, but I needed that.'

Might need another one in a few minutes, if you don't mind, she thought to herself. The orgasm had been immensely satisfying, but as she had reached her climax she had begun to fantasise and some rather juicy and guilty memories had flashed into her mind.

The housewarming party. Their friends, relatives and new neighbours, a mixed bunch of types and ages: the young couple from across the road, the two young women sharing the house next door (who her husband thought - later confirmed - were an item), their parents, his younger brother and his girlfriend, work colleagues. The booze had flowed freely and the atmosphere had been genial and friendly. They had mingled separately, flirting with varying degrees of intensity and seriousness as required or desired. In the kitchen, bodies pressed around her as she cut more french bread and hands grabbed it from the board. She had been aware of a firm, thinly-covered breast lingering purposefully against her bare upper arm and a hand resting lightly on her other hip. She looked round, it was the American girl from her husband's office. Tall, slim, a white lycra vest and floral miniskirt emphasisng her golden tan and athletic body; rich, wavy chestnut hair and a stunningly pretty face, a waft of Patchoulli.

'Hi. Great party.'

'Hi … Gemma. Glad you're enjoying yourself.'

Gemma was looking directly into her eyes, a naughty smile on her full lips; their heads were very close. She sipped from a glass of white wine. Sue was momentarily mesmerised by the tiny strand of spittle that briefly joined glass and lower lip and then by the delicate swipe of tongue that licked her lips.

'Need any help?'

'Er, no … well, I've got to get some more crisps and things from the garage.'

'Sure. Lead the way.'

Sue squeezed past some others talking animatedly about the latest political gaffe and slipped out the back door, Gemma close behind. 

'Stay close, the path's narrow.'

'Sure will.'

Sue felt her hand grabbed from behind and squeezed. Suddenly apprehensive, she had squeezed back and led the way down the path, dimly lit from the kitchen window. She reached the side door of the garage and Gemma bumped into her. As she released her hand to open the garage door, she felt Gemma's hands grasp her gently on the waist. She felt for the lightswitch, clicked it on and stepped inside, pulling Gemma with her. As soon as they were inside, Gemma turned her firmly around and pulled her close; responding to her kiss was instantaneous and instinctive. They stood snogging for several minutes, running their hands over each other's bodies. Gemma's hands were under her slip dress, kneading her naked buttocks, pulling them up and Sue onto her toes so that she could work her fingertips between her labia from underneath. Sue moaned softly against Gemma's mouth as she felt two fingertips probing inside her; her right hand was squeezing and caressing Gemma's left breast. Breathlessly she pulled away, rearranging her G-string.

'Oh Christ, Gemma, we'd better get back.'

Gemma was smiling hugely at her.

'Shucks. Just as we were getting started.'

'Well, we'll just have to stop.' She grabbed some big bags of crisps and nuts. 'Don't know what got into me.'

'Well, it was about to be me, honey. Take a raincheck?'

'Perhaps. No, what am I saying. No. I can't. Sorry.'

'Didn't you like it?'

'Yes, but, well, I … I don't go with girls. Sorry.'

'Sure as hell could'a fooled me honey, and if you haven't before it sure seems like you ought'a.'

'Er, can we just get back?' She bustled Gemma out of the door, switched off the light and led the way back towards the house. A hand slipped up her dress and squeezed her bottom.

'Stop it!' She hissed and giggled, trying to skip forward out of reach, but Gemma caught her and pinned her face-first against the back door. Crisps crunched between her and the woodwork as Gemma gently worked two fingers into her wet vagina.

'Oh God, stop!' She hissed, but didn't dare move in case she dropped her armful of snacks.

'What? Can't hear you with all that noise from the kitchen - hope the door doesn't burst open!' Gemma giggled softly into her ear. 'Open your legs a bit more.'

'No! Let me go!' But she was now gently working her hips on the probing fingers, and almost without thinking she shuffled her feet apart. A third, then a fourth finger was eased inside her; she groaned quietly. As they pushed into her, she felt Gemma's thumb push insistently into her anus. When she was fully impaled, she felt Gemma kissing and licking her buttocks.

'You are simply gorgeous, honey, I just can't wait to get you round to my place.'

Sue pulled herself urgently from Gemma's hand.

'Stop! We must go in!'

She opened the door and stepped inside, Gemma followed her. The kitchen was heaving with people, and she managed to dump the snacks on the worktop and push her way through to the hall. She almost raced up the stairs to the bathroom, avoiding people sitting on the stairs. In the bathroom she had a pee, dried her sopping vulva, resisting the temptation to masturbate, then splashed some cold water on her face. Back in control of herself, she opened the door to leave and was confronted by her brother-in-law pushing to get in. He slammed the door behind him.

'Sorry, desperate for a slash Sue.'

She stood with her back against the door, grinning at his broad back as he peed extravagantly into the toilet.

'Great party!'

'So I've been told.' She said ironically.

'So much horny totty - how d'you get so much?'

'Work mostly.'

He zipped himself up, washed and dried his hands as she watched him, so much like her husband. He came to her and pulled her to him, kissing her passionately. She didn't have a chance to put her hands up to resist, nor did she really want to. She realised he was unzipping himself, then felt his hands up under her dress, pulling her g-string down.

She managed to pull her mouth away from his.

'Graham … don't, please.' God, what's happening to me tonight?

He ignored her, lifted her up and entered her easily, her shoulders braced against the door. She gasped and tried to pull away, but he was holding her buttocks firmly.

'Oh God Sue, I've wanted you for so long.'

She said nothing, allowed herself to be fucked.

'This is hurting my back … stop - let me turn round.'

He pulled out of her and dragged her over to the basin. She stepped out of her knickers as he lifted her dress over her back and slid smoothly and deeply into her. She leant on the basin as he fucked her vigorously.

'You are an absolute bastard Graham,' she hissed 'you realise this is rape?!'

'Sorry … couldn't … help … myself.' He gasped between thrusts.

'But you just did! Now hurry up!' now relishing the pounding of his penis inside her, working her hips back against his thrusts.

He came inside her, and she could feel his penis jerking and his fluid squirting into her, with the sudden realisation that neither of them had any protection. He held himself against her, then slipped out. She pulled away from him, and once again wiped herself with tissue before retrieving her g-string.

'I'm terribly sorry, Sue … you won't tell Steve?'

'Don't be so pathetic, Graham, of course I won't.' She opened the door and slipped out - the hall was thankfully empty. She stuck her head back round the door.

'Next time you rape me, wait until it's a bit more bloody convenient.'

She headed back downstairs. The rest of the party had passed uneventfully. The next morning, Steve had been hungover, but she persisted, sucking him vigorously to erection as he lay coma-like, then rode his otherwise inert body to his climax, and three of hers as she masturbated thinking of the previous night's events. If she became pregnant, no-one need know …

As she lay on her bed, looking down at the dome of her belly, she smiled. Who was it? It didn't matter. She had enjoyed being 'raped' several more times by Graham, until she knew she was pregnant, and had been seeing Gemma at her flat every week since the party. What a party! She began to masturbate again, thinking of the first time Gemma had fucked her with her strap-on dildo. Her second orgasm was cataclysmic, and she fell quickly asleep, a thin sheen of sweat cooling her. She woke to her first contraction …