 This is a true story. However, for obvious reasons, people’s and place names have been changed. Any similarities are, therefore, a coincidence, and were not intended. It is drawn from my own experience.

It was about eight o’clock when she rang and hung up. She did that when she wanted to talk, but didn’t have credit on her phone. I rang her back.

“Hi, Dave? Sorry, I’ve no credit. Can you call over?”

“Sure, Niamh, no problem, I’m on my way.”

I grabbed my coat, it had been raining hard all day, and the wind was starting to pick up. It was mid-term, and most people had gone home to see their families, and, more importantly, “borrow” food and money. I knew what this was about. I’d been friends with Niamh since the first day of college just over a year ago. We met going into our first lecture, through a mutual friend. Since then, we’ve grown really close, and I count her as my best friend. Niamh hates being alone on a night like this. She was staying in her house, her house-mates having gone home for the week. I had decided to stay up as well; a few of my friends had decided the same, so it would be a good laugh. She never feels safe, so many’s the time when I’ve been rung at one in the morning to walk her home from a pub. I walked out of the row of houses, and into her estate, the two being connected. Inside two minutes, I was at her house. She answered the door with usual energy.

“Hi Dave!” she yelled as she hugged me. “Thanks for calling over! So, how are you?”

“I’m grand, Niamh. Not a bother.”

“Is the weather really bad?”

“No such thing as bad weather, just the wrong clothes.” She looked at me sarcastically. “But it is getting very wet and windy, if you can’t tell.” My coat was drenched. She took it, hanging it next to a heater. “And I think the drainage streams are rising. My house could be flooded.” Maynooth was notorious for flooding at this time of year. Every year for the last five, and still, the council refused to do anything about it.

“Again? Jesus, Dave, that’s, what, four, five years running now?” This was the kind of shit-chat that passed between us. We would talk for hours, about home, college, friends, and of course, love-lives. Hers was always the far busier, she could have men queuing up at her door, yet she always seemed to pick the biggest wanker of them all. One, who only lasted two weeks, is fair game for a dig at any opportunity. Rumours abounded of his questionable sexuality.

We were talking about one of her house-mates, who was as easy as the Daily Star crossword, when, at about half past ten, the lights and radio suddenly died. The power was gone, a black-out. We managed to dig out a candle. It wasn’t very big, and probably would last no more than an hour. I knew that my estate was on a different circuit, so I rang Pete. He said the power was gone there, but they’d enough candles and beer (hey, we are students after all!!) to get them through the night. I knew Barry was gone home for the week, so there would be a spare bed in my room. I offered it to Niamh, knowing she would like, but wouldn’t need, someone around.

“Could I? If you don’t mind, like. Would it be okay with the others?”

“Hey, you’re my best friend, I’m not going to leave you alone tonight, knowing the way you are” I assured her. “And anyways, that’s my beer they’re drinking! Come on, get your coat.” She grabbed a hat, coat and scarf. Then she went to put up the umbrella. I opened the door. The rain was so heavy; we couldn’t see the end of the driveway. The wind must have been gusting at close to 90mph. We just stared out the door. I turned to her and said “Right, come on. We’re not getting there by looking at it.” I turned to go, but just as I did a flash of lightning split the sky in front of us. The thunder sounded instantly. We were right in the middle of the storm. Even I was having second thoughts about continuing.

“You know what, Dave? We’re staying here.” I heard her say.

“That might not be a bad idea. Are you sure it’s okay with you?”

“Well, I’m not letting you go home in that! Christ, what if a tree fell on you? I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.” She grabbed me by the arm and slammed the door shut. We lit the candle, and talked. As the candle burned, the storm raged outside. It moved very little. I felt the room grow colder. Not just the room, the whole house.

“Niamh, what kind of heating have you got?”

“Well, it’s the pump that’s not working. No electricity to move the oil. Dave, I have something to ask you. Don’t get the wrong idea here, I like you as a friend only, like, but with no heat, I was thinking that maybe, shared body heat would keep us warm tonight?” Her voice had grown uneasy; she was nervous, unsure as to what I’d say. She started talking fast, like she does when she feels that way. “I mean, if you want to, but if you don’t its ok. I won’t be offended or anything if you don’t. Oh, shit, I’ve ruined our friendship now, haven’t I?”

“Niamh, no, it’s okay. We’ll sleep together, if that’s what you want.” I had actually needed no time to decide. I had been attracted to Niamh since the moment I met her. She was 5’8”, and was very thin. She had small breasts, but they were definitely there. I later realised she had a great ass. One that I could watch all day, if only I got the chance. But by far her best features were her legs. They seemed to go on forever. In truth, she was perfectly proportioned. I had often thought about asking her out, but I knew she didn’t like me like that, we’d joked about it often enough.

“Okay, but we’re only sleeping together. No sex, understand?” I knew she meant this, but the thought of waking up next to her was something I couldn’t resist. Even if that was all I’d be doing with her.

“I won’t start anything if you won’t” I joked. We moved upstairs to her room. Quickly, she grabbed her pyjamas and headed for the bathroom to change. I sat on her bed and shed my jeans and rugby shirt. I crawled into her bed in just a t-shirt and boxers, inhaling her scent from the sheets. I knew better than to try anything, I did actually want to be able to look her in the eye the next time we met. She came back in and dumped her discarded clothes in the washing basket next to her dresser.

“Are you sure you’re okay with this?” she asked again.

“It’s better than freezing to death, isn’t it?” I replied, throwing back the duvet to let her in. she scrambled in over me to the inside of the bed, anxious to avoid looking at my groin, not to mention brushing against it. Her pyjamas looked warm, pink with white animals all over them. Lying down on my left hand side, she rested her head on my shoulder, and went to sleep. Here I was, in bed with the girl I’d held a crush on for months, I could actually feel her small but firm breast resting against my ribcage. Needless to say, within minutes I was hard as a rock. My thick eight inch cock making a very definite tent in her blankets. God, I prayed she wouldn’t wake up just then. Or that she would, and find a use for the condition I currently found myself in. But she stayed asleep; I wrapped my arm around her, and drifted off.

The next morning, I woke first. I’m a light sleeper if I’m sharing a single bed. I looked at my watch, 08:23. I didn’t hear any rain outside. That’s when my senses returned: Niamh’s left hand was resting on my stiff prick, just the thin layer of my boxers between us. And her fingers had made a start on working their way through the gap in my underwear. I could feel the tips of them resting on my shaft. What’s more, her left leg was draped over mine, resting between it and my right leg. I was closer to heaven than I ever thought I would be. I couldn’t resist myself, gently so as not to wake her, I shifted my weight, sliding the fabric of my boxers out of the way. Her hand was now reaching through the fly in my shorts, resting on my fully erect dick. I couldn’t believe this. I was ready to feign sleep at any second, in case she woke up. I lay there motionless for what seemed like a full ten minutes, it felt like every last drop of blood was racing through my engorged member. Slowly, I reached down with my right hand, placing it over her left. I gently closed the fingers around my shaft. Feeling her small, soft hand close around me like that was one of the best sensations ever. Suddenly, she made a small noise, instantly I feigned sleep. I was worried I’d been caught. I lay there, perfectly still, trying to catch a glimpse from the corner of my eye of what she was doing. I felt her raise her head. She was awake! Had I been caught? My heart raced. What had I done? Why had I risked it? I thought of giving the game up and “waking”. Just then, I felt her hand draw back, still clutching my penis! I felt the covers being moved back, and her hand start slight stroking movements. Niamh was wanking me off. And, she was watching herself do it. I almost shot my load at the thought. Almost.

I opened my eyes. Niamh’s were fixed firmly on my prick. God, how I wanted her at that moment. I decided to see how far I could get. I moved my right hand up to her breast. She turned and looked me in the eye. 

“Oh shit, Dave. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to.” I silenced her with a gesture, and undid the top button on her pyjama top. “Dave, maybe you shouldn’t do that. I mean, who knows where it will lead.” I undid the next button. “Dave, did you hear me?”

“I’ll stop if you will.” Her hand was still clamped down on my dick, moving the foreskin lightly over and back across the head. I undid the next button and slid my hand through to play with her nipple. It was already hard as I ran my fingers over it. I didn’t get long to savour the moment. Her hand applied more pressure to my cock, and before I knew it, she was pressed into me, her tongue exploring my mouth. I kissed back, hard. I didn’t just want her now, I needed her. My hand had been forced from her breast when she jumped me, my watch catching the cloth of her top and ripping the remaining buttons through their respective holes. My right hand now descended, feeling the gentle curve of her waist, coming to rest on her ass. I squeezed gently, forcing a moan to escape her already occupied lips. By now, she had released me from her grasp and had moved herself on top of me, her weight pressing into me, her legs spread-eagled either side of mine and her cunt grinding into my cock, just her pyjama trousers and panties stood in the way.

I moved my hand up, and back down again, this time catching my fingers underneath the elastic of her pyjamas and the top of her g-string. I felt the silky skin of her ass. I took my time here. It had taken months to get my hand where it was, I wasn’t about to move it off now. But move on I did. I slid my hand down between her legs. I could feel her pubic hair brushing against my fingers. I found her slit and gently moved my finger up along it, moistening it in her juices.

“Dave, wait. Are you sure we should do this?” I found her entrance.

“I can’t think of a reason why we shouldn’t.” I circled her clit.

“Ooooooh, that feels good. But what if… mmmmm, oh god, yes!” I slipped the full length of my middle index finger into her. She plunged her tongue back into my mouth briefly. “I want your cock in my pussy, Dave. I want you to fuck me, I need you to fuck me. Fuck that feels good!” I now had a second digit in her and was stroking them in and out. She raised herself off me, looked down and wrapped her right hand round my member. “Get those fingers out and get this in.”

I needed no more encouragement. I lifted her up and swung her feet around so that they rested above my shoulders, with her effectively sitting on my groin. She raised herself and I grabbed her trousers and g-string ripping them up and off next to my head. I saw her bush for the first time. It was the same colour as her hair, neat and small, yet I doubt if she trimmed it. Now my turn. I raised myself and she dragged my boxers off me, down as far as my knees. With her left hand, she pointed my aching cock in to the air, rubbed it against her pussy lips, stopped and forced herself down onto it. I watched as five inches disappeared inside her. She grunted as I penetrated her. She raised herself up about three inches and plunged back down, repeating the process until I was buried in her to the hilt, her ass resting against my balls.

“Holy shit, you’re big.” She rocked her pelvis back and forth, grinding herself against me. It seemed like the bed would break, as it creaked under us. She placed her hands on my chest and pushed her self up off my rigid cock, slamming herself back down with as much force as she could muster. Up, down, in, out. We seemed to go on forever. I raised my right hand and cupped her delicate breast, pausing briefly, to twist her nipple. Her response was instant. “Christ, I’m… cumming!!!” she shook violently, her mouth open, eyes closed, back arching in pleasure. I wasn’t quite ready to join her in orgasm. Grabbing her hips, I swung her round on her back, my cock still inside her, so that now I was on top.

“We’re only getting started, Niamh, only getting started.” I drew myself out and thrust back in, slowly at first, gradually picking up the pace. She felt so hot, so tight, she was what I’d been chasing all last year, every girl I’d picked up in the local nightclub, nick named the g-spot, every girl I’d chatted up after tutorials or lectures, when this was the one girl I’d been chasing. She was building to another orgasm, I knew I would be joining her this time; I was aching to cum, to shoot my load deep inside her hot cunt. My thrusts were deeper and faster now, the pleasure almost unbearable. I could feel her juices leaking from her burning snatch, running down my leg, coating my balls. She was close, I could tell so easily. Her eyes were closed, her mouth open, her head thrust back, presenting her neck to me. I couldn’t resist, and kissed her there, gently running my tongue from her chin to the base of her neck, and on to her breasts, flicking over her hard nipples.

“Cum with me… Dave, cum…with…ME!!!!” She started a scream, only stifling it by biting into my ear. I felt her nails raking across my back, and more importantly, her pussy walls clench around my cock. It was too much, I had to cum. With one final thrust, I felt my balls tighten, and my hot cum flooding through my dick and deep inside her.

We lay next to each other for a moment, my receding cock slipped from her snatch. Her hand moved rapidly to it, stroking it gently, working me back to a state of semi-erection. I moved my left hand to her breast, toying nonchalantly with her nipples. I never thought I would get to see her like this, I knew it had been well worth the wait. She was kissing my chest now, her left hand playing with my sack. She kept moving down, flicking her tongue lightly over my skin, until I felt her place a kiss on the tip of my penis.

I looked down just in time to see her open her lips and take me in her mouth, her tongue caressing the head, causing flames to race through my groin. Within moments I was fully erect once more. But she didn’t stop there. This time she was going to taste me. Her hand was gripping the base of my shaft, her lips sealed over the head, her tongue playing, teasing the sensitive underside. It was the most intense feeling I had experienced. As amazing as her cunt was, it could not compare with the talents she held behind those lips. She briefly released me, licking her way down the shaft, and flicking over my sack. She took my left ball into her mouth, I was in heaven. Not once in all my fantasies, had I imagined it could feel this good. She switched to the right ball; I opened my mouth, but was unable even to moan. She was driving me wild; I couldn’t take much more of this. She worked her way back up my cock, pausing to kiss the tip. Then, she dived down the length of it, taking in as much as she could, before coming back up, repeating this several times.

“Oh, fuck, Niamh, I’m… so… close…” I struggled to get the words past my lips. On hearing this, she gripped the base of my cock, pulling her lips back to the head, and started to work her hand up and down. I didn’t need much more coaxing.

“Ugh”, I came copiously, shooting jet after jet of thick semen down my best friend’s throat. I just kept cumming, it seemed like I would never stop. Niamh certainly hadn’t expected so much. I heard her gag, and saw some of my seed seeping out the corner of those gifted lips. Finally, after what seemed like an age, the last of my cum trailed from my cock. She licked the last from the hole at the tip, before licking her lips, and wiping them free of whatever bodily fluids had rested on them.

She returned to me and laid her head on my shoulder.

“Wo…” I started to say something, but I was cut off mid-word.

“Don’t say anything, Dave. Just make sure you come back again tonight, ok?”