 *This is my first story, hope you enjoy*

* * * * *

It was Friday night. He'd come over after school, to just chill, hang out. They'd been friends for about 3 years and they both had a love for Art House films. They would spend hours together, watching movies, talking about movies. Allie had told him that her parents had gone away for the weekend so he said he'd come over. They ordered pizza, and sat on the couch together, watching the movie in silence. Comfortable silence. She could hardly pay attention to the movie, she fantasised about him. Naked. Stroking her body, kissing her neck, sucking on her nipples until she cried out in orgasm...she felt her body becoming heated at the thought. She crossed her legs and cleared her throat.

"What's wrong?" He was staring intently at her face, eyebrows raised, with a hint of inquisition and cheekiness. "Don't you like sex scenes?" Her eyes shot to the screen, realising what was on it. She felt her face blushing. He must think I'm an idiot.

"No...Nothing, I was just..." She said, trailing off. How could she tell him she'd rather be fucking him than watching a movie. "I might just go get a drink, dyou want?" 

"Yeah, thanks."

She got up and went to the kitchen. She exhaled and leant against the fridge. Fuck. Why does he have to be so sexy? No. No. We can't do anything. We're friends. Why would he like me, for crying out loud? She walked over to the sink, and washed her face. The water felt so cold against her hot skin. "Fuck, this is so annoying..." 

"What's annoying?"

She jumped, hitting her hand on the tap. "Oowwww, fucking hell!" 

"Fucking hell Matt, you scared the crap outta me!" 

"Sorry, here let me take a look at that." He moved towards her, reaching for her hand. Clutching it between his own hands, he began stroking it. Fuck it felt good; she could feel her panties getting wet. He leant down and kissed her hand. 

"Feel better now?" 

"Yeah...thanks." She couldn't help being disappointed; she wanted him to keep touching her.

Shaking her head, she said: "Oh, I was getting a drink, wasn't I? What would you like?" 

"Water's fine."

She picked up a tissue and wiped the water from her face, then got two glasses out of the cupboard, and returned to the sink. But before she could turn on the faucet, she felt his two strong hands snake around her waist. She sucked in a breath, in both shock and arousal. His head was nestled at her neck, and he slowly began kissing her, licking her. She moaned. Her body arousing further to his touch.

He turned her around so she was facing him and looked deeply into her eyes. She could see her own lust mirrored back in his deep brown eyes.

"You're so sexy, Allie," he started, "I've liked you for so long, I wanna be with you."

She could hardly believe he was saying this; she looked away, face reddening.

"I never thought you'd like me," she said quietly, "I not beautiful like the other girls..."

"No, you're not, if anything, you're more beautiful. I find you irresistible.." and he lifted her face, gently, with his hand, and kissed her. He moved away a little, looking deep into her eyes. Slowly, slowly, they both moved forward, until their lips met in a tender soft kiss, filled with emotion. She ran her hands up his arms, stroking his taut, athletic biceps, and wrapped them around his warm neck. 

They finally pulled away, looking into each others very soul. They held each other for what seemed like an eternity, and she felt herself getting more and more aroused. She leant into him, and kissed him again, this time with increasing passion. He responded just as hungrily and pulled her hips into his increasing manhood. She moaned into his mouth as their tongues danced and wrestled together, the feelings washing over her. 

She removed her tongue from his mouth, took a step away and glanced down his body. Her eye ravenously took in what she saw. He wasn't fat, wasn't thin, just perfect, slightly meaty, but she loved that in guys. He was a great hug, a sexy hug. His now red lips, were so soft, his coffee brown skin looked inviting to her touch, she wondered if he had a hairy chest. Giggling, she thought that she'd probably find out soon. 

"What is my beautiful woman laughing at?" He asked, a smile creeping upon his lips. Grabbing her waist before she turned away. 

"Oh nothing," her eyes sparkling, giving him a cheeky grin "This is so amazing...you are so amazing. You've gotten me so hot, I think I should get that glass of water, but you look like you need a cold shower," glancing down at the now visible bulge in the front of his pants.

"What can I say? You turn me on. It's all your fault." He teased.

"My fault?", turning away, pretending to be annoyed, "Well if that's how you feel...", starting to walk away.

He grasped her wrist and pulled her back to him, planting his lips on hers. He kissed her with so much strength, that she could almost feel her lip bleeding. She eagerly kisses him back, savouring his taste. She slid her hand up under his t-shirt, feeling his chest for the first time. Mmmmm, he did have hair. Sexy. This seemed to have boosted his confidence, because she felt his large hand engulf her left breast over her shirt, kneading the soft flesh. He backed her up against the counter top, pinning her between his hardness and the hardness of the wood. She gasped and broke the kiss.

"Maybe we should take this elsewhere..."she whispered, breathless, lightly caressing his cock through his khakis. He started to say something, but choked at the words...

"Are...you...sure?" He stumbled.

"I've never been so sure of anything in my whole life..." she said quietly.

She grabbed his hand and pulled him upstairs. At the top of the stairs, he grabbed her and pushed her against the banister, tongue probing past her lips, searching for hers. He slowly started to un-do the buttons on the front of her shirt and kissed along her collarbone. His lips lightly caressed her now warm skin, causing her to stifle a loud moan. He looked up at her, whilst grabbing her hand, pulling her towards her bedroom.

"No, stop, I have a better idea." She injected, pulling him towards the bathroom.

She closed the door behind them, and almost as though he could read her mind, they both started hungrily pulling at each others clothes. Shoes, socks, shirt, skirt, they kissed passionately, only stopping to pull his t-shirt over his head. Tugging off his pants and boxers she finally released his now stiff, throbbing dick. She instinctively licked her lips. He carefully removed her now damp panties, not wanting to seem too indecent. 

He stood back to take in the magnificent sight before him. "You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen," he almost whispered, mesmerized by her beauty. Her long curly brown hair frame her oval face, her sensual blue eyes, her milky white skin covering her curvy "Reubanesque" body, she was spectacular. A small triangle of pubic hair framed her inviting pussy lips. They just stood there, taking in each others bodies. Both were so aroused, they didn't have time to be embarrassed. 

Walking over to the shower, she turned on the water, "Aren't you coming?" she joked, giving him a seductive wink. He followed her obediently, entering the shower just behind her. Under the warm stream of water, they kissed again. Hands roaming over their now naked frames. The electricity of arousal surging through their bodies, feeling another's naked flesh was exceptional. She could feel herself getting wet in more ways than one. She reached down and slowly began stroking his rock hard cock. 

He moaned loudly, "Oh fuck, that feels so fucking good...". She started stroking faster; she could see the pre-cum emerging from the tip. She dipped her finger in the pre-cum and brought it to her mouth, "Mmmmm, you taste good." Sucking her finger of every last drop of his warm saltiness. She kissed his lips; he could taste his cum. She could see his lust and passion for her in his eyes. Smiling, she got to her knees, and kissed the tip of his cock. He shuddered to her touch, and sighed loudly. Licking the head, more pre-cum oozed out, and she lapped it up greedily. 

"Fuck...please don't stop, baby...this feels so fucking good."

His commands urged her on, as she slipped the whole head of his dick into her mouth, sucking softly. He ran his fingers through her hair, pulling her closer, further up his shaft. Her tongue darted out, flicking over his sensitive under-belly, gradually increasing speed, and her right hand began to lightly massaging his balls. She could feel them tightening, her right hand began stroking the base of his cock, whilst she sucked at the head.

"Oh, fucking hell, I'm going to cum!" He exclaimed, his hips pumping his cock into her mouth. She could feel his cock swell, as she sucked harder. 

"Oh...oh...fuck...I'm cumming!...fuck!" His hot jizz ejaculated into her waiting mouth, as she sucked it all down, not wanted to waste any. His cock jerked a few more times, and she carefully licked him clean. He pulled her to her feet, and kissed her with more passion. 

"That felt so good, thank you...now do I get to return the favour?" He chuckled. 

"Sure you can, just not here. I think I'm turning into a prune." She laughed. Her laugh was so beautiful, just like body, and he reached over to her, to touch her, but she playfully swatted his hand away. 

"Not 'til we get outta the shower," giving him an un-convincingly stern look. He took his hand away. "Good boy" she winked.

They got out of the shower, and towelled each other down with two huge fluffy towels. They continued to kiss and touch each others bodies, their desire still strong, if not increased. They wrapped the towels around their bodies, and walked to her room, hand in hand. Her room had a huge bed on the right wall, covered with a white quilt and white satin sheets. She loved the silky touch of satin. Her bedroom had to French doors leading out to a private balcony covered with jasmine vines. Her room was nearly as perfect as her, he thought.

"Allie? Allie...I think I love you...," He looked straight in her eyes as he said that, and she could feel her heart pounding. "But I don't want you to do anything you're not ready for..." he grabbed her hand, kissing her knuckles.

"I've been wanting to do this for the last 3 years, I don't wanna wait any longer. I think I love you too." She felt her cheeks redden and she looked away, to conceal her nervousness. His arms pulled her into a warm embrace; it felt so perfect. He nudged her lips with his, and they kiss, slowly at first, then the passion increased. They quickly un-did each others towels, until they were both naked again. She pulled on his shoulders, backing herself onto her bed, scooting up so her head were on the pillows, keeping eye contact with him the whole time. She looked so seductive, lying against the white pillows, still damp hair framing her head, her pink nipples hard, standing at attention. He crawled up onto the bed beside her, lying on his side, stroking her warm, silky belly. Licking his lips, he wanted to devour her. He felt hungry. Hungry with desire. He kissed her neck, all down her shoulders, licking the smooth skin. He could almost feel her pulse, the blood running through her capillaries as he aroused her.

"Mmmmm, that feels so good." She moaned. 

He kissed her right nipple, she arched her back to meet his lips, then he lightly began sucking on her hard press-stud. She moaned again, louder this time, begging for more. He lavished attention on the other nipple, not wanted to play favourites. She tried to speak, but the words wouldn't come out. She'd been dreaming of his touch for so long. Her eyes closed; absorbing her senses in his delicious touch. His hand wandered down her belly to her anticipating, hot pussy. He held his hand over her mound, just lightly touching it, then slowly slid a finger between her wet lips, barely meeting her clit. Her hips buckled to meet his touch and she moaned:

"Oh my God...that feels so God-damn good!" She shuddered.

"Do you like that, my beauty?" teasing her, "How about this?" He slipped one finger into her cunt, then another, thrusting them in and out like a cock. She moaned again, "Please don't stop." she mumbled. He explored the walls of her pussy, feeling their contours, their softness, their wetness. Her pussy was dripping with anticipation. He removed his fingers, kissed his way down her body, and gently spread her legs. Kneeling between her legs, she looked at the beauty before him. He lay down and spread her lips, he could smell her sex, her musky scent aroused him. He began licking her pussy, her clit, her sweet lips. Her blossoming flower. His tongue reached out and flicked her clit, she moaned loudly, "Fuck" she muttered. He began sucking her clit, pulling it into her mouth, running it between his lips. He thrust two fingers into her pussy, as he sucked on her clit, her moans told him she was close. Her hips bucked against his head, her hands venturing to the back of his head, pulling lightly at his hair. 



"I'm going to cum...fuck...this feels so damn good...don't...stop." Her breathing getting very heavy, and her eyes squeezed shut. He sucked harder, pumping his fingers faster. 

"Fuck, I'm going to cum...uhh...oh yeah...fuck." She was cumming; he could feel her pussy squeezing his fingers, the walls pulsating. He removed his fingers, and lapped up her nectar. She continued to moan as she rode the wave of orgasm, he drank her essence, greedily. After the wave had passed, she grabbed his head and pulled him up onto her, kissing him hard. 

"I need to feel you inside me". She said huskily, in-between the kisses.

"Where are the..." he said trailing off. 

"In the draw there" she said, pointing to the bedside table.

He reached over a got a condom from the packet, "Can I put it on?" She asked. 

"Sure, if you want me to cum before I even enter you." He laughed

"Ok, maybe you should do it." She laughed as well.

He knelt between her legs and engulfed his cock with a red condom. "Do the red ones go faster?" he joked. 

"Behave..." Allie giggled back.

He lay on top of her, pressing the head of his cock just outside her pussy, and looked deeply into her eyes. "Are you ready?" he enquired.

She nodded. They were both nervous, she could nearly feel him trembling, she wondered if he could feel her heart pounding furiously in her chest. He gently pressed his cock head into her opening, he could feel her hymen resisting his manhood and she gasped. "Are you ok?" he asked. 

"Yeah...keep going..." she replied, taking a deep breath.

His slowly pushed his cock into her pussy about an inch, and stopped, waiting for her to adjust. He withdrew his cock nearly the whole way, and pushed in again, this time deeper. He kept doing this, until he was fully inside her. They just lay there, exploring the sensations, kissing each other passionately. 

"I wanna feel you moving inside me," she said, after a while.

He slowly pumped his cock in and out of her pussy. "I don't think I'm going to last long Allie" he stated, worried that she might be disappointed. 

"That's ok, baby...don't feel pressured to last. Just go with the flow" she said, looking into his eyes, bringing his head down to hers and kissed him.

Her pussy felt so soft, he whispered into her ear how wonderful it felt finally being inside of her, and that he'd dreamed of this moment for a long time. He continued to pump his cock, when he knew he was at the point of no return, he felt his balls tighten, and his cock swell inside her warmth. His moans and pantings grew louder and he slowly increased his pace. Almost shouting out his pleasure, he pushed hard and fast into her, his body shuddering with pleasure as he came, shooting his seed into the condom.

"Oh, yes..." he exclaimed, relaxing into her arms, "Damn that felt good." He rolled off her and removed the condom. She took it from him, and put it in the bin, and returned to his warm embrace. "That was so wonderful Allie. I love you. You're so sexy." He said, kissing her neck.

"I love you too. I always tried to imagine what it'd be like...you and I...but my thoughts never did you justice. That was perfect" she sighed, giving him a radiant smile.

"Did it hurt?" he asked.

"Kinda, but you got me so aroused that all I could feel was pleasure." She laughed.

He embraced her, smelling her sweet feminine perfume. They lay there, stroking, touching, kissing each other, savouring the moment that they'll both never forget. They fell asleep, nestled in each others arms.

* * * * *

He awoke, for a minute forgetting where he was, he searched the room for her. She was gone. He could smell something sweet and he looked over to the French doors, they were open, the light, white fabric curtains swaying in the warm morning air. He rubbed his eyes, and sat up, wrapping a towel around his waist, he walked out onto the balcony, and there she was, sitting there, in a white satin chemise, looking like an angel. He smiled and walked over to her, wrapping her arms around her waist.

"Thank you for being the woman of my dreams."