 Some 9 months had passed since Callie and John had been camping and the erotic encounter in the open and things were far from being just friends. 

To be closer to work, Callie had been offered the chance to move in with John, and she had gladly accepted. Before long, the regular encounters had resulted in a surprise pregnancy for Callie, so now their friendship was firmly cemented as much more.

The cool air bit into John's cheeks, he lifted the collar on his coat higher up in a vain attempt to stop the chill wind. He lowered his head and walked a little quicker the allure of a warm mug of tea spurring him on. It was early May and spring had come on in all its glory over the weekend but the next day, the air had turned crisp and cold once again.

John gave a sigh of relief as he rounded the corner and saw the welcoming sight of the house with all the lights on. He opened his and stepped into the foyer that was a balmy 23 degrees Celsius. "Hold the door please!" The woman's voice carried on the wind and John turned grabbing the door and held it open. Her arms were full of a large box, but Callie's welcome smile beamed from over the top.

"Here, let me," John reached out taking the box either side, his hands brushing Callie's icy fingers. She relinquished the box without a fight and gave him an out of breath thanks. "You shouldn't be carrying stuff like this, not in your condition." He looked down briefly at Calie's swollen belly as if she needed a clue to what he meant after 7 months of constantly protecting her.

"You sound like a broken record..." Her cheeks and nose were a rosy hue from the cold but still her soft eyes were melted. 

"Come on I'll give you a hand." He sighed.

He moved the box about, feeling something clunk and jangle inside and he froze, Callie gave a gentle laugh, "Don't panic, it's nothing expensive just some old baby toys!"

John laughed, "OK, just when we thought we're getting settled!"

"Well that is until this one comes along." She patted her belly and smiled widely. "Only a couple more months now."

After allowing John to set the box down, he called out he needed to freshen up after work and made a retreat upstairs. Callie sat in the living room, feet up on the low coffee table, her swollen ankles buzzing. One hand rubbed absently at her belly the other pulling her long brown hair out of the tight bun that held it affixed to the back of her head before massaging her forehead. 

"I need a glass of wine," she muttered to herself, her tongue running across her lips at the thought of a crisp rose. Her hand that had been rubbing her belly had travelled further down, just under the swell, her little finger just above her pubic bone. Her mind flicked back to John briefly, the look on his face when her hormones had gone berserk when she first found out she was pregnant. Callie had become insatiable, by the end of the second month John had pleaded with her to let him rest. They had gone from a couple who would have sex once every couple of days maybe twice on Saturday and Sunday, to twice to three times a day every day. John even went to the length of buying her a vibrator but still enjoyed watching her climax with it.

That same vibrator lay discarded in her handbag from a recent trip to see family. Callie leaned over and slid her hand inside her bag, picking it out and resting it on her leg. lowered her hand from her forehand the tips of her finger running along the cool, smooth pink plastic while her right hand left her swollen belly and slipped inside her black maternity leggings. Callie was not surprised to find her knickers were already damp, she only had to look at anything mildly resembling a penis and her labia would swell and she would feel that warm tingle of sexual anticipation. 

Her right hand lightly gripped the vibrator at the base, John's face popped into her mind's eye and how he continually undressed her with his brown eyes. And she knew it was not just the swell of her belly he was looking at but rather the other higher swelling of her breasts, Callie had gone from a 32c to a 34D. Who needed implants?

Callie's right hand stroked the plastic shaft, reaching the tip and running her hand back down to its base while her left hand, rubbed gently through her knickers feeling her labia swollen and parted, her clitoris a hard nub full of electricity that was begging to be let free. Callie forced herself to her feet which was some effort, and pulled down the jeggings and her knickers in one go and eased herself back onto the sofa. The index finger of her left hand slipped easily between her wet labia becoming instantly slick with her juices and finding her hole open, warm and inviting. Her palm pushed down on her clitoris sending out small sparks of electricity across her body leaving her tingling where they had been.

She gripped the vibrator and brought it forward as she lifted her left hand. The plastic was warmer now and its hard girth felt good running across her lips. She turned it so that the tip could play between her labia, sinking into her hole ever so slightly then running up and sitting on her clitoris. Callie's breath came in short gasps at the simple expectation of what was to happen. Her thumb found the on switch and lingered. Callie bit down on her lower lip and pressed the switch. The moan that escaped her lips was louder than she had expected but she could not stop even if she wanted to. Her clitoris exploded as the vibrator thrummed to life. Her legs shook uncontrollably as the whole centre of her body filled with potent electricity which began to spread out. She lowered the vibrator feeling its power against her lips as they parted further around the plastic girth and allowed it access. The whine of the vibrator diminished as it slipped with ease into. Her G-spot suddenly burst with fire from the vibrating machine and she let out a long sigh as it pulsed inside her.

John kept swimming into her vision, she found his appearance enhancing her pleasure. Now she had John before her and it was not her vibrator that was deep in her but him. John was fucking her with long deep strokes, holding her legs wide apart so that he could get as much of his cock in her as possible. "Cumming!" Callie whimpered out holding the vibrator on her G-spot. Her back arched and legs shook as her orgasm blossomed, filling her with a warm fire that filled her from her curled toes to her head. She flopped back on the settee breath heavy and short a thin film of sweat across her face, she pulled the vibrator free with an audible sucking noise and flicked it off, her body shook uncontrollably as a satisfied smile crossed her face, she bit her lip again feeling a momentary bout of guilt at her sudden fantasy and vowed to never do it again with him upstairs!

In the shower, John gripped his cock hard as it spasmed. His foreskin was pulled back from his purple head that erupted forth with a thick stream of cum that splattered across the shower wall tiles where it was quickly picked up by the stream of hot water and washed away. He worked his cock slowly helping along the diminishing spurts until the last lot oozed forth and hung from his tip. He had been thinking of Callie a lot more now was pregnant, but felt unable to truly tell her owing to her rollercoaster hormones, back ache and cramped calves.

But in the shower his cock refused to subside and his mind would not give up the images so easily. He had gripped his cock in one soapy hand and worked it slowly, his foreskin slipping back and forth across his cock head, while his mind teased him with thoughts of Callie kneeling before him, her milk filled tits wrapping his cock in an embrace while her tongue teased his sticky tip. Before long she was bent over, legs spread with him buried deep into her smooth pussy, bareback and feeling every wet inch of her gripping his cock. His knees had buckled as his orgasm erupted almost making him fall backwards, but he had steadied himself enough to continue working his cock squeezing out as much of his cum as he could. 

He slipped out of the shower and dressed, making his way to the kitchen where he found Callie, making a warm drink he craved. 

"I'm glad I started my maternity leave early, because to be honest moving more stuff is not good on the old blood pressure," John noticed how Callie had suddenly drawn herself in, protecting herself and her unborn baby, her shoulders had clenched together and both her hands had criss-crossed over her belly. "Midwife got a little worried and insisted I take it easy."

"Well you still look good to me," John mumbled. She leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek, "Thank you, for the laugh and the compliment. 

"I best be heading up, I haven't showered today...not that you needed to know that." Callie held a hand across her mouth stifling a laugh, John laughed out loud shaking his head, ""Have you eaten? I'm just about to dish up some spaghetti Bolognese and I've made way too much."

She shook her head and John gestured to the dining table. She sat at the table and looked out the window, a few cars passed lazily by, head lights on guiding them on their way

"Here we go," John carried in two large bowls filled with food and placed them on the table, one before Callie and one at his own vacant space, "I hope it's good." He sat down and watched Callie take a small mouthful. she looked up from her bowl, smiled and nodded giving him a thumb up with her free hand. The food disappeared within minutes and they both sat back in their chairs fitfully stuffed. Callie leaned her head back a smile on her face and John found himself lost in the line of her jaw. He followed it down to her shoulders and from there to her freckled chest and a small crevice that Joined the start of her cleavage. "Dessert?" he asked. Callie devoured her share of the Apple Crumble with gusto and licked her spoon clean for good measure. "That was the best meal I have had in ages, thank you." John smiled sheepishly at the comment, as if she'd forgotten all the cooking he'd done since she arrived.

John cleared the table. The few moments he had to himself he chastised himself. He had repeatedly caught himself staring where he should not have been. But she was such an alluring woman pregnant or not, he really didn't want her to feel like she HAD to reciprocate. He dropped the dessert bowls in the sink and with a deep breath walked back into the dining room, Callie had moved to the sofa next door and as he walked in she smiled at seeing him and moved up the sofa so he could sit down.

While he was in the kitchen Callie had started to wonder why she was here, in the space of the last year he had turned from fantasy man to being real and clearly available, but was he really that interested in a horny pregnant woman? There were days she couldn't have felt further from alluring and sensual. Callie laughed at herself, what man wouldn't be into an aroused woman pregnant or not.

John sat down at the other end of the sofa, here he was out of reach of her but also he realised in a perfect position to be able to check every inch of her out. Callie moved closer along the sofa, "Can I ask you something John?" He nodded warily, "What do you think of me, now I'm pregnant? I mean, I know we are still together, but you do send some mixed signals my way."

John was caught off guard, he had been wondering about how to broach the subject of bedding her more regularly, wondering if she would even agree and then she comes out and beats him to the post first. "I think you're great, you're funny, smart, and attractive."

Callie looked down at her swollen body "Even like this?"

John nodded, trying his hardest to not remember his shameful wank totally out of the blue after moving boxes earlier and his wicked thoughts about Callie. "Especially like that, you're in bloom so to speak."

Callie had leaned forward quicker than John could react the kiss was soft and moist on his lips. He felt the agreeable weight of one breast heavy on his arm, her swollen belly against his thigh. "Thank you John." She sat back and went to get up.

John reached out stopping her with a touch of her wrist. "You don't have to go upstairs yet you know." She paused half way up then sat back down, this time John leaned in for the kiss his thin lips meeting the fullness of Callie's, her mouth opened slightly and their tongues met briefly before they parted again, the next kiss the was fuller more stronger, they held it each other tightly making sure that the kiss did not end.

She guided his hand under her top resting it on her bra clad right breast. His hand clenched squeezing the weight beneath it. His other hand had needed no guiding and was rubbing the inside of her thigh his fingers daringly close to her pussy. Callie's own hand fumbled with the buttons on his jeans, popping them quickly. She let out a slight gasp as his rigid cock popped free. "What's wrong?" He asked looking down at his cock, worry stamped across his face.

"No underwear?" she said.

He shook his head, "I wasn't expecting to go out again so didn't put any on." Calie leaned in her mouth finding his own while her right hand closed round the hot shaft of his cock, she felt his body stiffen at her touch then relax as she gently worked him. Callie broke the kiss, John's mouth still working away at the ghost of her as she lowered her head. His cock head was swollen an angry purple, her hand held the shaft firm with a little room to spare. Callie flicked her tongue out just catching the tip of his cock and felt it spasm in her hand and a short sharp gasp from John. Her full lips parted and she leaned further down feeling his cock head on her bottom lip as she took him into her mouth closing her lips around the shaft.

Callie lowered her head further, feeding more of the hot, hard shaft into her mouth, his cock head running across the roof of her mouth while her tongue worked along one side as best it could. Then she pulled back, slowly until the head alone was in her mouth, she clamped her lips a little tighter and began to work herself back and forth down his cock. She took her time working slowly up and down listening to John moan out. When she finally sat up he met her with a deep lingering kiss, his tongue working into her mouth. 

He lifted her tunic over her head, his eyes widening at the sight of her heavy veined breasts clad in a plain white bra. He took her by the waist and turned her as he knelt down before her. John grabbed her jeans and pulled them off leaving her in nothing but her bra and pants. He could see the outline of her mound and the unmistakable damp patch beneath. He leaned in kissing along her right thigh inching closer to her pussy, her smell getting stronger as he got closer. Callie placed a hand on his head gently as the last kiss landed on part flesh part panty line. John ran one hand over the knickers, feeling the wet patch on his palm then fingers. He slipped one finger under the material and felt her hot labia press against it, "Christ you're on fire." He said unaware that Callie had not too long ago pleasured herself on this very sofa.

He took hold of the pants and eased them off, then the sight of her sex wet, engorged and open made him catch his breath. He looked up to say something to Callie and caught sight of her breasts as she undid the back of her bra and slipped it off. Her nipples were a deep brown, erect and thick on pale mountains of heavy flesh. "Fuck me you are gorgeous." He said and Callie smiled and looked uncomfortable at the compliment. John sat up and leaned forward his tongue flicking out catching her left nipple underneath. She let out a soft moan at the sensation and an even louder one as his mouth closed around it one warm hand cupping the underside of the heavy left tit and his right hand playing with the nipple on her right tit. 

Callie could feel his cock nudging at her pussy, she moved herself forward trying to get the tip into her but every time she did John would pull back just out of reach. John turned his attention to her right nipple taking it in his mouth with a simple suck. His cock head nudged between her labia which closed around it agreeably. His curve was far better than her vibrator and she felt herself stretching to accommodate him. His cock filled her up and she moaned as her muscles worked along his hard shaft while he teased her nipples in his lips.

His left hand worked away at her left breast, clutching at the heavy weight of the tit itself before running over the thick hard nipple. His cock was encased in fire. He worked it slowly in and out of Callie, her moans and gasps guiding his speed and depth. He finally broke free from his feeding wanting to taste more of her. He pulled his cock free from her and before she could complain had lowered his head. His nostrils flared as he took in a deep breath of their sex, his tongue running between her swollen lips, tasting her warm fluids and finally flicking across the swollen bud of her clitoris. 

Callie gripped a hand full of his hair as his tongue danced in circles across her clitoris, one finger planted inside her and stroked at her g-spot. She lifted her hips forcing more of herself onto John's face until she lost her patience. She pushed him to the floor a look of worry on his face at the unexpected turn of events. She mounted his chest and dragged herself up to his face, her labia rubbed across his stubbly chin then rested above his mouth. His tongue flicked out finding home again and Callie sat down encasing him. Her thighs tight around his head his tongue flicking her clitoris before slipping into her fiery hole and back again. Callie reached up playing with her own nipples, little sparks of pleasure burst with each squeeze adding to the sparks that had begun blossom from between her legs.

She pushed down harder, grinding her heavy hips against his face as she began to peek. John held his tongue still letting Callie work herself against it. He found it difficult to breath, her musky smell was in every breath. He could make out Callie's full tits her hands gripping and pinching at the nipples making his own cock ache. John took a deep breath as she pushed down harder, he could feel her spasming as she moaned and gasped with each spasm, his mouth was slick with her juices that flooded forth in a sudden ejaculation almost gagging him. As black spots began to form in his sight he felt the weight of Callie lift her sticky pussy clinging to his face momentarily until he was free. He took in a lungful of air as she slipped down his body. He felt her hot pussy rub across his painfully swollen cock.

He could not help but smile at the sight of this heavily pregnant woman rubbing herself across his cock. She reached under taking his cock in hand and guiding it into her. He slipped in easily and watched as Callie began to ride him, her large tits swung freely her swollen belly letting him have a sneak glimpse of glistening lips beneath as she fucked him.

Callie dropped her hands to her side, leaving her tits to swing and bounce with each downward thrust on the magnificent cock that was buried deep in her. Her orgasm had left her sopping wet and loose that his curve had no trouble getting in her this time. She could see by the look on his face that he was enjoying the sight of her riding him. He began to lift himself up meeting her downward thrusts, pushing his cock deeper still and she knew he was close. His back arched and his face contorted as she felt his cock stiffen and spasm followed quickly by an explosion of warmth deep in her. She pushed down harder letting him fill her up as much as he could with his cum. His hands gripped her thighs hard holding her in place as his cock seemed to spasm endlessly inside her.

He watched as Callie got up on unsteady legs, he could not miss the sight of her puffy lips hanging parted between her legs nor could he miss the sight of his cum oozing from between them as she straightened up. "Fuck did I need that, so much better than pinky!" She said hoarsely.
