 It was a hot and humid afternoon. After a short nap, John had left Callie in bed to sleep off her night shift and decided to make the house downstairs presentable. His head was still whirling from the hook up they'd had earlier that morning, the culmination of months of misdirected sexual tension between them. John was kneeling on the kitchen floor, having just thrown on a pair of shorts in the humidity, and was fixing a dodgy refrigerator hinge when he sensed someone in the den. 

He looked up to see Callie come through the kitchen door. Again he was taken with how lovely she was. Now she was wearing a short thin top and a pair of short pajama shorts. The top left her stomach exposed and she was without doubt showing off as much of the hotpants as she could. The moisture from her deep slumber in a humid room had caused the little top to cling to her soft round breasts like a second skin. 

For her part, Callie was shocked at how much of a stud John had been earlier in the day. Through her eyes, he was heaven on earth to look at. She had felt a little tingle pass through her clit when she first saw him at work, but now that she was walking toward him having done what they had, she could feel her entire pussy snap to attention. It had been a very long time since she'd felt like this so spontaneously. 

"How are you doing?" she asked. 

"All done for now. Have to wait for the ice to melt before I can get the door off... so there's not much else to do.

"You're are sweating buckets. Why didn't you turn on your fan?"

"Didn't think I'd need it working next to a freezer!"

"Come on, you need to cool off!" She led him out of the kitchen and into the den. Inside were an old couch and large dining table and some scattered papers on the floor. Callie moved to the corner nearest the window where a recliner chair sat. Suddenly, a strong blast of air from the fan began to move through the room. 

"Close the door. It will cool off faster," she said. "It'll be cold in here I no time!"

She was right. The air was already getting colder, and the sweat covering John was already starting to get cool.

Callie sat down on the edge of the dining table. Somehow John couldn't help but drink in her wonderful thighs once more. John didn't need any proof of the descending temperature thanks to watching her nipples begin to poke out of her thin top because of the cold air. Also the sweat on his skin had cooled and now he was covered in goose flesh. 

"My, are you getting cold, too? You are covered in goose bumps." Callie remarked playfully

"No, I'm fine."

"You look like you are freezing. Here let me warm you up," she said as she crossed to him and began to rub her hand up and down on his upper arm. She did that a couple of times. Then she slowly took her hand and let it drift caressingly across his broad shoulders down his sides.

"You are a fine looking man," she whispered low as she continued to stroke his bare chest. 

"And you are one sexy hot woman," said John with a smile as he watched her hand moving across his stomach. 

He found no resistance as he pulled her to him, and kissed her full on the mouth. His tongue eagerly explored her sweet mouth. He must have looked like a question mark as he bent to kiss her because he was so much taller than her. She moaned in her throat as she kissed him back hard and passionately. John ran his hands up under Callie's top, lifting it up to her shoulders as he kissed her. She eagerly lifted up her arms to allow him to swiftly slide it over her head and let it drop. Then almost like a magnet his hands slid south, over the curve of her back and over her buttocks, pushing the elastic of her shorts off her bare skin. Somehow, without breaking the kiss, they managed to stumble to the couch and fall back on it. John now had two fingers up Callie's juicing pussy. He twirled his fingers around, and jabbed them in and out of her pussy until his fingers were sticky with her warm excitement. 

Frantically, she tugged at his shorts trying to get them open and pulled them down his legs. She followed them down until she was on her knees, pulling the shorts off. She tugged them off his feet and then she looked up and moaned when she saw his smooth cock staring her right in the face.

"Oohhh, Jesus!" Her voice sobbed with passion as she began to stroke John's cock with her curled fingers, squeezing and stroking up and down the shaft until he felt his balls tense with pleasure. "You are even harder than this morning. I must have it . . . I must have your cock now!"

Callie grabbed the large naked shaft with both her hands and brought her lips around the head of his cock. He moaned softly in pleasure. Her tongue licked expertly up and down the length of his cock and teased the head with the sharp edges of her teeth. She spread her saliva all over his hard hot shaft and began to suck him up and down, back and forth, in and out of her warm mouth. She curled her tongue in a tight cylinder, pushed it into the base.

"Oh, my God," he said, moaning softly.

"It's been a long time," she mumbled, running her mouth greedily up and down the thick round shaft. "Much too long!"

John reached down between their bodies, and lifted her breasts in his hands. There were pillowed and soft, and he squeezed them between his fingers. He could feel her hard nipples pushing against the palms of his hands. He caught both nipples between two fingers on each hand and pinched down hard onto the stiff nubs of her knockers. Callie groaned and slid her lips further down his cock. 

Callie!" He urged her. "Eat it ... eat it all."

Her mouth was like a suction pump around his groin, he could feel her lips tightening excitingly around the throbbing shaft. John could feel the head of his cock rubbing against the roof of her mouth. Her cheeks hollowed, and he felt her saliva dribbling down around the hardness of his erection. With hardly any effort, Callie pushed her mouth down the length of John's prick, then turning her head from side to side; she twisted his cock back and forth, moving it around in the wet hollow tunnel of her sucking mouth.

"Jesus . . . that's fantastic!" John moaned, closing his eyes.

He grabbed her head, fucking his raging cock into her mouth. His balls banged against the edge of her chin. The head of his thick cock throbbed as it shot past the opening of her throat, and he could feel her breath through her nose as hot air snorted from her quivering nostrils, teasing the hair on his belly. Her cheeks were so hollowed that he could feel their slippery wet slide against the shaft of his cock. She was sucking him deep and hard, trying, if possible, to sink her mouth even further down around the shaft. 

John moaned, "Suck it .., suck it! Oh, my God! ... Suck it . . .suck it all! " . He began to double-time his thrusting shaft in and out, pulling her head, moving her mouth up and down the shaft of his cock as if he was masturbating himself with Callie's mouth. The sensation was more similar to fucking a pussy than a mouth. He closed his eyes and imagined that it was Callie's pussy he was pumping into. 

Jesus!" he groaned. "'You're going to make me cum!"

Callie pushed at him, pulling her mouth away from his cock. Her face was all red and sloppy with saliva and stray hair. Her eyes were glazed over with passion, and she was breathing heavily as she looked intently at him from between his widely parted thighs.

"No, John!" she gasped. "Not yet... please not yet. I promise you it will be worth it!"

And to prove it, Callie began to lick at his large balls She nuzzled her warm face between his thighs. Her tongue was like wet fire as it slithered along against his sweaty flesh. John slid down further on the couch to allow her greater access to his balls. She sucked one testicle into her mouth, rolling it over her tongue. As if it were a cock, she sucked it back into her throat. The straining pull made John groan in a combination of pain and pleasure. She deftly released one ball, but at the same time, she sucked up the other. Then she pulled them both into her mouth, rolling them from side to side across her tongue. 

"Sweet Jesus..." John moaned, his eyes screwed shut. 

John cried out, his head spinning woozily from the intensity of the pleasure. His cock felt like it was going to explode, and her finger felt as if it was all the way up into the middle of his chest. 

"Oh . . . ohhh . .. oohhhh!! I am going to cum!!" John screamed at the top of his voice. 

With the speed of a cobra, Callie's mouth came off his raging prick, his spasming cock rewarded her with a hefty helping of cum on her chin. "Give it to me!" puffed Callie as the next three blasts landed all over her face and tits, giving her a priceless pearl necklace. Big torrents of jizz continued to blast out of his cock and on to her upturned face. Thick white globs trickled down her face and chin and dripped onto her heaving breasts. She put her mouth back over the fountaining head in time to catch a big mouthful of the delicious nectar. After a dozen lesser spurts, his churning balls started to relaxed, and the flow of cum stopped. She sat back releasing his exhausted but happy cock from her warm mouth. John glanced at her through silted eyes and saw her face covered with cream. They had produced one messy facial. Her eyes were unfocused and wild with passion as she sat kneeling between his thighs, continuing to stroke his drained meat.

John was exhausted as he settled back on to the couch with his dick dripping with a combo of Callie's saliva and his sperm. Callie breathed deeply, staring at the ceiling as she slowly began to work her clit round and round in search of her own pleasure.

The room filled with the sound of their breathing, and they did not speak a word. Their encounters so far had been so amazing that words could not do them justice. John looked at the beautiful slutty woman on the end of the couch and wondered how any man could neglect this goddess. As he gazed at her incredibly lush body and she continued to play with her clit, he was amazed to feel a stirring in his balls. Watching her plow three fingers up her pussy in search of and orgasm cum was too much for John and he began to stroke his tired cock up and down with vigor. As he watched, Callie began to tremble and shake from a shallow orgasm, he felt his ole faithful begin to expand and grow once more. 

After she had recovered from her latest climax, Callie glanced over at John and saw him stroking his meat to its full size. Her eyebrows arched in surprise, but she slowly got up on her knees and turned her butt to John. Her pussy was wet and swollen from the workout she had given it. It glistened between her legs like a diamond. She looked back over her shoulder at the resting John, and in a smutty voice said, 

"Hey, Tiger, I want you to fuck me now! Are you up for it?" 

John had not felt like this in ages. He also feared he had awakened a shy yet deeply sexual beast. Callie was lovely and her spectacular body promised him a ride that he would not soon forget. He nodded his head "yes" while he stroked his hard cock. 

Callie got to her feet and ran her hands over her curves, all the while looking over her shoulder at John. Seductively, she leant forward, spreading her arms out across the table top and rested her head on the dining table with her ass elevated, and her thighs spread wide apart. Her pussy was at cock-level, all wide and wet and opened like a fresh cut rose. "I want you to fuck me from the rear. Doggy style! I want to feel every inch of your cock sliding up inside of me," she moaned at him. 

John got up off the couch and moved behind her. Using the head of his prick to part the thick wet lips of her hot pussy he eased the tip into her wet channel. She was tight. Very tight! He grabbed her hips, made a minor adjustment for angle and leaned in hard against her. His cockhead slowly slipped inside her extremely tight pussy. 

"Ooh, God, that feels good," she moaned, as she humped herself back on John's iron rod. 

"You are so tight. Jesus. How do you stay this tight?" he groaned.

"You one of a select few!" She giggled, And God, I've been missing out!. Please fuck me hard. Oh yes!!"

John had managed to sink about five inches of cock up her pussy. She was so petite, he wondered up much she could take. Her pussy walls were like a glove they were so tight, and he groaned as he pulled back and slowly sunk into her molten core again. This time he managed to get 7 inches into her tight sleeve, and she groaned and pushed against trying to drive more of his hard cock into her long neglected pussy. John slowly backed out once more enjoying the clutching feel of Callie's red hot fuck hole. John took a stronger hold of Callie's hips, paused of a second, and then slammed all his inches of hard love muscle into her tightly packed pussy. Callie began to scream at the top of her lungs and her ass went into overdrive. As fast as John tried to drive into her molten deeps, she was faster as she worked her tight wet sleeve up and down the length of John's invading member. Her lust was pure animal. She wanted one thing and that was to have John's magic cock fuck her to senseless orgasms. 

John was going to last for a while because of all the cum be had poured down her earlier, but Callie was building to her first cum as she drove her soaking wet pussy back against John's raging tool. Suddenly, the tightness was gone and John drilled into her and his swollen head bounced off her cervix, the next instant the liquid muscles of her pussy sleeve tightened like a vise, like a steel fist around the pistoning staff of John's cock. 

"Oh, God. ...Fuck me...," she cried, almost whinnying like a horse. "Fuck me . . . fuck me . . . fuck me!!"

Callie was impaled upon the rigid stake of his driving cock. Her pussy was massaging his cock with the rippling walls of her creaming passageway. John's balls swung between her widely parted thighs, and smacked against the edge of her pussy. He felt her fingers come up between her legs as she began to twirl the stiff hot button of her clitoris. He thrust in and out of her in hard strokes that used the full length of his great cock, and she thrashed about as if she were caught in some terrible convulsive fit. She threw her head back, arching her spine, flinging her long hair across her back.

"OH! Oh! I'm going to cum! Oh, my God!! FUCK ME, JOHN!!" she grunted.

His cock throbbed in the constricted tunnel of Callie's pussy. The walls of the oozing passageway clung to the sides of his shaft as if they were adhered with glue. Her heat and wetness baked down around his raging cock, cooking it, turning it a fiery red. Her pussy made a wet .squishy sound as John's cock drilled in and out. He grabbed onto her ass cheeks with fingers of steel, digging his nails deeply into Callie's sweaty pink flesh. With a dull slapping sound that rang off the bare walls, his legs slammed against her thighs. He pulled Callie back hard against him, screwing the full length of his cock viciously into her creaming box. 

OH I'M GOING ...! GOD, OH FUCK ME NOWWWWWWWW!! OOOOOOHHHHHH, I'M CUMMMMMMING!! AAAHHHHHHHH!!"

As Callie screamed in joy at her orgasm, pleasure was coursing up and down the length of John's cock. Callie's pussy was milking his cock with the muscular coils of her passageway. Her pussy pulled and tugged and squeezed at his cock, trying to wringing the sperm from his balls. 

John felt the far off feeling in the back of his groin that signaled the end of the ride. He was tired and his great strength was fading, but he wanted to give her one more huge orgasm as he came himself. He moved his hands off her churning hips, and he pulled her upright against him. He grabbed her inviting bouncing breasts in both his hands and like handles he held her in place as he relentlessly plowed his great cock into her seething, rippling pussy. 

"OH, GOD, FUCK ME ... FUCK ME!! IT'S WONDERFUL ... WONDERFUL... OOOH I CAN FEEL IT!! I CAN FEEL IT CUMMING AGAINNNNNNN!!" 

Her back was wet with perspiration, and he felt her tensed, humping hips move against him as he drilled into her gushing pussy. He moved his hands to the pencil tipped nips of her amazing tits and twisted them hard between his fingers. That sent her over the edge again. 

"I'M CUMMING... AAAHHHHHH!! GIVE ME YOUR CUM!! FILL ME ... FILL ME! OOOOOOOHHHHHH... FFFUUCCCCKKKKKK MMMMMMEEEEEEEE!!" 

He pile-drived into the insatiable oven of her pussy, driving his cock into her wet heat. He pressed his legs against the back of her thighs, felt the cheeks of her ass flattening and spreading against his thrusting belly, his swinging balls bouncing off the front of her pussy as he drilled his pulsing cock all the way into her creaming pussy. The mouth of her pussy tightened around the thick base of his massive cock and began to milk his cock like a pump seeking oil. Pussy juice ran like a river from her pussy hole, leaking down over his bouncing balls and thrusting prick. 

"OH, GOD, I'M CUMMING! OH, MY GOD!!" Callie cried out, cumming still. "FUCK ME, JOHN!! OH FUCK ME!! FUCK ME!! GOD, I CAN'T STOP CUMMING!"

His cock continued to jam hard into her fiery hole, and suddenly, he was there. As her passage milked at his great thrusting prick, his cock began to spurt its thick hot blobs of sperm into the narrow crevice of her overheated pussy. His jism spewed out of him, splattering like hot heavy oil into the soft lining of her pussy. Then her muscles clamped down on his jutting shaft, and his sperm began to stream out in long pressurized gushes that erupted like molten lava against the quivering walls of her convulsing pussy. He continued drilling into her softness until her snapping womanhood pulled all the cum out of his over worked penis. He tried to pull his prick out and back away from her, but the considerable wetness between them acted like a seal, welding their bodies together.

She stumped forward onto the table, her body collapsing from the emptying drain of her massive orgasms, and she dragged John with her as she fell. The weight of both of them collapsed the table and they landed with a thud on the floor. In spite of the fall, John's prick was still stuffed up Callie's vise-like pussy, and she groaned again, either it was pain or the intense, throbbing pleasure. 

Exhausted, John lay next to the weary Callie, his cock slowly shrinking. Every once in a while his cock would twitch or throb inside her still fiery fuck hole. The sound slow of breathing filled the room. 

"You are a fantastic lover." John exclaimed. She snuggled closer to him. 

"This just keeps getting better..." Callie breathed...