 The last time we had seen each other outside of work was when I crawled out of his bed, embarrassed and confused and feeling guilty. I felt bad that I stopped him, and that my drunkenness put us in that situation to begin with. And embarrassed that he knew the way my body felt, that he knew he could make me gasp with a touch of his hand.

The whole situation was confusing, but really not that big of a deal. We talked about it right away and laughed it off as drunken silliness, and things remained the same between us, for the most part.

The only change was that Our conversations had turned increasingly sexual; we often joked we would "bang the shit" out of each other if we weren't such good friends. We shared bits and pieces of our little quirks and desires; I knew little secrets about him and I shared my own. It was fun and sweet and felt natural to share.

One secret I shared was that it has always been easier for me to reach orgasm while lying on my stomach. I don't know why, but whenever i touch myself it's almost always face down.

I got the impression that this little tidbit excited him. A self-proclaimed ass man, I think the thought of a girl touching herself with her butt up was not a terrible image for him...

It came up in conversation a few times over the next few weeks, and somehow we got talking that as long as we didn't actually have sex, our friendship would remain intact.

One sunny afternoon, we found ourselves at his apartment, going over some things for a business we were thinking of starting. We sat on the couch, my legs thrown over his lap, and laughed and planned and enjoyed each others company.

He got up to get something from the kitchen, and when he came back he comically laid his whole body down over mine and pretended to sleep. I laughed and squirmed under his weight, working first one leg and then the other out from him until they were wrapped around his body and his head rested comfortably on my chest. I stroked his hair and his back, and closed my eyes as I enjoyed the warmth of this human blanket.

There was a barely perceptible shift and suddenly our hips were aligned and I could feel him press against me. I tightened my legs around him to get more of the sensation and my heart started beating faster.

He nuzzled his face against me and I could feel his lips brush against my neck. My back arched and my breath became shallow. Suddenly I was aware of my breasts straining against the fabric of my bra and the feel of his muscular back under my hands.

He began kissing my neck and started a slow rhythm of his hips against my body. I was scared, I wanted to kiss him, to caress his face, but I felt frozen in place.

Suddenly, he pulled away and sat back on his knees. He gave my pants a gentle tug and with a devilish smile said, "lets get these off"

I laughed, surprised, unsure, but the confidence on his handsome face and the urgency in my body won out and I lifted my hips and felt my pants slide down and off.

He resumed his position on top of me and reached down and traced where my thong met the inside of my leg. He moved it aside and put his finger at the opening beneath. My body started to tremble as he firmly pressed until it started to slide deeper, deeper, until it was all the way inside. His thumb pressed against my clit as his finger began to work slowly in and out. A moan escaped my lips as my back arched and my hips began to match his rhythm. He sat up and I felt his hand slide under my lower back to hold me steady for him. The sensations were exploding in my head, one arm thrown over my face as the work of his hands overwhelmed me. My other hand gripped his bicep, his shoulder, anything I could reach. I felt myself pull up on him until I was kneeling on the couch, his fingers still inside me. I wrapped my arms around him and pressed my lips to his temple. I was close to coming but knew I wouldn't be able to in that position, and we both sort of stopped at the same time.

He looked up at me and cleared his throat. "Whoa. We probably shouldn't do that, huh?"

I took a shaky breath and tried to steady myself. "Yeah, probably not. That was.." I laughed. "Not bad.