 The flight to Chicago delayed, you enter your suite at the Drake tired but not exhausted.

It's late but earlier than you expected. You find the lights dim and the room filled with the sensuous scent of a candle burning. On an end table near a window is a bottle of single malt waiting to be poured into the glass already filled with ice.

The sounds of CNN recapping the days' news plays on the flat panel LCD mounted on the wall opposite the bed. Dinner sits next to the scotch...a perfectly cooked filet mignon wrapped in bacon, dressed with asparagus and béarnaise. Not your favorite Freddie salad and Collingsworth but it will do for now.

Smiling to yourself, you think how well I take care of your baser needs; good food, good scotch and great sex. Dropping your bag at the door, you step into the bathroom to freshen up, not even noticing me yet. But you know I am there...waiting for you.

After a few moments you come out and step further into the suite to see me relaxing on a massive four poster bed.

Propped against the headboard in a sheer black baby doll trimmed in pink satin complete with matching garters, thigh highs and of course black patent leather 5 inch fuck me heels; you find me watching you. My 'Mona Lisa' smile adding to my air of naughtiness personified.

My hair is swept up and rhinestones catch the light at my ears. For all appearances, I look like a high-class, well paid...whore.

Our eyes meet and an instant spark of fiery electricity fills the room. It's been a long time but feels like we are just picking up from where we left off.

You walk towards the scotch and pour two fingers; almost ignoring me. I can smell you; the sinful mix of Grey Flannel and a scent that is uniquely yours and yours alone. The combination is intoxicating and one I cannot resist. It caresses my senses.

From the way you are standing, I've got the sweetest view of that ass I can't wait to get between my legs. Finally, you turn towards me and in doing so the silkiest expanse of skin is exposed where your collar is unbuttoned. 

The navy trousers and button down blue green striped shirt do you such justice. In a word, you look hot and the color combination just magnifies the intensity of those blue eyes.

Just as you are about to speak, I silence you with my finger over my lips. Then crook my finger beckoning you to come to me.

I can smell you long before I touch you, the scent making me wetter. As you move to stand at the edge of the bed, I slide my legs to the edge so I am still sitting but straddling you between them.

I look up as I slowly unzip you; never losing eye contact. Reaching inside your open fly I feel creamy skin. At last, I've got that long hard hot cock in my hand. You look down to watch my lips part; the tip of my tongue, flicking out, to lick that sweet soft slit in the head of your cock.

You bury your hands in my hair and sink your cock into my mouth. The groan of pleasure it rips from your lips makes me crave you more. You fuck my mouth getting closer and closer until you feel your head at the back of my throat.

Locking your gaze, I slowly, deliberately, pull you down my throat. I want you to feel it; the tight entrance opening for you. The look of lust in my eyes is just too much and I watch you grit your teeth as you cum right there, down my throat. 

I slowly pull you out and finish with playful licks and kisses to your dick.

"He missed me." I smile.

Looking at you, I carefully put my favorite toy away. 

"Your dinner's getting cold. Go eat." I push back up on the bed to lean against the headboard crossing my legs at the ankles.

"I'm not going anywhere just yet, baby."

Reaching over, I take my glass of wine and settle back to let you eat dinner and watch Larry King Live.

Dinner is relaxed as we chat about work and home. The wine is definitely going to my head and I am getting more and more turned on. I see you are done as you pour another glass of scotch. I reach over to the nightstand taking the remote and change the channel to an adult movie already playing.

We come in on a scene depicting a hot little blonde between two cocks; one filling her mouth and the other her cunt. I feel myself slipping into that place of being willing to do anything you want.

I am mesmerized as I watch the scene before me. I barely hear your voice ask if I am wet. All I can do is nod. 

"Show me." is your only response. 

I glance over to see you slouched back in the executive overstuff leather chair, scotch in hand; your swollen cock clearly visible beneath your trousers.

I move down near the edge of the bed and lie back so you have a good view; the wet spot between my legs unmistakable. Lifting one high heeled foot, I prop my ankle on the arm of your chair. Spreading my other leg wide, you watch my hands slowly caress my tits. Pulling and pinching my nipples. 

I can only imagine the view you must have of me spread open for you, masturbating while you watch. Not touching me has become impossible as your hand curves around my ankle; gripping me so I feel your growing tension and impatience.

Sliding my hands down my body I eventually pull my black sheer panties to the side revealing my shaved pussy. You eyes are glued to me, drinking in my French manicured nails slowly spreading my lips apart. So pink, so wet, the smell of my sex filling the room. 

I groan at feeling how wet I am. You watch two fingers slip inside me then up to my swollen clit. You watch my fingers fuck in and out of me but not long before watching is not enough.

Trying not to lose my nerve, I turn to watch the video. But suddenly, my attention is riveted by the feel of cold glass on my inner thigh. I look down and see you holding the bottle of scotch against my skin. Sitting up to lean back on my hands, I look down just in time to see you slowly nudge the bottle inside me.

I watch as you fuck my smoothly shaved cunt with a $300 bottle of scotch. Leaning on one hand, I start masturbating again. 

"Cum for me." Your whispered voice edging me closer.

"Please." I whisper.

You know I want it, want you, inside me. 

"Not until you cum for me."

The thought of how erotic this must look is too much and I finally slip over the edge and cum for you. Shaking, groaning...exploding; the bottle slowly fucking me. As I come down from my high, you slowly slide the bottle out of me. The neck glistening, I watch you take a sip licking the rim of the bottle.

Still holding the bottle you kiss me hard. Your mouth tastes so good. The mix of scotch on your lips with my juice is intoxicating. I try to pull you down between my legs. 

My muffled, "Fuck me." escapes our mouths.

Your laugh is laced with teasing me. You push me to lie back and I gasp as I feel cool liquid spill between my tits. I look up to watch you pouring scotch on my body. 

"Don't move." You set the bottle aside and quickly undress.

Poised on the bed with a slightly arched back, I feel the sensuous cool liquid set a path down my body to pool at my navel. Watching you watch it slither down my skin tears a desperate groan from my lips.

"I need your mouth on me, please."

You set the bottle aside. Suddenly, that amazing tongue is lapping up the scotch between my tits. I nearly fly out of my skin when I feel you lick at my nipples though the sheer black fabric covering them.

My body arches up off the bed.

"Please, I need to cum again."

"You're so fucking greedy. It's just all about you isn't it." 

My laugh is cut off short as you drop to your knees between my legs and almost bite me through the drenched sheer fabric of my panties. 

"These have to go." You state, your voice commanding.

The room is filled with the sound of sheer ripping. 

I groan, "Yes. Yes! Do it."

"Shut up and hold your legs open wide for me." I immediately obey, loving you dominating me.

Like a starved man you eat my pussy. I can hear and feel the licking, sucking and teasing bites.

"Fuck, Glenmorangie never tasted so good."

"Spank me, please." I plead. 

All I hear is a muffled, "No." 

I am going out of my mind with wanting you.

I feel your fingers tease the hungry entrance of my pussy. Then suddenly they plunge inside. I almost come up off the bed still trying to hold my self open for you. And then you pull out to spank my cunt. It's just sensory overload as you alternate eating me, spanking me and finger fucking me.

"Is this want you want, baby? Me using your cunt for my pleasure?"

"Yes! Yes...please make me cum!" I look down, loving seeing you there.

"You wanna cum, honey?"

"Yes, please yes!"

"Then fucking cum for me, you slut."

One of your dripping wet fingers slides into my ass. You suck at my clit. Another finger pushes inside. Fucking my ass, I explode; cumming apart.

You can feel it. You can feel me pulsing for you. With your fingers still inside me you move up to kiss me. I lick my juice from your lips. The moment turns somewhat tender as we share my taste.

And then your fingers are in my mouth as you watch me licking and sucking them clean. It amazes you what I'll do when I am so aroused.

Unexpectedly, I slide away from under you to turn over; on my knees. My ass in the air.

"Fuck me. Give it to me, now!" I toss over my shoulder; looking back at you. My big, brown eyes filled with lust.

"You're such a fucking demanding bitch."

You slap my ass. Your hands dig into my hips and almost violently you drive into me, to the hilt. I drop my head down to the bed to get the best angle. You know I want you to bang me deep.

Arching my back like a cat in heat you nail that spot. The one that makes me cum over and over. Maks me get louder and louder. Your hand slides up the arch of my back to grasp my hair. You pull hard forcing my head back to look at you. Moving closer, your mouth at my ear you know how to show me who's in control. 

"You're so fucking loud. Is it because you just love getting fucked like this or because deep down you're just a slut?"

"Both," is my breathless reply.

Hearing you talk to me like that just does me in and I cum again. You drive all the way into me, digging your fingers into my hips and pulling my hair. 

"Fuck you're going to make me cum." "You want it bitch? You want my cum in your pussy?"

"Do it! Yes, do it. Fuck me, fuck me. Fill me up."

And then I feel it...you cumming deep inside me. Filling me.

We both collapse to the bed. You move your weight off me to lie next to me, your thigh over mine and your arm around my waist.

"That was amazing," I say turning slightly to look at you.

You rest for a moment caressing the smooth curve of my upturned ass and whisper, "That ass is mine in the morning." 

Playfully slapping my ass you get up for a quick shower. I go in after you and when I come out you are in bed naked and looking so gloriously well-fucked. Exhausted, I lie next to you. 

After a few moments I hear, "Come here," as your arms pulls me against you.

We both fall into a spent sleep. Hours later your alarm goes off. Reaching over to hit the snooze you then turn to fulfill your promise from last night, it's then you realize I am gone.

On the pillow is my torn panties and a note: 'Thanks for fuck *wink*, you owe me a new pair of panties.'