 I'm Kirsten. 27 year old, 5'2", 125 pounds, and a true redhead. My skin is pretty fair, and I have a splash of freckles across my face. I'm not huge up top (32C), but I do have a pretty well toned, generally athletic body. 

Recently I met a guy who was turning out to be a perfect friend with benefits. Trevor was fun, attractive, and he was more than willing to engage in sexual adventures without the expectation of developing a more exclusive relationship.

A couple weeks after we met, Trevor called me on a beautiful Saturday morning.

"Hey Kirsten! It's Trevor! You up?"

I groaned and held my phone back as I tried to focus on the time. 10:00 am. "Trev...hey...yeah I'm up."

"Great! I'll be at your door in 5 minutes to go hiking!" He sounded way to chipper for so early in the morning.

I freaked out, tossed back the covers, and jumped out of bed. "I'll be waiting! Sounds like fun."

Rummaging through my closet, I found a pair of baggy cargo shorts, a sports bra that wasn't too dirty, and a sleeveless tee shirt. I pulled my hair back into a loose french braid, decided it would have to do on short notice, and quickly washed my face. I was slipping into my hiking sandals when Trevor knocked on the door.

He was grinning ear to ear when I opened the door. "Hey!"

Pleased to see that he obviously approved of my look by the expression on his face, I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Ready to go!" I grinned back.

We stopped by a local coffee shop, then drove almost 45 minutes to a state park with trails winding through hilly terrain underneath old growth trees.

Trevor was chatty this morning as I was still really trying to wake up. He told me he frequently came to the park to ride his bike or to hike the trails, and I could see why. 

I let him lead the way as we took various twists and turns on a nicely maintained trail. I liked talking to him as we walked and time just melted away. With Trevor in the lead, we took a fork in the path onto a less well used trail which finally opened up into a beautiful meadow surrounded by trees. The open space was almost as long as a football field and maybe a bit wider.

The sunshine felt great against my skin as I emerged from the cool shade of the trees. Noticing right away how secluded the little clearing was, my thoughts naturally turned to sex. I love being naked outdoors. Having sex under a clear blue sky, with the sun on your skin, just feels sexy and animalistic. 

I let Trevor get about a dozen yards ahead of me as I took my time walking across the mid calf height grass. When we were about to the middle of the meadow, I stopped and pulled my tee shirt and sports bra over my head. Standing topless in the field, I called out to my friend in a sing songy voice.

"Treev...errrrrr..." 

I was unbuttoning my shorts when he turned around. He stood stone still and stared as I kicked off my trail sandals and pushed my shorts over my hips. I bit my lip shyly as my shorts hit the ground. 

I shrugged my shoulders, gave him a playful smile, and a little wave as a wicked grin crossed his face. 

"You want to play?" I teased as I twirled a lock of hair around my fingers.

He took a couple steps toward me, the lust in his eyes palpable. As he started to pull off his shirt, I took off running. Startled, he tossed his shirt aside, and took off after me. 

Trevor was fast, and I couldn't avoid him for long. After a couple minutes of zigging and zagging, he managed to grab my arm, spinning me around. He pulled my back to his chest, one hand clamping down on one tit, as he dropped his other hand between my legs. I struggled and wiggled, not allowing him anything easy. I managed to get some get leverage, and I tipped us off our feet onto the grass. We rolled over a couple times wrestling for position, my chest heaving from the exertion. After a brief struggle, I managed to roll over on top of his, straddling his body. I quickly grabbed his wrists and pinned them over his hand. My body was stretched taut over his, my tits almost in his face, my nipples stiff, begging to be sucked.

Breathing hard, a thin sheen of sweat covering my body, I just grinned at him as I started to grind my naked pussy against the obvious bulge in his shorts. It felt awesome, and a familiar pre-orgasmic tingling started to course through my groin and spread out through my body.

Before I reached the point of no return, I stopped and gave Trevor a wicked grin.

"You gotta do better than that if you expect to fuck me." I hissed between ragged breaths.

Without warning, I rolled to my side and off his body, quickly spinning over several times to get further from Trevor before springing to my feet. He was just getting to his feet when I took off running.

I heard him roar behind me, and I risked a look over my shoulder. He was charging at me like a lion determined to take down a gazelle. I switched into a higher gear and ran for my life.

I swerved and dodged, my braided hair whipping around me with every sharp turn, just out of reach of his grasping fingers. Laughing at the pure joy of racing around naked outside, I ducked and dodged, and egged Trevor on when he stopped to catch his breath. 

Totally naked in the warm sun, my hands on my knees, gasping, I couldn't help myself. "That the best you got? You don't want this?"

My eyes opened wide as he lunged at me with renewed vigor, and I took off again.

Finally, close to the tree line, half a field away from where I dropped my clothes, Trevor flat out tackled me. I crashed to the ground with a loud umph. Our bodies slippy with sweat, we rolled over and over on the soft grass wrestling for position. He was larger and outweighed me by at least 60 pounds, and he was determined this time to take what he wanted. I knew from his intensity that I was in for a rough ride.

While I had surprised him before, this time Trevor didn't given me any quarter. He quickly rolled me over, pinning my squirming body beneath his. I was facedown, my arms pulled up behind my back, the grass tickling my bare skin. He sat on top on of me, and I was only able to feebly kick my legs back to thump harmlessly against his back.

I strained and struggled hard to fee my arms, but he easily kept my wrists restrained with one hand. When I heard him unzipping his shorts, I began to struggle even harder, determined to make him work for his prize. 

I fought with increased intensity as he shifted his body and shoved his free hand between my legs.

I groaned when his fingers began to penetrate my pussy, and I squealed as Trevor roughly shoved them deep inside. 

My tits were pressed hard to the ground, and my squirming and wiggling was stimulating my nipples until they were painfully stiff. 

Trevor shifted his position, and I knew he was getting ready to fuck me. As soon as he pulled his fingers out of my cunt his grip relaxed just slightly on my wrists. I bucked up as hard as I could, catching him by surprise.

I managed to roll him off of me, and I was almost on my feet, before he tackled me again. I landed face first in the grass, and I was scrambling to get up when he jerked my hips into the air. At the same time he pressed hard on my back to force my chest to the ground.

I howled as he started to spank my ass.

"You bitch!" He growled. "Looks like you need to be taught a lesson."

"...Fuck you..." I hissed as he repeatedly slapped my bare ass with the palm of his hand, the sharp sounds of flesh on flesh echoing through the meadow.

We were both breathing hard, a sweat covering our bodies. I was exhausted from the struggle, but I was so fucking turned on I couldn't wait to get fucked. I needed to be fucked. I needed to be fucked without mercy. Trevor obviously felt the same, and he suddenly slammed his cock into my pussy with one violent thrust causing me to howl out again.

He held my hips in a death grip as he slammed into my aching pussy over and over. Trying to keep my balance, I reached up between my legs, moaning out loud as I began to masturbate.

My orgasm was sudden, violent, and mind numbing. My whole body shuddered and convulsed as I came hard. The violence of the my climax would have made me collapse to the ground if Trevor had not been holding me up. 

When the last spasm ended, and my orgasm faded away, Trevor pulled out and let go of my hips.

When he turned me loose, I did collapse onto the ground only to be roughly rolled over onto my back. Trevor quickly grabbed my legs and pressed them back to my head. His cock was so stiff, it needed no help sinking back into my dripping hole. 

Trying my best to thrust my hips up to meet his violent strokes, I cried out every time he hit bottom. I gritted my teeth and grunted and gasped as he fucked me like a wild beast. In no time, I was on the verge of cumming again. He sensed that I was begging to get off again, and he suddenly slowed down, fucking me with long, slow, tender strokes.

I clenched my jaw, shaking violently as another orgasm washed over me. This time it seemed to last forever, as I rode the slow thrusts of Trevor's wonderful cock. He let go of my legs, and I wrapped my heels tightly around his hips as he lowered his sweaty body to mine.

He buried himself deeply inside me, holding himself still as I shuddered and rode out the final shivers and shakes of my orgasm.

When he felt my body relax, he began to fuck me again. First with nice long, slow strokes, then gradually picking up speed and intensity. I stared into his eyes, stray locks of hair clinging damply to my face, my breathing ragged and shallow.

His body went rigid, and I felt his cock swell and throb against the walls of my pussy. I pressed on his chest and rolled off me. I whipped around just managing to get his cock into my mouth right as it unleashed a thick stream of cum. 

Trevor lay back on the grass moaning as I sucked him dry and licked him clean.

I crawled up and laid on my back next to him with my eyes closed, catching my breath and letting the warm sun dry my body. Ours hand roamed gently over each others bare skin as we wound down from our activity.

Eventually, I reluctantly got to my feet, gave Trevor a shy grin, and walked slowly back across the field naked to find my clothes.