 My wife, Samantha, is the jealous type. A little crazy, she's often concerned that I am cheating on her with co-workers, friends, customers, and such. She has often told me that if I ever cheat, she's gone. It's led to alot of arguments. Alot. My wife is beautiful and we have a very good life together. The sex is great, I'm happy. I would never cheat on my wife, or so I thought. 

A couple of weeks ago, our sitter, Rachel, was at our house at the end of the workday. Rachel has been our sitter for about a year now. She's eighteen, a gorgeous redhead, and has a body she obviously takes great care of. A tight and toned athletic body, with beautiful round full breasts and sensual curvy hips. A body that's hard not to stare at, though I always try to hide my admiration. I was sitting on the couch, ready to put my feet up, when she bent over right in front of me to pick up her purse. She was wearing tight jeans that day and a gypsy style top, and when she bent over I caught a glimpse of her sexy pink lacey bra. My eyes widened and my pulse quickened. I apparently held my gaze a little too long and caught a very disapproving look from Samantha.

A couple weeks later was Rachel's last week working for us. She was leaving for college on Saturday morning, but we needed her to work that Friday night so Samantha and I could go to a dinner party for work. She agreed and said she'd be happy to work one last night.

Friday night came, the party went great. Samantha and I had a few drinks at the party, her a few more than me. Samantha actually got pretty drunk, she has quite a low tolerance for alcohol. We headed home and got back just after midnight. Samantha was quite a bit drunker than I had realized, and actually stumbled through the door and giggled her way through the house. The house was quiet, the kids were fast asleep, Rachel sat half asleep on the couch. 

"Thank you so much Rachel, sorry for keeping you up so late." Samantha said, trying to hide her drunkedness.

"You're welcome," Rachel said as she yawned and stretched, arching her back. 

God those beautiful breasts pushing out against that t-shirt. "Don't stare idiot," I told myself. 

Rachel asked, "Mrs. Evans, I have to leave really early tomorrow, would you mind if I just crashed here on the couch tonite?" 

"Sure you can stay," my wife slurred and giggled. Then turned to me, "Can you get her a pillow and a blanket Steve, I've got to get to bed." 

"Goodnight Mrs. Evans," Rachel called out as Samantha headed to the bedroom. I did as instructed and handed Rachel her pillow and blanket, and headed to bed myself.

When I got to the bedroom, Samantha was laying naked on the bed. I walked over and said, "Well hello sexy." Quite drunk, she laughed and pulled me into bed by my belt. She grabbed the back of my head and kissed me deeply. I squeezed her naked ass and pulled her closer. She rubbed my dick through my pants and fumbled with my zipper. I kissed her neck and worked my hand up her thigh and brushed softly against her pussy. She was already wet and moaned softly, clutching my hair. We kissed passionately, groaning as our hands explored each other's bodies. Suddenly, I remembered the bedroom door was still open. I got up, walked across the room and quietly shut the door. I undressed and crawled back into bed, Samantha was passed out, no waking her up. There I lay on my back, pitching a tent with the bedsheet. Disappointed, I drifted off to sleep. 

I wasn't asleep very long when I woke up to a nice warm sensual blowjob. My eyes still closed and still half asleep, I moaned slightly, "Mmmm, baby that feels good." My dick was fully erect and throbbing. Then the oral stopped and I felt her softly straddle me. I put my hand on her hip ready to slide inside her, but something felt different. I opened my eyes, and by the hallway light shining through the partly open bedroom door I saw Rachel, fully naked mounted on top of me. "What the...," I mumbled. I looked to my right and saw Samantha with her back to us, still asleep. I looked back at Rachel in shock.

Rachel looked down at me and smiled. I shook my head side to side to signal my confusion, still trying to process what was happening. My God, she was more gorgeous than I had imagined. Her breasts round and perfect and her nipples erect. Her stomach tone and tight, her eyes passionate and lips inviting. Everything in my body said make love to this beautiful creature right now. My brain screamed, no idiot, your wife is right next to you. 

I looked into Rachel's eyes and whispered, "We can't." She smiled and lifted her body up far enough to take my dick into her hand and pull it up towards her pussy. She started to lower herself back down onto it. I lifted my knees and pushed my ass into the mattress and quickly put both my hands on her hips to stop my dick from sliding in. My dick rested just outside her pussy lips, I could feel her warmth and wetness. My mind was swimming.

"I wanna fuck you," she whispered softly. 

"No," I whispered, shaking my head nervously and glancing towards Samantha. 

She leaned forward, her breasts now resting on my chest, and put her lips next to my ear. She whispered, "Mr. Evans ju... mmmm," she stopped mid sentence and quietly moaned. As she had leaned forward, the new position allowed the head of my dick to barely spread her lips open and slide ever so slightly into her. 

She swallowed, took a breath, and began again, "Mr. Evans, just let me." 

Her breasts on my chest, that gorgeous fucking body, her lips touching my ear as she whispered was all driving me crazy. I shook my head, "We can't," I pleaded. 

A disappointed look came across her face for a moment and then she smiled slyly. "If you don't let me," she said, "I'll tell Samantha we've been having an affair, I know she saw you watching me." I was stunned and in disbelief. I looked over at Samantha, still asleep.

Rachel lifted up to her original position and now began to push her hips against my resistance. I couldn't stop her completely, so with each subtle thrust, the head of my dick spread her lips open and went slightly inside of her. She was so wet now, her juices ran down my shaft and pooled at the base. 

I was stuck, I didn't know what to do. Samantha would believe her story without a doubt, but if we had sex she would surely wake up and catch us. I closed my eyes and tried to think of a solution. "Let's go in the living room," I whispered. She smiled and shook her head no. She looked so beautiful, so fucking sexy. Those lustful eyes, she looked at me as if she was going to explode with passion. I had no choice.

I took one hand off her hip and raised one finger to my mouth, giving her the shhh sign. I took the other hand off and put my hands together. "Quietly please," I begged. She shook her head yes and smiled. 

She stopped pushing her hips, and as I lowered my legs she stayed where she was. With both hands pushing down on my chest and my dick barely touching her pussy lips, she smiled a devilish smile. I checked Samantha, still sound asleep with her back to us.

Rachel slowly lowered her pussy onto my dick, extremely slowly. She was so wet, so soft and warm, so fucking gorgeous. My head was now fully inside. God she was beautiful. 

"Mmmmm," she quietly moaned and arched her back as she slid further down. Slowly she took me in further, half way now. Her mouth opened, her eyes closed and her breathing stopped for a moment. "Ohhh God," she uttered as her hands dug into my chest and she took me all the way in. The walls of her pussy tightened and twitched around my dick. 

She kept me all the way in and just began to sway ever so slightly. Her pussy squeezed hard around my dick. She leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Oh God I'm gonna cum." Her body tightened, she locked her lips hard onto my neck, and slowly rocked on my dick, keeping me fully inside her. She tensed and breathed in deeply. "Hoohhhh," she moaned, then held her breath as she came hard and long. Then she relaxed, exhaled deeply, and melted limply on my chest.

"She came, my God I might get through this," I thought to myself. Samantha's still asleep, never stirred. 

Rachel straightened back up, her breathing returned to normal. Her face still flushed, she kissed me passionately. I was still hard, still inside her. She put her mouth on my ear and whispered breathlessly, "I want more." 

"Rachel," I pleaded with my eyes and tone. She lifted up until my dick was almost out of her , then she slowly lowered all the way back down. Again slowly all the way up and slowly back down. She raised again, her hands pushing down on my chest. Faster now, but still all the way up and back down, still slow but hard. Faster now, her pussy walls began to squeeze and release again, when suddenly Samantha moved slightly, adjusting in her sleep. I stiffened, scared to death. I looked at Rachael and put both hands on her hips but there was no stopping her. 

We had a rhythm now, faster, harder. The bed was beginning to move from the thrusting. She was on the edge of cumming again. I reached up and put my hands on both of those beautiful breasts. She bit her lip and pushed harder, she thrust faster, her body tensed and her head went back as she let out a breathless "hohhhh." Her groan a little too loud for my comfort, I looked again at Samantha. Rachel's pussy walls contracted hard against my dick, her body convulsed, her legs shook as she came hard again. Her body twitched, her hands were shaking as she exhaled loudly. She relaxed and lay on my chest again.

She composed herself, drew a deep breath and pushed hard all the way down on my dick and kissed me passionately. Samantha tossed once again and rolled over on her back. I froze and looked at her, luckily she was still asleep. Rachel gave me that devilish smile again, she bent down and whispered in my ear, "Goodnight Mr. Evans," and she quietly got up and left the room.

God I wanted her. I wanted to be alone with her, make love with her freely and explore that beautiful body fully. I looked over at Samantha still asleep, but she suddenly turned again to sleep on her left side facing me. I relaxed, dried myself off and drifted off to sleep once again.

I awoke in the morning with my dick being gently massaged and a leg draped over me. Alarmed, my eyes shot open. It was Samantha. "Good morning babe," she said. "Sorry about last night. Can I make it up to you?" 

"Absolutely," I responded, relieved it was her. She rose up, straddled me and kissed me deeply as she took me deep inside of her with a long moan. She began riding slowly and kissed me harder. I grabbed a handful of hair as I pulled her head down by my ear. I kissed her neck and as I thrust fully in. She moaned louder. 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw movement by the bedroom door. Rachel stood silently in the crack of the slightly open door watching us. A sly smile came across her face as we made eye contact. 

Samantha quickened her thrusts and her breathing quickened, unaware we were being watched. She rode faster and breathed heavily in my ear. "I'm cumming," she whispered as she rode me hard and fast.. I locked eyes with Rachel, unable to look away. I grabbed Samantha's ass and I came harder than I ever have. I lay there out of breath, Samantha still on top of me, her head by my ear. Rachel raised her hand to her mouth and blew me a kiss as she turned and left.