 Author's note: As mentioned in my profile, all of my stories are true unless stated otherwise (of course, names have been changed to protect the innocent). They are by no means in chronological order, as evidenced by this story, which happened to me just last night...



My husband, Kyle, and I have a very exciting sex life and have ever since we first met. We have fulfilled many of each other's fantasies (stories I will share at another time) and have learned exactly what to do to turn each other on. Yesterday we had just returned from shopping and dinner out and I was hanging up my coat in the closet when he came up behind me. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me in until my ass was pressed against his hardening cock. As he kissed my neck, one hand made its way up to my breasts while the other one snuck up under the hem of my dress. I moaned and rubbed my ass against his crotch as he rubbed me through my thong. Suddenly, he pulled away and walked up the stairs. I followed him up into our bedroom where he pushed me up against the wall and kissed me hard, one hand pawing roughly at my breasts.

"Is my horny little wife getting wet?" he asked me. I moaned in response, managing, with great difficulty, to reach behind my back and unzip my dress. I then grabbed onto his ass and pulled him tight against me. He yanked the dress down past my chest with no regard for the fabric and then proceeded to manhandle my bare tits. I wasn't able to do much other than grind my body against his, feeling his cock hardening even more. When he pulled away to yank my dress down past my hips and to the floor I took the opportunity to reach out and rub his cock through his pants. He responded by grabbing onto my wrists and pinning them against the wall, then leaning down and devouring my breasts.

It was Sean (the guy I wrote about in my first story) that wound up bringing out the submissive side of me several years ago, but Kyle had taken it to whole new heights. Although we do have some sessions where he roughs me up and calls me names (much to my delight, I might add), most of the time he does simpler things like pinning my wrists or pulling my hair.

After pinning me to the wall for a minute or two he finally pulled away and took off his shirt. Kyle keeps himself in great shape, standing at just over six feet tall and a very toned two hundred and ten pounds.

"You've got such a hot little body," he said to me. "You always make my cock so fucking hard!"

"I want you to fuck me Kyle!" I said. "I want you in my pussy and in my ass!"

"Don't worry baby," he said. "I'll make sure you get everything you want." He lifted both of my hands up over my head and pinned them to the wall once again, then reached down to rub my pussy through my thong. I did my best to grind up against him some more, but I wasn't very successful. "You're so fucking sexy," he whispered in my ear. "I'm going to make you cum over and over again!"

"Yes baby!" I said. "I want to feel you inside me so bad! My pussy needs you!"

He pulled my thong to the side and started to finger my shaved pussy as he kissed and nibbled on my neck. He hooked his fingers in deeper until he was practically lifting me off the floor by my pussy. He continued to finger my pussy until I came all over his hands, coating his fingers with my juices. He took his hand away from my pussy and used it to undo his pants and push them past his hips, keeping my wrists pinned the entire time.

"I'm so lucky to have you as my slut," he said. "I'm going to make you cum so fucking hard." He returned to fingering me for a couple of minutes before grabbing hold of my thong and tearing it off of me, leaving me totally naked. I tore one of my hands away from his grasp and reached into his underwear, rubbing his cock as he pushed his underwear down. He stepped out of his clothes as I spoke.

"I want to suck it for you," I said. He pulled me over to the bed and had me sit on the edge. I rubbed his cock for a minute, staring straight at it and licking my lips. Kyle's cock is a bit more than seven inches and quite thick. It's not the biggest I've had, but it's certainly not small either. I leaned forward and sucked just the head at first, gradually taking a bit more into my mouth.

"Take it down your throat, baby," he said to me. I've learned over the years how to relax my throat so that I am able to take his entire cock without gagging, although I built up to it slowly this time. "Such a dirty slut," he said as I finally took the whole thing. He grabbed onto my head and started to thrust in and out, fucking my face and making his shaved balls hit my chin. I've always loved giving oral, to the point that I'm sure I was enjoying it as much as he was.

"I'm so wet for you baby!" I said when he pulled out and rubbed his cock against my lips. "I need you in my pussy!" He shoved his dick back into my mouth and fucked my face for a couple of minutes before pulling out and pulling me off the bed. He grabbed onto my ass and lifted me up off the floor as I instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist. He let go of my ass with one hand and used it to put his cock against my pussy as he lowered me down onto it. One of the advantages of being petite is that it's relatively easy for guys to pick me up and fuck me standing. He moved back to the spot on the wall that we had vacated a few minutes ago and backed me up against it, proceeding to drill me with his hard cock.

"Your dick is so fucking big!" I said to him as he fucked me. He showed no mercy, pounding me so hard that my back was hurting from being driven into the wall. He knows I love it when he uses me for his pleasure, and that's exactly what he was doing. He made me cum again and then he carried me back over to the bed. He lowered me onto the mattress and stood at the side of the bed, bending his knees enough to have his cock in line with my pussy so he could continue to fuck me.

"You like that, don't you, slut?" he asked as he rammed into me hard and deep.

"I fucking love it!" I cried. "It feels so fucking good!" Just as I was on the verge of having another orgasm he stopped, forcing me to calm down a bit before resuming his rhythm. "Take my pussy baby!" I said. "I'm so fucking wet for you!" He continued to tease me, backing off every time I was close to cumming. He knew just how long to tease me before it started to become less enjoyable and then he pulled out. "Let me taste it!" I said. He got up on the bed and straddled my chest, putting the head of his cock against my lips and pulling my head up towards it. I opened my mouth and took the head between my lips, tasting my own juices on him. At this angle I wasn't able to take him very deep into my mouth, but I was able to suck the first couple inches of his cock with great enthusiasm.

"I love that taste!" I said, taking his cock out of my mouth so I could lick up and down the shaft. "And I love your fucking cock!" He let me suck on it for a couple of minutes before pulling away.

"Are you ready to take it from behind?" he asked. I nodded my head and he climbed off of me, flipping me onto my hands and knees. He got in behind me and quickly shoved his cock into my pussy, making me cry out. He grabbed onto my hips and started pulling me back into him with each thrust, hitting my cervix with the tip of his cock.

"Take that fucking cock, baby!" he said as I reached back and rubbed my clit.

"This feels so good, baby!" I said.

"Don't you cum yet!" he said. "I'll tell you when you can cum!" Just then I felt his hand come down hard on my ass, filling the room with a loud smacking sound. He continued to spank me as he fucked me hard, making me cry out.

"Take my pussy, baby!" I said. "Give me your fucking cock!" Again he teased me, stopping every single time I was close to cumming, making sure to tell me not to cum yet. At one point, when I knew I couldn't take it anymore, I felt him pull his cock all the way out. When I heard the drawer of the nightstand open I knew exactly what to expect. Kyle and I both love it when he fucks my ass, but we have a rule; he only gets to fuck my ass bareback if he's not going to put his cock back into my pussy. At the moment we are trying to get pregnant, so I knew he would want to cum inside me after he was done fucking my ass, so he was reaching into the nightstand for a condom. I heard him unwrap it and I continued to rub my clit as he put it on. I felt the cold sensation of lubricant being applied to my ass before I felt his cock press against it. I'm no stranger to anal sex, so I generally have no problem relaxing to allow his cock into me. Within minutes his entire cock was inside me and he began picking up the pace, fucking my ass steadily.

"You make me so fucking hard, you little slut!" he said.

"It's so big baby!" I cried. He removed my hand from my clit and began fucking my pussy with his fingers. That was enough to push me over the edge and I came hard, screaming out a few obscenities along the way. Once I was done cumming he wrapped his hand into my long, curly brown hair and pulled back on it. He fucked my ass harder, forcing me to arch my back as he yanked on my hair.

"You're such a dirty slut!" he said. "I love your fucking ass!"

"Yes baby!" I cried. "I'm your dirty anal slut! Oh god, I'm cumming again!" He let me finish cumming before he pulled his cock out and pulled off the condom.

"I'm going to fill your fucking pussy!" he said. He shoved his dick back into my pussy and, within moments, began flooding my pussy with his cum. This triggered another quick orgasm for me and we both grunted loudly as we came. When he finished cumming I collapsed forward onto the bed. He stayed with me, keeping his cock inside me as he flopped his body down on top of mine, kissing my neck and cheek as we basked in the afterglow.