 Andrea and John had lived next door to each other for several months before they'd even introduced themselves. Their doors were right next to each other and they were headed out at the same time. John was in his early thirties, athletic, brown eyes and hair, good strong facial features. Andrea was in her late twenties, with blonde hair down her back, a nice tan and well soft, yet tight and toned body. They made small talk for a few minutes and a week later ran into each other and sat on the steps of their apartment building drinking a few beers. She had on a sun dress, which in certain lights was almost see through, and when he was sure he wouldn't get caught he checked out her gorgeous tan tits, bare back and neck. Both had wanted something to happen but they had to work early in the morning and they lost their nerve. However, as they were climbing the steps John asked if Andrea would watch his cat while he was out of town for the weekend. She jumped at the idea to see how he lived and do some snooping.

The first night he was out of town she looked through his drawers and pictures of his girlfriends, finding some dirty pictures of one of them sucking his hard, fat cock. Seeing his cock, even in another woman's mouth made Andrea tingle and she slipped her hand down inside her white shorts and panties and teased herself as she kept digging. There were others of a few attractive women stripping and some of him slipping his cock in their pussies from behind. Soon after though she found something much better: homemade porn.

She didn't waste any time making sure his door was locked and bolted, sitting on his couch and sliding the tape in. It appeared that the camera was hidden somewhere near his bookcase, which made her think the girl didn't know she was being taped. She was a bit shocked but the idea of being filmed while fucking John turned her on to no end. She watched the woman sitting on the same couch she was, pumping John's beautiful cock in and out of her mouth, teasing his balls, while he reached down and fingered her pussy. She was really getting into it, taking him deep in her throat. Then, he slid her out of her black bikini panties and spread her legs, licking and sucking her until she began to squeal. Andrea undid her shorts, slipping them off with her panties and rubbed her pussy, fast forwarding to what she knew was coming up next: John fucking the girl. He bent her over the back of the couch, giving the camera a perfect view of her curvy ass in the air, his cock spreading her apart over and over again just like in the still photos. Andrea stood and walked around the backside of the couch, bending over in the same spot the girl was being rammed in, sticking her ass out, plunging her fingers in her pussy like she was being fucked hard. She tried to imagine she was that woman, biting her lip; legs spread shoulder width apart, her ass rippling with every thrust. 

John was slamming the hell out of her, pulling her hair and smacking her ass a bit rough, just how Andrea liked it. But what John did next made her horny beyond belief: he slipped his cock out of her pussy, applied a good coat of lube and guided it in her ass. Andrea loved anal sex, but sadly it had been almost three years since she'd had her ass fucked. Watching him pushing his cock in and out of her ass as the girl played with her pussy, Andrea fingered both her ass and her pussy. John pulled out and exploded all over her from behind as the girl got off. Andrea also came very hard and watched the tape two more times before he came back into town, making herself at home with her legs spread wide apart. The last time she brought her dildo over to his place and got herself so soaking wet she dripped all over his couch cover and secretly hoped he'd be able to tell she'd played with her pussy in his living room. She was careful to put his tape and everything else she might have moved while snooping back. 

The night he came back into town, John slipped a note under her door thanking her and saying that he'd get the extra key at some point during the week. She wanted to open the door but she was just in a pair of tiny shorts and tank top and didn't feel she looked her best. As soon as his door shut that's when she remembered she'd left her dildo somewhere around his couch, maybe between his cushions, or possible it had been pushed under something. She began to turn bright red thinking about what he would think when he found it. Would he think she was watching his video? Or perhaps just getting off on the thrill of fucking herself in someone else's place?

She knew she had to try and get it back right then, even if it was a bit late. She knocked on his door, just in her tank top and tiny shorts. He answered in a pair of jeans and no shirt and invited her in while he threw on something. She admired his strong back and shoulders, although she already knew exactly what every inch of him looked like from the video. He looked even better in person. 

"I hope I'm not bothering you too late, I just wanted to make sure everything was ok?" she said, making her way slowly to the couch. 

"Thanks again for looking in on my cat and keeping an eye on my place," he said, watching her try to shuffle towards the couch.

He asked her if she wanted anything and she said a glass of water, although a minute later she thought how stupid it was considering she lived five feet away. She sat on the couch, reaching back inside the cushions before he returned. She didn't find it. It made her think that maybe she'd taken it back to her place after all, but as he handed her the glass of water she could see he had something in his other hand which she immediately recognized as the jelly dildo she'd fucked herself with no less than one hundred times.

She turned red with embarrassment.

"So, just exactly happened here this weekend?"

"I don't know what to say, I'm so embarrassed."

"You just decided to play with yourself in my apartment?"

"To be honest, I came across your video and watched it and it turned me on a lot."

"Did you like watching me fuck my ex girlfriend?"

"Yes, I did," she said, looking at his shirtless body, feeling herself both embarrassed and excited at the prospect of what might happen next.

"Would you like me to fuck you like that?"

"Yes."

Andrea could feel her skin tingling with excitement wondering if he was just going to pull her clothes off right then and there and fuck her on the same couch she'd watched him pound his ex. But he didn't. He told her to go back to her apartment, take off all of her clothes, turn the lights down low, get into bed and leave the door unlocked. She said that she would.

After stripping her tank top and shorts off and adjusting the lights she lay in bed, waiting. She slid her hand down between her legs, feeling that she was damp, the lips of her pussy getting fuller thinking about what John fucking her mouth, pussy and ass. She heard him come in. He was still in just his jeans. He sat next to her on the bed and quickly tied a blindfold over her eyes, then tied off her hands over her head and her ankles so her legs were spread apart. She felt extremely vulnerable, totally naked, tied and blindfolded, every bit of her open to anything he wanted. She could feel his hands all over her body, running over her breasts, torso, hips, ribs and thighs, soft one second and then dragging his nails over her the next. When she least expected it, he took her nipples in his mouth or nibbled and bit her smooth skin. She could help but wiggle and moan, feeling herself getting wetter by the second. But then, instead of continuing to tease her like this, he untied her legs and flipped her.

"Put your ass in the air for me," he said.

She pushed it up a few inches off the surface of the bed.

"More than that, I want your ass high in the air for me."

Again she pushed her curvy, smooth ass in the air, rising up on her knees. He grabbed her by the hips and pushed up even higher so her upper body was pushed into a pillow, pulling against her wrist ties. Now she really was vulnerable, her ass in the air, legs spread apart enough that she knew her pussy and ass were totally visible to him. She could sense that John was admiring her, deciding what he wanted to do to her next. That's when she felt the sharp crack against her ass, which stung for a few seconds. Then he smacked the other side of her ass, back and forth like this four or five times. She was wiggling and squirming, biting her lip. The image of John in the video slamming his hard cock in the other woman flashed before her, and she considered begging him to fuck her and stop teasing her.

"How many times did you fuck yourself in my apartment?" he asked.

"Three times," she said, just as he smacked her ass again.

Then she felt him begin to stroke her pussy with the palm of his hand slowly, which sent chills up and down her body. At last, she thought, he's going to fuck me.

"What parts did you like the most?" he said as he teased her pussy, making her so wet she could feel herself soaking his hand.

"Watching you fuck her hard. It made me wish you were fucking me like that," she moaned as she rocked back into his hand, wanting to feel more pressure.

He smacked her ass again.

"What else?"

"That was my favorite part."

"I think you're lying," he said.

She could feel the bed shifting and she wondered what he was up to. She could hear the buttons of his jeans being opened, hoping he would soon be spreading her apart. But instead he sat at the headboard, near her face. That's when she felt the full, wet tip of his cock against her lips. She was shocked at first, but then she began sucking it, wanting to take him in her mouth. She started to turn towards him, lowering her ass, but he pulled his cock out of her mouth and smacked her ass.

"Keep your ass in the air, or I'll tease you and then leave."

She pushed her ass high in the air again and soon his cock was back in her mouth. As she sucked him, she felt the tip of her jelly dildo against her pussy. The next thing she knew he was fucking her with it, pumping his fat cock in her mouth. The deeper she sucked him, the deeper he fucked her with her dildo. Her ass and hips were wiggling, pushing back into the fake cock, wanting him to push it as deep as it would go, or better yet, replace it with his real cock. Then, without saying a word he pulled both the fake and real cock out of her. 

"I'm not going to do anything else until you tell me what really turned on about the video."

"I just loved the part where you had her bent over and was fucking her hard. I want you to fuck me like that."

He drove his cock deep in her mouth and then pulled it out leaving her begging to be fucked, or to suck him, or all of it at once. 

"OK. I also loved when you fucked her ass."

"You like anal sex huh?"

"A lot."

With that he knelt behind her and begin working the head of his cock in and out of her pussy, teasing her. Once he had all of his fat, hard cock in her, slamming her, she felt him finger her ass. She loved the feeling of her having her pussy filled and her ass teased, coupled with the vulnerable position she was in. She was so horny, he could have done whatever he wanted to her.

She moaned out, telling him to fuck her hard. Soon his body was slamming against the smooth, curvy flesh of her ass as he pushed her deeper into the pillow. Then she felt her jelly dildo at the entrance of her ass, working the head in and out like she was taking two cocks at the same time.

"Do you like that?"

"Oh god, yeah," she moaned, "fuck my ass, put your cock in me."

But he didn't, he just kept grinding and wiggling his cock in her, pushing more and more of the dildo in her. She wondered how she looked and maybe if sometime he would make a videotape with her.

Andrea felt herself getting closer to cumming, and he seemed to be able to tell, slipping a good four or five inches of the dildo in her ass. She let out a moan, it being the first time in while she'd really had her ass filled. That put her over the edge.


"Fuck me, oh god," she moaned out.

She slid down on the bed flat, catching her breath. She could feel his hands running down her back, stroking her ass. She could hear him applying more lube to his cock and she knew he meant to fuck her ass. He straddled her, slipping the full, hard dead in. He was just a bit bigger than her dildo. After a minute or two of easing his cock he began fucking her ass, reaching between her legs, playing with her pussy. He made her tell him how horny she got watching him fuck his girlfriend's ass. He was so turned on, having teased and fucked her for so long soon he was cumming all over her spread open ass. She could feel wave after wave of hot cum shoot out all over her as he continued to rub her clit. She came again.

She took off the blindfold and they lay there for a minute. That's when he noticed the video camera sitting on a table, pointed right at her bed. 

"Can I get a copy?" she asked.

"You're going to have to come over tomorrow night and do a few things for me. I'll slip a note under your door and let you know what I want you to wear and exactly what you need to do to get a copy."

She couldn't wait.