 "Do you like what you see? Hmmm?" Mel asks, teasing as usual, "Not so much? Hmmm? (pouting noise) We'll see. Well, anyway, take a good look and we're turning the light off!"

Uh oh. I hesitate, but I take a good hard look in her direction, then gulp and switch off the light for her.

I faintly hear her rustling and can only imagine what her fingers, and my fingers for that matter, must be planning for me.

"Hey, I told you to take a good look before you turn off the lights, but you were looking at your cock when you turned the light out! What about me?" I can feel her pout from the way her words form around it.

I can only laugh out loud.

"Let me guess Mel, only your mouth, right?"

"Yep, I suppose." Still sounding a little hurt.

"And what about only just my hands this time, Mel?"

"Honey, that's up to you tonight. I'll bet you may just need them. But, yup. I think I am going to have no problem at all making you cum your little heart out using just my mouth. I am afraid that's what we've come to tonight!"

I laugh again, a little wary this time – we are shrouded in darkness, this could work in her favor. This could play right into her hands...excuse me, this could play right into her mouth, just her mouth.

"Are you there," Mel reaches through the dark to touch me using only just her mouth. My skin prickles with anticipation and I jump involuntarily. Fuck, how does she do this? Better yet, WHY does she do this? And my constant appreciation prayer question to the gods and goddesses: why does she choose me to do it to?

"Feel this, baby? This..." she trails of the word into a snaky sibilance. 

"God I want to touch you so bad baby," I whimper pretty much like a five-year-old candy craver. "My hands are so hungry, so fucking starved for...to..."

"Ahhh, so sorry to have to be the one to break the news to you, Cowboy, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to be firm here – I know I'm being firm," she adds, "because here in the dark where you can't see I am first feeling my right titty. Yeah, oh yeah, she be firm. 

"Now...my left nipple. How are we little one?" I hear a slight rustle, "Well, well, well. We are bigger and bigger now? Oh, yeah, left nipple pretty much firm too. 

"And now," she tortures, "I'm reaching down to my...what's this cold hard thing, for Christ sake? Oh, heh, yeah, my new belly button ring. I didn't show you this today before you left for work did I? Well, just stay where you are for now, I'll show you when the lights come back on and you see me!

"But," she murmurs, "I digress. I have to be firm about you not touching me with your hands tonight!" 

It's exactly like I hear, rather than feel, her slap. 

"I told you only just my mouth, baby! I really mean it this time!"

"Hey, what are you doing with your hand? I clearly just heard you rustle!"

"Don't worry, darling, that was just my dick."

"Whew, okay, nice. Good save. Well, just my mouth gets along just fine with just your hands on just your dick. You just can't touch me tonight. Got it? I need for you to understand that you cannot cross that line tonight of all nights, hmmm?"

"Baby?" she tests me.

"Yes, Mel. Just my hands, just my dick, just your mouth."

"Feel my breath?" she orders me with a question mark.

I do as she says. I freeze, and let my senses go in the dark, and suddenly I shiver so hard I almost jump off the bed as her breath miraculously seems to flow across my skin like the sweetest blanket of love and lust – technically this is impossible, but it feels like she is covering every inch of my expectant skin, searching with breath for someplace to put just her..."

"Tongue?" she whispers. "Are we ready for tongue, baby?

"I got your tongue, babe. Ready for just my tongue? How about my tongue...in..your...ear?" 

I jump and shiver again, bracing myself.

"You felt that, hmmm? Good." Soft rustle sound.

"Now my tongue on your balls. Mmmm." Her mouth goes muffled and I lift my cock high automatically, as though I can control what she is doing to me. Not a fucking chance tonight. I have never been so firmly in her grasp.

"Oh, god, Mel," I whine, "You are not going to...not...?"

"And this," she goes on nonplussed, must be my lips framing, circling, moistening your lower...yes, that thing, for my tongue. You showered well, didn't you? I forgot...my tongue is reaching...to...right to the edge of your tightening little...I forgot to ask you earlier about showering...the edge of your..."

I feel so tense I leap up and almost kick the night stand over. Mel gets it immediately and laughs merrily, and withdraws her tongue for now.

"Oh, baby," she's back reaching through the dark now, crooning, "I was just getting to my lips – which lips, by the way, for your information, are pretty much coated with a sweet, salty, thick layer of...not you yet, but, pungent, perfect, Mel's pussy."

I can't believe my groan doesn't wake the neighbors.

"Yes." she goes on, totally oblivious to me and my perspective in this nerve-ratcheting fuck of a lifetime. "My lips, my cunt covered lips, are really, really, really wanting to settle over the knob of your slick, thick – I would almost say slimy slick – cock head, and then slip and slide down, and sideways, and around, and corkscrew, and suck, suck, suck (did I say suck?) as they descend, licking your nerves through a cover of your clear cum and my spit. But, and a big but here: much to my surprise, darling, I find your hand right where I was going to put my lips."

I can't believe I am feeling the surge now, and as bad as I crave her mouth I can't control it, exactly according to her plan I am sure.

Mel senses it like a demon in the dark and her mouth pounces again, "Are you coming to me, baby? Already? Are you coming? Okay then baby. Just do it then. Come to mama. Let your stuff go, baby. Fuck it for us!"

I gasp and groan voraciously and tense up into steel, desperately trying to feel what direction she is from me and turning my best guess toward her to at least hurl my stuff her direction! 

She apparently gives it up too, figuring I am too far gone.

"Oh, NO!" she yelps.

Her mock terror cascades over me through the darkness, her voice shrill and piercing.

"Me TOO! I'm...going...to..fuck me! Fucking going to...doing it NOW...!"

"Fucking COME!!!" we both yell at the same time, then our voices drop away into stark, dead silence as my sperm jets straight up, dreamily straight south toward Mel's magnificent mouth, her beautiful breasts, her crushing coming cunt. 

Silence, then. Totally, completely silence (except for our own personal fuck noises that we've made as individuals in the night since our earliest sexual awakenings, and which we still encourage in each other) – self-fuck silence for two as we both jerk wildly and thrash so hard it seems exactly like each of us is the only fucking one on the bed!

I finally plop back like a sack of seed on a farm store floor, groaning like a ghost in a ghetto.

My torso is covered with cum. My hands are dripping with cum. I have fucking cum on my chin, probably in my hair.

I can't move or use my hands, so I simply turn my face in the darkness toward where I last heard her delectable lover wife playmate soul-buddy fuck-friend Mel voice.

I bring my lips as close as I can to where I last heard her voice and whisper, a little louder than usual, to make sure she hears.

"Mel, darling? Mel, did you come?"

Barely audible in the darkness, very low and quiet, I finally hear her.

"Oh, baby, I think I made myself come with just my own mouth! And well, with a little help from just my hands."

"Mel?"

"Yes, baby?"

"Do you have my cum all over you?"

Pause.

"Oh, yeah, baby. I have your delicious cum all over my fucking life! My whole body is drenched! You are such a, such a, powerful, powerful, powerful mighty man! My mighty man. I know for certain you shot your cum farther than all the other boys put together when you were a high school jock! You shoot it so far! Baby, I am fucking drowning in your cum!" Silent pause.

"That pause is me just licking it up as fast as I can, baby."

"I love you, Mel."

"I love you, too darling. More than you know. But, my mouth is really tired now and I need to sleeeeeep. Are you sleepy? Good sleepy?

"Yeah, baby, good sleepy."

"Let's drift off then, hmmm?"

"Let's."

A little more silence.

"Well, good night, darling."

"Good night, lover. Can't wait to see you when it's not so dark."

"I'm going to hang up now."

"I'll hang up too."

Distant giggle.