 "It's strange that in the six years we've known each other we've never once tried to get it on." Luke absently stroked Jade's long dark hair, his fingers combing through the strands. She lay with her head on his lap and her legs extended along the length of the couch. "Why's that, do you think?" 

The sound of cheering drifted from the game show playing on the television and empty dishes from their takeout dinner littered the coffee table. The drapes were closed, a lamp on the side table throwing a wide arc of light over his living room. 

Jade smiled, her eyes drifting shut as his fingers raked through her hair. "Because you're a shameless man-whore who uses phrases like 'get it on'. That's why." 

He chuckled and toyed with the sapphire stud in her ear. "That explains why you haven't thrown yourself at me -- pretty judgemental on your behalf, by the way - but it doesn't explain why I haven't tried to lure you into bed." 

Jade opened her eyes and looked up at him, taking in his dirty blonde hair, his sensual mouth and deep blue eyes. A day's worth of stubble covered his jaw and his black t-shirt stretched taut across his chest. His good looks combined with his laid-back personality meant most women wanted him within five minutes of meeting him. He'd always used his warmth and charm to his advantage, so why had he never tested his abilities on her? 

It didn't take her long to come up with the reason for his behaviour. "I think it's because you respect me," she said. 

He let out an amused breath. "I don't want to sleep with you because I respect you?" 

Jade smiled at the humour in his tone. The more she thought about it the more it made sense. He had so many options when it came to women that he'd never needed or wanted to push the boundaries with her. She'd met him through his younger sister, and when Ellie had moved to Italy three years ago they'd both turned to each other to fill the void she'd left in their lives. Their friendship had grown and she now counted him as one of the most important people in her life. It would only take one quick test to prove he felt the same way about her. 

She pushed herself up to a kneeling position and faced him, wrapping her fingers around his wrist. "Watch, I'll prove it to you." His expression turned wary as she guided his hand towards her. "Touch my boobs," she said.

He let out a shocked laugh and lifted his arm above his head. "No! What's wrong with you? I'm not touching your boobs." 

She arched her back, pushing her breasts out in invitation. It took all of her control to keep the smile from her face. She shouldn't enjoy teasing him so much, but the look on his face was priceless. "Why not?" 

"Because..." His gaze roamed her body, drifting over the crimson t-shirt moulded to her breasts, moving further down to the tanned legs revealed by her black shorts. His chest rose and fell with deep breaths. His hand flexed in hers, still above his head. He took a slow tour back up her body and met her eyes again, letting out a frustrated breath. "Because you're good and decent and I fucking respect you, okay? Jesus. You've given me a hard-on." 

Jade released his wrist, trying her damnedest not to laugh. "Sorry." 

He flicked a sideways glance at her and nudged her leg with his knee. The barest hint of a smile appeared. "I can tell when you're being sincere. That's not your sorry face." 

She let out the laugh she'd been struggling to hold in and relaxed beside him, resting her hand on his jeans-clad thigh. "You're the one who should be apologising. You don't want to sleep with me because you think I'm too nice. How insulting is that?" 

"Let's not start hurling accusations, okay? You called me a dirty man-whore." 

"I did not say 'dirty', and if it walks like a duck..." 

"That's it." He growled and dragged her over him to straddle his thighs, grabbing both of her hands in his. He held her still and stared her down, attempting a glare that didn't look as scary as it was supposed to because he kept fighting against a smile. "Take it back, Jade." 

She couldn't resist sending him a smirk just to stir him up some more. "Or what?" He'd placed her too far back on his legs for her to feel his erection, but after seeing the heat in his eyes she'd bet almost anything it was still there. A sudden urge came over her to slide closer and find out for sure. 

"I'll hold you down and tickle you until you do. We both know how that'll turn out." 

She'd always ended up a squirming mess on the floor with tears streaming down her face. She had no desire to be put through that again right now. Jade shook her head swiftly and clamped her elbows against her sides. "I didn't mean what I said, okay? You're pure and wholesome and proper." 

"Too late now, my feelings are hurt. You're going to have to find a way to make it up to me." 

Jade snorted and tried to pull her hands free. "I bet I can guess what you have in mind." 

He tugged her towards him and smiled as he kissed the tip of her nose. "If I didn't know better I'd think you were coming onto me. It's a pity you're not my type." 

"You might want to tell that to your little friend. I don't think he got the memo." 

Luke let out a bark of laughter. He released her hands and curved his palms around her waist, pulling her closer. She settled over his lap, the snug position leaving no doubt about whether or not his erection had subsided. 

His laughter quietened and the mood shifted between them. Their eyes met and she smiled, overwhelmed by the affection she felt for him. She reached out to stroke his cheek and he moved his head slightly, as if he wanted to turn his face into her palm but thought better of it. 

"Have you ever wondered what we'd be like together?" she asked softly. 

His thumbs swept over the curve of her hips. "I told you before, you're kind and decent and all I want at this point in my life is wild, no-strings-attached sex. The two don't go together." 

"You've never once thought of me in that way?" 

His gaze flicked to her mouth. "I've pictured you naked if that counts." 

She tucked her hair behind her ear. "Really?" 

"Yeah." He reached up and tapped her chin with his forefinger. "Don't look so pleased with yourself. I'm a man, it's what we do." 

Jade let out a breathy laugh and tipped her head slightly to one side, her gaze travelling over him while she tried to decide if her next question would cross any kind of line. "Will you let me try something?" she asked. "Just out of curiosity?" 

"Such as?" 

"I want to kiss you." 

His eyes narrowed. "Why?" 

"I don't know, I guess I just want to know what it's like between us. Just one kiss, nothing more. You can even hold my hands again to make sure I don't feel you up." 

He raised his brows. "What if I want to be felt up?" 

She raised her brows back at him. "Then you can let go of my hands." 

He kept his eyes on hers and grabbed her wrists, guiding them behind her back. He clamped them together at the base of her spine, holding her tightly. The change in position caused her breasts to thrust out mere inches from his mouth. His gaze lowered for just a fraction of a second, letting her know it hadn't gone unnoticed. 

Her attention dropped to his lips. Jade tried to imagine what it would feel like kissing him for the first time in a way that wouldn't -- couldn't -- be classed as platonic. His mouth was firm and sensual, so inviting. Why had she never noticed that before? Her humour disappeared and she swallowed hard. 

Luke watched her closely, his blue eyes taking everything in. 

"What?" she asked, feeling as if she'd suddenly lost her footing. 

"Nothing. It's just..." He gave her wrists a firm tug and she sucked in a breath. "This is turning you on." 

She let out a harsh sigh. "I can't help it. I get turned on over a new pair of shoes. It doesn't mean anything." 

His mouth lifted at one corner. "You realise this is going to change everything between us." 

She shook her head. "It won't. I care too much about you to let that happen." She moistened her lower lip and leaned closer. "I know you feel the same way." 

"Still..." 

"Just...shhh." She pressed her lips to his forehead, letting them linger there for a while, soaking up the warmth of his skin. Faint traces of his clean, crisp cologne drifted towards her, teasing her senses. His free hand swept up and down her arm, leaving shivers in its wake. She leaned back and took her time looking him over, drinking in the view of him while she decided where her mouth should go next. 

He gazed up at her, his expression filled with amusement. "Are we done?" 

Jade smiled and touched her lips to cheek. "Not even a little bit." She grew bolder and moved her mouth to his neck, leaving a trail of light, sucking kisses over his throat; a gentle lick here, a nibble there. His pulse beat strong and steadily, his chin lifting to allow her easier access. Her mouth travelled up to the curve of his jaw and his whiskers prickled against her lips. She pressed a soft kiss there, then another, revelling in the masculine feel of him. "You smell good," she said, nuzzling his throat. 

His responding Mmmm vibrated against her lips. 

She nibbled his ear and flicked her tongue at the lobe. Jade knew she shouldn't torment him in this way, but the more she touched him, the more of him she wanted to touch. His hand kept both of hers secured behind her back and she strained against his hold, needing physical contact with him. Her breasts pressed against his chest and a low growl rumbled in his throat, her heartbeat quickening at the sound. His grip tightened, his strength causing a sudden, inexplicable craving inside her. 

"Jade, if you don't get this over with quick," Luke said, his voice growing huskier, "I might get the impression you're a cock-tease." 

Oh, God. The sound of his deep voice uttering the word 'cock' had a jolt of pleasure rushing through her. She pulled back to look into his eyes, surprised by the need she saw there. With his clenched jaw and his steely hardness beneath her, she knew it would only take the slightest encouragement from her to throw them both into chaos. 

Her hands jerked in his, she wanted them free so she could touch him. Somehow knowing he wouldn't let her go only heightened the confusing feelings crashing around inside her. His hips shifted beneath her, bringing her into closer contact with his erection. Her breathing turned shallow and she closed her eyes, fighting the need to moan. 

How could she be feeling this way when they'd barely touched? She hadn't even kissed him properly yet. 

It suddenly hit her and she drew in a sharp breath. "I lied," she said, opening her eyes and staring at him in wonder. She'd not only fooled him with her words, but herself as well. "I want more." 

"I know." He released her wrists and they sat watching one another. The tension in the air had become unbearable. "Don't blame me when it all turns to shit." 

"It won't." 

"We'll see." He sank his fingers into her hair, dragged her against him and crushed his mouth to hers. 

She barely had time to brace herself before it all spiralled out of control. Jade hung on and kissed him back, thrusting her tongue against his. One hand plunged into his hair while the other wound around his neck. Her knees clamped either side of his thighs and she pressed down against his erection. His answering groan had desire surging inside her. There were no teasing touches now; it was all heat and hunger. She wanted him. All of him. 

Luke slid one palm down her spine, curving over her ass. He squeezed her flesh and moved his mouth to her throat, leaving quick, damp kisses over flushed skin. "Fucked if I know what's happening here," he said, lifting his head to look into her eyes, "but my God, I want you." 

The intensity in his gaze left her breathless. She gasped and pressed her mouth to his, her tongue plunging between his lips, her hands roaming his body. Heat radiated off him and his muscles flexed beneath her fingers. His strength aroused her in a way she'd never thought possible. She hadn't looked at him in this light before. Now she couldn't imagine seeing him any other way. 

Luke's mouth left hers just long enough for him to grab the hem of her t-shirt, drag it up her body and toss it aside. She sat before him in her shorts and a blue lace bra, her hair draped over one shoulder, her lips swollen. Breathless and needy, she reached for him again. He groaned and kissed her hard, flicking open the clasp on her bra and whipping it from her body. His hand closed over her bare breast, massaging her flesh, his thumb sweeping across her nipple. A thrill shot through her and she pressed herself to him, holding him tight. Her tongue caressed his, her fingers digging into his shoulders. 

Luke pushed himself off the couch and took her with him. He helped her to her feet and worked on her zipper, shoving her shorts and panties over her hips. He pulled her to him again, giving her the impression he didn't want to let her go for more than a few seconds. It only made her want him more. 

"Oh, God, Luke...this is...I need you." Jade stepped from her puddled clothes and grabbed fistfuls of his t-shirt, peeling it over his head. Their lips met again and she poured everything into the kiss. She fumbled with the button on his jeans, dragging them open. 

Before she could free his erection he lifted her in his arms and gripped her ass. "Bed," he said against her mouth. "Upstairs."

She clutched his body, linking her ankles at his back and sinking her hands into his hair. He walked with her into the hallway, took a couple more steps towards the stairs. Jade slid her fingers into his open jeans and clasped his erection, squeezing his length. She pulled her mouth from his, her breaths panting from her. "Now," she said. "Now." 

Luke let out a deep groan and shoved his boxer briefs over his erection. He stood with her wrapped around him, one hand clasping the back of her neck. The other hand gripped his cock, rubbing it slowly up and down her damp pussy. Jade tucked her face in against his throat and released a strangled cry as he guided it inside her. She pushed her hips towards him to meet the thick glide of his cock, her eyes closing as he filled her. Exhilaration and arousal had her pulse racing, her skin flushing. Her stomach reeled with pleasure. 

He pulled back and drove into her again, his breaths harsh, his body tense as she took him in. He made his way to the foot of the stairs and leaned down, his palm flattening against a carpeted step while his other hand took her weight. Jade felt the press of the stairs against her back, the tension in his muscles beneath her fingertips. She lifted her chin and looked into his eyes; they were fiery in their intensity, roaming her face, her breasts, taking everything in. He sank into her and retreated again. 

"Ahhh...Luke...that's so good." His thrusts pushed her back against the stairs, the carpet abrading her skin. His chest brushed against her nipples, hardening them to tingling points. He leaned in and kissed her, his quick breaths expelling against her cheek. The sensations overwhelmed her. She needed to come. She needed it so badly. He plunged inside her over and over, his movements so deep, so forceful, she knew it wouldn't take long. 

Jade hooked her hands over the backs of his shoulders and met his thrusts with bucking hips. A groan rumbled in his throat and he kissed her harder, his fingers gripping her ass. His speed increased and she felt it building inside her.

Her stomach dipped and her back arched. Jade tore her mouth from his and tilted her head. His lips moved to her throat and she dragged in a breath as it came over her. It crashed in a wave that sucked her under, had her shaking, pulsing around him. "Oohhh..." Her thighs clenched and she held on tight. The tip of his tongue traced the length of her throat. Desire surged and her hips lifted. She let out a loud sigh and collapsed, trembling, against his supporting arm. 

"Ahhh, Jade." His thrusts eased to a slow grind and he pressed his mouth to hers. His lips moved softly, his tongue caressing hers. Knowing he was close had excitement building inside her all over again. His stomach muscles tightened and with a quiet groan he shuddered and came inside her. Her eyes closed and her heart pounded as he gave one final shove, his sound of surrender one of the most erotic things she'd ever heard.

Even after everything they'd shared, after everything he'd made her feel, all she could think now was: More. His mouth left hers and she wrapped her arms around him, resting her lips against the racing pulse in his throat. 

He braced himself on one elbow while he recovered and Jade's eyes opened as the silence settled over them. She considered how this might change their relationship, her stomach churning at the thought of what he might be feeling right now. She wished she hadn't turned down his offer of wine during dinner, at least then she could have blamed the alcohol for starting all of this. He'd warned her it would change everything between them, she just hoped it didn't change things for the worse. 

Luke finally turned and sank down on the stairs, pulling her sideways across his lap. He rested his forehead against hers and Jade held her breath while she waited for him to speak. The seconds were torturous as they ticked away. His palms clasped her face and he eventually let out a sigh. "What the hell was that?" he whispered. 

She let out the breath she'd been holding, the humour in his tone helping alleviate her fears. Jade bit her lip and smiled, trying to control the hope rising inside her. "I don't know, I've never experienced anything like that before. I wish I'd thrown myself at you years ago."

He chuckled and kissed her cheek, his lips lingering on her skin. "It answers one question at least," he said. 

"What's that?" 

"You look even better naked than I imagined."

Jade laughed and threaded her arms around his neck, pressing a quick kiss on his mouth. When she meant to pull away he cradled the back of her head and urged her closer, taking the kiss deeper. Their lips moved together, his hand sinking into her hair to keep her near. The warmth of his touch eased her worries and set her mind at rest.

They both cared about one other, of that much she was sure. With that as a basis to build on, she knew they'd find a way to make this work.