 'So this is how it ends', thought Jamie as he gathered his things. 'Goodbye, Paige.'

'Jamie...' came her faint voice. She walked towards him, wiping away tears. 

He only nodded in response, slung his bag across his shoulder, and made for the door.

'Jamie...' came Paige's voice again. He stopped and turned around to face her. 

'Yes?' 

'One last kiss to end it all?'

He did not respond. 

'Just one kiss? One kiss,' she repeated.

He stayed where he was. Frozen. He knew this was not a good idea, but he wasn't making his way to the door either. He just stood there as Paige moved closer. With every step she took, his mind ran through all the pros and cons.

'Just one kiss.' He said as she reached him.

An entire foot shorter than him, Paige reached up to caress his neck. She stood on tiptoes as he bent his neck down for one last kiss.

It was a small kiss at first. Their lips were closed, but as Jamie started to pull away, Paige put her other hand around his neck. Her tongue darted over his lips and soon Jamie found himself gasping for breath as they shared a deep all consuming kiss. 

It was as if all the frustration and anger of the past year poured into that kiss. 

He sensed Paige further rise on her toes, pressing herself closer. He responded by wrapping his arms around her waist, lifting her a bit, and crushing her to him. She moaned and Jamie felt blood rush to his crotch. 

She was so soft and yielding. The smell of her shampoo was intoxicating and above all, she felt so good against him.

Paige's hands roamed all over Jamie's body. In her head, if this was her last kiss with this man, she was gonna make it hard for him to forget it. 

Her fingers ran through his hair, lingering at his nape. She knew he liked that best. 

Her other hand slid beneath the collar of his shirt. She wanted to feel his skin underneath her palms. It felt like he was burning up and she imagined him stretched over her, both of them moving in rhythm. 

The feel of her hand on his bare skin had the opposite effect on Jamie. It felt like a bucket of ice water was thrown over him and pulled away. 

Panting, he lowered Paige to her feet and took a step away. One arm remained behind her back, supporting her because he had seen her wobble a bit. He didn't feel as steady himself. 

'That was more than just a kiss,' he said, instantly hating himself for stating the obvious. When she did not respond, he let her go, turned his back on her, and made for the door again. 

'Jamie...' her voice was deep and heavy with lust, the same lust that coursed through his veins, lust that throbbed in his pants. 

Giving in, he dropped his bag, rushed towards her and half carried her across the room to press her against a wall. 

His hands were on her hips. He did nothing else but stare at her. Not saying a word. He stared at her tear streaked face. Tears he tasted earlier as he kissed her. He stared the longest at her red lips, crushed from the kiss. Finally, he looked her in the eyes.

"Jamie..." she said again, but before his name was fully out of her lips, he crushed them to his. He lifted her hips towards him. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around him. 

Without breaking the kiss, he pressed his crotch into her. He had to make her feel how hard she made him. He had to make her feel how he felt. 

Once she started to grind against him, he moved one hand over to her breast. He squeezed it hard through her shirt, through her bra. His other hand searched for one of hers and pinned it above her. She laced her fingers through it. Her other hand was on his nape again. It sent electric shocks through his body. To his crotch.

Jamie broke the kiss and nibbled on her ear. Paige moaned, arched towards him, almost setting them off balance. 

To steady them, he moved his hands to her butt. Staring into her eyes, he pressed her further into his crotch, moving her up and down in the motion of making love. The sensation was glorious over his clothes. He nearly came in his pants imaging how it would feel when he was finally sheathed in her. 

It had an effect on her as well. She let out a moan, wrapped one arm around his neck, and started kissing him deeply. Her other hand made its way to front of his shirt, where it expertly popped the buttons she had access to. 

His legs were burning at this point, but the last thing he wanted to do was stop. 

'Bed,' he said and she understood. Without breaking the kiss, they made their way to the bedroom. Her hands undressed him, popping each button, and helping him take his shirt off. His hands were equally busy. They undid the fly on her shorts, dropped them together with her panties and she stepped out of them. 

They made it to the foot of the bed with him naked from the waist up and her naked from the waist down. 

His hands found the hem of her shirt. She lifted her arms to help take it off. Now she only had her bra on. Jamie was still wearing his pants. He had kicked off his shoes on the way to the bedroom. 

They stood there for a second, staring at each other. Then he lowered his head and licked the top of her breast not covered by her bra. His hands were working at the clasp. He had them off within seconds. 

She had undone his belt and zipper and when her hand wrapped around his hard cock, he gave a loud gasp. When she started stroking it, he did not hide his moans. 

His cock was weeping precum and it lubricated her hand job. Stepping out of his pants, Jamie lowered them to sit on the bed. Paige kept her hand moving on his cock. It felt so good. But as Paige moved to go down on her knees, Jamie stopped her. 

'No,' he said. Instead, he kissed her and lay her down on the bed. He got on his knees and pulled her hips towards him so that her butt was hanging off. Spreading her legs, Jamie kissed her bush. He licked her inner thighs and inserted two fingers inside her. 

She gasped and lifted her hips. In response, he pumped his fingers in and out of her. Then he started licking. Her moans made him leak more precum and he wanted nothing more than to ram himself into her and explode. But, he wanted to feel her cum first. He wanted her juices to gush out of her and coat his tongue. He wanted to drink her. 

Jamie alternated between licking and sucking. His fingers continued to dart in and out of her. Above him Paige was going crazy. Moaning, grabbing her breasts. Her hips continuously lifted up, but Jamie held her down. 

Paige did not take long to cum. Soon, she was writhing, gasping, moaning. Her hands were now in his hair, shamelessly pressing him further into her crotch. It drove Jamie wild. He sucked at her clit harder and soon Paige gave a broken 'I'm cumming'.

Uttering a few short gasps followed by one long one, her pussy contracted around his fingers. Jamie felt her clit move as he sucked. 

Jamie drank every drop that flooded her pussy and gave her a few more seconds of sucking as she rode off her orgasm. 

Panting, Paige raised herself on her elbows as Jamie crawled onto the bed to lie beside her, cock waving in the air. Without missing a beat, Paige straddled his chest. She pressed her glistening pussy into his face. Jamie obliged happily, but he let out a loud moan when he felt Paige swallow his cock whole. 

As much as he wanted to give her a second orgasm, he was helpless. 

Head thrown back, eyes rolling to the back of his head as Paige bobbed up and down. She sucked him slow but hard. She increased the pressure each time her lips reached his crown. Her one hand caressed the part of his cock not in her mouth while the other fondled his balls. 

Just as he was on the edge of cumming, he found enough strength to push her off him and lay her on her back. She was licking her lips when he moved over her. Her insatiable hands were still moving up and down his sensitive cock. 

He moved between her legs, spreading them wide. He took the hand on his cock, now slick with precum and started licking her clean, tasting himself on her fingers. His throbbing cock rested on her bush as he lowered his chest, crushing her breasts. 

'I'll have to apologize in advanced, Love.' He said.

'For what?' She gasped as his cock poked at the entrance to her pussy.

'You're too hot. I'm not gonna last long'. He did not give her the chance to answer as he thrust himself all the way inside her. They both cried out at the penetration. 

He started making long slow strokes. With each one he felt like the flesh of his cock was being stripped off. He was hard and she was so wet. He slipped in and out of her easily. It was glorious. She writhed underneath him, lost in a world of her own as he pumped steadily into her. 

When he changed the angle a bit so that his crotch hit her clit with every thrust, she went mad. Her second orgasm was upon her and Jamie gritted his teeth so he didn't explode right then. He knew this was going to be a short one, but he was damned if he didn't try to make it last as long as possible. 

Jamie was pumping a fraction faster as she came down. Through the haze, they connected eyes and she raised her head to kiss him. The kiss was frantic and soon Jamie's thrusts mirrored it. He was losing his rhythm and was pumping erratically, moaning loudly. A light sheen of sweat was over him. 

Paige was losing it too. One hand caressed the back of his neck and the other made its way down to where they were joined to fondle Jamie's balls. He lost it then. 

With a few more frantic pumps, Jamie started to pant loudly. His hands were now on her hips, he would climb into her if he could. With each hard thrust he ground into her clit and unbelievably, Paige found herself reaching another orgasm. 

She screamed his name as her pussy shuddered around him. That was it for Jamie. With a hard thrust and a loud grunt, he emptied into her. He kept thrusting as more of his cum shot out. He was aware of nothing else aside from the feel of her pussy around him. 

A few minutes, or an eternity later, Jamie came to. He was still inside her, and his head was nestled on the crook of her neck. Her hand caressed his back while the other was trapped between them, still holding his balls. 

He rolled off her, feeling slight pleasure as he slipped out. 

As his breathing evened out, he said 'Just a kiss?'