 thought that I would never see Rachael again after I fucked her. Her father was the president of the university, she could easily switch out of the classes she was in with me, I could find a new lab partner in my science class. I had nearly forgotten what it was like to see a girl after I had slept with her, I hadn't dated since my freshman year, and running into a girl after a one night stand was extremely awkward and unpleasant. One can only imagine my surprise when on Monday afternoon, Rachael walked right into the class and sat down in front of me once again like she always had. This began the first (very unexpected) relationship that I had had in a whopping three years. 

Rachael was a great lay, she was tight as she was the very first time, every single time. She was loud, she was active, she panted, she sweat, she writhed with my every touch, she was an amazing kisser and she was even more amazing at giving head. I had never been happier to have slept with a woman under a dare of my buddies. 

I continued to date Rachael all the way up until December, and I still hadn't seen or met her father to my great relief. I could only imagine the images that she procured of me in his mind – and how untrue they probably were. I knew that it was only a matter of time before I would have to meet him though, and I knew that my time was running short. 

"Josh," she said in her sweet and innocent voice – god how that voice made me melt. I turned toward her and smiled. "You know that dance the university hosts every year?" I cringed at the thought of going to what was basically the college equivalency of a high school prom.

"Yeah," I said glumly. 

"Well, you know, it is the President's Gala," she said. I nodded. "And my father is the president..." I wanted to hit my head on a chair – and preferably knock myself unconscious for about the next month or so. 

"Yeah..." I said quietly and slowly. 

"Well, listen," she said, "obviously, I'm the president's daughter, and well...the school expects me to attend. I've been attending it since I was a child. It's a family affair for my father and a lot of the other important faculty and alumni." I nodded. "Well, now that I'm 'old enough'..." she rolled her eyes with this comment, "I'm now expected to bring a date with me," again I nodded. "You'll come with me, right Joshy?" This time I rolled my eyes. 

"I don't have a suit," I replied, hoping this lame excuse might get me out of my obligation to her. 

"Then we can get you one," she said. "I know a thrift shop near here that would probably have a decent pair of dress pants and a jacket. All for under ten dollars!" I felt completely insulted for a second. I was just told by a girl who was basically a millionaire by default that I didn't even have enough money to buy myself a suit from a respectable business and I had to buy one from a thrift store – even though it was mostly true. 

Again, I nodded glumly. 

"Please Josh," she pleaded, her eyes were like the eyes of a sad puppy. I couldn't bear to say no to her when she made that face. That face could cease gunfire on a battlefield. 

"Of course I'll go with you," I said with a forced smile on my face. My mind was reeling with thoughts and as a million thoughts of how I could dump her before the dance and other ominous thoughts a brilliant idea pushed it's way to my lips, my face immediately brightened. 

"What is it?" she asked curiously. 

"I'll go with you Rachael," I replied, a smirk spreading across my face, "but that night, I'm allowed to do what I want with no rebuttals or arguments from you." 

"Of course," she said with an eager smile on her face. 

Oh if she only knew the thoughts that were running through my head at that moment. 

I remember the night of the President's Gala almost as well as the first time that I laid my eyes upon Rachael. I requested that we rode separately from her father and the rest of the family that would be attending the gala, she gladly accepted, but she begged that she could arrange all of the transportation issues for the night and this I gladly accepted.

Rachael walked up to my doorway, so unorthodox for dance etiquette, but then on the otherhand, I had hopes that this wouldn't be an orthodox dance for either of us. 

I heard Rachael at the doorway before I even saw her – actually I didn't see her per say, but I was definitely aware of her presence from my roommates. I quickly grabbed a bag of "equipment" and rushed down the stairs, then stopped dead in my tracks at the bottom of the stairs. Rachael was standing in the doorway, a vision of Venus herself. She wore a silky black gown that hugged every single curve of her body in just the right way, her hair tumbled over her shoulders and her neck and ears were studded with sparkling diamonds. She certainly was doing a great job of showing me up in my thrift store suit. 

"Wow," I gasped under my breath, it was all that I could manage to get out. I felt like an elementary school boy seeing the hot older sister of a friend for the first time. 

"We're going to be late," she said quietly in a hushed tone and a coy smile on her face. She grabbed my hand and literally pulled me out of the room and out to our front porch where I was greeted by a long black stretch limousine. I felt as if I needed to rub my eyes and pinch myself to make sure I was really awake, I was literally speechless. 

Rachael pulled me into the limousine and once I had regained my composure and realized that I wasn't in the middle of some sort of elaborate scheme, I realized the bag that was in my hands. 

"What's in the bag?" Rachael asked, the sparkles in her eyes dancing around happily. 

"Can we close the thingy?" I asked pointing to the driver and the partition that was already half-way up. 

"Sure," Rachael replied pressing a button and closing the partition all the way. 

"Can he hear us? Or see us?" I asked. 

"Only if we're really loud," she replied with a devilish grin on her face. I suddenly pictured her in the dog-collar get up that she had posed for herself – I had yet to see it myself. 

"On the floor," I said in a stern voice, a lot more stern than she had ever heard me address her before. It seemed to take her by surprise, her eyes widened and she didn't immediately do what I had said. 

"What?" she asked sheepishly. 

"I said, on the floor," I said in a low and hushed tone. She immediately obeyed me and was immediately on the floor in front of me, her hands on my knees. "Turn around." She looked at me curiously, she obviously had expected to give me a blowjob. She turned around right away though. "Now on your hands and knees." She bent over, balancing herself on her elbows, leaving her ass high in the air at the level of my hands. I smiled. 

"Now what?" she asked quietly. 

"Lift up your dress," I said in an equally quiet voice. She did exactly as I said and lifted the skirt of her dress up to her waist. Her perfect ass was right in front of me now, just barely covered with a black, lacey thong. I licked my lips in anticipation and grabbed the bag of "goodies" next to me. I pulled her thong down just below her pussy and began to rub her clit gently with one hand while I fished through my bag with the other. Rachael moaned and breathed in and out heavily, her back rising and falling with each breath. 

I pulled a bottle of lube from my bag and abruptly stopped rubbing Rachael's clit. She turned around just in time to see me rub lube up and down my fingers. 

"Now, you're going to need to relax," I said, "face forward." She smiled and turned her face back towards the front of the car. I gently began to rub my fingers around the opening of her asshole. She jumped, yet she made no attempt to writhe away – not that she had any choice in the matter anyway. I inserted the tips of my fingers into her asshole, she moaned softly with pleasure and I smiled. 

Again, I reached into my bag and pulled out a long, thin anal plug. I coated it with some lube and eased it into Rachael's ass – she moaned the entire way in. I smiled and reached for the remote control and placed it discreetly in my pocket. She would find out the joys of a vibrating anal plug later on in the evening. 

"Up on the seat," I said as I closed my bag up and placed it next to me. Rachael looked at me with an expression of confusion on her face, but obliged. As she pulled herself back up on the seat, I could sense the discomfort in her face from the anal plug as she sat back down. 

"I get to take this out before we go inside, right?" Rachael asked as we pulled up to an old Victorian mansion that now served as a fancy event hall for special occasions. I looked over at Rachael, her face had an expression of slight panic and confusion. I could tell that she didn't want to face her parents with this toy in her ass. I smiled devilishly and just barely grazed my finger over one of the vibrating buttons for the remote control in my pocket. Rachael jumped a foot out of her seat and stared at me with a look of complete astonishment on her face. I just smiled. 

"What?" I asked. She shook her head and turned to look out the window and watched a long parade of limousines pulling up to the entrance of the building. 

We walked inside the great hall. With every other step, I would press the vibrating button for the anal plug and send a shock through Rachael's bowels. At first she tripped over her own feet, but she gradually began to get used to the cycle and shocking pattern of vibrations. By the time we entered the dance hall, my finger was permanently held down on the button for vibrations, and a look of pleasure and pain was permanently plastered on Rachael's face. 

"Please, stop," Rachael said leaning over and whispering in my ear. "We're about to meet with my father..." I took my finger off the button, but for good measure, I sent a three more vibratory shocks through Rachael's ass. We began to approach her father, I knew it was her father by his outstretched arms and goofy smile on his face – not to mention I had seen pictures of him around campus. 

"Rachael! My princess!" her father exclaimed. He wrapped his arms around her and just as he did so, I pressed the button in my pocket briefly. Her father looked at her with a peculiar look in his eye. "Are you okay?" Rachael nodded, turning her head briefly towards me and glaring. 

"Yes daddy, I feel fine," Rachael said with a smile as she turned to her mother and gave her mother a hug. 

"And is this..." her father began to ask turning towards me. 

"This is Josh," Rachael said pulling me towards her. I pulled my hand from my pocket and shook hands with her father. 

"Nice to meet you, sir," I said politely. 

"So you go to my university?" he asked. I nodded, what an obviously stupid question. "What do you study?" 

"Economics," I said with a bit of reservation. 

"Good subject," he said with a nod and turned back to Rachael. I placed my hand back into my pocket and gave Rachael a really good shock again. 

"Rachael, if you would like, you may take your seat at the presidents table," her mother said. "We need to greet the alumni yet, but that's no reason for you to not enjoy your meal." Rachael nodded and pulled me along with her into an enormous dining room with very few students, and many older people with families.

Rachael pulled me up to a long table in the front of the room set with 10 place settings. I felt like I was at a wedding, only fancier. Rachael and I sat down in two seats next to one another.

"So are you liking it so far?" I asked with a grin. 

"No," she replied. I held down the vibration button for a good ten seconds. Her eyes closed tightly and her hands writhed in her skirt. I smiled. I looked around the room and looked around me. There was no one in our immediate area and the front of the table that we were sitting at was draped with a solid tablecloth. 

I reached over and placed my hand in Rachael's lap. She looked over at me and back to her plate setting where there was a cold, crisp salad, waiting to be eaten. I began to pull up the satiny fabric of her skirt, up to the middle of her thigh. 

"Josh, what are you doing?" she asked, in a hushed whisper. I didn't answer her. I put my hand between her thighs and began to move it upwards. She made no move to stop me, but glared over at me with a mouthful of fresh salad. 

My hand hovered outside of her underwear and I prodded a bit at her. I pulled down the top of her panties a bit and stroked her silky hair a bit. 

"How's the salad?" her father asked from behind us. This time I jumped. 

"Good," Rachael said with a fake smile on her face. Her father didn't notice my hand up his daughter's skirt and so I continued what I had been doing. My fingers traveled down Rachael's slit and found her musky pussy. It was soaking wet with her bodily fluids. I wanted to dive down under the table and lick her until I had had enough. 

Rachael continued to eat her first course as I pumped my fingers in and out of her pussy, stroked her clit and generally drove her crazy. Finally, I had the feeling that she had had enough. Her face looked strained, her fingernails were digging into her bare thigh, I could tell that it was taking all that she had not to scream and cry out in pleasure. I quickly pulled my hand away from her pussy and wiped the juices from her on the napkin sitting in my lap. 

I made it through the rest of the dinner rather inconspicuously. I only used the vibrator a couple of times, and my hand stayed away from her crotch. By dessert, students from the university were starting to file into the great hall for the dance portion of the evening. Rachael and I finished our dessert, excused ourselves from the table and went into the dance hall where music was just starting to be played. 

Rachael and I took to the dance floor and my fingers got to work on the vibrating buttons once more. We slow danced to a song that I hadn't heard since high school and I pulled Rachael so close to me that she was now pressing button in my pocket. I could feel the vibrations through Rachael's stomach and as a result, I was getting hard within a matter of seconds. In addition to the increasing size in my pants, Rachael was getting excited herself. Her face was right next to mine and I started to notice a quiet, but very audible panting and heavy breathing. 

"Josh," she panted by the end of the song. 

"Yeah?" I asked quietly in reply. 

"I need you to fuck me," she replied, her eyes half closed. I looked around for the nearest exit. 

"Where?" I asked. 

"I've been coming here since I was a kid, come with me," she replied grabbing my hand and pulling me towards a pink door at the back of the room. 

Rachael fumbled with the doorknob on the pink door a bit, but she cracked it open, and Rachael and I made it through unnoticed and undisturbed. We made our way up a wrought iron and marble staircase. We ran up two flights until Rachael stopped in front of a wooden door. 

"We can't go any further," she said. "This door doesn't open...we'll have to do it here." I nodded, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants as Rachael lifted the skirt of her dress up to her waist. I yanked down her thong and dropped to my knees and immediately began licking and sucking her clit and pussy. She balanced herself on my shoulders and propped herself up against the wooden door. She moaned and panted, I pushed the button on the vibrator -- still in my pocket – and I heard her head hit the wooden door, sending a dull echo through the staircase. 

"No," she said. "I need you NOW!" 

I stood up, whipped my dick from my pants and positioned myself just right below Rachael and pounded into her. A silent scream ran through her throat and the back of her head hit the wooden door once more. I grunted as I pounded into her and lifted her up off of the ground. Immediately, her legs wrapped around my waist, and I pounded into her again and again and again, ramming her body up against the wooden door with a dull thud each time. She moaned and tried everything that she could not to scream out in pleasure. 

I was more hard than I had ever remembered being in my life. With each thrust into Rachael's tight pussy, I grunted and moaned. I lifted Rachael's leg just slightly so that her leg was pressing all of the vibrating buttons on the remote control for the vibrator in her ass. I could feel the vibrations pulsing through her body, in return, they pulsed through mine. Neither of us could hold back any longer. She came first, she screamed a low, guttural scream. Her head hit the wooden door behind her and then I quickly came after her. I moaned louder than I had ever heard myself moan before and shoved my body and hers up against the wooden door and held her there until all of the cum had drained from me and her breathing slowed back to normal. 

Her legs untwisted from around my waist and I lowered her to the floor and kissed her softly on her lips. 

"I love you," she said quietly. I smiled, it was the first time that she had said it to me.

"Turn around," I said quietly. She turned around. Her entire back was red, her shoulder blades were already bruising and there was a splinter near her neck. I gingerly touched her back and kissed the back of her neck. 

"I'm so sorry Rachael," I said, afraid that I had seriously hurt her. 

"Don't worry," she said, "we'll take care of it later, k?" I nodded. She turned back around. "Can I take the vibrator out of my bum now?" I shook my head 'no'. 

"Leave it in for the rest of the night...maybe we'll have some more fun later," I said. She nodded. 

I took my suit jacket off and draped it around Rachael's shoulders to hide the bruises forming on her back from the wooden door. She had something downstairs that she could put around her for the rest of the night. As the two of us walked back down the stairs, I turned around and looked behind me briefly. Her lacey black thong was still on the floor near the black door. I smiled, not turning around to get it. 

I guess that the President's Gala wasn't quite as lame as I had once made it out to be. As a matter of fact, I was quite looking forward to attending once more next year.