 I love to dress up : fact It's always more fun to dress up as someone bad!

The month of October is drawing to a close, the nights and early mornings have become chilly and the daylight hours have got shorter. Even though it's an American rather than an English custom, there are Halloween costumes for sale in shops and adults are purchasing sweets in case 'trick or treaters' come knocking at their door. Not where I live of course, my third floor flat is in the city amoungst the bright lights of shops and fast-food take-aways, but I'm still excited because I have a party to get ready for tonight. 

There will be booze instead of candy but we'll all be wearing fancy dress. My imagination runs riot as to the 'tricks' which will be played and the 'treats' which will be on offer! Mike's escorting me - but as we're only fuck-buddies, no strings attached, it's really as friends to walk into the party and home with - we won't be cramping each other's style!

I purchased my outfit for tonight with care: I'm dressing as Ellie Driver, the deadly nurse from Kill Bill, complete with eye patch and fake syringe. I've bought a long blonde wig and (my own addition) some fabulous high-heeled white pvc boots which lace up to the knee and of course I will be wearing white stockings and suspenders. The short uniform will give lots of glimpses of my bare thighs disappearing up into the white nurse's dress, which fits snugly, and the front zip will let me show more of my cleavage as the night grows wilder (it's great to be a girl!)

The start of my preparations is having a lovely relaxing bath - my iPod is docked just outside the door so that I can hear music (Black Cherry by Goldfrapp sets a sexy tone). There are candles arranged on the windowsill and shelf and with some drops of perfumed essence in the water, my skin will be moisturised and smell delicious: freesias and roses. Towels are draped over the radiator so I step out of my silky Chinese robe and into the bath. As I sink into the heat of the warm water, I begin to relax and shrug off cares and worries. It's the start of the weekend so I'm sipping a rum and coke, which I set carefully on the corner of the bath. 

Drizzling liquid soap onto a bath scrunchy I begin to rub it over my arms in circular motions, moving to my chest and shoulders, I scrub around my breasts and watch my nipples rise to peaks, tingling with the abrasiveness of the nylon scrunchy, I continue down to my stomach & buttocks, legs and thighs and finally around my feet. My legs were waxed yesterday, but my budget wouldn't stretch to waxing anything else, so I get out a new razor and soap my armpits to shave them smooth. I want to make my pussy completely hairless too, but that means standing up out of the water and it's too deliciously warm just yet. I turn on the hot tap with my talented toes and feel swirls of extra hot water curl around me, my breasts float and bob, rising to the top of the water with their own buoyancy, my nipples peek out, puckering a little in the cooler air.

Sipping my drink I let my head loll back on the edge of the bath. I'm glad I'm wearing a wig tonight, it means I don't have to fuss with my hair. I trail my fingers through the water, cupping my breasts and pinching one nipple at a time, feeling the zap of desire rush straight down to my core, which begins to moisten. I twiddle and pull at my nipples, stretching them a little to feel a delicious burn, which makes me squirm with delight and press my thighs together. I know what I want to do next, but I enjoy teasing myself! I trail my finger down my flat belly and it's fascinating how the sensitive skin jumps back, even at my own touch. My exploring fingers have finally reached the edge of my pussy, the hair there is kept short, just a landing strip usually, with my bikini line shaved smooth so that I can wear minute knickers and thongs. Today I will become wicked nurse with murder on her mind, I think my character would shave it all off. I trail my fingers around the labia, which are swollen slightly from arousal and the warmth of the bath water. I pinch and pull them to increase the blood supply then trail my fingers between the inner lips, I feel my own moisture, slick and slippery, making my fingers glide deliciously over and amoungst my most sensitive flesh.

The more I stroke round and about my pussy, the more engorged and stiff my clit becomes, until its hood is peaking above my outer lips and I begin to focus more on touching and stroking it, on and around its nub. I've instinctively spread my legs as wide apart as the bath allows and they are tensed against the side. My stomach too is braced, my core muscles tense. I swirl a finger round and around my clit, occasionally dipping into my warm, slippery hole, and then return to smoothing and teasing this tiny little point in my pussy. It becomes all I can think of, pleasing this demanding little peak of flesh, my rubbing becomes less gentle, more urgent. I get flashes of colour and sparks behind my eyes, which I squeeze tight shut, and I am rubbing, pressing stroking, throbbing, cresting, then my arousal tips over into waves of pulses and aftershocks. My whole body is swept through with warmth, then twitches and spasms; my fingers are like prunes as I rinse the juices out of my pussy, barely able to touch my sensitive clit now I've cum.

I sip my drink and use my arms to push up out of the bath, my legs are still a little useless, I wonder if they will support me. I wrap myself in a towel. With 1 foot on the side of the bath I use more liquid soap to lather up my pubes, then take the razor and carefully follow the curves of my inner thighs and outer lips, shaving them smooth. I rinse the razor head often, and hold my skin as taut as possible, to shave without cutting - who wants to have an accident around their precious bits?! Moving the mirror until it's under me, on the edge of the bath, ensures that I do a thorough job. I am delighted with the finished result and gently massage a few drops of baby oil onto my lips and mound, it's warming and it leaves a hint of a shine, too much rubbing and I'll never be ready on time!

Having moisturised my legs & chest with a body cream (also scented with freesia and roses) and sprayed on deodorant, I drape myself in my Chinese robe, which just about covers my buttocks, to begin applying foundation and make-up to my face. I accentuate my eyes with lots of mascara, even though I'll have a patch over one, because I want the real focus to be on my lips, which I paint pillar box red. Make-up done, my hair in a low ponytail, I hear the buzz of my entry phone. I hurry to the door - it's probably Mike. We say hello and I buzz him up, using the time it takes him to climb 3 flights of stairs to straighten up my bathroom and blow out the candles.

Mike's eyes nearly pop out of his head when I open the door, the cooler air of the lobby makes my nipples shrink to hard points which he notices straight away! "O M G Freya! You look amazing! Is that what you're wearing?" "Don't be crazy Mike!" I giggle and pull him over the threshold, "I haven't even got dressed yet!" "Don't bother!" he fondles my bare ass with one hand while hugging me close "I like this look: call girl in Bangkok!" as he cups my breast and rubs a chilly thumb over my already hard nipple, I have to bite my lip to stifle a moan. "Do you want a drink?" I wriggle away from his wandering hands, into the tiny kitchen and slosh some rum and coke into a glass for him. *So what's your costume? Elvis?" I ask, returning.

He's dressed in tight black leather trousers and a matching shirt with the collar turned up, his usually messy dark hair is also gelled and slicked into a quiff. "I like it." I nod appreciatively as he turns to let me see the rear view - his bum looks toned and firm in the tight material, then he looks over his shoulder and raises one eyebrow at me and my stomach does a flip. "You've got the moves Mike!" I laugh, "Make yourself at home with the TV, I won't be much longer. There's not a lot else to put on!" I let my voice get low and sultry and he makes another grab for my bare behind, but I yelp and move out of reach, into the bedroom where I've laid out my clothes.

First item - suspender belt. This is white and silky and I fasten it at the front then swivel it round til the catch is at the back. Next I get out white, sheer stockings. The trick is to roll them down with your fingers, put your toes inside and then smooth them up your foot and leg, slightly stretching the fabric as you go. I fasten them one at a time, the suspenders are at the front and the side, it's a little fiddly to get the rubber button through the top of the stocking then into the fixing. I've chosen a bra which is underwired yet see through, it's sheer fabric has floral embroidery over the cups which does nothing to conceal my dark nipples or disguise when they harden to a point. (Sorry, not sorry! I'm meant to be a bad girl tonight.)

The last item of underwear is panties, these match the bra, made of filmy see through fabric with just a hint of the flowery design at the sides, so nothing hides the shadow between my butt cheeks or my freshly shaven pussy lips. Before I put on the nurse's dress I need the white boots which I bought on E-bay, they're on top of the cupboard in a cardboard box. I stand in front of my wardrobe with the doors open and reach up, but even on tip-toes the box is out of reach. I hear Mike leaving the bathroom, so I call out to him.

"Mike, can you come in here a minute?" As he moves into the room I turn back to my wardrobe, reaching up as far as I can, demonstrating my difficulty. "What seems to the the trouble, li'l darlin'?" he's getting into character, his Elvis voice drips charm like sweet molasses. "I need that box up there please," I point. He comes up behind me and I feel his arms resting on the bare skin at my waist. "Now you just hold your pretty horses," he nuzzles my neck and the rumble of his voice makes me ticklish, the vibration travels down to my backside, which feels good! "You're kinda like a damsel in distress, young Missy. We don't want to rush into anything." Mike is stroking up and down my ribs now and his hands travel to my shoulders and along my arms, which are still raised, until he presses my hands against the top shelf, guiding me to grip the edge of it. "Hold on there li'l lady, let a fella assess the situation."

While his accent is making me want to giggle, what he is doing with his magic fingers makes me tingle all over, stroking me up and down my body, his touch tantalizingly light. He runs his hands down past my panties, stroking around the bare section of thigh above my stocking top, then on down my legs, made milky and smooth by the white nylon stockings. He massages my feet one by one, rubbing under the arch, which is deliciously soothing, before putting each foot down spaced quite wide apart. Then his hands begin a slow ascent upwards, and I hold my breath. 

Mike's touch is feather-light as he skims over and around my inner thighs, then moves away from my yearning pussy, touching and appreciating the suspenders and teasing me by slipping his fingers around the edge of my panties. He's kneeling behind me now, and I know he's drinking in the provocative, slightly helpless, tableau he has posed me in. It looks as if my hands are tied above my head, my lean slender body stretched out for him to admire, there's nowhere to hide and no way to defend myself. I'm at his mercy, like a doll, dressed in my virginal white underwear.

"Well looky here," he continues in his fake southern drawl, "I have found myself a Georgia peach!" and he begins to cup, fondle and stroke my pert behind, sometimes pinching, sometimes smoothing, exploring all the time. I find myself yearning for those questing fingers to creep under the elastic edges of my panties, aaaah like that! Yes! They begin stroking my cunny lips, dipping inside my pussy which is well and truly sodden with lust. I let out a sigh that is part groan and Mike's face nuzzles my buttock before sinking his teeth into the flesh. The shock and delight from his bite makes my pussy clench around his 2 fingers buried deep inside me, and I know I'm well on my way towards a second orgasm of the evening. The spike of desire heating me from the inside has me grinding my rear into his face and my juices dripping down his hand. Mike tugs at my panties and pulls them down to my knees, where he leaves them, stretched taut between my spread legs, while his fingers and hands maul me in the most delicious way. He pulls and presses, invading both my holes with as many fingers as he wants, as often as he wants because I am his sex toy, tied to this shelf and if he wants to make me cum he can (and he will!)

"O don't hurt me, please," I groan, sounding seductive rather than in distress, "have mercy!"

I moan with desire, and he reaches one hand up and pulls at my pony tail, dragging my head back and stretching my throat. He slaps me hard on the buttocks, 4 or 5 times and I gasp but the stinging of my flesh is thrilling. He licks and laps at my arse from behind, the tip of his tongue penetrating a little way in and I grind myself against his face. The passion within me is building up and his tongue and fingers are sending fiery darts of lust from my pussy to my molten core. I love feeling like a helpless sex toy and I want him to have his wicked way with me (the more wicked the better!)

"Please don't ravish me!" I mean quite the opposite of course! Breathless with my mounting desire, my legs feel liable to buckle, so I truly am hanging from the shelf. Mike moves around my legs so that he can access me from the front - one hand starts plunging in and out of my dripping pussy, three fingers at a time, and he presses his nose against my smooth mound while he licks and sucks at my clit, giving the tiny nub a 'blow job' which has me panting, close to cumming.

"O Fuck me pleeeease!" I yelp, as I feel my orgasm building, I want to be filled with his cock while I cum, I'm on the edge of a really big one.

Mike doesn't need telling twice, he unbuttons his flies and his thick member springs free, drips of pre-cum smeared around its bulbous tip, I think I've never seen anything so beautiful. Mike's commando, so he easily shoves his leather trousers round his ankles, grips my waist and hips before burying himself in my sopping cunt up to the hilt. Damn that feels good, we are a perfect fit, his thick cock stretches me as he slams into me hard, but pulls back slowly, almost letting its tip escape from my greedy lips. "More!" I cry, bearing down hard on his delicious prick as I feel my pussy walls begin to pulse and I'm washed over with wave after wave of warm, orgasmic pulses. 

Mike continues to thrust in and out hard, while I cling to him and cum, moaning and clutching at his broad shoulders, but as I quieten he pulls back out and turns me around, moving me in front of him so that I can brace myself against the wardrobe door. Mike delivers two hard slaps, one to each cheek of my arse before he spreads them apart and accesses my pussy from behind. He slides easily into my wetness and starts to pump at me, using me like the sex doll that I have become. He grunts and slaps as he shafts me, and I am delighted with his rough treatment (I expect my rear will still look pink and spanked at the party, but I don't care if people know I like to play rough!) Mike chooses his own speed, I'm just pushing back to meet his thrusts, enjoying the slam of his dick. It's so deep inside me that it feels like it's touching my womb! His rough balls are slapping against my tender, smooth arse globes and my nipples are enjoying the fact that Mike can reach forward to play with them. He gives his thrust a circular wiggle, which makes me start to tingle again, and as Mike cums, pumping his load into my pussy, I join him in a milder, tingling orgasm.

We're both breathless, Mike rests his weight on my back for a moment, and I am glad to lean on the wardrobe door. Then we both gasp and giggle at the wickedness of it. "I need to go to the bathroom to clean up a bit" I smile at him, "could you get the box down for me while I'm gone?" I step out of my knickers and go to use a flannel and warm water to clean myself up, washing away the sticky juices of both Mike's and my cum. My make-up looks fine and my hair will be hidden under the wig, so not too much damage done. When I return to my room I notice Mike's hair is no longer slicked back, so I point him to gel and spray in the bathroom then leave him to clean up and get back into character. 

Once I slide the knickers on and zip up the dress, I can feel that my pussy lips are rather swollen, because they chafe as I walk. Mike returns to my room - he asks to be allowed to lace up my white boots so I stand there in the high heels while he kneels at my feet, criss-crossing the laces around the 2 rows of hooks. He looks up at me with adoration when they are fastened, and runs his hands reverently up my stocking-clad thighs - the suspenders are clear to see below the hem of the dress.

"Look what you've done to me!" I pout and lift the hem of my stiff white uniform so that he can see the engorged pink lips of my pussy, clearly visible through the gauzy fabric of the white panties. Mike reaches up and presses his lips and nose to my mound, he breathes in deeply (I'm sure I still smell of sex) and then kisses my clit, which tingles. He smirks, "Look what you're doing to me!" and points to the crotch of his stight leather trousers, where I can see his cock is already hardening into a semi and straining against the black material.

"It's good to be bad!" we say in unison and give each other a high-five! It's going to be a great Halloween Party.