 “I should warn you, I suck.” I felt obligated to tell her. I mean we just met, how was she to know?

I noticed her there with her friends obviously having some drinks after work. They were all business attired and relaxing: ties loose, top buttons unbuttoned, jackets over chairs, hair down. But she stood out. She had this soft, round face that was lit with the evenings antics as well as a few glasses of wine. Her hair was black and so thick it absorbed light. She seemed so sweet taking compliments genially with a smile, a tilt of the head and a lilting thank you.

The problem was I couldn’t just walk up and talk to her. She was with a pretty sizable group of people and it would’ve been a little awkward for me, in my barroom uniform of jeans and a ratty black tee shirt, to work myself in. When she turned to put her name up on the list for the pool table I saw a chance and added my name after her.

All I could do was stare at her while they names ahead of us played out their games of pool. I hovered with my friends at our usual station near the dartboard occasionally breaking my concentration to fling a few darts in its general direction. I finished, hitting nothing worthwhile and lit a cigarette. Raising my line of sight through the resulting cloud of smoke I saw her look in my direction. Our eyes caught and I froze, my cigarette dangling from my lower lip, match still burning in my hand. She smiled and I smiled back goofily, feeling my face bloom red. She pointed at my hand and in less time than it took me to figure out what she was pointing to I felt the match burn my fingers. With a curse I flicked it to the ground. She laughed and so did I in spite of myself.

Figuring I’d found my in I turned to grab my beer and walk over but I was greeted with an extended hand. “Good game, man.”

Carlos and I had been playing against a rather obnoxious pair of jerks and my staring had lost us the game. One jerk had his hand out, the other was sniggering. We had lost pretty badly. Carlos was pretty pissed. I took the jerks hand and knew then what I must do. Valor dictated it. “Another? For a drink?”

“Uh,” he sneered and looked back at his partner who smugly nodded yes. Carlos gave me an odd look questioning what I was up to. Jerk turned back to me. “Sure. Shoot well.”

I had forgotten about my newfound infatuation until Carlos and I turned to watch our embarrassed foes retreat to the bar to buy us the beers we pounded out of them. Smiles and high fives faded to dismay when I noticed a number of her friends had left. She wasn’t in her seat and I figured she left with them. That beer had better be damn cold.

Half way through it I found myself doubting that it worth missing out on that opportunity. I heard the bartender calling me. When I turned he was pointing to the pool table. “You’re up!” She was standing next to it. Yeah, I was up.

I jogged over and jerked a cue out of the little umbrella stand they kept them in. I stuck my hand out “Hi, I’m …”

“Ian,” she finished for me. “I heard the bartender. I’m Sophie.” She took my hand and shook it. My knees got weak. Her hand was warm and soft with a soothing hint of dampness. I have to admit my first thought was of how they would feel cupping my balls. “I’ll rack,” she said with a smile breaking what must have been turning into a weird silence. “Money breaks.”

Oh yeah. I dropped a dollars worth of quarters into the slots and pushed the lever to get the balls out of the table. She racked and I grabbed the cue. She walked around to my end of the table and we’re back where we started.

She laughed. It was very soft and feminine, like a young girls giggle. “Oh? Want to make it interesting then?”

What the hell? I figured I would’ve bought her a drink anyway. “Sure.”

“Why don’t we grab that table?” she asked her remaining friends as I paid for our drinks. A bunch of people were putting on their coats, the international symbol for “table freeing up.” We all sat down and I found out all about them. They worked for some company based on Long Island and were in New York for a conference. They had gone out to have a few drinks to celebrate the amazing year Sophie had managed to put together after replacing the dope that had had her job before her.

Sophie and wound up telling me all about her job, all sorts of information I didn’t quite understand about stuff I generally had no interest in. I was riveted. It was about her and that made it intensely interesting. Not only was I listening but actively involved in the conversation. She had a wonderful way of making sense. She spoke like no one I’d ever heard before. Things completely alien to me were being described with sentences I’d never think to string together and it all made perfect sense. This woman was amazing.

We chatted for quite a while before the beer rental man came knocking. I excused myself to use the men’s room and when I returned Sophie broke off from her conversation with two of her friends and patted the seat next to her. “Welcome back,” she purred as I sat back down. “By the way, are you wearing underwear?”

I chuckled embarassedly as I looked around quickly to notice that all her friends were engaged in their own conversations and hadn’t noticed her question. “Uhm, no…” Before I had the chance to ask why I had the answer to my earlier question of what it would feel like to have her hand cup my balls.

“Your fly is open.” She smiled. “You should always remember to check before leaving the men’s room. On a side note, I completely approve of your grooming habits.” It took a second for me to remember that I kept my functioning parts shaved. She turned back to her friends. “Brian, did I tell you that Ian here makes guitars?” She was diabolical.

“No shit? That’s pretty cool. What kind?” asked a sans-tie guy with a blue oxford half unbuttoned over his “Reeces Feces” tee shirt.

“Basses actually.” I tried to respond as evenly as possible while Sophie discreetly massaged my balls under the table. The conversation was long and agonizing. I actually enjoyed these peoples company but having to keep a straight face was torturous. After a few more drinks they decided it was time to leave. I wasn’t sure how to react. On the one hand it was going to be a lot easier to hold conversations without a beautiful woman stroking my sac. On the other it was going to be a painful train ride home.

Then I exchanged business cards with everyone. Sophie’s had “Pennsylvania. Room 1218” written on the back. She waited to be the last to say goodbye, nice meeting you. While she gave me the obligatory looking just-met-this-guy-but-he’s-cool hug she whispered “give me a ten minute head start” and left with her friends. I played another rather distracted game of darts while I finished my beer and counted to 600 before I grabbed my coat and left.

It was snowing outside and figured it would be nice to walk through Manhattan in the snow. I though it might also be a good idea because I had no idea how she and her friends planned to get across town, the assumption being she didn’t want her friends from work ribbing her about bringing home some guy from a bar. The walk across town did wonders to clear my head as well as dull the pain in my crotch. By the time I got to the hotel across from the Garden I was feeling great.

She opened her door still dressed from the bar, although she seemed like she had been getting comfortable. Her sheer white linen blouse was unbuttoned pretty far and the slit in her skirt seemed to have shimmied its way toward the front. She had taken off her shoes and hose. Her legs didn’t seem to need them. The skin was a shimmering olive that ended in dainty, pedicured feet. My cock shifted in my pants as I smelled a distantly familiar musk in the air. I had the sudden image of her lying back on her bed and slipping her fingers across her pussy while she waited for me. I was about to chastise myself for being so overconfident when an oddly mislaid pillow caught my eye, what seemed like the edge of a vast wet spot on the bed covers was sticking out the side.

“What did you do, walk?” she asked. “I was starting to worry that you wouldn’t show.”

“Actually, yeah I did walk. I thought it might be a good idea considering how, ahh, compelling your invitation was.”

She giggled again. It was intoxicating. I didn’t know how to feel. I had a confliction of emotions I had never felt before. Not only did I want to tear off her clothes and pounce on her but the prospect of staring into her face as she spoke seemed really nice too. “Oh yeah, that. I’m sorry; I get a little aggressive when I’m drinking. The cold air kinda cleared my head and I told myself to remember to apologize to you.” She seemed a touch embarrassed but relieved that I showed up at the same time. “Want a drink?”

She handed me a beer out of the honor bar and I had to remind myself to keep drinking it as she told me more about her. I was just impressed that she could spring for a beer out of the honor bar. “I have to admit I was a little upset when you just went and played darts. I thought we had just shared a moment.” She was relaxed now, leaning back on the bed and joking amiably.

“Oh yeah,” I said through yet another embarrassed chuckle. “Actually I was on my way over, but these guys, I had to play again.”

“Jerks?” she asked as she rose to her knees and slid towards me.

“Yup.”

“Oh, okay.” She slipped a hand behind my head and pulled my face to hers. Her tongue flickered over my lips briefly. “You can’t just let guys be jerks. I hope you won.” Her lips ground into mine and my own parted involuntarily to let her tongue slide briefly into my mouth. She nibbled on my lower lip and pulled on it slightly as her head pulled back from mine.

“Akshualy we kicked their ashes” I lisped without the use of my lower lip.

Her arms flew around my neck as she threw her head back and laughed. “Your too cute.”

I flushed red again as my hands slid around her waist. “Thank you, but you’re pretty cute yourself.”

“I am not,” she pouted. “I’m exotic and mysterious.”

“Oh, I see,” I smiled in reply as I leaned in to kiss her again. God, her mouth was hypnotic. Her ability to kiss had completely distracted me from the fact that her hand had worked its way under my shirt until I felt the tingling thrill of her fingers tweaking my nipple.

Her mouth broke from mine and kissed my chin. The hand on my chest slid through the collar of my shirt and caressed my cheek. She used her other hand to pull my shirt off exposing my chest to her full, soft lips. “I hope you’re not too angry with me for just leaving you in that state,” she informed me. Her lips were brushing the skin on my belly as she spoke. “You have to understand I had no intention of keeping you uncomfortable all night.” She popped open the fly on my jeans and tugged them down. I felt her hand once again slide under my shaved balls. “Did I tell you I think it’s really hot when I guy takes care of himself like this?”

“Yeah,” I gasped, “you did mention something about that.” Her eyes were closed and she took a deep breath through her nose. She seemed to be enjoying how I smelled when I was as hard as I was.

“Okay wise guy.” Then her mouth sealed around my balls, her finger dipping into the precum that had welled forth and spreading it around the head of my cock.

Now, I’m not going to pretend to be an expert in such matters but I have had my share of blowjobs. Although at worst they can be disappointingly uninspired, they are generally a good thing. What I can tell you is that they are really good when the person administering it really wants to, like when you’re with a girl that really wants to make you feel good. She really tries and the experience is unforgettable. This, however, was transcendent. Not only did she want to make me feel good, but Sophie also seemed to thoroughly enjoy sucking my cock. She was proud of it and putting on a show. She kept looking up at me and winking, giggling every time she did something that made me gasp or shudder.

The skill of her mouth and the look on her face had my already ready to pop cock on the brink of orgasm quickly. “Oh my god, I’m about to cum.” She just smiled and shook her head “no.” Her fingers circled the base of my shaft and she pressed forward. With her mouth still pivoting and her free hand massaging my saliva-slick balls she swallowed my whole cock and the orgasm hit. But I didn’t cum. I couldn’t. I was convulsing through a tremendous, unending orgasm as her grip kept me from cumming.

I can’t say accurately how long this went on as time lost all meaning. Eventually I became dimly aware of the sensation ebbing. I still hadn’t cum and was wondering what it meant. She had pulled away and was now just massaging my balls while gently loosening her grip around my cock. She was looking at me and blushing. “Can I ask you something? Like a favor?”

Was she kidding? I nodded yes, and it took a lot to muster up the strength to do so.

“Well, it’s a little embarrassing. I don’t want you to think I’m freak or something.” She was sliding up the bed towards me. Her nipples were hard as stone and I could feel them through the sheer linen as her body glided across mine. She kissed me again with one hand gently stroking my aching member and the other guiding my hand into her blouse and over her breasts. With her lips brushing over mine she asked, “Would you fuck my tits? I want you to cum on them.

I smiled through half lidded eyes as I finished the task of unbuttoning her blouse that she had started while she waited for me. Her hands left my body momentarily as I slid her blouse over her arms but they made contact again as her body slid back down across mine. She licked my cock coating it profusely with saliva before slipping it between her firm c-cup breasts. She squeezed them together and rocked back and forth stroking my cock between her tits. She bent her head down to flick her tongue across the head that popped out from between her tits whenever it made its appearance. Before long I lost control. She wrapped her hands around my slick cock and stroked forcefully as I came all over her, rope after rope landing on her beautiful tits with a slap. Her hand once again kneaded my balls as she milked the last drops of cum out of my cock. She licked the head clean as she rubbed the cum into her skin.

“I’m sorry, I just love the way cum feels on my skin. It’s so hot and thick, like warm gravy.” If I had the strength I would have told her there was no need to apologize for acting out what is probably every man's fantasy. She stood and walked back to the honor bar. She wiped herself off with a towel, dropped an ice cube into a glass and drowned it in two little bottles of scotch.

“You look like you could use a drink.” She took a sip and handed me the glass. Before I could take a sip myself she put her hand on the rim. “You should never drink your whiskey with ice,” and plucked the cube out of the glass.

“Then why did you out it in there?”

“Did I tell you I was pre-med in college?” Okay, relevance? But the answer became a little clearer as she ran the ice slowly down my torso. “See, I learned a lot there. Like for instance when a man has an orgasm, his little friend takes a nap.” She slid the ice down the length of my spent cock for emphasis. “Now during sex, the boys get overheated and poor little sleeping beauty can’t wake up until they’ve cooled down.” She popped the ice cube into her mouth. “But just like the fairy tale, if the right person comes along and knows just how to kiss them,” and her lips sealed around my sac sucking my balls deeply into her ice chilled mouth.

Instantly my cock began to stir. I was amazed: I had had an amazing orgasm less than a minute before. I didn’t think the old fellow was capable of such an immediate encore. Again she had coaxed a delicious dichotomy from within me. I was very much aroused, but without that animal intensity that forces us men to tear into women oblivious to anything but getting off. I was in an entirely different mind state, although no less animal.

With my cock now once again fully aroused I sat up and pulled her face to mine. We kissed and she slid the remains of the ice cube into my mouth. I sank down and returned the favor pulling her erect nipple into my mouth and swished the sliver of ice over it. She shuddered as it melted away to nothing. I kicked my jeans the rest of the way off and slipped around behind her. Gently rubbing her shoulders I pushed her forward and over onto all fours in front of me. My hands glided over her warm skin to the back of her skirt. I unzipped it and slid it off her hips and had to pause to catch my breath. Before me was her flawless ass. It was tight and toned without a trace of imperfection. It was cleaved down the middle by a shimmering lavender thong. I pulled the soaked satin aside and saw yet another amazing sight: a perfect glistening pink orchid blooming between gentle mounds of waxed caramel skin.

Here is the miracle of the situation. If I had not cum so recently, my rock hard cock would have taken over. I would be kneeling behind this perfect body with a wet, waiting pussy beckoning from the cleft of an amazing ass. There would be no option but to simply lean forward and sink into her, but I had cum very recently and I felt compelled to repay the favor.

I tugged gently and she turned over onto her back. I descended onto her, my mouth hovering over her pussy as my hands found and kneaded the firm, soft tits I had so recently cum on. She twisted as she felt my breath on her and she pushed my face into her crotch. “Oh, please, make me cum Ian.” I slid my tongue over her slick labia savoring her. My god she was wet. I was covered in her. Her juices flowed down my chin and onto my chest and I lost control. The feel and smell of her in burrowed into my mind. I sucked her clit into my mouth and whipped my tongue over it. Two fingers twisted into her and I felt for the first time how psychotically tight she was. She began to pant and begging me to go faster. Soon she was lost, she was screaming in Korean. I don’t recall ever hearing anything more arousing that her losing command of her ability to speak the local language.

She began to sigh as her body relaxed. It was a curious sound with the timbre of a cooing dive and the roll of a kitten purring. I stared at her in awe of what she was and how I could’ve gotten so lost in her so quickly. I had met a girl in a bar and gone back to her hotel for some insane sex, but I was completely engrossed in her. I wanted to curl up with her and not let go ever. I needed her like air. I hadn’t even learned her last name yet.

My trance broke as her expression cleared and she sat up with a sinister grin. She buried me under a ferocious kiss and planted my back to the bed. Her eyes opened and drifted down to my still throbbing cock. “That’s, uhm, I have to feel that inside me.”

“Really?” I had always just kind of regarded what I carried in my pants as ordinary, but I was now more aroused than I had ever been in my life and had been since she slid her hand into my fly under the table in the bar. The very brief exception of the half-minute between orgasm and the new erection she had coaxed out of me being the only time since that I had been otherwise. I have to admit it looked pretty impressive like this: fully eight inches of it stood straight up and throbbed with thick veins. Seeing it like than suddenly reminded me of how badly I wanted to fuck her.

“Mmmm yeah. I’ve never had anything quite like that.” She sat back and held it in her hands admiring it. “I mean it’s bigger than my vibrator and that was a pretty ambitious purchase.”

“Was it?” I was now quite flattered and egging her on. It felt just as nice to have my ego stroked as well.

“Yeah. My last ex was pretty big. I caught him cheating and bought it to piss him off. I made sure it was a lot bigger than he was, you know, letting him know he wasn’t as great as he thought it was. I never intended to use it; I didn’t think I could handle it. But a few dry months and I decided to give it a try.”
