 So there on the couch was my wife, Gretchen, wrung out like a dishrag and lost in a world post-orgasmic bliss. The woman who had taken her there, my co-worker, Lisa, was on the floor in front of Gretchen. As Lisa looked at me, her face shone with my wife's juices. I just sighed, "Holy Shit."

Lisa asked, "What are you thinking?"

I replied, "I've got so many emotions running through my head that I don't even know where to start. I guess I'm mostly a little anxious right now. I know that you said it was just sex and that Gretchen would always love me, but I have to admit I'm a little scared that, after what you just did to her, I've just lost my wife to you."

Lisa said, "You really don't have to worry about that. I've given Gretchen great sex but she doesn't love me, she loves you. Of course, I can have her sexually anytime I want but it will never be what you two have."

Lisa then asked, "So you said you had lots of emotions, what else is going on in that head of yours? I know what one of them is."

I simply said, "Huh?"

Lisa looked down at the shorts I was wearing and laughed, saying, "Well, judging by the tent you are pitching, one of the emotions is lust."

I laughed too and said, "I have to admit that may well have been the hottest thing I have ever seen. I guess I'd have to have been dead not to have some reaction."

Lisa had crawled over to where I was sitting and said, "Chris, I have a confession to make. I'm not a lesbian."

I laughed again, saying, "If Gretchen could speak right not, I'm pretty sure she would disagree with you. If you aren't a lesbian, you are the best actress the world has ever known."

Lisa said, "OK, let me correct that. I'm not exactly a lesbian. Yes, I love women. But, I also like men."

I was taken aback and said, "Wow, that's a surprise. I've only ever seen you with women and you've never mentioned men in any context other than work or friends."

Lisa continued, "That's true. Actually, I am almost never with men. I like them sexually, but have never been able to find one where a relationship works. I'm not a slut so, as a rule, I won't just do one night stands. Right now, though, I'd really like to be with you. It has been a long time since I've sucked a cock. I'd really like to suck yours and I can tell you need release too."

"Lisa, I can't do that. I love Gretchen and I don't think she'd approve of me being with another woman," I said.

Lisa drew my glance to my wife and said, "Hello, Chris! First, Gretchen isn't really in a position to complain, is she? And second, I don't even think she'll realize what is going on."

By now my cock was beginning to do the thinking for me. I had just seen what Lisa's mouth did to my wife and the thought of having her use it on me was really exciting. Lisa had begun to softly rub her hands up and down my thighs, just like she had been doing to Gretchen just a bit earlier. Lisa really did have an electric touch, it felt really good. When she began to kiss my thighs, like she had done Gretchen's, my little brain won out. I stood up a moment and pulled down my shorts and briefs, before sitting back down. My cock was standing straight up and was already leaking pre-cum.

I told Lisa, "I know you said it has been a while and you want to enjoy this, but I'm afraid it's not going to last very long. What you did to Gretchen pretty much guaranteed that."

Lisa said, "I won't make you suffer, but I do want to enjoy this a bit."

With that Lisa began to lightly kiss my balls and from time to time rub her lips along the lower part of my shaft. She was careful not to go too high up the shaft so that I wouldn't cum immediately. Lisa's mouth felt wonderful but strangely, it seemed to actually be calming me down a bit rather than taking me closer to cumming. I guess once I realized it would happen; I was able to relax and just enjoy what I felt. Still, it wasn't too long before I really felt the need to cum and I told Lisa so.

Lisa smiled and put her mouth over the head of my cock and began to softly suck on it. It felt terrific. Just a few moments later, she began to flick the tip of her tongue on that sweet spot just below the head while continuing to suck on the head. You'll remember I told you that I knew that Lisa had sucked on Gretchen's clit while flicking its tip with the tip of her tongue. Well, this is I how I knew, because she did much the same thing to me. Oh my God, it felt good. I could feel the cum building in my balls and told Lisa so. I thought it would have been rude not to as I wasn't sure whether Lisa would want to swallow my load or not. At that moment, Lisa sealed her lips tightly around the head of my cock and began to turn her head back and forth so that the lips dragged along the ridge right below the head in the same kind of motion you would use to turn a doorknob. Oh fuck that was great. The cum raced up my shaft. I spurted into her mouth, but stay rock hard.

Lisa gave me a few moments to catch my breath and said, "Well, everyone has cum except me. I think I deserve some fun."

I said that I would be happy to go down on her, but that I'm sure I wasn't in her league in that regard.

Lisa said, "That's not what I had in mind. It looks like you are still UP for some action and I'd love a stiff cock inside me right now."

I replied, "So far, everything has been oral but actual intercourse was another matter."

Lisa said that she was sure she could make Gretchen alright with it and with that, she stood up and slid down on my cock. I didn't even realize she had removed her running shorts until I felt myself sliding into her. I didn't even have time to voice further complaint but she was hot and wet and tight and it felt terrific. I'm not sure I'd have resisted further even if I had time.

At first, Lisa simply sat still, getting used to me inside her. Then she began to slow move up and down. A nice languid motion at pace that I really enjoyed and seemed to be working for her too.

Lisa looked at me and said, "Chris, I do have one other special talent."

"What's that?" I asked.

Lisa responded, "When I really focus on someone, like I did with Gretchen, I can give them the most amazing orgasm they have ever had." I told Lisa that having witnessed her with Gretchen, I didn't doubt her. Because I had already cum once, however, I knew from experience that my second would not be as intense. I said it was just a function of being male.

Lisa smirked and said, "Wanna bet? What's more, I can make it happen without even moving up and down on you."

I should have known better, but I was certain that even if I had been wrong about Gretchen, I absolutely knew myself. So I said, "You're on."

Lisa said, "Let's see what you say in about 10 minutes." And she settled down on my cock, her ass resting on my thighs, her knees drawn tight to my hips. She pulled down the zipper on her top and let it slide from her shoulders. She had nice firm breasts with coral-colored nipples. 

At first, all she did was rock her hips back and forth a bit. It felt nice but was nothing special. I wasn't even sure if I'd be able to cum a second time if that was all she did. Then on one of the rocks backward, she squeezed her pussy tight around my cock. That was a definite step in the right direction. So each time she rocked, she would add a squeeze. It was working for me and it seemed to be taking her toward orgasm too. Her nipples were hard little points and her breathing was becoming raspier.

Then Lisa sat still again and said, "I'm not quite ready to cum yet. Plus, it's time to start to make it amazing for you."

With that Lisa started what I can only call a rolling squeeze. She would tighten her pussy starting at her entrance and then the squeeze would ripple up the length of my cock to its head before making the return trip to its base. Wow, Lisa sure had some phenomenal muscle control in her pussy. I'd never felt anything like it before and it certainly would do the trick of getting me off. I'd didn't see it producing the best orgasm of my life, however.

Next, Lisa added another little touch. At the top of the ripple, she would really bear down and give mythe head of my cock a super tight squeeze before letting the ripple roll back down my cock. That really started me heading toward orgasm. I could feel the precum leaking freely from my cock and began to feel it sort of pulse. Not an orgasm, mind you, but it was just sort of twitching inside her. That really seemed to ignite Lisa as her breasts started heaving and she was telling me how good I felt inside her.

Lisa said, "I think you are ready now and I know I am. Chris, take your finger and start rubbing my clit in circle."

Lisa was panting heavily and moaning a bit, obviously heading toward her orgasm. At this point, I didn't really care who won the bet. She had rocked my wife and the blowjob I had gotten was probably in the top five I've ever had so I certainly couldn't begrudge Lisa her own orgasm.

Lisa was drawing closer and closer to orgasm and the rippling of her pussy was taking me with her.

Then suddenly, she was cumming and cumming hard. Her pussy went berserk. You know how they say nature makes it so the contractions of a woman's orgasm are timed to move the man's seed toward the egg. In this case, Lisa orgasm was more like a vacuum, sucking the cum from my balls, through my shaft and straight out the top. Her orgasm was literally milking mine from me. Oh God, it was so intense. My hips bucked up, like I was trying to get ever more of me into her for that delicious squeezing.

What's more, Lisa was multi-orgasmic so her pussy's milking of my cock just seemed to go on and on. I thought for sure I'd run out of cum but every time a new wave or orgasm hit her, it triggered one in me.

Finally, her ecstasy waned and I was totally drained. She collapsed into me and we both sat there spent and breathing heavily.

Eventually from the other side of the room, I heard Gretchen say, "I hope it was as good for you two as it was for me."

Then Gretchen crawled over and totally surprised me, but that's another story.