 As I step off the plane, head to the baggage claim, and look around, I pull a picture of you in my mind. You might not recognize me, but I have no doubt that I will you. A small smile crosses my face as I see you anxiously scanning the crowd, trying to pick me out.

I move in closer, from the side, until I'm standing right next to you, and whisper your name. You jump, obviously not expecting me to know who you are, or being able to sneak up on you like that. At five six, I'm not exactly diminutive. Your eyes widen as you take in what I'm wearing.

Delicate sandals encase bare feet, with painted toenails, leading up bare skin. My legs are free of nylon, or other obstacles. About four inches above my knee, my skirt begins -- classic schoolgirl, with lots of pleats, and hanging just right. A white button up shirt, a touch too small, completed the picture, with the buttons over my breasts straining just enough to get your attention for a minute. Then, your gaze continues up to my face, where bright blue eyes are filled with mischief, and red wisps of hair are hanging around my face, where it isn't pulled back into a clip.

I slide one gentle hand up your chest, encircling the back of your neck, pulling you to me for a light kiss. As we move along the hallway, I notice a small niche in the wall. Pulling you over to it, I put my back to the niche, so I'm partially hidden. As I pull you to me for another kiss, this one more insistent, I take my left hand, and use it to guide your right hand to my leg, then up my skirt.

Imagine your surprise, when I slide your hand up me leg, and you find that I don't like to wear underwear...particularly when I'm traveling. As I manipulate your hand, still escalating the kiss, you manage to slip one finger in my slit. I am already wet, and ready for you, and I can feel your instant erection.

I push you away, mission accomplished. With an impish grin, I now lead the way to baggage, picking up my bag as it comes around the carousel. You gallantly take it from me, carrying it as you lead the way to your vehicle, parked in the lot. It is late evening, and dark outside. The far side of the vehicle is in shadow. We walk around the car, into the darkness, and you open the door. In response, I take the bag, and put it in the backseat, then spin around. We are chest to chest, nose to nose. With a grin, I lean back against the car, and grab the front of your shirt, pulling you to me. I plunge into your mouth, exploring, tasting, and sucking on your tongue. I hook my right leg around your hip, pulling you as close as I can, heedless of the fact that my skirt is short enough that I am flashing anyone who happens to walk by. I move your left hand to my rear, making sure you are under my skirt, to help steady me, then your right hand to my tit. As you pull on my nipple, it becomes hard as a small pebble and I moan softly into your mouth.

I allow this to go on for several minutes, before pushing you away, very gently. I know you are hard, but I want to torment you as long as I can. As we get into the car, our breathing just a little rough, we attempt small talk. It is about a twenty minute drive to the hotel where I am staying. As we leave the parking lot, I ask you to continue to make conversation, as I continue my torture.

I reach over, and very softly, rub your dick through your jeans. It is hard, and straining at the denim, and your words falter, so I remove my hand. You ask me not to; promise that you will do as you're told. Warning you that I will stop if you do not, we continue. I lean over in the seat, and delicately lick the outer edge of your ear. When you gasp, but continue talking, I return my hand to your cock. Using both hands, I slowly move the zipper down, then release the button. Extracting your dick from your underwear, I run the edge of one fingernail along it. Precum is already dripping from the tip, and I eagerly spread it around, before licking my fingers.

As I rub you softly, I watch your face. You are having a hard time watching the road, and your skin is flushed. Your breathing is harder, and I can tell that you want so desperately to do or say something about how I am teasing you, but you are resisting the urge. I am very pleased with this, and ask you to pull over for a bit.

You comply. As you stop the car, I unbuckle my seatbelt, lean over, and take you all the way into my mouth. I don't stop until you hit the back of my throat, and you gasp, harshly. As I lick and suck you, I can feel you start to come. You've earned it, for now. Moving back to just the tip, I let you finish what I've started.

It takes you a moment to recover, as I move back into my seat, watching you. I love watching a man, right after he has come. You regain your composure, and we continue on to the hotel.

I check in, and you are hanging back a little, letting me take care of all the details. I get the key to my room, and you follow me to the elevator. Entering the room, we see the king size bed, the small sitting area, and the bathroom. You follow me into the room, setting the bag where I direct you, on the desk at the end of the room. Then, standing at the foot of the bed, I beckon you closer.

This kiss is gentle, an exploration. We have all weekend, before I have to go home. I give you free reign to discover my body, as long as you are gentle. For now.

Your hands slide up into my hair, releasing it from the clip. Red and gold strands fall in gentle waves down my back, stopping just under my shoulder blades. Soft as silk, you whisper, as it slips through your fingers, then your hands move to cup my face. I am content to let you take charge for a bit. Then, you move your hands lower, to where my shirt is buttoned over my breasts. Each alone is more than a handful, and you slide a palm over each nipple, which instantly becomes erect. You knead each tit, steadily increasing pressure, until you feel my gasp. This is what I have been waiting for.

I order you to stop, and strip. I see the confusion mask your face, before understanding dawns. With a light grin, you obey, taking your time in removing your clothes. I ask you to lie back on the bed, and I will return in a moment. Moving into the bathroom, I strip off my shirt, then bra, before replacing the shirt. I take off my sandals, and twist my hair back, so it's out of the way, before moving back into the main room.

You are stretched out on the bed, almost unconsciously stroking yourself. I am very displeased, and let you know. I threaten to leave, get on a plane and just go home. You stop immediately, begging me not to go, promising to let me handle everything. I tell you to put your hands behind your head, and you are not allowed to move them until I give you permission.

I wait until your hands are behind your head, and you are comfortable. Nudging you, I get you to open up, so I can move up and kneel between your legs. You are allowed to respond, but not initiate, or touch. I place tiny kisses on your eyes, nose, and then lips, lingering for a bit there, before moving to your chin, neck and chest. Knowing what you like, I blow warm air across each nipple, before just touching the tip of my tongue to each one, teasing them. I rub my own across your belly, the thin fabric of my shirt separating us, tantalizing for both.

Moving lower, I gently nip the edge of your belly button, testing your resolve not to move, chuckling softly when all you do is gasp. Your breathing has become harsher, and I can feel the tension in your body, as you struggle to not move.

Moving lower, I brush my nipples along your cock, which has gotten hard again. I run my hands down your legs, feeling the muscles clench, as I nibble along the inside of your thighs, just brushing my cheek along your nuts.

Abruptly sitting up, I move so I am straddling your stomach. With the tops of my feet on your thighs, I am sitting on my knees, centered over your belly button. Reaching to my shirt, I slowly undo one button at a time, revealing breasts the size of large melons, nipples like the tip of a pencil, dusky colored against the paleness of my skin. I drop the shirt off the side of the bed, naked from the waist up. Your skin feels cool between my legs, as I am hot and bothered myself. I can feel my juices oozing out onto your belly, before running down the sides of your abdomen. 

Placing a hand on the wall over your head, I offer one nipple to you, letting you take it into your mouth, instructing you to roll it around your tongue, before sucking on it. The nipple gets harder, if that is possible. Pulling that one free, I offer you the other. You latch on, and I gasp, enjoying the feel of your mouth, smooth as velvet, on throbbing nipples.

Popping my nipple out of your mouth, you growl in protest, as I moan. I come back up for a kiss, plundering your mouth, rough and needy. I slide my hips back a little, just teasing the tip of your cock against my clit, rubbing back and forth, the friction and stimulation exquisite, and we both groan, breaking the kiss.

I slip just the tip of your dick in my pussy, and then squeeze with the vaginal muscles, watching your eyes close, and feeling your breathing grow harsher. My own catches in my chest, before I suddenly take you all the way in. As I ride you, one...two...three strokes, I rake my fingernails down your chest, catching your nipples...enough to leave marks, but not hard enough to cause a lot of pain. 

You gasp, and I feel you jerk inside me, as your hands start to move out from behind your head, your hips to jerk. I stop, and a whimper escapes your throat. In a low voice, I remind you of the deal. All you can do is nod, as your hands no longer move, and your eyes are closed. Sweat is dripping off both our bodies.

Using my nose, I nudge your chin up just a little, allowing me access to your throat. I have not moved, and I can feel you shaking, trying to keep from moving yourself. Very delicately, I run the tip of my tongue along your throat, before planting a kiss to the base of your throat, right where I can see your pulse beating wildly. Moving up, I stop at your Adam's apple, pausing just long enough to wrap my lips, and teeth, around it. I feel you swallow; I lick it, before moving back up to where I can see your face.

As gently as possible, I nibble and suck on your lower lip, rocking my hips just a little. I know I am tormenting you, and you love it. I chuckle, as you realize I am causing myself as much torture as I am you.

Hooking a leg behind yours, and a hand behind your should, I flip over, taking you with me. You can use your hands to balance yourself, but do not thrust your hips. Now in missionary, I could allow you to take charge. Making you watch, though....

I gather my tits in my hands, bringing my nipples to my mouth, sucking on one, then the other, making sure they are still perky. Then, I slide my hands down my ribcage, to where our bodies are pressed together. Moving my skirt out of the way, I play with the hair leading down to your cock, before reaching a little further, and tickling your nuts. I lift my hips, and then lower them, riding you from underneath, making you wait, trapping my hand between us.

Stopping, I instruct you to move to your knees. So my ass is slightly between them, and your hands are free. You have been perfect, I purr, offering my tits to you for your pleasure. Arching into your hands, I am enjoying the feel of you kneading, pinching, and pulling on them. My nipples are rock hard, and I encourage you to pinch them until I gasp.

That is the spur...I thrust my hips upwards, taking you as deep as I can, moving my hand so I am playing with my clit. You begin thrusting with me, into me, harder, and faster. I've almost teased you for to long. As I feel myself coming to the edge, moaning, and rubbing harder, you start to spasm. You come, hard, which sends me over the edge, crying out your name.

You collapse on top of me, then laugh, and roll onto your side. Smiling sleepily, I curl up against you, my back to your chest, and pull your arm around me, so you are cupping my tit. We snuggle for a while, not talking much, and then drop off to sleep. It has been a very long day.

A couple of hours later, I wake up to hear you snoring softly in my ear. Smiling, I get up and go to the bathroom, trying very hard to be quiet. I clean up a bit, and then smile wickedly. Grabbing a washcloth, I run it under very warm water. As I open the door, I'm happy to hear you snoring still. Crawling carefully on the bed, I take the damp rag, and wrap it around your balls and dick.

As you jerk awake, I wrap my lips around your rapidly growing pole, taking it and your balls into my mouth, and just holding them there. As you grow harder, I release you long enough to give you some ideas. I'm on my back, and clean. Let's see what you can do with tile. And I wink, before pulling you back into my mouth.

With a groan, you roll over, so you are straddling my head, and have free access to my pussy, which is already dripping in expectation. I let you play, explore, taste. I feel you take that first, tentative taste, then a long, slow lick, from clit through slit. I moan my appreciation, still sucking on your dick, humping my hips up to encourage you to continue.

As I lick, so do you, sucking when I do. I start leading the way, using my hands to stroke you, which allows you to put one finger, then two deep inside me. I focus my mouth on the head of your cock, and you lick, and then suck on my clit, still looking for that elusive spot. You hump your hips down, forcing me to take you deeper into my throat, and I suck harder. As I run my tongue around the crest of your penis, you hit it, that spot, just right, and my clit swells in between your lips. Moaning and shaking, I feel my orgasm explode out of me, clamping down on your fingers and groaning around your dick. This seems to trigger yours, and I feel you gushing into my mouth. I swallow, as much as I am able, and suck you clean, not letting you relax, or go soft.

I keep you hard, and maintain suction, rolling over as you do. I move so you have access to my tits, and let you play with them, as I massage and deep throat you. I jump a little, as I feel you penetrate my ass with your finger, then relax, and let you do what you will. I push my hips back, meeting your hand. When your thumb starts hitting my clit, I come again, the sounds coming out of my mouth muffled by your cock, still lodged deep in my throat.

I pull away from you, sliding to the end of bed. I put one leg on the floor, leaving the other on the bed, spreading myself open for you. You move around behind me, pushing my shoulders down, forcing my hands to the edge of the bed, so as to not fall. It is your turn to tease me, as I feel your hands on my hips, the tip of your cock just teasing my pussy. My turn to beg. I can hear the smile in your voice, as you whisper what you are going to do to me, leaving me hanging, leaning back as I try to impale myself on your dick.

Your hands tighten, and you slam home into me, using your upper body strength, in addition to your hips. I feel every thrust, my own excitement mounting as you go harder, deeper. Both of us are moaning now, release impending. You drive home one last time, stiffening as we orgasm together, collapsing forward onto the bed.

The sky is lightening in the east as we crawl through the shower, too tired to enjoy it right now, before climbing into bed, under the covers, for some much needed rest. It's going to be a long weekend.