 Caytlyn had known Nick for years. Five years to be exact. They had met through the Internet and realized that they both attended the same college. She was in her first year, he had graduated the previous spring, yet still came to campus to visit friends. They talked for weeks before meeting and when they did, both felt an instant connection. To make a long story short, both skirted the issue of a relationship; for fear of being hurt again, as they had in previous relationships. Nevertheless they always came back to one another. Always found each other, helped one another through the darkest and brightest times, admitting finally one day their love. Still nothing ever really came of them...That is until one night....Here is their tale...

They met for dinner. Cayt arrived at the restaurant first and stood outside in the cool winter air waiting for Nick to arrive. She heard the rev of his car engine and watched as his silver car pulled into a parking spot. Nick got out of the car and started toward Cayt, a huge smile on his face. They hugged, Cayt breathing in the scent of him, a scent she'd never realized she missed. Nick pulled back, kissed her softly on the cheek, then suggested they go inside. It was a nice evening, filled with talking, drinks and good food.

As they finished, Nick invited Cayt back to his apartment, not wanting to have her leave quite yet. Cayt agreed and followed to his place. Once inside, Nick went into the kitchen to make coffee, she nervously settled herself on the couch, unsure of what was going to happen, yet knew that whatever it was, she desperately wanted it to. He came out of the kitchen, carrying two large, red steaming mugs of coffee. Nick handed Cayt her mug, smiling as he saw her face light up when she realized he had made it just the way she liked it, with cream- just enough to make it a light chocolate color, then take a sip and smile again when she realized it had all the sugar she liked in it to.

"You remembered," Cayt said as Nick sat next to her, sipping his own coffee.

"Of course I remembered," he smiled, "I've watched you make your coffee about a million times, fussing over the amount of cream and sugar."

She giggled, "I didn't know I fussed."

"Yep you do," Nick replied with a chuckle. 

They sat in silence for a while, drinking their coffee, each lost in a wave of memories. Cayt smiled as she remembered their first kiss. They were in her dorm room, just getting back from a trip to Wal-Mart. Cayt had sat at her desk to pull off her sneakers while Nick had flipped on the TV. He tossed the remote aside and walked over to Cayt, smiling.

"What?" She had asked.

"Can I kiss you?" 

"What?" She asked again.

"Can I kiss you?"

She had smiled and nodded. Nick leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips, sending a shiver down her spine. 

"What's that smile for?" Nick's voice interrupted her thoughts.

"Hmm?"

"You were smiling," Nick laughed.

"I was just thinking about our first kiss," Cayt admitted, her cheeks turning pink.

"That was a good first kiss," Nick smiled, "Led to many other good kisses."

"That it did," Cayt laughed, "That it did."

"You look beautiful tonight," Nick said taking her mug from her hands and setting it on the coffee table.

Cayt looked into Nicks eyes and knew immediately what was going to happen. They were going to make love. She didn't know how she knew, but she did. And she wanted it to happen. 

"Oh do I?" She asked, teasing, "Howso?"

"Stand up, let me look at you and I'll explain." Nick watched as Cayt slowly stood up in front of him.

"Okay lets start with your tank top," He took a fingertip and ran it gently up her arm, stopping on her shoulder, "A sexy purple tank top."

His finger dipped under the strap of the tank top, pulling out a thin black bra strap. "A black bra, very very sexy." His fingers moved, falling over the swell of her breasts, causing Cayts breath to hitch. He dropped his hand, brushing a nipple. She gasped, then bit her lip nervously. The finger dipped down between her breasts, causing her to shiver, and headed down to her skirt, where Nick tugged at the waistband.

"Black skirt."

Down he went while she stood, unsure what to do. He moved to his knees in front of her. She knew what he was going to do, and yet she didn't. Whatever it was, it would be a tease. She wanted his hands on her, both of them, touching, stroking, not this furtive brush with one finger. 

She guessed that was the point. To make her ache. His finger wiggled in to the slit of her skirt and rose vertically again, dragging the skirt up with him. She felt cool air on her thighs, and then the pad of his finger reached out and pressed against her sweet spot through her thong. Moisture flooded her.

"Panties." He studied her, "Very hot, very see through panties...No wait...Very hot, very see through thong."

She fought herself to remain still, seeing how far he would take things. His face was only inches from her, all he would have to do was pull the thong aside, then touch her...

He dropped the skirt back into place. Cayt held back her disappointment. He rose up in front of her. Leaning toward her, lips parted. She closed her eyes, waiting for his mouth to take hers again. He moved past her mouth and she opened her eyes in confusion. Her head yanked back. With a startled cry, she realized he was undoing her hair from its twist.

"One hair clip, no longer in place." Nick tossed it over his shoulder and drive his fingers into her hair, inhaling the fruity scent of her shampoo, a scent she knew drive him wild. He hit a few knots, but Cayt barely noticed the pain, the look on his face was so arousing to her. 

"I love your hair. I've been dying to see it down all night. I knew it was long, but not this long," he murmured as he let her hair fall in its slight curls down to the middle of her back. 

Cayt reached for him, wrapping her arms around his neck, urging him toward her mouth. Nick brushed her lips, his tongue flicking across her lips quickly before he pulled back. Silently, he led her back to his bedroom. Nick smiled to himself, knowing he was going to touch and tease and stroke her until she either died from pleasure or begged for mercy, whichever came first. Either of those worked for her.

"You have beautiful breasts Caytlyn." 

Cayt rubbed her hands on her skirt and tried not to cross her arms over her chest. She wasn't quite sure where Nick was going with this; she was both frightened and aroused, more the latter.

He closed the distance between them and before she could even think, his mouth was on her. He was sucking and pulling on a nipple through her shirt, with warning or preparation.

"Oh my God," she said with a moan.

His hands were on her waist and he pushed the tank top up, the hair on his arm tickling her skin. Another second and he had her bra down and be breasts were spilling out. His firm, wet tongue flickered across her. Cayt gripped his shoulders and whimpered. He wasn't being gentle, but was raking across her with his tongue, before pulling her breast back into his mouth. 

"Oh yes," Cayt thought.

Teethe nipped her and she felt an odd mix of pleasure and pain that was new and downright interesting. When he stood up, she rocked back toward him. She didn't want him to stop, not now when she was hot and aching and desperate for completion. 

Nick's eyes were dark, filled with lust. He wiped the moisture from his mouth and smiled. 

"You liked that." 

"Yes I did..." Cayt smiled, tossing her hair back out of her face.

Nick was damn neat exploding. He wanted Cayt and he wanted her now. He thought back to all the nights they had talked about moving their relationship to this level. He never thought it would actually come to fruition, but he was damn glad it did. He was enjoying turning her on like this, nice and slow. 

Her large brown eyes were wide and glazed with passion. She kept making little sounds of encouragement, then looked embarrassed to realize she had. And she was completely letting him take the lead. He was doing and she was taking. 

"Take your bra off for me," He smiled.

He leaned against his dresser, watching Cayt slowly remove her tank top and toss it onto the floor. She looked up at Nick, locking her eyes on his as she reached behind her and unclasped her bra. She wrapped an arm around her breasts, holding the flimsy material against them. Nick moved closer, smiling.

"Are you enjoying yourself sweetie?" He whispered, as his fingers wrapped around the bra.

"Yes."

"Good, so am I," he pulled the bra away from her and dropped it on the floor, "Remember how you were telling me that you've never had an orgasm from sex?"

"Um, yeah," Cayt felt redness creep into her cheeks, she'd forgotten that she told him that.

"Were you being serious?"

"Well, yes," Cayt replied, wrapping her arms over her bare breasts," I mean I've been able to, if I helped matters out, but never from sex alone."

"What about aside from sex? Has a man ever brought you to orgasm from his tongue or his finger?" He said removing her arms from covering her and pulling her against his chest.

There was no way she could answer that. No with him standing so close her breasts were rubbing across the softness of his shirt. Not while his erection pressed lightly against her. She pulled back slightly. Then moved forward, back, forward, a soft rhythm that echoed the primal urge she felt.

She couldn't admit out loud that she seemed incapable of achieving orgasm with a man. 

"That's not important to you now though, is it?"

"No it's not," Nick admitted and pulled her closer.

"I'm glad..." Nick put a finger to Cayts lips, silencing her.

"Shhh..."

Guided by instinct, she slipped her tongue out between her lips and licked his finger. It was a toss up who was more surprised.

"Oh my God," he exclaimed, his eyes half closed.

Her sentiments exactly. He slid his finger between her lips. Cayt wrapped herself around it and sucked, gently. Nick hovered over her. She could feel his control wavering as he struggled to hold himself still. She sucked harder, pulling his finger down deep, gliding her tongue up and down. It occurred to her exactly what she was mimicking and the thought had her aching for him inside of her.

When he yanked his finger back, she cried out in disappointment.

"Naughty, naughty," he taunted, "I can see I'm going to have to keep a closer eye on you."

"Is that so?" Cayt said seductively, taunting him back.

Her aggressive move had startled her, she wasn't used to taking the lead with men. But she also knew it wasn't in her nature to be so obedient. It was something she has trained herself to do, until she had lost sight of herself in her shy persona. Nick had made her feel bold and sexy.

"Yes that's so."

"I'm sorry," she lied with a grin.

"No your not."

Shaking her head, she admitted, "No I'm not."

He brushed her mouth with a hot kiss. "Good. You're free to do whatever you want here, Cayt. Sex with me is never having to say you're sorry."

It sounded funny and she let out a giggle.

"Are you laughing at me?" He asked with a grin.

"Not at you. With you," she corrected with another giggle.

"God I love your laugh," he chuckled and squeezed her hand.

Not knowing how to reply, Cayt laughed and hugged him, pressed up hard against him, his mouth finding a spot on her neck, his male parts bumping her in the perfect spot.

"You're not going to regret this," He whispered against her neck, "I promise you."

"Why would I regret this Nick?" She pulled back, her brown eyes focused on his, "I've been waiting a long time for this to happen."

Nick made a strangled as he moved back a step, shaking his head. "I can't wait to see how you're going to be."

Neither could she.

"You're very beautiful," he murmured as he kissed her neck again, finding the spot that drove her crazy.

Her cheeks went pink again. "You don't have to say that."

"It's true. You must know it too, or you wouldn't try so hard to hide it."

"It's a lot easier for you to say I'm beautiful than it is for me to believe it," she said moving away from him and sitting on the bed, playing with a fold in the comforter. 

"Well you better get used to it beautiful, because as long as your with me, I'm going to tell you all the damn time how beautiful you are...No arguments."

With that, Nick pushed Cayt back onto the bed, then rose to remove his shirt and step out of his pants. He straddled her, leaning down and taking a nipple into his mouth. She squirmed under him, moaning and calling his name. He had a hand on her waist and one around her breast, keeping her firmly in place beneath him. He enjoyed her mounting desperation; it was close to matching his. Pulling back, he started at her hard, rosy nipple, shiny from his mouth. He couldn't resist a little nip.

Cayt jerked forward, pushed her hair off her face and sat back, taking her nipples out of his reach, making an enticing picture as she arched back topless. It took him two seconds of gazing at her naked breasts to beg, "Take your skirt off." She shimmied back and stood up, reaching behind her to unzip her skirt, letting it slide down her thighs slowly, seductively.

She smiled. Two steps and she was in front of him. He wrapped his arms around her back and closed the remaining inches between them. Running his mouth over her salty skin, he laid kisses along her stomach. Cayt climbed onto his lap, straddling him.

"You're overdressed," she whispered.

"So are you."

"I'm only wearing a thong."

"That's too much."

He was distracted by the tantalizing view of her flushed breasts directly in front of his mouth. Forgetting about stripping off the thong for now, he focused on the obvious. With his tongue. Back and forth, over and around, slicking her nipple, nibbling and pulling on the taunt skin. She smelled like spring, fresh and alive, and he held onto the small of her back, keeping her close to him.

Cayt tried to move back, "No stop, I can't take it."

Nick moved to her other breast and gave it the same extended treatment. "Yes you can. You can take it all."

"I can't." Her ass rubbed against his thighs and she tried to rock up on his cock with the front of her panties. He shifted out of the way of her touch, his fingers working on the other nipple he didn't have in his mouth. 

Cayt moaned. "Nick, I don't want to come yet. You're going to make me come."

That was the plan.

She went up on her knees, hitting his bare arm with her inner thighs as she struggled to get her breasts away from him, Nick felt the hot dampness of her desire on his skin. That got him to pull back and look onto his lap. The middle of her black thong was dark with moisture, and the stain was spreading. 

Man, he thought, She is sexy.

He brought his thumb over her mound, tracing the damp spot. "You're a little wet aren't you?"

"I'm a lot we." She wiggled around as if she could somehow shift his finger inside the thong.

"You're such a hottie," she said as she moved her hands to caress his shoulders, gently running her nails over them.

He had never been called a hottie before, not by Cayt; it pleased the hell out of him. He couldn't wait another damn minute. He wanted to taste her, wanted to be inside of her, hell he wanted her. Grabbing the back of her head, he pulled her toward him until their lips met in a wild grinding kiss, full of slippery lips and pushy tongues.

He reached around and squeezed her ass, dipping his thumbs to brush on the underside of each cheek. Cayt pinched his nipples, driving him crazy, while she moved up and down on him, the movements as raw and lacking in finesse as their continued kiss. Nick fell back onto the bed, taking Cayt with him. He pulled her lip into his mouth and sucked hard. Cayt moaned and pressed herself into him harder. 

He pulled back and asked, "Are you okay?" She nodded, "You?" His hand touched her chin and guided her into a kiss, "I'm great, better than great."

Cayt shifted, sliding her thong off as Nick slid out of his boxers. He sat up, and looked at Cayt. She closed her eyes halfway and moved so her legs were on either side of his thighs. She let out a started cry as she felt Nicks finger slid into her. 

"Just making sure you're still ready."

"I'm ready," she moved, his finger going deeper inside of her.

She moaned as he slid another finger inside of her and with his other hand he stroked her clit, making her cry out loudly.

"If you like that so much, you're going to love the real thing."

She nodded, unable to form words. He withdrew his fingers and she reached down, guiding him before sinking down on the length of him, biting her lip as she did. Pausing a moment, she swallowed hard and enjoyed the curse that flew out of his mouth. They remained like that for a few minutes, enjoying their coupling. Nick, unable to stand it anymore, moved in one fluid motion so that he was on top of Cayt, never once losing his place inside of her. He slowly began to slide in and out of her, slowly at first, enjoying her wetness. Tears formed at the corner of her eyes, she smiled and moved to meet each of his thrusts. They moaned together, and their pace quickened. Cayt felt tension mounting inside of her, her moans becoming louder and more frequent. His pace quickened. His need for her became insatiable. In and out he thrusted, his own moand mingling with hers. He cried out her name as he came, feeling her muscles clench and tremors begin to flow over her body. He watched as she writhed beneath him, trembling and whimpering as she came.

Breathless, they collapsed together on the bed. Nick kissed Cayt on the tip of her nose. He moved so he was lying beside her, pulling the blanket over them. Cayt snuggled against him, still breathing heavily.

"That was amazing..." she whispered the kissed his cheek.

"Hon, you haven't seen anything yet..."

.:To Be Continued:.