 I could hear his breath coming in more quickly, deeper in his chest and I knew he was close to being out of control. But I wanted this moment to last ... I needed to savor it. Sliding my tongue across his parted lips, I captured his lower one into my mouth, sucking it deep in a smooth, pulsing motion, giving him a hint of what I was about to do just a little lower down. 

I felt his fingers dig into my hips as his cock pulsed against my belly. It wouldn't be long.

Inching down his body in such a slow motion so that he could feel my entire form pressed intimately against his, his lip slipped out of my mouth with a satisfying {pop}and I heard him groan. My fingers slid down his well-muscled chest, my nails scoring his flesh as further down I went.

I managed to go teasingly slow, the muscles in my legs screaming at me to go ahead and kneel but I wanted him to enjoy the savoring moment I was having exploring his body as I descended. My tongue lapped at his flesh, swirling around his hardened nipples, the mere knowledge that his nipples could harden as much as mine causing me to draw one into my mouth, chewing on it gently before my mouth moved southward.

Glancing up, I could see he was lost in the moment. His hands moved to my hair, grasping the soft auburn strands that sent an electric shock right down between my thighs, causing my pussy to flood with nectar that called his name. His eyes were one moment watching with fascination as if they couldn't get enough of watching me descend on him and then closing as a groan of satisfaction got the best of him.

I was driving him towards the brink of temporary insanity and loved every minute of it.

I finally found my way to my knees before him and I could feel his fingers tightening in my hair, his breath coming in harsh gasps as he anticipated my mouth on him. But I wanted to take a moment to extend the pleasure as I gaze at him. He was incredible. I don't care what they say about length ... you can be ten inches but if you are as thin as a pretzel, what's the use? 

Martin ... god damn! I'm not sure how thick he was but it was enough to make my mouth water. He was going to be so fucking tight inside of me. My lips were going to get a workout just from stretching around his girth. 

I loved the way his cock looked as my fingers reached out to touch it ... to stroke it. The head was thick and smooth, turning a delectable shade of purple from the blood throbbing up through his length. And he was beginning to ooze precum from my deliberate teasing. 

I dipped my forefinger into the small pool glistening on the head, using it to spread the thick sticky substance around on his head. I was rewarded with a deep groan and his fingers trying to push my head closer. I glanced up with a grin. "Eager, baby?" I whispered in a soft husky caress.

He could only groan as his hips thrust forward. I knew what that meant.

My tongue darted out against the head, lapping at the sticky cream he was starting to create like it was the icing on a hot cinnamon bun straight out of the oven. My fingers curled around the base of his seven and a half inch cock, tightening to apply pressure and hold it still. I wanted to lick it like a giant lollipop and knew it was going to drive him over the edge.

I knew he wanted me to take it in my mouth. I could feel it in the pressure of his fingers in my hair, pushing my head closer to his ultimate goal. I could sense it in the ragged breathing that washed over me as he stood above my kneeling form. I could see it in the small thrusts of his hips that fought my hold on his throbbing member.

But he was going to have to wait. I wanted him crazy.

My tongue swirled around the head, lapping at the drizzle of precum that had leaked out, a soft murmur of appreciation drifting from my lips. He had just the right combination of sweetened salt that made me want more. Glancing up at his face twisted in a sensual grimace of need, my tongue pressed to the underside of his cock, right along that huge vein that pulsed blood into his engorged head and slowly drug it downwards to where my hand was wrapped around his girth.

"Oh god," was my reward and I saw his eyes glass over. It wouldn't be long.

Then again, upwards my tongue drug over his pulsing, throbbing flesh to swirl around the head once more. 

"Take it," he gasped, his hands pushing my head downwards. "Cyn, take it," he pleaded.

Oh, I would but not just yet.

I smiled, raking my teeth gently over the head that made his whole body jerk and a sharp gasp escape from his lips. I was going to love driving him to the brink of insanity.

And then again ... the slow dragging of my tongue down to where my hand gently squeezed and then released around his girth, this time stopping to lick his shaven balls, a soft purr rumbling from my throat that sent shivers of delight through him. 

"I can't ... take ... much more," he groaned. And I knew he couldn't.

Capturing one ball in my mouth, I toyed with it, my tongue batting at it, rolling it gently in my mouth. His breathing was ragged, coming in faster and I could feel his balls beginning to swell. I knew I had to hurry if I was going to capture the impending release that was building within him.

Dragging my tongue back up the length of him, leaving behind a slippery coating of my saliva, my mouth descended on the thick, swollen head that was throbbing unmercifully. I heard his cry of pleasure as my lips locked just beneath the ridge of the mushroom-shaped head, suckling gently at first and then increasing my pressure as my hand started to stroke him.

His fingers tightened almost painfully in my hair, pushing my mouth further down on him as he groaned, the sound rumbling from his chest like a fog horn lifting from the darkness. "I'm going to cum," he said, his voice in delicious agony.

I braced myself for the explosion that I could feel swelling and churning in his cock as it trembled and then hardened to a rigid pole trapped between my lips. My hand moved faster, urging the surge that started in the swollen depths of his balls. My lips braced around him, determined to take what all he had to give me as I sucked him harder as if I could drain him completely with the vacuum I was creating around his sensitive head.

And then it came, rolling on the tumulus wave of his roar of approval. I was shocked at the amount of thick, sticky liquid that burst into my mouth. I was stunned momentarily but had to recover quickly or I was going to lose his load. One hand shot to his ass, holding on as my mouth and throat went into overdrive, trying to consume his load with gulp after gulp. I was afraid for a moment that I would choke on the amount and intensity of it.

His groans and moans of delight were enough to make me work harder not to lose my hold on his cock. I wanted to take every drop of it, closing my eyes to block the tears from the intensity of his release. My hand continued to work him, pumping him dry as my lips trembled around my vise-like grip on the head, swallowing as fast as I could. I wish I had the time to savor it but I was in high speed trying to keep up with it!

He shuddered and I felt his hand pull slowly back, taking my hair with them and my still working mouth was pulled off his still hard cock. I couldn't help but whimper, my tongue darting out over my lips as I eyed it. I could have kept going.

"God damn, Cyn," he breathed, looking down at me with this expression that if I didn't know better I would have labeled 'love'. "What are you doing to me?" he asked in wonder.

I glanced up at him, a smile curling upwards on my lips as my fingers slowly traveled up the length of his cock. "Oh, I'm not finished with you yet," I whispered.