 We're on the train, and you're kissing me. I can't think. I don't care. All the ways you've hurt me are irrelevant in the face of so much desire. I want to fuck you right here. You want me too, I can feel it. Your hands are desperate to touch everything they think they can get away with. And I let you, because I don't want to stop you. Not even a little. I'm sure there's a disgruntled passenger looking our way. I don't care. Let them look. Let them be puritanically indignant. I just want some part of you in me. Your fingers, your cock, your tongue. I just want to touch you. Your beard, your back, your thigh crease. Fuck me, fuck me right here. I think I might have whispered it into your mouth. I don't know if you heard, but I'm not aware of much other than how it feels to be kissing you again. You taste like coffee. God the taste is sweet sharp nostalgia.

I want you. I never stopped. I want you tied up and helpless while I tease you as you wriggle underneath me. I want to direct your mouth to my breasts, to feel my nipples in your lips and teeth. Softly, softly, exquisite pleasure walking the edge of pain. To run my fingers over my clitoris, frictionless from the liquid of my arousal, while you watch. Hard. Unable to move. Your frustration increases my arousal. Your inability to relieve yourself without my permission gives me sadistic pleasure. I want to straddle your face, release one of your hands, so you can swirl your long fingers inside me while you lap at my clit. I like it when your beard is full of my juices. Like I marked you with my pleasure. Like you like me on you. I want to slide you in me all the way. Your hands above your head, one of mine on your mouth. Tell you not to dare come. Not unless I want you to. Watch you struggle to obey as you groan into my fingers.

I want you to pin my hands down with your own, while you fuck me and fuck me and fuck me. Squeeze you inside me while you bite me gently everytime I make a sound. I want to gasp while your lips are on my throat. I want you to take me from behind, harder, faster, deeper, just fuck me like there isn't anything else. Your finger on my clit pushing in time to each thrust. There isn't anything else. Your teeth on my shoulder. Mine on your hand which is muffling the sounds I'm trying desperately to hold back in the face of so much pleasure. I want to stay in that moment. Wanting, needing, fucking while the rest of the world ceases to exist.

Finally we reach the station and you pull me to my feet, snapping me out of my imagination, eager to get on to the platform. I'm half inclined to direct you to the bathroom and fuck you there, but you're kissing me again and my brain can't quite translate intention into movement. You move towards the exit and I move with you. Our hands on each other's as we touch off our passes. The small pretense of routine, as if we are still in control of ourselves. We make our way along the road. One of your arms around me, holding one of my hands at the shoulder, the other entangling the fingers of my spare hand. Every so often you graze the inside of my palm with your finger, the resulting lust weakening my legs and making me stumble. You chuckle low and I stop pressing my lips to your Adam's apple, pulling your body towards me. You smell like desire and sweat with an aftertaste of soap. I groan softly, and you pull me forwards again with a smile of determination. The cool spring air is pleasant on our hurrying faces. Finally, finally the dock is in view. The city lights in the distance, the darkness of the ship looming in front of us. You unclip the placard, dropping my hands and step onto the gangway. Your steps are sure and practiced. I hear you chuckle again as I step on to the wood tentatively, small hesitant steps as the planks wobble beneath me, my hands clutching the rope rails slightly harder than necessary until my feet are firm on the deck.

You take my hand again and lead me up the stairs to the heli-deck. You take me to the rail that looks out to sea. I can see the whole city in the distance, but all the other crew are quiet. Everyone is in bed except you and me. You whisper that you hope I like the view into my ear, the feel of your breath on my skin making me breathe in sharply. You stand behind me, hands resting on my belly as you start to kiss my neck from my hairline to my shoulder. I close my eyes to the glittering distant lights as the sensations you're causing run from your touch right to my feet. Your hands move under my shirt, and the thought that someone might see us crosses my mind, but I don't care. You'll be in trouble if anyone finds out I'm here. I don't care about that either. Your fingers are on my nipples, and all I can hope is that you'll soon move your hands to my underwear, as I cling to the rail to keep my feet. My hope is soon made reality as you lift my skirt and pull my underwear to my knees, letting them fall to the ground. 

I hear you unzip and put on a condom. Then I feel you fingers between my thighs, slipping deliciously on my wetness. You whisper in my ear again, asking me if I want you. I barely breathe my confirmation. Then you're inching inside me, slowly, slowly, your teasing fingers still on my clitoris. You move in and out to a slow rhythm, your fingers starting to move up and down my clit in harmony. I reach around one hand, and pull you in further with each thrust. Your other hand is in my hair, gently pulling to our rhythm, while your teeth sink into my shoulder as you groan low and rough. I'm not sure how long we stay there, your arm holding me to you, preventing me from falling. All I know is the pleasure is divine. You start to move faster and I feel you lose your control, I clench myself around you as you come inside me, holding me close, breath ragged in my ear. You pull out of me slowly, and pull my underwear back up to my hips.

Once again you take my hands and lead me down, telling me to take care not to step on the ridges between the doorways. You take me to your cabin and lie me on my back. Taking your time, you remove all of my clothing. Touching and kissing each piece of revealed skin with tenderness. Oh I have missed this so much. As you remove my underwear for the second time you settle between my legs, running your tongue along my inner thighs, tasting me. Telling me you missed how I taste.

You edge closer and closer as I writhe in delighted frustration, bringing forth fresh chuckles from your throat. Your fingers slowly ease into me and finally your tongue is on my clit. It's all I can do not to scream aloud, but at the small whimper I can't contain you place your spare hand warningly on my mouth. I find your pillow and lift it to my face, muffling my groans into it as you start to move faster. Your long fingers pressing into my G-spot, cold and delicious. Your warm tongue a sweet contrast as the intensity builds. The feeling is both incredible and unbearable. My whole body seems to exist between your hands and mouth. I don't know if I want this to continue forever or if I can't stand not coming a second longer. I am incapable of deciding. Within a few minutes though there is no choice anymore and my body shakes and shudders as the waves crash over me, bringing deep relaxation and contentment.

Gently you withdraw from between my legs, and pull yourself up the bed and kiss me. I taste myself on you. I comb your wet beard with my fingers, smiling against your mouth. You kiss my ears and neck, and though my desire is spent, the warm feeling of your lips sends further relaxed pleasure through me. You ask me if you can fuck me and I nod lazily. Then you're inside me, gliding on the aftermath of my desire. There's a warm magic to feeling your body on mine and my contentment grows. I kiss you and hold you, entwine my fingers in yours. I'm so happy just to be with you. You groan in my ear as you come for the second time and I hold you closer, feeling your breathing slow to march my own. I just lie somewhere between dozing and wakefulness. Just breathing your smell and your skin on mine. Trying not to think if tomorrow. When we'll have to figure out what we want from each other. This moment is perfect, and it's all I want.