 Finally, I have you all to myself. We don't need much conversation; we don't need cuddles and kisses. Save that for your wife. I just want to watch your cock grow harder while I do a slow strip-tease in front of you. 

I tell you to sit on a chair in the middle of the room. Then I ask you to unzip your trousers and release your beautiful cock. Your dick springs out and you're already semi-erect.

I'm wearing a simple, short, black dress and my highest spiky heels. I sit on the sofa opposite you and spread my legs. My dress rides up my thighs and you can see my hold-up stocking tops and a triangle of fabric covering my pussy. 

Your hand is working up and down on your cock and you're getting bigger and harder by the second. I stand up and unzip my dress, it falls around my waist and I wriggle out of it as it lands on the floor. I'm wearing a black bra and tiny silk knickers. My skin is tanned and smooth and I know you want to run your hands up and down my body, squeezing and stroking me. I sit down and open my legs wide, and I can hear you breathing faster as your hand pumps your cock. It turns me on watching a man masturbate, especially when he has a cock like yours. I love it when you shoot your cum over my face and tits. I get very wet just thinking about it.

I unclasp my bra and slide the straps down to reveal my tits. They're big, round and pink-tipped.You swallow hard as I squeeze them together and pinch the rosy nipples hard. You love sucking those stiff little nubs until they double in size. You ask me to come closer and I walk over to you, my tits bouncing with every step.

I can't take my eyes off your long, thick, hard cock. I lean over and gently lick the purple tip. You groan as I take your engorged head between my lips and suck and flick my tongue over you until I can taste your precum.

I pull away from you and your hand snakes between my thighs as you stroke my swollen pussy lips through the gossamer fine silk. I step back from you and turn around. I roll my knickers down over my ass and then step out of them. As I bend over to pick them up, I take my time, because I want you to get a good long look at my pussy and ass. I know you enjoy looking at my slit from this angle, especially when it's sopping wet. 

"You've got the wettest, tightest little cunt I've ever seen" you say, smiling. I can feel my nipples harden and my pussy juices are now dripping down my thighs. I turn to straddle you in the chair and you run your hands up and down my legs. You love me wearing stockings and heels when we fuck. The feel of my silky legs wrapped around you and my heels digging into your ass makes you even harder. Your dick feels like it's made of iron as I lower myself and take you into my tight, wet cunt. Oh fuck, I love the way you fill me right up to the hilt. I grind myself against you because I can never get enough of your cock.

Then I start to ride you hard and fast as your hands dig into my ass cheeks pulling them wide apart. You thrust upwards into me until waves of pleasure ripple through me and I have a screaming come. You begin massaging my tits, licking and sucking my nipples until they're rigid and red. I can feel you still rock hard inside me.

Your hand slides between my legs and you moisten your finger on my pussy juices. Then I feel that same finger working its way into my asshole, in and out, until I'm begging you to fuck me again. 

You lift me off you and push me to my knees. "Suck me, baby, taste your pussy juice on my cock". I tongue you vigorously from your balls up to the tip of your cock. Sucking you off is one of my favourite things to do. I use my hand to smear my pussy juices over your length and then I take as much of you into my mouth as I can, sucking and tasting you. Your dick hits the back of my throat as you face fuck me and I can tell you're about to come.

Suddenly you pull out of my mouth and push me down on all fours. You rub your cock against the wetness of my cunt and then I feel you press against my asshole. I pretend to be shocked and start to say "No, I can't take you there!" 

But you roughly grasp a handful of my hair and yank my head back to whisper "Take it up the ass, like a good little girl" and then you push into me and you're frantically ass-fucking me hard as my hips buck against you and I scream. Your cock is pumping my ass and your persistent fingers are fucking my hot pussy until we both climax and collapse in a tangled sweaty heap on the floor.