 Sue looked up at me and smiled. It wasn't much of a smile given that my entire cock was stuffed in her mouth, but it was enough to harden me that last bit. You know, when it feels like the skin on your cock is about to rip apart. Still, she managed to keep the entire thing in her mouth. 

I'm not the biggest guy in the world, but I have had enough blowjobs to know that swallowing my dick at the height of excitement is no easy task. "You proud of yourself?" I asked. Her eyes were still smiling, but she grunted with a bit of indignation.

Sue eased a bit of my cock out her mouth leaving just enough room to wrap her right thumb and index finger around the base of my shaft. Her hand pushed into my body in an attempt to stretch my skin even thinner. I felt the tip of her tongue dance along the underside of my shaft as she slowly pulled her head away. 

My cock was shiny and wet with her saliva. The vein on top was bulging. The head had a sharply defined ridge at its base. Sue's tongue circled every centimeter of it just before it slipped out of her mouth. 

I don't know how she slowed down time at that moment, but it felt like it took twice as long for the head of my cock to reappear as it did for the first six inches. Sue's lips puckered over the entire head, making her mouth a hall of pleasure while her tongue darted and swirled. My moans were rewarded with more flicks and licks to the underside of my head. 

The hand at the base of my cock pressed in again, just for good measure. I wasn't going to get any bigger at this point. Sue just wanted to be sure. At the same time, I felt her other hand cup my balls. She slowly moved them up and down, as if assessing their weight or worthiness. That morphed into fingernails lightly scratching the back of my sac and balls. I could feel my cum beginning to boil.

Sue slowly released more of me from her mouth, her tongue moving in ever-smaller circles until it was tracing nothing but the very tip. With my skin stretched tight, the slot on my cock was pulled wide open. The feeling of her tongue dipping in and out was on the edge of painful and my moans let Sue in on that fact. 

She concentrated on getting the biggest reaction from me by flicking her tongue hard and fast across the tip of my cock. My entire body got stiff. This felt so good and hurt so much I couldn't stand it anymore. Just when I was about to pull back, Sue stopped, looked up at me and said, "I'm not proud of myself. I just prefer sucking your cock to my husband's."

Without hesitation, she opened her mouth again and ran her tongue across the underside of my head. My load started shooting into her mouth. The first two jet streams went straight in. With one smooth move, Sue closed her mouth and swallowed. But I wasn't done. The third stream hit her just under the right eye. As she tilted her head up, the fourth hit her right cheek. The fifth just missed her chin and covered her neck. I'm certain that's just what she wanted.

Sue's mouth returned to my cock, engulfing it while her right hand started pumping my shaft. Her left hand gently squeezed my balls. She sucked hard with every stroke toward my body. I could feel the last bits of cum ooze out onto her tongue.

I was amazingly hard when she finished, especially given the workout I just had. When Sue stood up, my cum ran down her face, cheek and neck even faster. She wasn't bothered by it. Instead, she put both hands on my chest and playfully pushed me down on the bed. 

It took only a moment for her to straddle me. Again, her right hand was at the base of my dick, stretching me as tight and hard as I could be. This time, Sue impaled herself on my cock. It was such a sharp thrust that the mattress actually rebounded, bouncing my ass up in the air a little. 

Sue used the momentum to start riding me hard. My cock was buried in her and somehow stayed that way through the all the motion. This seemed to suit Sue just fine. Her right hand was now rubbing her clit hard and fast. Her left hand was smearing my cum all over her face, neck, and tits. She was getting off by bathing in my juice and giving her pussy all the action it could handle.

It was surreal. Here I was, fucking this beautiful, married woman who was not my wife. She was going to town like she hadn't been fucked in years and this was after giving me the best blow job I had to this point in my life. I watched Sue bounce on my cock. It felt great and the same time, it felt like I was watching a movie. 

This was fun. I was aroused, but not to the pointing of coming. In fact, I wasn't even sure if I was going to work up and deliver a second load. That thought changed fast. 

I could tell Sue was having little orgasms by the way her stomach muscles tightened. The little moans that accompanied them provided good confirmation. I lost count at eight or nine. It turns out, that was just the warm-up for her.

By now all of my cum was rubbed into Sue's body. With nothing more to bathe in, she slowed down her motion and began to lie down on top of me. My cock was firmly embedded in her pussy and she made sure it stayed that way. First, I felt her closely shaved pussy hairs press against the skin above my cock. She wiggled around on my dick so she could grind her clit against my body. The contact sent a message down to my balls, "time to get in the game."

Slowly Sue pressed more of her body against me. Her skin felt good, even though it was a bit sticky with my cum. She stopped short of lying on top of me so she could rub her tits on my chest. Her nipples were large and hard. They felt good traveling along my skin. Sue's long brown hair draped over my face. She pressed her right cheek against my face. The smell of my cum engulfed her. I felt her teeth nibbling on my ear.

Then a whisper, "My husband can't make me come, not the way I want to come. He never lasts more than a few minutes and I'm lucky to get one small one. Tonight, you can take me where I've always wanted to go. I need you to ride you. I need you to shoot your load in me while I'm fucking you hard. It's the only way I can come. Please."

Needless to say, that firmed things up for me. I was rock solid after hearing that. Deep down in my balls, I could feel that warm sensation start to grow. My hands were on Sue's mid-section and I slowly pushed her into an upright position. About halfway up, she gazed into my eyes. The message I sent back was "fuck away." 

Sue started riding my cock again except this time is wasn't a bounce. Instead she glided her slick pussy along the entire length of my cock until I was just about out of her. The feeling of her pussy lips being spread out by my cock must have been especially good because that how Sue spent the next few minutes. She managed this mostly through hip action and managed to let nothing but the head of my dick in her pussy during that time. It was not unlike how she tantalized me during the blowjob. 

Sue was very wet. I felt some of her juices run down my dick and onto my balls. The sensation made them churn even more. I slid my hands down to her hips and pressed her body down. She moaned at the full reentry of my cock. "It's time," I told her.

Fully upright again, Sue started grinding away. It didn't take long for her to find the exact spot she wanted my cock pressing against in her cunt. Her hips started bucking forward and back. Her right hand found her clit once more and Sue was off to the races. 

A small orgasm came first. That just made her move faster. I kept my hands on her hips to keep my cock in position. Sue was giving it a beating with her pussy. The intensity of her movement was causing my entire body to slide on the bed. Small moans become longer and louder "ohs." 

I reached up with one hand and grabbed one of Sue's tits. Her bucking was so strong that I could only latch on to the nipple. I pinched it and twisted it. She tried to pull away but I wouldn't let go. "Fuck," she yelled, "that's so fucking good! Here, you try it." And with that, Sue grabbed my balls with her left hand and squeezed hard. She didn't let go either. It hurt. 

"Come on," she yelled, "fucking come in me. Fucking come in me." She stopped rubbing her clit and then pretty much stopped moving altogether. Her right hand pressed down on my body right at the base of my cock and her whole body tensed up. She whimpered, "Please come in me. Please." 

At that moment, Sue relaxed her grip on my balls and the cum began to flow. As the first pulse moved up my shaft, I could feel Sue's pussy tighten around me. When the first wave shot free of my cock, her pussy relaxed, accepting my offering before tightening again.

Sue's first long "Oh God, oh yes" was quickly replaced by different moans as her body involuntarily bucked on my cock. The spasms pulled every drop of cum from me. Even when I was done emptying my second full load of the day into her beautiful body, I continued to make my cock pulse in her pussy, setting off little shockwaves of pleasure. 

After a few minutes, Sue's body started to go limp. Fatigue was setting in. She climbed off my cock and crawled between my legs. She licked me clean and carefully cupped my dick in the palm of her hand. With a few wiggles, she nestled her cheek against the warmth of my cock. Then, with the biggest smile she could possibly have, Sue fell asleep.