 Author's note:  Hello all! This is my first submission here. I have a feeling women will like this one better than the men. Hope you all enjoy it but even if you don't, your comments are encouraged. All feedback welcome please! 

Karin's red cotton t-shirt felt warm and smooth beneath Rob's strong hands as he ran his fingers over  the tense flesh of her shoulders. ‘This one's really uptight,' he thought to himself. ‘I've never felt shoulders so tense. But I'll get her all loosened up,' he thought with a smile.

Even as the words entered his mind, he could feel the first signs that the petite redhead stretched on her stomach before him was starting to unclench, just a little. The kinks beneath his fingers began to tremble and finally smooth out under his touch. He kept making firm, soothing circles across her shoulders as his eyes traveled down her body to where the round, firm cheeks of her ass had her red silk panties packed to straining. Rob stared and suppressed a wolf whistle at the sight. His cock twitching just a little in his pants when she shifted her weight to one side and couldn't help but shake her gorgeous rear when she did.

Rob realized he was staring and looked back up at Karin's face to see if she was watching him. Fortunately her eyes were closed, and as he started to knead the warm flesh of her shoulders, she let out a tiny moan....

 ....Mmm," Karin said to herself. This is what she needed. A slight smile curled across her lips as she felt the warm, strong hands play over her. She could feel all the tension and worries from the office disappearing already.

 His hands rubbed softly from the nape of her neck out to her shoulders and back again. With a light, feathery touch, he caressed her skin, until it felt alive beneath his fingers. Then, a bit a more firm. He began rubbing her neck now. He wrapped his hands gently around both sides of her neck and pressed into the back of it with his thumbs. Working them against her skin in tiny circles, he moved up and down her sensitive nape -- up and down, up and down. His thumbs pressing firmly on her flesh the whole time.

A loud moan escaped Karin's lips as he smoothed out her oh-so-tired and strained neck. The tingles were shooting up and down her spine from where his thumbs stimulated the sensitive area. She gasped slightly and tensed up for just a moment as he leaned in close and his warm breath tickled the hairs on her neck. 

"Relax," Rob said. "Just relax. Give me your left arm please."

Karin extended the arm out from her side, her head dipping slightly lower as she did. Rob laid it alongside her body and lifted it out from her, sliding both of his hands along the arm, up to the shoulder. There his hands met, and he slid them all the way down again. Down to her hand. And back up. And back down. "Feel the heat flow from my fingertips, into your soft skin and flesh," he said to Karin. "Feel the tension leaving the muscles under my touch."

Now he did the same for her right arm. Long, slow strokes. Up to the shoulder. Down to the hand. Until they both could feel the warmth.

Rob asked, "The back massage will feel much better with your t-shirt off ma'am, would you like to remove it now?"

Karin thought for a moment, then nodded and whispered a tiny "yes." Then, without opening her eyes, she rose to her knees and pulled her t-shirt off over her head. Her firm, braless mounds jutted forward and quivered as she arched her back slowly before laying back down. Her chest now naked and her nipples quickly growing erect pressed against the table.

Rob reached for his rubbing oil.  He dabbed just two drops into the palm of each hand and rubbed them together firmly. "Just enough oil to help transfer the heat, ma'am," he said. Then he placed both hands on her shoulder blades. God he loved this part.

His hands moved in tandem, up and down along either side of Karin's spine. Feather-soft at first, as always, then with just a little more pressure. Long, slow strokes he made, over her shoulder blade, down along her spine, down to the small of her back. Then he moved in big circles, up over the back, down along the side, back up to her shoulder blades. Each hand feeling every ripple of the flesh beneath it as his warm touch made her skin vibrant once more.

Karin felt warm all over now. Her jaw started to slacken a little as she reached an even deeper level of relaxation.

Still he continued.

He pressed in with the heel of each hand now. Running them in smaller circles, working the muscles beneath the skin, warming, kneading, stimulating. He worked up her sides, all the way up to her arms and back down to her waist, on both sides of her warm, firm body. Then, he lightened his touch once more, placing his hands together again at the top of her back, running his fingers all over her back, from shoulders to waist, sending tingles through her entire body as her reinvigorated flesh now tingled with every feathery touch of his dancing fingers. Karin was too relaxed now to stifle her tiny moans and she lay blissfully at ease on the table, purring like a contented kitten.

Rob continued. Moving down her body, he passed by her tempting ass for now, knowing full well, she would be oh too happy to let him take that more-intimate flesh in his hands as well, when the time came. It was time for her legs now. 

His hands went to her ankles. He spoke softly to her. "So much tension in the lower legs of a professional woman," he said, gently kneading her legs from ankle to calf and back. "Those heels just leave everything from the knee down all knotted up. But I'll make it all go away."

"Ooooh. MM-hmmm," Karin replied.

His hands continued squeezing. All over each calf. Gentle squeezes that let him feel just how bunched up her muscles were. Then he began rubbing. Small circles on her calf, circling, circling, circling. He felt the muscles make those first twitches that tell him they're starting to loosen up. He rubbed just a little more firmly. Circling, circling, circling. His hands moved in small, slow whirls, back down to her ankles. Back up to her calves, kneading the taut flesh there. He worked the muscles firmly as they become more and more limber. So warm, so soft but so firm was her body.

Her calves now smooth and warm to his diligent touch, he continued his journey up her shapely legs. His hands moved in soothing swirls once more. Over the calf, up to the pit of her knee, down the outside of her leg, over her ankle, back up the inside of her leg, up to her calf again. Stopping to knead her calves again.  Slowly and firmly. Kneading. Then he spread his fingers and ran his hands over her toned curves of her lower body once again. No more knots. No more kinks. Just the smooth, warm flesh of a young, toned female body thoroughly relaxed and experiencing the first kindlings of arousal. She tingled all over.

A long, low moan escaped Karin's lips and she parted her thighs just a little as Rob's hands slid above her knees and began lightly stroking her thighs. Rob had been waiting for that sure sign of arousal, watching for it carefully. He noticed it at once and smiled. 

He massaged her thighs in two different ways. First one at a time. Moving around to the side of the table. He placed his left hand in the center of the back of her left thigh. With his right hand he cupped the instep on her let foot. Slowly he lifted her left foot, until her knee was flexed in a near perfect "L" shape, with her toes pointed straight at the wall behind her. Rob had to fight the urge to kiss her smooth, warm calf as he held the leg up against his body while his hands played over her hamstring. He began with small swirls and a light touch, then as her flesh responded, he moved his hands in larger and larger circles. He worked his fingers from the bottom of her thigh, just above the knee, up to her hip, following the cut of her red silk bikini panties, around to the inside of the thigh, following that warm, sensitive area all the way down to the knee before looping back up over her hamstring again. Then he lay her leg back down flat and continued his motions. Her body was truly a delight and his cock was now at full attention and throbbing in his shorts as his hands made their circles, radiating out from the center of the thigh, getting larger and larger. Then, when she was once again warm to his touch, he began kneading the flesh. Once done, he did the same for her right leg. 

"Just a little more oil now, ma'am," Rob said, as he dabbed a few drops on each hand and rubbed it in to feel the warmth. And as he moved back down to the end of the table and grabbed her calves to pull her closer, he took a deep breath, slid his fingers up the insides her thighs until he heard her moan, and thought, ‘It's time to see how far I can take this one.'

 Karin gasped as she suddenly felt his hands resting gently on her silk panties. She felt those big warm hands squeezing the soft cheeks of her ass gently. Clenching and unclenching on them. Gently, gently squeezing. They moved up to her waist and down to wear each cheek met a thigh and back up again. Her moans were coming constantly now. It just felt so good. Karin could feel the heat spread as the wonderful, soothing warmth began now to spread to her ass. She squirmed under the warm touch and her legs continued to part bit by bit as her body moved. The hands then began moving with a purpose. She felt them slide toward the crevice between her cheeks. More small, circles, kneading the willing flesh through her panties. Down, down, down the crevice they moved, and Karin moaned and smiled happily with her eyes closed, basking in the warm sensation of the touch. 

Then, the hands slid even lower down to her crotch, where heat and warmth were radiating from her tingling body, and she felt two thumbs pressed against the moist patch in her panties.

Karin gasped, opening her eyes for the first time since her massage had begun. Her body had been aroused for some time but had been floating on such a cloud of sensual pleasures engulfing her whole body that only now did she realize that this massage had given her a very wet pussy that was now eager for attention. The fingers had stopped moving. They were pressed patiently against her wet crotch, she got the message. The masseur was awaiting her decision. And she knew once she made it there would be no going back.

Karin propped up her body on one elbow and slowly looked back over her shoulder. Her lidded eyes met his and she simply nodded, "Yes."

With that, she lay back down and felt his hands slide up to the top of her panties. Then she felt them sliding   down over her ass, past her thighs, beyond her knees, down her calves, past her ankles and off.

He moved around to her side then. And she felt one hand gently cup her wet mound. She whimpered. He rubbed her whole mound with his whole hand. His palm mashing her clit to her body and buffing it with her juices as she began to pant. Over and over he stroked her, until she rose her hips completely off the table, thrusting them backward against his hand as she bucked and gasped again and again. 

Then he slipped easily slipped two fingers into her soaked cunt and spread them out inside her, splitting her pussy open for the first time.

"FUCK!" She nearly screamed.

And just like that, he quickly took the fingers away.

"Turn over," he said quietly.

She eagerly did so and looked at him, really looked at him, for the first time. He had removed his shirt and was rubbing his hands together. She took in his broad chest, his dark eyes, his flexing arm muscles and the bulge in his tight shorts as she lay back down and took a deep breath, staring up at him.

"Now spread them for me,"  he said.

She raised her knees and let them fall open easily. Her wet cunt now fully on display.

He moved to the side of the table, lifted her left leg and hooked it over his shoulder. She gasped as she felt him plant soft kisses all over both of her thighs, coming so close to her steaming cunt but not touching it. Finally, he sucked two fingers into his mouth and slid them back into her pussy. With a gasp and a whimper, she began to squirm  and buck on the table as he slid them in and out. Her breath was sputtering from her in broken gasps now as she felt his hot breath on her clit. And she thrust her hips off the table and grunted. Grabbing the back of his head trying to force him to take her clit into his mouth and give her the release she now desperately needed.

She heard him give a slight chuckle and then felt soft, warm, wet lips close around her clit while the fingers kept pumping her cunt. Her hips shot up from the table as a deep heavy groan escaped her lips.

"OHMIGOD YES!!!!" 

"UNNNHH!"

His tongue was merciless. She felt it lash her clit repeatedly as one hand pumped her cunt and the other caressed her tummy. She bounced up and down as if trying to throw him as she grunted and swore, finally, bucking one last time and locking her hips as orgasm took hold of her body. 

"I'M FUCKING CUMMING!!" She managed to bleat as the waves of pleasure swept through her under the relentless assault of his hands and tongue. Until finally she lay panting and sweaty on the table, a blissful, faraway grin on her face.

And as her mind drifted through eternity, she was vaguely aware of his fingers, those magic fingers playing softly over her tummy as he kissed her juices from her thighs.

‘Oh yeah,' Karin would think when she returned to reality, ‘that was exactly what I needed.'