 We had been relaxing on the back porch for a little while; idle chit-chat here and there. Jen's hand never left my package for a second, just enjoying the beautiful day when I heard a car pull up out front. Jen glanced at me with a look of concern, but I reassured her she was perfectly fine where she was so she just curled back into me and stayed put. She already trusted me completely. I knew my friend Dave had been planning to come over at some point this weekend to discuss some sort of new business proposition in which he was hoping to include me. When I heard the door to the car shut, I just yelled, "come on around back, Dave. I'm on the porch." 

I looked back at Jen, "Dave's a nice guy, you'll like him. But you know you need to be a good girl while he's here, right?" She nodded, and I knew she understood to stay quiet and do what I tell her.

Dave came around the side of the house and up on the porch. "Morning, Matt. Oh hey, I didn't know you had company."

"Hey Dave, good to see you man. Yeah, this is Jen. She's staying with me for the weekend, maybe longer." I said with a smile and a quick glance at Jen. She just smiled back at me and turned to Dave to say "hi". I felt her hand grasp a little more firmly on my bulge and knew she was perfectly comfortable and right where she wanted to be.

I've known Dave since I started working construction right after high school. He's was always a great guy to work with; driven, diligent, one of those guys who was always the first to arrive and the last to leave a site. Needless to say, he didn't have much of a personal life. As hardworking as he is, he tends to be a little bit of a bore when it came to hanging out outside of work, and I never knew him to have much success with the ladies. His dedication to the job meant that he moved up in the company we worked for pretty quickly and eventually took part ownership. I was happy for him and glad to have someone so close to the industry when I needed some extra work. At any rate, he was one of my best friends, we always had each other's backs, and since he was single he was good for having a drink or watching a game. 

Because we'd been close for so long, he was well aware of my relationships and how they worked, so what he witnessed when he walked up on that porch came as no surprise to him. Though he'd never come out and said it, I knew that a part of him enjoyed it when he got to witness one of my trysts; since relationships were few and far between for him, he tended to live vicariously through me and maybe a part of him even got off on it. 

As it turned out, Dave had come over to discuss business and a new opportunity that had come up and thought I might want to be a part of. After a few minutes of chatting, I looked at Jen and told her to go make some more coffee and bring a cup for Dave and myself. She smiled at the opportunity to serve me in any capacity and so she headed inside to put on more coffee. With Jen out of range, Dave took the opportunity to ask about her.

"So where'd you find this one? She seems just your type, Matt."

"Yeah, she's been pretty great so far, still has some learning to do, but she seems pretty eager. I actually met her in class, we're working on a project together." I told him.

"Oh wow, so she hasn't been around long then. I'm surprised, with the state you two were in and her clear obsession with you and your junk, I figured she'd been around awhile."

I let out a little laugh, "Ha, yeah, she's definitely got all the right moves. I'd apologize for the state we were in when you came over, but I knew you wouldn't mind, and frankly I'm really not sorry. When a girl's so ready to serve, I'm certainly not going to deny her!" 

Dave let out a big laugh at the one. "I bet you won't, you lucky son of a bitch! Listen, you do what you gotta do. Don't let me stop you. As long as we can get our business done, I'll be outta your hair as soon as I can."

"I hear ya," I replied. "Speaking of, tell me a little more about how you see this working around my current schedule. I'll be taking a full load of classes next semester and a few during the summer too. Will that work out okay?"

Just then, Jen walked back outside, with two fresh cups of coffee. She was still in the robe, but I noticed the top was open a little wider than before. I wasn't sure if it had opened on it's own, or if she just wanted to show off a little, now that she had an audience. Either way, she looked great. She handed the mugs to each of us and I looked up at her, "why don't you take a seat in your favorite spot?" I noticed Dave grinned a little, but she obediently knelt right down on the deck without hesitation and got comfortable in between my legs. For the next several minutes, he and I talked, and Jen gently rubbed my leg with her hand, slowly making her way up my inner thigh and eventually back to the place she loved so much. She sat there, contentedly massaging my bulge with her head resting back on my leg, while she stared directly at my manhood. I didn't have to look at her to know she was in heaven.

Dave and I continued chatting for a little while and I felt the conversation starting to wrap up. I placed my hand on the back of Jen's head and pushed her face into my crotch. She, of course, understood and started licking and kissing my bulge all over the fabric of my briefs. As that was happening, Dave stood to shake my hand and head out. "Good seeing you man, enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I look forward to hearing your decision with the new project. Nice to meet you too Jen."

Jen didn't move, but just nodded her head as I gently pushed on the back of her head. "See ya later Dave. I'll give you a call after I think it over."

Dave left and I sat back in my chair to enjoy the rest of my coffee and Jen's service on my package. This was turning out to be a perfect Saturday. A woman bowing to my every whim. A beautiful, quiet morning. And a pretty fantastic job offer in the works. Maybe I am just a lucky son of a bitch like Dave said. 

A little while later, I noticed the sun was starting to pass over head. We'd been out on the porch longer than I realized. Jen was still nuzzling up to me when I looked down and said, "Hey, I know you're enjoying yourself down there, but it's after noon and we left your car at the bar last night. Think maybe we ought to head back and pick it up?"

She looked up at me with a smirk, "Can't you see I'm busy?"

"Ha, I realize that and I'm completely with you there, but it probably wouldn't hurt to take a little time out to go get your car. Besides, I have a couple things I need to get done today anyway."

She put on a pouty face. "All right. I guess I'll go get dressed. Can you stay in what you're wearing though?" She said with a smile and a pleading tone.

"I'm not really sure that would go over too well if we get pulled over. But I appreciate the effort." I told her with a wink. "Now go upstairs and get your clothes and we'll head out in a few minutes. 

She stood up and I smacked her ass as she headed inside. I finished the last few sips of my coffee, called the dog in, and headed in to get dressed myself. I just put on one of my workout shirts with the sleeves and sides cut off and pulled on some gym shorts over my briefs, slid on some sneakers and I was ready. We got in the truck and before I even had the key in the ignition, Jen had leaned over and had pulled my cock out of my shorts to began sucking on it. I started the car then rubbed her head and said, "That's a good girl. I'm glad you've learned your place so quickly. Just stay there and enjoy, you've got plenty of time with my cock before we get to your car." I heard her quiet little moans begin as I backed out and we were on our way. For the next thirty minutes, Jen's mouth didn't leave my cock for one second and I got to enjoy a nice quiet drive on the country roads that led back into town.

When we arrived at the bar, I practically had to pull her off of me to get her to stop sucking and take care of the task at hand. When she finally sat up, I could tell she was deep in thought.

"I don't think I can wait to get your cock again until you're done doing whatever you needed to do this afternoon. I want to be close to it all the time now," she said with a bit of concern.

I was actually hoping she would say this. Not just because I like to have my dick in a mouth at all times, but she was actually a part of my 'plans' this afternoon. "Well, you can come with me, but what do you want to do about your car?" I asked.

She thought for a minute and finally said, "What if we drop off my car on campus, then I can just ride with you?"

Perfect response. "That works okay for me. I'll follow, but give me a little kiss first."

"Awesome," she said smiling. And intuitively, she leaned back down and gave my cock a big kiss before tucking it back in my underwear and stepping out of the car. 

This was going very well so far. She was turning out to be the very epitome of the woman I wanted. I had a bit of a plan for this afternoon, and her need to serve me was causing it all to fall into place. With the way things went earlier this morning, I had no doubts about how she would handle what was in store for her later in the day. 

We arrived on campus within minutes and Jen headed over to the truck. She opened the passenger door, but didn't get in right away.

"Do you mind if I head up to my room to pack a bag and change real quick? I'll only be a few minutes."

"Oh yeah, that's probably a good idea. Don't be too long." I told her.

"No worries, I'll be back in a few!" She quickly leaned in and kissed my bulge one last time before heading inside.

In less than 24 hours, Jen's instincts and obsession with my cock were really proving her to be the perfect match for me. A beautiful girl who wanted nothing more than to please me; she spent the whole drive here sucking on me and she already knew that when I wanted a kiss it was to be on my cock. She got on her knees to occupy herself during my meeting with Dave, always a good sign a girl knows her place. Hell, she sucked a load of cum out of me for breakfast and hadn't eaten since! No girl had proven that dedicated, or even close. My 'plans,' as I had mentioned earlier, would put her to two major tests of her devotion. If she was really the little cock obsessed slave she seemed to be, I needed to find out for sure.

Jen came back about 10 minutes later with a small suitcase, obviously she planned to be staying for a while. That made me smile to myself. She climbed in the truck, threw her suitcase in the back and without saying a word, just leaned back over and started kissing and sucking on my bulge. I pulled out of the lot and started down the street and out of town. I patted my hand back on her head and said, "Listen, not to disappoint you, but I don't want you enjoying yourself too much right now. Just keep your head down there and enjoy being where you are."

She paused for a moment, I could tell she was disappointed, but replied, "Yes, Sir," and left it at that. For the next 20 minutes, she laid in my lap, nuzzling against my manhood, taking in my scent, and giving me light kisses while I drove. Finally we arrived at our destination. We were in an exclusive subdivision way on the outskirts of town. The kind with lots of "mansions" that all look basically the same, but a few on the backside that were really huge and beautiful. I was headed to the biggest one. With Jen's face still buried in my lap, I pulled up to the driveway and I pressed the call box at the gate.

A voice came across the intercom, "Reed residence. How may I help you?" 

"Yeah, this is Matt Miller for Mrs. Reed. She's expecting me."

A few moments later the voice came back, "Come ahead, Sir. She says to pull around to the side entrance."

The gates opened and I pulled through. I headed up the driveway and directly to the other side of the house. I knew it well as I had been here frequently, the side entrance opened to a hallway right outside the Reeds bedroom. 

I had known John Reed since I was just a kid. My father had worked for his company and he paid me to mow the lawn and do yard work when I was in middle school and high school. He was an older man, probably in his mid-sixties, who owned several different companies throughout the region. He was nice, and had treated me well. In fact, the construction company I had worked for was one of his ventures. Over the years, he had continued to call me to take care of things around the house, since he had known me so long and trusted me to be in and out of the house. He had really taken care of me, and I appreciated that.

About 8 years back, after a messy divorce from a woman who only wanted his money, he had met a woman he thought he could really settle down with. Her name was Renee, she was about 45 at the time, much closer in age to him than his previous two marriages and she really didn't want him just for his money. She wasn't the most beautiful woman on the planet, she had a fit, but full body, long brunette hair, and kind eyes, but she was a little plain. She was a lot of fun though and very friendly, his friends loved her, and she was great at the social functions and events they attended frequently. Despite the great relationship they had, it ultimately was a marriage of convenience. She was lonely, and he needed someone on his arm.

Just before they were to be married, Mr. Reed had contacted me about a week before the wedding to ask if I would come over to help get some things fixed up before all of the guests came in town. He said he would be out of town, but the future Mrs. Reed would be home to give me direction. I had never met her before, so I was intrigued to get to know her before the wedding. Not only that, but I was 20 at the time and could always use some extra cash, so I agreed, and showed up the next morning ready to work. 

Mrs. Reed greeted me at the door and welcomed me in. I could tell I liked her the moment we met. She was just so friendly. She gave me a list and said I probably knew better than her where to find what I needed and she would leave me alone for the most part. If I did need her, she said she would either be by the pool, or reading in the bedroom, which opened to the pool.

I went about the list and got most of it done pretty quickly, in just a couple hours I had fixed faucets, touched up paint, etc. The final thing on the list was to get the pool ready to be used. It needed cleaned and that had potential to be a big job. "Great," I thought. I wasn't ready for that at all. All I wore that day was an old greasy wife beater and some jeans. Not prepared to get wet and work out in the heat of Summer. 

I walked into the kitchen to grab something to eat and take a survey of the pool while I snacked. Mrs. Reed wasn't out there, but the pool was a mess. Leaves, grass, it looked like it hadn't been touched all year. It would take a while. As much as I didn't want to, I had told Mr. Reed I'd help out all I could, so I headed outside and gathered all of the equipment I would need. Man, was it hot out there. I took off my shirt and shoes first thing. They definitely weren't helping. I managed to get most of the leaves and shit cleaned out, but I knew I would need to get in it to really do it the way he wanted and hook up the pool-vac. Not knowing what else to do, I dropped my pants and threw them over a chair and dove in wearing just my briefs. I started to work and just as I was finishing up, Renee came out and waved and asked how it was going, not yet noticing I was practically naked. I told her it was fine as she took a seat on one of the lounges to sun herself. I finished up about 10 minutes later, got out of the pool, and began toweling off. As I was grabbing my pants, she yelled across the pool.

"Why don't you come join me for a while? You've worked so hard all day, the least I can do is offer you a drink and some relaxation by the pool!" She said with a smile.

""Umm...sure, that would be nice actually. It's a beautiful day, and I could use a drink." So I headed over to take a seat next to her, leaving my jeans on the chair. 

"Great! What can I get you? I was just heading in to freshen up my drink."

"A beer would be great. Whatever you have, I'm not picky. Thanks!" She headed inside and I laid back on the lounge next to hers, clasped my hands behind my head, closed my eyes and just enjoyed the warmth of the sun on my body. Honestly, at this point I hadn't given much thought to the fact that I was wet, nearly naked, and hanging out in front of a woman who hadn't been around a younger man in a long time. She made me feel comfortable, like a favorite aunt or something. She was so friendly, I just enjoyed the company. And at that point, I truly didn't have a lot of experience around women so, despite being a horny 20 year old guy, I wasn't thinking much of the situation.

I didn't hear her walking up when she said, standing over me, "It's nice to have a young man around here. It can get so dull during the days in this big house all alone."

She handed me the beer and I took a swig and replied, "I can imagine. But surely you have a pretty active social life, being Mr. Reed's future wife?"

"Ah, it can be, but most days I'm just here trying to find things to do. It's just nice to have someone around. Especially a nice young man like yourself. And so handsome too! You must be fighting off the ladies all the time." 

I could sense her eyeing me up and down. I enjoyed the admiration, so I didn't think much of it. "Not really. I'm not like a lot of guys my ages, actually a bit of a homebody. Kinda picky too, so I've just gotten used to being on my own."

"Well clearly you're a very confident guy. Not many young men would be so comfortable hanging out in their underwear in front of a practical stranger." She giggled a little at that comment. "You should be though. You've got a lot to be confident about."

We continued chatting for a little while, maybe an hour or so. She had a couple more drinks and I had another beer. It was a very nice afternoon. Finally, after coming back out with another beer for me, she sat down and looked at me with a seriousness on her face and a very different tone in her voice. "Matt, I feel like we've gotten very comfortable with each other today, and I enjoy your company very much. More than that, I find to you be an incredibly attractive man. You exude confidence and power and you don't even realize it. And to tell you the truth, you just look so damn good laying there right now."

I wasn't sure what she was getting at, or if it was just the alcohol talking, although she really hadn't had that much, so I just said, "Well, uh, thank you. I'm not sure what to say."

"I'm not done yet," she said. "I love John very much. He's been very good to me and I plan to be with him for a very long time. To be honest with you though, he doesn't satisfy me. The sexual part of our relationship is practically non-existent. I miss having a man who can take me and do things for me that John will never be able to do. Do you get what I'm saying?"

I sat up and turned to face her, my feet on the ground, "I believe I understand perfectly. But, I'm not sure I'm the guy you're looking for. Mr. Reed has been good to me too over the years." While that was true, it wasn't the real reason I was turning her down. I didn't have the heart to say I just didn't find her attractive.

"I know, I know," she replied. "I'm not trying to ruin that. And I appreciate you for thinking of him that way. I'm just asking you to do me a favor."

"I just don't know if I can do that. I've never been with an older woman, and I'm not sure I could do it. You're wonderful woman, I just don't know if I can think of you that way." I told her.

"I understand what you're saying, Matt, but I'm not even asking you to sleep with me. In fact, you wouldn't even have to look at me if you didn't want to. The thing I miss the most is servicing a man completely and selflessly with my mouth. That's all I need from you. And Matt, I can make it worth your while."
