 Kaitlin looked at herself in the full-length mirror in her bedroom as she got dressed for work. Reflected back at her was an intelligent, attractive, and adventurous blonde with deep blue expressive eyes. She had a great smile and personality, and nice round 38C breasts that loved the attention they received from her wonderful husband. She laughed to herself as she thought about all the men, and once in a while women, that she had caught sneaking a peek at her chest over the years. 

She had been working for Anderson Advertising, one of the top ad agencies in the country for almost five years. She loved her job and during the last three years she had been the top account executive at the agency, the best among fifty men and women in that position. The top account executive each year received a $100,000 bonus, but for Kaitlin the money was secondary. She was fiercely competitive and for her the thrill of winning, the recognition, and respect that it brought, and knowing that she was the very best, continued to drive her to excel.

Over the years she had heard some of her counterparts whining about her always winning. Especially Jeff Hawkins, a fast tracker, who had finished third and second the last two years. One day she heard that he told one of the other guys in the office that she probably had sex with clients just to get their business. Kaitlin was livid about his comments so she cornered him and confronted him about his innuendo. "Look Jeff, I have never resorted to that type of activity with a client, and if I ever hear anything like that again I'm filing a complaint with Human Resources," she shouted into his reddening face. "I think you owe me an apology! Why is it that some men just can't stand losing to a woman?" she rebuked.

Jeff was caught off guard, and he stammered at first trying to explain that he didn't mean to imply that Kaitlin was doing anything inappropriate. Her cold hard stare bore right through him. Jeff looked around and saw at least twenty co-workers staring at him and Kaitlin so he quickly decided to apologize and try to make the whole unpleasant situation go away before any of the partners noticed the chaos being caused by the incident. "I'm sorry Kaitlin, I never meant to question your integrity or moral ethics," Jeff stated.

Satisfied that she had made her point Kaitlin said, "Thank you," then turned on her heels and headed back to her office. She sat there for a few minutes, letting her blood pressure return to normal, thinking about accounts that she had dealt with over the last couple of years. She knew that most men found her to be attractive, and enjoyed her warm bubbly personality, her great sense of humor, and her southern accent. However she found it hard to believe that in today's rigid business climate that sex appeal had anything to do with her success. She always dressed nicely in business suits when meeting with clients, but her outfits weren't provocative. In fact she normally wore clothing that made the size of her breasts less obvious, and didn't show any cleavage. Sure there had been some occasional flirting from time to time but Kaitlin had always maintained a professional and business-like attitude when dealing with her clients. After reviewing all the facts Kaitlin was convinced that her success was mainly the result of hard work. After all she performed a lot of research on the client and their business needs/preferences prior to meeting them, and provided excellent customer service to existing clients. Then there was her competitive drive that drove her to be the best at whatever she did. 

The last few months had been very stressful for Kaitlin. Brian has lost his high paying job three months ago, and in this economy he was not having any luck at finding another. They had been living well on two salaries, but now the bills were starting to pile up. With only two weeks left in the fiscal year Jeff was ahead of her in sales by a million dollars. Adding even more pressure was the fact that one of the three Senior Account Executive positions in the agency was going to be vacant soon, and Kaitlin wanted the promotion very bad. Even though her performance clearly indicated that she was the best person for the position, it had never been occupied by a woman before. What worried her most was a conversation she had last week with Howard her managing partner. He reminded her that it was all about momentum in this business. Her numbers had been below average, at least for her, the last six months and there was some concern among the partners that she had peaked. It's the old story of don't tell me what you did for me last week, show me what you're going to do for me this week. The good news was that she had been given the challenge and responsibility of landing the Cortez account, which would add at least three million dollars of annual revenue to the firm. The partners had made it very clear that landing the Cortez account was critical, only adding to the overwhelming pressure that Kaitlin already felt. 

The Cortez clothing chain had been started by Manuel Cortez after he immigrated from his native country to Dallas in the late 1980's. Now due to failing health he was retiring and turning the business over to his sons Carlos and Ramon. Carlos Cortez had recently been promoted to CEO, and his younger brother Ramon, was named President. Kaitlin's sources informed her that the brothers were very ambitious hard driving businessmen, who pushed their vendors to the limit. Their company's double-digit growth over the last two years had forced them to consider changing advertising agencies, and there was a frenzy among the rival agencies that were competing for their lucrative business. The Cortez brothers had narrowed their search to their current agency and two others. Anderson Advertising was one of the two other agencies and Kaitlin had a presentation scheduled with them next week in Dallas. All she had to do was convince them that Anderson Advertising could meet all their current and future business needs.

Kaitlin was sitting at her desk pouring through the research material that she had collected on Cortez Clothing Inc. when her phone rang.

"Hi Kaitlin, it's Jessica, how are you doing?" 

"Hi Jess, I'm having some problems right now. I'll tell you about them later. How about yourself?" Kaitlin replied. Kaitlin and Jessica were good friends who met in college, and then worked together at Anderson Advertising until Jessica left about a year ago to work for a competitor Barnes & Cunningham. They had that special kind of friendship between two women that allowed them to talk about anything, and over the years they had confided in each other on plenty of occasions. The one thing that Kaitlin had never been able to share with her friend was how much she fantasized about the two of them having a sexual encounter. Kaitlin was very curious about what it would feel like to have a sexual experience with another woman, and the woman she wanted was Jessica. She had never actually seen Jessica completely naked but just thinking about Jessica's wavy brown shoulder length hair, long shapely legs, cute derriere, and perky upturned breasts always made her squeeze her thighs together.

Jessica asked, "Are you going to Dallas next week to meet with the Cortez brothers?"

"Yes I am," Kaitlin replied. "Don't tell me that you're going too." 

"Looks like they are going to have all three agencies present the same week," Jessica stated. "Why don't we go out a couple of days early and spend the weekend together. It's been almost a year since we've seen each other, and we have a lot of catching up to do." While they had stayed in touch by phone and email, it just wasn't the same as being able do things together.

Kaitlin replied, "Sounds like a great idea Jess. I'm staying at the Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Stemmins Freeway, and I'll fly in on Friday. That way we will have the whole weekend. I'm so excited, it going to be just like old times."

"Okay Kaitlin I'll see you on Friday," Jessica cheerfully replied. Jessica immediately called the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Dallas, and while making her reservation asked the clerk to give her and Kaitlin adjoining rooms with a view of the city.

Kaitlin arrived at the hotel in the early afternoon and immediately inquired whether Jessica had checked in yet. The clerk, a handsome African American man in his early twenties who kept sneaking a peak at her chest, informed her that Jessica was in room 1816, the adjoining room to hers. Kaitlin rushed upstairs and knocked on Jessica's door. When Jessica opened the door the two women exchanged a long emotional hug, each with a tear in their eyes, both going on about how much they had missed each other. 

Jessica suggested, "Why don't you unpack, and freshen up a bit, and then we can go shopping at the Galleria."

"Okay give me thirty minutes," Kaitlin replied. The two of them dashed off to the Galleria talking about what was new in their lives, and about work. Kaitlin purchased a red silk blouse that was sheer and showed a lot of cleavage, and a black wrap-around skirt that stopped about three inches above her knees. Her husband Brian used to love when she dressed sexy for him, and Kaitlin hoped that he would be excited with her choices. Jessica purchased a red chiffon dress that hugged her curves like a glove and ended six inches above her knee, causing Kaitlin to whistle in appreciation. Then they were off to Victoria Secret to buy some sexy underwear to go with their new outfits. 

Kaitlin tried on a number of different combinations, and finally decided on the same set that Jessica was buying except hers was a different size and color combination. The four piece set contained a very sexy black under-wire bra with black strings in a crisscross pattern across her cleavage, a black silk thong, and a lacy black garter belt with stockings. Kaitlin smiled and her nipples hardened as she thought about Brian's response to the new lingerie. Their sex life hadn't been very good lately and she desperately wanted to do whatever she could to spice things up. It's hard enough keeping the fires of matrimonial passion burning when you have been married for a long time, but now his depression and lack of sexual interest was really taking a toll on Kaitlin. She found herself needing to masturbate more frequently than normal. Her body constantly ached for Brian's touch, but it had been a month since he last made love to her and brought her to orgasm.

Their shopping trip completed Kaitlin and Jessica headed back to the hotel to get ready for dinner. They found this authentic Mexican restaurant that had excellent food and tempting desserts. Best of all they enjoyed each other's company, and spent hours talking about family and old times while enjoying a delicious white wine. Kaitlin told Jessica about Brian losing his job and how it had changed him. He had been very moody lately, and depressed because he couldn't find another job. Their sex life had slowly deteriorated from a couple of wild lovemaking sessions each week, to a tepid once in a while occurrence. The last time he had touched her was almost a month ago. Kaitlin had tried to convince Brian that they should go to counseling for help, but Brian refused to go. He just kept telling Kaitlin that everything would get better as soon as he found a new job. Kaitlin started to cry and Jessica tried to console her telling Kaitlin that she knew how much the two of them loved each other, and was sure they would be able to survive this bump in the road of life. 

They settled their bill and returned to the hotel, Jessica suggesting that they stop in the lounge and have a nightcap. When Kaitlin told Jessica the story about the tongue-lashing she had given Jeff Hawkins in the office Jessica blushed unexpectedly. At first Kaitlin thought that Jessica was displaying anger that anyone would think she had to resort to that strategy, but Kaitlin's women's intuition led her to believe that it was something else causing Jessica to redden. The combination of the wine at the restaurant and the wine they were drinking now had put both women into a comfortable and relaxed frame of mind. Jessica looked at Kaitlin and giggling asked, "Just how far would you go with a client if all the marbles were at stake?" 

Now it was Kaitlin's turn to blush, and she almost choked on the last swallow of her wine. Thinking that her friend was just kidding around Kaitlin laughed and then with a mischievous look on her face replied, "I've never cheated on Brian during all the years of our marriage, but Jessica you know how damn competitive I can be!" 

Kaitlin could not help but notice Jessica making subtle eye contact with this somewhat older gentleman who was sitting by himself at a table near them. The man was dressed nicely in a blue suit, and his brown hair had just a touch of silver woven throughout. His gaze sometimes was directed under their table and with the short dress that Jessica was wearing, and the manner in which she was sitting, he was probably getting a great show. When his eyes met Jessica's there was a definite sparkle dancing in them. Knowing that Jessica flirted and teased men all the time it didn't dawn on Kaitlin that maybe there was more going on than she knew about.

Since both women confessed to being tired, and wanted to get up early tomorrow morning and play tennis they settled up their bill and went back to their rooms. Back in her room Kaitlin changed into her nylon pajamas, and went to the bathroom. As she exited she heard the outside door to Jessica's room open and close. She looked out the security peephole and saw Jessica pass by her room and quickly head down the hall to the elevator. Alarmed that something was wrong she went out in the hallway to ask Jessica if everything was okay, but unfortunately the elevator door had already closed. Kaitlin decided to stay up and wait for Jessica to return so she could ask her if everything was okay. Less than thirty minutes later Kaitlin heard the door to Jessica's room open and close. Kaitlin opened the connecting door that joined the two rooms on her side, and was about to knock when she distinctly heard a mans voice speaking and Jessica laughing. 

Kaitlin was in shock, and she felt butterflies dancing in the pit of her stomach. What in the hell was Jessica doing inviting a man back to her room, especially knowing that Kaitlin was in the room next door? Kaitlin wondered whether it was the same man Jessica had been flirting with downstairs? These were just some of the many questions that flooded her panic-stricken mind. She wanted to do something to find out what was going on, or help her friend, but all she could do was stand there frozen, pressing her ear against the door between the two rooms. Kaitlin could tell by Jessica's familiar lilting laugh that she didn't perceive the man posed any danger. In fact based on their discussion it almost seemed like Jessica already knew this man. But how could that be? Things were quiet for a few minutes and then Kaitlin heard Jessica say, "Stuart why don't you unzip me so I can get out of this new dress I bought for you." Then there was the unmistakable sound of a zipper being pulled down, and soft moans from Jessica as Stuart ran his fingertips up and down her spine.

Kaitlin heard the man say, "Oh Jessica, I just can't get enough of your hot body." Kaitlin was torn between her shock at what was obviously going to take place in the next room, and a tingle of voyeuristic excitement. Normally she would have respected Jessica's privacy but since she had brought this man, who she obviously already knew, back to her room for sex changed everything. She tried to pull herself away from the door a couple of times, but another moan coming from Jessica held her anchored in place. Kaitlin was surprised to feel her sensitive nipples quickly hardening underneath her nylon pajamas, and a wetness forming in her delta. 

Jessica and the older man continued igniting each other's flames of passion in the way that only illicit lovers can do. The sounds emanating from the other room rose and fell in volume and intensity and it was clear to Kaitlin that Jessica and the man were both enjoying themselves immensely.

As Kaitlin continued to listen she could hear the unmistakable sound of two bodies slapping together as the man hammered into Jessica. One of Kaitlin's hands was teasing and rubbing her aching hard nipples through the nylon material of the pajama top, and the other one had slid inside her pajama bottoms to glide through the juicy crease that was now soaked with her dew. She thought about getting her small vibrator, that she always carried discretely with her when away from home, but could not force herself away from the door. On and on the two lovers in the next room continued to fuck and Kaitlin had lost count of how many orgasms she heard Jessica experience. After more than an hour of non-stop sexual activity in the room next door, and her own self-pleasuring, Kaitlin could not stand it anymore. Her fingers were pinching and pulling her nipples hard, and her fingers were moving rapidly across her clit. She had already backed off a couple of times, driving her need higher and higher. Kaitlin somehow managed to time her climax with one of Jessica's, and then used Jessica's loud moans to cover the noise of her own climax as she let herself go. Her whole body stiffened, and then vibrated, as ripple after ripple of white heat coursed through her loins and breasts. When she was totally spent Kaitlin slid downwards and just laid against the door still hearing Jessica's whimpers of ecstasy, but lost in her own afterglow.

When Kaitlin finally returned from that special place all was quiet next door. Fifteen minutes later she heard the outside door to Jessica's room open and close. Dashing to the security peephole she recognized the man who passed by her door. It was the same man that Jessica had been flirting with down in the lounge.

Kaitlin was so pissed that her closest friend, a woman who she thought she knew, could do something this sneaky. She didn't know what the hell had happened to Jessica, but before the weekend was over she was determined to find out. Kaitlin tried to sleep but all night long she tossed and turned in torment as different emotions played out in her head. One moment she was thinking about being with Jessica and they were making each other moan with pleasure, and in the next Jessica was with the same man as last night. When the alarm finally went off at nine Kaitlin crawled out of bed, feeling like she hadn't slept a wink. Even after a nice hot steamy shower she didn't feel much better, and now she was angry and hurt that Jessica didn't talk to her about what was going on. Kaitlin and her husband Brian had spent a lot of time with Jessica and her husband Richard over the years and she thought they had the perfect marriage. Now Jessica had put Kaitlin in the uncomfortable position of knowing that she was having sex outside her marriage. Kaitlin had been very tempted herself on one occasion so she was aware that sometimes things happen, but what hurt the most was that Jessica was acting like everything in her life was normal, when Kaitlin knew that something had to be very wrong. The Jessica she knew, and loved, just would not have done something like that. Kaitlin was also forced to admit to herself that she also felt a pang of jealousy. She wished that she had been the one making love to Jessica instead of the older stranger. 

Jessica and Kaitlin met outside their rooms, they had decided last night that they would have a light breakfast before playing tennis. Jessica was her normal bubbly self and there was a glow about her this morning. Kaitlin's greeting was less than enthusiastic as they walked down the hallway and got on the elevator. Jessica asked, "What's wrong Kaitlin?"
