 "I'll be back," she said, scoffing at his whining. She knew he was trying to watch her, but the bed was getting in the way. Allison unscrewed her bottle of baby oil and took a small handful, returning to the bed.

Justin could see her hand cupped but didn't know what was in it. She knelt on her bed and poured a warm liquid onto his cock. He moaned as her hand wrapped around his length, spreading it.

"How's that feel?" she asked and she stroked him, paying extra attention to the sensitive head of his cock.

He moaned and bit his lip. "Really good," he managed and closed his eyes to relish in the feeling, but he looked again as she climbed onto him.

Surprising him, Allison pushed his cock against her tight asshole. It'd been a long time, but Allison hoped it wouldn't hurt. To both of their disbelief, his cock penetrated her easily and she sheathed him inside her. She moaned loud from the full feeling, loving how his thick cock stretched her.

Justin moaned with her. "Oh my god that feels so good," he told her. He watched as she bounced on his cock, using him as a live dildo. It turned him on so much to be helpless to her. She leaned forward, supporting herself on her arms over him. He took the initiative to brace his legs and thrust into her hard and fast. Allison moaned from the frictionless stretching of her ass as he pistoned in and out of her. She leaned down and kissed him hard as she allowed him to continue fucking her.

Allison sat back up and rode him again, watching him moan while he watched his cock disappear into her ass. His eyes rolled back into his head and he turned his head to the side, but there wouldn't be any of that. She curled her lip and grabbed his face, turning it back towards her.

"You're going to watch," she growled, and slapped him across the face.

He groaned. "I don't want to cum yet, please."

"Are you close?" she asked as she bounced on him again, her tits in his face.

Justin nodded and Allison reached back and massaged his balls. "I want you to cum," she ordered. "Cum in my ass, baby."

He moaned loud and thrust back up to meet her hips. Allison moaned and massaged her own breast above him. She leaned forward and let him take them into his mouth, pumping her ass full of cock. Justin fucked her as hard as he could, gripping the bars of the headboard. She moaned loud and played with her clit, bucking on his meat.

"Please," he whimpered to her, "please untie me. I can't cum like this!"

Allison wouldn't stop fucking him. He was so close, too close, but he didn't want to cum yet! "Why not?" she demanded.

"I don't know," he whined, twisting beneath her. "Please, I need my hands to cum! Please!" He pulled relentlessly at the scarf until Allison was worried he'd bend or break the bars.

"Alright, alright," she cooed. She stopped raping him to lean forward and work at her knots, which were a little too good.

Justin whimpered beneath her, hoping she'd get him out fast. He pleaded with his eyes but she wasn't looking at him. She noticed him bite his lip and a look of desperation on his face and pulled harder at the knots. Finally one hand was free, then the other. "Fuck me doggy," she instructed.

He got up off the bed and positioned himself behind her, lining his cock up with her ass. He pushed in, meeting no resistance as her tight ring of muscle was already stretched to accommodate him. Allison cried out as he entered her, bracing herself on her knees and forearms. Justin fucked her hard, pulling every moan from her lips that he could. He reached down and grabbed a fistful of hair, pulling her head back and opening her throat so she moaned louder as he fucked her. He pushed her face down into the bed then, muffling her.

He wanted more, needed more from her, and reached between her legs to play with her clit. The sudden onset of more stimulation made her scream his name at the wall in front of her. He pushed his fingers further down and fingered her a little, driving her wild.

"I want to shove your dildo in your pussy," he said desperately.

"I don't have one," she moaned into the bed.

"Something, anything to shove in your pussy, please." He continued pumping into her ass but saw nothing to use. He'd just have to make her cum using only his cock. She cried out when he spanked her ass, tightening the muscles around his cock. Justin fucked her hard until Allison stopped him and dragged him into the bathroom.

She took the full length mirror off the door and brought it in with them, propping it up against the wall before pulling Justin to her and making out with him. He lifted her easily onto the bathroom counter, spreading her legs around him. Allison braced herself as he entered her again, pushing into her pussy this time.

They moaned in unison. Allison's pussy was so tight from having gone weeks without sex, and Justin's cock was nice and thick and stretched her perfectly. Justin thrust into her in a steady rhythm as she leaned back against the mirror and moaned his name. He pulled out until just the head was still inside her, making Allison sit up and whimper, wanting him back inside. Slowly he worked his way back in, pushing in a little, pulling out a little, and then pushing in again, and so on. When he was all the way back inside her pussy she moaned loud and kissed him, only to whine again as he pulled nearly all the way out. They both watched the connecting point as Justin pressed in slowly, Allison clutching at his arms. He suddenly slammed into her pussy making her scream and grip the counter hard. Justin pulled all the way out again and she whimpered again.

"I want that fucking pussy," he growled, dropping to his knees and burying his face between her wet folds. He sucked her clit hard and licked all the way up her slit, pressing in just a little, teasing her.

Allison ran her fingers through his hair as he made her moan and squirm on the counter. Her moans intensified as he began to tongue fuck her, thrusting in and out of her soaked pussy. He pulled away for a moment but Allison was too far in and pushed his head back against her cunt.

"I'm gonna cum, please..." she moaned, holding his face against her pussy so he couldn't stop.

Justin sucked and licked harder, faster, bringing her swiftly to her climax.

Allison screamed, her legs and hips shaking as much as she would allow. Her head fell back as she vocalized her orgasm, subconsciously lifting her hips off the counter and harder against Justin's face. He kept eating her out hard and fast, drawing her orgasm out as much as he could. As she started to come down and relax, she noticed she was slipping off the counter.

"I'm slipping, I'm slipping," she breathed. "I'm gonna fall..." she managed to say before she slipped off the counter, Justin catching her thighs on his shoulders and softening his affections on her pussy. Allison sighed as he sucked her clit softly and let her down to catch her breath.

He embraced her then, kissing her softly.

"I like it when you taste like me," she said with a giggle, making him smile.

He turned her around and she bent over the counter, pushing her ass out towards him. Justin pushed into her lubed ass again and started fucking her hard as she held onto the counter. He grabbed her hair, turning her head towards the mirror they'd brought in.

"Watch me fuck you," he commanded.

Allison watched his hands on her hips while he pulled her backwards to meet his thrusts. It was like a porno, but it was them, and she could feel everything that was going on in the mirror. She moaned Justin's name and he spanked her hard, making her scream. At one point, Justin leaned forward and cupped her swinging breasts in his hands, massaging them with his cock fully inside of her. But she was too sensitive after her last orgasm.

"Please," she said, putting her hand on his hips and pressing gently. "It's too much, please."

Justin pulled out and she turned to him, saying "Let's get you cleaned up, shall we?"

Allison turned the shower on, pushing him in. She washed his cock, balls, and ass, stroking each softly as he let his head fall back against the tile wall and moan. Once his cock and balls were washed off, however, Allison brought her new dominant side back and made him bend over, ass towards the water. It was then that she slid her hand between his ass cheeks, getting rid of the soap but at the same time caressing his tight hole. As she rubbed it, Allison reached around Justin's hip and started stroking his cock, keeping him hard. Justin closed his eyes and rested his head and forearms against the wall until she turned him around, getting on her knees. 

He moaned as he watched her take his cock into her mouth and stroke it, covering his whole length as she pumped. She stroked him with her tongue, swirling it around the head of his dick as it pulsed. Justin moaned again, his hands gently in her hair. His legs were giving out from the feeling, and he had to brace himself against the walls of the shower. Allison looked up at him once before pushing hard at his cock, gagging herself on it the way he fantasized. Justin cried out as she held herself there until she pulled back to breathe.

"Fuck, that feels so good," he moaned, still watching her play with his cock. He could feel his first orgasm swelling in his balls even before she took them both in her mouth and sucked, caressing them with her soft tongue.

Allison pressed Justin's leg gently, signaling for him to lift it. He placed it on the top of the tub, giving her access to his ass again. Gently she rubbed his anus as she stroked his cock and sucked on his balls. Justin threw his head back as he moaned, overwhelmed by the combination of sensations. She pressed, inserting half of her finger as he gripped at the wall and cried out. She pressed and retracted with one hand, stroked his cock with the other, and sucked and licked his balls. He was quickly reaching his peak and prayed she wouldn't tease him again.

"Leave it in, just like that," he moaned.

She stroked and sucked his cock, alternating between sucking and licking his balls as well. As he got close, Justin looked down at her, his eyes glazed with his impending orgasm.

"When I cum, will you deep throat me? Please?" he pleaded.

Allison nodded and pushed his cock down her throat to prove her promise would be kept. She pumped his cock in and out of her mouth sucking hard as Justin's moans got louder and louder.

Justin groaned loud. "I'm gonna cum, keep it just like that, I'm gonna cum!"

His legs tensed beside her and his ass tightened around her finger. As he shouted that he was cumming, Allison shoved his dick as far down her throat as she could, gagging as his cum filled her mouth so fast she couldn't swallow it all and it dribbled out her mouth and onto her breasts. She sucked him as his cock became sensitive and his orgasm ebbed. Slowly she pulled her finger out and helped support his weight until he caught his breath.

"How'd that feel baby?" she asked.

Between heavy breaths, Justin answered, "That was amazing."

Allison cleaned herself off and turned the shower off and Justin got out. She took the only towel and began to dry herself and her hair.

"Do I get a towel?" Justin joked.

"Nah," she answered, stepping out of the shower in front of him. "Maybe I want to lick you dry." Allison licked his neck in one long, slow, stroke, up to his earlobe, gently sucking on it. While his eyes were still closed, she licked his shoulder, chest, and up his neck, drawing sighs from him before making out with him again. Covering herself with her towel, she led the way back to the bedroom with a naked boy in tow. "Lay down," she instructed, and Justin lay back down in the bed. She climbed on top of him, kissing him deeply and pressing her body against his.

Allison kissed her way down his body to his now soft cock. She took his smaller length into her mouth so her nose was pressed against his stomach, making Justin moan and arch his back as he ran his fingers through her hair. Gently she sucked him, coaxing his erection slowly back out. After every swallow she felt him grow further to the back of her throat and he moaned louder and louder.

Finally Justin was back to his full length and she straddled him, sheathing his cock in her pussy. Even after the earlier fuck, Allison was still tight around him and she moaned.

Leaning down to kiss him, she said, "Oh my god Justin, your cock is so big, I love the way you stretch me." He pushed his tongue into her mouth and ground his hips up against hers.

Sitting back up, Allison began to ride him hard and fast, her tits bouncing for him to watch. She placed his hands on her hips and he started to pull her down harder onto his cock, slamming all the way into her. Her pussy felt incredible around his cock and he'd made her super wet which made fucking her that much easier. She leaned forward, supporting herself over him again. Justin pulled her down so her face was in the crook of his neck and used the new angle to drive his dick hard and fast into her cunt. Allison moaned into his neck, bracing herself against him and the headboard so he could slam into her harder. All of a sudden she felt her orgasm rise out of nowhere, racing up with Justin's hard thrusts.

"Oh my god, I'm gonna...I'm gonna cum!" she cried out into his shoulder before she bit him.

With a scream she came, her legs tightening around Justin's hips and her pussy gripping his cock as he didn't slow down one bit. He tore the orgasm out of her as she screamed into the bed, shaking in his arms. Wave after wave of sensation rocked her body until she began to wind down. Justin would have none of it, however.

"Fuck no, whore, you're not done," he said, giving her ass a hard smack, and then another, not allowing her to come down from her high and succeeding in extending it, keeping her shaking and saturating his cock with her juices. As she calmed down a second time, he sped up his thrusts and smacked her ass three more times, getting a cry out of each whack.

"You fucking keep cumming, fuck toy!" he yelled at her.

At this point Allison was screaming in ecstasy, her orgasm refusing to wind down now. She writhed in his arms when he pushed her back into sitting on him. He thrust upwards into her cunt until she was out of breath with her hair in her face. Justin caressed her breasts and she bit her lip with a soft sigh. She caught her breath and kissed him gently, feeling his hands run over her skin. She sighed against his mouth and lifted her hips so his cock slid out of her. With a groan she sat back between his legs and stroked his cock and balls, making him groan in response.

Allison giggled and stopped playing with him, biting her lip as she checked him out sprawled on her bed. She took her breast in her hand and massaged it, moaning as she tweaked the nipple. Justin's cock throbbed when she started fingering herself.

"Play with me, whore," he said without moving from his place.

She stayed where she was, gently playing with herself.

"Get over here or I'm going to rape you," Justin growled.

Allison rolled her eyes and crawled back onto him. She kissed him deeply as his hands roamed her body. He caressed the globes of her ass and pulled him against his body. Justin held her tight enough for her to struggle a bit. She whined against his lips. He gripped her ass hard and shoved his cock back into her pussy. Allison cried out and arched her back, bracing herself against the headboard. Justin pulled out almost all the way before slamming back into her. She screamed with every thrust and only got louder when Justin bent her head back by her hair. He pushed her off his body and stood beside the bed. With rough movements he repositioned her body with her legs on either side of him. Justin lifted her legs and lined his cock up to continue.

With her feet up on his shoulders he thrust into her again, setting off a hundred mini orgasms. She pushed at his chest, trying to get him off of her, but was helpless once he pinned her wrists to the bed with his body weight. Struggling against him was futile but Allison kept it up, half moaning, half crying out with every thrust.

"Shut the fuck up," Justin said, throwing a pillow over her face and muffling her cries.