 Amy cut through the blue water of her parent's pool with the precision of a knife. Left stroke, kick, right stroke, kick...she made her way across the length of the bean-shaped pool. She enjoyed this free-time; once she went away to college in the fall, she'd have very little time for swimming. She'd miss the warm sun tanning her skin, and the exercise that kept her limbs long and lean. 

As she flipped in the water to commence another lap, she began doing butterfly strokes. As her head bobbed up from under the surface, she thought she heard the doorbell ring.  

One of Mike's damn friends looking for his oafish ass, she thought as she moved in and out of the water. Her older brother was home from college for the summer, and on the rare occasions he actually stayed at the house, it was filled with his stinking, loud, obnoxious friends.

I'm not answering that, she thought as she flipped under the water again, hearing the chimes reverberate off the pool tiles.

The door bell only continued, this time more rapidly.

Amy swam to the shallow end of the pool and stood up. "Fuck!" she yelled, grabbing a towel from the chaise and wrapping it loosely around her hips. Thundering through the house, her temper flaring, she reached the front door and flung it open.

"Yes?" she spat, without really seeing who was at the door.

"Oh, uh, hey Amy. Is Mike around?" It was James, Mike's best friend since elementary school. The only one of Mike's friends she could actually tolerate. Or, more accurately, the one she'd lusted after since she was old enough to realize that boy's didn't have cooties.

Amy's face flushed, realizing that she was standing in front of him in her white bikini, which had a nasty habit of becoming sheer when wet. She only wore it when she was certain no one else was around. Her hands flew to her waist and hiked the towel above her breasts.

"Hi James," she smiled at him. "Mike's not here. I think he's working, and I have no idea when he'll be back."

"Oh. He was supposed to be home by now. We were gonna play ball," he looked down at the basketball he rested on his hip.

"I'm sorry, you know he's always been bad at being on time. I'm sure he'll be here soon though." She thought for a second. "Why don't you come in and wait? It's stupid for you to leave and come back once he gets here."

His brown eyes settled on her green and he smiled. "Sure, why not." She opened the door wide and stepped aside to let him in. She did it both to accommodate his size and to sneek a glance at him. At 6'4 and about 250 lbs, he had to duck to get in the front door. He had always been tall, but after two years playing football for a Division 1 school, he had gotten considerably bigger, his coffee colored skin was stretched over pronounced muscles in his biceps, shoulders and chest. Amy noticed that when his sleeveless shirt brushed against his stomach as he moved, there was definitely the ripple of a six pack underneath.

"So, were you out swimming?" James asked, brushing past her. "I didn't mean to disturb you or nothin'."

"Yeah, but it's not a big deal," she said, shutting the door behind him. 

"I'll come out and sit with you while you finish, if you want."

She was unsure. If he went out to the pool with her, he'd see how sheer her suit was. Then again, it would be stupid to have him just sitting in the house by himself. She shook her head and smiled. "Sure, come on." It's not like seeing me in a two-piece will have any effect on him anyway, she thought. He probably thinks of me like his little sister.

How wrong she was. When she opened the door, before hiking her towel up, he got a hell of an eyeful. He hadn't really paid attention to her, hadn't noticed how she'd grown and filled out...in the best places. He figured she stood about 5'6 now, with toned and tanned arms and legs, probably from all the swimming. Her long brown hair was plastered to her freckled face, and her green eyes twinkled. Being the guy that he was, he noticed that her breasts had filled out into a c cup at the very least, and he could definitely see the dark points of her nipples through the wet fabric of her top.

He followed her out to the deck, watching her hips sway as she walked. Pulling the door open, her towel fell to the floor, giving him a great view of her round ass. He smiled at the view.

Deciding she'd had enough of fighting with the towel, she draped it back on the chaise and dove in the deep end. James watched as she swam up to the surface for air, then started doing laps again.

"Is this how you stay fit like that?" he asked, bouncing the basketball between his legs. 

She swam over and leaned into the edge of the pool. "I guess," she said, blushing at the compliment.

He liked it. Most of the girls he knew were so brazen, so easy, but Amy seemed to be totally unaware of her sexuality. It turned him on, thinking that he could bring it out of her.

His phone rang, jarring him from his thoughts, and he answered, spoke briefly and snapped it shut. "Asshole," he muttered.

"What's wrong?" Amy asked him.

"That was your brother. He's going to some chick's house and isn't coming home. Guess we're not playing ball after all," he said, tossing the ball across the patio.

"Ooh...sorry," she wasn't sure what else to say. It wasn't the first time her brother had blown off James for some random girl. "You don't have to go, do you?" she asked, immediately embarrassed for asking.

He looked at her for a minute, then smiled. "I think I'll join you in that pool, if that's alright.'

Amy's face flushed. Was he checking her out? She couldn't tell. "Sure. You'll have to borrow Mike's trunks. They're in the dryer."

"Nah, it's cool," he said, standing up. I'll just swim in my shorts." He unlaced his sneakers and kicked them off, before pulling his shirt over his head. Amy's eyes went wide. 

He was perfect, she thought, right down to that sexy "V" that connected his torso to his legs, and the trail of dark hair that started just under his navel and dipped below the waistband of his shorts.

He dove in and swam over to her, coming up just in front of her. "Where are your parents?" he asked.

"Well, they're away this weekend," she said, trying not to be to obvious about ogling him.

"Really?" A smile played on his lips and he moved closer to her. "So you're here all by yourself, huh? I'd be having a fucking party if it was me," he said, standing up and looking down at her, getting a great view down the front of her bikini top.

She felt herself getting hot from the closeness of his body. "Well last time I did that, I got in a lot of trouble," she said. "Smaller parties are better anyway," she added, with a giggle.

He nodded. "Sure are. So let's start our little party. Do you have any alcohol in the house?"

"Yeah, my dad's liquor cabinet in the living room."

He knew exactly where it was. Many a high school party had been fueled by Mike's and Amy's parent's fully stocked liquor cabinet. He hopped out of the pool and returned moments later with a bottle of vodka and two shot glasses. He set them on the ledge of the pool and hopped back in.

"Can you take a shot?" he asked her. "I know you girls can't really hang when it comes to drinking," he teased.

She shoved him, and kept her hand on his bicep a bit longer than she meant to. "Yes, I can drink. Pour the shot!" she commanded. 

He handed her a shot and held up his own. "To small parties," he said, before pounding the shot.

Amy laughed. "Cheers!" she replied, downing hers as well. It felt warm going down her throat.

James shook his head and poured two more. "Okay, your turn to toast."

Amy held up her glass and said, "To being the only one of Mike's friends who isn't an ass!"

"Okay, I'll take that," he laughed, and downed the vodka.

"Your turn," Amy said, pouring two more shots. "Toast."

"Hmmm," he said, thinking. "To that bathing suit of yours, which you are wearing the hell out of."

Amy smiled. "Thank you," she said, and downed the shot.

"You're very welcome," he replied after downing his. "I never noticed how good Mike's baby sister looked," he said, taking the shot glass out of her hands and setting it on the ledge with his. 

Flattered by the attention, and feeling a little bold from the alcohol, she said, "I never noticed how good Mike's best friend looked either."

James smiled and moved closer to Amy. He draped his arms around her waist and hooked them just above her ass. "What you like about me?"

"I like your eyes. I like your lips. And your body is so incredible," she said, putting her hands on his chest, running her hands over it. She looked up at him. "I have a little crush on you," she giggled, feeling slightly tipsy.

"You know what? I got a crush on you too, Amy." "Oh really?" she said. "Even with all the girls at school laying each other out over you?"

He nodded.

"Well, what do you like about me?" she asked.

"Let's see," he said. "First, I like your green eyes. And I like your soft skin," he said, running his fingers along her arms and up to her collar. "I like your neck and shoulders," he added, kissing her lightly in the crux of her neck and shoulder. "And I love, love, love that body," he said, moving his hands to her breasts.

Amy couldn't help it. The cold water on her breasts and his soft hands rubbing them made her moan softly. It turned James on to no end, and his dick sprang to life. He kissed her softly on the lips, parting them with his tongue. He tasted the faint hint of her lip gloss.

Amy put her hands on his chest and moved them down, over the muscles in his abs. "Oh, James," she purred, as he kissed along her neck, down her cleavage. His hands moved up her spine, and untied the string of her top. He let the strings fall to the sides and squeezed her breasts together, lightly kissing the tops.

"Do you like that?" he asked, kissing her cleavage. She whimpered and nodded her reply. His fingers slid under the top now hanging limply from her neck, and flicked at her hardened nipples. "How about that?" he asked her. She leaned her head back and moaned. "Then you'll love this, baby," he said, before untieing the string around her neck, her top falling into the water. He licked his lips and leaned into pop her left nipple into his mouth.

Amy gasped. His mouth felt amazing, warm and hot on her hardened buds. He pulled her closer to him and she gripped his arms for support. He moved from her left nipple to her right, teasing each one with his tongue. "Oh, God that feels so good," she whispered in his ear, nipping at his lobe with her teeth. She could feel his cock hardening as she ground herself up against him.

He moved her over to the edge of the pool and sat her on the edge. His hands moved down to her sides and untied the strings holding her bottoms to her waist. When he started to pull them away, Amy stopped him.

"Oh please?" he asked her, sliding a finger in her wet slit. "I just want to lick it. Please? I wanna taste it." He kissed her along her neck, and she complied, lifting her ass to let him pull the bottoms off.

He kneeled in the water, hitting him at the chest, and spread her legs wide. He dove in, tapping at her clit with his tongue. The sensation made Amy jump.

"You like that?" he asked, between licks. She moaned her approval and grabbed at the back of his head. James smiled and continued swirling his tongue around her clit, darting it in and out of her. He reached up and rubbed her breasts, tweaking her nipples.

Amy's whole body was on fire. She wasn't a virgin by any means, but the last boy she'd had sex with hadn't touched her like this, hadn't made her feel like this.

She put her legs over his shoulders as he started sucking on her clit. She felt her juices coat her walls as he ate her out, and her legs shook hard as an orgasm took over her body. She moaned loudly, her cries echoing across the backyard.

James wiped his mouth and kissed her on the lips. He pulled his shorts down past his ass, exposing his thick cock. "Do you want this?" he asked her, kissing her neck.

"Yes," she whispered. He reached over to the backpack he'd been carrying and pulled out a gold-foiled condom. After putting it on, he spread her legs wide again and started sliding inside her.

"Fuck," he grunted, feeling how tight she was as he pushed further into her. He slid out, then back further in, as he felt her opening up for him. She felt her pussy twitch, feeling another orgasm coming on from the pressure of his cock inside her.

"Do you want him fast or slow?" he asked, once he felt the head of his cock hit the back of her womb. 

"Go slow," she pleaded. "Don't hurt me."

He nodded and buried his face in her neck as he moved in and out of her. She wrapped her legs tight around his waist and dug her fingers into his back.

"Ohh yes, James," she moaned. Encouraged by her cries, he started moving faster, in and out of her now dripping pussy. He pulled her back into the water and grabbed her around the waist, moving her up and down on his shaft. Wrapping one hand under her ass to hold her up, he rubbed her breasts roughly with his other hand.

He pushed her up against the pool wall and moved harder and faster. Amy gripped the rim of the pool for balance as he thrust in and out of her. The lip of the pool dug into her back, but the pain was minor compared to the pleasure James was giving her. He slid his hand from her breast to her clit and rubbed as his shaft slid in and out of her.

Amy pushed against the pool wall, arching her back as James leaned down and flicked at her hardened nipple with his tongue.  She felt her pussy start to quiver.

"James I'm gonna cum!" she gasped.

He grunted his approval and ground her hard down on his dick, her walls squeezing him tight as he came with her. She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around his neck, digging her nails into his back.

He held her tight as her pussy twitched on his cock. Her body was trembling and covered in goosebumps. He kissed her lightly on the shoulder.

"Did you like that?" he whispered to her, nibbling on her ear.

"God yes," she murmured.

He kissed her softly on her lips. He loved how his body enveloped her small frame. Amy unwrapped her legs from his waist and kissed down his neck to his chest. Her nails trailed through the light dusting of his chest hair.

"Come over tonight," he said, nuzzling her ear. "I want you in my bed."

Amy looked at him, hesitating to answer. He was definitely good at what he did, and of course, she had enjoyed it, but she didn't want to be thought of as another fast assed girl he could bed whenever he wanted.

"Come on," he persisted. He pulled her close and started kissing down her neck. He smiled at down at her and kissed her lips, parting them with his mouth.

She smiled up at him. "Sure," she replied. "I still need to return the favor from today..."