 They met after spending many hours chatting online. The affair was brisk and very discreet. And they had agreed to meet in a nearby city and he set them up at a local hotel. After a dinner of quiet anticipation they went back to the hotel where he could give Kami what she truly desired...

After he kissed her, he stared into her gorgeous hypnotizing eyes getting more excited with the anticipation. He had shallow hot breaths as he kissed and nibbled on Kami's neck & earlobes. Warm tender caresses on her cheek with the back of his hands, as he kissed her beautiful and tender ruby lips, & nuzzled the sides of her sensuous neck. Lightly & tenderly, he caressed and fondled her beautiful breasts, as he kissed his way slowly down her to her shoulders. 

He turned Kami in his arms to kiss across her shoulders, down her back, careful to not miss a spot. He paid particular attention to her tattoo. Slowly he kissed and licked around her tattoo telling her how sexy he thought it was. His Hands stroked Kami's sides & waist, as she slowly started to lower her arms down the hotel room bed. With her feet still on the floor and her gorgeous ass sticking out and begging for attention, he started kissing down her back & licking ever so softly up & down her sexy the small of her back and lower spine. 

Gently caressing her silky thighs with his hands he slowly kissed and licked until his face was over her silky, lace panty covered ass. He continued to kneel behind Kami and then kissed down her thighs slowly, feeling the silky skin across his lips, tongue and hands. He kissed his way down to the bottom of her feet lifted one leg back his tongue tip, sucking on her toes. One by one he worshipped her body her the way she deserved to be worshipped. He was completely wrapped up in giving Kami the ecstasy that she deserved and he loved pleasing her. 

He dragged a pillow down from the top of the mattress, and laid it under Kami's arms so she could rest her chin and enjoy. He Slowly worked his way up again kissing up Kami's ankles, backs of her calves & thighs. They were both caught up in the passion of the moment and had no regrets. He kissed his way up Kami's warm, naked, exposed legs to the back of her lacey panties. He slowly licked inch by slow inch tracing an outline of your hips around the edges of her lace panties with his tongue. Listening to her soft little purrs & moans of compliance. He was hypnotized smelling her musk as his excitement built. 

He was stroking Kami's inner thighs and raised his hand to her pussy to verify the wetness building. He continued to kiss along the leg openings, peeling them back slowly & gently to form a g-string. He kissed and fondled every centimeter of the way. His firm but gentle hands fondle the globes of Kami's bottom as he inched up her back & licked down Kami's waistband gripping it in his teeth he slowly slid her panties from her hips, as she raised her hips with a small moan, allowing them to slip free.

As he pulled her panties down he kissed her thighs and calves intermittently, as he dragged them to the floor. He looked up at her and knew they had made the right choice in meeting. He removed his shirt; he gave her exposed pussy and soft kiss and lick and then stood up. Standing over Kami, he caressed her smoldering back and then bent and kissed her brazier strap as he fondled Kami's warm shoulders & neck. He unsnapped the clasps one by one. Kami raised herself to her arms through as he grasped Kami's hair & gently tilted her head back to kiss his forehead, cheeks, & lips. He tasted Kami's tongue as her breasts finally struggled free from her bra. 

She wanted to get up and turn to me but under my weight, I lowered Kami's head back to her folded arms on the pillow, he kissed her exposed neck, shoulders, and sexy her lower back. He kneeled down and positioned himself between Kami's wide open legs. Ever so gently, he kneeled down from the top of her ass, tracing around and down the crease that separates them, fondling the globes, rolling them in his palms, slightly spreading & closing them as he moved down inch by slow inch, nibbling Kami's bottom, as she moaned and sighed. She made little, nervy jumps as he licked deeper & lower, rolling his palms until he reached the first of her forbidden pleasures. Gently tickling a circle around its perimeter, Kami was breathing intensely as he slowly decreased the diameter of the circle and then he pressed just the tip inwards of her anus, bringing a shallow, quiet gasp from her lips. Kami wiggled with excitement as he pressed very tip of his tongue just before continuing the circling again. He repeated this several times, each a little bit more than last. She squirmed and moaned, telling him that her mind and body had surrendered him. 

He smiled and gently swirled his tongue much lower, to the lower reaches of Kami's other sacred treasure, lapping her wetness and drawing back between her thighs and back up. His tongued danced the tip between the two, taunting & teasing Kami. She struggled to roll, but he gently placed his hand on her back and she yielded, gripping the pillow tight to her pretty face. She then arched her hips upward, as he pressed down again gently. He worked lower still, now tracing circles around her velvety, soft, lips. From top to bottom, he just dragged his tongue on slowly, occasionally dragging the tip down the center as Kami moaned deeply into the pillow.

As he turned and laid on his back on the carpet, he slowly slipped beneath Kami, hugging Her hips. He lowered her onto his face. Supplying support and again with his tongue he started decreasing a circle little by as he reached his target. Gingerly he started applying more and more pressure as his tongue ran deeper and deeper into her wet, slick, and juicy treasure. He Ran his tongue further & further inside of Kami with each pass, until it was fully inside. He rolled and swirled his tongue before continuing as she shuddered and bucked with passion. She started crying out into the pillow wanting to orgasm, but he held Kami down tightly in place, running his tongue up and down, he did figure 8's on her clit, until she finally relaxed and collapsed on him again. He resumed as before, then as Kami once again become tense from impending orgasm, she fought to slide down. 

As he held her hips firmly, she struggled less and her breathing got shallow, she panted, he heard muffled little "please" from the pillow and he decided who could say no to a woman so wanting to cum. He let her off his face and she slipped up the bed as he stood. He looked down at his chest and saw the wetness she had left on him. Kami left a warm, wet, pleasant trail to his waist. He smiled and looked up at this beautiful woman on the bed before him. He look into her glazed eyes and saw the fires of desire, burning with a passion from her face. He approached the bed, knealed and clasped her cheeks with his hands and drew Kami to him. He kissed her deeply and passionately and he felt her hot, smoldering hips adjusting around him. He grasped Kami's hips, and rolled them over. With a laugh, he rolled Kami back on the mattress, kissing her face, sucking her breasts, stroking her sides, her waist grasped him, pleadingly, to stop prolonging what it is she desperately desired. 

First he wanted to give her a little relief from the desire inside of her. He massaged his hand over her clit slowly. He reached down into her wetness to lubricate her even more as he continued to caress her treasure. He was kissing her slowly and then the worked his way down to her neck. He sucked, bit, and licked her neck as he continued to bring her to orgasm with his hand. Kami was moaning with passion and after a few minutes she tensed up and raised her feet of the bed. As her tows curled she screamed out in orgasm. He kissed her on the mouth deeply as her orgasm continued. The bed was a mess; they were both covered in a passion covered sweat. 

After a few seconds of letting Kami catch her composure, he got up on his knees on the mattress and he grasped Kami's hips, and positioned himself between her thighs. He grabbed both of her feet and spread her legs and lowered himself to give her sweetness one more little kiss. He then spread her legs wide and pushed her knees towards her breasts and her spread her open. He took his penis, which badly needed release and he slowly inched into Kami's dampness, causing a great moan as anticipation overwhelmed her. He held this position a prolonged time, bending over to kiss her, and then as he felt her stop struggling to get him to move in and out of her. He slid forward until he felt groin on groin, flesh against hot, sweaty flesh. Grasping her butt and pressing Kami to him, as she gasped, moaned, and buried her face into his waiting chest. 

She moved her head and bit on his shoulder to stifle her sobs of pleasure and release as she climaxed again... He began to move inside of her, slowly at first, then faster, longer, harder, till they were matching thrusts at train wreck speed, crashing & rebounding, flesh pounding on flesh, slapping sounds as his waist crashes to Kami's thighs. Her moaning became frantic and he knew both their times were near. He tightly grasped her hips, and she held herself too him, and kept bringing his penis into her pussy. 

He was met with much protest as quickly withdrew his penis and rolled Kami to her tummy, he slipped one arm bellow her waist, lifted her up and ever so not gently, he entered Kami from behind. She emitted a loud gasp, accompanying frantic slapping sounds, moans, & sighs. He groped her dangling breasts, firmly but not painfully, as he pulled himself deeper and deeper into her. Harder and faster his balls pounded on Kami's clit with each stroke. Her torso bucked and rose as he tried to hold her. He kissed her neck, his arms around hers, pulling, longing, Kami was at wits end now. Savage, animal instincts taking over as Kami began a frenzied pace.

She no longer contained her moans of pleasure and she released screams of lust. He suddenly removed himself, dropped down, and inserted his tongue deeply into her sweaty and love juiced soaked asshole. She moaned as he set two fingers into her moist, throbbing cavern and he wildly manipulated his thumb on Kami's ever swollen clit. At first she protested, but gave way fast too this new impulse as the fire quickly rekindled. She grasped his hair, pulled him up and with one short, but quiet word, say "now". He repositioned himself behind her and pressed slowly on her opening, listening to her breathing, feeling her body language, wanting only to please Kami in every way possible. 

At first, it's a fast anxious breath, tensed muscles, anticipating the pressure she knew would soon come. Then, a calm gave way, and slower breathing, a melting effect as her body slowly impaled itself, gently, steadily. Kami's moans came slow and shallow. She came to him, as he entered her. There was a gentle, slower, orchestration of their bodies in motion. Little by little, inch-by-inch, until she sighed a deep sigh. He was fully inside her, and her body was still relaxing. Kami's fire was rebuilding slowly again, this hot and cool, hot and cool took its toll on her ass. He built rapidly this time, pace quickening, breathing fast, he moved now, cautiously watching her body. Rhythmically, they grew in fire and pace. 

And then, again animal lust overcame both of them. Pleasure gave way to any notion of pain, as Kami moved furiously to and fro. He grasped her breasts and pushed and pulled, harder and harder, with no sign of displeasure in her. With a loud scream, Kami went over the top, and he felt every muscle in her body spasm, as she furiously pounded against his cock. This in turn was more than he could take, and with a grunt and moan, he began to spill his seed deep within Kami. This drove her on, her trembling body milking him of more than he could ever have managed. They grunted and moaned in unison, pounding,trembling, gasping, until finally they collapsed and he pulled out of her ass. 

They laid side by side. Kami, firmly in his arms, was panting, all aglow, with her blonde hair in his face. The smell of her perfume mingled with the musk of sex in the room. Kami's body stilled trembled, as he stroked her tattoo, and kissed her sexy lips. They embraced in a fell off to sleep for a few hours. Later they awoke, showered, and shared each others bodies again in a truly amazing fashion.