 I never really thought of him in a sexual way at all. In fact, I thought of him asexually. But that would all change in one night.

It was the night of Kaitlyn’s 18th birthday, and my friends and I decided we should go to Canada and get her smashed. I was up for anything that got me away from campus for a while, especially if it involved drinking.

There were just five of us, and, of course, he was there. Nothing of interest happened until we were in Canada, and we had found a bar. Amazingly enough, it was ladies night at said bar, and that meant free drinks for 3 out of the 5 of us. I drank way too much, but the guys were really good to me, and we truly bonded. I think it was due to the fact that I love to check out women, and the guys and I were having similar reactions to watching the beautiful lusty things undulating before our very eyes.

Many drinks later, at around 1:00 in the morning, we stumbled out of the bar to head back to the States. When we arrived at the car, I announced that I didn’t want to sit in the middle of the back seat, so he volunteered to switch seats with me. As it turns out, I am an extremely horny drunk. 

As we started to drive, I leaned my head against his chest, and began to run my hand up and down over his shirt. Simply touching him had me amazingly aroused, but I needed more. I slid my hand under his shirt, and began stroking his chest. I don’t know how he felt about it, but my heart was beating hard in my chest, and I could feel wetness spreading between my thighs. 

I wanted him so badly. But I had to be careful, there was a carload of people, and I wanted to keep a low profile. Fortunately, the other girl in the back was being dropped off before everyone else. I knew that once she was gone, I could be more bold. With the added room in the back, he moved to the other side of the seat, and I laid my head in his lap. I began to stroke his cock through his jeans. But, of course that was not good enough. 

I unbuckled his belt and soon had the fly of his jeans opened. I slipped my hand into his pant and began to stroke his cock. All I wanted was to have him in my mouth, but I knew I would have to wait.

We dropped Kaitlyn off at her room, and instead of going back to my place I went home with the guys. Unfortunately, he sat in the front seat on the way there, so I couldn’t do anything until we got to their place. As soon as we got there, he led me into his room. Neither of us spoke. He sat down, and I dropped to my knees in front of him. 

I slowly removed his pants and underwear. I stared for a moment at his rock hard cock, then I lowered my head and took him into my mouth. He moaned softly, and placed his hand on the back of my head. I ran my tongue up and down his shaft, tasting every inch of him. I savored him, as I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock. He felt so good in my mouth, tasted so perfect. I could have spent the entire night sucking his perfect cock. 

To my surprise, he stopped me. I looked up at him, wondering what I had done wrong. He smiled and stood up. He then took my hand and led me to the bed. I stood there, next to his bed, looking at him, waiting to see what he was going to do. He pushed me down on it, and got on top of me. In one swift motion, he had torn my shirt open, sending buttons flying across the room. He lowered his head to my exposed breasts and began sucking and biting my nipples. I moaned. His tongue felt amazing, and as he exhaled over my saliva-moistened breast, I shivered. 

He let his hand travel down to the waist of my pant. As he undid the button and unzipped my jeans, he began to kiss me deeply. Then his hand was inside my pants. He slid his hand over my moist pussy, and then he plunged his fingers inside me. I moaned into his mouth. His fingers moved faster inside me. I wanted to scream it felt so good. He stroked my clit with his thumb as his fingers slid in and out of my greedy hole. He could have made me cum just by fingering me. 

But he stopped and removed my pants, then, spreading my legs wide, he planted his cock deep inside me. I almost cried out but before I could he had his hand in my mouth. It was slick from my own juices, and I savored the flavor of myself. His cock felt amazing as he slid in and out of my pussy. He kissed me, tasting the juices on my lips, and fucked me harder. I could feel myself approaching climax. I moaned and writhed under him. I could tell he was close to cumming as well. He fucked me so hard I could have cried. It was pleasure and pain that I had never experienced. Suddenly, I was overcome by a wracking orgasm. I screamed his name over and over as wave after wave of sheer bliss tore though my body. As I screamed, he came deep inside me. We lay there panting for quite some time. Then he looked at me and whispered, “I think you’re going to have to come over more often.”