 Kara frowned as she tossed the journal aside – how could she read about the latest case studies on Ativan when all she wanted was a man? She'd been trying to distract herself from the empty bed for over an hour. Waiting impatiently for her man to get home. Screw it, she thought, I'll take care of it myself.

She ran her hand down her body to the inside of her thigh, wanting something pressed against her crotch, anything, something hard, soft, something to rub herself into. She sighed and rolled up to pull the bunched blankets against her mound. Masturbating for her had never entailed actually touching herself, it was just too messy, too technical really. It's not as though she'd never done it. She just enjoyed the rubbing more and orgasms had never been an issue. In fact, she was pretty sure she'd never cum with her fingers inside her.

Her body tensed as she imagined him behind her, running his hands up the back of legs, stopping to squeeze her ass. Kara loved having her ass explored, rubbed, smacked, kissed. She imagined his mouth as he peppered her cheeks with kisses, his hand running up her spine, pinning her to the bed, pressing her hard into the bunched blankets between her legs. She fidgeted, lifting her hips, her thighs tightening with want. Damn, his mouth and hands were everywhere.

"Got started without me, baby?" Startled, Kara looked to the doorway, immediately settling back into the rocking she'd been enjoying. "I couldn't stop thinking about you and this is usually the result," she said with a laugh. He walked towards the bed, tossing his jacket down and watching her excite herself for a moment.

Leaning over her, brining his hand down on her back and sliding it along her body, he said, "Tell me what we were doing." He pressed his lips against her neck as he sat down next to her on the bed, his hand coming to rest on her ass, "I want all the details."

She smiled, "you're on the right track. In fact, that is exactly where I was imagining your hands."

"Just my hands?" he asked as he brought both down to cup and squeeze her through her clothes. "God, you ass is so tight, I love watching it. Especially when you do this little rocking move."

"Well, in my fantasy, I was already naked."

"Sounds good to me," he said, sliding down next to her prone body, wrapping one leg over her thighs, gripping her ass check with one hand and the other pulling her head to him. Starting slowly, he lengthened each kiss until she was gasping and trying to turn her body into his, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. She could feel herself getting wetter by the second, she wondered wildly if she could come fully dressed like this, with his mouth on hers. 

"Where you imaging me inside you?" he said, pressing little kisses to the most sensitive spots on her neck. "Ah, God," she moaned.

"No, not yet," she said, breathless, "I was still enjoying your mouth on my butt – it felt so good." His mouth was on her collarbone, "oh, god, I think I am going to cum just like this," she said, pressing his head against her skin.

"Not yet, Kara," he said, with a final hard kiss on her lips. He was all action, flipping her back against the bed, pulling her arms over her head. Sliding his leg over he, he pressed little kisses to the back of her neck, muttering about her great ass and how he couldn't wait to be inside her as he grabbed and squeezed every part of her he could reach.

Suddenly intent, he raised up behind her, both hands under her, hips coming down on her hers from behind, his hands covering her breasts, asking, "why are you still wearing this?" He leaned over her shoulder, loving the view of her breasts as they filled her DD bra. 

"This is coming off now," he muttered into her neck as he pulled the low-cut tee up. He couldn't help himself, stopping to molest her nipples as the shirt caught on them. 

His dick was pressing in to the crevice of her buttocks and Kara was starting to buck, gently as first, then harder. He pressed her into the bed, raising her upper body as the shirt came off and his hands massaged her breasts, lifting them out of the bra to fill his hands. He couldn't resist swooping in to suckle her nipples making her buck faster.

He wasn't sure who loved her breasts more, they made him so hot but he knew she adored them. Hell, looking at other women's tits got her hotter than any Chip-n-Dale magazine. Kara' moans were getting louder and he smiled, knowing she was going to cum before he even made it inside her. 

Rocking his hips into hers from behind, he contemplated the way to get her off fastest. He wanted her to come and then slide into her, still wet and vibrating from her orgasm. Then she'd be cuming again. He grinned in anticipation, running his hands down her body, shoulders, sides, hip to thigh.

He slowed his rocking motion and felt her becoming restless. "Is this what you wanted?" he asked, pressing his dick against her with layers of clothes between them. 

"Please, yes, don't stop," she cried. 

Pulling her to her elbows, he came to rest completely on top of her, his legs bracketing hers, his arms coming up under her, pulling her face back alongside his. He whispered in her ear, "I want you to come for me, Kara," rocking into her as he kissed his way down her neck. 

"Tell me what you like." 

"This," she muttered, her body was already tensing. 

"Do you want to keep this bra on?" he said. "I want to see your tits. I love watching them bounce." 

"I love your hand on them, your eyes on them", she said, grabbing her own breast, caressing them. They were still supported but bouncing freely, she rubbed them against the sheets with each thrust forward, feeling the lust go straight to her clit.

He wanted them in his hands and he knew it would get her off faster if he got her naked. Quickly he undid her bra and grabbed her tits, resting his weight on his elbows and gripping them "oh," she said, burying her face in the pillow. Rocking on her clit and having his hands on her were pushing her over the edge.

He let go of her breasts to pull her head back up and towards him, holding her chin, he turned her to face him, finding her eyes unfocused and her mouth open in a pant, he kissed her passionately and then stopped all movement. Her gasp and protests he took with a sweet kiss. She began rocking of her own accord and he stopped her. 

"Now, now," he said, "you are going to cum when I say so."

"Now" she said. Her eyes begging and her ass rising towards him, inviting him to take her.

"I want you naked first," he said. Pulling her in for a longer kiss, his other hand came down, tugging, pulling her pants to get them down to her knees and then her panties. Smiling into the kiss, he muttered "ah, I can feel how wet you are for me." 

"Please." she whispered, unsure herself if she wanted his hand to dally there or if she just needed to be naked faster. As her pants came down to her knees, she rose up again, pressing her bare bottom against his jeans.

"Not fair," she said, "you're still dressed." 

"Ah, but that's how I like it. I love having you naked in front of me, your body mine to do what I wish with." 

"I want to cum"

"Do you like it when I am on top of you, controlling how you move, when you move? Knowing I get to decide how deep I go, how hard I pound you?"

"God, yes." she said against his lips.

"Good. We are going to do what I like now." 

Bringing an arm across her body underneath, he lifted her breasts a little and pressed her whole body down with his. "Turn your head this way," he said, brining his mouth down to occupy her while he ran his free hand down her bare skin to her bottom. Caressing and squeezing, she moaned as he got closer and closer to her slit, bucking against him. 

He wanted to strip off his pants and pound into her but he knew had to hold off. This was going to be too good. She hadn't heard him come in, hadn't seen him come up behind her while she was masturbating. He'd snuck in her present and it lay on the bed next to him. Not yet, he thought, she needed to be very wet first.

Reaching down, he slid one finger along her slit, while he held her lips, swallowing her little moan, caressing a bared breast with his other hand. God, was she a handful, he thought, looking down from his view on top of her, her bared butt, her curves, her sexy neck he couldn't stop from kissing. Having her under him, knowing he could do whatever he wanted got him so hot. He plunged one finger in and she came off the bed, rocking into his palm, crying out. The next stroke, he put three fingers in and felt her tighten around them. Damn, she was tight, looking down at the vibrator he bought he wondered if it was too big. Deciding she needed to get warmed up first, he stroked harder, watching her pump back into his hand, listening to her moan, waiting for her to cum. 

"I want you," she said, sounding like a pouty child.

"Too bad we don't always get what we want," he whispered against her lips.

"I want more," she gasped between thrust, pressing into his palm.

He laughed knowing he had her now, knowing she loved it when he talked dirty. "Getting a little greedy, baby. You want another finger inside you? You want four? Why don't I just fuck you with my whole fist?"

"Just one more," she trembled, thinking about the force of that first, "I want your dick inside me." 

"You want a dick inside you?" 

At her nod, he leaned down, watching her eagerly come up for his kiss. Looking her straight in the eye, he said, "we going to do things differently." 

She looked confused and he held back his smile. The sex was always mind-blowing but it gotten a little boring of late. He knew he was on the right track trying something a little different when she tilted her head, somehow looking even more interested, "like what?" 

"I want to spank you. You have a gorgeous ass and I want to make it bright red. I want to kiss it and finger fuck you while I do it." 

"Ah," she closed her, eyes, her hips rocking again. He knew she was already imagining it. Without waiting for her consent, he reached down for one ankle, pulling her leg up and under, saying, "I need to have you completely open to me." Striping off her pants and panties as he did so, he brought the other leg under her. 

Now she was more open, kneeling on the bed and resting on her thighs with her arms out in front of her, her breasts swaying with her rocking motion, and her face turned towards him. Reclining next to her, still full dressed, again he took in the view.

Her naked body, curvy in all the right places, always got him hard. Knowing he could have her clothes off in under a minute as soon as he walked into a room turned him on even more. And then there was the vibrator he'd picked up today, 8 inches of "please don't stop."

"How do you feel now?" He asked, nuzzling her lips as her rubbed her bare ass. 

"Exposed, sexy, I want you inside me now," she said, reaching for his jeans. 

"No"

"Just your shirt?"

"Ok," he said, pulling it off one-handed and then extending her arms, pressing them to the mattress. "These are to stay here, you can't move them, no matter what." 

Looking surprised, she nodded her assent, her rocking continued, increasing her rhythm as he caressed her butt, cupping the cheeks, patting gently, occasionally slipping a finger insider her. He was loving the view and he wanted to take his time with her.

"You said you'd put more in!" she cried in frustration after a few minutes. 

He'd been waiting for her to complain; suddenly spanking her harder than before, asking "Didn't I tell you that you were mine to do what I wanted with?" Kara was not into submission and he knew it. He smiled against her ass as that literally brought her back up. 

"Just kidding babe," he said, before she could rip into him, pressing little kisses to her rosy ass. She settled back down, muttering, "you promised."

Smacking her bottom a few more times, he elicited the cries he wanted and from this view, he could see her getting wetter. He knew she was about ready for four, he prepared her quickly, licking and nipping as necessary and then entering her with all four fingers. Fucking her for a few thrusts, he held her ass with one hand as he enjoyed the view of her taking his fingers. She was tensing with her orgasm, her muscles tightening, and he knew now was the time. 

Letting her go to buck against his hand, he reached behind him for the vibrator. Her bare ass open and exposed, she was damn close to doggy style but he knew he'd have to brace her for this. Sliding his arm under her hips, he lifted her slightly. Thinking he was finally going to take his pants off, she reached back to help. 

And stopped at the sight of the vibrator. "Oh" she said, "what are you . . ." 

Pushing her back into position, he put the tip against her slit, and her muttering stopped. Twirling the big head, he turned it on, letting it vibrate on high against her slit. She started bucking wildly, pressing herself against the vibrator. Knowing he had control of the situation, he waited. "Kara, tell me what you want." She was rocking against the tip, trying to take more of it in, but he pulled back. Complete control, he thought. 

With his arm across her hips, gripping her ass and the tip just teasing her, she was dying to have him inside her. Him, it, she didn't care, she felt empty and wanted to be filled. Now. She begged for him to take her, "Please, slip it in, I want it. Please."

Kara wasn't used to begging in bed, she didn't know if she was enjoying this, she decided to try a different tact. "Are you loving the view?" she asked, "when you take me with your own dick, you can't get this close, you can't control me as well. Do you love having me at your mercy?" 

"Yes, I love it. I get to watch you take it as deep as I can put it in. I get to watch it all and do this." Leaning in, he ran his tongue along her labia and nuzzled her ass. 

"Oh, god," she cried out, all thoughts of goading him into fucking her gone. "Please, damn it, please, I want you so bad. Put it in! Please!" 

"You want this vibrator inside you, don't you? You like my present?" He asked. Hearing her whimper, he demanded a response, "tell me." 

"Please, put it inside me. Now!"

"Now?" he pushed the tip in again.

"Yes, now, hurry up! More of it!" 

"Say 'Please'." 

"Please, damn it – I want it so bad. It feels so good – " 

Holding her trembling body, he pressed the tip in, watching her slit widen around the large toy, knowing he'd have to go slow for her to take the whole thing. He was shocked to see her struggling back, trying to take more of it immediately.

"Now" she demanded. "All of it! What are you waiting for?" 

Pressing the full length in, right up to the rubber balls, he felt her orgasm coming with that one hard thrust. Rocking it in and out with her orgasm, he held her as she screamed, her moaning beginning to settle as he unbuttoned his pants. 

Pulling the vibrating penis out, he slid a condom on. She was coming down from her high, still gasping, trembling, barely able to move and yet, reaching for him. Pressing her into the bed just as he'd originally found her, he slid in with no warning and heard her gasp. 

She was still tight, clenching with each contraction and he started thrusting in earnest. He felt her coming again and he smiled, holding off his orgasm, pulling her tight against him so he could feel it throughout her body. 

"Cum for me baby," he muttered, "That's my girl." 

"Oh god, oh god yes," she screamed as she felt the release, her whole body tensing and vibrating with it.

"Do you want me to come inside you?" 

"Please" she said, shaking and reaching back to grip his ass, trying to pull him tighter. Lifting her to all fours, he grabbed her hips and thrust hard. Rocking in and out, he felt himself coming fast and wanted more of her. 

"I love fucking you. You look so hot, watching you take my dick, I want to fuck you forever. Look at those titties, bouncing every time I pound into you." He reached around to grab them, knowing he need to dominate her, hold her tighter. 

He wrapped a forearm around her hips for leverage, and pulled her head back so he could watch her pant. Burying his head in her neck, watching her tits bounce, he thrust only three more times, moaning his pleasure as he came.

As they lay, sweaty, hot and extremely satisfied in the aftermath, Kara turned, "where did that come from?"

"I've been planning it all day" he said turning to look down at her, "I picked up the vibrator at lunch. I knew if I was late you'd get frustrated and start without me. Damn, I loved watching you take it – and your cries when you wanted it so bad." His grin was spreading as he smacked her ass. "I can't wait to do it that again."