 Wednesday, the middle of the week and the weekend seems so far away. This Wednesday however is different; tonight I am going out to the karaoke bar I frequent on Saturdays. Actually I just need to see you. Knowing full well you host karaoke so you will be there.

You're shocked to see me but you greet me with you famous hugs and a kiss to the forehead along with a "Hey Baby." I melt when I see you and go all weak in the knees. People are already singing and I seek you out and ask you if you will sing with me. You agree so I put up my selection. It isn't long before you call my name and we get ready to sing.

I grab the microphone and we sing our parts. We gaze at each other and the way you come and bump and grind with me makes me weak but I sing with all my heart, my dream of singing with you is coming true. After the song we hug and you kiss my cheek, this time more tenderly which makes my pussy twitch with excitement. You thank me and you tell em we sounded great together and you will only sing the song with me when I am there. It is now our song. Again a hug and a kiss seal the deal.

We go outside for a cigarette and when others talk to you, you excuse yourself and without warning pin me to the wall and ravish me with kisses making me giggle. You whisper how sexy I am in my ear and our lips meet for our kiss and then you go on as if nothing happened, leaving me weak and breathing heavy. You always leave me wanting more. 

I sing one more song and then I have to go. 

I get my jacket and find you to say goodbye. You pull me close and slide your hands under my jacket, touching and caressing my hips and sides. You talk more to me about having fun singing with me tonight and you can't wait to see me Saturday. You pant kisses on my face as you talk each sentence. Our lips meet again in a deep kiss your tongue forces its way past my lips and our tongues dance hungrily. 

Once I get home I can barely contain myself. I go to sleep and dream of us kissing again, this time though we are at your house alone. No one to see us and no interruptions. We kiss again as you lay me on your couch. You caress my body as you slide onto me and I can feel your excitement. You begin unbuttoning my top and kiss my neck as your hands caress my breasts and pinch my nipples through my red lace bra. I moan and bite my lower lip and you look up smiling mischievously.

You tell me to relax as you kiss all over my tummy and slide my pants off to reveal a matching thong. You kiss along my thighs making me moan louder and when your lips teasing lick along the sides of my thong I whimper in pleasure. You sit back and admire me lying there so vulnerable and wanting you, you lean down kissing my neck and ear and whisper, "Your so very sexy, I have wanted you for so long." You glide down my body caressing me as you go.

You part my thighs and settle in and begin to lick my slit softly, encircling your tongue. I squirm and whimper, "Oh Kman" I gasp. You smile and make me wait a moment as you slide my thong to the side. You begin to lap and lick at my clit and make me moan and whimper louder. You begin to slide one, then two fingers inside me. You pump them in and out and whisper, "Imagine this is me inside of you baby." 

I moan louder begin to gasp and pant for breathe. You begin feverishly fingering me and licking and sucking away making me hotter and wetter than ever. My body quivers and shakes, my moans are louder and more urgent as I climax and explode all over your fingers and tongue. I pant trying to catch my breath.

You lick your fingers as I gaze into your eyes. You slide on top of me as I shiver. You caress and hug me kissing me and whispering, "You taste incredible." You hold me tight and stroke my body helping me relax. I want to please you so bad, I want to return the favour but as I awake and realise the dream, it will all have to wait until next time.