 During my senior year of High School, I'd taken a job as a busboy at a restaurant that was just down the street from my house. Football season had ended, I'd turned 18, and since I didn't play basketball or any spring sports, I decided a job would be a great way to earn some money and keep me occupied until I went off to college. And, yes, being a busboy making just-a-little-better-than minimum wage sucked. But, it kept me busy and out of trouble.

It was a busy Friday night dinner rush and I'd come out to the dining area from the dishwasher room and set to work cleaning up a table. I looked around and my brother's ex-girlfriend, Karen, was there eating with, I assumed, her mom. She looked up at me, smiled, and waved. I smiled and waved back and got back to work. After a while, I took a turn through the dining area to see if anything needed picked up when Karen walked up to me.

"Hi, Mike!" she said. "I didn't know you worked here. How've you been?"

"Ok," I told her. "I've been working here since football ended. It's ok. Close to home. How have you been?"

We made small talk for a few minutes when she said "Hey, I need a big favor. I need to move some stuff from my Mom's house to my apartment tomorrow. My brother said he'd help me move the stuff into the truck, but not up to my apartment. Do you think you could help me move tomorrow?" Then she smiled and said "I'll get you high afterwards!"

Karen was about 24 or 25 years old. I always thought she was very pretty, but not gorgeous. She was about 5-4 or so, maybe 110 pounds at the most, and kept in excellent shape. She had long black hair and pale blue eyes, but her best feature was her tits. She had very large breasts and loved nothing more than to wear low cut tops that really made her cleavage stand out. Today was no exception. It took all of my concentration to not stare at her chest while I talked to her, but since I'm a sucker, I said "Sure, I'd be glad to. What time should I be there?"

She gave me her address and told me to come over about 11am or so. Then she smiled and walked away. 

As I pulled up in front of her apartment building, she was standing there by a large pick-up. I walked up to her and said hello. She turned and I could tell that she must have had one hell of a night last night. She looked completely hungover.

"Oh, thank God you're here." She said. "I didn't want to have to unload this all by myself!" With that, she turned and picked up a box. "Grab one and follow me."

I picked up a box and followed her, keeping a good eye on her ass as she walked toward the door. She looked over her shoulder and said to me "I've got good news and bad news. The good news is that I scored some really good shit. You're going to love it."

"And the bad?" I said.

"The elevator's out and I live on the third floor," she said.

"Wonderful. Is that why your brother wouldn't help?" I asked.

"Yep. He's an asshole for sure."

We made our way up the stairs to her apartment. She told me where she wanted the box and I set it down. I turned and headed for the door when she said "Mike, would it be too mean of me to ask that you carry the boxes up for me all by yourself? I have a wicked bad hangover and I'm not sure I could do it."

"Sure, Karen. Not a problem."

She walked up to me, kissed me on the cheek and said "You're a dear, thank you so much. I have a hell of a night last night and I'm really paying for it now. I need a shower." With that, she turned and walked away and I went back to carrying boxes. 

When I got back to the truck, I got a good look at the amount of shit I was going to be hauling up three flights of stairs. There had to be 20 boxes of shit there! Goddammit!! This is going to take all day! 

After about 5 trips, Karen came out to the front room, hair still damp, wearing jeans and a t-shirt. She looked at the pile of boxes and then had me move them to whatever room she wanted them in. I continued making trip after trip and the last few trips, the boxes started to get really heavy. They were filled with books and magazines. Super.

I brought the last box into her apartment, closed the door behind me and asked where this box went.

"That's more magazines. Just put that by the coffee table."

I set it down, and then plopped on to the couch. I was hot, sweaty and tired. I'd not had this much of a work out since football ended a few months ago. Karen brought me over a glass of water and I downed it in one pull. "You're sweaty! I really, really appreciate you doing this, Mike. You're the best!"

I waved my hand absentmindedly and said "No problem. I'm happy to help."

Karen sat down on the chair at the end of the coffee table while I tried to cool down on the couch. She reached under the end table and pulled out a little wooden box, opened it, and handed me a joint out of it. "Here, you can do the honors," she said.

I pulled out my lighter and fired it up. It was, indeed, some very good shit and the effects of the pot hit me straight away. We made idle chatter as we passed the joint back and forth until we'd smoked it all. By then, we were both very high. 

"Do you have to work tonight?" she asked.

"No, I'm off, " I replied. Then I reached out and opened the box of magazines by the coffee table. "What kind of magazines did you make me carry up here why do you want to keep them?" Atop the pile in the box was a Victoria's Secret catalog.

"Sweet!" I said. "Victoria's Secret!" And then I started to leaf through the catalog. "You know, I don't get lingerie. Look at this get up here." And I tilted the magazine so she could see what I was talking about. The model was wearing stockings, a garter belt, a thong and a corset, all in white. "It's very sexy, sure, and she looks hotter than all hell, but how are you supposed to screw with that on? Why wear something that's going to drive a guy crazy, only to take off for sex?"

"You leave it on, silly!" She said.

"Leave it on?" I said. "How does that work? It's going to get in the way!"

"No it doesn't get in the way," she said. "You just move things aside is all." Then she made a motion across her crotch like she was moving her underwear aside.

"Ah, I can see that, I guess." I said.

"Lingerie is very, very sexy. I love wearing it. I actually have something very close to that set up," and she pointed to the model in the catalog. 

"Wow," I said. "I bet that's pretty hot." Then I glanced over at the box of magazines and spied something I've never seen before.

"Playgirl! You have a Playgirl magazine!" and I reached out and grabbed it before she could stop me. "I have never in my life seen one of these," I said as I opened it up.

"I read the articles," She said while laughing. 

"I'm sure," I said. "I didn't think girls were into porn."

"Oh, sure," she said. "We like porn just as much as guys do, but we're not as vocal about it."

I tuned the pages and flipped through her Playgirl. I couldn't get over the fact that the guys in the magazine were huge. I thought I had a good sized dick, but I was nowhere near this big. Another thing I noticed was that every model in the magazine, every single one, had his balls shaved or all of his pubic hair removed.

"What is the deal?" I said. "Every guy in this magazine has his balls shaved. What the fuck is this? THIS guy doesn't have any pubes at all? What's that about?" and I turned the magazine so she could see.

"Oh, I love that!" She said. "I love it when I guy has no body hair!"

"Really?" I asked. "You like no hair at all? That's strange, Karen." Then I flipped a few more pages to another guy with no pubic hair. "How does that work, anyway? The guy's gotta shave his pubes? I'd be way too scared to do that. I'd be afraid I'd cut myself."

"What's the big deal?" She said. "It's not like anyone is going to know! Besides, I shave my pubes."

"Really?" I asked.

"Well," she said. "Women have to keep things trim down there or we have a forest sticking out of our bikinis. I don't shave it all off. Just some."

"I'd still be scared to do it. I know I'd end up cutting it off if I did."

"Well, have a friend do it!" she said.

Looking back at the magazine, I said "It'd have to be a pretty GOOD friend."

"Well," she said, "I'm a good friend. I'd shave you."

I laughed as I looked up at her and said "Right. That's crazy."

She stood up, held out her hand and said "Come on. You need a shower anyway."

I looked at her hand and then up at her in disbelief. She wiggled her fingers of her outstretched hand and said "Come on. It'll be fun!" I reached up and took her hand as she led me to the bathroom. She handed me a towel and told me to not dry off "down there", as she pointed to my dick, when I get out. Then she walked out and closed the door behind her. 

So here I am: In my brother's ex-girlfriend's bathroom, about to have my pubes shaved. And I'm very high. I stood there for a few seconds, looked in the mirror and smiled. This could be fun after all, I thought. I undressed and got into the shower.

While the water flowed over me, I couldn't help but imagine what was going to happen. Was I going to have sex? I'd have had sex 4 times in my life, all with my present girlfriend. It was always in the dark so I never got much in the way of a good look at her while we did it. Here it was the middle of the day! This is going to be like a porno! My dick began to get hard, hard as I can ever remember it being. Great, I thought. I'm going to get out of the shower and she's going to laugh at me when she sees my hard-on. Over the course of the next several minutes as I showered, I tried everything I could to get my erection to calm down. But, no chance. The possibility of having sex was too great to ignore and my hard-on stayed put. 

Finally, I gave up and turned the water off. As I was towling off, Karen knocked on the door and opened it right up. "Knock, knock," she said and she entered the bathroom. I'd just stepped out of the tub and had the towel across my midsection, hopefully covering my cock. Karen was wearing a long, terry cloth robe and she'd obviously put make-up on. "Are you ready?" she asked.

"Uh, sure," I said. "Where, ummm, where do we, umm...where do you want me to be?"

She opened the closet, took out a can of shave cream and a razor and said "Just stand by the sink."

I rubbed the towel around my body a bit as I moved to the sink. The cold feeling of the marble against my naked butt made me jump.

"Are you ready?" she asked again, as she playfully shook the shaving cream can.

"Um, sure," I said, barely able to contain myself at this point. My cock was rock hard and I was still hiding it behind the towel.

She placed the razor on the sink and took hold of the towel. "Just relax. This will be fun, I promise" she said as she pulled the towel away, revealing my hardness. 

"Oh, my!" she said. "Somebody's ready, all right!"

"Sorry," I said. "I can't help it."

"No apologies necessary," she said as she reached out and took my cock in her hand. "Don't apologize at all!"

She slowly rubbed my cock with her hand, then reached down and felt my balls. A low moan escaped my lips.

"Do you like that, Mike?" she asked.

"Oh, God, yes!" I said. 

"Good," she said. "Let's get to work."

She placed the shave cream on the sink beside the razor and untied her robe. As she let if fall to the ground, I saw that she'd changed into the lingerie we'd talked about before. She wore black stiletto heels, black stockings that came up to mid-thigh, fastened into a black garter belt. She had sheer, black panties on that I could clearly see the outline of a "landing strip" of pubic hair beneath. She had a black bra that was sheer on the top half of the cup, revealing the top half of her nipples. It must have been some sort of "push-up" bra because her tits seemed huge inside it. She slowly turned around and I could see the thong string enter the top of her ass-crack. "Do you like this, Mike?" she asked.

"Holy shit," I breathed. That was about all I could muster.

"This is my favorite outfit. I always feel my sexiest when I wear this." Then she turned to face me, looked down at my cock and said "Now, let's take care of this, shall we?"

She picked up the shave cream can, squirted a large pile of it on to her palm and then slowly lathered me up. The cold feeling of the cream on my cock and balls sent wave after wave of pleasure through my body. Once she'd completely covered my groin area, she started to slowly stroke my cock. "See," she said. "I told you this would be fun!"

I was mesmerized by the sight of her hand, covered in shaving cream, stroking my cock. When she stopped stroking, she picked up a towel and wiped off her hands. "There," she said. "Now you're ready." She picked up the razor and got down on her knees.  

She started at the top, working down. Slowly and gently, she moved the razor around, removing my hair. She would often move my erect cock out of her way and give it a few playful tugs as she did so. 

When she'd finished, she wet a washcloth and used it to get the last of the shave cream off my skin. I looked down and marveled at what she'd done. My dick looked twice as big as it did before!

"There," she said as she took the washcloth off to inspect her work. "That's better. Doesn't that feel better?"

She looked up at me, smiled then turned back to my cock. On the left side of my balls, there was a little nick that had started to bleed. "Oh," she said. "You're bleeding!" Then she looked up at me and said "Do you want me to kiss it and make it better?" With that, she leaned in and kissed the side of my balls that was bleeding. Then she slowly kissed around my sack to the other side. Then she started to lick me. With one hand, she reached up and stroked my cock as she licked and sucked my balls. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back in pure ecstasy.

"Have you ever had a blowjob, Mike?" she asked.

"No, never," I said, head still tilted back.

"You should watch me then," she said. "I like it when guys watch. Watch me suck your cock, Mike."

And so, I looked down at her. She looked up at me, tilted my cock toward her mouth, and never broke eye contact with me as she took my cock into her waiting mouth. 

Her mouth was warm and wet and lovely. Slowly, she sucked my entire length into her mouth, held it there and then backed off, letting my cock out of her mouth with an audible "POP!"

"Wow," she said. "You are really hard!" Then she leaned forward and took me into her mouth again. This time, she closed her eyes as she sucked, but I simply could not turn away. Watching my cock slide in and out of her mouth, coupled with the feeling of her doing just that was making me crazy.

"Oh, God," I said. "Jesus Christ!" That's about all I could say as she sucked my cock. Then she reached up one hand and stroked my cock in time with her sucking. I could feel the cum beginning to boil in my balls and I said "I'm gonna cum soon." This seemed to egg her on and she quickened her pace. Jerking my cock harder and faster, she sucked just at the tip of my cock. My cock head was just inside her teeth and I could feel them sliding along my cock as I went in and out. 

"Oh,ooooooooooo...!!" I said as the orgasm hit me. Jet after jet of cum shot out of my cock and into her waiting mouth. Karen continued to suck and stroke until the last drops had come out. She let my cock slide from her mouth, stood up, bent over the sink and spit my load into the sink. 

"Jesus, Mike!" she said. "That was a lot! I couldn't swallow it all!"

"Sorry," I said. "I couldn't help it."

"No, no," she said. "I LOVED it. I just couldn't swallow it all." And then she did something totally unexpected. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my cum on her lips and tongue as we kissed. It was very erotic.

When she broke the kiss, she reached down and grabbed my still-hard cock. "We're not done yet," she said as she led me out of the bathroom by my cock. We went into her bedroom and she climbed up on to her bed on her back. 

She reached down and wiggled her thong aside, showing her pussy. "My turn," she said with a grin. "Have you ever gone down on a girl? Do you know how to eat pussy?"

"No," I said as I climbed up onto the bed. 

"I will teach you," she said. "The top part is where the clitoris is. You'll want to concentrate on that part, but I want you to start by running your tongue up and down my slit to get me nice and wet. "

I leaned in and got close to her pussy. I'd never actually seen a pussy up close before. I'd felt many of them with my hands, but never seen one this close before. Her pubic hair made a line that started above her clit, the rest of her pussy was clean shaven. I could see moisture on her lips, so I closed my eyes, leaned in, and licked the length of her slit. 

"Good," she said. "Just like that. Lick up and down."

I did as I was told, licking the outside of her vagina. The taste was not unpleasant, but I wouldn't ask for "Pussy Flavor" ice cream if they made such a thing. I licked up and down, and then started to push my tongue between her lips. 

"Like that. Lick my pussy like that."

I kept at it, shoving my tongue in as deep as I could as I licked up and down. I started to lick harder and faster, up and down, as best as I could. 

"Yea, that's it," she said as I felt her shift on the bed. I opened my eyes as she sat up on one elbow, reached out, and took my head in her hand. "Now, move to the top. Trace the alphabet with your tongue on my clit."

That's strange, I thought to myself. The alphabet? Like A,B,C,D? But, she knew what she was doing, I guess, so I shifted my attention to the top of her slit and began licking the alphabet.

"A little lower," she said as I felt her push on my head.

I moved down and bit and continued. As I got to "E", I felt her hand move to the back of my head and she said "Yesssssssss....right there. Right there. Just like that."

I continued to trace the alphabet on her clit and when I get all the way through, I started back on "A" again. I figured that she'd tell me what to do if I wasn't doing things right, so I kept going. When I got to "G", she started to move her hips and I felt the pressure of her hand on the back of my head increase, pushing my face into her pussy. At "T", she started to buck her hips harder and breath heavier. "That's it," she panted. "Like that. You're gonna make me cum!"

As I started the alphabet over for the third time, her hips were moving so much that I was just sticking my tongue out hoping she would rub up against it. He hand forcing my face into her pussy all but guaranteed that I would as she moved around on the bed. One final spasm and she released my head and laid back down again. I licked her pussy a few moments more and then came up off of her. 

"How was that?" I asked, wiping my chin. 

"Hang on," she said as she put a hand to her forehead. "I'm still spinning" She laid there, breathing hard, her chest moving up and down, as I took in her beauty. I'd never thought of her as beautiful before, but she looked damn good now!

"Wow," she said. "That was incredible. You sure you've never done that before?"

"Nope," I said as I got up onto my knees between her legs. "First time."

She sat up onto both her elbows and said "Wow. Good job!" Then she looked down at my hard cock, took it in her hand and stroked it. 

"Now then," she said. "It's very important that you don't put runs into my stockings while we fuck. This is my favorite pair. No scratching my legs or anything like that. And don't you dare pull out and cum on me. I don't want your jizz stains on my lingerie. You cum inside me, got it? I'm on the pill, so don't worry about getting me pregnant."

"Ok," I said as she pulled me cock toward her pussy. I leaned into her as she guided my cock toward her pussy. I looked down as she rubbed the head of my cock along her slit. It was warm and wet and inviting. 
