 Note: The absence of condoms in this story is strictly for aesthetic reasons, not meant to condone unprotected sex. –sl

The snow fell steadily throughout the afternoon, small icy flakes that promised to make Friday's rush hour drive home from work a real pain in the ass. Kara left her job at city hall two hours early to avoid the traffic; she planned to get hot and nasty tonight come hell or high water. No amount of foul weather could get in her way; she was on a mission and her every intention was to succeed. The snow continued to fall into the evening, by nine p.m six inches of wet, heavy snow covered the ground.

Kara was horny, not just horny, more like hornier than a three-dick dog. The past two months she described as being 'fuckless' but tonight she would end that, she planned to get laid-blizzard or not.

Kara took a long hot shower and found herself getting hot as she slathered silky lotion over her moist skin. Her hand wandered to her pussy and she began playing with her clit. Desperate as she was for sex, her own touch was simply not going to cut it tonight. Reluctantly she focused on picking out an outfit.

Thirty minutes later, she stepped out onto the sidewalk. She wore a black leather coat that fell just below her knees. The black jeans fit snugly but not too tight, they showed off her small, round ass nicely. She wore a red silk blouse invitingly opened to the third button. Beneath the fabric, the nipples of her 36c breasts poked through the sheer black bra she wore strictly for effect. Her long black hair was down, falling just below her tiny shoulders. Her green eyes sparkled in the dim moonlight.

Driving was not an option; the roads were a mess of dirty snow and trash. Whenever it snowed, the city converted the trash trucks into snowplows. If it was trash day, the trash remained on the sidewalk oftentimes winding up strewn all over the street and sidewalks due to the plows cutting the bags open. The only vehicles on the road were snowplows and occasionally a four-wheel drive truck. 

Kara headed towards the corner bar on foot, trudging through snow mixed with trash. She did not plan to go there but the snow changed her plans. Everyone in the small corner taproom knew her, not many strangers patronized The Rabid Dog. The gang at the bar knew she was off limits. 

Every man in the bar tried at one time or another to get in her pants. Kara turned them all down but she did it in a nice way, making sure not to bruise their delicate egos.

'Don't shit where you eat', that was her motto. In other words, do not fuck around with the locals. Tonight that rule would have to be broken because one way or another Kara planned to have a cock inside her.

She walked less than ten feet when a plow whizzed by plummeting her with snow. Immediately she found herself underneath a pile of grey slushy snow mixed with trash.

"What else can go wrong?" she thought aloud.

The next thing she knew she was looking into the bluest eyes she ever saw. A gloved hand reached out and helped her to her feet.

"Oh damn lady, I'm so sorry. Are you O.K.?"

"Do I look like I am you asshole?" Kara barked back.

She regretted it as soon as she said it. This man was beautiful, six foot with long wavy dark brown hair and the physique of a body builder. "Hey, I'm sorry" she said, "I didn't mean to sound so bitchy, I'm kind of in a hurry, that's all. There's something incredibly important I need to do tonight, now I need get ready all over again." Kara smiled a wicked smile and added, "Maybe you'd like to help me?" She could not help looking down at his crotch.

The man only looked at her and laughed. Kara could not believe this guys nerve; talk about a total asshole, this guy took the prize. She threw him a nasty look and turned to leave.

"No, no wait" he said. "I'm not laughing at what you said, it's just- you've got something in your hair. Really, I swear, that's why I'm laughing." 

He reached towards her and pulled something from her hair. Holding a condom in the air, he said, "See, this is what was so funny, it's a good thing you'll be taking another shower." He smiled adding, "I'd love to help you by the way but I'd better warn you, I haven't been with a woman since I left my wife a year ago, I've got a lot of catching up to do in the lovemaking department."

Extending her hand she said "I'm Kara, and you are?"

"Rick. My name's Rick, it's very nice to meet you Kara. I guess you could say you really fell for me, huh?"

"Yea Rick, you really knocked me off my feet. Well it's been a blast but I really need to go, try being a little more careful you could really hurt someone." Kara smiled and turned to leave.

"Let me at least give you a ride." He said, disappointed that this sexy woman was getting away. The thought of fucking her was quite appealing to him. He felt himself getting hard.

"No, it's O.K. I just live a few houses down. It is a shame we were only joking around though, I like the idea of a sex starved man cleaning me up. It looks like you like the idea too Rick." Kara added coyly as she stole another glance at the growing bulge in his pants.

Rick quickly said, "Who was joking? I was serious."

"Hmm, well then Mr. Snowplow man, why don't you park that truck and join me?" Kara dared, adding, "It's been way too long for me too."

Minutes later they were in Kara's apartment, lips locked in a lusty kiss. The passion between them was building, their teeth gnashed together as they hastily removed each other's coats, careful not to break their lip lock.

Rick growled into her mouth, "I want to fuck you so bad you sexy bitch."

"Oh baby, you have no idea how much I want your cock inside me right now." She moaned back.

That was all he needed to hear, he turned her around, grinding his iron hard pole against her ass as he undid her jeans and pushed them down her slender legs.

"God, you've got a great ass Kara," He whispered as he kissed and licked her neck.

She turned around and he watched as she slowly unbuttoned her red blouse; as it fell to the floor, she grabbed his hand. Bringing it to her mouth, she began sucking his fingers one by one as he took off her black bra with his free hand. Kara guided his wet fingers down her neck toward her breast. She used his finger to trace around her already aroused nipple, causing it to pucker more. Rick took a nipple in each hand and pinched them.

"That's good baby, harder though, I love my nipples pinched and pulled hard, do it Rick," Kara instructed as she started taking off his pants.

When Rick felt her hand finally stroking his swollen prick he let out a sigh. Because he hadn't had sex in such a long time, he knew he would cum soon. He planned to enjoy her body as long as possible; he needed to slow down a bit.

"Let me watch you Kara, make yourself cum for me"

Kara didn't need much coaxing; she loved it when a man watched her get herself off. "Is that what you want baby, you want to watch me play? You want to watch me cum for you?" She cooed.

She led him by his stiff cock into the bedroom and lay down on the bed. She spread her legs wide, her tits jutting into the air. Slowly her red fingernails swirled over her flesh, stopping to tease her nipples on their way down to her neatly trimmed, glistening cunt. Her fingers rested between her swollen folds as she spread herself open, with her other hand she slowly pushed her fingers inside her dripping hole. Her hips began moving as she fucked herself, alternating between rubbing her clit and sloshing in and out of her pussy. Rick watched, stroking his cock, growing harder and harder as her tempo increased.

"That's it you nasty slut, that's so good" 

"Rick, I'm so close, so close to cumming. OH Rick, baby, I'm cummingggggggggg, ohhh."

Rick couldn't take anymore; he grabbed her and turned her on her belly. In one swift move, he sunk his needy cock into her tight pussy. She pushed back against him as he thrust in and out of her. In and out, faster and faster. They fucked each other hard; he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back as she felt him grow even more. 

"Arg, Kara now, cum with me, will you?" Rick panted.

With that he exploded, his pulsating cock filling her with stream after stream of hot sweet cum. He felt her orgasm hit strong, her pulsating walls milking his cock for all it was worth. He stayed hard in her quivering pussy which pleased them both. 

Slowly Kara pushed against him and they moved together until he was on his back and she was sitting on his cock, her back to him. Kara reached around and gently rubbed his sides as they began to move in rhythm with each other. Rick's fat cock invaded her, stretching her to accomidate him. 

Kara's limber body rotated as she rode him until she was facing him. "Your cock feels like heaven inside me, I love the way you fuck Rick."

They moved faster, more urgently, taking from each other all they could get. Their passion kept building as their bodies slapped together. Kara rode Rick's cock like there was no tomorrow. 

Rick's hands were on her hips, guiding her up and down on his cock until finally she threw her head back and moaned his name.

"Oh Rick, CUM WITH ME NOW!!"

Rick could not hold on any longer, his cock jerked inside her, filling her again with his seed. Kara collapsed on top of him and they lay together catching their breath.

A few minutes later Kara looked at him and purred, "I want to taste you Rick."

The next thing he felt was her warm tongue licking his length, bringing him back to life once more. Kara's tongue took broad firm strokes, slowly traveling up and down his stiffening manhood. She gave him new sensations, flicking her pointed tongue delicately across his cockhead until he rewarded her with a glistening drop of precum. She took her time teasing him with her mouth, almost taking him fully into her warmth then pulling back. Finally, she sunk her mouth all the way onto him, opening her throat for him. Her head bobbed up and down as she worked his cock into a frenzy.

Rick grabbed her head, holding her down as he thrust repeatedly, driving his cock deeper and deeper down her throat. His thick cock squeezed its way up and down her throat, bringing him closer to the edge with every thrust against her bobbing head.

"Oh fuck Kara; here it comes, take it baby! That's it! Suck it! Suck it Kara! Swallow it! Take my cum!"

Kara started swallowing mouthful after mouthful of thick pearlescent cum as it spewed from Ricks cock. Finally, he stopped cumming as the final bursts trickled from the corner of her mouth.

At last both of them were satisfied, the pent up sexual energy they both held for so long was gone. They drifted off to sleep wrapped in each other's arms, both wondering what the daylight would bring.