 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

I called out to Karen as she passed by my dorm room and, as she backed up and stuck her head in, I asked her where the cassette was that she had borrowed a few months earlier. Her mouth dropped open as her hand went to it and her eyes got wide.

"Crap!" she exclaimed, "I completely forgot that I still had it. Let me go get it."

As she took off, I couldn't help but speculate about her. She was definitely attractive and had a nice figure, but she was into things like Star Trek and role-playing games and renaissance fairs; she was probably the best looking geek I'd ever met. Years later, I discovered classic Playboy Playmates Connie Kreski and Liv Lindeland who both reminded me of Karen with their long, straight blond hair, pretty faces and all-natural figures.

Karen was back momentarily with my cassette, explaining that she'd liked it so much that she'd gone out and purchased the CD. Now she felt terrible that she'd forgotten to return the cassette for so long and felt that she needed to make it up to me somehow. My eyes were drawn from her own deep blue ones down to her perky tits, pressing out against her snug sweater. She looked down, too, then looked back at me and smiled while giving me an inquisitive look. I met her eyes again and said that if she showed me her boobs, I'd be happy to call us even, figuring I had nothing to lose if she said no. She surprised me with her reply that showing her boobs might make up for keeping my cassette for a week, but for her keeping it for several months, she wouldn't feel right unless she got completely naked for me, assuming I was interested.

I think my jaw falling open confirmed to her that I was, in fact, interested, especially since she couldn't see that my cock was beginning to swell within the confines of my jeans. She turned to close and lock my dorm room door as I admired her ass in the snug, faded jeans that she was wearing. Turning back toward me, she reached down and began to raise her sweater over her head, revealing a rather plain white bra underneath. I could see her hard nipples pressing out against it, as well as the darker color of her areolas, which looked quite large, through the thin material. The blood continued flowing into my growing cock as she reached behind her back to unfasten her bra and I stopped her and requested that she shed her jeans first. Her hands came back around to unfasten her jeans and, as she started to push them down, a pair of plain, white panties came into view. Naturally, I was not the least bit disappointed to have her standing before me in a very plain bra and panties set but I wondered later about the possibility of taking her shopping for some sexier things.

She paused as I took in her fair skin, her bra and panties, her hard nipples and her pretty face surrounded by long, straight blond hair. I had her turn and show me her ass before facing me again and reaching to unfasten her bra again. The cups went slack and she reached for the shoulder straps to slide it down her arms. Her tits were truly impressive, sloping down to points topped with her hard nipples and darker pink areolas that were pretty large. I complimented her, causing her to blush as she let the bra drop to the floor and reached for the waistband of her panties. She started to work them down as I watched for her bush to appear, which didn't disappoint me as I started to see the golden curls. Her bush was well groomed but still substantial, which I appreciated, not having seen too many truly blond bushes in person by that point in my life.

As she stepped out of her panties, my cock was ready to burst from my jeans and was visibly bulging outward. I realized that this wasn't lost on her as she stated that she wanted to see me naked, but that it wouldn't be fair because then she wouldn't be compensating me after all. I offered her another deal, seeing where this was going, saying that I was willing to get naked for her and that she could start over with making it up to me by then giving me an orgasm. Her smile said that this was acceptable, so I pulled my t-shirt over my head before unfastening my jeans. I couldn't believe that a hot, naked geek was standing there watching me undress, but I wasn't complaining. Once my jeans were open, I went ahead and pushed my briefs down along with them, allowing my rigid tool to spring free. Karen moved to sit beside me on the bed as I kicked my jeans and briefs away and soon had my cock in one hand while the other caressed my balls.

I didn't discourage her as she lowered her head and took my cock in her hot mouth while still gently pumping it and caressing my balls. I moaned out encouragement as her lips slid up and down my rigid shaft and my gaze shifted from her mouth to her tits to her golden bush and back again. As she started to really getting into sucking my cock, leading me to assume that she'd done this before, she moved off of the bed and knelt before me as I leaned back to enjoy and watch. Her long blonde hair hung like a curtain around her face, brushing my upper thighs, as her mouth slid up and down my throbbing shaft. I was so aroused by this point that it didn't even bother me that I couldn't admire her tits or pussy, though I suspected that I'd be given ample opportunity from this moment forward. My orgasm was building rapidly as she not only sucked my cock, but tongued my balls while pumping my shaft as well.

I managed to just lie there and let her do all the work despite, as my cock swelled even more, wanting to push my cock further into her mouth. She drew my pleasure out for about as long as I could stand it, then I finally exploded with a moan into her hot, talented mouth. She nursed my cock until I was completely spent, then let it fall from her mouth and sat back on her heels.

"So I guess we're even now," she said, although she didn't look like she was necessarily relieved. I agreed that the slate was now clean, but told her that, totally unrelated to any compensation, I wanted to eat her pussy. Her eyes got brighter and her smile wider as I sat up and suggested we switch places. I devoured her body with my eyes again as she stood up and moved to sit on my bed while I slipped down to the floor on my knees. My hands went right to her tits and my lips soon joined them as I licked and sucked her hard pink nipples while she moaned softly. Eventually, I started to kiss my way down over her ribs and abdomen, pushing her knees apart while she reclined on my bed. When I reached her golden pussy, I admired it as I kissed her inner thighs, appreciating how groomed and how blonde it was. I finally ran my tongue up between her lips and found copious moisture there, which I lapped up before slipping a finger into her.

Her pussy was quite snug and incredibly hot and slippery, so I was hopeful that I'd ultimately be sliding my cock into it. For the time, though, finger-fucking her while licking and sucking her clit were more than satisfying and, judging by her loud moaning, she felt the same way. She was running her fingers through my hair and humping her pussy toward my face and I got the impression that she was completely worked up. Glancing up, I saw that her arms were squeezing her tits together, pointing them toward the ceiling, and her eyes were cinched shut but her mouth was open with a big smile. I could definitely get used to having her naked in my room on a regular basis and suspected that, even if she didn't cum, she'd still feel the same way. I had no intention of letting her leave my room without cumming though.

The longer I worked on her, the wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming and the louder she was moaning. As her moans became more like gasps and her hip movements increased in speed, I surmised that she was right on the brink and I kept working to push her over the edge. Finally, with a loud cry that probably carried out into the hallway and left no mistake that it was as a result of intense sexual stimulation, she started to tremble as she came. I kept licking and sucking her clit and sliding my finger in and out of her until I was sure that she'd finished cumming, then raised my head and slipped my finger into my mouth. I watched her heaving chest as she caught her breath, the smile never leaving her face. When she finally opened her eyes, she asked breathlessly if I would fuck her. I stood up and, realizing that I still hadn't recovered 100% yet, said that I just needed a bit of assistance getting ready first.

I had her move up completely onto the bed, lying on her back, then straddled her ribs and lay my stiffening cock between her tits. She watched as I squeezed them together around it and slowly slid it in and out. The soft, smooth flesh, along with the visual of her pale tits, large pink areolas and hard nipples, had my cock reviving very quickly. It wasn't long before I was completely rigid, but I continued to fuck her tits for a bit longer, just enjoying the feel of it. When I asked her if she was ready to get fucked, she nodded so I told her to roll over onto all-fours as I grabbed a condom from my desk and rolled it on. I ran my hands over her awesome ass before guiding my cock into her slick pussy, both of us moaning as I slid all the way in until my hips were pressing against her ass. I held her hips and started to slowly slide my cock in and out while she dropped her head onto my comforter and pushed back against me.

Her pussy felt indescribable as I slid in and out of it, though hot and wet would have been the first words to come to mind if I'd been capable of thought at that moment. I couldn't imagine a better feeling than sliding my cock in and out of her and vowed to do it whenever possible from this point forward. I ran my hands up over her ribs and down to fondle her swinging tits as my hips continued to bump her ass, gently pulling her hard nipples between my fingers. I think having cum already definitely improved my staying power so I felt like I could fuck her for a good long time, but my goal was not just my own pleasure; I wanted Karen to cum again, too. I ended up slipping one of my hands down through her golden bush to find her clit and lightly stroked it as I continued to fuck her. She immediately started moaning loudly again while pushing back harder against my incoming thrusts. Even through the condom I could feel her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged, just as it had right before she came when I was going down on her.

I kept gently stroking her clit even as I felt her body shaking while she came, then pulled my hand away and slipped out of her once I was sure she'd finished. I had her roll over onto her back and gave her body the once over again before lowering myself on top of her and slipping my cock back into her hot, slippery pussy. I brought my lips to hers as I started slowly sliding my cock in and out of her again, her soft breasts pressing against my chest. We were quickly making out passionately as I fucked her and she raised her hips to meet each of my thrusts. Her hands were down on my ass, massaging it and pulling me in deeper and her legs were splayed as wide as she could manage. I was pleased that I'd been able to make her cum again but, as I continued to slip in and out of her hot, snug pussy, I could feel my own second orgasm beginning to approach. Her pussy felt so incredible that I would love to have fucked her a lot longer that night but, also because it felt so incredible, there was no possible way that I'd be able to.

I enjoyed her pussy for as long as I could before my orgasm could no longer be delayed and I erupted with a moan of pleasure into the condom. Once I was spent, I slipped my cock out of her and lay beside her without even stripping off the condom. We kissed a bit and I couldn't resist fondling her tits and nipples and caressing her blonde curls as we lay together. We both agreed that, although unexpected, this incident was very welcome and that we should have similar get-togethers as often as possible. As the semester went on, we ended up having sex pretty much on a nightly basis other than during certain periods each month but even then we managed to make do. She still liked to go and sleep in her own bed except for the occasional weekend sleepover and, even though we didn't try to keep our activities a secret, we didn't ever date. She had her friends and her interests and I mine but the only thing we really seemed to have in common was the desire to fuck each other silly. It really was a mutually rewarding arrangement.