 As I was getting ready to head over to the Blues Festival, I never imagined that this was the day I would meet Karen and become her bitch.

My name is Bob Harris. I'm 5 feet 7 inches tall, a little over 150 lbs., tan, blond hair, blue eyes, and with three gym workouts a week, I have a smooth 'swimmers' build that I am proud to show off.

A buddy picked me up to take me over to the Fair Grounds where the Festival was being held. When we got there, we split up, to better check out the 'talent.'

As I wandered around, I saw four biker chicks standing near the sound platform. My eyes immediately settled on one of them. She was the most striking woman I had ever seen. I couldn't take my eyes off her.

She wore tight jeans, a leather biker jacket, and boots. She was a head taller than any of the women she was with. She looked to be at least 6 feet tall without her boots, 6 feet 3 with them, and with the pads in her jacket, she had shoulders you could land a plane on.

I walked up behind her and looked up. She was huge. I've always been attracted to big women, but she wasn't just big, she was beautiful. 

After the band had played a couple numbers, she turned around and almost knocked me over. She looked down, then smiled, and said in a very husky voice, "Why hello there handsome."

She had a fantastic smile and her voice had me trembling. I mumbled a few words. Mostly I just stood there with my jaw hanging open.

She continued to smile and we began to talk. She was so easy to talk with.

We must have talked for half an hour. She told me her name was Karen, and I told her mine was Bob, but she called me Bobby from the start. 

We were standing in the sun and it soon got to be pretty warm. She took off her leather jacket.

Her arms were huge. You might not be surprised to see arms that size on a male body builder, but on her they were very impressive.

A red halter barely contained her full breasts and it was obvious that what I had first believed were shoulder pads was actually all her.

As we stood there talking, I was shuffling around and must have looked like I was getting a little tired, because she put her hands on my waist and lifted me up as if I was a little child and set me down on the riser of the sound platform.

She did it so effortlessly, I don't think she realized she was even doing it. While we continued to talk, she stood inside my spread legs. She very naturally assumed a dominant posture. 

She raised her arm up to brush back her hair. I must have been staring at her muscular bicep, because she smiled and said "Little man, I think we should go to my place."

She lifted me off the riser, put her arm around my waist, and walked me to her motorcycle. I climbed behind her on the motorcycle and put my arms around her to hold on. Karen was definitely not a small framed woman packing a lot of muscle. Her large frame matched everything else about her.

When we got to her apartment, she put on a Blues CD, got me a glass of wine, and said she was going to take a shower to wash off the Festival dust.

When she came back into the room she was naked. I just wasn't prepared for the awesome sight she presented. She had to weigh at least 200 lbs. Every bit of her body was 'off season muscle' packaged in fantastic female curves.

The muscles in her thighs and calves flexed as she walked across the room. It was also obvious she didn't waste money on bikini wax. She had the thickest bush I'd ever seen, and sticking out from that bush was a very large clitoris. 

Again, I must have been staring, because she said "Don't look so intimidated Bobby, I'll bet yours is bigger than mine."

She then told me to take a shower. When I came back out, I had a towel wrapped around me. 

She said "Come over here and let me have a better look."

She led me over to a full length mirror and stood behind me. As I stood in front of her powerful muscular body, I looked like a little boy. She put her hands on my shoulders, then lowered her head and kissed me on the neck.

She pulled off my towel and smiled. "You are certainly a little guy, but you'll do just fine. And see, yours is bigger than mine." 

Yes it was, but not by much. Although, I'm only a little over 5 inches hard and not very thick, I've never had any complaints. In fact I think the girls like me because I don't try to intimidate them and I work very hard to please.

Karen pulled me down on the couch. She completely over powered me and turned me every way but loose. Her large hands were all over me. She asked me if I found her muscles attractive. When I said I did, she got up and began to pose. 

She flexed a bicep and told me "Go ahead little man, feel it."

I reached for her muscular bicep and began to massage it. Karen flexed it again and again. My own arm was half its' size.

After about a minute, I was embarrassed when I realized that my small hand was still caressing her huge arm.

Karen lifted me over her broad shoulders and carried me into her bedroom. I could feel my dick getting hard as it rubbed between her large naked breasts.

She laid me down on the bed and mounted me doggy style. She pounded and rubbed her clit on my ass for fifteen minutes and had one orgasm after another.

Then she laid on her back and said "Bobby, I don't think your cute little dick is what I need right now. Show me you know how to use your tongue." 

I put my head between her massive thighs and went down on her huge swollen clit with a vengeance. It didn't take long before she had another orgasm and then another. After about ten minutes Karen gently pulled me up.

I told her I wasn't done yet, and she said "Oh yes you are. But don't worry little man, you'll have plenty of opportunities to do that again."

She patted the mattress beside her and told me to lie on my back.

"Bobby, I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before" she laughed. 

She pushed my knees up to my chest, and with my legs in the air, she fucked me like I had fucked every woman I had ever been with.

I loudly moaned and met every one of her thrusts, moving my body in sync with her. When she was done, she smiled and said "Bobby, what you lack in size, you certainly make up for in enthusiasm." 

Karen laid on her back, pulled me close to her, and held me in her powerful arms. She was right, she had fucked me like I had never been fucked before.

There was no question, Karen was all woman and I was her bitch.