 Jump forward to Thursday night

This was everyone's last night. Bill and I were headed home around lunch and Karen was to leave later that day. Karen wanted a big send off to go home with and asked if Bill and I would join up with her again.

Karen's company had a dinner Thursday evening and she could not get away until after 9 pm. Bill and I went to dinner, had a few drinks and went back to our rooms to wait for Karen.

I had settled into my normal hotel routine, naked and reading Penthouse Forum letters when the phone rang about 9:30. Karen had Bill with her and they were headed down to my room. I got up and started to put my pants on and thought to hell with it and stayed naked. 

They knocked on my door a couple of minutes later. Both of them started laughing when I opened the door naked with a semi-hard cock. They stepped inside and closed the door.

Karen was wearing a rain overcoat with stockings and 4" black heels. She opened her coat revealing that she was naked except for the black thigh highs. She stepped up to me, kissed me and pressed her body against me, I could see Bill in the corner removing his clothes as I removed Karen's overcoat. She continued kissing me as Bill walked up behind her placing his hardening cock in her ass crack. We kissed for a bit with me rubbing her tits and Bill rubbing her ass. 

She suddenly stepped away, kicked off her shoes and jumped on the bed. "I want both of you to fuck me at the same time again, but my pussy was too sore from both of you earlier. Never done it but I want one cock in my pussy and one in my ass at the same time."

I had told Bill about fucking her ass and he immediately called ass. He had never fucked anyone in the ass and want to do that. I said it worked for me.

Karen reached into her overcoat and pulled out a tube of KY Jelly - she was prepared this time. She told me to lay on the bed and leaned over to take my cock in her mouth. Bill was beside her now and she began to stroke him. After about a minute she crawled up on me and slid my cock into her extremely wet pussy. She let my cock settle into her and opened the KY, squirted some onto her hand and began to cover Bill's cock with it. Karen spread the excess on her asshole and laid flat on top of me.

Bill moved in behind Karen and started to try to put his dick in her extremely slick ass. The second time he pushed he slid into her pussy with me making Karen squeal with surprise. She reached around and got his cock aligned with her asshole. He began to slide slowly in to her ass. I could tell she was enjoying it from the look on her face. Soon he was all the way in her ass. I could feel the heat from his cock thru the membrane between her pussy and ass.

We began to slowly rock our cocks in and out of her. It was not long before her breathing quickened and she clenched my cock with her pussy. I am sure the same was happening to Bill's cock in her ass. She impaled herself as far as she could as the orgasm swept over her.

We began to move in and out of her more quickly. Bill came first, his head whipping back as he plunged deep into her ass pumping it full of cum. I followed quickly pumping cum into her pussy. We rolled apart and laid on the bed. Bill looked ast her and said that was amazing, never felt anything so tight milking my cock.

Bill soon got up, dressed and left. Karen rolled over on her side and I curled up behind her. I could feel the wet spot that had started underneath her. We soon fell asleep with my cock nestled in her ass cheeks.

I woke up about 3 am still curled up against Karen, but now with a hardon. Her ass crack was still slick from KY and cum. Decided I wanted one more shot at her ass. Reached over and got the KY off the night stand and lubed up my hard cock. I placed the tip at the entrance to her ass and began to slide it in. She began to stir and not quite knowing what was going on tried to push me away and get off the bed. I flipped her on her stomach and drove my cock deeper into her ass. Soon she remembered where she was and quit resisting as I really began to pound her asshole. It felt so hot, cum and KY, so nasty. She reached beneath herself and began to finger her pussy. Since I had cum earlier, I lasted a while in her ass before I finally came. As I was finishing she was cumming on her fingers.

We both fell back asleep. When I woke up she was gone. A wonderful week that I will never forget.