 Karen had been waiting for this moment for over a year.  Here she was; in the Cascade forest all by her self; the further away from home the better for her.  She only worked part time at the bank, but working indoors for all that time had made her long for Mother Nature.  The sky was clear.  There was a fresh pine evergreen scent in the air.  The snow-capped mountains were majestic.  She couldn’t believe she was able to get so far from civilization; all she could hear were the birds and the occasional sound of marmot.  She had longed for the touch of her man at home, but he was always thinking of some reason why they couldn’t make love.  Every so often, about once a month or so, he’d surprise her and they’d have the most wild and passionate sex she could imagine.  Oh well, she always had her dreams at night to keep her company.

She had plenty of time.  No one expected her back for over a week and she planned to take advantage of every moment.  She pitched her tent between two small fir trees and laid out her gear inside.  She purposefully decided to choose a place she hadn’t been to before, as she wanted everything to be a new experience.  After nearly four hours it was dusk and she was ready to eat and then hit the sack.  Mmmmm, how nice and warm it was in her sleeping bag.  The weather was pretty nice, but you could definitely feel the nip in the air that told of the coming of autumn that had decided to arrive late this year.

After reading her book for a bit she decided to turn out the lights.  She always slept in the buff and this was no time to change.  She loved the feel of the flannel lining against her skin.  All she could hear were the crickets.  In no time she was sound asleep dreaming.

She woke up suddenly finding a strong hand covering her mouth.  Karen tried to wriggle free, but she couldn’t move.  The persons grip was tight though somehow she could tell that no harm would come to her.  Not a word was said, but the person covered her eyes with a bandana.  She could feel herself being lifted and taken outside.  Burr…the cold hit her skin hard.  She could feel her skin goose pimple all over; her nipples were hard as ice.  What was going to happen to her?  She was beginning to get excited having these obviously masculine hands all over her.

It seemed like over an hour to her before she heard a door being opened, the warmth inside enveloped her naked body.  A voice said, “You’re at our cabin now.  No one can hear you so there is no need to scream.  Will you be good if I let you go?”.  She nodded yes and all of a sudden she was set down onto the couch and her blindfold taken off.  As her eyes adjusted to the light of the room she began looking around noticing that the cabin was small and sparse but very comfortable feeling.  Finally her eyes came upon her “rescuer”.  He was in his thirties or near it with a beautiful smile and calming eyes.

Rich had been looking forward to his fishing vacation for a long time.  It had been such a long time since he’d gotten out deep into the woods.  Having been away from his wife for two weeks had made him hornier than you would believe.  He had seen Karen on his last foray to the lake and had decided that he would come home with a trophy of some sort be it a huge trout or a babe.  Seeing Karen he had decided that they would have a contest.  He would place Karen out in the middle of the woods and then turn around for five minutes then track begin trolling for her through the forest.

He told Karen of his plan to let her go and how he was going to hunt for her.  She was starting to get a little turned on by all the attention even though the situation seemed a little odd.  He blind folded her and led her out into the bright moonlight sky.  Her soft white skin glowed under the pale light.  She wouldn’t be hard to find; she shined like a glowing fairy in the night.

After about twenty minutes he stopped, took off her blindfold and turned around.  She knew she had only a short time before he would be looking for her.  She had no idea where she was but she did hear the river nearby that she had passed on the way to her camp.  She’d start there and maybe find her way back.  The moonlight being so bright helped her find her way easier than she thought she would.  In no time she had found the river.  She followed it up stream.  There should be a bridge somewhere, and all she had to do was cross it and she’d know exactly where she was.

Crunch!  He was nearby.  Should she allow him to capture her, or should she try to get away?  It had been so long since she’d last made love her horniness was getting the better of her.  She let out a little yelp.  The footsteps got quicker and were soon upon her.  There was Rich.  All five foot ten of gymnast stood before her.  The moonlight cast a dark shadow over his deep-set eyes.

She walked up to him, put her arms around his muscular neck, and planted a soft kiss on his lips.  His lips met hers, molding themselves to her.  Their tongues began to play.  Karen took his jacket off all while continuing her embrace.  Next came the shirt; it was a snap shirt; she ripped at it pulling it apart with one fell swoop.  Rich began to explore her neck with his lips.  Karen just leaned back and let him take her in.  Mmmmm!  The tenderness with which he kissed her sent shivers down her back.  He moved down, lifting her heaving chest.  One by one he kissed and caressed her sumptious orbs.  Soon her nipples were dark and hard, blood pulsing through them.  His warm lips felt good against her skin.  Mmmmm!  Now his lips followed down her chest.  They stopped just before her slit.  Rich began to lick in circles around her entrance with his soft tongue, getting closer and closer to its destination with each pass.

He took Karen’s pussy lips into his fingers and parted them, immediately flicking his tongue into her dark pink depths.  Oh my god!!  He’s grabbed a hold of her g-spot with his lips and suckled hard.  She couldn’t hold it in any longer.  She let out a loud, passionate moan.  Sensations began to well up inside her that she’d never experienced before.  The only thing she could do was to let him continue and experience the moment.  Here it comes…her first orgasm…she let’s out a howl.  Oh my!  This teasing is making her desperate for something, someone, to get inside her.

Karen reluctantly pulled up Rich as she got to his belt and let his pants down.  Oh my!  His cock is bigger than she thought it might be!  She lay backward onto the soft, mossy, forest floor, pulling him on top of her.  Rich could feel her outer labia with his bulging mushroom head.  And where there was an outer labia there was sure to be an inner and more!  His cock parted her pussy lips as he slowly penetrated her.  She could feel every ridge and vein against her muscles wall, and he got deeper and deeper inside her.  His motion was slow at first, but soon his motions were fast and furious.  His balls were slapping against her.  The animal instinct in her was coming out and she wanted it like the wolves of the night.  She stopped him.  Got on all fours and waved her now swollen pussy lips in the air.  He didn’t need anyone to tell him what to do.  He approached her from behind.  Slammed in his cock and began to piston into her hard.

They both couldn’t believe how much the other turned them on.  Rich grabbed Karen’s hips hard, and slammed held in tightly not pulling back.  Karen could feel his hot cum inside her.  Just the thought that she had made him come inside her sent her over the edge as she experienced another scintillating orgasm.  They both fell to the soft forest floor, each grasping the other.  They were in heaven.  She opened her eyes to look up at the moon.  Instantly she saw the glow of a hunters face.  In fact the more she looked the more hunters there were.  Their wild lovemaking must have drawn them in.  Karen loved Rich, but she wanted more, too.  She waved in the hunters.  In no time they were all naked as could be.  She could only dream what was going to happen next.