 To be named ambassador with absolutely no foreign service experience is overwhelming, to say the least.  I come from a small Latin American country and when a friend of mine was elected president, he asked what position I wanted.  Instead of opting for a Ministry, or a position in the Presidency, I thought an embassy would be great.  I would be away from the limelight, my kids were attending college in the States, and I still managed to have a few dollars in my savings account.  The hard part would be picking a country.

Although I love Italy, the dollar's performance against the Euro immediately eliminated the EU.  That pretty much left Asia and America to pick from.  Asia really never floated my boat, Australia, which appealed to me immensely, didn't have an embassy, and anything south of the Rio Grande sounded boring.  That left Canada and the US.  Honestly, the embassy in Washington, because of its importance had already been earmarked for somebody who actually knew what he was doing, but I was told Canada would be fine.  When push came to shove, politics intervened and I didn't get Canada either, and was finally sent off to Russia.

Russia was an important post for us.  They donated money to our country and forgave considerable amounts of debt.  Our presence there would be the first time in many years that our country had an operating embassy.  Years earlier the embassy had been closed due to budget cuts, but now the Russian government was strongly hinting that if we didn't open up again, the aid would be reduced.

I was sent to Moscow to get us up and running again.

I had told my wife that I should go on ahead and get somewhat settled down and then send for her.  I would be staying in a hotel, running around all day looking for a residence and office space, meeting with the foreign ministry and getting things set up to present my credentials.  She agreed.

I connected through JFK and landed in Moscow on Friday morning at around 11:00.  Although first class was great, I was still a little jet lagged.  As soon as I made my way off the aircraft, there was a stunning looking young lady on the jetway holding a sign with my name.  I introduced myself and was greeted by the protocol officer assigned to me.

I gave her my passport and claim checks and was whisked through the airport right to a waiting car outside with a driver.  Unfortunately, before saying good-bye, she deposited me in the car and told me the driver would take me to my hotel.

I arrived at the hotel, checked in and despite my desire to walk around and get my bearings, I simply collapsed on my bed and fell asleep for hours, awakening at 7:00 pm with a light knock on my door.  Turn down service.

By the time I grabbed a shower and decided to eat, it was 9:00.  I made my way downstairs and decided to see what restaurants I would find within walking distance of the hotel.  I'm sorry to report that my first weekend in Moscow was completely uneventful, despite my best efforts.  Obviously, not knowing the language posed a significant obstacle.

On Monday however, my luck changed.  After a quick meeting at the foreign ministry, I called two real estate companies and set up appointments for the afternoon to see some properties.  I decided the residence would be the priority.  Ivan, the first agent, spoke English fluently but he and I just didn't see eye to eye on what I wanted or expected.  Nikolai, the second agent was great.  He was completely fluent in Spanish and completely understood what I was looking for right off the bat.

24 hours later, I had rented a beautiful apartment for my residence and two days after that I found great office space to open our embassy, both through Nikolai.  In fact, surprisingly, both rent amounts came in just under budget, which my foreign ministry was ecstatic about.  Seeing as how the negotiations had concluded well, I decided a celebratory drink would be in order with Nikolai.  He took me to a very comfy bar about 20 minutes away from my hotel and we started drinking vodka from the get go.  After we finished the first bottle, he confided in me that he needed a favor.  His sister-in-law was in desperate need of a job, and he wanted to know if I could hire her as a secretary at the embassy.  According to Nikolai she could type, she knew Spanish perfectly well, and she was taking English classes at night.  Apparently she had been living with him and his wife for six months and had been unable to find a suitable job, and she needed the money.  I told him I would put her at the top of the candidate list, and to send her to my hotel on Friday morning at 10:00 for an interview.

Karina called from the lobby promptly at 10:00 to say she was there and I told her to meet me at the hotel restaurant for coffee in five minutes.  As I entered the restaurant and glanced around, my eyes came upon a woman who should be modeling, acting, dancing, doing anything except secretarial work.  She was incredible.  Her posture at the table was PERFECT.  With her back straight against the chair, her black hair was shiny and gorgeous, her blue eyes captivated me, and her glistening lips drew me in.  Wow!

I introduced myself, ordered tea for both of us, and studied her resume.  She had an interior design degree and was fluent in Russian and Spanish, and was currently at a level four in English.  The last job the single 22 year old had held was assisting a Moscow architect in designing and decorating a small Russian coffee house chain.

As we sipped on our tea and got talking I convinced her that a secretarial position was really not what she was looking for.  She was over qualified for what I was looking for, which was pretty much a glorified receptionist.  My office budget was small, and as I was continuing, I could swear I saw her eyes misting up.  Aside from making me uncomfortable, the last thing I wanted was for this beautiful creature to slip away from me.  So I came up with a great idea.

"How about we put the secretarial position on hold, and I hire you right here, right now to furnish and decorate the residence and the embassy?"

Her gorgeous eyes grew wide, the corner of her lips turned upwards to show an incredibly beautiful row of white teeth, and her breast swelled upwards, all leading to a gasp, "Really?!  Are you serious?!

"Yes.  What do you say?"

"Oh Mr. Ambassador, thank you thank you thank you!  This is marvelous!!!!  I can't believe it!"

"Well, I'm glad you accept.  What do you say we get started immediately?"

By the time I went to show her the residence and the office, it was lunchtime, so I asked that she take me somewhere nice, but not touristy.  We landed at a cozy out of the way restaurant and had a great meal.  As we conversed I grew more and more convinced that Karina would resolve all my short-term problems.  I asked her to accompany me to a car dealership so I could purchase the new embassy car, and after choosing a new Volvo, and finding out that it would take several days for the tax papers to come through the foreign ministry and ministry of finance, Karina suggested we rent a car.  It would be a lot cheaper than getting a taxi everywhere, and we could do a lot of legwork over the weekend.  I was all for it.

By nightfall Karina dropped me off at the hotel and I told her to take the car home and pick me up on Saturday at 10:00 so we could go shopping.  She was thrilled that I trusted her with the vehicle, said her good byes and was off into the darkness.

Karina again showed up at 10:00 sharp however this time the business attire she had worn yesterday for the interview had been shed to skin tight, hip hugging jeans, which rode incredibly low, and a blouse which accentuated her breasts beautifully.  She suggested that seeing as how it was Saturday, and traffic was a little lighter, that I should get behind the wheel and practice driving in Moscow, the "Russian way".  Make a long story short, Karina and I finished up buying the bedroom, living room and dining room furniture by 4:00 pm.  We were exhausted and famished.

After leaving the last store we went to eat at another cozy little restaurant and whined down.  Karina was excited about everything we had bought that day, but complained how her feet were killing her.  Because I was in a restaurant and couldn't offer a foot massage, I did the next best thing...."How about a drink?"

"Are you sure Mr. Ambassador?"

"Absolutely, we deserve it."

With that she ordered a bottle of vodka (what else) and we drank while we swallowed our appetizers and worked through our lunch, which was actually pretty tasty.

Much to my surprise, Karina hung with the big boys.  This Russian drank her vodka neat, ounce-by-ounce, and grimaced at my way of drinking it on the rocks.  But she hung on drink for drink without a sign of getting buzzed, and no going to the bathroom!  This was a girl I would like to get to know.

Unbeknownst to me, as I was engulfed in my conversation with Karina, the waiter removed the empty vodka bottle and replaced it with another.  By the time we caught on, we simply shrugged and continued drinking.

Almost halfway through the second bottle a little signal went off in my brain that warned me that I had had enough.  I ordered the check, paid the bill, and left for the hotel.

Karina said it would be a sin to leave the half bottle that I had already paid for in the restaurant and that we could finish it later.  Fine.

As we got back in the car, she asked if we would be calling it a day, to which I responded that I didn't see why we couldn't continue, but that I had to go to my hotel room to freshen up.  "Perfect," she said.

By the time I entered my room I had to pee like a racehorse.  I made a beeline to the bathroom and told her to make herself at home.  When I was done, and had brushed my teeth and washed my face, I came out of the bathroom to see Karina with her boots off rubbing her feet.  On the table next to her was a bucket of ice and two glasses.  My drink was already served.

Huuuum.

"You have no idea how much I've been wanting to do this all day" she said.

"I can imagine"

I thanked her for my drink, and sat on the other chair next to the table.

"So what would you like to do tonight?"

I almost choked when I heard her and said, "What?"

"You know, its Saturday, you're alone in a big new city, what would you like to do?  Would you like me to show you around?"

"Oh Karina, that's really nice of you but I would hate to impose.  You're a stunningly beautiful young lady, and I'm certain you have better plans than to be with a 41 year old man like myself."

"Don't be foolish.  I assure you you don't look or act your age, Mr. Ambassador, and any girl would be honored to have you be her escort."
BANG!

"Well, thank you, and what do you have in mind?"

"Anything....in fact I know a few places we could go where you will enjoy yourself."

"Well, I want us both to enjoy ourselves, ok?

"No problem."

With that we polished off the remainder of the bottle and she excused herself to go home and change and said she would return in two hours.

She was a little late but she was "off the clock" so to speak so it didn't matter.  Our first stop was at a club that had a line at least half a block long.  The only think I enjoy about clubs is sight seeing.  What I hate about clubs is the volume of the music, the smoke and inevitably being obligated to dance.  She asked for my diplomatic ID and showed it to the bouncer and we were immediately let in.

Now this was a club.  It was huge, the music was loud but surrounded us, and the sound quality was out of this world.  The lights and lasers where incredible, and the people, ahhh the people.  Beauty was everywhere.

Karina grabbed my hand and let me to the bar, where apparently she decided that the two bottles of liquor we had downed earlier just wasn't enough.  She shot her drink down her throat and she led me to the dance floor.  Not only do I hate to dance, but dancing to music I have never heard before is even worse.  Never the less, I seemed to get into the groove so to speak and just decided to follow Karina's movements.

We danced until I thought I would pass out from a massive heart attack.  Why is it that the music never ends or stops?  It's continuous!

Of course, this led to another drink, and then more dancing.

After thirty more minutes on the dance floor, I had had it.  I suggested another drink and was able to actually rest for five minutes.  I think she sensed my desire to slow down and suggested we leave.

As we got back into the car, we headed for another club she said I was certain to enjoy more.  Oh goody!  Another club.

This one was different though.  It had three different atmospheres, there were cocktail tables where one could actually sit down, and I actually did enjoy it even more.  Of course, as I mentioned earlier, there are very few things I enjoy more than looking at admiring beautiful women, and there was a plethora of them there that night.

"Your quite a looker, Mr. Ambassador."

"Pardon me?"

"Not a single woman has passed by that you have not stared at from head to toe."

"Karina, I'm terribly sorry, but I'm afraid I'm a fanatical admirer of the female species."

"Oh..and what does your wife say about that?"

"I think she's learned to live with it."

"Really?"

"Really."

"And what is your type, Mr. Ambassador?"

"Type of what?"

"You know, woman?  What type of woman are you attracted to?"

"You would be surprised to hear how ample my range is.  I really like all types."

"Forgive me Mr. Ambassador, but as they say in America, that's B.S."

"Excuse me?"

"Everyone has a type."

As we were getting more and more drunk and the night progressed, I decided now would be the moment to call it a night.  I paid the bill and was off to the hotel.

When we got in the car, I asked her what her type was.

"My last boyfriend was ten years older than I was."

"And???"

"Well I enjoy older men for some very basic reasons," she said as she giggled.  "Primarily, they are more secure of themselves, you don't have to feed their ego all the time, you know?

"Uhuh."

"Secondly, they are economically stable, which means we can enjoy doing certain things that I could never do with a guy my own age.  And thirdly," and now she broke out into a strong, heartfelt laugh which I had not been privy to since I had met her, "you know?!"

"I know what?"

"The sex.  The sex is a million times better.  They know what their doing!"

And with that said Karina went off into a drunken giggle and laughter bout that seemed never ending.

"What's so funny?"

"I just can't believe I'm having this conversation with you, its weird....BUT, and I mean BUT, very true.  You might think I'm drunk.   And I am, but everything I'm saying is true."

Of course with that said, I couldn't let her drive the car home and I had no idea how to get back from her apartment to the hotel, so I suggested we go back to my place and I would get a cab for her.

"Your crazy....I wouldn't catch a cab in Moscow at 3:00 a.m. alone if my life depended on it."

Now I was faced with leaving the car at the hotel, taking a cab with her to drop her off, and then going back to the hotel.  And then I decided to just screw it, and toss caution to the wind.

"You can stay in my hotel room.  No problem."

Expecting something else completely, I was surprised to hear her say, "Perfect."

And with that the valet parked the car and we went upstairs.  I let her get the bathroom first while I took my clothes off and put a robe on.

Apparently, she had decided to take a shower, and let me tell you, it seemed like hours.  When she finally came out in a towel that came down to just above her knee and her long hair dripping wet, she was a sight to see.  I decided a shower was also a great idea.  I scrubbed myself clean like there was no tomorrow.  I brushed my teeth, took a deep breath, and came out of the bathroom.

She was asleep dam it!  The TV was on, all the lights were off, and she was almost snoring.

I decided to be rude.  I turned the TV off, I turned all the lights off, and practically threw myself on the bed and got under the covers.  Success!  She stirred a little, and then came closer to me, until she snuggled up completely against me and threw her right leg over me, effectively resting her leg right smack on top of my cock, which was as naked as the day I was born.

I placed my right arm under her and embraced her against me.  She was naked.

I could feel her breasts against my bare chest, and my right hand slowly, softly found its way to that tight ass of hers.

Of course, as my body experienced these sensations, my cock started getting hard, which did not go unnoticed by her.

Karina slowly pressed her leg against my erection, and then very, very slowly, started to upward and downward motion.  As this continued for minutes on end, at the point I thought the skin on my cock would explode if it got any harder, she slowly made her way down under the covers and took me in her glorious, wet, warm mouth.  She cupped my balls, and started a process of adoration to my cock never before experienced by me.  In fact, the feeling was so intense, I decided to throw the covers off us so I could get a first hand look.

Calling it a blowjob wouldn't seem right.  This was not something she felt she had to do, and wanted to get out of the way.  She was simply one of those women who love to suck cock.  She played with it, she licked it, she sucked it, she savored it.  I was so into it, I had completely neglected her, and I was so focused on what she was doing to me that I didn't appreciate the physical beauty before me.  Her silhouette was magnificent, but I wanted the whole image.  I leaned over and turned on the lamp on the night table and was soon in awe of the creature before me.  Her long, lean legs where perfectly sculpted, and that ass I had seen in tight jeans looked even more delectable when it was naked.

I gently nudged her to towards me, and lifted one leg over my body so we could enjoy each other simultaneously.  Her cunt was beautiful.  Absolutely no hair, anywhere.  Her lips were gorgeous, and everything was exactly where it should have been.  No unsightliness.  Even her asshole was a beautiful pink.

I slowly started licking her lips, first one, then the other, and teased her by running my tongue over her clit for a brief second, then delved into that marvelous tunnel of hers, but truth be told, I was uncomfortable.  I knew I wasn't doing my best work.  I nudged her off me, laid her on her back, kissed her mouth, and then made my way southward.

He breasts where perfect.  In fact, of all the women I've been with, she had the best tits I had ever seen.  They were probably a 34C.  Of course, at the youthful age of 22, without the strain of childbirth and or breast-feeding, they where perfectly formed.  I first licked and then slightly nibbled on the underside of the breast, working up to finally taking the nipple into my mouth and softly playing with it.  She seemed to enjoy it, but then pulled me towards her and began kissing me again.  As we engaged like this, I allowed my hands to wonder downward and softly stroke her pubic area.
Guys, as you know, there's nothing like a fresh shaven cunt.  Smooth as can be.  I teased her for a while, and then started stroking her clit, and as I sensed she was getting into it, I stopped, and wandered my way down slowly to her neck, then her tits, then her sides, then her belly button, then her mound (avoiding the clit), and then proceeded all the way down to her beautiful toes.

As I came up again and took her engorged lips into my mouth, she thrust herself forward, wanting me to come in contact with her more sensitive clit, but I would have none of that.  I continued nibbling on the nether lips, then introduced my tongue into her tunnel, and then, just for a brief moment, teased her clit.  As soon as I licked it, she let out a guttural moan that just lit me up.  When I stopped and was making my way back to her lips, she said, "Please.....please let me cum."
