 "You're serious," said Karen. "You actually did this. You jerked off in a stall, in the men's locker room, at the gym?"

"Yeah," I replied. " I did."

"Why?" she asked. "Weren't you afraid of getting caught?"

"Of course. But I was careful. And quiet."

I had just told Karen about a repeating fantasy I had had about her. We had been together for several months now. I was feeling very comfortable with her and had wanted to tell her about an incident that had occurred many months ago, before we first got together.

"Couldn't you wait until you got home, at least?" she asked.

"I told you, I had to get to the office. I needed to shower first, and it just wouldn't go down. I didn't want to walk around with a full erection."

"I guess it would be kind of difficult to hide that big thing," she said, taking my cock in her hand and stroking it. It was true. It was big; very big, by some standards.

She had measured it a few weeks previously, just for fun, though I already knew what size it was. She had been very turned on by the whole measuring thing. "Wow," she had commented, "over 8 and ½ inches long and almost 6 inches around. No wonder it hurt the first couple of times." She had jokingly referred to me as "Big Dick" for the next few days.

"And this was all because of a fantasy about you and me?" she asked.

"Yeah. I told you that I had had a hard on for you since the first time I saw you. I was headed to the locker room that day when I noticed you, bent over the bench, doing a set of one handed rowing. You looked exactly like the fantasy I had enjoyed the night before. Seeing you and remembering the fantasy trigged my response. I sat in the lounge and flipped through a magazine for ten minutes, waiting for things to die down, but it was still hard and I had to get going."

The truth was, this hadn't been a solitary incident. Being around Karen, lusting after Karen, constantly fantasizing about her had made for a lot of very horny moments. Many times I had needed to take matters into my own hands. But I wasn't ready to confess everything to her. Not yet, anyway.

"Did it do the trick?" she teased.

"Sort of," I replied. "It was still big and floppy but at least it wasn't hard."

We were lying in bed. "Tell it to me again," she said. "But talk slowly. I'm going to rub myself while I listen to you." She leaned back and started stroking her clit.

"Alright," I said. "Are you ready?"

"Go ahead. But take your time. I want to enjoy this. And when you finish, I'm going to make myself cum."

"Sounds like fun."

"And then you're going to fuck my brains out," she instructed.

"Yes ma'am. Well, once upon a time..." I began.

"Don't be a goof," Karen said. "Tell it all hot and horny, like the first time."

"O.K. Like I said, we were at the gym..."

*************

I see you, sitting off in the free weights area, all alone. There are a lot of other people around but no one is near you. I busy myself, doing a few sets, stealing glances at you, trying to be discreet. You look so good. You always do. I have been watching you for months. We have spoken to each other several times but only casually. You don't know how I feel about you.

I feel my cock swell slightly as I look at you. You are wearing black nylon track pants and a tight, white, sleeveless top. You are reclined on the incline bench, bench pressing two 40 lbs. Dumbbells. The muscles in your arms and shoulders are pumped. Your tanned skin shows them clearly. With every repetition my cock grows a little harder. I see a beading of sweat on your face.

You finish the set and place the weights on the floor, then sit upright and take a sip of water. You glance my way and catch me watching you. Our eyes meet for several seconds and then you smile at me briefly and look away. 

You begin another set. I walk past you as you are pushing the weights up. There is an obvious bulge in my crotch but I don't care. I want you to see, to know how much I want you. I watch your eyes glance my way, see you notice the bulge, see you smile slightly. 

You finish the set and take another drink. I turn to you and say hello. You look at me and say hi, then glance at my crotch. "Nice pants," you say. We stare at each other for several seconds then you lean back and begin another set. I move away. 

Several minutes pass. I continue to watch you. You are reclining on the bench, resting. You look at me then motion with your finger. I see you smile and mouth the words "Come here." You watch me approach. As I get near your eyes drop to my crotch. I stand before you. Your grab my cock and rub the shaft slowly, then smile at me. You stand up and walk away.

We both continue to exercise. I let you see me watching you, let you see the lust in my eyes. Now you are bent over a flat bench, your left arm and knee placed upon it. You lift and lower a weight with your right hand. I stare at your ass while my cock stiffens. I imagine mounting you right there, thrusting into your tight pussy. As you set the weight down you lower your head and glance behind you, see me watching. You smile.

You take another drink, and then move towards the fire exit door. You open it, step into the stairwell and look back at me. The door closes behind you. I walk over and push the door open. You are seated on the landing above. I close the door, climb several steps, and stand before you. You grab my cock and squeeze, then rub it a couple of times.

Your hands reach up and slowly lower my pants. My cock springs up as you free it. I see your eyes go big and hear you catch your breath. I am fully erect. You smile and begin to stroke it. A bit of precum drips from the tip. You squeeze and stroke it for a while. You look at my cock and say, "I'm 30 years old and I've never been fucked by a big cock." You continue to stroke it as you look up at me, smile, and say, "Until now."

You stand up, lower your pants, and kick them off. The air in the stairwell is warm and still. I can smell your wet pussy. I lean in and kiss you softly, caressing one of your breasts. You whisper, "Fuck me."

I reach between your knees, grab your ass with my hands, and lift you. I am a foot taller than you and very strong. We kiss as you reach down and grab my cock, placing the tip against your wet lips. I gradually lower you onto me, feeling your pussy stretch. You moan softly as I enter, one two, three inches. You put your arms around me, feeling the thick muscles in my back.

I begin to fuck you harder, lifting you up and down, going a bit deeper with each thrust. I start to loose control. I push my full length into you and hear you wince. "Not so deep," you say.

We continue to fuck, oblivious to our surroundings. I feel your body tremble and hear you moan loudly. You are coming. As you relax, I pull out. You grab my wet cock and stroke firmly. "I'm going to cum," I whisper.

You take me in your mouth, swallowing half the length as I...

**********************

"Go down on me," I heard Karen say. I looked at her in the pale light. Apparently she was really enjoying the story. She pulled back the covers and pushed my head between her legs. The tips of my ears brushed her thighs as I licked her. I could feel her begin to tremble. Her legs clamped around my head as she came. After a few seconds she relaxed, then said, "Get up here and stick that big dick in me. Fuck me as hard as you can."

I moved over her and forced the full length of my cock into her pussy. "Oh fuck yes," she moaned. I pushed her knees up around here ears and started thrusting. "Harder," she said. "Fuck me harder."

"Yes, ma'am," I said. All in a days work, I thought, as the room started to spin.