 (This is sort of a cute nostalgia story I wrote a while ago. I'm fond of it and it's pretty short)

"It's been a while, Kat. You look great" I say. She really does look great. Kat and I dated in high school for about 6 months. Now, years later, at a mutual friend's wedding, she appears to have hardly aged. She always was tremendously cute, but she's gained a sense of style and presence that is difficult to put into words. Of course she is still a five foot tall blond and the cleavage of her rather full breasts is peaking out of her dress.

"God, so do you James" she says, hugging me. I hadn't realized how much I'd missed her until I feel her body against mine.

I wasn't her first boyfriend, but I was the first to see her fully naked, and get her off with my fingers. I even helped her achieve her first orgasm. She was shy about masturbation prior to me, but made up for lost time quickly. We spent a lot of afternoons in high school making out in her basement. She gave me hand jobs and licked me, but we never went further at the time, and eventually college separated us.

"Are you here alone?" I ask her. She nods. There aren't many high school friends here. I just happened to be visiting my mom this weekend, and came on a lark. Coincidentally "Lark" was a nickname I had for Kat, based partially on her last name.

"Would you care to dance?" I ask her once the floor starts filling. We've clung to each other figuratively. You never really get to talk to the bride and groom for more than a few minutes at weddings and we each know almost no one else. Additionally, catching up with an old friend is fun. I wonder if she feels the same sexual tension I do.

"You smell nice" she says, pressing against me as we dance. I keep my hands on the thin border between inappropriate and safe. She smells wonderful too. I wonder if she was hoping to meet, someone, anyone at this wedding.

"Are you single?" I ask. 

"I was. My divorce was finalized six months ago." I hear the obvious sadness in her voice, and truly feel for her. "We were only married two years. I knew he cheated on me when we were dating, but he could be so sweet to me and I figured he'd stop once we were married."

"And it didn't?" I ask.

"No. The final straw was his less than discrete affair with a friend of mine. Well I guess you'd say former friend. I moved out and filed for divorce and she moved in. My lawyer says I got a good settlement, but it's small consolation for failing."

"I hardly think it's your fault, Kat. It's his for cheating on a beautiful woman like you." I say. I know I'm flattering her a bit. My motives are mixed, but I do want to make her feel better.

"Thank you, you're sweet. I've been a bit gun-shy about dating since then. I mean I've gone out with a couple of guys but never really..." Kat trails off. I look in her eyes. "Maybe it was too soon, or I'm just having a hard time feeling comfortable. I'm so scared a guy will hurt me again, even when casually dating." I nod reassuringly.

We slip outside and go for a walk. The night air is cool and I give her my suit jacket to stay warm. I tell her how I'm single and am in no rush to get hitched. I mention my relationship that ended amicably a few months prior.

"It's smart that you're not in a rush to get married." She says. "I kind of feel like damaged goods. At least we didn't have kids!"

"I think it's good that you figured it out sooner rather than later." I say. "I suppose being a divorcee will be a bit odd for some guys, but on the plus side they'll know you're not one of those women who are desperate to get engaged!" She laughs at my somewhat weak joke.

She's staying in the same hotel as the reception. We make an excuse to go up to her room. We turn on the TV and sit on the bed, taking our shoes off. Neither of us is in a hurry to return to the reception. We now have an intimate setting with the person we would be talking to anyways, and the happy couple won't be missing us among their friends and relatives.

Somehow I get to talking about my sexual experiences. I edit certain parts, but she definitely encourages a good degree of details. My exploits encourage her to open up a bit about her college years. She tells me about losing her virginity, and the couple of other guys she slept with before meeting her ex-husband. She doesn't speak of any of them too fondly.

"Rick (her ex husband) was the best of them. But to be honest despite being good at sex, his touch always lacked that tenderness I felt with you. It often felt good but rarely special. Like I was just another woman he was sleeping with. Which was the truth so I guess it makes sense. And also..." She pauses.

"Yes?" I ask.

"I guess the cheating bastard deserves this; he was kinda small!" I laugh at her candidness. "Honestly, assuming I remember right, only one guy I was with was as big as you, and god knows he didn't know what he was doing."

My cock always gets hard when women talk about it. I wonder if she notices it through my slacks. She seems embarrassed by her confession.

"I've thought about you." I admit. "I sometimes wonder what it would have been like if we'd gone all the way. Or if things had turned out different and we'd stayed together."

"I've thought about those things too. Especially the sex part." She says giving me an unmistakably lustful look. We slowly lean in, and our lips make contact for the first time in a long time.

We move surprisingly slow. It's like high school all over again. Each inch of clothing removal is an accomplishment. I'm in no rush to get to the goal; I'm not sure I'm even getting there, so it's best just to enjoy the ride.

Eventually I'm down to my boxers; she's in a matching bra and brief thong. The thong is a novel experience on her, since they weren't in fashion at the time we were together. She's got a Tweetybird tattoo on her hip and a pierced navel. From rubbing her pussy through her panties I can tell she's learned the joy of at least trimming her pubic region.

I unhook her bra with far more deftness than I ever had in high school. Her tits are beautiful, pale white flesh topped by modest sized light pink nipples. My hands fill themselves with her flesh, and my mouth is soon worshipping her tits, sucking and licking the firm little buds.

She slides her underwear off as I watch. It's very sexy. She's got a modest "racing stripe" of blonde pubic hair. It's neatly trimmed and very sexy. I start to rub her swollen clit gently. She moans.

"Just like old times" she whispers and then giggles. The giggle turns to a gasp as I slide a finger into her dampness with far more skill than I ever had in old times.

While kissing her neck and breasts I add a second finger inside of her. She humps my hand. This isn't the virgin I used to get off with. She tenses up and explodes. I slide my fingers out, and notice they're drenched.

"Your turn" she says with a smile, pulling off my boxers. She pauses for a second as my erection is revealed, I'm sure she's comparing its size to her memory. It must match up ok, because soon she's licking it slowly.

Kat's learned a lot since I last had her tongue on my dick. It's quite good. I debate if I should or even can hold off the inevitable, or take other options.

"I have condoms," she says. I reply "Me too!" with a laugh.

I put on one of mine. We awkwardly try to judge the position each other wants. I roll on top of her, almost pinning her small frame down. She smiles. I rub my erection against her pussy. She shivers.

Slowly I enter her. She's tight. She's even tighter than I'd imagined in my fantasies. I pause. I realize that despite her arousal, she's nervous as hell, and it's making things a bit difficult. I kiss her neck, cradling her head in my hands. She holds my hips in her small hands.

"Its ok, I'll get used to it" she whispers. I'm afraid of hurting her, but press onwards. She gasps and moans... I'm pretty sure most of it is from pleasure. Soon I'm all the way in her. She's gripping the sheets tightly.

"Oh fuck!" she moans. Kat rarely swears.

It's too much for me. My orgasm comes like a torrent. Her pussy so tight, and fucking a girl I've wanted for years is too much for me. She feels me go off, and bucks her hips a bit to make it better for me.

I stay hard for a while after I come. In situations like this I don't often go soft at all in between the first and second climax. It only takes a few good strokes after my orgasm to give Kat one of her own.

A few moments later I dispose of the rubber and clean up in the restroom. When I return she's still lying naked on the bed. I kiss her lips gently.

We agree it was what we'd both hoped for. She tells me that six months is a lot of pent up sexually energy. I can't disagree.

I spend the night, and we make love enough times to lose track over the course of it, including a chance for me to taste her pussy. We sleep a bit, but frequently wake each other up to have sex. It gets heated and passionate at times, but mostly is tender and romantic.

Finally we take separate showers and dress. Our lives are on opposite coasts. The idea of dating doesn't even come up, but we promise to stay in touch. Finally after one last hug and kiss goodbye, and she's gone in her taxi to the airport and I'm left with a memory and her faint lingering aroma.

Thanks for reading, and if you enjoyed my story I hope you take the time to vote or leave feedback. I'm always curious what people like and dislike.