 KAT

Friday, finally, it was over. The funeral for my wife seemed to last all week, but with the spreading of her ashes in the sound everyone could go home. The in-laws had a two day drive, my daughters, their spouses, the grand kids all were ready to return to their lives. I turned around and there was only Kat. She had known my wife, Mary, since they were 5 years old. They were best friends. I met her just before Mary and I got engaged, over 40 years ago. She was a brides maid in our wedding. Mary and Kat had stayed friends thru all the years even though they were separated by the entire country and Kat had gone thru several marriages. 

Kat smiled and said, "Ahh, quiet. Would you like some help cleaning up?"

"Sure, but first I am going to get out of this suit and tie and into a pair of shorts."

"I will get more comfortable too."

Kat slipped into the guest bedroom and I went to mine and changed. We both came out with shorts and tees on and set to work cleaning up all the food, loading the dish washer and some general pickup. I poured us a glass of wine and we went out on the deck and just listened to the wind, the water, watched the boats on the sound and the sun set. Not much was said.

Finally, I broke the silence. "Kat, I am going to tell you something I have never told anyone else, including Mary. Do you remember when we first met all those years ago.?"

"Yes."

" I saw you and almost decided to break up with Mary so I could pursue you. I didn't because I figured you would have nothing to do with me after breaking up with Mary, but it took me several days to talk myself out of it."

"You didn't think that, did you?"

"I sure did, but never acted on it."

"Well, you and Mary had a successful marriage, better than I have, but as long as we are talking about that time, you should know that I was insanely jealous of Mary when you and her got engaged. I wanted a man as good as Mary got. Guess I never found him."

We both turned back to watching the water. I got us another glass of wine and our conversation turned to other topics.

After a while, Kat tossed down the last of her wine, stood and said. "Good night Bill, sleep well." and headed to bed.

About a half hour later, I finished my wine, slipped into my bedroom, undressed and crawled into bed.

Just as I was drifting off, there was a gently knock on the door, "Bill, are you awake? I need to talk."

"Come on in, are you alright?"

Kat came in and sat on the edge of the bed. "Don had a stroke several years ago and he hasn't touched me since. I miss that intimacy. I know that Mary and you could not have sex because of her disease. I don't want to sleep alone tonight. May I crawl into your bed with you tonight?"

"You can, but you should know that I sleep naked."

Kat crawled into bed. We both laid there staring at a ceiling we could not see. Slowly, she rolled over and curled up to me. "Bill, please make love to me."

She sat up, pulled her tee and shorts off, then cuddled up to me again. Her breast was against my chest, her leg was over my cock. Her face and hair were nestled in my neck. I reached over, lifted her face and gently kissed her.

"Bill, I wished you had."

"Wished I had what?"

"Broke up with Mary, you would have gotten lucky on our first date."

I thought, oh shit.

I reached over and found her breast and nipple. I started to pinch and roll her nipple. She turned her head and kissed me. Her tongue reached into my mouth and our tongues began to dance together. I continued to roll her nipple, pulling it, pinching it, cupping her breast, then returning to her nipples. She moaned into my mouth.

She reached down and found my hardening cock. She gently stroked it, squeezed my balls, began stroking it every so slowly. We kissed harder. I pulled her head against me as we continued to kiss. I pinched her nipples harder, she stroked my cock faster. 

She suddenly sat up, crawled over me, and slowly lowered herself on my cock. Damn, it felt good. She let out a soft moan. As she bottomed out, I heard a soft, "Fuck, that feels good." 

Slowly she began to hump my cock. I reached up and began to play with both of her nipples. Then, I reached around and grabbed the cheeks of her ass. That brought another moan. She slowed down as I played with her ass, running my hands all over her ass and rosebud. Her moans intensified. She leaned down and allowed me to kiss, suck and bite her nipples. My hands kept playing with her ass. She kept humping my cock.

She sat up and started fucking me harder. I reached down and found her clit and started rubbing it. Her moans got louder. "Oh fuck, I need this. I'm going to cum. Fuck, I'm going to cum NOW." She fell forward and I held her as she came. I laid still, let her come off her high before starting to hump into her again. Suddenly, I was there, my balls churning, I could feel my cock getting bigger and then I exploded into her.

We both lay there catching our breath. She crawled off of me, cuddled up to me, kissed me and we drifted off to sleep in each others arms.

When I woke Saturday morning, Kat was sucking my cock. I looked down, she looked at me and kept sucking. I reached over, found the entrance to her pussy and shoved two fingers in. She moaned. I quickly found her G spot and started rubbing, she started sucking harder, my thumb found her clit, she started squeezing my balls. We were both moaning, I tried holding off, but suddenly erupted deep down her throat. She came all over my fingers.

We got up, we both pee'd and then we showered together. I pulled on a pair of gym shorts, she pulled on a long tee. I cooked breakfast, bacon, eggs, toast, OJ. All during breakfast, her foot was up my shorts, teasing my cock. I ran my foot up her leg and tried to get my toe in her pussy. We laughed and talked about everything and nothing. We finished breakfast and I made us coffee. We kept teasing each other. I pinched her nipples, she rubbed my cock.

Suddenly, I bent her over the kitchen table, pulled her shirt up and rammed my cock in to her pussy. She looked over her shoulder and laughed as I pounded her pussy. I smacked her ass, then rubbed it, her rosebud in front of me. I continued to pound into her, her laughter changed to moans. Her pussy began to tighten on my driving cock. I reached down, stuffed my finger up her ass and she came while looking over her shoulder. Her eyes were huge. I came again, then pulled out. Once again, we had to catch our breath.

She turned kissed me, said, "No one has stuck me in the ass. It hurt and then felt good and when I came, I could not believe how good it felt."

We went out on the boat and cruised the sound. She took her top off and screamed, "Yeah." She reached down and rubbed my cock thru my shorts. I reached around her and played with her nipples. A couple of hours later we were back at the dock and putting the boat on the lift.

"I have never gone topless like that. I should be a nudist. That felt so good......and you playing with my nipples. I damn near came.""

It was late afternoon, we went up to the deck and I got us drinks. She stood, and stripped all her clothes off, pulled me up and stripped mine off. Then she cuddled up to me. As she slowly played with my cock, she said, "I leave tomorrow. We can never talk about this weekend again, but I will never forget it. Now make love to me."

We made love, first on the deck, then into the bedroom. I was surprised at my stamina, but continued to make love to Kat. We fell asleep wrapped in each others arms. In the morning, she woke me up by sucking on my cock, I pulled her around into a 69 and started eating her pussy. We both came together.

We showered, and dressed. We got to the airport. She wanted to just be dropped off at the baggage check in. She leaned over, kissed my cheek and said, "Bill, I will never forget this weekend, but we can never talk about it again. Mary would be so pissed at us and so would Don. You are a special man and like I said, I wished you had. Good bye."

She opened the door, got out, grab her luggage and walked into the terminal.

She called a couple of months later, asking if I was dating and getting laid. We laughed.

Last night, I got an e-mail from Don, Kat had died unexpectedly a couple of days ago. I sent flowers for her funeral and poured myself a bourbon, sat on the deck, and sent a toast to Kat. Tears ran down my cheek.