 I was going through a dry spell. Four months without getting laid, it was getting to me. My girlfriend had called and broken up with me shortly after the fall semester had started. So I was stuck at a college where I was used to ignoring most females that weren't my professors and concentrating on my grades so I could fly home and fuck my girl for months worth of frustration. So this semester my grades dropped a little, but I made a few 'friends', only got laid once cause me and her were both drunk out of our minds though. I didn't remember it, so I tend not to count it.

My standards weren't high, I just wanted her to be legally old enough, sober when I fucked her, and recognizably human. Which sadly, all three were impossible half the time in this place. It was December and everyone else had already left for their vacations with their families. I decided I'd wait an extra two days and take my time packing. Well, even taking my time left me about thirty six hours to waste before I had to hop a plane back to SC. After walking the halls, checking every doorknob to make sure they were locked. The ones that weren't I nosed around in the rooms, rarely found anything interesting though. Mostly just some porno mags with the pages stuck together.

Until I swung a door open and saw a gorgeous sight. She was freshmen, straight from highschool, I could tell cause she barely looked 18, and only freshmen leave their doors unlocked. She was only about 5'5, just a foot shorter than me, with a slender and tight body covered by nothing more than a black bra and she soon pulled on a matching thong; giving a quick view of her shaved snatch when she bent over. Long blond hair that had a few stripes of brown and red fell down her back. Facing away from me, I couldn't see her face, but with a body like that, I could close my eyes. I didn't say anything, just closed the door behind me. She jumped as the door latched and spun at me. "Who the fuck are you!?" she screamed and grabbed a hooded sweatshirt from the bed to attempt to cover her nearly nude self.

I grinned. Her narrow heart-shaped face was as lovely as her body with her big dark blue eyes, short upturned nose, and lips that practically begged to be kissed. "Sorry, didn't mean to scare you." She looked at me like I was insane. I walked around her to sit down on her bed. "I think we're the only ones here, might as well be friends." I told her.

"Only ones here? Yeah, everyone went home for Christmas" She comment, backing away from me, probably thinking I was going to rape her. "So who are you, and why are you in my room?"

"I'm sorry" I said through the grin. "I was lonely, so I was looking for someone to talk with... And you're door was unlocked" I leaned over on my knees. "I hope you don't mind me saying, but you are really gorgeous." I stood up and walked over to her, and she drew in a breath, and I saw her hand looking for something on the shelf behind her, most likely something to hit or stab me with. I stopped out of arms length, to make sure she didn't go off on me. I could by the toned muscles on her body tell she worked out a lot, and could easily knock me on my ass if I wasn't careful. I mean I didn't want to rape this girl, that would be a crime against nature to hurt such a beauty, but a lil force might be needed. "Since we're all alone here, except for a few professors and security staff, why don't I take you out to dinner?"

Her hand stopped searching when she figure out I wasn't going to rape her, and she visibly calmed down. "OUT to Dinner? Like an actual restaurant?" I nodded. She gave a half smile. "I haven't gone out since I came here." She stuck out her hand and said "I'm Kasie."

I shook her hand, she had a nice grip. "Jeremy, nice to meet you." After the introduction, I left, letting her get dressed. I went back to my room and changed into some nicer clothes. I was going to take Kasie out after lunch, make a day of it. I figured I might get lucky if we spend enough time together. I trimmed what had started to be a shaggy looking beard into a goatee, and straightened out my ear length hair. After putting on a pair of relatively loose black jeans and a black button down shirt. I grabbed my leather coat and went back down the hall.

I knocked on Kasie's door and she answered wearing a really tight pair of black jeans and a dark red sweater that showed off her figure nearly perfectly. "Hi." she smiled and said she's almost ready, that she just had to grab her purse and coat. When she came back out, she had a her purse and a tweed coat that looked only slightly shorter than mine. "You clean up nice." she smiled.

I thanked her and said "You look better half naked." She looked up and me and blushed. "Coarse you're sexy now too." I laughed. It was chilly outside, but the coats weren't necessary yet.

We chit chatted as we walked to the school parking lot, and my car. Found out she wasn't going home for the holiday, cause her family had put everything they had into sending her to school. and I explained that I bought a junker of a '73 Camaro my first semester, and got my friends in the auto-shop to use it as a thesis and they fixed it up for free. "So you drive home for the holiday?" she asked as she pulled the passenger door shut.

"All the way to South Carolina? No way." I answered as I pulled my seat belt on and started the engine. As we waited for the defrost to kick in and clear the windshield I continued. "I fly home, leave the car here 'til I get back."

"Doesn't it worry you that someone might steal it?" she asked with a cocked eyebrow. I told her that I fixed the head of security up with what is now his wife, and he keeps an eye on it for me. "You get around a lot here don't you?" she joked. as we drove away from the school.

"Not enough apparently, I didn't meet you until today." I attempted at charming her. We went to a movie first, her idea. I didn't pay much attention to it, as I kept trying to kiss her or get my hand between her legs. She'd laugh and tell me to stop, and I never did. Before the credits rolled, she did turn her head and kiss me, sliding her tongue into my mouth and drawing my own out. The kiss ended as the movie did and she drug me to the car.

Dinner was at this little known steak house I knew very well. we made more chit as we waited for our food, and I tried coming onto her at every chance I got. She never seemed to mind and rolled with the punches. When the food came it didn't last long. I got the feeling we both wanted to get out of the steak house and back to the dorms as fast as possible. We didn't make quite there at first.

Kasie was rubbing against me and standing on her toes to kiss my neck as we walked the parking lot. When we got to the car, she slipped between me and the drivers door, stopping me from unlocking the door. She grabbed the hand that I had my keys in and pulled it up to her exquisite mouth. I dropped my keys when she licked the backs of my fingers, and she laughed before sucking the middle one into her mouth.

She smiled around her finger at the expression on my face, and I felt her other hand undoing my belt, then the button on my pants and finally my zipper. My finger popped out of her mouth as she knelt down on the pavement, and pulled my boxers down and hooked the waistband under my scrotum. She cooed at my cock and wrapped her hand around the base. I watched in the dim light as she moved her hand back and forth before leaning forward and licking the tip gently. I moaned and she smiled "You like that huh?" she licked me again, drawing her tongue from the bottom of the head to the slit in the tip of my cock, and I sucked in a breath. "Well how about this then?" She said before engulfing the top three inches of my cock in her mouth and slowly moved her head down.

I watched her beautiful face as her head bobbed up and down on my cock, and tried not to moan as the tip was hitting the back of her throat. One of her hands was cupping my balls, rubbing them with the same rhythm as her mouth on my dick. I glanced down and could see her other hand was busy with her own crotch. "You don't have to do that I said." her blue eyes snapped open and she slid her mouth of my member, trailing a long stream of saliva and precum from her tongue to the head of dick.

"What did you have in mind?" she asked. I pulled her up from the pavement and sat her down on the hood of my car. We parked behind the building, and there was no moon that night. Still there was some danger we'd get caught. I didn't care, I wanted Kasie then and there and immediately. Our breath was visible in the cold as I tugged her tight pants down to her ankles, then off of one foot along with her shoe. She was sitting on her coat tails so her ass wasn't getting too cold. She had the same black thong on as before, and I could feel how hot her pussy was through the thin fabric. I pulled the crotch of her thong to one side and ran my fingers along her lips, electing a shudder from Kasie.

I moved closer to her, kissing her passionately as I pushed the finger she had previously sucked on deep into her. Kasie moaned into the kiss and shoved her hips at my hand. one of her arms wrapped around the back of my neck and pulled her to her, and the other went straight to my dick, and pulled it to were my finger was currently pleasuring her. I took my hand away from her crotch and brought it up to my mouth. She tasted delicious, but I contented myself to knowing I'd get to taste her lips to lips so to speak, before the end of the night. She was still holding my dick in her hand, and she rubbed the head of it up and down her slit, like her juices and saliva weren't enough lubrication.

I couldn't take it anymore and I lurched forward. Half my shaft sunk into her and she jumped in surprise and half moaned half whimpered. She was tighter than I had expected and groaned as her muscles gripped me. "Go ahead, push it all the way in." she breathed into my ear. I did as she asked, moaning as the rest of my cock into Kasie's cunt. I rested inside of her, letting both of use get used to the feeling of being together. She wrapped her arms around the back of my head and whispered to me that it was okay.

I started gently at first, pulling out of her and pushing back in slowly as she cooed and smiled at me. I kissed her as I started going faster, I was starting to worry slightly that someone would see us. I rubbed her clit with the hand that wasn't holding her to me as I pounded into Kasie's pussy so hard that the shocks on my car squeaked.

She was pushing her hips back at me and moaning before long. Her pussy squelching out juices as her orgasm neared. "Oohhh.. Oh.. OH! OH FUCK!" she yelled finally and her entire body spasmed violently, gushing more juices than before and gripping my dick. I pulled out of her as I started to cum and she slid back to her knees to catch the head of my cock in her mouth just after the first spurt caught her in the cheek. Kasie was still shaking as she sucked my dick to her throat and swallowed down my semen. When I was spent I scooped up the glob on her cheek and she sucked it off my finger. "That was great." she said, panting.

We dressed ourselves, got back in the car and I went as fast as I dared back to the dorms. Kasie and I made out all the way up the stairs to her room. We were constantly groping each other, and my cock was raging to get back inside of her by the time she pushed me back on her bed. We tore each others clothes off and she began kissing me, starting at my neck and working her way down. When she go to my cock, I willed myself to stop her. "It's your turn baby."

I got on my knees at the edge of her bed and pulled her to my face. Her shaven pussy smelled as good as it tasted. I drove my tongue into her hole and sucked on her sweetness, she gasped sharply and then moaned at my oral assault on her pussy. I twisted and twirled my tongue in and out of her cunt while I rubbed her clit with my thumb. "Unnnh.. that's good baby.. make me cum.. please" she begged me. I drove my tongue into her and sucked on her juicy love tunnel and took her clit between two fingers and rolled it hard under them. Kasie screamed and clamped her legs around my head as her pussy erupted into my mouth.

She pulled me back up to the bed and kissed her cream off my face. Kasie rolled me over and mounted me. She slid her cunt lips over my cock, smiling at me as she sunk onto my dick. I held her waist gently as she rode me up and down, her wet pussy gripping my dick; her inner muscles massaging my full length.

After five minutes Kasie was moaning with each breath and slamming her ass down in an attempt to get more of my dick inside her. Her arms were holding her upper body off mine as she leaned over, her rock hard nipples were rubbing against my chest. I was still holding her waist as we fucked and I was near cumming. I told her this, and she replied breathlessly "I don't care... Fuck me." She started riding me harder, pushing her body back and down onto my dick. I came first, spewing inside her, stream after stream making her scream. She sat up and pounded her body down onto mine, reaching orgasm short after I did.

Kasie laid down on top of my body, relaxing hers as her pussy kept milking me. "I'm really glad I met you today." I told her, catching my breath. She rolled her head to one side and smiled at me from my chest. She pulled herself up and kissed ed sweetly on the lips and said she was glad too. I pulled her blanket over us then she clapped and the lights went out and we went to sleep.

I awoke the next morning to the sound of Kasie singing to herself echoing down the hall. comfortable that no one was in the building, I got out of her bed and walked to the girl's showers. Morning wood was already standing in front of me, and when I opened the communal shower's doors and saw Kasie washing her gorgeous self off and singing, my cock only got harder. I walked up behind her as she leaned back to wash her chest and bent slightly to kiss her neck as the hot water cascaded over us. She moaned and pressed her ass back against me.

I grinned and bent my knees until my cock was aimed between her legs. Kasie bent over and offered her pussy to me. I picked up on her hips so I could stand and plunged my dick into her canal. She moaned loudly and put one hand on the wet tiled wall to keep what little balance she had. As I started pumping in and out of her, the water seemed cold in comparison to the inside of Kasie's wet cunt. She pushed herself back at me, driving my cock deeper while she rubbed her clit. It wasn't long before both of us were getting weak in the knees, and we sunk to the floor.

I twisted her around, never taking my dick from it's new home, and kissed her passionately as I started pounding into her pussy on the shower floor. She sucked my tongue nearly as hard as she sucked my cock the night before, and her pussy was gripping my dick like it didn't ever want me to pull out. Kasie was groaning and pushing her hips up at me from the hard tile floor. "Fuck me baby. Fuck me hard." she growled, and I had to comply. Her juices and the water from the showerhead splashed around our hips as I smashed my cock into her pussy.

Her hand was on her clit, rubbing it furiously until her pussy contracted tight around me. "Ohhh, God!" she screamed as her orgasm hit, making her pussy surge with wetness while it pulsed around my cock harder than ever before. I groaned, not being able to keep my own climax back and shot my essence deep inside Kasie.

We lay together, kissing each other until the water started to get cold. I stood and helped her off the floor before cutting the water. Kasie handed me a towel and said "Go get dressed okay? I wanna talk to you about something." Well, not wasting anytime, I dried myself off on my way to my room. I quickly put on deodorant, dressed, and headed back to Kasie's, just in time to see her pull on a pair of leopard print pajama pants. "Hi" she smiled and put on a sports bra. "Sit down if you want." she said and gestured to the bed as she rolled on her Secret extra dry. I did and she sat sideways on my lap and kissed me on the cheek "Remember how I said I don't go home on the holidays?" I nodded. "Well, I don't want to be here all alone." I nodded again and nearly frowned, thinking she was going to beg me to stay with her, and I'd have to say no. "Well, can I go home with you?" she surprised me and gave me her best pouty baby look.

How could anyone say no to those beautiful blue eyes? Not to mention the prospect of making my whoring ex jealous while I fucked the hell out of Kasie all winter. After grabbing my bags and helping her pack, I called the airport and told them to cancel my ticket. Kasie sat in the passenger seat of my car with a huge grin on her face all the way back home, save the few times we stopped to sleep, eat, and have dirty sex in a motel, restroom, car, or side of the road on the ground. Sometimes we didn't even stop, and Kasie pleasured me orally while I drove on a clear highway.

That Christmas vacation was possibly the best I'd ever had, but that's another story for another time.