 "Let me come home." She nearly whimpers.

"Don't be like that. You know we could never make it work again." He chastises with a sad smile, his fingers tangling in his long hair as he scratches the side of his head.

"I could do anal again." She pleads, laying a delicate hand on his chest and staring up at him through coffee-caramel eyes. "At least once a week." His smile slips completely. His posture grows tight. He leans back ever so slightly.

"Don't do that." His flat voice shakes slightly. "That's what cost us this relationship. How could we ever trust each other again? We both deserve better. Don't say that." He takes her hand gently in his and carefully pulls it away from his chest. Her second hand joins the first and they grip his shirt. She steps in close, gazing up at him.

"We can do this. We can make each other happy again. There's so much to work through, but I can help you and you can help me. I can do this for you again. I want to do this for you again. Let us try... Let us try?" The last comes out a choked whisper. His body is ridged as she leans lightly against him, tense.

"You deserve better..." He whispers, feet shifting as he takes her shoulders gently and takes a slight step back. Her fists clench hard around the fabric of his shirt and she steps with him, crowding in close and pressing her cheek against his chest. 

"Maybe. But this is where I want to be. This is where home is. This is where I belong." He flinches. Struggling visibly, his hands slowly slip from her shoulders and his arms wrap around her delicate body. She releases his shirt and holds him fiercely. He bends over her slightly, enveloping her in his strong arms, squeezing her too tightly, crushing her against him, with never a complaint from her.

"I miss you. I miss you, but this isn't a good idea." He whispers into her thick, soft hair.

"I'll win you over. I'll show you. I'm going to find a place in town. You'll see." She murmurs faintly through crushed lungs. His arms let up slightly but she grips him tighter and keeps them firmly close. After a moment's hesitation his grip tightens slightly again. 

"This is a bad idea." He whispers, so quietly it might have only been meant for his own ear, yet at the same time his arms squeezed around her protectively.

* * * *

"Apparently you come here way too often." A musical voice teases from behind him. His long curls roll across his back as he turns from the drink in front of him to regard the beautiful, little woman pulling up a chair at the bar beside him. He can't help the smile that tugs at his lips as she fakes a scolding pout. 

"Do you really mind? Good food, good drink and good company." She rolls her eyes with a glowing grin and scoops up the menu in front of her.

"And what can I get you tonight?" The bartender asks while polishing a wine glass.

"Let's start with a raspberry margarita." She gives a little bounce in her chair. He laughs as the bartender walks away, leaning in to wrap his arm around her shoulders and steers her chin toward him to steal a quick taste of her lips. "What?" she asks feigning indignant. His grin grows as he leans in again.

"I love when you bounce." He murmurs, his lips brushing hers and then he kisses her again.

"Oh, do you?" She asks coyly, her eyes twinkling above her secretive little smile.

"Mmm. I do." His eyes look grey right now, like charged thunderclouds. She bites her lower lip and turns to the drink being set before her. He chuckles and turns himself to the menu waiting for him, but not before running a hand through her long brown hair that cascades nearly to her waist. A small shiver runs through her before she takes her first sip and then glances at her own menu.

They stay a couple of hours. Good food, good drink and good company indeed, setting them at ease. Her hand lingers on his lap. His hand caresses her hip. They steal a couple more kisses. They tease each other good naturedly and touches last a moment longer than they need to. Her smiles are captivating and infectious. They pay their tabs and slowly make their way to the doors. Once outside she leans into him claiming the early summer evening is too cool. He scoffs slightly at her lie but holds her close. After a moment she looks up at him.

"Come home with me this time." 

"You sure we're ready for this?" Her reassuring smile coaxes one from himself and he squeezes her affectionately. "Okay."

They call a cab and by the time it arrives they stumble into the back seat kissing heavily. She pants her address between hot kisses and heavy hands and moans lightly, tangling her hands in his hair as he trails feather light kisses down her neck, sucking ever so slightly from time to time. Hands and lips roam with the shadows of memory and renewed and rekindled curiosity and unbridled desire. Were her lips always this soft? Were his shoulders always this broad? Did her body always meld to his so perfectly? Did his touch on the skin of her hip always send this shock through her? Their passions climb, their hands explore, until a self-conscious cough up front interrupts them. He hastily passes a generous bill up front and they scramble from the back seat.

She leads him by the hand toward the front door. He pulls her to a stop and drinks deeply from her honey lips. They part reluctantly and she pulls him along. He pulls her back, pressing himself along her back, running his hands through her hair and trailing his lips behind her ear and down the side of her neck. She shudders before pulling away and leading him up the front step. Fumbling with her keys he traps her between his large body and the door, his hands gripping her hips tight and kissing her hungrily. The keys drop to the porch as she wraps herself around him, her hands clasp his back, lips explore his with ever growing need, she clings to him as he crushes her against the doorway.

With a violent jerk she pulls away and kneels to grab the dropped keys. As she stands back up she runs a hand along the inseam of his pant leg and cups him firmly before turning and hastily opening the door. She steps across the threshold but his feet remain rooted to the front stoop. 

"You sure about this? Last chance to back out."

Her fingers trail down her midriff as she grasps her shirt and draws it up over her head. He shifts excitedly as her supple body reveals itself inch by inch. Her skin is beautiful, soft, inviting. His hands clench at his sides. She drops her shirt in the hall and cups her own breasts through her bra. The swell of her curves, the way they fill her hands. They look heavy and lonely. Her hands slowly reach behind her and release the catch of her bra, dropping the straps from her shoulders and letting the flimsy piece of cloth drop to the floor. Her full globes bounce free of their confines and her nipples tighten under his hungry gaze.

Before she can take them in her hands again he crosses the threshold, slamming the door behind him and backs her up against the wall. He kisses her savagely, grinding his hips against her and cupping her smooth flesh, palming and teasing her pert nipples. Her breath comes fast as he lets himself go. In a frantic hurry he tears his shirt away and throws it to the floor, the two of them rejoice in the feel of skin on skin. He cups her ass in both hands and she wraps her legs around him. The two of them struggle out of their heels and boots as he grinds against her, crushing her between his hard body and the wall. Effortlessly he carries her petite form down the hall.

"Where am I going?" He growls against her throat.

"This one." She gasps, clutching at the closest door frame. He slams her up against it and the grunt pulled from her by the impact flows into a groan as he presses hard against her, rolling his hips into her. Maiming her lips with his, massaging her ass through her thin pants, crushing her breasts against his chest. She clings to him excitedly, moaning encouragement whenever he does something just right and trying to grind her sex against his.

Without warning he turns and they tumble to the bed in a mess of flailing limbs and heavy breathing and desperate touching. They fumble between struggling out of their own pants and trying to help the other with theirs. She gives a small gasp as he cups her mound and begins stroking her slit. He groans low in his throat as her hand encircles his throbbing shaft and the two of them slowly fondle each other, pants forgotten still tangled in their knees. His fingers trace her swelling labia, coaxing more and more heat from her centre. Her small hand struggles to circle him, slowly pulling from root to tip and running her fingers over his head. They kiss messily, panting and trembling whenever the other does something delicious.

She sits up quickly and struggles the rest of the way out of her pants. He helps her remove his and the last of their clothes make a pleasant pile on her floor. Kneeling on the bed between his thighs she grabs his jerking cock in one hand and bends low to kiss his head, already glistening with precum. She laps it teasingly, but his frustrated thrusting and her own raging lust cut the teasing short. Her flowing hair cascades across his body in the moonlight through the open window as she bends low and takes him into her mouth. Deep and slow, the way she remembers he likes. Up and down her lips travel him. He hums low in his throat, head rolling back, fists spasming at his sides as he rolls his hips up to offer her every inch of him. 

Her tongue caresses and strokes, swirls and flicks. His hands reach to grab her, then clench in mid-air. Clenching and unclenching, slowly forcing his hands back to his sides he rolls his hips needily and she hums her pleasure around him, further tormenting him. Without warning she slams him to the back of her throat and holds him there for a second. She slams him to the back of her throat a few more times and holds him again, over and over driving him all the way back and letting his swollen girth fill her. His back arches, hips fully thrusted and he grips fistfuls of covers as a long low groan escapes him. She pulls back and kisses his tip, taking the head into her mouth again, before sweeping her hair behind her and smiling up at him with watery eyes. 

He growls at her with a devilish smile and sits up, grips her hips and pulls her onto his lap, but rather than keeping her there he continues the motion on and rolls her over onto her back beside him where he then rolls on top of her. She opens her legs to him but instead he trails kisses down her collar, teases each nipple for only a moment before continuing to kiss down the valley of her breasts. Down to her naval where he lingers a few tender kisses, before slowly crawling down to where she really needs him. He opens her legs a little further with heavy hands and she trembles beneath him.

His breath is hot and tantalizing as it dances across her wet lips. He plants a hot and heavy kiss directly on her clit, drawing a gentle moan from her. His tongue begins to slowly explore her swollen folds. Teasing and tasting her. He traces his tongue up, and down between her glistening labia before softly lapping at her wet entrance. She rolls her hips gently and sighs with his movements. With her legs over his arms he sets both hands firmly on her pelvis, holding her still, as his tongue ventures up and begins to attack her sensitive clit. She jerks and trembles and tries to buck beneath him but his heavy hands hold her still as he teases, tastes and torments her burning bud. She stops thrashing for a moment as his tongue presses heavily on her clit and very slowly pulls up. The flick of her clit across the tip of his tongue sends a violent jerk through her and she gasps. His tongue traps her again, slowly, slowly drawing up again then flicking her to produce the same uncontrolled spasm. He does this over and over before suddenly rapidly licking her and pulling her into his mouth and suckling her oversensitive clit.

"Fuck me." She gasps, her fingers tangled in his hair as she tries to pull him up her body. "Fuck me." She gasps again. He leers up at her with a smouldering grin, slowly stalking up her body then cups her slippery pussy in one strong hand making her gasp then easily slides one finger into her, changing the gasp to a moan. He slides his finger back and forth a couple of times before guiding a second finger into her. Her back arches and she makes fists in the sheets as a sultry groan is pulled from her. He chuckles low as his fingers curl up and press hard on her g-spot.

"Oh, fuck." Her breath catches. He leans low and takes one hard nipple into his mouth as his fingers piston through her, applying a constant and hard pressure on her sweet g-spot. "Oh, fuck! Oh fuck! Ohhhh." She thrashes beneath him. He fingers her furiously, feeling her clench and ripple around his fingers. "No, wait. No, stop. No wait, I'm gonna... I'm gonna... I'm... Oohhhhh..." Her head rolls back, mouth open wide with a silent scream. Her hands clench the covers, grip him, clench the covers again. Her back arches, her legs shake and he continues to torment her sweet spot as she spasms around him. He grins down at her as warm juices cover his hand and arm and soak the bed.

Her eyelids flutter when she sees him again. "Fuck me." She whispers. His grin spreads wider as he looks around, reluctantly pulling his fingers out of her. He glances around uncertainly. She rolls over and pulls a new box of condoms out of the bedside. He tears the box open in his haste, grabs a rubber and quickly rolls it over his length. She lies back on the bed and opens herself up to him. He gazes down at her hungrily. Leaning over her, he trails the fingers of one hand up her thigh, across her hip, over her ribs, across her collar and behind her neck. He leans in slow and kisses her deeply, gently pulling at the nape of her neck and encouraging her to kiss him just as passionately. The same hand slowly releases her, travels down to cup one breast lightly, then down her smooth belly, to grip himself and guide his ridged cock to her entrance.

Slowly he eases his hips forward and sinks inside her. The moment his slow penetration starts she breaks away from the kiss with a gasp and wraps her arms around his back as he sinks deeper and deeper. Reluctantly he retreats, the two of them moaning lightly at the rippling sensations taking them over. Back and forth, sinking a little deeper with each thrust, until finally his pelvis presses hard against hers. "Mmm... Home." He mumbles, kissing her hair. She gives an experimental clench around his girth, drawing a guttural groan from him and his involuntary flexing inside her tight passage pulls a breathy gasp from her.

She gives another squeeze and he shudders then leers down at her. "You vixen." He growls, then pulls back and slams deep and hard into her. She gasps her appreciation and clenches around him again. He growls and thrusts hard into her again. Another gasp, another tight clenching around his swollen length. He bears down on her and begins to thrust a savage rhythm into her soft body. Crushing her against him, his throbbing cock pistons in and out of her, her gasps and moans fueling him on. He trails light bites along her neck and her nails dig into his back, her legs wrapping around his hips and she clings to him, spurring him on with her breathy moans. 

With a snarl he reaches back, catching a leg in the crook of each elbow and pulls her legs up toward her head. She gives a frightened gasp as she's opened up further and he sinks completely inside her, pressing hard on her soft cervix. "Oh, God. No. No, no. No no no. It's too much. It's too much! Ooohhhhh ggaaaaawwwd." Her pleas turn to a throaty groan as he pounds into her. She flinches with every slam of his swollen head into her cervix but she wraps her arms tightly around his heavy shoulders and pants into his ear. 

"Don't stop. Don't stop! I'm gonna. I'm gonna..." Nearly folded in half, every inch of him slams into her violently. He leans in low, trapping her beneath him, pinning her legs nearly beside her ears. Her mouth hangs open and she forgets to breathe, when suddenly, "Oooohhhhhhhhgggggaaaaa..." Her abused pussy clamps and trembles along him; clenching and spasming. Her groan draws out and out and with a savage grunt and one especially deep and hard thrust, he goes ridged above her. She clings to him, her breath catching then coming in long groans then catching again. With every pulse of pent up cum that erupts from him he rolls his hips slightly, constantly trying to drive himself deeper. Their breath is ragged. Sweat glistens along their bodies, their hair is disheveled and as they both come down from their incredible high, they smile almost drunkenly.

Slowly, he pulls back, letting one leg down and then the other, but never withdrawing from inside her hot, small body. He wraps his arms underneath her and pulls her tight to his chest, resting his forehead on hers. "You're all sweaty." She complains half-heartedly, wrapping her arms around him again.

"Mmm." He grunts. Slowly he smiles and leans in to kiss her. Rolling his hips slowly, languidly, making them both keenly aware that the evening is not over yet.

"Now, I think you said something about liking me bouncing?" He looks down at her mock innocence, eyes twinkling playfully. His smile broadens as he rolls himself off of her to stand and pulls the condom off in one fluid motion, dropping it in the trash beside the bed with a wet splat. Quickly turning on the bedside lamp and reaching for the discarded box of condoms on the floor he snatches up another one and is turning back to her when her delicate hand reaches out to cup his balls. His attention shifts from the wrapper to her as she kneels on the floor in front of him and takes the base of his shaft in her other hand, then begins to lap the cum from his twitching cock. He wasn't soft to begin with, but he grows ridged as a flag pole as she takes him deep into her mouth again. His orgasm should have sated him, but he drops the condom and greedily reaches out, sinking his fingers deep into her thick hair, and grips her roughly. She doesn't pull back. She doesn't stop him. 

He flexes his hips forward and pulls her to him, forcing himself to the back of her throat. He pulls back and pushes deep again, a little harder. Again, he retreats, then forces himself to the back of her throat in one hard thrust, holding her there. She chokes and coughs around him, but he holds himself there. Tears bloom in the corners of her eyes, but she only rests her hands along his hips. He pulls back and begins to fuck her mouth with abandon. Not so violent as what he just did to her pussy, but far from gentle. With a strangled cough she pulls back and raises a hand. He releases his grip on her hair and she smiles up at him through watery eyes. "I'm in control now." She points at the bed, "Lay down."

Kneeling to grab the condom, he lifts her to her feet then lays in the centre of the bed and quickly rolls the rubber on. He watches her with rapture. The lamp may have robbed him of the way the moon painted her features in shadow and glowing beauty, but with the brighter light he can admire her clearly. The way her hair sways just above the cleft of her shapely ass. The curve of her legs as they kneel onto the bed and she crawls toward him. The way her nipples stand erect, eager for his attention as her full breasts swing with her undulating approach. The grace of her delicate neck. Her kiss swollen lips parted slightly. And those coffee-caramel eyes, dark with her own carnal desires.

She straddles his hips and leans down to kiss him, her hair spilling around them, a private curtain of silken tresses. Her sex drips along his length and pelvis as she grinds herself against him. He flexes beneath her, hands caressing down the small of her back to grip her hips. She reaches between them and guides his swollen shaft inside her tight, hot centre. They moan together and his hands roam up her back and grip her shoulders to pull her down on his length. They groan again as she rolls her hips, stroking back and forth along him. His hands slide back down and cup her ass as she picks up the rhythm, her lust making each thrust come quicker and harder than the last.
