 Knock knock knock, a frown started between Kat's violet eyes, as she stopped mid walk across the hotel room floor. It didn't matter where she was in the world or how good the security was, she was fully aware that as a woman traveling alone she wasn't going to open any door without finding out who it was first. Knock knock, louder this time." Who is it" "Hi...hi Kat, it's Alex" came the muffled reply. 

Kat's heart missed a beat and then started again abruptly hammering in her chest. Without a second thought the door was open and there he stood. At 6'4 Alex filled the doorway, Kats eyes quickly skimmed down his body, loose fitting jeans and a t-shirt that was stretched across his chest and arms flattering his athletic body. Blonde hair and pale blue eyes, that showed his Scandinavian heritage, gazed down at her. "Alex... I...wow... I didn't expect to see you again" standing on tip toes she reached up to kiss his cheek, the citrus scent of his cologne and the stubble on his chin invading her senses. 

Pulling away Kat breathed deeply trying to compose herself. "I know but I thought I'd surprise you, the party is not for another two days, and my mum told me on no uncertain terms to bugger off, so if you still need a guide, I can show you around my beautiful city." Alex grinned as he leaned against the door frame. Kat could feel the flush on her cheeks burn "sure come in". 

The hotel room was beautifully decorated in cool stylish blue tones with warm wooden furniture, it also looked like a bomb had been detonated inside as camera equipment, clothes and make-up littered the room. "I'm sorry about the mess" Kat exclaimed, "I came straight in, changed and went straight out again, it's so beautiful here."

Kat looked around the room in dismay as Alex stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. His smile widened as he caught sight of the black lace panties on the bed, Kat's face now took on an even darker shade of red as she now saw what else was in his line of sight. 

A shiny pink vibrator was on full view, it sat there like an unanswered question as they both stared at the sex toy. "Well this is unexpected" Alex mocked turning towards her, his eyes held hers and she could see the fire contained within them. "Um I, I ...God I'm so embarrassed, I forgot that was there" rushing to pick up the underwear and the vibrator. Kat tried to skim passed his body, but as she did so he held out his arm to stop her. 

He pulled her in to face him, looking down at her he ran the back of his fingers down Kats face stopping at her chin, his thumb smooth as he caressed across her bottom lip. "Tell me beautiful, are you expecting anyone?" Kat's blood had pooled in the junction between her legs, melting her insides as he leaned over her "no" her voice just above a whisper, her tongue darted out wetting her lips, and catching his thumb. For a second she contemplated pulling it inside her mouth and sucking the way she imagined she would for like the hundredth time that day. 

Kat had lied when she said she had gone straight out. As a landscape photographer, the wild vistas of Norway called to her, but as soon as she came into the room she had thrown her belongings down and pulled out the vibrator from her suitcase, she was desperate to feel the hard length inside her after spending 11 hours sitting next to Alex on the flight from L.A. to Norway. Using the small, sleek, bullet shaped toy her orgasm had slammed into her after only a few minutes, making her cry out at the force it left her aching body. Now with Alex beside her she felt that same feeling as her pussy clenched in need. 

Alex sucked in a breath as he watched that pink tongue lick the pad of his thumb. Forcing himself not to replace his fingers with his own mouth just yet, he stepped closer so their bodies almost touched. "Have you used it already today?" he asked, "did you imagine it was me fucking that delicious body?"

Kat could feel her nipples pebble due to his intense stare as he waited for her answer, embarrassment overrode her voice as she could only just nod her head in response. Alex pulled his fingers through her thick dark hair cupping his hand at the nape of her neck "Tell me you want this" he whispered, his lips just centimeters from hers. "Yes" she replied, seconds later his mouth was on hers, a crushing bruising assault, his tongue pushing against her lips demanding she submit.

Kat complied melting into his embrace. His hands started to roam over her body, one hand sliding from her hip, up her waist and ribs and settling on her breast. She let out a low moan as his hand kneaded her breast over the low vest she wore, his fingers finding her nipple and caressing slowly as his other hand ran down her back grabbing her hips and pulling her into his groin so she could feel the growing length of his hard cock against her stomach. 

She could only just hold onto his thick arms as his hand had now pulled down her vest exposing her black lacey bra underneath, pulling away from her, Alex ran his lips across her jaw and neck, sending shockwaves down Kat's spine. 

In the rush of joining their bodies, they had fallen against the dressing table. Alex pushed Kat's body further so she was sat on the edge of the table, spreading her legs he had greater access to mold his body against hers. This time when he felt for her breast his mouth followed. Pulling down her bra had pushed Kat's breasts up and had exposed the peaks of her pink nipples, Alex lost no time in tasting her skin as his tongue swirled and sucked on the tight nub. Kat moaned aloud as she ran her fingers through his hair. 

The sensation of his hands and mouth on her breast as well as his hips pushing against her core was enlightening her senses as pleasure overcame her every thought, her hips now started gyrating into his, wanting further pressure against her growing need. 

She had removed her panties earlier when she first entered the hotel room, so the rough feel of his jeans against her exposed pussy was both pleasure and pain combined. Kat's skirt was now bunched around her hips, giving Alex full access to run his hands up her thighs and against the junction of her legs. Bursts of pleasure erupted as he ran his fingers along her slick folds, pushing further so he could touch her centre "Fuck, you are so wet" Alex exclaimed. 

He removed his hands and reached behind her so he could remove her vest and bra. Her breasts sprang free and she heaved as he replaced her bra with his own hands, kneading and pinching her nipples. His lips once again found hers, this time he sucked on her bottom lip, biting down gently, coaxing another moan. Alex suddenly broke apart and took a step away, his eyes burned into her as he assessed her body, naked except for the skirt bunched at her hips, chest heaving and legs wide apart to show her shaved pussy on full display "God you are so beautiful". 

Holding her legs apart and with his eyes locked on hers he slowly sank down to his knees "keep your eyes open" he demanded with a smile. Kissing along her thighs with light nips of his teeth, he finally reached her sweet centre, "eyes on me baby" he teased as ran his hot wet tongue along her pussy lips. Kat was mesmerized as pure fire erupted inside her. His tongue dipped inside her core and slowly up to her swollen clit. 

Sucking gently while flicking her tight bud, Kat cried out, her hands fisted in his hair, her legs shaking as she tried to pull him closer into her. With perfect control Alex removed her hands and placed them on her thighs. "I want you to keep them open for me" reaching towards the bed Alex picked up the vibrator. He held it up to her lips, "suck" Kat ran her tongue along its hard length as it entered her mouth, imagining that it was him she held between her lips. 

Removing the vibrator he kissed her passionately, while sliding it down her body "keep still" he whispered into her lips. Holding it at the entrance to her pussy he gently pushed it into her. The fullness was overwhelming, Kat could only hold on as he plunged it inside her, slowly pausing to let her adjust, then retreating inch by inch before pushing it back in again. "We are going to try this again, eyes on me, and don't move" Alex insisted. 

Sliding down her body, pausing only to lick the tips of her nipples, he arrived back at her sex. Placing her legs over his shoulders had given him better access to pump the vibrator into her tight mound, then Alex began his assault on her tiny pleasure bud. Licking in circles around her slit in one slow lap, Kat almost screamed at the pleasure rolling through her body. 

Teasing and tasting in slow languid movements, with each lick Kat's hips had started to move, with each upward stroke of the vibrator her pussy had started to clench around the hard object, in her heat her hands had moved to her firm breasts kneading the soft flesh. Kat could feel the pressure building, the ripples of ecstasy burning a fire through her as she moved in time with each movement of his fingers and scolding hot tongue, her essence was now coating his mouth. "Oh Alex" Kat's breath was coming in short pants now, as she could feel her climax building. "Mmmmmmmmm you taste so sweet" Alex removed the vibrator from her wanton slit, and gave one last long lick before climbing back up her body. 

Kat frustration of being denied orgasm was showing on her face, but was made sweeter when his soft lips brushed against her swollen ones, tender due to being bitten during his assault on her core, but when Alex gently brushed his lips over hers all pain was forgotten and she joined her lips with his trying to force them closer.

She roamed her hands over his body, taking the edge of his t-shirt she dragged the material over his head, exposing the smooth lines of his body. Moving lower her hands felt for the band of his jeans, desperate for the feel of him in her hands. The jeans gave way and she ran her fingers over the hard length of his cock. Alex sucked in a breath as Kat brushed her thumb over the already slick with pre-cum covered tip, she raised the thumb to her lips, tasting the salty essence. 

"Fuck, I need you now" he gasped, in one quick movement Alex had Kat by the knees up into his arms and carried her to the bed, placing her down he removed the rest of his clothes, pulling off boots and jeans in a haste to be next to her. Once naked Alex looked down at his prize. Laying on her back, with her knees up and spread slightly apart, he could see every curve of her lush pink skin and her glistening swollen mound. 

Moving between her legs he spread them further so he had better access to her aching vulva. Now Alex had removed his clothes Kat could see his cock fully. It was huge, much bigger than anything she had seen before, raising her eyes in alarm, Alex smirked "don't worry, we will take it slow." 

Placing himself at her entrance he slid his cock slowly up and down her wet slit gathering as much moisture as he could before pushing the tip of his thick head into her, warmth engulfed him as Kat 's inner muscles squeezed. "Fuck you are so tight" Alex shuddered above her, pulling out slightly then pushing back in trying to gain more momentum with each thrust. Kat could feel herself being stretched delightfully, every thrust would burn but brought waves of pleasure, in and out deeper with each movement, rocking slightly into her hips and he tried to push in every inch. 

Kat tried to move back as he forced his hard length deep into her womb, pinning her underneath him. A wild gasp left her body as he finally reached his limit, "fuck" he whispered. Keeping still she let her body relax and adjust to his intrusion. The pressure was intense, Alex felt like steel wrapped in silk and she could feel every beat of his pulse as he settled inside her. Then with wild abandon Alex started to move, pulling out slightly he slammed it back home, his hips gyrating against hers.

With each thrust Alex could feel his cock growing larger still inside her, the friction of her tight slit squeezing his member made his balls ache as he grew desperate to fill her with as much cum as he could. Kat was lost in pleasure, her hips drew up to meet his as he slammed inside her hitting her sensitive insides and grinding against her clit. Holding on to his arms she drew his mouth down onto hers so her tongue could match his movements. His hands roamed her body before settling at her breast, clever fingers squeezed her nipples. With his mouth on hers, her nipples teased into stiff hard peaks and the fat cock ploughing into her body, Kat could feel her body beginning to climb. 

Alex grabbed her hips, his balls now in a desperate squeeze as her slammed deep inside her body, Kat moaned heavily sending shockwaves into him, her climax built and peeked as he forced himself one last time into her body, gushes of thick hot sperm splashed inside her womb, he moaned into her mouth as she milked his cock squeezing every last drop from him. Kat was high as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over her. 

As the pleasure began to ebb, still locked together Alex met her eyes..."so what do you think of Norway?"