 I wanted to fuck Marty the first time I saw him. He was lean, tan, and gorgeous. He also knew exactly how good-looking he was, and loved having girls fall all over themselves for him. Of course, that only made me want him more! I didn't care that he was several years younger than me and that we were both married, I wanted him, and I wouldn't take no for an answer.

We joked around quite a bit at work, and a lot of it was based on how horny/slutty I was, but I didn't think I was making any progress with him until one time I made a comment about how hot another guy was, and he actually seemed jealous. Of course it could have just been because another guy was getting the attention that Marty wanted, but I took it as the opening that I needed. I started making sexual jokes about Marty, and talking about him taking his shirt off every chance I got. 

He was very possessive about his cell phone, and I started joking that it was because he had nude pictures of himself on it. One day, out of the blue, he sat down at my desk and asked if I really wanted to see his cell phone. "Sure," I said, "why not?" I scrolled through a few funny pictures that we both laughed at, and then I was shocked to see that he really did have nude pictures! There he was, and there was his big, beautiful cock. It had to be 8 inches long. He was looking away from me, so I wasn't quite sure what my reaction was supposed to be, but all I could think about was how much I wanted to touch it, and taste it. I was too shy to say much to him, because I wasn't sure if he was just stringing me along, so I just made a joke about it. "It's pretty decent, but I can't really tell the size."

"What do you mean you can't tell? You can see my hand in the picture!" he said, laughing.

"But I don't really know how big your hands are. Put your hand up to mine so I can compare them."

He held his hand up so I could put my palm against his. I was surprised to see how large his hands were; I had never noticed before. "I still can't tell though," I said. "You'll have to take another picture with something else held up for scale and show me that, too. Try to have that ready for me tomorrow—I have to go home now." He just laughed and shook his head.

I was so turned on by what I had seen that I had to rush home to get myself off. My husband was home, so I locked myself in the bathroom, grabbed my vibrator and starting rubbing it over my swollen clit while I imagined Marty's strong hands squeezing my tits and pinching my nipples. I was so hot that it wasn't long before I was shoving the vibrator into my wet pussy with one hand while I fingered myself with the other, pretending that it was really his long fingers doing the work. I came in no time as I imagined his huge cock sliding in and out of me. I wanted to cry out but I knew I couldn't, so I only whispered his name when I came. The thought of fucking him was so exciting that I kept going until I came again and again. I hardly slept at all that night. I just kept thinking about his big, beautiful cock, and how much I wanted it. I tossed and turned, and I couldn't stop imagining having sex with him in every possible position. 

I felt like I owed him a picture, so I took a good close-up picture of my tits and sent it to his cell phone the next day. They're not huge, 34C, but they're firm and round, and my nipples are almost always hard. He smiled at the picture, but other than that, had no reaction. I decided it was time to confront him and see if this teasing was going anywhere. My heart was pounding from a combination of adrenaline and lust. I was nervous about asking him, but I had to know.

I went into his office and said, "So, I was wondering if we've been flirting lately or if we're still just joking around."

He kept looking down at what he was working on, as if he was suddenly shy. "It's nothing, I'm just joking around."

"Are you sure?" I asked. Because a guy might show pictures of his dick to another guy as a joke, but I think it's a little different if you show a girl. Like you might have wanted a different kind of reaction."

He smiled a little, but covered it with his hand. "What kind of reaction do you think I wanted?"

I shrugged. "Maybe you wanted me to tell you exactly what I was thinking about. I don't want to say it out loud, though." I walked around behind his desk and leaned over to speak softly in his ear. "I thought about how I would like to just lick your big, hard cock all up and down, and how much I wanted to fuck you. And it made me so hot that when I got home I had to get myself off, and it wasn't the only time that I've done that while fantasizing about you." I sat down on the edge of his desk, and then reached out to stroke his arm. "So, what do you think?"

He finally looked right at me. "I think that I can't mess around with someone at work."

I smiled. "Actually, messing around with someone at work is the best way to get away with something, because there's no chance of getting caught somewhere where you're not supposed to be. You are where you're supposed to be—you're at work!"

I started unbuttoning my shirt, not giving him any more chance to object. I slipped my shirt off, then reached over to start unbuttoning his. My tits were spilling out over the top of my bra as I leaned over. When I had his shirt open, I ran my hands all over his smooth, muscular chest, then let them travel lower towards the waistband of his pants. He reached out with his other hand and grabbed the back of my neck. His fingers tangled in my blonde hair as he pulled my head towards him to kiss me, roughly, and I felt like an electric charge went through my body. 

I reached over to undo his pants, and we stood up together. I pulled my lips away from his and started kissing his neck and ear. His hands were all over me, reaching underneath my bra to play with my hard nipples. Every time he pinched them, I felt a jolt of pleasure in my clit. He reached down and pulled up my skirt, and then slid his hand inside my underwear. I gasped and threw my head back as soon as he touched me. He only teased me with his fingers at first, then slid his hand down further and slipped two fingers inside me. I could feel how wet I was, and he was driving me crazy, moving his fingers out and up to my clit, then back in. I was panting and moaning, and I couldn't wait to get him inside me, but I also wanted to suck his gorgeous cock. 

I pulled away from him and dropped to my knees in front of him. I pulled his pants and underwear down slightly, releasing his huge cock. It was even more amazing now that I was seeing it in real life. I started by licking the head, then ran my tongue down the length of his hard shaft before licking my way back up to the top. It was soon slick and shiny with my saliva. His cock was too big for me to take the whole thing into my mouth, but I took it in as deeply as I could. I moved my tongue all around the head of his cock as I sucked on it, then I started moving my head up and down as much as I could. I put one hand around the base of his cock, and started moving my hand up and down together with my mouth. I ran my other hand up his leg, to his ass, and finally reached up to stroke and tease his balls. 

After only a couple of minutes of this, he pulled me to my feet, and I stepped out of my skirt and panties and reached up behind myself to unhook my bra. His mouth went to my breasts as he pulled his pants down the rest of the way. He backed me up to the desk and pushed me back onto it. I couldn't wait any longer, and neither could he. He shoved his huge, hard cock into my dripping wet pussy as he held my hips with his long, strong hands. "Oh my god!" I cried out. "Your cock is incredible!" It felt so amazing, I was close to coming already. He was moving slowly, withdrawing his cock almost all the way before plunging it back in, letting me feel every wonderful inch of it. I grabbed his ass as he thrust in and out, urging him to go even deeper. 

"Fuck me, Marty, fuck me harder!" He did as he was told, moving faster and slamming his cock into me so hard that I had to grab the desk to keep him from pushing me away from the edge of it. I felt myself coming, and I could tell he was close to coming, too. I just couldn't keep myself quiet. "Oh my god, Marty, fuck me, Marty, fuck me!" I repeated it over and over until I felt his hot load shoot inside me. He collapsed into his chair while I lay across his desk panting and trying to catch my breath.

After a few minutes, we were able to stand up and put our clothes back on. I gave him a quick kiss, and told him that I had to hurry up and get home. He smiled and said, "Well, have a good night."

I smiled back. "You, too. See you tomorrow -- it might be the first day I'll actually look forward to coming to work!"

Hopefully this was the first episode of many...