 It was just sex. That's what I kept telling myself, "It's just sex!" but every time I said it that little voice in the back of my head said "yeah, but it's REALLY GREAT sex!!" 

I'd met him by chance when he was in town for work, and we hit it off straight away. At 42 he was 10 years my senior, he looked fit, with great shoulders and that strong handsome look that some bald men can carry off really well. Most of all he had blue green eyes that locked onto mine and shone with an intensity, an honesty and trust that made me weak at the knees. My marriage had ended a little over two years ago when I caught my husband cheating on me, a couple of meaningless romances later and I was enjoying being single, but horny! 

When we met, through a mutual friend, we sparked off each other, laughed, and agreed we should catch up again next time he was in town. I gave him my number, and thought it would be nice to have a new male friend, he was married, with two kids he obviously loved deeply, and I thought he had a lucky wife. 

He rang me out of the blue a few weeks later and said his afternoon meeting had been cancelled and before he started the four hour drive back to his home town, he'd love to catch up over a coffee. I was finishing a few chores at home, so gave him my address and quickly cleared up in the 15 minutes or so I thought I had before he would arrive. I was bra-less, in a tube dress and had my hair up when I heard him pull into the drive shortly after, but I figured so what - it's just a coffee and a chat, if we're going to be friends he can take me as he finds me at short notice!

When I opened the door I was surprised, in a well fitting stylish business shirt, suit pants and tie, he was a lot more handsome than I remembered. Then he gave me a big smile with his eyes shining and I knew this was going to be a very hard friendship to keep out of the bedroom! 

We sat on the couch and started talking about our days, I asked how his family was (as much to remind me that he was married as out of genuine interest!) and he talked about his kids as only proud and loving dads can. I noticed he didn't mention his wife, and had barely mentioned her last time, so asked how she was. He paused, looked into my face in a way that completely disarmed me, and started to talk deeply and honestly about the troubles in his relationship, his wife's emotional and physical distance from him since their second child was born and how he had struggled to reconcile his attraction to me with his love for his family.

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, or thinking. My own husband had cheated on me, yet here I was, feeling sorry for this lovely guy because he was committed to his family but needed a physical and intimate relationship that he clearly had not had with his wife for 5 years! I don't know how he did it, but the combination of honesty, his physical presence and the way he started to tell me how gorgeous I was (after I had just finished doing the housework!!) had me wanting to melt into his arms!

We sat in silence for a minute and he drew a deep breath, then looked up into my eyes. It was that magic moment, when a cord of pure energy links your souls through your gaze, I couldn't turn away, as we moved closer together, holding for an instant just millimetres apart, daring each other to pull back, savouring the smell and warmth of each other, sharing a breath, until our lips met. He kissed me softly, almost chastely, lips gently quivering, until I pushed more firmly onto his, leaned into him and let my tongue run across his top lip. 

He pulled back for a moment, I opened my eyes to see if something was wrong, "God," I thought "don't let him regret that, don't let him back out now!". He just stared into my eyes, smiling, brushed my hair from my face and murmured that the hadn't had a kiss like that for years. 

"That's nothing!" I said, and throwing my arms around him, crushed his lips with mine until he opened his mouth and I could drive my tongue in. He kissed me back hungrily now, his arms tight around me, pulling me to him and soon we were lying on the couch, he under me and my breasts firm against his chest.

I could feel his cock hardening against me and wriggled my hips against it - this kissing had got me hotter than I had been for ages, and I wanted him to know it. When he paused for a breath, I stood up, took his hand and lead him silently to the bedroom. He trailed behind me, when I looked back over my shoulder and caught him staring at my bum, he just smiled and said how beautiful I was. 

"Flatterer!" I scolded him. 

"No," he replied. 

Holding my hand tight he stopped so suddenly I almost stumbled as he looked down into my eyes and simply said "you are so beautiful." 

If I hadn't already been ready to screw his brains out, that would have melted any resistance I had left!

I pulled him onto the bed and he started kissing my neck, ears, throat, eyelids, everywhere but my mouth, making me gasp and moan as his hands started to explore my body. I'm no skinny waif, but I'm fit, and far from fat too, so when he pulled my top down to expose my full breasts he gasped, smiled and started to lick and suck each nipple until they were hard and I was about to start touching myself I was so wet! 

I pulled his mouth back to mine and we kissed hungrily, deeply and lustfully. I rolled over on top of him and quickly I pulled my dress up over my head so I was straddling him, with only my panties on. Looking down I could see him gazing up with longing in his eyes. I started on his tie and shirt buttons, which made him giggle as I accidentally tickled his hairy chest, I jiggled back and felt his hard cock, through the fabric of his trousers and my panties, pressing against my hot pussy. I leaned down to kiss him and he hugged me close. 

Holding me tight he rolled us over, kissing my lips, throat, down my cleavage and over my tummy, I knew where he was heading and could hardly wait. Quickly I slipped my hand down to the elastic of my panties and wiggled them off, giving him full permission and access to the centre of my passion. 

I grasped one of his hands and brought it to my breast, and he started rolling my nipple between his fingers as his tongue started sliding across my pussy lips. I needed more, I took his head in my hands and urged his tongue into me, tilting my hips, running my feet up and down his back, opening myself to his probing tongue. He may have thought he was out of practice, but he knew what he was doing!

He licked and sucked my pussy lips, slipped his tongue in and managed to probe and suck at the same time. As he tongue found my pussy button his mouth felt so hot and insistent on me, his tongue so firm and fast in it's work, I could hear myself moaning, murmuring his name. I needed this man, I needed his body above me, I needed his arms around me, I needed his hard cock inside me!

"Come here!" I growled, and he looked up at me from his work, smiling as he sat up to quickly finish removing his shirt. I grabbed his belt buckle, undid his trousers and was soon staring at his rock hard cock. He pulled back for a moment and stood at the bedside to slip his trousers and socks off, giving me a great view of his manhood, bobbing up by his belly button, thick and hard and soon to be mine. 

As he moved back onto the bed I dipped my head and took the hot tip of his cock in my mouth. He gasped as I ran my tongue around it and used one hand to draw back his foreskin while I sucked just the head. I started to move down gently and he ran his fingers through my dark hair, gently entwining us and not grabbing or forcing me on at all, just connecting with me and moaning "Oh God," in a way that spurred me on far more strongly and sensuously than any man ever has by trying to push me down. I was sucking his cock because I wanted to, because I could make him feel good, and because he felt so hard and strong in my mouth that I loved it!! I felt him twitch, and thought about making him come with my tongue, but he had other ideas.

He pulled me up and I gave his beautiful cock one last caress as he started kissing me again, from my mouth to my ears and back via my throat. Gently, insistently, he was pushing me back onto the bed, I opened my legs for him and he lay on top of me, his cock hard against my pussy lips, the head resting on my lower abdomen. He moved slowly, not entering me, just rubbing in time with the kisses he planted on my lips. The shaft of his cock felt so good, he had it positioned perfectly so it ground against my pussy button, getting me hotter and wetter every minute. I don't know how long we lay like that, kissing and grinding, until I pulled away from his mouth to tell him how hot I was, that his cock was driving me wild as it hit my button, and that if he didn't put it inside me now I would probably scream!

He smiled, his eyes never leaving mine as he slipped just the head between my lips. I tilted my hips and rocked up to draw him in and we both groaned together as he slid that thick hard cock into me. I threw my head back in ecstasy as he thrust all he way in, lifting his hips so he was deep inside me and using his pelvis to keep pressure on my button, god it felt deep, and soooo good! he started to rock into me, going from deep to really deep, probing, pressing, grinding, never thrusting, never drawing out but somehow managing to probe and pulse in and out in a way that kept building the pleasure. No man had ever taken me like that before, somehow gentle and strong at the same time, I loved it and he could tell. 

I looked up into his eyes, all I could say was "niiiice!"

He just smiled and said "good!" 

I started to thrust back against him, raising the tempo, hugging his shoulders tight and whispering into his ear to fuck me harder. 

He almost looked shocked.

"Is it good?" he asked.

"So good!" I purred back at him, "Fuck me, fuck me now!"

"How?" he asked, warming up to our verbal game. 

"Hard!" I said.

He immediately leaned over me, driving his cock in deep, crushing my knees against my breasts, reaching his strong arms around my shoulders, filing my pussy with his manhood and my eyes with his handsome face and firm shoulders as he cradled me in a total embrace. As he continued to drive into me I could feel myself getting close, but this god like man seemed like he could go on forever. I saw a drop of sweat trickle down the side of his face and realised how hard he was working to please me.

I held him tight, slid my legs out and wrapped them around his waist so I could slow him down. 

"Please," I mumbled "take me doggy style." 

That's my favourite position, I love the depth and the animal nature of it and it always gets me off. He smiled, and the look on his face told me it was a favourite of his too. He slid out of me and I felt momentarily empty as I rolled over and positioned myself on the edge of the bed. 

"Stand by the bed," I said, 

"Oh baby!" was all he could reply. 

I looked back over my shoulder, my feet over the edge of the bed, my bum in the air and my hot wet pussy waiting for him, thank god I didn't have to wait long. He positioned himself close behind me and rubbed the head of his cock across my pussy lips. I reached back between my thighs, grasped his shaft and guided him in. He drove in deep and again we both groaned together. He grasped my hips firmly and his hips pressed hard against my cheeks. He was thrusting deep, again with the deep to deeper strokes, first filling my pussy, then completely stuffing it as he crushed my ass cheeks, not really withdrawing at all, just lessening the pressure before driving in again. 

"Ohhhh!" I groaned, "your cock is filling my pussy!"

He paused for a moment, laughing kindly as he told me "You say the sweetest things!"

Then I felt him reaching across me, I looked back over my right shoulder and saw him grabbing a pillow, I was just wondering what he wanted that for when he slipped it under my tummy. I thought he was going to push me down onto it, but instead he grasped it in both hands and pulled it back against my hips, drawing me hard back against him, plunging his cock deeper into me, the thick base of his shaft stretching me, the head of his cock deeper inside me than any man had been before, my g-spot getting more pleasure on a single stroke than my ex could have managed in a year!! 

"Oohhhh, leverage!" I moaned, getting a fantastic lesson in bio-mechanics with every stroke! (He told me later that he had never done this before, that he just saw the pillow and was inspired by my obvious enjoyment of what he had been doing already and made it up on the spur of he moment!)

Then he really started to go to work, thrusting hard and deep, using the pillow almost like reins on a horse, pulling me back as he drove in deeply. I could feel my O building, I could barely hold my head and chest off the bed, the whole of his cock was pumping deep and filling me to my soul, his strong arms worked the pillow back against my hips in a way that gave him complete control and I could surrender myself to the sensations he created within me.

I felt hot, from my pussy to my chest and throat, I was blushing and moaning as I felt myself starting to come. I heard my voice crying out, felt him respond to my cries with moans of his own as he thrust and thrust again, I gave myself over to the feelings washing over me, like rainbows of pleasure rippling out from my over stimulated pussy. I was coming hard, and suddenly felt a little fluid gushing from me and realised I was squirting. I never had before, I was coming so hard I couldn't breathe, I collapsed onto the bed gasping for breath as his cock slipped out of me and he lay beside me, stroking my hair. When I could open my eyes he was gazing into them, with a boyish smile on his face, like the cat that just got the cream!

"Was that ok?" he asked. 

I couldn't believe it! 

"OK??" I demanded, "that was amazing!" 

"Good!" he said, "It's been quite a while for me, and I really wanted you to enjoy it." 

I rolled over onto my back and looked into his eyes. "You haven't come yet have you?" I asked. 

He just smiled at me, his face glowing as his eyes roamed my body, his hand stroking my now sensitive breasts and nipples, and he started telling me again how beautiful he thought I was. 

"Come here," I said, pulling him on top of me again and guiding his still hard cock back inside me. "Fuck me, please, come in me, come in me now!"

This time he was much more urgent, my encouragement had done the trick! I drew my legs up for him so he could drive in deep, I watched his face as he thrust harder and harder, my breasts were bouncing and he was almost mesmerised by their motion. I lifted my hand and covered his eyes, his mouth curled in a puzzled smile. Then he realised what I was doing, making him concentrate on the feelings, as I gripped his cock on every thrust and ground my hips back. Within seconds he was breathing heavily. Soon he started to groan and his thrusts grew deeper but more erratic, I drew my hand away and his eyes flew open, staring into mine as he called out my name, thrusting deep as I felt his cock swell and pulse inside me. His back arched, he was coming as deep inside me as he could, quivering, jerking, groaning.

Collapsing on top of me, he wrapped his arms around my shoulders and murmured how wonderful that was, but apologising for how suddenly and quickly he had come.

I told him I wanted him to come, he had given me the biggest orgasm of my life, and he deserved his own. Who wants to come together, when you can have such a great one yourself, then get to watch as your lover explodes deep within you, knowing you had driven him on to that state of bliss?

We lay together for a while. Kissing and cuddling, until I had to get ready for the afternoon school run, and he had to drive home. We have been together four times since, every time he comes to town. Each time is fantastic, special in it's own way but nothing compares to that voyage of discovery that was our first time together. I keep telling myself it's just sex, just really good sex...not an affair with a married man!