 This is a work of fiction, written for enjoyment and amusement, hopefully yours as well as mine. Comment and constructive criticism welcomed.

This is the third part of three. It will make more sense if you've read Chapters 1 and 2 first. Click on my author name above to see my list of stories. 

* * * * *

We made it to the airport on time. Just. Meg's plane was on schedule and shortly after six she came through the gate and saw us waiting. Her face lit up and she hurried across to us, hugging and kissing Mike.

"Oh baby! I've missed you," she cried, then turned to me and hugged me. "Oh, mom, it's good to be home!"

"Good to have you home, sweetheart," I said, kissing her and hugging her back.

"Where's your bag, honey?" asked Mike.

Meg pointed. "The red one."

"I'll get it," he said and set off for it. Meg turned to me, her eyes sparkling.

"Now, mom, 'fucking incredible', I think you said. I hope you haven't worn the poor baby out!"

"Your 'poor baby' is an insatiable ram, daughter, and I am jealous as hell." I smiled at her, then hugged her again. "I trust you brought 'Plastic Mike' safely home. I may need him tonight."

"Safe and sound, mom. Come on, Mike's got my bag. Let's go home."

We discussed plans on the way home and detoured to Mike's house. Meg and I waited while he went in and came out with his overnight bag and his books for college. It had been my idea.

"Look," I'd said. "I do not have the slightest doubt that you two will want to go to bed and fu... Er, make love. Okay, get yourselves away as soon as we get in. I'll make dinner - something that won't spoil - then we can watch TV or something while you're getting your second wind, then bedtime, whenever, and the two of you can go off to college in the morning." And I will have to masturbate myself to sleep with 'Plastic Mike's help.

The evening went more or less according to plan. When we got in, Meg and Mike went off to her room, Mike with an embarrassed backward glance - I gave him the finger and blew him a kiss! I busied myself with a tuna salad, because I had no idea how long they'd be. I guessed an hour, and I was close, because sixty-five minutes after they went upstairs they came back down, hand-in-hand, laughing and joking.

Meg came over and kissed me. "Feed us, mom," she said. "Sex makes you hungry!"

I laughed. "Supper's on the table. Come and eat."

The three of us soon cleared what I'd prepared and I stacked the dishes in the dishwasher and went through to the sitting-room where Mike and Meg were sitting on the couch, Mike's arm around Meg.

Meg grinned at me. "Mike's been telling me about your little photograph session. Imagine. My mom, taking photographs of herself being fucked by her daughter's boyfriend!"

I flushed, embarrassed, but Meg untangled herself from Mike and came and hugged me. 

"I don't blame you, mom. I think I'd like to see what it looked like, being fucked I mean." She grinned. "Especially by someone with Mike's talent."

We both looked at Mike, who flushed to find himself the centre of attention.

"Mom?" said Meg thoughtfully.

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"Mike and I want you to shoot some nudes of me. Will you?"

"If you like, sure. It's too late tonight, and you're back at college this week. If you want outdoor shots I'll do them as soon as you come home. Indoor shots, whenever you like."

"I finish early tomorrow. Three o'clock. Mike has no classes in the afternoon. How about tomorrow?"

"No problem. I only have to shoot three houses. I'll do them in the morning."

"Oh, thanks, mom. That'll be great!"

"One thing, sweetheart. Bra strap marks show for a long time. As soon as you get home, take a shower and put on one of my old hippy kaftans. Nothing else. It's light until almost ten, so if I start shooting around six the light will be interesting and the bra strap marks will have faded."

"Will do, mom. Mom?"

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"Have you processed the pictures of Mike yet?"

"I put them in the processor while you were upstairs. It should be done by now. Give me ten minutes." Truth time! I went down to the darkroom. The processor had finished its run and a processed and dried roll of transparencies waited for me. I cut the roll down to a more manageable size and slipped the strips into their sleeves. I took a deep breath and went back upstairs.

I don't know what Mike had said before, but as I came back into the room I heard him say "...you and your mom, both, you're really wonderful women."

"Well, thank you, Michael," I said. "It's nice to be appreciated." I glanced at what Meg was looking at and could feel myself flush. I glanced at Meg. "That's the second one. Did Mike tell you what he did with the first?"

"Ah, no. I didn't," he said awkwardly.

Hah! "He tore it up and gave it back to me," I said, with a sardonic smile.

"Mike! You didn't!" exclaimed Meg.

"Oh, but he did." I bent and kissed Mike then, quickly but with passion and a promise. "He made up for it, though. He said something like, 'if I still looked that good, he wanted to see the original'. I was delighted to show him!"

"And I was delighted to see it, Kate. You and your daughter are both warm and wonderful women. I am delighted to have been of service," said Mike lightly.

"Talking of service, I have here some transparencies of a certain Michael Hanson with no clothes on." I looked at Meg. "Meg, there are two shots of Mike fucking me. I make no apology, I needed him." I still do, given half a chance.

"Mom, believe me, I want to see them, just as much as you do, in fact my pants are wet just thinking about it."

I smiled fleetingly at her."Mine, too!" I said with feeling. I turned to the cabinet where I keep the transparency reader. I had found it tedious to set up a projector in a darkened room whenever I wanted to view just a few transparencies so I had bought a transparency reader which connected to our TV and allowed me to preview the images on the TV screen. I loaded up the first strip and turned on the TV. There was Mike in all his naked glory, looking defenceless without clothes.

I'm proud of my camera technique. Those first nudes of Mike were tasteful and attractive. 

"Now comes the juicy bit," I muttered as I moved the next strip into place. Mike's erection was quite impressive on screen. I studied it with remembered lust as I moved through the pictures. The time came when only two pictures were left and I took a deep breath.

"This one and the next, folks."

As he had requested, Mike had been unrecognizable in the other 'hardon' shots. I couldn't say the same for this one. He had a look of pleasure on his face which almost matched my own. The two of us would be clearly recognizable to anyone seeing the picture.

"Wow," whispered Meg.

"Wow, indeed, sweetheart," I said. "I think I look like I was enjoying myself."

"I do, that's for sure," said Mike, reaching for my hand with his free hand and squeezing my fingers.

I moved on to the last picture. God, my pussy! It was the first time I'd ever seen it on film and from the glisten of Mike's prick I was in free flow. I think the first one was taken on the down stroke. This one was on the up, and my pussy lips were opened wide by Mike's cock. There was silence for a while, then I switched off the TV. I could feel my cheeks burning. I took a deep breath, then took the film strip from the reader, replacing it in its sleeve. I stood up.

"These go in the safe," I said and then managed a feeble witticism. "And I go in the shower. A cold one, I think." I smiled at Meg and Mike. "Goodnight, children. Sweet sensations to you both." I left the room and went into my office, locking the transparencies in the safe, then went up to my room.

In my bedroom, I stripped off my clothes and threw my underwear into the laundry basket in the corner of the bathroom. Out of curiosity I fingered my pussy. God, I was soaking! I turned the shower on and let it warm up for a moment, then stepped in and let the water run over me. I reflected on the day, over the past ten days in fact. From being a dutiful, caring mother of a teenage girl I seemed to have become a raving sex maniac, not only not caring about my daughter knowing but apparently actively encouraging her to be the same. I pondered. Not strictly true, I remembered myself at Meg's age. I couldn't get enough of Tom's prick.

Tom was the only man who had ever fucked me, until Mike, yesterday. Yesterday! Was that all? Did it only take two days to turn me into a raving nympho? Jeeze! I wondered idly if there were any available men around town. None that moved in my circles, such as they were, that was for sure. Maybe I needed to take up some hobbies, like ... Like what? I had no idea. I turned off the shower and reached for a towel, drying myself carefully, then easing myself into bed still naked. There was something under my pillow and I reached for it. 'Plastic Mike'! Thanks, Meg, I'm gonna need this tonight!

Next day, I went about my work in a somewhat abstracted state. I shot the house photos easily enough, then went home about eleven-thirty. No sooner was I in the door than the 'phone rang.

"Kate?"

"Yes?"

"It's Danny." Danny Aiello, the editor of the Tribune. "There's a rush job on. Cy's already out. Can you take it?"

"I need to be finished by four at the latest."

"Not a problem. It's the civic opening of the new Mall extension. It's timed for one, which means two, so you should be finished by three!"

"Okay, Danny. Am I formal?"

"No, it's supposed to be a relaxed affair, Kate, so be comfortable."

"Will do, Danny. I'll drop the pix off in the morning."

"Thanks, Kate. See ya!"

I scribbled a note for Meg to tell her I'd be home by four, then went off to do my civic duties. It was about three-fifty when I got home. No sign of Mike's pickup, and Meg was alone when I went in. Wearing one of my old kaftans, I noticed. Good girl!

"Sorry, sweetheart," I said, giving her a quick hug, "a rush job for the paper. I'm free now, so just let me grab a coffee and we'll sort out how we plan to do the photographs. Mike not here?"

"No. He 'phoned a little while ago." Meg grimaced. "He had to help his Uncle Bob. He'll be over about six."

"Well, let's see if we can't surprise him with some pictures. Come on, baby girl, let's see if we can't turn out something sexy!"

I started out by shooting conventional nudes. Nothing hidden, but no particular display. As far as I knew, Meg had never modeled before, certainly not nude, but she was a natural, hardly requiring any direction and I quickly got through a couple of rolls of film. I was sure that Mike would like the results. There was no doubt, my baby girl was a looker. I had a thought and paused, leaning on the camera.

"Meg, honey?"

"Yes, mom?"

"Do you think Mike would like a strip-tease sequence?"

"I think he'd go ape, mom!" Meg grinned vividly.

"Well?"

"Let's do it!"

So I shot a sequence which when Mike saw it, looked as if Meg had stripped for me. In reality, I had her get dressed for the camera, shooting the sequence in reverse order, so that she finished up fully clothed.

"I think I'll keep these on, mom," Meg said when we'd finished. "Can you have the photographs processed before Mike gets here?"

"Five-ten. If I load the processor now, they should be done before Mike arrives, if he's not coming until six."

"Would you, mom?" Meg grinned. "I'll cook dinner."

"Deal, baby!" I said, grabbing the rolls of film.

I had the films in the processor and Meg had dinner started when Mike showed up, but neither of us was finished as it was only five-twenty. There was someone in the pickup with Mike and whoever it was drove off as Mike came in.

"Hi, sweetheart," he said, kissing Meg. "Hi, Kate."

"Hi, yourself. Don't I rate a kiss?"

"Of course." Quick and light, but it still made my pussy tingle.

"I've taken some shots of Meg, they're in the processor. Should be ready by six."

"Great!" He grinned at us both, eyes sparkling.

We ate at six and at six-thirty had the pictures in the TV viewer. Mike watched in absorption while I ran through them. We went through them quickly as he wanted to take Meg out to the college basketball finals.

"I need to study those," he said, winking at me. "Serious research. Take me weeks."

Meg aimed a mock blow at him, then kissed him. "Don't forget to compare the pictures with the original."

"No way!"

"Mom?" said Meg.

"Yes, honey?"

"Can we take the car? It means a cab otherwise, because Mike's Uncle Bob has his pickup."

"Is that who was in the truck? Yes, of course. I'm in for the evening now. Here's the keys."

Mike and Meg were away by seven-thirty and I decided to have a swim. Naked of course. I was really getting into the nude swimmer thing, now that I didn't need to cover up when Mike was around. It was about eight-twenty when I went into the pool and I just trawled up and down for a while, enjoying the feeling of exercise. I was startled when the doorbell rang and for some reason assumed it was Mike and Meg come back early for some reason. I swam to the intercom, said, "In the pool. Come on through," and pressed the door release.

I went back to my swimming and was heading away from the house when movement caused me to glance over my shoulder. Oh shit! It wasn't Mike and Meg at all! It was a man, a stranger!

"I'm sorry," he began, but I interrupted him.

"I'm sorry," I said, "I thought it was my daughter, forgotten her key again." I looked over my shoulder at him. "There's a robe on the lounger. Would you put it down near the steps and turn your back please?" I said.

"Of course," he said.

I waited a moment then looked round. He'd put the robe beside the steps as I asked and was carefully studying the stucco on the wall which sheltered the pool. I grabbed the robe and pulled it over my wet body.

"All right, you can turn around now," I said. He did and I was faintly unnerved by the frank admiration in his eyes.

"May I help you, Mr?" I began.

"Larson, Bob Larson," he said and the vague familiarity crystallized.

"Larson! I know you, you're Mike's uncle!"

"That's right. I borrowed his pickup. He said he was staying here tonight, so I brought it back. I put my bike in the back, transport home." he smiled. A good smile. Reminded me of Tom's.

I smiled back at him. "Meg and Mike went out about half an hour ago. Basketball match, I think." I gestured towards the house. "Let me offer you a coffee or something, I'm usually a better hostess than this."

"You don't need to..." he began, but I waved him to silence.

"We don't get so many visitors that we turn them away. If you'll go through into the other room, I'll start the coffee and then put some clothes on." I flushed. "I'm sorry for the reception. I like swimming nude, it feels so much better." And why did I say that, I wondered.

"I know what you mean," he said, smiling.

"I won't be a moment," I said and went off to get changed. I didn't bother being clever, just had a very quick shower to rinse off, then towelled myself dry, threw on some underwear, jeans and a sweatshirt, and combed my hair out. I knew it would take a while to dry, so I just left it loose.

When I went downstairs I found Bob Larson looking at the photographs in the living-room. He had the photograph of me and Tom in his hand.

"My late husband," I said. I think I startled hum.

"Late?" he asked.

I took the picture from him and looked at it, remembering, before putting it back in its place. "He was killed in a car accident about four years ago."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know," he said gently.

"No reason why you should. Coffee?"

"Please."

I made the coffee and we chatted for about half an hour before he left. I had enjoyed his company and found myself wondering how he kissed, whether he'd be any good in bed, that sort of thing, then told myself not to be ridiculous, that he'd only accepted a coffee to be polite. I was fantasizing if I thought anything else. I sighed, thinking that at least he was an eligible escort for a lonely widow, because I knew he was divorced. It wasn't long after that when Mike and Meg came back. We watched TV for a while and then went to bed. At least I had 'Plastic Mike' for company. I fucked myself with him twice before I could sleep.

Over the next few days I found myself thinking about Bob Larson a lot, remembering his smile, his shaggy brown hair, touched with gray at the temples, his lopsided grin, his slow drawl of a voice. Despite the fact that he was somehow always on my mind and I was beginning to wonder how I could contrive to accidentally bump into him, it was a surprise when Meg answered the 'phone beside the pool on the Thursday evening. Mike was studying at home and Meg and I had been swimming. Naked, of course. The 'phone rang and Meg answered it as she was nearest.

"Hello?" She paused, then continued, "No, it's Meg. Hold on, please." She glanced towards me, holding out the phone. "Mom, phone for you." She gave me a grin, mouthing 'it's a man' silently.

"Hello?" I said, curious.

"Hi," said a remembered voice, sending a keen shock through me. "It's Bob Larson."

"Hello, Mr Larson. What can I do for you?" Fuck you, maybe? Down, girl!

"Mrs Evans. Do you mind if I call you Kathleen?"

"Yes," I said, "I prefer Kate."

He laughed. "Kate. Kate, would you consider doing me a great favor."

"Such as?"

"Will you have dinner with me?"

Yes! I paused, trying to remember my schedule, then asked, "When?"

"Tomorrow, Saturday, whenever."

"I'm working tomorrow and Saturday," I said. Damn!

There was a short pause, then he said, "It's seven-fifteen now. If I picked you up at eight-thirty, how about tonight?"

Don't be too eager, girl. Be cool! Huh! "I'd love to. Eight-thirty. Formal or casual?"

"Casual suit you?"

"Fine. I prefer sneakers to heels every time." But I'm partial to garter belts with the right man around.

"Great. See you at eight-thirty."

I hung up and looked at Meg. "Will you be all right by yourself, hon?"

"No sweat, mom, Mike will be here at eight. You going out?"

I put my hand on my hip and struck a pose. "Your mom has a date!"

"Hey! Anyone I know?"

"Mike's Uncle Bob."

"Oh, great! He's nice."

"Yes, baby, I think so too." I paused for a moment, lost in thought.

Meg grinned at me. "I just know he'd love to see you like that, mom, but don't you think you should put some clothes on?"

"You're probably right, baby. Perhaps I should." I smiled at Meg and went up to my bathroom for a shower. When I'd finished, I studied my wardrobe. Sneakers, I'd said. Well, perhaps not. I picked out a bra and panties set in pale blue, decided not to wear stockings or pantyhose and picked out a reasonably demure pleated green skirt and plain white blouse. I wasn't kidding about the heels and picked out a comfortable pair of tan loafers.

Before I dressed I added a touch of perfume to various spots of my anatomy, including one or two which no self-respecting widow should expect a man to reach on a first date. I was just fastening the last buttons on the blouse when the doorbell rang, so I quickly wrapped the skirt around myself and kicked my feet into the loafers.

Meg had opened the door and let Bob in and his face lit up when I walked in. 'He wants me', I thought, and felt a glow spread through me.

"Kate, you look lovely," he said.

I smiled and just said simply, "Thank you," then picked up my purse up, took my shawl from the back of the couch and smiled at him.

"Okay," I said. "Let's go." I stooped and kissed Megan. "Bye, sweetheart. If I'm late I'll see you at breakfast."

We went out. I'm not sure what I was expecting in the way of transport, but the black Porsche took me by surprise. I smiled at Bob. "Impressive."
