 As she stood on the platform, waiting for the underground commuter train to arrive, Kate surveyed the crowd forming around her. The number of passengers did not appear excessive today, and she silently let out a sigh of relief to herself. 

Kate rode the train to and from work nearly every day. Most of her journey was usually fairy comfortable, but the evening commutes were always busy. Some days, the train was absolutely packed, and she looked forward to these least of all. Kate did not suffer from a strong phobia of crowds, but she occasionally felt slightly claustrophobic, and usually did not enjoy a bunch of strangers packed into her personal space. 

The train arrived, and Kate joined the rest of the passengers filing onto the cars. Most of the seats were already taken, and Kate chose a standing position away from the doors. She would be on the train for a fair number of stops, and preferred to avoid being in the way of others shuffling on and off the doors at each station. 

She glanced around for signs of any creepy "touchy-feely" passengers. These were extremely rare, but they did exist. Kate had a tall, tight athletic build, cute short blond hair, and large blue eyes. Though she dressed prim and proper, she knew that she sometimes still provided an attractive target to those out for a cheap feel. The crowded trains provided ample opportunity for "accidental" touches that were not always welcome. 

Kate wondered how much worse the unwanted attention might be if the whole truth about her were obvious from first glance. "If they only knew the details of the body and mind that hide under these conservative work clothes" Kate thought to herself. Kate was a regular runner, and kept her body well toned. She had a tight ass, perky small breasts, and strong legs. She also kept her pubic hair shaved clean. She loved the smooth skin that secretly made her feel naughty inside. The lack of hair also enhanced the sensations when she rubbed her pussy, which she did often. 

Though her professional outward appearance gave no hints to the truth, Kate had recently re-discovered her intense sexual side. Though she longed to share that secret side of herself with an equally passionate partner, the current demands of her profession and personal life had prevented her the time to allow for anyone serious in a long time. 

Kate smiled to herself as she thought back through her sexual history, recalling the major events and discoveries that had shaped her sexual side. Her memories would always begin as a teenager, lying awake in bed at night, her fingers slowly exploring the curves and folds of her body. One night, after paying extra attention to her pussy, and thrilling in the intense sensations that made it wetter and wetter, she brought herself to her very first orgasm. Kate savored the explosive memory, and smiled to herself remembering how much she had struggled to control her voice to avoid awakening her sleeping family. 

A year later, she had her first encounter with a partner. They had both been quite inexperienced, and their eager groping of each other's bodies had been passionate, although highly clumsy. However, Kate had surprised herself by rapidly wrapping her mouth around his hard cock and discovering the experience thrilled and excited her. Her attention had quickly resulted in his cock exploding with cum all over her chest. Though a little taken aback by her own bold actions, Kate spent every night the following week furiously rubbing her pussy to orgasm at the lust-filled memory. 

Thinking about that 'first' always made Kate shift to thinking about her first real boyfriend, and all the firsts they had explored together. Her mind quickly flashed through the memories of their first sex together, the first times he swallowed his cum, the first time she had been penetrated from behind, and the first time she had ridden one top of him, and his cum filling her pussy as she screamed in orgasm. 

As their relationship had progressed, so had their sexual experiences. Kate always felt a wave of extreme naughtiness when she recalled the role play they had performed, the spankings she had enjoyed receiving, and the times she had loved being tied up and at his complete control. And then she always shivered deep inside when she recalled discovering the incredible sensations his finger caused when he has first slipped it inside her ass. Those sensations had awakened her most secret desires to let out the naughtiest sexual desires that lived deep inside her, finally free to be expressed. 

Sadly, personal differences and moves for careers brought that relationship to an end after a few years. Kate had experienced other adventures since, but the long series of 'firsts' always made that relationship special in her mind. 

Brought back out of her daydreaming, Kate became aware that during the last few stops, the train had begun to fill at a rate a bit higher than normal. There was less and less open space to stand at each stop, and each time more people boarded the car than then number who disembarked. Soon, the crowd was filling in all around Kate. 

Kate was a little surprised to notice her claustrophobic feeling beginning to rise. She reminded herself she had comfortably ridden on trains as crowded as this before with no issues. She took a few deep breaths and found herself beginning to relax a bit. Biting her lip, she worked to get her panic under control. 

Before completely calming down, the train pulled into the next stop. Kate's heart sunk a little as she saw the huge number of people waiting on the platform. The doors opened and a few passengers stepped out. But it seemed like 10 times as many stood ready to take their places. The car filled and Kate was completely blocked in. She could barely move without bumping people. Despite all rational thought, she was suddenly feeling very panicked. She struggled to contain her racing thoughts, and control her breathing. 

She concentrated on the gentle rolling movement of the train, trying to block out her terrified thoughts. Without warning, the car lurched to the side, and most of the passengers shifted abruptly. With nowhere to step, the bodies bumped together in a multitude of collisions. A domino-like effect tumbled several people into the front of Kate, nearly knocking her backwards off her feet. 

As she fought to keep herself from tumbling, Kate felt arms wrap around her from behind. She was terrified and furious at the violation! How dare someone restrain her like this? What right did this person have to invade her personal space? The shock and anger and terror nearly paralyzed Kate, and she couldn't even bring herself to yell. 

Then she realized that the person behind her was not holding her tightly. Rather, the arms were forming a barrier or cage around her, holding back the other unbalanced bodies that would be otherwise pressed into her, possibly crushed against her. This mystery person must have been exerting a great deal of strength to hold back the pressure of the crowd. 

Kate tried to turn around, but only managed a slight movement. Unable to get a glimpse of anyone behind her, she could feel a bearded face by the side of her head, and realized that the powerful arms almost hugging her must obviously belong to a man. A surprisingly smooth voice began to whisper in her ear. 

"Don't be scared, I mean you no harm. I saw you lose your balance and was scared you could fall in this crowd. I apologize for the intrusion, but I didn't want you to be hurt. You had a look of panic on your face a moment ago. I'm guessing you don't like crowds?" 

Astonished by all this and at a lack for words, Kate could only nod her head. She felt the stranger's arms tighten around her, but in a comforting manner that was not too excessively snug. 

"I promise I'll keep you safe. Just relax and breathe slowly. Take your time, and don't worry about a thing." 

Despite her normally strong independent nature, Kate found herself giving in to this unexpected closeness. The temptation to let go completely and trust this unknown benefactor was overwhelming. Kate didn't know why, but she instinctively felt safe in this man's arms, like nothing in the world could hurt her. 

As the pressure from the crowd around her lessened a bit, Kate found herself leaning into the embrace, rather than moving away. Part of her mind screamed at her that this was lunacy, but she felt a strong desire to completely ignore that and give in to the rest of her feelings for closeness. 

The unexpected and inexplicable feelings of complete safely melted away Kate's earlier panic. As the train slowed for the next stop, Kate realized that an opportunity would present for her to turn around and actually face this shocking stranger. 

Her first impression was a look of kindness. He had an unremarkable round face, curly hair, hazel eyes, and a close trimmed beard. His hands still on Kate's shoulders, he smiled at her. 

"Well, hello, I'm Doug. Sorry for the unexpected hug there, I hope you don't mind too much. Honestly, it's not my normal thing to just grab onto strangers like that." 

Still overwhelmed by the emotional roller coaster Kate had just experienced, she barely managed a feeble "I'm Kate..." followed by an almost breathless "thank you..." 

Looking into Doug's eyes, something melted inside Kate. She was suddenly crushed by the full emotional weight of all the loneliness she had experienced and attempted to ignore during the last few years. As her words of gratitude faded on her lips, she buried her face in Doug's chest, wrapped her arms around him, and felt tears welling up in her eyes. A complicated mix of emotions released inside, the full effect of her panic and earlier naughty thoughts and sudden shock at Doug's appearance leaving Kate with no idea what to think or act for several moments. 

When she finally felt in control of herself, she looked up into Doug's questioning face. "I'm so sorry", Kate blurted out, "this is so unlike me to lose control like this. I don't know what has gotten into me." 

"I guess you had quite a scare, Kate. But don't worry about it. We all have rough moments from time to time." 

"You know, Doug, you must be a really sweet guy. I feel so embarrassed to lose it like that, but you seem so understanding." 

Doug began to blush slightly at the compliment. "You are too kind. It was just luck that had me here- I'm glad I could help." 

As a sizable group filed off the train, Doug suggested, "Why don't we stop off here for a moment. I think you might enjoy some space for a few minutes." 

"Good idea." As Kate shakily stepped towards the platform, she suddenly felt a comforting hand in hers. She turned to Doug, who had a big smile on his face. "Well, aren't you the smooth one?" Kate giggled. "Actually, this is only one stop away from mine." 

"Let's go up to the street and walk for a bit" suggested Doug. "The fresh air might do you good." 

"Either you are playing the part of the perfect gentleman, escorting me home, or else this is some devious scheme to find out where I live." 

Doug raised an eyebrow and teasingly replied "Maybe I am doing both". Then he broke out with a silly grin. 

"Okay, you get bonus points for making me laugh. Let's go." 

Doug offered his arm in a formal escort style, and Kate wound her arm through his as they made their way up to the street and walked several blocks to her apartment. She was still stunned by the whole experience so far, and did not speak much during their walk. However, she was acutely aware that she enjoyed this romantic walk with Doug, and was beginning to hope this night wasn't going to end when they reached her door. 

At the bottom of the steps to her building, Kate turned to Doug. "Thank you so much for what you did for me tonight. I'm still embarrassed about my reaction to everything." 

Doug placed his hands on Kate's shoulders. "Seriously, it was nothing. I'm glad I could help. Are you certain you are all right now?" 

"Yes, I'm finally calmed down. It all seems so silly now." Kate looked up at Doug. 

Gazing into her bright eyes, Doug realized how amazingly beautiful her face was. He suddenly placed his hands on the sides of her face, and pulled himself to her in a passionate kiss. Kate was surprised by the sudden sensation of Doug's lips on hers, but then surprised herself even more when she kissed him back just as intensely. All the months of loneliness she had experienced melted away as she realized just how much she wanted Doug here with her. 

Kate wrapped her arms tightly around Doug, and her tongue slipped between his lips. He eagerly kissed her back, both feeling a surge of sensation and emotion. When they finally broke their embrace, they stood staring into each other's eyes. Finally, Doug began to speak. 

"Wow. I'm a bit-"... Doug stopped speaking as Kate's finger suddenly feel across his lips, silencing him. 

Kate fumbled in her pocket for her keys, quickly unlocked her front door, and practically dragged Doug inside behind her. As the door swung shut behind them, Doug responded to Kate's bold gesture, pushing her up against the wall, crushing his lips to hers, his body weight pressing into her. She felt a massive surge of lust swell up inside her, as she pulled his body to hers, wanting to consume him. 

They pulled off each other's coats, not caring where they fell. Kate smoothly slipped off her shoes, and Doug quickly crouched to untie and remove his own. The moment he stood up, Kate practically leaped into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist as his strong arms supported her body to him. Their lips met again, as strongly and passionately as before. 

Doug kissed down Kate's cheek and chin, placing soft kisses on her neck. She threw her head back and softly moaned as the sensations sent ripples through her body. She could feel his hands cupping her ass, and gasped as he squeezed her. Kate's legs released Doug, and her feet dropped to the floor. She took his hand, deliberately leading him to her bedroom. She gently pushed him back on the bed, climbed on top of him, and kissed him once more on his lips. 

Doug slowly caressed Kate's back, running his hands from her shoulders to her ass. She sat up, pulled her shirt over her head, unhooked her bra, and her perky breasts were hanging in Doug's face. His hands grasped her shoulders as his lips and tongue eagerly wrapped around one of Kate's nipples. The already stiff bud immediately hardened more, almost aching. Kate groaned and buried her mouth into Doug's neck, teasing her tongue over his skin. Doug's tongue eagerly responded, swirling around her nipple. Then he switched to her other breast, and she gasped louder as he pleasured her other nipple. 

Despite the layers of jeans between their bodies, Kate could feel the bulge in Doug's pants, and ground her crotch to his, feeling the heat and pressure in her soaking wet pussy. She tugged Doug's shirt off over his head, and began kissing his neck and chest. She kissed her way lower and lower, her fingers undoing his belt buckle and the button of his jeans. 

Her fingers still grasping the waistband of Doug's jeans, Kate lowered her lips to his swelling cock, slowing moving her mouth up and down the outline of him straining against the material. Even such an indirect sensation made Doug groan and buck his hips. Kate pulled open his zipper and slid Doug's jeans and shorts off in one motion. 

Released from confinement, Doug's cock sprang free. Kate's fingers wrapped around the still growing shaft, sliding Doug's foreskin back, exposing his sensitive cock head. She placed several soft kisses on the head, then pursed her lips and slowly slid them up the underside of his cock. When she reached his sensitive frenulum, her tongue darted out and quickly teased that spot. Doug moaned, his fingers gently running through Kate's hair, caressing her head. 

Kate wrapped her hand around the shaft of Doug's cock, slowly stroking him up and down. She placed her moist lips on the tip of his cock, and then pushed her head slowly downward, feeling him slide into her eager mouth. Doug moaned, and couldn't restrain himself from gasping "Oh my gosh!" at the sensation of Kate's talented mouth. Kate began sucking and stroking in earnest, while Doug's hands placed gentle pressure on the back of her head in a manner she found controlling and exciting. 

After mere moments of Kate's expert attention, Doug felt the beginnings of orgasmic tension building. He sat forward and pulled Kate's face to his, softly kissing her in appreciation of her wonderful attention. He gazed deeply into her lustful eyes, losing himself in this amazing passionate woman. 

Doug rolled Kate onto her back, and resumed the kissing and licking of her breasts and nipples. She let out quiet moans which encouraged him even more. She helped him unbutton her jeans, and slip them down her toned legs. Doug began kissing Kate's tummy and hips, moving lower to plant kisses all over her thighs. He could see and smell that she had soaked her panties with her intoxicating juices. As Doug's kisses moved closer to her pussy, Kate's entire body trembled in anticipation. 

Doug planted a firm kiss directly on Kate's pussy, his lips pressing into the thin material of her underwear. Her pussy gushed more juices into the already soaked cloth. When Doug's lips pinched her clit through her panties, she nearly screamed. Her fingers wound into his curly hair, pulling his head and face harder against her pussy. 

When she finally let him up for air, Doug pulled off Kate's panties, and she spread her legs wide, inviting him into her drenched pussy. Doug slid a hand under each thigh, and began gently kissing Kate's wet lips. She grabbed his head again and tried to push him roughly into her, but he resisted, only teasing her lightly with his lips and tongue. 

Kate began begging for more, "Please, please, please...", as Doug mercilessly teased her with carefully controlled pressure. His tongue poked out, gradually parting her lips the slightest amount as he licked her pussy in an upwards motion. He repeated this over and over, each time pressing slightly deeper between her lips. The juices flooding out from her pussy drove him wild with smell and taste. When Kate had whimpered enough, and Doug could resist no longer, he suddenly plunged his tongue as far into her pussy as he could, pulling her hips to him hard and holding deep inside her. 

Kate gasped at the sudden penetration, her pussy clenching in sensation. Each motion made her want him more, and made her pussy spasm. She gasped as she felt his tongue moving up between her lips, this time with much heavier pressure than before. When Doug's tongue brushed her clit, Kate nearly exploded in sensation. She desperately pulled his head to her, and Doug responded with several fast licks of Kate's stiffened clit. She shrieked with delight. 

Her orgasm built within her in waves. When Kate felt Doug's lips gently pinch her clit, she knew the point of no return had arrived. As his tongue thrashed the tip of her clit, Kate's orgasm exploded inside her, enveloping her with waves of pleasure that threatened to consume her. Her entire being focused on the intense sensations in her body. Each wave of pleasure seemed to make Doug's tongue move even faster on her clit. 

As her orgasm faded, the sensations on Kate's clit became too intense. She couldn't take the potency, and started to push Doug's face away from her. He resisted. She was in tortured pleasurable agony. His tongue continued to lick her super sensitive clit, and she thought she felt like she would literally explode if he didn't stop. 

If anything, Doug's dedication to pleasuring Kate's pussy only seemed to amplify. At the moment she thought she would lose her entire mind and being, she was shocked to feel another orgasm suddenly hit her like a freight train. She pulled his head back to her and bucked her hips in uncontrolled lust and passion. Wave after wave of sensation crashed over Kate, and she came with an intensity she could scarcely believe. 
