 "Goddamn middle managers!" Katelyn raged to no one in particular as she took out her frustrations on the dashboard of her car.

Her meeting had not gone as she'd hoped. The prick from Gerson Manufacturing was not the decision-maker she'd hoped he was, but just another suit that stood between her and her first big sale. The labyrinthine corporate structure was a mystery Katelyn was only just beginning to understand, and the meeting with Blake was another lesson in the layers of bureaucracy wedged between sales people and the buyers.

It wasn't like Blake was a bad guy, either. He was just a regular working man, too boring and unremarkable, in both looks and personality, to feel much of anything for, even frustration. And he had told her he had to take her proposal to his boss, so it wasn't like he'd given her a hard "no." But the frustration was still there. 

Katelyn was still feeling her way along in her new job, but she had always had high expectations for herself. And the fact that she still had not closed a big sale annoyed her.

Pounding her steering wheel was not a constructive use of her energies, so she put her car in gear and drove out of the parking lot toward home. She put in her favorite CD and lost herself in the drive, blasting Britney Spears and feeling the frustrations ebb away with the miles.

Jake was out of town this weekend, so she had to find a way to work out her frustrations that did not involve a nice angry fucking. Perhaps a little wine and some mindless television would help get her back to her normal self.

She flipped on the TV and popped poured herself a glass, but she could still not let go of her frustrations. Katelyn really wanted to be good in her job, and the fact that she could not make headway with Gerson bothered her. 

A more experienced salesperson would probably know what to do, she thought. But her background as a waitress and a secretary had not prepared her for the twists and turns of closing a sale. 

Executive assistant, she corrected herself. Secretaries like to be called executive assistants now. Corporate speak was like a foreign language to Katelyn, and its speakers were prickly about titles, she'd found.

Jake always said he jerked off to relieve frustration. That she could do, even if she couldn't close a sale, and her shower head did things to her that made separation from her boyfriend decidedly less boring.

It was too early for Cinemax to be showing anything that would help her get off, but she flipped it on anyway. A silly Chris Farley comedy was showing, but it looked like something good might follow. Katelyn went to get another glass of wine to help drown the self-imposed stress.

As she sat down with her liquid stress reliever, Farley and his little buddy David Spade were sitting in a diner on the television. They were discussing sales, and Katelyn's ears perked up. When Spade said something about selling yourself was more important than the product, Katelyn gasped.

"Holy shit!" she said. She realized that this dumb movie had just given her an insight. She had been trying to sell Katelyn, the hardcore corporate salesperson. She had largely forgotten about Katie, the fun and flirty waitress that earned big tips by being herself. Her ample breasts did not hurt her quest for tips, either, but she always thought her fun-loving personality had been the key.

In fact, she realized, Katie had probably been the one who was promoted from secretary into the sales department, as her sales manager always smiled and had a joke for her when she was answering phones and taking messages for him.

Monday morning came, and Katelyn's first order of business was calling Blake at Gerson. 

"Blake, did your boss get a chance to look at my proposal?" she asked. 

"Not yet. He doesn't work on the weekends, you know," Blake said a little huffily.

Thinking of Katie, she said, "Come on, Blake, couldn't you talk to him about it now? I'd be forever in your debt." It was corny, but also a little flirty. Surprisingly his tone softened, and he said he'd talk to Mr. Gerson today.

That was a big step. Katelyn knew that Gerson shipped computer components all over the country, and her company's pricing was very competitive. And they had more trucks than the other logistics companies in the area, so she really felt that she had a chance of closing the deal.

The rest of the day was taken up with expense reports, call backs and all of the other minutiae that go with being a salesperson. Her phone rang late in the afternoon, and it was Blake.

"Katelyn, these numbers seem a little too good to be true," he said without preamble.

Her boss had said she had some discretion when it came to Gerson. The company had been trying to land the account for more than a year with no success. When she had first been assigned the account, Katelyn had assumed it was a test that new salespeople were given to test their humility. She knew it was a tough nut to crack, but she wanted to show her days as a waitress were over.

She told Blake that the figures were accurate, and used the opening to ask for a meeting with his boss. Blake said that his boss wanted him to check the accuracy of these figures, and asked if she was willing to meet before the end of day. She thought this was a good sign, so she agreed immediately.

Upon arriving at Gerson, she found an empty parking lot. Fearing that she had messed up the time, she called Blake from the parking lot and was relieved when he picked up his office line. Remember Katie, she said.

"What's a cutie like you doing working so late," she said.

"My wife never expects me home for supper, so I usually eat here," he said. "Managing logistics don't really allow for a lot of time off."

"Well a hard worker like you deserves a little reward every now and then," she said flirtingly. "Why don't you bring your stuff down and talk to me over dinner. My treat."

Blake protested a little, but eventually agreed. He came out the front door with what looked like a laptop bag and several folders. It looked like it would be a working dinner.

"McGill's ok?" Katelyn asked when he sat down in her passenger seat. Blake agreed. McGill's was a nice little bar and grill around the corner. It should be fairly slow tonight, as it wasn't really a sports bar, so they should be able to talk some business.

As she walked through the doors, she could feel herself relax. Little places like this were familiar territory for her, and she could feel her confidence returning. The stares she was getting from the guys at the bar didn't hurt her confidence level either, as she could almost hear them asking what a cute blonde like her was doing with a boring guy like Blake.

When they found a table a pretty young waitress stopped by to take drink orders. Blake ordered a beer and she followed suit, glad to have some liquid courage to help her burgeoning confidence. 

Blake got back to business though. By the time the waitress returned with their beers, they were already knee-deep into a conversation that they'd had before. She assured him the figures were accurate, but he did not seem to want to take "yes" for an answer.

After they ordered food, Katelyn decided to try a different tack. Katie had always found that a little touch can bring down a lot of barriers, so Katelyn reached over and touched Blake's hand and told him not to talk business while they ate.

And it worked. Blake actually blushed a little, and suddenly his smugness abated as he stammered his assent. She ordered another round without asking, and began talking to Blake about his personal life. Katelyn could feel Katie coming front and center as she chatted and casually flirted across the table. The food was good and the service was excellent, so they were never without a drink. And she could tell they were both feeling a little buzzed.

Blake was growing more talkative by the moment, and she knew that having the attention of an attractive woman was bringing out a more agreeable side do him, and Katelyn decided to make her move.

"Listen, I understand you and your boss don't want to sign an exclusive contract, but you should let us show you what we can do on a trial basis," Katelyn said. Blake paused and she felt his resistance give way a bit. 

"I might be able to authorize that," Blake said, with a hint of smugness returning to his voice. "But we haven't really had any problems with our current shipper. What can you offer?"

This was big. Katelyn had not even realized Blake had the authority to make that kind of call, but now she realized she could get a foot in the door. But what could she say that she hadn't already said. Katie had an idea, and the drinks had lowered her inhibitions enough to up the ante on the flirtatiousness.

"Does your current salesperson swallow?" she said with a giggle.

His eyes widened and his smugness disappeared. Suddenly he was a bumbling teenager rather than an officious middle-aged middle manager. 

"Uh no, as far as I know," Blake said. "But I'd like to hear more about that service."

Katelyn had assumed he'd say something along those lines, and she replied by excusing herself for a second.

In the ladies' room, she looked at herself in the mirror. Her blue eyes stared back at her, and she debated whether or not she should play it off as a joke or go ahead with it. She wasn't sure if it was the naughtiness of what she had just offered, or the buzz she was feeling from the alcohol, but she was feeling a little flushed and felt a little dampness in her panties.

"What the hell," she thought, thinking of her commission. "If I'm going to prostitute myself for this deal, at least I will be well paid."

A determined Katelyn walked back to the table, and asked Blake if he was ready to hammer out the details of their deal back at the office.

Blake wasted no time in agreeing, and was in such a hurry to get to the car that he paid for their bill despite her earlier offer to pick up the check.

She sat in the passenger seat and told Blake to drive. Neither of them bothered with conversation on the short drive back to his office. As they pulled into the parking lot, Katelyn unbuttoned her top and took her bra off, so Blake could take in her DD breasts.

"Are you starting to see the advantages of our company yet?" Katelyn asked.

Before she could think better of it, she reached over and felt Blake's cock through his khaki pants. Average sized cock for an average guy, she thought. She unzipped his pants and held his hard on in her hands while she looked him in the eyes. All of her boyfriends had always complimented her on her blow job skills. She wasn't sure if it was her technique or the fact that she just loved to do it that made it so good, but Blake was about to find out.

She leaned in and gave his cock head a little lick before taking him all the way into her mouth. Blake grunted as his cock head hit the back of her throat, and she imagined that he'd never been deepthroated before.

Katelyn pulled off of him and looked at him again, smiled and winked. Then she went back down on him all the way again, tonguing his balls a bit with his dick all the way in. Her spit had his cock lubed nicely, so she took it out of her mouth and stroked it while tickling his balls with her tongue.

With his cock in her hand and his balls in her mouth, Katelyn knew he would do whatever she wanted. And she wanted the sale, and the accompanying commission, so she made went back to the job she knew better than sales.

Her mouth covered just the below head now, and she tongued that special spot under the head that guys loved. All the while she stroked and gently twisted the shaft. Her other hand joined the party, moving in the opposite direction as the first, all while she sucked up and down on the head of his cock.

She knew it wouldn't be long now, and it wasn't. Blake grunted a bit and she felt his cock twitch, and just like that he was shooting his load into her mouth with a groan of sheer pleasure.

When he finished, she opened her mouth to show him his load before swallowing it down. Then she bent back in and cleaned up his now diminishing cock with her mouth.

Blake mumbled an apology for finishing so quickly, but Katelyn knew most guys would be unable to last much longer than him in her talented mouth.

"So, the service we provide is satisfactory then?" she said with a grin.

"Very satisfactory," he stammered.

"When can I expect those shipping orders?"

"First thing in the morning," Blake said with a blush.

With that, he got out of her car, and she climbed back into the driver's seat. As she put the car in gear and started home, her mind was in a blur. She realized that she'd just sucked a dick to get a sale, and that basically made her a whore. But at the same time, she had to face the fact that the dirtiness of the whole thing had her as turned on as she'd been in a long time. 

Her lust and her conscience battled all the way home, until she heard her BlackBerry buzzing. She opened her email and found a purchase order for shipments starting at the end of the week. The thought of her commission and her horniness commingled nicely, and she told her conscience to shut the fuck up.

She would not need any help from Cinemax tonight.