 All characters depicted in this story are 18 years or older!

Kathy was getting excited just thinking about the evening. She and her husband Stan were going to a summer party at his boss's house. Kathy wanted to make sure she made a big impression on her husband's boss Dave. She had done some research and found out that Dave had a daughter who went to St. Trinian's, a very expensive private school. Kathy had gone out and purchased a St. Trinian's uniform, a grey pleated skirt, white blouse, knee high socks and loafers. She had dyed her blonde hair blonde and tied it back in a pony tail. She actually looked very much the part of the innocent young school girl despite the fact that she was 26. Well, maybe not so innocent as she had shortened the skirt to show off a lot of shapely leg. Kathy had a waspishly thin waist above which her generous 36-D breasts bulged dramatically. She had strategically chosen the blouse to be a little tight to take full advantage of her generous assets. She had a little white purse she wore on one shoulder. She was quite pleased with her schoolgirl look as was her husband Stan, judging by the way he kept stealing glances at her as they drove to the party. She slid over a little closer to him on the front seat and casually rested her hand on his thigh.

"How do you like me as a blonde, baby? I hope this outfit isn't too slutty! What do you think?..."

"You look great Kath!..." Stan enthused, his head swiveling back and forth from the road to his hot wife.

" Why don't we just turn around and forget this party? We could go over to the schoolyard and play on the swings. I'll push you for as long as you like!..."

Kathy giggled at Stan's lecherous approval and let her hand drift over onto the bulge in his crotch

" It feels like you'd like to give me a big push, you perv!...You wouldn't fuck a schoolgirl would you lover?..." she teased, as she pressed her little hand over his straining erection.

"Ummmmm, baby!...Take it out!...Please!...Just play with it a little like you used to!..." Stan wheedled.

Kathy considered her husband's needy request. It was true, she used to jack him off for hours in the car when they traveled, before they had been married for five years. She hadn't done that in a long time. She wasn't sure that this was the best moment but she decided to play along with her husband for a little bit.

"Lift up baby!.." she said as she deftly pulled down his zipper and his pants. In no time she was fondling his bare, turgid cock as they drove along.

"Ahhhh!...God!...Yesss!...That's so hot!...Keep going!..." Stan gasped as his little wife began to gently jog her fist up and down his rampant tool.

"Don't get too excited lover! We're going to be at the party in a minute and you know I have plans to impress your boss!.... You said you were all right with that!... You don't mind do you baby?...You know I only want to help!..." Kathy murmured, cruising her thumb around and around the crimson dome of Stan's cock, making the pre-come seep madly from his throbbing tool. She knew she could have anything she wanted when he was this excited and she had his cock in her hand. He wasn't going to refuse her now!

"Umm hmmmm!...It's O.K.!...Have fun!...Ahhhh!... Just don't stop!..." Stan hissed, his hips shifting uncontrollably as his naughty wife worked him over. 

"You're a pet!.." Kathy giggled as she masturbated Stan's now come-slick rod. His excitement was contagious and she could feel the juices dampening her own panties as her husband writhed under her practiced fondling.

A few moments later they were parking on the street in a line of cars in front of Stan's boss's house. As they pulled in, Kathy reluctantly released Stan's quivering erection.

"Wait!..." he cried as he put the car in park and lunged across the seat, covering his wife's lips with his. Feverishly his tongue darted in and out of her mouth as one of his big hands reached under her little skirt and palmed the moist gusset of her panties.

" Oh baby!...We shouldn't!..." Kathy groaned in indecision. But with Stan's breath gusting hotly in her mouth and his hand groping her seething loins she was thinking a quickie in the car might not be a bad idea before they went in.

" Don't Stan!...Don't baby!...You're going to make me a mess!..." Kathy whimpered as she lifted her bum and her husband worked her panties down her thighs.

"No I won't baby!...Look what I brought!... A schoolgirl's best friend!..." Stan chuckled, popping open the glove compartment and reaching inside. He pulled out an impossibly thick dildo that had pointy little knobs under the head and bulging plastic veins down the shaft. His eyes danced merrily into his wife's as he laid the intimidating tool on her thigh. He slid it upwards until the hard nosed phallus parted her swollen labia.

"Oh no you bastard!...Don't!...Not that!..." Kathy pleaded, sliding sideways across the seat and away from the pressing dildo.

But Stan just slid across the seat with her, and when she was jammed up against the door he twisted the first couple of inches of the fat tool into her drooling cunt mouth.

"Unnngh!...Shit!...NNnnn!...Ohhh Fuck!...Nooo!..." Kathy moaned as her husband forced the plundering tool slowy but steadily into her, stretching her greasy hole thrillingly. Hot flashes of excitement seethed through her loins as Stan attacked her pussy with her favorite toy.

"You know you love it you little tease!...Let's just get you in the mood to party!.." Stan taunted with a broad grin as he patiently twisted the fat dildo inwards until the whole thing was seated fully inside Kathy's gaping vagina.

"Naaaa!...Fuckkk!...Goddd!..." Kathy groaned, her eyes bulging from their sockets as her cunt throbbed feverishly around the fat plastic dick.

"And speaking about the party, don't forget about what you have in mind for our gracious host!..." Stan teased, putting his hands on the back of his wife's head and pulling it down into his lap.

"You bastard!...Mmmmphhh!..." she swore in a muffled groan just as her husband hunched his rampant cock between her lipstick covered lips.

"Yessss!...That's it!...Show me what you've got in store for good old Dave!...Oh Christ!... You're so good!...You're going to blow his mind!...Yessss!..." Stan groaned as his wife took his steely erection in her mouth and began to suck on it.

Kathy was writhing around so excitedly on the hard dildo that was skewering her guts that she was hardly aware of the big cock filling her mouth. Stan knew she was getting herself worked up for a big come, but he had another plan in mind. Keeping one hand firmly on his wife's head, he reached between her writhing loins with his other hand and turned on the vibrating dildo to full speed.

"Naaaaa!...MMMffff!...Ghhaaaa!...Kathy cried gutturally. She stiffened and twisted as the dildo buzzed mercilessly inside her. Stan had to use two hands to keep her head down and her mouth on his cock. But the good news was that she was now lunging up and down frenziedly on his near orgasmic cock as the dildo excited her.

Kathy's cunt was twitching and spasming feverishly but she could never come on that damn dildo when Stan had it cranked up all the way. It was just too damn intense and the bastard knew it!

She was frantically excited and she sucked her husband's cock with all the passion and frustration that was screaming through her loins.

"Ahhhh!...Goddd!...Yesss!...Unn Hnnn!...I'm gonna come!...Unnn!... I'm coming!..." Stan cried, bucking his loins frantically in response to his wife's slavish cocksucking. He savaged her mouth with his thrusting prick and she plunged up and down in his lap without missing a beat.

"Mmmmm!.....Mmmm Hmmmm!....Mmmm Hmmm!..." she moaned gutturally as her husband stiffened and arched up dramatically under her leeching suck.

"Ahhhhh!...Naaaa!...Godddd!...Ahhh!...Nnnn!...Nnnn!..." Stan bellowed as his balls convulsed and his come jetted from his cock in huge, steaming volleys.

"Mmmmm!...Mmmmmm Hmmm!...Mmmm Hmmm!...Mmmm Hmmm!...." Kathy encouraged, sucking sharply on Stan's pulsing knob in time with his ejaculation. She knew that he found this enormously exciting. She could usually make him come for long minutes with this technique but tonight she just wanted to drain him so that he could take care of her furiously creaming pussy.

"Ahhhh!...Goddd!...You are such a hot!... fucking!... little!... schoolgirl!..." Stan gasped as his cock cream spewed in response to his wife's lurid suck.. She couldn't keep up with the urgent flow and he smiled to see the viscous cream bubbling out of the corners of her mouth and dripping down her chin,

"Ahhhh!...Godddd!...That! ...Was!... Great!..." he groaned, hunching up in time with the last few spasms that wracked his groin and dribbling the last of his sperm into his wife's siphoning mouth. Gently he lifted her face up from his lap and smiled down into her beseeching eyes.

"Make me come you bastard!....Don't leave me like this!..." Kathy hissed, starting to climb up onto Stan's still bare lap.

Stan reached down and cooly yanked the plundering dildo out of his wife's sodden pussy!

"Ahhhh!... Yesss!...Fuck me you prick!..." the frantic wife demanded as the hard plastic invader tore through her pulsing labia, leaving he cunt yawning and empty and desperately frustrated.

Stan reached between his wife's wide spread thighs once more, into the glove compartment and found what he was looking for. His hand drifted back under his wife's swiveling loins. 

"I think you need to keep that edge for the party sweetheart!...This should help!..."

With a twist of his wrist, Stan thrust a short tapered little butt plug deftly into Kathy's unprepared ass.

"Ahhhhh!...Shittt!..." the surprised housewife shrieked frantically. She straightened up in shocked surprise, banging her head on the roof of the car as the plastic plug stretched and filled her.

Stan took the opportunity to slide out from under his quivering, panting schoolgirl/wife, closed his pants and began to straighten himself up.

"You miserable fucking asshole!...Don't leave me like this?..." Kathy demanded as her pussy sizzled with unfulfilled lust. She stared hard into her husband's twinkling eyes and realized he was enjoying her frustration tremendously.

"Just pull yourself together baby!...There's nothing more exciting than the look of a freshly fucked schoolgirl!...And you do look unbelievably hot!...You're pretty excited aren't you?..."

"You shit!... You know I'm dying for it!...How am I supposed to go to the party like this!"

"I think you're perfect Kath!...Old Dave is going to think he's died and gone to heaven!...Take it easy on him, O.K.?...I definitely know he's not ready for you when you're in a mood like this!.."

Kathy snarled and muttered a little further at her husband but she knew it was useless. She grabbed her panties and reached back to remove the butt plug. But Stan took hold of her wrists and held them hard as he whispered.

"Forget the panties baby!...And the butt plug stays in!...You're going in just the way you are!...Trust me!... I know what I'm doing!...Now let's go have some fun!..."

It was only a few moments later that they were making their way into the party. Kathy had made a brief side trip to the ladies room on the way in and had repaired the cosmetic damage of their hasty fuck. But her eyes were glittering with fierce arousal and Stan could tell his wife's one thought was to get her hands on his boss as soon as possible and fuck his brains out.

"There he is over there, with his wife!..."

Kathy caught the direction of her husband's gaze and saw an attractive, slightly greying man, with a shy smile talking with an attractive older red-head by the fireplace.

Kathy's loins were so sensitive that she could hardly walk. Stan ushered his somewhat wobbly wife over towards his boss and made the introductions.

"Dave!... Thanks so much for asking us...I'd like you to meet my wife Kathy.... Kathy... Dave Andrews and his wife Brenda.... Kathy's been really looking forward to meeting you both."

Kathy smiled and was immediately gratified to see a warm blush spreading up Dave's neck as he tried not to stare too obviously at the tasty little treat he was being introduced to.

"Hello Stan, Kathy! How nice to see you! This is my wife Brenda! Brenda I think you know Stan...."

Kathy was interested to note that, although she got a rather icy handshake from the lady of the house, Brenda had a warm smile and a lingering glance for her husband. This evening had definite possibilities.

Dave was fighting a loosing battle in his war against ogling the cute little blonde standing in front of him. Finally he said...

"There's something interesting about what you're wearing that I can't quite put my finger on.."

Kathy saw his wife roll her eyes in disdain when Dave said this.

"Oh Kathy used to go to St. Trinian's. Sometimes she wears the old school outfit for fun. I think she still fits into it pretty well don't you?.." Stan said with a smile. He gave Kathy's ass a playful but firm squeeze that had her rising on her toes and sucking air as her husband made the butt plug jiggle around in her ass.



"Our daughter Bunny goes to St. Trinian's! That must be it!..." 

"Jesus Stan!..." Kathy moaned quietly, her smoldering gaze burning into Dave's admiring eyes.

"Is Bunny a short version of her name Dave?..." Kathy asked.

"Well no..." Dave replied..."Her name is Wendy but I've called her Bunny ever since she was a little girl."

"That's so cute..." Kathy said with a dazzling smile, and then..." I think I see Cheryl Watson over at the bar. Just excuse me for a second won't you while I go say hi. I hope we get to talk a little more later on...."

Kathy minced away on tentative toes. With every step she took she was acutely aware of the plastic prod stretching her ass. Her cunt was on continuous slow burn and she didn't know how long she could go on with the shmoozing until she got the sex she needed. She hovered on the periphery of several conversations and a number of interested males approached her. She made some small talk but mostly she kept her eye on Stan's boss and she was pleased that he seemed to be keeping an eye on her.

When the noise level and the heat started to rise, Kathy waited until she saw that Dave was alone and decided to make her move. Surreptitiously opening a couple of buttons on her blouse she pulled her shoulders back and sidled over towards him

He was in the corner of the den and Kathy was pleased to see that he was watching her from the moment she started to move in his direction. The bared, generous slopes of her flushed breasts preceded her as she approached her husband's boss.

"Mr. Andrews! Thank you so much for inviting us. You have such a beautiful home!" she said, moving to his side and squeezing her juicy tits against his arm.

"Thank you Kathy. Call me Dave please! .... I must say you certainly have brought some sparkle to the old place tonight just by being here!.." 

He couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from Kathy's gently heaving cleavage and she didn't help by leaning closer to his ear and saying..

"Aren't you sweet to say so!...'

"Oh there you are, honey!.." Stan said bustling up behind his wife and not so gently thrusting his knee into her ass as he leaned over her towards his boss.

"Unnnnghhhh! ..." Kathy grunted excitedly, actually grabbing Dave's shoulder for support as Stan jammed the butt plug up her ass with his knee.

"Say Dave! Brenda says she's feeling a little overwhelmed with the heat and all. I was thinking I'd take out by the pool for a while if that's O.K. with you!"

Even as he was speaking, Stan was grinding his knee into his wife's ass, making her actually hump gently against his boss's leg as the cunt juice began to seep down her inner thigh.

Dave was turning beet red at the feel of Kathy's taut little body rubbing against him. He was sure her globular breasts were going to spill out of her schoolgirl blouse at any moment and he couldn't tear his eyes away from them.

"Sure Stan!...Of course...I'd appreciate it if you'd look after her!...I!...I! .. What with all the guests!!...You know!.." Dave stammered lamely, his eyes darting nervously from Kathy to Stan.

"That's great!...I'll take good care of her!...See you sweetie!..." Stan said to his wife, taking her shoulders from behind and yanking her down subtly on his pressing knee.

"Oh Christ!...I'm so hot!..." Kathy gasped as Stan suddenly left her and she had to actually clutch tighter to Dave's shoulder to keep from falling on her unsteady legs.

"Are you alright?.." Dave asked.

"Actually, I am feeling a little flushed. Is there somewhere quiet I could lie down for just a minute?..."

"Certainly dear! There's my daughter's room, the third on the right, upstairs. She's away because of the party. Why don't you go on up. I'll check on you in a few minutes." 

Kathy gave Dave another smoldering look as she said..."It's a date!..." and she headed towards the stairs. She didn't look back. She knew Dave was watching and that he wouldn't be long.

"Thank Christ..." she whispered to herself. She couldn't have waited a minute longer.

Kathy found Wendy's room, went in and closed the door behind her. 

She turned on a little reading light by the bed. She took off her blouse, removed her bra then put her blouse back on but only buttoned it halfway, leaving her creamy, unfettered breasts displayed. She dropped the bra casually on the bed, sat down gingerly then stretched out. The butt plug was driving her insane. Kathy shifted around until she had her pleated skirt rucked up enough so that her hairless little pussy was bared. She wasn't going to give Dave a chance. She vigorously plied her steamy opening with two fingers to make sure her pink labia were swollen and dripping. Then she took each of her nipples and pinched and stretched them savagely until they were both jutting out an inch from her heaving boobs. She had to bite her lip to keep from screaming as she played with herself like that. Then she settled back nervously and continued to finger her snatch and her nipples as she waited for Stan's boss. She didn't have to wait long.

It was dim in Wendy's room when Dave walked in. The first thing he realized was that there was a strong, musky odor in the room. It was the pungent smell of sexual arousal and his cock immediately lurched upright in his pants in a conditioned response.

Then he saw Kathy lying on his daughter's bed. He stifled a gasp as he realized that her abbreviated schoolgirl outfit wasn't hiding very much. The livid red slash at the apex of her loins was bared and he could see her monumental breasts thrusting through her half parted blouse. She had one arm stretched over her forehead and at first he thought she was asleep. But then he realized she was awake and watching him through hooded eyes.

"Come in Dave!...Come over here!...I've been waiting for you!..." Kathy said in a husky purr.

"I've been a bad girl!...Come and see!..."

Dave approached the bed like a sleep walker. He couldn't tear his eyes away from the obscene spectacle that Kathy made as she lay sprawled across his daughter's bed. As he slowly got closer, Kathy unhurriedly bent her knees and tipped her pelvis up. Her skirt fell even further back and exposed not only her glistening, bald pussy but also the butt plug protruding from her taut little ass. 

"I've been a nasty little girl Dave!...I've been waiting for you and playing with myself!... See how wet I am?...Ummmm!...And do you see the butt plug in my ass?...It's been in there all evening!... When I was talking to you downstairs!...Oh Goddd!...It's got me so hot!... I'm being terrible talking like this!...Showing myself to you like this!...Aren't I Dave?..." she whispered, reaching down and spreading her ass apart with her hands so that the anal bung was on vulgar display to Dave's goggling eyes.
