 Chapter 11 

The Prints

'Now how about some coffee? Then we need to finish sorting the prints.' she said more cheerfully a couple of minutes later.

Having cleared the dishes and brewed coffee we sat down again and talked for a while about the selection and then marketing of the photographs as we sipped it. But then, when there was a distinct pause in the conversation I said. 'Have you stayed in touch with your family?'

'You mean with Matthew? Not really, only for family things, a couple of Christmases and then Mum and Dad's funerals. I think he feels much, much more guilty about what happened than I do. Blames himself for it. And of course these days child abuse is such a sensitive issue. Although there's no question of me having been abused, I mean I was actually the instigator, and undoubtedly got just as much pleasure from what we did as Matthew did. But that's not the way society would see it of course.'

'That's a shame, do you miss him?'

'Of course, in a way I do. But I understand, and the last thing I'd want is for all that guilt to bubble up, maybe hurt his relationship with his wife and children. She's very sweet, the kids are nice too, and I know they're very happy. So I just write from time to time, send cards and presents, that sort of thing.'

'And your sister, what was her name?'

'Kerrie, we are closer, though she has a very busy life and we don't get to see that much of each other. In a funny sort of way you actually know her, well, know of her.'

'Me?'

'Mmm, she's a ballerina, it was her hands that you spotted at the exhibition. You said you had seen them before, remember?'

Of course I did, vividly. 'She's your sister?'

'Mmm, small world isn't it. But if you've finished your coffee now let's go and get started on sorting out some of those prints.'

We spent about an hour doing that, selecting and grouping those we agreed had the best chance of being published or shown in the galleries Katherine had mentioned, then sorting out a few that she said she wanted to print or enlarge for herself. 'For my private gallery.' she explained with a grin.

'Do I get to see that sometime?' I asked.

'Oh I don't think you would be that interested Craig. My homosexual friends, I mean the male ones, tend to wet themselves, but I haven't noticed any of those tendencies with you. I'm very glad to say. But if you're really curious of course I'll show them to you. But not until I've included these, you'll be one of the stars, I can assure you of that.'

'Only one of?'

'Well there's a black guy in there, he did have an extraordinary penis, and of course being black makes the photographs particularly dramatic to our eyes. So to many people he's already got top billing. Then there's another guy who was a pure freak, his was so big that he'd only ever found one women who could comfortably take it. It's that one's sheer size that gives it such a visual impact. But for me, yours will be the one I'll look at again and again, I promise you that.' she added in a much softer tone.

'You don't have to look at photographs of me Katherine.' I replied.

'Mmm, that's good, but you might not always be around when I feel in need.'

'And are you feeling like that right now?' I asked, detecting a subtle shift in her voice.

'I admit that sorting through the photographs has started to get me feeling the way I was earlier, yes.' she admitted.

'Come on then.' I said, pulling her to her feet then leading her by the hand to her bed-room.

Once inside she turned and started to undo the buttons down the front of her blouse, but I reached out and stopped her. 'No, let me do that, please.' I said softly. 'But I hope you're not in such a hurry this time, because I want to try to tell you how I feel about you as I undress you.' I added as I took her face between my hands and kissed her.

It was just a light kiss, merely the brushing together of two pairs of lips. Then I did the same to her eyes, kissing each one before moving my lips down over her cheek, then finally nuzzling them against her slender neck. She stood quite still as I did that, doing no more than giving a soft sigh as my lips slipped over her skin.

'I just want you to know something of just how wonderful I think you are. Apart from all the things we have in common, and I don't just mean the physical things. Though they are utterly fantastic. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever known.' I said emotionally. 'Every single part of you is beautiful; your hair, your eyes, your lips.' I added, kissing each in turn before reaching down for one hand and lifting it to my lips. 'And of course your hands, and always miraculous fingers.'

Then, as I began to slowly undress her I continued telling her how beautiful each part was as I uncovered it; her shoulders, her breasts, her gently rounded stomach, kissing and gently stroking each in turn. Although I could feel faint, shivering tremors running up through her body as my caresses continued, and her reactions had grown a little stronger when I kissed and gently sucked her nipples, she otherwise remained quite still, her eyes closed, giving just occasional sighs of pleasure.

Although seeing her beauty and touching her silky skin was more than enough to excite me I was in no hurry, wanting to give her as much pleasure as she could stand, wanting to demonstrate by doing that just how strong my feelings had grown for her. So it was some time before I dropped to my knees and, before unfastening her skirt, slid my hands slowly up and down her legs, again telling her how beautiful each part of those were too.

But of course the thought of the delights that lay beneath it were too strong to resist for too long and I felt my fingers trembling as I finally undid the skirt and helped her step out of it. I had anticipated what colour panties she'd have on, knew they would match the pale green bra I'd already removed, but hadn't anticipated just how strongly I'd react to the actual sight of them on her.

They were pale green, silk, but with a panel of the same coloured lace down the front, through which the rich, coppery auburn triangle above her sex clearly showed. Each time I had seen it I had reacted strongly, and apart from anything else I'd found there was something powerfully erotic about its unusual colour. Just seeing it never failed to excite me but at that moment, for some reason I couldn't explain, those feelings were even stronger than usual, and I felt my already fully erect cock surge even higher.

I reached around her and took her bottom in both hands, pulling her towards me and kissing the prominent bulge in her panties. The scent of her arousal wafted into my nostrils, telling me that what I had been doing had been affecting her almost as strongly as it had me. And that thrilled me even more.

'Sit down on the bed please Katherine.' I said as I tugged the waistband of her panties down over her hips and then moved with her as she did as I'd asked. Having taken them off I eased her legs apart, feeling my heart skip a beat as I looked at her pussy.

'Of all the beautiful parts of you, this is most beautiful.' I said. 'I don't have the words to describe it, I wish I did. I just wish I was a poet so I could try to describe how I see it.

Sometimes I think of it as a flower, an exotic, tropical flower. At others it's more like a fruit, a sensually erotic fruit, an over-ripe fig or mango. Like those it's not only how it looks that excites me, there's also its scent and taste, and I love both.' I whispered, slowly, very slowly running my hands up the insides of her legs towards it.

'And like those fruits, once I see it I can't wait to taste it.' I said as I bent forward to kiss her thigh. The gasp Katherine gave as I did that was much louder and sharper than the previous breathy sighs she had previously been making, but that turned to a low moan when instead of moving higher, I lifted my head and added. 'But, knowing the pleasure will be even more intense if I curb my impatience, I resist the temptation to just immediately gobble it up.'

She squirmed as I pushed my hands under her bottom and lifted her a little, then reached down for my head, running her fingers through my hair and giving a series of low, breathy sighs as I began to kiss my way up the inside of her thighs. I started just above her knee and moved from one to the other, but slowly worked my way upwards, feeling my cock responding to the increasingly strong thrills I was getting from both the feel and scent of her.

The mind is a strange and complex organ, obviously capable of performing many tasks at the one time. But I still found it amazing that mine chose that moment to click into creative mode, when I would have thought there were more than enough things going on to keep it fully occupied. But it did, perhaps triggered by the dozens of photographs I had seen of myself, suddenly giving me an image of a painting I should do, of Katherine.

The sketch book I'd started the day after we had first met was by then more than half full of sketches and small paintings of her, or of various parts of her. I had tried, mostly unsuccessfully, to capture some of key things about her, the unusual colour of her hair and eyes giving me the most trouble. But those things apart, I suddenly knew what the finished picture should look like.

So, as I continued kissing and stroking her I stared at her pussy even more intently than I had been doing, committing to my visual memory the tiniest details of its appearance, and especially the way the light reflected off its moistly glistening folds.

But even as those images were going into store they were also affecting other parts of my brain, those connected to my baser instincts, and I felt my physical need for her growing steadily stronger. Yet somehow I managed to hold those feelings in check, managed to concentrate on increasing Katherine's excitement and ultimate pleasure.

Even when I finally reached her pussy I continued to take my time. Kissing and licking it, from time to time running my stiffened tongue up and down the fleshy furrow, and resisting the increasingly strong urging of her fingers to do more than that. I held off directly touching the protruding spike of her clitoris until I felt her trembling tremors growing even stronger, then guessing how she must be feeling by then, I finally began to delicately lick it.

Perhaps because I had taken so long in getting her close to it, her orgasm started after just the first few licks. So then I increased their speed, hearing her squealing cries of rising delight, and feeling her hands and fingers tightening, tugging me more tightly against herself as she bucked and heaved.

I stayed there, gently rolling her clitoris beneath my tongue, pushing its stiffened length in and out of her spasming pussy, sucking the juices that flowed from between its lips, and in the process taking her through a second, equally shuddering climax. Then she pushed me firmly away. 'Enough Craig, that's enough of that darling! I want to feel you inside me.' she said between panting gasps.

And I quickly found out that she hadn't just said that out of consideration for what I might have been feeling by then. From the strength of her reactions when I pushed her up on to the bed and slid the tip of my straining cock between her pussy-lips it was hard to believe she'd already had several orgasms.

The moment she felt the head wedging itself inside her she heaved her hips and lifted her legs up around me, locking them, then pulling me down, timing it so she added their strength to my own downward thrust. My grunt of surprised delight blended with her loud gasp as the resulting force of my entry drove all the wind out of her, but, just as our earlier frenzied fuck had been, it was obviously exactly what she'd wanted.

Perhaps she'd known that her previous orgasms had left pussy sufficiently lubriciously relaxed to enable her to take the entire mass of my cock so suddenly. Perhaps she simply didn't care if it caused her pain, just needed the aching void inside herself filled. And what she did and said next seemed to indicate the latter was the more likely motivation.

As our bodies ground together I felt her legs gripping me even more tightly, in fact so tightly I found I was unable to move. 'Hold still for just a moment or two please. I love knowing I've got every single bit of you inside me.' she said, lifting her head to kiss me.

Although what I'd been doing for her had got me incredibly aroused, left my cock feeling red-hot, the balming warmth of her pussy was enjoyable, almost soothing, so I did as she'd asked and held myself still.

'What you said was lovely Craig. I hope you meant it.'

'Every word Katherine, every single word. And as I said, I just wish I had the words to say even more. You are so beautiful, and so exciting, that the words I have seem so, well so totally inadequate.'

'Not to me darling, not to me.' she said, kissing me again. 'Now, let's do it slowly this time. I want you to enjoy every second, but I want there to be lots, and lots, and lots of them.'

And there certainly were, knowing that was what she wanted gave me the incentive, seeing and feeling her enjoyment gave me the control and stamina, and the intensity of what I got in return was ample reward.

Although we began in that way, with me pushing slowly up and down into her wetly clinging pussy, we didn't remain in the one position. When she could tell from the gradually increasing speed of my strokes that my deeper needs were taking control, she unlocked her legs and pushed me up off her. 'Let me look at you, then I'll turn over, you'll be able to get even deeper that way.' she said in a breathlessly croaky voice.

As I rolled to one side she looked down, her eyes widening as she stared down at my cock. 'It's hard to believe I had all that inside me!' she said. 'It's just magnificent!' she added, reaching down to lightly run the tips of her fingers down the length of it.

Although feather light, her touch sent a shock-like thrill coursing up through the rest of my body, making it jerk. 'Would you like me to stroke it for you?' she asked in a tenderly concerned voice.

'Just a bit, yes.' I somehow managed to answer.

'I guessed you would, but just a little bit this time. I think I might be getting to like normal sex with you rather too much.' she added as her fingers began slowly moving up and down the quiveringly straining shaft.

I suppose to any other man in that situation what she did would have been considered teasing, but to me it was sheer bliss. The slow, but intensely thrilling way she used her hands was all my fantasies come true, and I lay there, my eyes closed as I wallowed in my own selfish delight. But although that was truly overwhelming, in just some small corner of my over-loaded brain I hoped she was getting just half as much of her own particular pleasure from doing it.

Even though the interruption and then change of action had at first reduced the pressure inside me, and Katherine was careful not to stimulate me too much, in time the pressure began mounting again. Perhaps recognising that attempting any further delay might merely end up totally spoiling things for us both, when she felt that she did what she'd said she would.

'Get down off the bed and do it that way darling.' she said, getting up on all fours and then turning and positioning herself so she was kneeling on the very edge of the bed.

By then I was in no condition to do anything other than what she suggested, but when I got up and looked down at her I couldn't think of anything I would have rather done anyway. Her arse was as beautiful as the rest of her body, its firmly rounded cheeks inviting my hands to hold and squeeze them. In the deep valley between them was the wrinkled other, much darker entrance to it, and just below that, the bottom, inverted vee tip of her pussy.

I glanced down at my cock, and wasn't really surprised to see the state it was in after all the attention Katherine had given it. The shaft was rearing almost vertically, throbbing strongly, the dark veins standing out like knotted whip-cords. And the dark purple head was bulging so much that it looked as though it was about to burst open, the skin glossy from the pre-cum that had been steadily seeping from its tip.

I pressed it down, shuddering at the effect of my own touch, then moved forward, slipping it beneath her and feeling her fingers waiting to guide it home.

'I'm sure you won't mind me telling you I had to do it to myself again while I was stroking you Craig. But apart from anything else, that means I'm still really wet, so you'll be able to get nice and deep straight away.' she said throatily as I pushed into her.

She was certainly wet, and the feel of her pussy-lips slipping down over my cock-head was wonderful, making me shudder even more strongly than I had when my hand had touched it. But although deliciously wet her pussy was still incredibly tight, its lining clinging to the shaft, making each and every nerve ending fire off as I drove deeper.

As I drove forward Katherine pushed herself back on to me, making sure I got my cock as deep as possible. 'Now hold still again darling, let me do it for you.' she said as she began to rock backwards and forwards.

The only way I can describe the feelings I got during the next few minutes is to say it was as though my cock was a piston, a piston inside a slightly under-sized cylinder. Only unlike most machines, in this case it was the cylinder that slid rhythmically back and forth along the piston. And as well as the sizzling thrills coming from the friction between the tightly clinging sleeve and my red-hot cock, each time Katherine pushed back it must have created a partial vacuum inside her, because it felt as though the other end of the cylinder was attached to a suction pump. A pump designed for just one purpose, to suck every single drop of the already churning semen out of me.

So, after all the things we had already done to each other, the intensity of the breath-taking thrills her rocking back and forth produced quickly drove the pressure inside me to boiling point. Katherine obviously felt the result of the increasing tension inside me and, somehow managing to tighten certain muscles and slowing her pace a little, started driving herself back much more forcefully.

'Come! Come now!' she said in a low panting voice as she pushed herself hard back down the entire length of my straining cock. 'Come!' 'Come!' 'Come!' she repeated with each powerful thrust.

And come I did, a few seconds later jetting the first of what proved to be a long series of massively powerful gouts of seething semen deep into her spasming cunt.

 Chapter 12

Kerrie

Much, much later, long after we had both recovered from the draining effect of that love-making, when we were lying quietly together, occasionally kissing or almost absent mindedly caressing each other, she suddenly broke the silence.

'Tell me about the picture you saw, of Kerrie.' she said in a low whisper.

'Pardon?'

'Tell me about the picture, you said you'd seen a picture of Kerrie.'

'Why?'

'I'd like to know which one it was, and of course especially why you remembered it so well.'

'Ah, you want to know more of my secrets don't you?'

'Are there more?' she replied in a cheekily naive voice.

'A few. Until I met you I had to rely quite a lot on my fantasies, there aren't many other women around who get that much out of doing what I like having done to me.'

'So, wouldn't you like me to do that again, while you tell me about the photograph, while you tell me what you thought about when you looked at it?'

As she said that I felt her hands slipping down between us, down over my stomach, then down between my legs. Even though what we had done had been completely exhausting, the idea of her wanting to handle me was stirring, so when she took my depleted balls and limply shrunken cock in her hand and said. 'Come on, tell me.' I agreed.
