 It's late in the evening and I take a seat at the terrace downtown...

She's wearing the classical uniform - white blouse and black skirt: "Good evening, the kitchen is already closed, and you can only order something from the bar"...

She doesn't look at me, and she's clearly pissed for having such a late client...

"Good evening - since it seems to be so late, will you please order four beers from the bar? I'm expecting somebody and I don't want to have the bar closed too, before he arrives"...

"Yeah, right! Like I have all night to wait for guys like you!"...

"In that case, make it six!"...

"Six what?!?"

"Six beers, since it seems that you are gonna have to join us!"...

I smile, relaxed, while smoking my cigarette...

This time she looks into my eyes for a second.

She tenses: "I do have a boyfriend, you know!"...

My answer comes sharp: "Then make it eight!"...

She bursts into laughter: "Don't you have any limit?!?"

"A limit?!? For what?!? You are young, beautiful, but, at this moment, a little bit too tired and angry"...

She goes away, coming back after some time with two beers: "Don't worry, the rest are in the fridge"...

The time goes by, I have another beer, but my friend doesn't arrive...

She approaches my table: "It seems that your girl has found something else to do"...

It's my turn to burst into laughter: "Gosh! It's not a girl, it's a guy! And, if you turn around, you can see him entering the terrace! He's late, as usual!"...

She flees, coming back with fresh beers.

She approaches me - "The kitchen is really closed, but, if you wish, I can arrange for some steaks"...

I stand up: "Thank you very much! By the way, my name is ..."

She introduces herself as Kathy.

"Here, Kathy, this guy is an old friend of mine, and whatever I need to talk to him can be postponed for a day or two"...

She looks at me, surprised and unbalanced...

"What if I would suggest, politely, that you take two nice steaks from the kitchen fridge, pack them and take them at my place - we can have them done there, and also listen to the latest music that I've received from across the ocean, only two days ago?"...

She doesn't say a word - only turns around and leaves, ondulating her tail as a cat in heat...

By now, I'm also in heat, so that I tell my friend to disappear...

He's stubborn - he laughs at me...

I get mad - he laughs harder...

Finally, he gives up: "You do know that, next time, the beers are on you!

Now, let me finish this one!"...

"The beers, the vodka, the whiskey, whatever! Just beat it! Vanish!"...

Kathy approaches me: "I've told my boss that I need to leave earlyer today... Now, pay this bill and vanish - wait for me at the corner of the street"...

I leave, then take a seat on the margin of the side walk - I'm dressed in a pair of jeans, so that I don't really care...

I sense that a guy leaves the terrace, and gets close to me - he's dressed in the classical uniform of a waiter, but a higher class - he's a a boss, or something...

He walks towards the corner of the street, then he turns back, passing me by - I do feel some tension, but I sit calm, smoking...

Five minutes later, Kathy appears...

"I hope that my uncle hasn't made any comments"...

Then she tells me that he is the big boss over there...

We enter my apartment and let the music surround us - these bloody stupid Americans, with their wonderful music!...

(We're living in a communist country, remember?)...

I don't need to show anything to Kathy in the kitchen - she acts as if she is in her own kitchen...

She even checks the pantry box and grabs some potatoes and beans - the stakes are ready in a few minutes...

As a plus, she opens a bottle of a very good wine that she has found, digging around in my things...

I don't really remember what I've been doing, but, when I enter the kitchen again, the table is set for two, with everything...

We sit and eat...

After we're finished, I thank her and ask: "Is it really true that you have a boyfriend?"

She looks at me, shrewdly, with a spark in her eyes...

"Why do you want to know?"

I sip some wine from my glass, then, making a serious face: "Because you are beautiful, intelligent, sexy, and this so happens to be my apartment"...

She bursts into laughter: "Gosh! And I was thinking that you have taken me to some exquisite hotel!"...

I keep my serious face: "I intend to invite you to dance, then, slowly, take off your blouse, your skirt, your bra and panties, and... make love to you"...

She takes a gulp from her glass of wine, then, looking outside the window: "Is it an invitation, or is it just your wishful thinking?...

I look at her - she's smiling...

"You are in charge, I can only tell you how I feel about you"...

She stands up, cleans the table, then goes to my room. I follow her, looking at her sexy ass...

In a second, she's naked, then turns towards me: "I didn't come here to dance, so we can skip it"...

I feel her boobs - her nipples are erect - I bend and start kissing them - she embraces me:

"Gosh! I need no foreplay! I'm flooding! If you're ready, take me!"...

I let her lay on the bed, grab her by her legs and let them rest on my shoulders.

I unbuckle my belt, unzip my trousers and let my erect dick jump into full attention - she didn't lie, she is really wet and ready - I let myself lean on her pelvic bones, while my dick is already deep inside her - she's startled a little: "Gosh! You've really fully filled me!... Take it easy!"...

Our pelvic bones are rubbing to each other, while I keep myself pushed deep down inside her...

After a few minutes, I start pumping her veeeeery slowly - she tenses a little, but after a few seconds lets go, fully relaxed - her eyes are closed, and she's biting her lower lip...

I start pumping her pussy a little harder, following the rhythm of the music - she first puts her hands on my belly, trying to stop me hit her too deep, but, after a minute or so, she grabs my ass and I can feel her encouraging me to stay deep inside, and, meanwhile, push...

It's already been more than twenty minutes, but she hasn't orgasmed yet.

Suddenly, I stop moving and ask her bluntly: "Is it something that you need me to do, to make you cum?"...

She smiles at me, with a sparkle in her eyes: "How considerate! I was only letting you do your thing"...

I look at her, serious: "Honey, we're both in it!"...

She also makes a serious face: "Then, take it out and let me turn around"...

I give her a slight push, then take it out - she turns on her fours: "Now, go back there and, if you don't mind, caress my ass cheeks while you have me"...

"Lady, your wish is an order for me, especially since I've been craving to caress that beautiful ass of yours!"...

"Yeah! All you guys have the same obsession with the asses of the chicks!" She starts laughing...

"Now, please, do me, but... take care!"...

I kneel on the bed and grab her ass cheeks with my both hands, making her cheeks go apart, letting me see her ass hole and her cunt - I get closer to her, making her part her legs a little wider, then, nice and really easy, let the head of my dick find the entrance in her cunt - I slowly push...

Simultaneously, I start kneading her cheeks, as if I'm getting them ready to put them in the oven...

Kathy obviously enjoys the treat, starting to push back each and every time I push forward - the rhythm of the music helps us synchronize, so that we keep on doing it for a minute or two...

Suddenly, she starts shivering and lets herself fall forward on the sheets of the bed - I follow her and let my weight on her ass, with my dick still impaling her as deep as possible - this position doesn't let me caress her ass cheeks anymore, so that I hold myself with my hands on the bed, releasing the pressure on her body - still shivering, she starts arching her back backwards, letting my dick dig deeper inside her cunt...

I continue pumping her from behind, following the rhythm of the music - it doesn't take more than a minute when she starts shivering again - meanwhile, she gets her thumb deep inside her mouth, sucking on it...

This image makes me go crazy - I'm ready to explode...

"Gosh! Baby! When I see what you do to your thumb, I feel like going crazy!"...

She takes off her thumb, then, giggling, tells me: "Well, enough is enough - get out of there!"...

I take it out, and she turns on her back, grabs my ass, guiding me to ride her chest, with my dick close to her face...

"Come, baby, come closer - let me taste you!"...

I do as I'm told - her lips and tongue start using my dick - she alternates sucking with licking - I feel the need to stick it deeper, so that I start pumping.

She immediately grabs the base of my dick with one hand, while with the other she pushes my belly, until my dick is completely out - then, breathing deeply and trying to smile, she tells me:

"Didn't you like the steak?"

I'm surprised, but I can already guess what she means: "Yes, why?"

"Then it would be a pity to have mine back out through my throat and mouth - don't you think?"

"All right! What, then?"

"You can fuck my mouth all you want, but, please, let me control the depth you stick it in"...

With no other comments, she grabs my ass and makes me stick my dick back into her mouth...

I'm already very, but very excited, so that I start pumping, letting her hand hold the base of my dick, establishing the limit I can enter...

It takes more than five minutes until I feel it coming: "Honey, I'm close! Really close! Where will it be?"

She starts humming, grabbing me harder by my ass, and nodding with her head.

I grab her by her hair with one hand, while with the other, sensing that she's started convulsing her lower part of her body, I find her clit and start caressing it.

Feeling that, she starts humming louder, so that I start caressing her harder - she's humping her cunt on my fingers, while I'm pumping her mouth.

I cannot take it anymore, so that I let it go - the moment after, she starts shivering again.

She takes away her hand from my dick, holding my ass cheeks with both hands, but I'm wise enough to do not push too deep - I let her be the guide, as she's been asking me...

I stop caressing her clit, letting my finger go between her wet inner lips - I keep it there, making only slight moves from time to time...

She's obviously swallowed my sperm by now, but she still keeps my dick in her mouth, slightly sucking on it, from time to time...

I know, from experience, that if I continue to keep my dick in her mouth, after five minutes, or even quicker, I shall become hard again...

I can sense that she's already impressed, so that, knowing that we do have a lot of time until morning, I decide to withdraw my dick, now almost limp, from her mouth...

I let myself lay beside her, then, gently grabbing her jaw, I kiss her...

She's clearly surprised - this tells me that the men she's been with, don't kiss her after they've pumped their jizz inside her mouth - I'm used with that kind of attitude...

After a minute or so, I stop and ask: "Now, what would you say about a cigarette and a glass of wine? Or, maybe, we better take a shower and have all those afterwards?"...

"I'm fine, either way"...

"Well, in that case, let's first have the wine and cigarettes, because, if we go and take a shower, I'm sure that my lower head will have other ideas!"...

She bursts into laughter: "Well, you really are something! You care about the woman to have her orgasm, then you care about her feeling good!"...

We raise from the bed, and Kathy asks me for a napkin, or towel, or something - she doesn't want to sit on my arm chair and, eventually ruin it with her cunt juices...

I poor the wine into the glasses, and see that the bottle is now empty.

I go and bring another one...

"Gosh! If I drink some of that too, I'll be doing who knows what!"...

I look at her, and smile: "What will you do?!? You've already have fucked me! What else could be happening?!?"

I burst into laughter, and she follows...

We sip our wine and look into each other's eyes, from time to time...

Then, she asks me to pump down the volume of the music, and... starts telling me the story of her life...

I won't bore you with such details...

I will only mention here that she's lost her virginity to her cousin, the son of her actual boss (and uncle).

She's graduated her high school, going to work in the morning and to school in the evening...

Thirty percent of her tips are going into her uncle's pocket - rules are rules...

But, her uncle has promised her that all those money will be the present that he will give her when she will find herself a husband...

I've taken the liberty to ask her if she would be interested in continuing studying...

Yes, she's attracted by food industry (why am I not surprised?!?) but she doesn't have the time and conditions to follow the classes...

The bathroom is warm, the water is hot, and Kathy is hot too...

I poor the shampoo on her back, then start sponging her - she's purring like a cat...

I let the water wet her hair - I've always been obsessed with the way the blond hair darkens when wet...

I massage her scalp, her forehead, the back of her neck - it's clear to me that she's never been treated this way...

I do clearly have good intentions, but, by now, my dick has another opinion...

I've sensed, while washing her bottom, that her ass hole hasn't reacted in any way when I have shampooed it - this, of course, gives me ideas...

I sit on the margin of the tub, grab her slippery body, with her back towards me, covered in shampoo, and make her sit on my dick.

Sensing that my dick is looking for her arse, she tries to correct the position, but I insist.

She turns her head, looks into my eyes: "Please be gentle, I've only done it once or twice"...

I'm already used with statements like this, but I don't force myself in...

I let her accommodate, keeping on gently grabbing her hips towards my impaling dick - this time she's slightly trembling - I'm sure it's fear of pain...

Then she just starts whispering: "Oh, my! Oh my! Oh my!"...

She finally relaxes her sphincter, so that I can go deeper, deeper, deeper, until there is nothing left out...

She bends a little, then tells me: "It stings! It really is!"...

I ask her in a soft voice: "Do you want me to stop?"

She start nodding her head, repeatedly: "Yes... If you can, please release me"...

Without saying a word, I push her up by her arm pits...

Then I grab the shower and thoroughly wash my dick - lots of water and shampoo...

She looks at my erect dick, somewhat in bewilderment: "What shall we do now?"

"That's easy - we finish this shower, dry ourselves, and continue in bed"...

I lay in bed on my back, while Kathy is riding me, with her hands on my chest, for balance...

She's good at it - she keeps me deeply impaled into her cunt, and keeps on writing the figure eight with her ass...

It seems that we both enjoy this - I stop her for a moment, putting a pillow under my ass, then let her continue...

I am completely relaxed, only gently pinching her nipples, from time to time...

She fucks me like that for more than an hour...

I have stopped counting how many times she has had been orgasming - I'm quite sure that she's happy, so that I just don't care anymore...

Still, I do have an obsession - I want to cum up her ass...

I grab her by her ass and help myself overturn above her - I position the soles of her feet on my chest and start pumping, this time real hard and deep...

She starts yelling: "Ohhhhhhhhhh! Yessssssssss! God! Yessssssss! Yessssssssssss!"...

She's shivering, I'm ready to explode again, so that I take it out of her cunt and, still gently, impale her ass...

I don't need to push, since I can feel my sperm flooding her ass hole...

I push a little more, and stop...

Suddenly. she tenses: "A napkin please! And quick!"

We go and take a very short shower, then we go back to bed and fall asleep into each other's arms, like two kids who have been building sand castles on the beach, all day long...

...

Kathy has become a fuck buddy of mine - I have convinced her to make an effort and I have also spoken with her uncle - after four years she has become a food industry engineer and, while studying, she's found herself a guy who has later become her husband.

I've never met the guy - I've only seen some photos.

After she's got married, I've only fucked her once, she was the one who has insisted that she wanted to have me for a final encounter, then we've decided that life must go on...

Anyway, nice memory...