 The following material is sexually explicit erotica.

If you are offended by hard-core pornography close this file.



Chapter 13

Ideas and Emotions

'OK, but first I'm afraid I'm going to have to risk destroying one of your fantasies Craig. Sorry to do this but Kerrie's gay, she's a strongly committed lesbian. Has been right from the start, in her early teens.' Katherine said, then gave me no chance to comment by continuing straight on.

'But as to Belinda, well actually, as you guessed, her name's not Belinda of course. But even before you told me about the fantasies you'd created around it, when I saw your Degas print I saw the strong resemblance. So when we were talking about setting up the photographic session I thought that using that name might strengthen your reaction to what I was planning to do. And that certainly seemed to work.' she added with a cheeky grin. 'Her real name is Elizabeth, well Lizzie. A nice name, but, well...

Anyway, I met her in the class I teach at the local technical college, she wants to become a photographer, and she will be a very good one if she sticks to it. In talking with her I discovered that she also takes ballet classes, and knows my sister Kerrie, well she idolises her actually, as a dancer I mean. As I said before, it's a very small world.

So with those things in common I suppose I got closer to her than most students and from time to time had her come round here to help out in the studio. Then one evening she arrived unexpectedly, while I was finishing off some of my private work. I got most of the prints out of the way but she saw some of the negatives, and was just naturally curious.

Well, it started out by my talking about the market for erotica and then, after a couple of glasses of wine it began to get more personal. At some stage I must have said something that gave her a clue that I got more from photographing men's bodies than just commercial reward. She pressed me about that, then confided that she was asking because she was worried about feelings and ideas that she was having.

She explained that she was getting really confused about her sexuality. Apparently Kerrie had been coming on to her for some time, making it perfectly obvious how much she fancied her. And, perhaps partly because of her idolisation of her, she was tempted to agree to what she knew Kerrie wanted.

Making it more difficult was what was happening between her and her boy friend. She said that although they were having sex, occasionally and not very satisfactorily, he would never let her see himself, and really didn't seem to like looking at her when she was undressed either.

Like us, she is a very visual person, so that seemed even stranger to her than it might have to another girl.

She went on to say that, perhaps because of his shyness, or whatever it was, she found she was starting to look at other men, crotch-watching. Then, she became even more embarrassed when she hesitatingly admitted she was also having weird thoughts and ideas about men's cocks, of handling them, getting them off. Which was something else her boy friend absolutely refused to let her do.

I told her frankly that she would be much better off if she ditched the boy friend, he obviously had far too many inhibitions for a girl like herself, that she could never be anything but frustrated with someone like him.

Well all that happened just a week or so before I met you, so when you agreed to let me photograph you I thought about Lizzie, and wondered how she'd react to, as it were, being thrown in at the deep end.'

'You mean that was the first time she'd done that?'

'Mmm, though of course I don't know that it was actually the first time she'd jerked someone off, we didn't go into that much detail about her past. But she'd certainly never been in that sort of situation before. She did very well, didn't she.' she added with a mischievous grin.

'She certainly did. She was marvellous, and I'd say she has a great deal of natural talent..'

'I'll tell her you said that, she'll be thrilled. And of course you can now add the reality of what she did to the various fantasies you've built up around the other Belinda.'

'I'd like to think I won't need to rely on those too much in future.' I replied.

'How come?' she asked in a mockingly innocent voice.

'I'd like to think I'll be too busy coping with reality to have either the need or the energy to fall back on fantasies. You and I were literally made for each other Katherine, and I would certainly like to be more to you than just another all too willing model, or passing fancy.'

'Yes I admit I've been having very similar thoughts Craig. We do seem to go together rather well, in every way. But.' she said, interrupting herself. 'Before we go any further with that subject, I've just had an amazing idea. Tell me what you think' she added excitedly.

'Up to now the erotic stuff I've been doing has all been with single models, sometimes women, but for obvious reasons, mainly men.' she added with a mischievous chuckle before continuing. 'I'm sure there would be even more buyers and collectors for a group shot. Especially one that was of a man with two women at once. Men love the idea of their prowess converting otherwise lesbian girls.'

'You mean Belinda, I mean Lizzie, you mean Lizzie and Kerrie?'

'And you! I mean the three of you.'

'But, but would they, well I mean Kerrie, would she?'

'If what Lizzie's told me is only half true, and from what I know of Kerrie's past it probably is, I think the thought that she might get a crack at Lizzie that way would be more than enough incentive. She knows all about what I do and has posed for me a few times already. And just in case they're a bit hesitant I can get some nice masks, keep their actual identities disguised.

I'm sure Lizzie will do it. For one thing, as I said, she idolises Kerrie, and I know she enjoyed doing what she did for you. But what about you Craig, are you game?'

I didn't answer immediately, I had to think. What I had just said to Katherine was true, although we had only known each other a very short time she was already filling a very large place in my life, and I liked that. Not just the sex, though that was truly phenomenal, but everything else about her. And I wanted to mean as much to her as she was starting to mean to me.

But even those feelings didn't stop me being excited by the thought of having two of my previous fantasy women brought to life and together at the one time, even if their realities were somewhat different to those I'd imagined. And the thought of having Belinda's, well Lizzie's beautiful hands touching me again, and perhaps Kerrie's too, well...

But, not wanting to let on about those feelings I answered in a deliberately unenthusiastic voice. 'If you really want me to Katherine.'

'You don't sound very keen though, I thought you'd jump at the chance.'

'Well I'll admit that the idea sounds terrific, but as I said, I don't want to be just one more of your models Katherine.'

'Oh you silly man!.' she said, turning and flinging her arms around my neck, then kissing me hard. 'You've never been that, right from that first evening in the gallery. I was attracted to you immediately I saw you, even though that was from the back of you. Why do you think I agreed to have dinner with you so readily? Do you think I let every man I meet pick me up that easily?'

'You mean that?'

'Of course I do! Just because I haven't used the 'love' word doesn't mean I'm not feeling that way about you Craig. It just means I have learned to be cautious, and learned the hard way.'

'Oh that's wonderful, because I'm sure I'm very definitely falling in love with you!'

We kissed again, for much, much longer, that time doing no more than kiss, but our deeper emotions needing no more than that.

'But.' she said when we finally broke apart. 'But what about the question I asked that triggered all this? Will you do it, do it for me?'

'If that's what you want, of course I will.' I replied.

'Marvellous! I'll talk to the other two, but I'm sure they'll agree. Now, I don't know about you but I need some sleep.'

Although the way she'd initially been handling me had started to re-arouse me the direction our conversation had then gone had counteracted those feelings, and having been so completed sated by our earlier love-making I was perfectly happy to simply snuggle down beside her.

So the first time Katherine and I actually slept together it was a very chaste occasion, which given what followed, made it even more special in our memories.

She left it to the following morning to tell me she wouldn't be able to see me for several days. 'I have to go to Taiwan, I want to show your pictures to an agent who operates from there.' she said matter of factly.

'Taiwan?'

'Mmm, it's a very large centre for this kind of material, the agent I use has links to Europe and the States, I could just send them of course, but they like the personal contact. And I'll get a better price if I negotiate across the table with him.' she added with a grin. 'And I can pre-sell the concept of the group shot. I'll take him some of my previous work with Kerrie, just to remind him.' she added.

So by the time she had made various phone calls, organised the details of her trip, prepared the portfolio she was taking and then actually made the trip, it was over a week before we really spent any time together.

Not that I wasted the time, once I knew what her plans were I started making some of my own. Although I knew I wouldn't completely finish it I wanted to get as much work as possible done on the painting I had in mind.

So, having spent a day or so clearing the back-log of my own work, I got started. It was to be life-size, making it the biggest picture I'd ever worked on, and so took most of one of those days just to prepare the canvas. Although I had already made innumerable sketches of the pose there was still work to be done on just how to achieve the effect I had in mind, and it wasn't until I realised I would have to cheat the perspective here and there that I got it just right. Having blocked-in the outline I started preparing the ground, using a shade of one of the colours I'd eventually be using in her hair for one of those.

Then the really hard work began, and I lost all track of the time I spent painting, slowly bringing Katherine's beautiful body into being on the canvas.

Although there were frustrations and various parts needed a good deal of re-working, when I was less that half way I knew it was good, in fact much better than good, and was certainly the best work I had ever done.

But then as the image was that of the woman I was in love with why wouldn't it be, it really was a case where the artist's heart was completely in his work.

So, because I had become so absorbed I very nearly missed her phone call, and she was half way through the message she was leaving on my machine before I recognised her voice and raced across to answer her. She was calling from the airport, about to board her flight and wanted to know if I could meet her when she arrived in. When I said of course I could she hurriedly told me that the meetings had gone well, very well, but that she'd leave telling me all the details until she was home again.

Realising I'd had very little sleep for a couple of days I decided I had better grab some while she was in transit, so quickly finished the section of the painting I had been working on, cleaned up and, having set my alarm clock, hit the sack.

Somewhat refreshed, and very definitely over-excited I waited for Katherine to appear from Customs and when she did, in spite of the long trip she looked absolutely fantastic. I told her so and then from the length of the long, passionate kiss that followed I'm sure onlookers must have thought we had been apart for years, rather than just a few days.

When we broke apart I repeated how gorgeous she looked and she actually blushed, then told me she had been able to grab a bit of sleep, then hogged one of the toilets for nearly half an hour, just to make sure she didn't look too exhausted. 'But looks can be deceptive Craig, I'm actually absolutely buggered. So don't expect too much from me when we get home darling.' she added in a much lower voice.

'But even so, the trip was well worth it, he thinks the shots of you are the best he's ever seen, and now he wants everything I can give him.' she said excitedly. 'And the prices he's prepared to pay are fantastic!'

'That's wonderful darling! I'm thrilled to bits for you! And he liked your idea of a group shot?'

'Loved it, says the market for that kind of thing is even bigger than for those I've already been doing. And when I showed him pictures of the two girls, and said I thought I could get the male I'd used in what I had just given him, he became almost scrutable.'

'Scrutable?'

She giggled. 'Well you know what they say about how difficult it is to negotiate with Orientals, because they're so poker-faced, so inscrutable. Well he very nearly lost that!'

'Good for you darling.' I said with a laugh. 'Now let's get you home, by the way, have you eaten?'

'Yes thank you, and for aeroplane food it wasn't too bad. I just need a shower and a few more hours sleep. Then we can talk some more, and by then I'm sure I'll be feeling more in the mood for proper welcome home.' she added meaningfully.

Given the way she was feeling I suggested it might be best if I just drop her off, then wait for her to call me once she caught up with some sleep. Katherine agreed it was a good idea and so I returned home and in anticipation of what a 'proper welcome home' implied, took another nap myself.




Chapter 14

Preparations

I was already awake and had shaved and taken a shower when she called, knowing there would be little in the way of food in her fridge I told her I would pick up some wine and take-away on the way over, and then left almost immediately.

She must have rung as soon as she had got up and hadn't expected me to be so quick because when she opened the door it was obvious she had only just come out of her shower, her hair was still wet, and a large towel covered most of the rest of her.

'I didn't expect you so soon.' she said, clearly embarrassed to be seen looking like that.

'You didn't think I was going to waste a minute more than I had to, did you?' I replied, giving her a quick kiss before taking the boxes of food through to the kitchen.

She followed me, briskly drying her hair with a second towel. 'I suppose not but it's odd, arriving like this has sort of broken my dream.'

'What dream was that?' I asked, turning and moving towards her.

'I have obviously been missing you more than I thought I was.' she said so softly it was as though she was actually talking to herself. 'I dreamed you were making love to me, in the shower in the hotel room I've been staying at.' she added in a still barely audible voice.

'Well there's not much I can do about the venue, but if that's what you really wanted a second shower would be no problem.' I said, taking her in my arms and kissing her warm and still slightly damp neck.

I had half expected her to resist me, to want me to wait until she'd had a chance to finish getting ready, but the way she pressed forward and moulded herself to me suggested otherwise. So I bent and simply lifted her up, ignoring her half-hearted, giggling protest as I carried her through to the bed-room.

Having lain her down so her legs were dangling over the side of the bed I unfastened the towel and looked down at her. At that moment I was both enjoying and being excited by the sight of her sheer loveliness, and, with some other part of my brain, also checking what I could see against the half finished image of her in my studio.

As her hair was still damp it was impossible to check its distinctive and quite unusual colouring, but the fact that her body was still shower-warm gave me a chance of noting its tones and shades of pink and creamy whiteness. And as she lay looking up at me I could also double check the complexity of the greys, greens and flecks of other colours that lit her eyes.

'I'll never get over just how absolutely beautiful you are my darling.' I said softly as I knelt down and eased her legs apart.

She reached down and began tousling my hair as I moved forward and began to kiss her, then we spent a long, long time making love to, and with each other, each surprised to find just how much need we had both accumulated in just a few days.

Later, as we ate and drank we talked, Katherine fleshing out the details of her trip, and pointing out that the successes meant she had a lot of work ahead of her, there were finished prints to be produced and her next set of photographic sessions to be planned.

'I might be out of action for a bit darling, well, not completely of course.' she added with a grin. 'But there'll be days when I'm a bit too tired for sessions like the lovely time we've just had.'

'I've told you before, it's not just the sex darling, fantastic though that is with you. Anyway, I also have stuff to do too you know, we'll just have to try to synchronise our schedules. And let's try to keep at least one day for each other every so often, and not too infrequently.' I added.

And for once luck seemed to be very much on our side. Once she had offered Lizzie, or Belinda as I still found myself thinking of her, as bait, Katherine had no trouble getting Kerrie's agreement to the masked group shot idea. Belinda was even more enthusiastic, though as Katherine said, she wasn't really sure whether it was the idea of doing it with Kerrie, or me, that was the real appeal.

Kerrie's dancing commitments meant we had to wait three or four weeks, but as that gave Katherine the chance to get on with the things she had to complete it made her scheduled work-load that much easier. And of course I had my regular work to do, plus continuing the painting of Katherine, which, without having her there as a model, was proving just that much more difficult than I had expected. But as I was seeing her regularly I was able to check and commit details to memory and so it slowly progressed.

We were spending a few nights a week together and as I'd suggested, a couple of times we managed to keep a whole day just for us. And maybe it was just because we were seeing each other somewhat irregularly, in effect rationing ourselves, but during that time the passion in our love-making seemed to be even more powerful than what we had already experienced. And quite apart from the actual intensity of those physical thrills we continued to learn much of what went in each other's heads, and as well as spicing up our sexual lives that undoubtedly helped the strengthening of the emotional bonds that were growing between us.

Although by comparison with some people's activities we didn't resort to doing anything particularly bizarre, I suppose some would consider the focus of our activities kinky, or at the very least, peculiar. But as Katherine had said, considering what each of our early sexual experiences had been and how strongly imprinted our conscious and subconscious needs had been by them, in fact we should consider ourselves extraordinarily lucky to have found each other.

And even though I understood just how much she preferred a man who was prepared to let her handle his cock, and understood how sexually excited she could get from doing that, until then I really hadn't realised just how strong the eventual effect could be, for both of us. But I certainly found out during those next few weeks, and something she'd bought while she was away meant that sometimes my endurance was tested way beyond its normal limits. 

One of those was during the second or third evening we spent together during that time, we had made love when she arrived, then without dressing properly had got ourselves something to eat and then returned to bed, ostensibly to watch some show on TV but in fact just to enjoy relaxing and lying quietly together for a while.
