 “You look fantastic.”  I said as Katherine entered the studio.  The client wasn’t using professional models for this project, instead relying on attractive amateurs for their video lingerie catalog.  Therefore, it didn’t hurt to try to make the girls feel at ease.

“Uh-huh.”  Katherine replied.  She was an attractive brunette.  Unlike the other girls I had shot for the catalog, Katherine wasn’t a college student, rather a twenty-five-year-old secretary.  It was obvious from talking to her that she wanted to be a model and looked at this shoot as an opportunity reach that goal.

Though attractive enough, Katherine was about 15 pounds too heavy and 5 years too old to realistically achieve that goal.  Not that I’d be the one to tell her, she had an attitude that was really starting to get on my nerves.  She hadn’t even been to wardrobe before she was practically arguing with me about concept and lighting.

I’d had about enough of her, and just wanted to get this shoot over with.  I’d already rescheduled twice for her, finally agreeing to shoot on a Friday night after she got off from work.  This was putting a crimp in my social life, I’d had to postpone a date over this job.  Luckily I was able to reschedule that for Saturday night.

I looked up from the camera.  She did look fantastic though.  Wearing a black lace teddy, thigh-high stockings and heels, Katherine was stunning, her breasts pushed up nicely, threatening to burst out of the top of her lingerie.

“Over there.”  I motioned her over to the green chroma key wall.

“Eeeyew!”  She scrunched up her nose.  “That’s an ugly shade of green.  Why do you want me over there?”

“God damnit.”  I whispered, fiddling behind the camera.  I’d explained this all in the pre-production meeting.  “You won’t see that green wall when I’m done.  I can replace that green with anything I want in post.  Extreme close ups of the lingerie will ‘magically’ appear behind you when I’m done editing.”

“Shouldn’t you shoot the close ups first, then?”

 “We’re set up to do this first.”  I said, trying not to raise my voice.  “Now let’s just calm down, get comfortable and have fun with this.”

“Alright.”  She stepped in front of the camera.  “Make me look good and I’ll be very appreciative.  Can I have a copy of this when we’re done?”

“It’ll just be the raw video, I’m not editing it tonight.  I can start a record on VHS for you to take with you.”

I went to the control room to drop a VHS tape into the deck, pressed ‘record’ and then returned to the studio.  This part of the shoot went really well.  Though Katherine had copped a bitchy attitude earlier, she was actually quite a joy to work with, responding to direction exceptionally.  Done shooting on the chroma key wall, we moved on to the extreme close ups which we shot on a set at the other end of the studio.

The close ups went quickly, then she went to change into the second outfit.  This was identical to the first except that it was white.  The plan was to show her in both outfits, keyed over the close ups of the inverse outfit.  It would take a lot of work on my part, but it was just the type of artistic touch that the client wanted.

We finished up in about 90 minutes total which was amazingly quick for this kind of shoot.  Katherine went back to wardrobe to change.  I told her she could pick up her VHS copy of the shoot in the control room.  I rewound it as she changed, handing it to her when she returned.  Completely finished, we both left for the evening.

I went home and had supper, turning in early.  Saturday I got up, ran some errands and as the evening rolled around, got ready for my date.  I might as well as stayed at home alone as that’s how the night ended up, me in bed, alone.

I awoke Sunday morning to the sound of my doorbell.  I checked the clock, 8 o’clock, who the hell would be bothering me this early on a weekend?  I tried to ignore it and go back to sleep.  The doorbell rang again.  Defeated, I put on a pair of sweatpants and headed to the front door.

I opened the door to find Katherine standing on my porch.  She was wearing a conservative black dress and holding a VHS videotape.

“Can I come in for a moment?”  I opened the door and she entered, heels clicking on the hardwood floor of my living room.

I glanced at the tape.  “You don’t have to give that back,” I said, “it’s yours if you want it.”

“Oh,” she said, looking a little embarrassed, “I though you might need it for your editing.”

“No,” I replied, “I made that just for you.”

“Well thank you.”  She said.

We stood in the living room facing each other in awkward silence.  Katherine broke the silence after about twenty seconds.

“You know,” she smiled, “you made me look really good, really sexy….and I am very appreciative.”

She gave me a strange smile then reached around to the back of her dress.  The next few seconds have been replayed in my mind thousands of times.  Katherine pulled down the zipper of her dress, it fell silently to the floor.  There she stood, wearing the black outfit from the video shoot, ample breasts straining against the lace of her teddy.  She stepped out of her dress and fell to her knees directly in front of me.  She pulled my sweatpants down to my ankles, my semi-hard cock hung directly in front of her face.  Katherine glanced up at me and licked her lips.

“Don’t mess up my hair,” her tongue darted out to lick my dangling dick, “I’m taking my mom to church in ten minutes.”

Katherine’s mouth engulfed me, her lips clamped around me while she sucked, bringing me to complete erection.  That done, she began pumping, taking me enticingly deep with each pump.  She looked so beautiful, dressed in sexy lingerie, made up perfectly for church.  I admired her freshly painted lips, locked around me, leaving a faint trail of red with each stroke.

She rubbed her tits on my leg as she sucked, one boob on each side of my thigh.  She pulled the straps of her teddy over her shoulders, exposing her breasts completely, grinding them into my thigh now.

She took me from her mouth and started pumping me with her hand.  Arching her back, she rubbed the head of my manhood all over her jugs.  Then she held her tits together and looked me in the eye once more.

“Fuck my tits,” she moaned, “I love a big cock in there.”

I pushed myself between her luscious melons.  Open mouthed, her head fell backwards as I titty fucked her.  She seemed to be really enjoying herself as I hammered away.  Her low moans excited me as I felt my ejaculation build.

“I’m close,” I moaned, “where do you want it?”

Katherine let go of her tits; my cock flopped out from between them.  She pointed to her mouth.  I pushed my tool into her open mouth as she grabbed my ass, pulling me deep insde.  I pumped away, imagining what it would be like to treat this sexy woman’s pussy the same way.

One final thrust and I unloaded, hot jizz hitting the back of her throat, Katherine swallowing willingly.  Time stood still, it felt like I came for hours and I have no doubt that Katherine would have stayed attached to my cock no matter how long it took me to finish.

She reached behind her for her dress, stood up and started putting it back on.  I pulled my sweats up and helped her with her zipper.  She strolled over to a mirror in the hall, checked her hair and reapplied her lipstick.  Satisfied, she turned to me.

“Thanks again.”  She smiled.  “Give me a call sometime.”

“I don’t have your number.”

“I left it inside the tape case.”  She replied.

She reached into her purse and pulled out a breath mint, popping it into her mouth.  She kissed me on the cheek, turned and left.