 It was late and I had been driving for hours through the fog and drizzle. I was in the middle of nowhere, it seemed—nothing but trees and an occasional dark house. The static on the car radio made listening to the jazz station annoying and the only other station that came in was preaching about the end of time and we better give our souls to Jesus to be saved—something like that. I turned the radio off and drove in the dark silence, straining to see through the fog.

I was thinking about my life—a forty-five year old unemployed carpenter, divorced, no kids, nothing to keep me in that dinky town so I took off looking to find something new. I'd stop for a day or two checking out different places and then move on, kind of drifting. Still, I had the feeling something would come my way when I least expected it. That's the way life is—if your eyes are open, suddenly, you see what you want. It appears, presents itself and you go after it—anyway, that's what I believe except lately nothing opened my eyes, that is, until the night I found Kathy's diner. 

I'd been driving on this desolate road for what seemed forever when I saw a light in the distance through the fog and as I got closer a red neon sign that said—Kathy's Diner—and under it Fresh Baked Pies. I was getting drowsy so I pulled into the empty parking lot, surprised to see a diner open so late on this desolate road-- especially when I really needed a cup of coffee. "What luck," I thought as I got out and walked up to door and entered the empty diner. 

The radio was playing a twangy country western tune I didn't recognize as I sat down at the counter and looked around at the empty booths and red leather stools. No was there. Just then a young woman carrying a tray of cups came in from the kitchen, pushing the swinging door open with her hips, our eyes met—hers with surprise to see someone sitting there and me, surprised to see a gorgeous blond haired woman. 

"Hey," she said when she saw me—"Be right with you." 

"Just a cup of black coffee," I said, noticing her tits were barely contained by the tight yellow tank top she was wearing. Her apron was folded over in half and tied loosely around her thin waist. "Damn, she's hot!" I mumbled to myself, stunned by what I was seeing. 

She put the tray of cups down underneath the counter, bending over and I saw she was wearing tight faded jeans. "Man, I'd like to fuck her," I said to myself, not able to take my eyes away from her luscious ass straining her tight jeans. She stood up,filled a cup of coffee from the glass pot and placed it in front of me. 

"Anything else, mister," she asked, looking into my eyes, smiling, her dimples giving her a slightly innocent look,though her eyes were definitely not innocent. 

"Maybe," I said, glancing at her tits then looking back at her, smiling, obviously flirting.

Our eyes locked on each other and she smiled coyly, nodding as if she knew what I wanted but let it pass. 

"Is this your place?" I asked. 

"Yeah, all mine," she answered, wiping the counter next to the coffee maker. 

"I was surprised to find an open diner this time of night in the middle of nowhere," I said. 

"Yeah," she nodded,"might as well stay open. You never know who's going to come in here late at night," she said, a slight smile on her lips, her eyes looking into mine,seductively. "Life's full of surprises," she added. "I live out back so I might as well be here as in my empty cabin." 

"Oh you live here," I repeated. "That's cool!" 

"Yeah. I like it and I do okay here during the day—enough to get by," she said. "I'll be closing at ten then hit the sack and start all over at six." 

I glanced up at the clock over the kitchen door and saw it was nine-forty-five. 

"Not much longer," I said, as we both looked at the clock and then at each other,smiling,knowing something was brewing between us. 

"So where are you heading?" she asked. 

"Not sure," I answered. "I just got laid off from my job as a carpenter so I decided to take off and see if I could find work somewhere. I've been driving and stopping in towns to see what's happening. Guess you could say I'm drifting." 

"Interesting," she said. "That's kind of how I found this place." She paused. "I was between jobs and was driving by this place and saw it was closed and for sale." 

She looked at me, sighed, "Funny how ideas come to you." 

"Right," I answered."I know what you mean.You just have to be open for whatever comes your way and deal with it." 

"That's for sure," Kathy nodded. "So I called the number on the sign. I had some money from an inheritance—not much—but enough to make the down payment and get a mortgage and here I am-- thirty two years old and the owner of Kathy's Diner." 

"That is interesting," I said. "Strange how things like that happen. You see something you want and you go after it." 

I lifted my coffee and looked at her over the rim of the cup. Our eyes met. I then let my eyes drift down to her tits in the tight tank top and she saw where I was looking. She smiled and our eyes met and lingered. 

"Yeah--it's important to know what you want," she said, smiling back at me, our eyes letting each other know we knew where this was heading. She leaned forward and put her elbows on the counter, knowing her tits were visible. "Yeah, it's important to know what you want and then go after it," she repeated. "And I usually get what I want," she added,looking into my eyes with a little devious smile on her lips. 

"Yeah. It's good to know what you want," I repeated, nodding, our eyes locked on each other's eyes. "Also what you don't want," I added, "like complications." 

"Yeah, keep it simple," she nodded, brushing a loose blond strand of hair aside. "No complications." 

We were both silent for a moment, aware of what was happening between us. I took a sip of coffee-- our eyes seemed to be drinking in each other. 

"So do you have a man in your life...you know, a husband, boyfriend?" 

"Nah! Not any more," she answered. "How about you?" she asked. 

"Nope, Not any more," I said and chuckled. "Like I said, I don't want complications." "Right. No complications," she said,"Know what you want and keep it simple." 

"You must get pretty lonely out here," I said. 

"Yeah, sometimes," she said, "but I manage." 

I nodded and took a deep breath and another sip of my coffee. I looked at her, hesitating before asking her what I really wanted to say and then decided to go for it. "You must get pretty horny," I said, taking a bold chance.

She smiled at my question and didn't answer at first-- just looked into my eyes. "I do," she said, biting her lower lip. "Very horny." she added. 

"I'd think you get hit on a lot out here by guys," I said and added-- "a sexy woman like you." 

"I do," she answered. "And I like to flirt and tease but no one gets to first base with me unless I want them to," she said. She looked into my eyes again, a devilish grin on her lips. "No one!" she repeated then gave me a little coy smile. 

"Are you teasing me?" I asked. 

"Maybe," she answered, biting her lower lip. 

"Maybe?" I responded, taking another sip of my coffee, liking how she was looking at me. "Teasing can be pretty dangerous," I added.

"I know but I can take care of myself. I'm always in control," she said then paused. "And I like danger, taking chances, being spontaneous." 

"Is that so," I answered. 

"Yes," she said, "I like danger and being spontaneous and I always know what I want and, like I said, I usually get it." 

"Really," I responded, smiling. "And what do you want?" I asked, putting my cup down. 

"You know what I want," she answered, leaning forward on the counter, her cleavage showing. I leaned forward too, so that our faces were closer. There was a heavy silence as our eyes locked on each other's eyes and I could feel my cock getting hard in my jeans. 

"Come on. Tell me what you want?" I asked, teasing her, our eyes looking hungrily into each other's eyes, our mouths almost touching. 

"What we both want," she said in a low, smoldering voice, almost a whisper. 

Again, there was an intense silence as we looked into each other's eyes, the sexual tension building. Just then, she stood up, her eyes on mine. She came around the counter and walked to the front door, her ass swaying in the tight jeans. "Damn, she's a tease," I thought as I watched her turn the "open" sign around so that the "closed," sign faced the dark night. She turned off the red neon light outside then hit another switch darkening the diner except for one light in back of the counter then walked towards me like a hungry predator looking at her prey.

I spun around on the stool facing her, my legs spread, my hard cock bulging in my jeans. She looked at me, glancing at the bulge then back at my eyes. 

She came up to me and stood between my open legs and suddenly she kissed me, pressing her lips hard against mine, our tongues swirling in each others mouths as we kissed with hungry intensity. She put her hands on the back of my head, holding me to her lips as we kissed savagely, pressing her jean covered pussy against my cock. I grabbed her ass, lifting her and pulled her on to my lap, my hard cock pressed into her pussy as she straddled me on the stool. Her tits were crushed against my chest as I leaned back against the counter pulling her forward and we started grinding against each other, my hands grasping her round ass. 

"Oh Fuck!" she shouted, taking her mouth from my lips as we started humping each other harder and harder, both of us really turned on. "Oh Fuck," she repeated. "I'm going to cum," she said moving harder and faster again my cock. "I'm cummmmmming," she yelled as she humped my cock. "Yesssssss," she screamed, humping me harder and I felt her shudder as she exploded, screaming, "OHHHHHHHHH FUCK YES!" she yelled, her head thrown back, her screams filling the diner as she looked up at the ceiling, still grinding and humping me. 'OHHHHHHHHHHSHIT I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMMING!" 

Suddenly, I pushed her off of me, grabbed her hips and roughly turned her around forcing her to lean over the counter. I stood up, grinding my cock against her ass. She pushed back against me, squirming, "Yeah, do that. Do that," she said. 

"You want a good hard fuck, don't you," I whispered in her ears.

"Yeah, you know what I want," she gasped. "You know fucking well what I want." 

"You want a good hard raunchy fuck, don't you," I repeated as I pressed harder against her round ass, knowing she would respond to some dirty talking. I then reached forward, grabbed her blond hair and pulled it hard, getting her to turn and look at me. "You want to get fucked like a slut, don't you?" "Yeah, make me your slut," she yelled. "Fuck your slut. Fuck me! Give it to me!" I let go of her hair and pushed her down on the counter then reached my hand under her body, spreading her legs apart and grabbed her pussy pressing my hand against her mound. 

I couldn't believe this was happening, amazed that I drifted into this diner in the middle of nowhere and there we were-- two horny people driving each other crazy. 

"Yeah, make me your slut," she yelled again. "Fuck me!" 

I then managed to squeeze my hands inside the front of her tight jeans, snaking my hand down to her dripping pussy, my fingers pressed against the seam of her jeans. I was surprised that she wasn't wearing panties as my middle finger entered her tight wet pussy and she moaned, "Oh fuck! Yeah! Do that!" she murmured, squirming, getting my finger deeper. 

My hard cock was grinding against the crack of her ass through her tight jeans, my finger moving in and out of her dripping pussy, her hot moaning encouraging me to play with her harder. She reached forward, her fingers grasping the edge of the counter, her legs wide apart. I entered a second finger, loving how her tight jeans forced my hand to rub against her clit as she squirmed under me. I curled my fingers against her g-spot, my hand rubbing her clit harder. Her squirming against me was driving me crazy as I pressed the length of my hard cock into the crack of her ass through her tight jeans when suddenly she shuddered and screamed, "OH FUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMMMING,' she yelled. "DON'T STOP! DON'T STOP! OH YEAH KEEP DOING THAT!" OHHHHHHHHHH GOD I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING!" 

When she exploded all over my hand,I kept my fingers going in and out through her orgasm and she kept fucking my fingers. She was insatiable. 

Suddenly I grabbed her and turned her around to face me, our eyes looking into each others eyes. I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, and got her to squirm out of them. She grabbed at my jeans and did the same as she pulled them down seeing I wasn't wearing underwear either.

She looked at my hard cock standing straight out---"Mmmmmm, no underwear-- you're my kind of man—ready for action," she said as she took my cock in her hand. She got down on her knees and started licking the tip of my cock then lifting it slightly, moving her tongue up and down the length of my cock from my balls to the tip like it was an ice cream cone, moaning as her tongue made wet slurping sounds. She then took my cock in her mouth and practically swallowed it as she bopped up and down, faster and faster, her hands on my ass. Man, she knew how to give a blow job. 

I placed my hand on her head, grabbing her hair, feeling her hot wet mouth devouring my cock. "That's it, suck my cock. Suck it" I said, feeling my cock at the back of her throat. I was just about to cum when I suddenly pulled my cock out of her mouth, picked her up by her arms, "I want this to last," I said, looking into her eyes. "I want to play some more then I'm going to give you a fuck you will never forget," I said, "I'm going to just take you." 

"Oh Yeah!" she said, looking at me, grinning. "You think so?" 

"Yeah!" I said. "I know so." 

I shoved her against the counter then lifted her up, spreading her legs apart. I got down on my knees and placed my mouth on her wet pussy, my tongue licking and lapping up her juicy pussy. As she leaned back, I put her legs on my shoulders, spreading her wider, her pussy wide open for me and I moved my hungry tongue up and down her pussy lips from her ass to her clit, eating her and moaning and growling like a hungry lion as I devoured her pussy.

'EAT ME! EAT ME!" she screamed pushing herself against my tongue."THIS IS SO FUCKING HOT," she yelled. "YEAH! EAT MY FUCKING PUSSY!" she screamed.

She lifted her ass and hips off the counter, stiffening and pressing her pussy harder against my tongue just as I found her clit and started sucking on it causing her to shudder in little jolts, screaming. "OH FUCK! I'M GOING TO CUM AGAIN," she yelled. "I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING," she yelled, grinding her pussy harder against my tongue, arching her back as she exploded for the third time, cum gushing all over my mouth. OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK!" she screamed at the top of her voice as she fucked my tongue, her whole body shaking and shuddering. 

As she screamed, I pulled her roughly off of the counter and lay down on the floor and pulled her on top of me, getting her to straddle me. She looked down at me, putting her hands on my chest, her hot wet pussy pressed against my hard cock. I placed my hands on her back, bending her forward so that her tits were crushed against my chest and her wet slippery pussy lips gripped the length of my cock as she moved slowly back and forth, the tip of my cock pressed hard against her clit. 

We both moaned as she slowly slid her wet pussy harder up and down the length of my cock, grinding deeper, driving each other insane. I then took her shoulders and pushed her up to a sitting position. "RIDE ME KATHY!" I yelled, my hands on her ass. RIDE ME!"

She lifted herself up on her knees, grabbed my hard cock and started rubbing the tip of my cock against her dripping pussy, using my cock like a toy.

"Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned. "Your cock is mine," she said, looking down at me, moving the tip of my cock up and down her engorged pussy lips. "Your cock is mine to fuck," she said. "I want this big cock in my cunt," she said, moving it harder and faster against her pussy.

"Use my cock," I yelled, "Use it, you cock- loving slut," I yelled. "Fuck yourself!" I yelled. Watching her play with my cock on her pussy was driving me crazy. I didn't know how much more I could stand. 

Suddenly, she came down hard, impaling her self on my cock and started bouncing up and down, her tits bouncing wildly, her blond hair flailing. "MMMMMM I LOVE FUCKING YOUR COCK," she yelled, moving up and down, my cock going deep into her tight pussy.

RIDE ME! RIDE ME! I screamed, lifting myself off the floor, thrusting and bucking like a wild stallion as she galloped on me like a crazed cowgirl. "RIDE ME!" 

She grabbed her tits as she went up and down faster and harder. One hand went through her blond hair as she rubbed her tit with the other, looking up at the ceiling. I could not believe how out of our minds we were, as she rode my cock harder and faster. 

"OHHHHHHHHFUCK! I'M CUMMMING!" she screamed, her body tensing. "I'M CUMMMING AGAIN! OHHHHHHHHHH SHIT!" she screamed as she bounced up and down faster and harder. "I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!" 

Suddenly, just as she exploded, I pushed her off of me and onto her back, spreading her legs and thrusting my cock deep into her pussy just as her orgasm swept over her. I fucked her through her orgasm, knowing she would keep cumming. We looked at each other with fierce hungry eyes as I rammed my cock deep into her pussy and she yelled, 'DON'T STOP!" 

"GIVE ME YOUR CUNT!" I yelled. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" 

She lifted her self off the floor, arching her back, swallowing my cock as I thrust deeper and harder, driving her back to the floor. I then pulled out and placed my hand under her, grabbing her ass, lifting her, holding her arching body under me, her arms around my neck, my cock just above her pussy, doing all I could to get her to reach for it, wanting to prolong our fucking, to tease her more, drive both of us insane. 

"OH FUCK!" she screamed. " DON'T STOP! "FUCK ME YOU FUCKING BASTARD! TAKE ME! TAKE ME!" 

I was on the verge of cummming, not able to hold out any longer and so I thrust again, driving her back to the floor as I rammed my cock deep and harder, going faster and faster, my cock swelling, about to explode. Suddenly, a huge orgasm swept through me, taking me over the edge, screaming "I'M CUMMMING" I yelled as I thrust and suddenly a huge gush of cum erupted like hot lava. I kept thrusting over and over like a crazed wild animal screaming, "FUCK ME! FUCK MEEEEEE!" I yelled as I pounded her harder and harder. 

I felt her pussy gripping my cock, milking me and felt her shudder as another orgasm swept over her and we both came at the same time, both of us filling the empty diner with our loud screaming, "FUCK ME1 FUCK MEEEEEEEEE! FUCK MEEEEEEE! OHHHHHHHHHHFUCK!" 

I then collapsed on her body, my cock still deep in her as we both lay there on the diner floor, gasping and panting, unable to budge. She lay under me with her arms stretched out to the side, her legs spread apart, our heaving bodies completely spent from our wildness. 

After several minutes of not moving, she wrapped her arms around my body and held me. Still we didn't say a word as we lay there, breathlessly. Finally, I lifted my head from her shoulder and looked into her eyes and smiled. "I like the service here," I said.

"Well you better leave me a good tip," she laughed.

"You already got a good tip," I said and kissed her. 

"You sure know how to fuck a girl," she said, still breathing heavily. "How about sticking around awhile, drifter, I think I can find things for you to do." 

"I think I might just do that," I said, looking down at her as I lay on her warm body, my limp cock pressed against her wet pussy. "I think I might like that." 
