 All characters depicted in this story are 18 years or older!

A few minutes later Kathy emerged from the washroom. Her face was clean, freshly lipsticked and smiling as she approached Dave with a dampened towel. She still wore her pleated skirt but her blouse was completely unbuttoned so that her breasts dangled enticingly as she bent over to hand Dave the towel.

"Why don't you take off your clothes and clean up a little..." she said.

Dave looked at Kathy anxiously, excited but reluctant to go any further with Stan's wanton wife when his own wife might come looking for him at any moment.

"Kathy!...I'm not sure we should!...The party!...My wife!...Maybe we should go down!..."

Kathy just smiled and reached down into Dave's groin. She curled her hand under his scrotum and lightly sank her sharp nails into his balls. She poised her lips next to Dave's ear.

"Don't worry lover!..." she purred, extending her index finger and raking her nail back and forth over Dave's surprised anus...

"Ooohhhh!..." he gasped.

"Your guests will be enjoying your lavish food and drink..." she whispered, deliberately insinuating her sharp nailed fingertip through his tight sphincter...

"Aaahhhh!..." he moaned.

"My husband will be taking good care of your wife..." she whispered, auguring her finger deeper into his cringing asshole...

"And I'll..." she murmured, removing her probing finger

"...be taking..." she purred, raking her nails slowly up the underside of his distinctly twitching shaft...

"......good care of you!..." she breathed, thrusting her tongue into his ear while scratching lightly, thrillingly at the pee slit in the tip of his cock.

"Naaaaa!...Ahhh!...Oh Goddd!...." he whimpered in eager response.

"Now get undressed!..."

Dave lurched to his feet, his renewed erection jutting skyward, and began to remove his clothes. As he did so, Kathy looked around Wendy's bedroom. She found a picture of a pretty young girl on the bureau and held it towards Dave.

"Is this your daughter?"

"Yes..." Dave said, a little embarrassed as he looked at the picture of Wendy and at Kathy standing there in her schoolgirl uniform.

"She's very pretty!...And blonde like me!...I see she wears her hair loose..." Kathy said, casually reaching back and undoing the ribbon that held her pony tail. She tossed her head to send her blonde hair cascading onto her shoulders.

"Is this the tie she wears with her uniform?..." she asked, picking up a little school tie lying on the nightstand. .

Dave was just finishing undressing and said..."Yes.." nervously.

Kathy turned to the mirror and loosely knotted Wendy's tie around her neck. She also grabbed a little black crinoline bracelet off the nightstand and slipped it on her wrist.

"She wears glasses!....Are they very strong?...." Kathy asked donning a pair of dark, horn rimmed glasses that were on the bureau. 

"Ummm!...They're not bad at all!...What do you think?.." she asked, turning and smiling at Dave and posing with one hand on her hip.

"You look wonderful!..." Dave said with a forlorn smile.

"That's not what I mean Dave...Tell me, what do you think!..." she said, walking up to the older man and reaching down to cup his balls in her hand. She gave his nuts a lascivious squeeze.

"Tell you what?.." Dave asked in confusion. The blood pounded through his erection as Kathy fisted it and continued her lewd fondling.

"Do I look like her?...Do I look like your daughter?.." Kathy asked with a sweet smile, stepping back from Dave but keeping his cock in her outstretched hand. Her eyes were sparkling with amusement as she watched Dave appraising her in a whole different light.

"My Goddd!..." he breathed in amazement.

"You do!...You look just like my daughter!..." Dave murmured in amazement. He knew that Kathy was a married young woman in her early twenties. But standing there in front of him in her St. Trinian's uniform, she was the vision of his teen-age daughter.

The calculating little blonde smiled triumphantly. She knew she had Stan's boss right where she wanted him now. She tugged on his cock, pulling him with her as she backed towards the bed. She said, in her best little girl voice, what she knew would drive him crazy....

"Come on daddy!...Come back to bed and fuck me!...I want your big cock so bad daddy!.... Fuck me please!...I know you've wanted to for a while now!...And I want your big cock too!... Please daddy!...Please!..." Kathy taunted, licking her lips temptingly.

Dave stumbled after Kathy like he was hypnotized. His eyes had taken on a vacant look like he was in a dream. But his cock was throbbing frantically in the little blonde's firmly closed fist. She had planned this moment carefully. She was going to entice her husband's boss with a fantasy that he would never admit. Stan had told her that Dave's daughter was getting into a lot of trouble with boys at school. She had every intention of using his fragile emotions in her lurid seduction.

Kathy backed up until her calves hit the bed and then she gracefully sprawled backwards. She continued to pull Dave by his cock, forcing him to crawl after her until he was poised above her, kneeling between the temptingly spread vee of her parted legs.

"Kathy!...No!..This is all wrong!...I can't!.." Dave whispered in anquished confusion.

This reincarnation of his daughter lying seductively naked beneath him and urging him to fuck her was causing nightmarish feelings to rage through the older man. But he couldn't deny the formidable lust that was centered in his groin and that was growing more and more powerful as Kathy guided him towards her beckoning vagina.

"It's O.K. daddy!....I'm not on the pill but you can fuck me if you use a rubber!..." she said with a shy smile. She released Dave's cock, reached for her little purse and pulled out another condom. She ripped open the packet with her teeth, then used two hands to apply the condom to the tip of Dave's rigid penis.

"No!...Don't do this!...I can't!....I can't!..." Dave groaned as Kathy sensuously and slowly unrolled the tight rubber sheath down his shaft.

"You don't want to get pregnant me when you fuck me do you?...It's the middle of the month for me!... I'm very fertile right now!...You wouldn't want to give me a baby would you daddy?..." Kathy asked in an appealing voice as she stretched the condom down to the root of Dave's cock. 

She pulled him towards her so that his cock crown nestled in between her swollen labia. Dave hissed with excitement and his eyes became slits at the feel of the mouth of Kathy's vagina spreading around his knob. But still he held back, propping himself up on rigid arms and gazing down at her in agonized arousal.

Kathy continued to tempt him on with more lurid encouragement.

"I haven't done it very often daddy!...I'm practically a virgin!...The first couple of times it hurt a lot and none of the boys had a cock as big as yours!..." she whispered in his ear, hunching her loins up so that her pussy writhed around his cock crown in a molten caress. 

"Uunnnnn!.." he hissed.

"Ohhhh, daddy!...You have such a big cock and my little pussy's sooo tight!...Go slow O.K.?..." she hissed as she used her two handed grip on his tool to stir Dave's knob around inside the opening of her cunt like she was stirring a witch's cauldron.

"Unnnnghh!...Goddddd!..." Dave moaned as his balls clenched up excruciatingly in excited response.

"And you have to be careful daddy!...That thing in my ass makes me very tender!... You have to be careful not to fuck me too hard at first!....Is that O.K. daddy?...Do you promise?...Just fuck me slowly until I get used to your big cock and then later, if it doesn't hurt too much...maybe.... maybe you can take the butt plug out and then...you know.... maybe then you can fuck the shit out of me!..."

"Ohhhh!...Naaaa!...Noooo!..." Dave moaned pitifully. The sensation of Kathy's vagina leeching at the end of his swollen tumescence along with her obscene dialogue was driving him crazy. Kathy smiled to hear his mournful whimpers and managed to coax just a little more of his big cock into her fluttering cunt mouth.

"Naaaaa!....Oh Goddd!..." he gasped.

Dave's thoughts were a lurid mass of desire and denial, of lust and rejection.

He cock was screaming for the delight of thrusting deep into Kathy's honeyed hole but the distinction between his daughter and the licentious young wife lying beneath him was blurring in his mind and he supported himself above her in rigid confusion.

"Don't you want me daddy?...Don't you want to do me?...I know you do!...Ummm Hmmm!... I can feel it!...Just put it in a little more!...Just put the head in!...Ohhh!...Oh please daddy!...I can take it!...Stretch me open with your big prick!..." Kathy urged, releasing Dave's cock and wrapping her arms around his trembling waist.

"Ahhhh!...Godddd!... Kathy!... Babyyy!... Pleaseeee!... Waittt!..." Dave pleaded as the honey haired blonde pulled him a little further into her pulsing pussy.

"Phwahhh!..." he gasped as his cock crown slipped into her and Kathy's taut labia snapped tightly just beneath his mushroomed knob.

Kathy smiled again at his anguished response and bore down with her well toned inner muscles. Her cunt mouth rippled around the end of his cock with excruciating effect. 

"Ahhhh!...Ahhh!...Pleaseeee!..." he gasped

"I know what it is!...It's the rubber isn't it daddy?...It doesn't feel right does it?... Wait!...Just let me!...Ummm!..." Kathy whispered, squirming and twisting to back off Dave's aching boner. Deftly she reached under her raised thigh and stripped the greasy condom off his cock. Then she quickly wriggled back into place and hunched up so that his uncovered tool was again spreading her steamy pussy.

"How does that feel daddy?...My cunt's so hot and wet!...Can you feel it better without that silly condom?...Do you like it?... Ummmm!... Does that feel better?..." Kathy taunted, knowing that Dave's big cock would be ten times more sensitive without the restrictive condom. She inched up onto his rigid tool with a knowing twist of her hips. His cock once again slipped inside the clasp of her smoldering vagina.

"Oh Godd!...Stop it!...Pleaseee!...I can't stand this!..." Dave pleaded as feverish darts of excitement arched through his balls at the feel of Kathy's voracious cunt sheathing the end of his cock.

The shameless schoolgirl ignored him as she whispered...

"Of course we'll have to be really careful now daddy!...You won't come inside me will you?... You'll pull out won't you daddy?...You don't want to give me a baby do you?..." Kathy purred, wriggling around on the end of Dave's cock with whorish enthusiasm.

"Naaahh!....Kathy!...Goddd!....I can't!...We should stop!...We should stop now!..." Dave moaned, his body trembling all over as he tried to resist the awful temptation that the wanton blonde was offering him.

Kathy smiled at his anguished distress. She knew he was going to fuck her! In another minute he'd be fucking her stupid and she could hardly wait. She knew just what to do and what to say to drive him absolutely crazy.

She rose up from her shoulders so that her mouth was brushing Dave's ear and she panted...

"Call me Wendy daddy!...Call me Wendy while you're fucking me!...Put your cock in your little Bunny and fuck me!...Do it!...." Kathy hissed.

"Whattttt!...." he cried, jerking up even higher so that he could stare down into Kathy's face with amazement. Her eyes flashed back at him with wanton excitement from behind her glasses. His already obscene level of excitement was going off the scale in response to Kathy's wicked little game. The shameless blonde returned his gaze with a knowing smile as she whispered to him urgently...

"I'm your little Bunny, daddy!...You can fuck me just like you want!...I want you to!...Just tell me you want to!....Tell me!!..."

"Bunny!...Wendy!...You.. want.. me... to... fuck.. you?..." Dave asked in a feverish daze.

"Yessss, daddy!... Yesss!...More than anything!..." Kathy moaned swiveling her cunt irresistibly around on Dave's turgid cock. She knew she had him now. She could see in his wide eyed look that she had completely broken him! Now she was going to give him the ride of his life.

"Put your big cock in your little Bunny's cunt daddy!...Fill me with it!...Please daddy!... Please!...Screw me just like you screw mommy!..."

"Wendy!...How can I!...I want to but I can't!...It's not righttt!..." Dave groaned.

But Kathy only smiled up at his confusion and continued to work her sweet pussy magic on the end of his engorged dick.

"Please fuck me daddy!...Put it in me!....I know mommy won't always let you fuck her the way you want to!....But you can do it all with me!...You can fuck me any way you want to daddy!...I'll do all the things for you that mommy won't!...Please!.... Give it to your baby girl!...Fuck me daddy!...Fuck me daddy now!..." Kathy moaned .

The poor, middle aged father couldn't stand another instant of Kathy's lurid teasing. With a wounded bellow ..."Nnnnnaaahhhh!..."...he slammed his loins forward and drove his steel-like shaft balls deep into Kathy's searing cunt.

"Aaaahhhhh!.....Daddyyyy!...Yesss!...Ohhh Yesss!...That's itttt!..." Kathy gasped. Her eyes became hooded slits as her slick hole was suddenly filled with Dave's bulging shaft. He was so distended that he stretched her young cunt thrillingly. 

Something had snapped inside Dave. He buried his face in Kathy's hair and started to slam the spread eagled blonde beneath him like a man possessed.

"Unnnn!....Unnn!...Unnnn!...Unnnn!..." he grunted as he hammered the squirming schoolgirl.

Kathy smiled and bit her lip with pleasure. Dave's frantic thrashing was making the butt plug goose her furiously. And his pistoning prick was giving her the fucking she had been needing for hours. She hunched back up at him with equal passion as Dave pounded his cock in and out of her juicy pussy like it was his last act on earth.

"Unnnn!...Unnnn!...Wendyyyy!... Unnnn!... Unnn!... Bunny!... Unnnn!......." he chanted.

"Yeahhh!...Fuck me daddy!..Ummmm!...Fuck me!...Ummm Hmmm!...Oh Yeahhhh!... That's it!...Fuck your baby girl!...Unn Hunnn!... Pound my little pussy with your big cock!... You're going to make me come!...That's it!...Uhhh Huhhh!...Uhhh Huhhh!... Oh yeah!... I'm going to come on my daddy's big fucking cock!... Yeahhhhh!..." Kathy panted as her cunt began to spasm and her guts began to convulse underneath the big man hunching frantically into her!

"Unnnnn!....Godddd!....Unnn!...Unnn!...Unnnn!..." he moaned.

"Yessss!...Yessss!...Naaaaaahhhh!...Goddddd!.." she wailed, shooting her legs up in the air in a wide spread vee. 

"Unnnnn!...Unnnn!...Ahhh!..." Dave cried with arousal as his cock speared to the very center of the young blonde's molten pussy.

Kathy squeezed Dave with her arms as tight as she could, wringing his plundering tool with her voracious cunt.

"Waittt!...Unnnn!...Stop it!...Stop fucking me!...Push daddy!...Unn Hnnn!...Push it in as far as you can and hold it!...There!... Unn Hnn!...Unn Hnn!... Yeahhh!... " she gasped as Dave obeyed her, jamming himself with all his strength into her fiery slit. Kathy hunched up against his downward thrust, grinding her hard edged uterus into Dave's seething cock crown.

"Harder!...Unn Hnnn!...Give me all of it!...Like that!... Unnnn Huhhh!...Unnn Hnnn!... Ohhhh!... " the sizzling blonde moaned. Dave was motionless above her as she held him tight and writhed her sweet pussy on his cock like a butterfly on a pin.

"Naaaa!...There!...Yesss!...Hold it!...Ohhh yeahhhh!...Don't move!....Don'ttttt!... Ohhhhh!...Yesss!...Yesss!..." Kathy squealed as her whole body went into spasm. With Dave's big cock nudging into her stomach, her orgasm overcame her, wracking her loins and sending her tight pussy into convulsions on his plundering tool. Her pussy clenched and unclenched around his cock like a brutally milking fist as she shuddered beneath him.

"Ohhhh!...Naaaaa!....Ohhh!...Bunny!!!..." Dave moaned despairingly. His cock was harder that it had ever been, his nuts were pulled up so tight they were practically inside his throat. The way Kathy's cunt was spasming around his prick was making it impossible not to come. But he couldn't come inside her, not inside his little girl. He squirmed around frantically in the saddle of Kathy's upturned loins, trying to fight the irresistible urge.

Kathy began to calm down as her diminishing orgasm swept through her groin. It had been too quick! She needed more! She was surprised that Dave had been able to last so long. She wondered if he could hold it just a little longer.

"Ohhh dadddy!...You're in me so deep and you're so big!... " Kathy gushed, snapping her loins up so that Dave's knob breeched the mouth of her womb. 

"Ohhhh!..." she gasped, her eyes sparkling with wanton passion as she grabbed her ankles and spread herself obscenely open beneath Dave's quivering loins. 

"Ummmm!...Ummm Hmmmm!...Ummm Hmmm!...'' she crooned, rocking her hips gently back and forth so that the hard edge of her uterus scraped around and around the sensitive knob of Dave's cock. 

"Nnnaaaa!...Godd!..." he cried.

"Ohhh Daddy!...You're not going to come inside me, are you?...You're not going to shoot all your hot daddy sperm, are you?..." she taunted in her little girl voice, knowing he couldn't hold it much longer inside her tantalizing pussy.

"Unnnnn!....Unnnnn!....Noooo!..." he gasped, reflexively thrusting his engorged knob into the opening of Kathy's uterus. The sensation of her twitching cunt ceaselessly swiveling on his rampant tool was just too much to bear. He had to pull out...just not for another moment....just a little longer! He was too furiously aroused not to wait until the last second!

Kathy looked up at Dave with a whorish glint in her eyes as she twisted beneath him and reached under her ass. Before Dave had any idea what she was doing, she ripped the butt plug from her twitching anus.

"Phhhwaahhhh!....Gnnaaaa!....Yessssss!..." she wailed in anguished delight, wrapping her arms and legs around Dave in a feverish bear hug as electric thrills raced through her and another orgasm swept deliciously through her groin.

"Naaaaaaaa!...Ahhhh!...Noooo!" Dave roared in shocked surprise. When Kathy snatched the plastic plug from her anus, her cunt locked on his cock with crushing intensity. He could feel the come racing up the root of his shaft and he realized he had to pull out now!

"Wendy!...Kathy!...I'm coming!...Let me go baby!...Please!...I can't stop!..."

"Nooo!...Wait daddy!...I'm cominggg!!...Ngahhh!...I'm coming again on my daddy's beautiful, big cock!...Don't come!...Hold it just a few more seconds!... Ahhhh!...Yesss!... Ahhh!...Wait daddyyyy!!..." Kathy pleaded, knowing full well that Dave's balls were convulsing and his hot sperm was on the way. She held him prisoner with her strong arms and legs while her cunt spasmed on his straining tool.

"Naaaa!...Noooo!...Noooo!..." he cried in anguish as a huge blast of fiery sperm erupted from his cock and jetted frantically into the opening of Kathy's womb.

"Ohhhh, dadddy!...You're coming!....Naaaa!...God!!!...I can feel you coming!.... Ohhhh!... There!....Unn Hnnn!...There!...Ummm!...Your hot come is shooting inside my pussy!...Ahhh Godddd!... It's so hot, shooting inside me!...Aahhhh!..." Kathy wailed as Dave's come spurting inside her intensified her already wracking orgasm.

"Naaaaaa!...Ohh Goddd!...Nooo!...Pleaseee!...Naaaa!..." he whimpered in despair as his come surged into Kathy's leeching pussy.

"Yesss!....Godddd!...Yesssss!...." she wailed.

"Unnn!...Naaaaa!...Noooo!..." Dave cried again and again as his balls erupted. 

"Ohhh dadddy!...Yessss!...Come inside your little girl!...That's it!!...Fuck me like you want to give me a baby!..." Kathy taunted, knowing her obscene encouragement was making him mad with excitement.
