 Here is the first part of a journal entry by Avery Amore, a young rake of modern times who finds himself suddenly entangled in the lives of an unsuspecting young couple of means. By the time this story ends there will have been seduction, sex, voyeurism, and, if our hero plays his cards right, a ménage à trois. So settle back, dear readers, and enjoy!

*****

I had answered an online ad for a "personal assistant". The posting mentioned the usual requirements of being a hard worker, having related experience, self-motivated, yada yada. So I shot out an email with my resume and was asked to come in for an interview. I pulled up in front of a mansion amongst mansions. Circular driveway, perfect garden plots, gas lamps ready to flicker at a moments notice, all outward signs pointing to a life of wealth and comfort. 

A life dedicated to wealth was something I could never understand myself. As a young destitute male, my main interests consisted of the opposite sex and a life of variety, in that order. But each to their own. They could wrap themselves in bubble wrap and sterilize their toilet paper for all I cared. I was just here for a paycheck, or so I thought. 

I was greeted at the door by a smartly dressed young man in his mid to late twenties, about the same age as me in any case, who had an air of jaded, self-importance about him to go along with his expensive watch and perfectly coiffed hair. 

"Ok," he sighed importantly. "You must be Avery. Look, um, why don't you meet me in my office up there to the right. I'm in the middle of something."

"Not a problem," I smiled. He had already turned around to head towards the back of the house before I finished speaking.

On my way upstairs I examined the house. It was certainly luxurious, a little too modern for my taste. I wondered how I was going to present myself to this guy. He wasn't exactly the type of person I usually associate with. Ascending the stairs, I entered his office. 

It had a wall lined with books, another with art, and the back wall was lined with large windows with wood paneling along the bottom and a sliding door in the middle that led out to a balcony overlooking the backyard. In the center stood a desk covered with papers and a laptop. After a cursory look at his art, I stepped around his desk and looked out the back window. 

He was talking with a lovely young lady who was reclining by the pool underneath an umbrella. She looked to be about 5'5", with shoulder length brunette hair, and a trim young body covered up with tight white shorts, a white bikini top, and sunglasses. I wondered who she was. I hadn't seen a wedding ring on his finger.

Whoever she was, she didn't appear to be very interested in whatever he was talking about. After a few more minutes of what looked like arguing on his part and disinterested grunts on hers. He leaned over her reclined body and gave her a kiss. His girlfriend. Then something magical happened. 

There are rare moments in life that seem to be so filled with the other-worldly, that one can actually feel the meshing together of events inside one's body, like the precise clockwork inside that asshole's watch. And so it was, when he turned around to head back towards the house, she stuck her tongue out at him like a little girl and followed quickly with her middle finger. My heart swelled with love. Opportunity had come knocking, and I suddenly had another reason to get this job.

...

I don't know how many other candidates there were, but after one more interview I got the job. His name was Mitch. It turned out he was an heir to some technology company that dealt with network security. He had recently graduated college and been made the figurehead of its charitable foundations in Mexico and various South American countries by his father, one of the company's cofounders. 

It was his job to give speeches, fly down to smile for photos with the locals after particularly big projects, and accept awards on behalf of the company. It was my job to handle his travel arrangements, act as the first line of defense between him and phone calls from the head office, proofread his speeches, and pick up his dry cleaning. Menial work for sure, but like my new boss, I wasn't looking for responsible work at this stage of my life.

During my first day working there, while on a tour of the house, I was introduced to her. Her name was Amy. It was too short an introduction to learn anything about her other than the fact that she was a knockout. Not just in her looks, but in the way she carried herself. The vibes were strong with this one, and I wanted more.

She was on her way to the pool in a similar outfit to the one she had worn the last time I saw her, minus the sunglasses covering her brown eyes. She smiled politely at me and continued on to the pool. Over the next few days I would see her from time to time around the house, but it wasn't until the next week that I would get a chance to talk to her.

I was coming out of the restroom upstairs just as she was reaching the staircase to head down. I stopped in my tracks as soon as I saw her and shot her a playful grin. She made no response before she turned to head downstairs. She was wearing a jean skirt and tight yellow shirt. Her hair was pulled up into a ponytail that waved playfully to me with each step, as if beckoning me to follow her. Unfortunately she hadn't exactly responded. I wondered if I wasn't her type or whether she already had another lover or perhaps she was only turned on by money. 

When she got to the bottom of the stairs, she turned to head towards the kitchen, passing under the railing where I was standing. Before she was out of sight she tilted her head up and looked at me with a slight smirk and twinkle in her eye. My heart beat quickened.

Mitch was still on the phone with one of the organizers in Ecuador, catching up on the most recent development project there, a school if I remember correctly, so I decided that this would be an excellent time to grab a water out of the fridge.

When I got to the kitchen, she was standing at the counter scooping out some Greek yogurt into a bowl of granola and blueberries. She glanced at me with a noncommital look as I walked in. I parried with a similar look as I walked past her to the fridge. After I grabbed a bottle of water I leaned on the opposite counter a little ways from her and began with a friendly "Hi."

She headed towards the refrigerator with the yogurt and said, "Hi."

She went back to her bowl, picked it up and leaned back against the counter where she proceeded to eat. She held my gaze which, I assure you, had not wavered from hers for one second. 

"What?" she asked me with a bemused look on her face.

"What?" I asked back.

"You're staring at me."

"And?"

Her brow wrinkled a little as she smiled, "You don't beat around the bush do you?"

A lesser man might have jumped all over that one. After looking at her for a couple of seconds, I turned my gaze down towards my water bottle, examining its ridges. Savoring the last calm before the storm. I glanced back up at her.

"I guess so... but I wonder..." I looked enquiringly at her.

"What?"

"Well, it would probably be out of line for me to say..."

"Oh really?"

"...You know, let's just forget it."

"Well now I have to know," she smiled into my soul.

I looked at her as if I was about to say what was on my mind... and then thought better of it.

"What?!" she giggled.

I exhaled deeply and said, "I was just wondering whether mixing dairy and grains together is really the healthiest option." 

Her laughter was like music. It spread a delicious warmth through my entire body. All of my cylinders were now firing. I smiled at her appreciatively.

"Then again laughter is the best medicine. So I guess that about evens it out."

"Well good. I try to stay healthy." 

"I've noticed," I smiled mischievously at her.

"Yeah, you've been noticing since you got here," she smiled back.

"And here I thought I was being so careful."

"Uh huh. Well I'd be a little more careful if I were you, or you'll be out of a job."

I pretended to consider my options while looking at my water bottle, then at her, then back to the water bottle for a few seconds. I set the bottle down on the counter carefully, then, looking up at her, I shifted gears, and began to slowly walk towards her. She stopped eating.

"I think..." I was now halfway to her. She looked as if she had forgotten she was holding a bowl. 

"...that I'll just..." I place my hands on either side of her on the counter and leaned down to her ear to whisper, 

"...have to take my chances." 

I ran my nose along the side of her face and sniffed her hair. She inhaled sharply at my touch. I slowly brought my head back to where our faces were inches apart. I looked straight into her eyes. I noticed a slight flushing across her cheeks. 

I glanced at her lips for a split second, then at the last moment I backed away. An impish smirk spread over my face. "I'll see you around." Turning on my heels, I headed towards the stairs, grabbing my water bottle on the way.

...

Things went along without any serious provocations from me for the next week or so. Mitch's schedule wasn't exactly hectic, so whenever I wasn't needed I would hang out in the living room at the top of the stairs, next to his office, reading books from his library. 

It was the only room in the house which had a somewhat comfortable vibe to it due to its light yellow color and the sunlight coming through the windows.

From time to time Amy and I would cross paths in the house. I would smile at her. She would smile back. One morning, feeling very glad to see her and slightly euphoric, I even did a mock bow, complete with one hand over my heart, the other raised in the air behind me. There may have been a flourish on my part. She giggled but looked a little confused all the same. I just smiled. Her smile alone was enough to get me through the day.

The erotically charged aspect of our relationship was fast returning to its baseline. I noticed minor withdrawal symptoms in my own heart but nothing too serious. Eventually her interest in me on that level appeared to have all but disappeared. It was time.

...

It was Wednesday morning. I was sitting in the living room upstairs when Amy walked by on her way downstairs. She was wearing peach colored pajama pants and a rose colored tank top with no bra. Her bare feet made almost no noise on the carpet as she walked past. She was texting on her phone and didn't look at me, or perhaps didn't notice me. 

I smiled to myself and felt a stirring in my loins. I glanced out the window and saw Mitch lounging by the pool reading a book. It had been another slow day so far. There was a bloody Mary on the table next to him. A late night I guess.

I got up from the couch and went downstairs. As I approached the kitchen, Amy glanced over at me from the counter. She was busy chopping up various types of fruit. 

"Hey." I began.

"Hey back."

She continued chopping. 

"What's on the menu for today?" I said as I leaned against the counter.

"Just making a fruit salad with some cereal."

I noticed the care she was putting into chopping the fruit. It was done slowly and with purpose. 

"Will this be the fruit salad to end all fruit salads?" I smiled at her.

She looked at me with a confused look on her face then a smile of understanding. "I like things to look perfect before I eat them. It's a little OCD but whatever. "

"Presentation is everything. I bet it tastes better too."

"You bet your ass it does!" throwing a raised eyebrow my way. I swooned a little.

"What else do you put that much care into?"

She thought for a while. "I don't know. I'm a girl so of course my appearance when I go out. But I guess most girls do that."

"I'd like to see that some time."

She looked at me with questioning eyes for a second then turned back to her fruit. Scooping the last of her precision chunks into the bowl, she went to the fridge to get the milk. She poured it in her cereal and then took it and the fruit to the center island, sitting on one of the bar stools facing me.

After looking at her for a second I smiled and began, "Tell me, if we went out dancing, what would you wear?"

She looked at me with amusement. "Ummm... I don't know. What kind of place are we going to?"

"Oh you know. Dark, loud. Somewhere people go to lose themselves."

"Well THAT really narrows it down." She laughed. "Hmm... Since this would be our first date, it would have to be something special." Her mischievous grin had returned. Whatever illusions she had about my apparent loss of interest in her were now gone.

"Something classy yet understated?" I offered.

"Well maybe not too classy. A girl has to make an impression after all."

"Somehow I don't think that will be an issue." 

I've found that even those women at the top of the food chain as far as contemporary beauty is concerned need to be reminded of their beauty as much as, if not more than, any other woman.

She blushed and stared down at her beautiful meal. "You're quite the flatterer aren't you." 

When she looked up at me again I let her know I was sincere with my expression. She smiled warmly. We shared a moment. Then I felt the energy in the room shift towards the erotic. It was subtle but she felt it too and went back to inspecting her fruit creation, while I felt myself carried away.

"Well let's start with the basics." I began. "Let's open up your closet and see what your options are." As I said this I made my way around the island to her seat. She watched me curiously and perhaps a little nervously. 

Standing behind her, I asked her to close her eyes. She looked to her left out the windows to the backyard where Mitch had fallen asleep, his book lay closed on the ground next to him. She glanced playfully at me and then closed her eyes. I placed my hands on her shoulders and lightly dragged my fingers down her back. I then slid my fingers up around the back of her neck. Her breath caught slightly. 

I whispered into her ear, "Let's start with the basics. What kind of top should we look for?" As I said this I slid my hands gently down her arms. When I was level with her stomach my hands came together toward her belly button. 

"This is nice material, but I'm thinking something a little smoother." I lifted up her top enough to slide my fingers under and began to brush my fingertips lightly over her stomach, moving them slowly up towards her breasts, barely grazing them along the bottoms, returning down again, sending a shiver up her spine. She leaned back into my chest, surrendering to the sensations.

"Maybe silk?" she breathed out.

"Mmmm. Yes I think you're right." I used my index finger to briefly explore her belly button, then I slowly ran just the tips of my fingers along the waist band of her pajama bottoms. Her hips moved slightly. 

"But what color should it be?" I asked.

As I said this my fingertips slowly made their way up towards her breasts again. I could hear her breathing become shallower. My fingertips continued upward and slid gently over both breasts, grazing her nipples, causing her to whimper softly. Then my fingers started their descent again.

"Maybe a dark green?" she suggested followed by a soft gasp as my fingers slipped under the waist band of her pants. She grabbed the edges of her chair. I raked the tips of my finger nails gently down her thighs, all the way to the tops of her knees, all the while dragging her pajama bottoms along. She lifted slightly from her seat to comply. As I began to slide my fingertips back her legs parted slightly and her head fell back on my left shoulder. Midway up her thighs I slid them into the gap between her legs, slowly making their way towards her heat. Her hand grabbed the back of my head. As I got close to her panties I slid my fingers out over the tops of her thighs, barely brushing her outer lips. She let out a disappointed moan, followed by a soft nibbling of my earlobe.

"What do you think," I breathed huskily into her ear. "Shorts... pants... skirt?" 

I then slid my hands underneath her ass. I caressed it for a second before sliding my hands forward along the bottoms of her thighs, giving her pants a final push, causing them to drop to the floor. I was now running my fingers all over her smooth thighs. 

"Mmmm... skirt." she purred into my ear. Her hand went to my crotch and began to investigate.

My fingertips continued their journey, brushing over her panties, under her shirt, back up towards her breasts. "What about the bra?" As I asked this I grabbed the bottom of her top and pulled it over her head, tossing it on top of her pants. I wasted no time and grabbed both of her breasts firmly, kneading them and gently twisting her nipples between my fingers. Her breath caught in her throat. 

"Oh my god!" she gasped. She discontinued her exploration of my member, which was now at full attention. Both hands were now firmly grasping the sides of her stool. "Fuck! Mmmm... something lacy and black." Her hips started to rock slightly back and forth as I continued to squeeze and caress her.

"Now..." My fingers turned downwards and began a slow swan dive towards where she needed it now. 

"What about... " their pace slowed to a crawl. She began to arch up towards my hands, letting out a soft whimper.

"... your..." They continued down... almost there.

"... stockings?" ...past her panties and along her thighs.

"Oh my god you're a fuckhead!" She giggled and then began moaning softly in my ear as my hands continued their exploration of her thighs, getting closer and closer to her lips. Her legs spread wider as her hips continued to rock, hands still firmly gripped to the side of the stool. I sincerely admired her self-control. 

"And panties?" As I said this, I suddenly slid my right hand up to her mound and began a slow, firm massage along her lips, my middle finger burying itself in her folds through her panties, soaked through with anticipation. A loud moan echoed through the kitchen. I softly ran the finger nails of my left hand over her stomach and breasts. Goose bumps were now visible all over her skin. She pressed her head back over my shoulder letting out a silent moan. I bit her neck softly.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck.. oh my god.. after this... I'm not sure.. mmm... I should wear panties again... mmm..." she gasped.

"What a great idea." I whispered close to her ear. Then in one movement I slid my hand into her panties and thrust my middle finger deep inside of her. Her body arched up from the chair, her head reaching even further over my shoulder, almost pushing me over. I recentered my body and grabbed her right breast firmly, for my balance as much as her pleasure, pumping my finger in and out of her in a steady, circular rhythm, my finger rubbing against her upper wall, my palm rubbing against her clit. I felt her body shaking and tensing, her walls clamping around my finger. In that moment, crying out to the gods, she looked even more stunning. I held her close to me.

Her spasms eventually stopped. I let her enjoy the afterglow. After a while I released her and turned her stool around until I had her centered to me, her knees held securely in my hands. Her face was flushed and eager. After staring into her eyes for a moment, I planted a soft kiss on her lips, allowing it to linger for a few moments before pulling away. Her brown eyes looked questioningly into mine.

What felt like a thoroughly rakish smile spread across my lips as I asked, "Does Saturday night work for you?"

...