 Katie reached up and wrapped her hand around my dick.

"Still hard?"

"Yeah."

"Could you go again?"

"Yeah." 

She dipped her mouth and slipped her lips over my head. The sensation was incredible. It was almost too much. She popped her head off.

"I never would have thought you were this big."

She licked from the base to the head, and flicked the edge with her tongue. Her hand squeezed tight.

"Are you ready to cum again? Do you want to fill my cheeks with another hot load?"

She batted her eyes.

"Or do you want to shoot your cum all over my face?"

"I've got a better idea. Are you wet?"

"So wet, baby."

"Get on the bed."

She gave my cock one last squeeze, and stood up. She walked slowly over to her bed and bent over.

Looking over her shoulder, she said, "What did you have in mind?"

She put her knees on the bed, reached up, ass still in the air, to turn on her lamp as I walked up, dick swaying. She looked back and her eyes fell on my throbbing cock.

"Woah," she whispered.

"What?" I asked.

"I didn't realize how big you are."

"Yeah, well get ready for it." I pulled her pants down to reveal her perfectly shaped, round little ass. Her pussy was so wet that I could see it shine in the lamplight. I could imagine how good it would feel. How wet, how tight. All thoughts of my girlfriend in the next room were gone. I wanted to fuck, and I wanted to fuck right then.

"No, wait," she whimpered. She obviously wanted it, but something was wrong.

"Why?"

"I'm scared."

"You on the pill?"

"Of course I'm in the pill, it's just... I hadn't seen you in the light before. I think your dick is too big. You won't fit inside of me."

"You're telling me you don't want this big, hot dick inside of you?"

"No, I do, I just..." She stuck her face in the pillow. "I don't know, I don't know."

I pushed my dick up against her pussy lips.

"Don't you though?"

She moaned into the pillow. I rubbed my dick up and down her lips.

"Don't you want to feel me push into you? To take slow strokes in and out?"

"It's gonna hurt," she said.

I slapped her ass. A second later a red handprint appeared. A tremor went up and down her body.

"But don't you like a little bit of pain?"

She nodded into the pillow, embarrassed.

"Then tell me you want it." I smacked her ass on the other side.

She shook her head into the pillow.

"Tell me you want it." I smacked her ass again, and rubbed my dick against her clit. She moaned.

"Tell me you need it." She lifted her ass into the air, anticipating the next smack. I waited. She turned to and look at me.

"Aren't you going to smack my ass?" Kaite asked.

Without breaking eye contact I smacked her ass twice, hard.

"Now tell me you need it." I slid my dick along her lips, and started to push the head into her tight pussy. She moaned in anticipation, and I pulled out.

She bit her lip and shook her head.

"Fine," I said. I walked over to the door and picked my shorts up off the ground.

"No no wait!" She yelled without moving. She looked scared and desperate. "Please."

"Please what?"

"Please fuck me," she said. "I need it."

Without a word, I dropped my shorts and stepped over to the bed. I grabbed both ass cheeks.

"I'll go slow at first, but I will be fucking you hard tonight."

She nodded, understanding. I lined up my dick without using my hands, and pushed the head into her opening. She gasped.

"You okay?" I asked.

"God yes."

With that, I shoved my dick in to the hilt. It felt wonderful sliding into her. She squealed and put her face back into the pillow. Watching my enormous dick quickly disappear into the tiny 19 year old bent over in front of me almost drove me over the edge.

I quickly thrust in and out.

"You like that"

"Mhmmmm."

I thrust in and out again.

"Tell me."

"I love your big, hard dick. Please fuck me."

I was ready to start slamming her pussy, when there was a knock on the door.

"Katie, are you in there? It's me, Sabrina."

Hearing my girlfriend's voice while I was still inside Katie was strangely erotic. I was too far gone to even be concerned when I looked over and saw that the door was slightly cracked open. The knocking came again.

"Hello? Is anyone in here? I heard yelling."

"Just a minute," yelled Katie. "Not decent." She winked at me. She mouthed out the words "Keep fucking me."

I pushed in one last time, and then pulled out. As soon as I was out, I realized the danger I was in. I snatched my shorts and t-shirt from the ground and jumped into the closet. Just as I did, he heard Sabrina.

"I'm coming in!"

The door creaked and in walked Sabrina, my girlfriend. She was wearing a short skirt, a tight tube top, and high heels. Her shoulder length, wavy blond hair bounced as she walked in. 

In a flash, Katie flipped over and jumped under her sheets. Her yoga pants, bra, and top were spread around the room. Sabrina looked at her skeptically.

"What are you doing?"

Katie clearly didn't have an answer. "What's wrong?" she said.

"I guess I passed out in the next room" She shook her head. "And then when I woke up, I heard noises in here. But I think I understand. I'll let you get back to it."

"Back to what?"

I sat nervously in the closet, ready to be found out.

"Well, you were masturbating, weren't you?"

"Oh! I was. How did you know?"

"Well it was either that, or you were having sex. And there's no body else in here. Is there?"

I held tightly onto the closet door, hoping she wouldn't check.

"No," Katie said, but her face told a different story, and Sabrina saw it.

"Have you seen Dennis?"

"No."

I looked down to see that my erection had gone down enough, and slipped on my shorts and put on my shirt. I knew I had been caught.

"Why do you look so nervous, Katie?"

There was a long pause. Katie and Sabrina stared at each other. Then, she had an idea.

"Sabrina, you caught me. I was masturbating. And when you walked in, I was about to cum. And I really need to cum now."

"Oh." She stood still.

"Like, right now."

"Huh?"

"Like, I need to finish myself off right now. So you need to go... unless you want to watch."

"No, I understand," Sabrina said. "I'll go." She turned around, and her toe caught the edge of Katie's bedsheet. She stumbled and turned around. 

There lay Katie stripped naked on the bed. Her nipples were hard. Sabrina looked her over. She had well shaped, perky breasts. She was short, but her legs were long, and they led up to an absolutely perfect ass.

Sabrina gulped. She sat down against the wall, facing the bed.

"Don't wait for me," she said. "I'm on my way out." But she didn't move.

Katie later told me why she did it. She knew she had to do it. If she didn't it would seem like she wasn't already started. Sabrina might get suspicious. She might check the closet. And if she found me, Sabrina would never let me around her again. If that happened, she would never get to feel that dick inside of her. So she reached down and started slowly fingering her clit. 

She knew that both Sabrina and I were watching her touch herself, and that made her even more wet. 

She took a finger in her mouth, then took her wet fingers and started playing with her nipples. A small moan escaped her lips. 

She laid there for a while, eyes tightly shut, fingering her clit with one finger while massaging her breasts and tweaking her nipples with the other. She was close, but she was having trouble cumming. 

Katie looked over to see Sabrina with her skirt pulled up. She had her white thong pushed to the side, and she was touching herself, looking straight at Katie. 

Katie watched Sabrina look down at herself as she made slow, small circles around her clit, and then dip a finger deep inside her pussy. With her middle finger fully inside, she looked back up at Katie longingly.

It took all the willpower I had to not burst out of the closet and join in. I started stroking my cock outside of my shorts.

Sabrina and Katie both picked up their pace. Their fingers worked madly in unison, bringing themselves closer and closer to orgasm. They stared into each other's eyes, both wanting to see the other cum first. They moaned together. 

Sabrina started to cum. She moaned and whined, biting her lip. Her eyes closed and her legs began shaking, and opening and closing. She clutched at her tits as every muscle in her body jumped and twitched. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she let out a long, trembling groan. 

Sabrina looked back at Katie as she continued to slowly finger her clit. Aftershocks shook her body. Katie was completely turned on, but she couldn't cum. She closed her eyes and sighed.

"What's wrong?" Sabrina asked.

"I'm tired," Katie said. "That's all. I just don't think I can cum again."

"Again?"

"I already came tonight, and now I don't know if I can cum."

"What if I helped?" Sabrina said. She started crawling over. With her skirt still hiked up, Katie could see her ass swaying in the air.

Katie was shocked. "Really?"

"I don't know. It just doesn't seem fair. I came, why shouldn't you? And if you can't do it on your own..."

"Have you ever done anything like this before?"

"No."

"What do you think Dennis would think about this?"

"I don't know," Sabrina said. She sat back on her heels and straightened her skirt.

"I bet he would think it was hot," Katie said.

Sabrina was frustrated. "No," she said. "He'd probably hate it."

"Why do you say that?"

"I've always wanted a threesome. But I don't think he would be into it. I've never asked, really, but -"

"Do you have a girl in mind?"

"...Would you?"

"Maybe. How about we try you out?" Katie sat up in bed and spread her legs. Sabrina saw her pussy, and could feel herself getting wet again. "Why don't you crawl over here and lick?"

Sabrina smiled and got back on her hands and knees.