 I was leaning against the dresser, and she was on her knees on the floor.

"I need you to cum straight down my throat," Katie said.

The head of my dick was resting on her bottom lip. Every time her lips came together, they came together around my cock.

"Pleeeeaaaassssse..." 

I told her to be quiet. My girlfriend was in the next room, passed out drunk, and outside of Katie's bedroom the party raged on. If anyone heard what she was saying...

"I'll do anything you want," she whispered. "I will choke myself on that big dick until you cum. Just please let me taste that jizz."

She was only wearing a bra and her blue yoga pants. She had her right hand jammed in her tight yoga pants, fingering her clit.

"Please, baby, I know you taste good. I wanna swallow you."

"If she ever found out," I started, and she cut me off.

"She never has to know. Just give me permission. I wanna make you feel good." She breathed on my dick, and kissed the tip. She looked me right in the eye. "Can I please suck you off now?"

"I don't know."

She flicked the tip of my dick with her tongue.

"What about now?"

"I... I don't know"

Katie pulled her head back, and for a moment, she was lost in fingering herself. Seeing her on her knees below me, her hips grinding against her hand, that perfect ass going up and down, her head thrown back in ecstasy, made me want to throw her to the ground and pound that ass until I filled her went cunt with load after load of cum. 

Her body started to shake. She bit her fist, and her eyes rolled back in her head. Then she pulled her hand out of her pants, just shy of her orgasm.

"I don't want to cum yet, baby. Not till you let me taste you. Not till I can slide you up and down in my mouth. Not till I can feel the head of your dick pulsing against the back of my throat." 

She paused. "So. What about now?"

All I could do was moan.

"I'm gonna need a yes or a no, stud. So..." She dipped her head under my rock hard dick and started kissing my balls. "What..." She kissed my left ball. "About..." She kissed my right ball. "Now?" She licked my sack from the bottom to the top, stopping right at the base of my dick. All I wanted in the world was to feel her soft tongue trace the underside of my dick, and she knew it. But I didn't want to give her the satisfaction. 

"Maybe." I said.

"Maybe?" A look of anger flashed across her face, and then a desperate hunger filled her eyes. She jammed her left hand in her pants and started fingering her clit furiously. She wrapped the fingers of her right hand around my pulsing dick, and took my whole scrotum in her mouth, licking furiously. 

Her hand, still went from her pussy, slowly started sliding up and down on my dick. She started moaning around my balls as she looked right up at me and started begging.

"Please please please please please" she whined with her mouth full and her hips thrusting. I could tell she was about to cum just thinking about it. She rubbed my dick all over her face. All at once she pulled away. She stared at me, shivering at the edge of an orgasm. "Please."



"Do it," I said.



She started cumming. Her whole body was shaking as she leaned back. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she tried to stifle a scream by biting her lip.

"I said do it now." 

Still trembling, she leaned forward and grabbed my dick again. In one motion, she shoved it all the way in to the back of her throat. I felt my dick slide into her soft wetness, and her tongue wiggle as she worked me in. She kept fingering her pussy under her pants, and I could feel her moans vibrating on my dick as she started to bob up and down my huge cock. 

I felt her gag and she looked up at me with absolute exhaustion, absolute devotion. She moved up and down my cock, only getting about half way down. When she got as deep as she could go, she grabbed my hand and put it on top of her head. I got the hint. The next time she reached her limit, I gently pushed her head down. I felt my dick fill her throat, as her lips went all the way to my pubes. 

She pulled off in one quick moment. There was a string of spit trailing from her lips to my dick as she talked.

"You need to cum now."

"But we just started."

"But I need to cum again. And the only thing that can get me off is having your hot load in the back of my throat. Do you understand. I need your cum."

She took my dick in her mouth and slid down to the base of my cock. She popped off again. There were ropes of spit connecting my dick and her mouth.

"Now."

She started bobbing up and down on my dick like a madwoman, all the time moaning as she continued to rub her clit to another orgasm. She took her hand off the base of my prick and slid it down to my balls. She lifted them up and down, pushing them up against the base of my dick.

And that was enough. Before I knew what was happening, I started shooting more spunk than I ever have before. Katie's lips made a seal around my dick and whatever she couldn't swallow started to fill up her cheeks. I kept on cumming, it had to have been 15 shots, but she didn't weaken or even close her eyes. She just kept looking at me, her cheeks getting more and more full, puffing out with my cum. 

As my orgasm subsided, she slowly started jacking my dick, squeezing the remaining cum out of me. But she didn't take my dick out of her mouth. Instead she held it there with her lips while she stuck both of her hands down her pants to finish herself off. 

Within moments, she was moaning and writhing on the floor below, mouth full of my cum and my dick, trying not to scream. When she was done, she opened her eyes again, and ate my cum. It took her three long, slow, swallows. 

And when she was done, I was still hard.

To be continued...