 Writers Note

This is the fifth chapter of my story about very special person. This part of the story goes from March 1981 until October 1981. It is a long chapter but that barely scratches the surface of that great time in my life. There is one evening back in her playroom that got pretty intense but that is not the focus here at all. This is all about being in love.

T

*

The next eight months with Katie were the most wonderful period of my life. I could fill three of these chapters with all of the great times I had with her but these are the highlights of that time. I lived every day totally in love with her and she was equally in love with me.

Although she never told me about what happened that night that Jean had come to visit her, Katie did tell me a lot about her. She made no secret of the fact that they talked on the phone every week. Jean had gone to college for art in New York City and had been living there ever since.

One night Katie said, "Jean is going to Hawaii next week."

I asked, "What for?" since Katie had never told me what Jean did for a living.

She replied, "I guess I will tell you this. Jean is a professional. She is going there on a date."

I asked, "A professional what?"

Katie sighed and answered, "Jean gets paid to have sex with men."

I said, "Oh, she is a," and that point Katie pressed her finger against my lips.

She said, "Please do not call her that. I do not like what she does, but she is my friend."

I replied, "I am sorry Katie and I won't. I promise."

She smiled and said, "Thank you. She also makes dirty movies and has been naked in a few magazines as well."

"Playboy?" I asked.

"No," Katie answered, "She tried to get into that but she isn't the kind of girl that they are looking for and it is not Penthouse either."

I said, "Okay."

She added, "Her family has pretty much disowned her. Her sister Janet still talks to her but everyone else has cut her off."

"That is sad," I said.

Katie looked at me and said, "Jean tried to get me involved with it. I know that she makes a lot of money, but I could never do that. I would rather go back to being a waitress."

I replied, "Well Katie, I am really glad that you didn't."

She said, "I know," and laughed, "Because you would never be able to afford me!" and she kissed me.

I said, "That is the truth!" 

Then one night we were lying in bed and as I was playing with her pussy, Katie laughed and asked, "Do you know what Jean told me that she did last week?"

I answered, "I have no idea."

She said, "She shaved her pussy! All of it! I asked her why and she said that some women are doing it now."

I replied, "I have seen some pictures where they were trimmed but not shaved."

Katie said with a smile, "Her pussy is even softer than mine and it is so nice." She added, "I couldn't wait for mine to grow in and of course get breasts as well. But I couldn't imagine not having it."

I laughed and just kept on playing until she climaxed.

Katie rarely cursed. Once in a great while I would hear her say, "Damn or hell," but that was about it. Me, I cursed a lot, which was something that she was trying to get me to cut back on.

She said, "You and Jean are really bad in that department. You really should stop doing it because it does not sound very professional."

I replied, "I know, its a bad habit. Didn't you ever curse?"

"Back in high school and college I did," she answered, "But when I got my job I realized how important it was to make a good impression and it is a lot easier to stop completely."

I said, "I agree."

She said, "I don't like dirty talk in bed. There are so many nicer ways of saying things." 

I replied, "You know that I don't do that, but I do like how you say screw my butt."

Katie laughed and replied, "Well doesn't that sound a lot nicer than fuck my ass? Well maybe a little nicer and besides, you have never once fucked my ass. You just make the nicest love to me there."

I said "Thank you Katie."

She kissed me, then smiled and said, "Just like you are going to do tonight," and that is what I did.

Katie could come up with some the craziest ways to have fun in bed. One Saturday night in March after supper she came over to the couch and sat down on my knees. By this point in our relationship I knew that any time she did this that something was up.

She kissed me and said, "Have I got something special for us to do tonight!"

I asked, "How special?"

She laughed and answered, "Nothing bad, just something different."

"Okay," I replied.

We sat there kissing for a while then she said, "Whenever you are ready, the stuff you will need is in the first bedroom on the dresser."

"Stuff?" I asked.

Katie answered with a laugh, "If you need any help just call me."

We kissed again and got off the couch. I made a quick bathroom stop and then went into the first bedroom. There on the dresser was a pair of pantyhose, a butt plug, and a tube of K-Y jelly. I stood there and laughed.

Katie called out from over in her bedroom, "Think you can figure everything out?"

"Yes Katie," I called back.

I heard her laughing over there as well, then I stripped and stuck the butt plug in my ass. It was a small one and it wasn't too hard to get in. I sat down on the bed and put on the pantyhose. They were very thin and sheer all the way to the waist. 

"I'm ready," I yelled.

I hadn't closed the bedroom door and she came around from her room and said, "Let's get going." She was wearing the same kind of pantyhose that I had on. I got off the bed and we walked down to the playroom. Of course walking with a butt plug in my ass felt really weird.

Katie saw the expression on my face and said, "I have one in too. It isn't that bad."

"If you say so," I replied.

She laughed and as we walked into the playroom she said, "Get on the bed." So I got on, lay down on my side, and she did the same facing me. We kissed and she said, "The rules to start are simple. All playing is done on the outside of the pantyhose."

I asked, "Where did you hear about this?"

"I thought of it the other morning when I was getting dressed," she answered with a big smile.

"Okay," I replied and we starting kissing and playing. 

It was neat feeling her fingers touching and playing with my cock and balls through the pantyhose as well as playing with her pussy and cunt. After a long time of this she moved around and we got into a side by side sixty-nine. That was even more fun and included playing with the butt plugs. Then she swung back around, pushed me on my back and climbed on top of me. She started sliding her cunt up and down my cock which felt really good.

I said, "If you keep that up and I'm going to cum soon."

Katie laughed and replied, "I have other plans."

She reached up and got a small pair of scissors from under the pillow, then she wiggled back down my legs. She pulled the pantyhose up right around the base of my cock, made a small cut with the scissors, then she set them down, reached into the top of the pantyhose and pushed my cock out of the hole.

"That is kind of tight," I said.

"They will stretch," she replied as she took the scissors and carefully made a small slit in the bottom of her pantyhose. "Now for the real fun," she said with one of her great smiles as she moved up, lay on her back and opened her legs.

I didn't need any more of an invitation than that. I rolled over and got between her legs. The hole in her pantyhose was small as well and it took some pushing until I was able to stretch it enough to get my cock inside and then inside of her cunt. I leaned forward and kissed her, then I started screwing.

"Feels pretty neat doesn't it?" she asked.

"This is wild Katie," I answered.

We kissed some more. The hole in the bottom of her pantyhose started to tear a little and it wasn't as tight around my cock but the one in mine stayed about the same. I brought her to a couple of orgasms and I was close to cumming myself but I was able to hold back.

After she climaxed a couple of more times, she said, "Anytime you are ready." I kissed her and started screwing faster and as I started to cum I pushed in really hard. With my balls trapped in the tight pantyhose, plus having the butt plug in my ass, it felt really different. As she felt me go inside of her, Katie had another orgasm with a loud, "Oh yes!" 

I just held tight to her as my cock pumped out sperm and we kissed again and lay there joined together.

"That was something else," I said.

"I thought you would like this," she said with a big smile.

I got off of her and lay down on my back. She got on top of me and we cleaned each other off with our tongues. Then she switched around and we lay like that kissing and talking for a while. After a quick trip to the bathroom for a piss, we went back to the bed and started all over again. We made love like this a few more times as well over the next few months.

The first Saturday night in April, we were sitting on the couch after supper and Katie turned to me and said, "You know what?"

"What?" I asked back.

"I feel like dancing tonight!" she said with a big smile.

I replied, "That sounds like fun, but I was so looking forward to getting my ass spanked," and smiled.

I was being sarcastic but she said, "We can do a quickie when we get home. Give me a few minutes to get ready." She kissed me, headed off to her bedroom, then about five minutes later I heard her say, "Close your eyes."

Which I did and I said, "Okay."

I heard her say "Open them." She was standing off to the side of the couch a little with her back turned towards me. Katie had on a tight white sweater with short sleeves and a pleated red plaid skirt that hung almost to her knees. It looked like she had on pantyhose, but she spun around quickly and as the skirt flared almost straight out, I could see that she had on a garter belt and stockings as well as a pair of her fancy panties. "I like flashing my ass when I'm dancing," she said with a big smile. 

I laughed and said, "That's fine with me," and then I saw her nipples poking through the front of her sweater. "No bra tonight?" I asked as she always wore a bra whenever we went anywhere else.

Katie walked over to me, shook her breasts a little in my face and said, "I am feeling really naughty tonight."

The sweater had small buttons in the front spaced about an inch apart and she had it buttoned up to the top. I reached over and starting at the top, I started opening the buttons and finished with the one right below her breasts. 

I smiled and said, "If you are going to be naughty, might as well do it right."

"You are right," she said and reached down and opened the next one as well.

We got our coats and headed off to a disco club. That wasn't my favorite music to listen to but it worked for an evening of dancing. The place wasn't real full when we got there, so we had no trouble getting a table to sit at, but it filled up as the night went on.

I hadn't been out dancing like that in a long time and Katie wore my ass out that night on the dance floor. I could go maybe a half-hour or forty minutes before having to sit down and rest my legs. There were a lot of girls dancing in pairs or in groups so Katie would just bounce over there and join with them until my legs recovered. I sat there and watched her spin, her skirt flaring out and of course giving any one that was looking in her direction a good look at her panties. After I had sat out a song or two, she would come over to the table, take a sip of her drink, and pull me back out on the dance floor.

Slow dances are sometimes called vertical foreplay and that was the case with us. She got as close to me as she could and I could feel her grinding her pubic area into mine. Of course I had a handful of her ass that I was playing with and once in a while I would slide my hand under her skirt to play a little. We weren't the only couple out on the dance floor doing it either, there were a lot of hands on a lot of asses.

Sitting next to us was a group of girls in their early twenties. They were all good looking, but the one redhead caught my eye. She had short hair and freckles that were visible even in the dim lights of the club. She had on a tight T-shirt top with a black mini-skirt. She was slender but her breasts were big, at least a D size. Every time she stood up or sat down, I had to check her out. Of course Katie saw me doing it and I knew she had been checking her out as well.

"I think she's pretty hot looking too," I heard her say. 

I looked over at Katie and she was licking her lips a little with her tongue. I laughed. 

The night passed. I had just sat down to take another break when a slow song started. Katie came over to the table and I started to get up, but she shook her head no. She walked around to where I was sitting and gave me a quick hot kiss. Then she smiled, and walked over the table where the redhead was sitting at. The next thing I saw, they were out on the dance floor together.

The dance started off innocently enough, they had a hand behind each other's waist and the other one they were holding up in the air. Twenty or so seconds passed, then I noticed that they were standing really close, breast to breast and pussy to pussy. The hands on the backs started moving up and down a little and then they started grabbing each other's ass. Once in a while the hands would disappear under their skirts. Katie would flash me a smile as they turned around. The next thing I saw was that their other hands were on each other's breasts. They would kiss for a while and then move back to where their cheeks were touching and I could see that there was a lot of whispering going on at the same time. It was so damn hot that my cock got really hard and I knew I wasn't going to be walking out on that dance floor any time soon. The dance ended, they parted with another kiss and Katie walked over to the table and sat down. 

"Are you mad at me?" she asked.

"Mad?" I said and smiled, "That was so fucking hot!"

Katie laughed and replied, "She's gay, she doesn't like guys. She has had too many bad experiences."

"That is a shame," I said.

She said, "It happens. She asked me to go out with her but I said no, I just wanted a little taste. She said that was okay with her."

"Taste?" I asked.

Katie got a really big smile, leaned over close to me, and very softly answered, "She's wearing lace panties, her pubes are very soft and she is really wet."

My eyes opened wide and I said, "Gee, I missed that move."

She said, "Well I had to do it quick. I didn't want to be too obvious."

Katie extended her arm out and placed her index and middle finger under my nose. There was the unmistakable smell of pussy on her fingers. She pulled them back and then slowly licked each one off. I turned and looked over at the other table and the red headed girl was watching us with a big smile.

Needless to say, the sex that night after we got home was wild and crazy. And yes, I got my spanking before we started. I did tell her that I had been joking but one didn't make those kinds of jokes with Katie especially when she was this horny. Twenty hard and fast swats with the paddle and then she had me do the same to her. We headed to her bedroom at a fast pace and I got between her legs immediately. I hadn't licked her clit three times and she came hard and kept on cumming for a long time. What a night that was!

The next day my legs were so sore from dancing that I could barely walk, but I survived and we went once a month after that. We didn't see the red headed girl for a few months and when she did come back, she was pretty tight with a equally good looking blonde girl. Katie did go over to where they were sitting and they had a quick hug and a kiss. Katie wasn't kind of person that was easily forgotten.

Katie's birthday was April 15th and for some reason, it took me a while to get it out of her and she made a big point of my not fussing over it, mainly because she didn't want me spending a lot of money on her. I was keeping up with my bills and I had a slowly growing if still small savings account. But, I wanted to get her something nice although I was at a loss as to what. She didn't wear much jewelry, sometimes she would wear her college class ring or a simple necklace but that was it. She didn't even have her ear's pierced. One of the other managers and I were good friends and he was wise about a lot of things, especially dealing with women, so one day I called him and told him of my dilemma.

He asked, "Does she like perfume?"

I said, "Yes, she's got three different ones that she wears, but she doesn't wear a lot of it."

"Perfect!" he replied and asked, "Do you know what ones they are?"

"No," I said, "But I can find out."

He said, "Write down the names exactly off the bottles. Head over to any of the big department stores and go to the perfume counter. Don't try and pick something out yourself, get one of the old broads that work there to help you. The young chicks don't know shit, the old broads are the sharp ones." I let out a loud laugh and he finished with, "Just tell her what she likes and how much you have to spend."

So one night when my part timer was working, I did just that. I told the sales lady what she had and how much I wanted to spend. I was hoping that she would just pick one out but instead, she showed up with three different ones. She put a little spritz of each on her forearm, and had me smell it.

I said, "They all smell the same to me."

She gave me a dirty look and said, "Try again."

So I did and I noticed that the second one had a very faint scent of rose to it. I knew that Katie liked pink roses so that was the one I picked. She showed me what sizes it came in and I was shocked at the prices. Sixty dollars for a little tiny bottle of the stuff? I had planned on spending thirty or thirty five dollars, but I thought what the hell. As I was standing there pondering this, the sales lady reached over and got a clipboard from behind the counter. She scanned through a couple of pages and put it back down. 

She came back with larger bottle and said, "We having a sale starting on Thursday, but I can give you the same price today."

It was fifty dollars for that size, so I purchased it and thanked her for her help. At a drugstore in the same mall, I stopped and got a nice birthday card and some wrapping paper.

Her birthday fell on a Wednesday that year and I said that was going to be my treat at the bar that night. I wanted to go some place nicer but Katie said the bar was fine with her.

I walked in and after giving her a kiss as always, I handed the card and the box to her and said, "Happy birthday Katie."

She shook her head a little and said, "I told you not to fuss. A card would have been just fine."

Katie had this look she used when she didn't want any further discussion on a subject. She rarely said that she didn't want to talk about it, nope, she would just sit there and give me that look. Well this night, it was my turn to use "The look."

She rolled her eyes a little, broke out into a big smile and, "Okay. You win." Katie opened and read the card, then she carefully unwrapped the package and looked at the box. She opened it and after sliding the bottle out, she undid the top and carefully squirted a little on one wrist. She smelled it and said, "This is very nice Tony. Did you smell it?"

I laughed and said "Yes," and I told her the story of my first perfume buying expedition including the conversation with my friend.

She had a good laugh over it all and she said, "I am so proud of you."

Just then Angie the waitress walked by and Katie waved to her to come over. She put a squirt on Angie's wrist.

Angie smelled it and said, "This is really nice. He has good taste." She turned a little towards Katie, I saw her wink and heard her say, "And I bet he tastes good too!" and as she walked off we both roared with laughter.
