 Writers Note

This is the second chapter about a very special person that I met and fell in love with a long time ago. The time is still back in November of 1980. There is a little and very mild bathroom fun but mostly it is just some great sex.

T



The next day was pretty much a usual day at the store. My part time helper worked on Tuesday and Thursday evenings as well as on Sunday from 12:00 noon until 5:00 PM. What ever bug he had on Tuesday was gone and he was there that day at 5:00 PM. He was a pretty decent guy, recently out of the military, and was going to school to become an electronics technician. He knew his stuff and unlike a lot of those tech guys, he was a good salesman as well. Plus he could handle just about all of the minor crises that always seemed to be pop up at the store when I wasn't there. I did stay at the store catching up on paper work until around 8:00 PM. I was hoping that she would call, of course, but it didn't happen. Friday was a pretty steady day with customers in the morning. Then around 12:30 PM the phone rang.

I answered and heard a female voice on the other end say, "Help!"

I thought for a second and said, "Hello Katie."

"Awh," she said, "You figured out it was me already?"

"You are kind of hard to forget," I replied.

She laughed and said, "Now why would you think that?"

We chatted for a bit. She suggested that since the club at the end of the shopping center was busy on Friday nights that we go to a bar in a small town that was fairly close to where I lived. I told her that I was working until 9:00 PM and it would be probably around 9:30 PM until I got there. She said that was fine and said we could get some supper there as well. I got directions from her on how to get to the place and then a customer walked in.

I said, "I'll see you later."

She said, "I'm looking forward to it," and then a sweet little, "Bye," as she hung up.

The rest of the day passed quickly and I actually made it to the bar at 9:20 PM. Katie was sitting in a booth near the rear of the place. She waved as I walked in and I headed back there. Before I sat down, I leaned over the end of the bench she was sitting on, and gave her a light kiss on the lips. Then I slid onto the other seat of the booth.

She smiled and said, "That was very nice."

I shrugged my shoulders and said, "You were very nice to me on Wednesday."

Katie laughed and replied, "So were you. I would have ordered you a beer but I wasn't sure when you were going to get here." This was one of those places where they keep the menus at the tables. She pulled one out and handed it to me. "I already know what I want," she said.

"Do you come here a lot?" I asked.

She said, "Some of girls that work at the one doctor's office I take care of, come here once a month for lunch and they invite me if I'm around. The food is pretty good."

I scanned the menu which was the usual assortment of bar foods, burgers, subs, plus a few dinners as well. The waitress came over and Katie ordered a burger. I ordered a meatball sub and a beer.

Katie looked at me and said, "I'm sure you have a lot of questions," and flashed a quick smile.

I smiled back and replied, "Katie, I get the feeling that we could sit here until this time next month talking and I would never get to know all of you."

She laughed and said, "Mom always said I was complicated."

I said, "There are worse things to be called. Tell me about your family."

She replied, "There is not much to tell. It's just mom and me. My dad passed away almost 5 years ago."

"I'm sorry to hear that," I said.

She said, "Thank you. He had a heart attack at work and died on the spot. The doctor said that even if he had been in a hospital when it happened, that his chances would have been very slim." She got quiet for a little and added, "I knew something bad was going to happen to him a few days before. I get these feelings, I guess they are called premonitions. It's happened a few times before with other people I knew, and every time, that person died."

"That must be really scary. I get a little deja vu' every now and then but nothing like that," I replied.

She said, "I haven't had one since he passed away and I really hope I never have another one."

I could tell that this was starting to bring her down a little, so I asked, "So, you are an only child?"

She nodded her head yes, then said, "Mom was never able to have any more kids."

I smiled and replied, "I bet you were spoiled rotten."

Katie got a twinkle in her eye and laughed as she said, "I took the job of being the little princess very seriously!"

"I'm sure you were quite a handful," I replied.

She laughed again and said, "Oh yes!"

"I bet you got spanked a lot?" I asked.

She rolled her eyes and answered, "Mom had this wooden ruler and dad had his," then she paused for a few seconds and added softly, "Hairbrush."

From the look in her eyes, I could tell that she was again uncomfortable with where this was heading. "But now you are a good girl, right?" I asked with smile.

She smiled and answered, "You tell me how good I was!"

We both laughed and then our food arrived. As we ate, I told her about my family. I grew up in a small town about 30 miles to the northwest of where we were. We talked a little about our high school and college days as well. She mentioned the name Jean a few times as we talked.

I asked, "Who is this Jean?"

She laughed and said, "My best friend in the whole wide world. We have been friends for a very long time and we got into so much trouble together over the years."

I laughed as well and replied, "I can just imagine."

She shook head no and said, "Oh no. You have no idea." I didn't say anything back. I was hoping she was going to go into a little detail there, but she didn't. We had finished eating by that point and she said, "It's getting late. Do you want to get going or just sit here and talk all night?"

I smiled, "That's a real hard decision to make," and I waved to the waitress to come over to the table. I placed my hands on top of hers and said seriously, "But I really do want to get to know you."

Katie smiled and said, "You will. One day, you will. But, you might not like everything you learn about me."

I replied, "I'll take my chances." The waitress arrived and left our check. I went to reach for it, but she was faster. 

"I ask you out," she said, "And I pay the bill."

"Okay," I replied. I got a quick glimpse at the total which was around fifteen dollars. 

She pulled a twenty-dollar bill out of her purse and said to the waitress, "Keep the change."

The waitress smiled and said, "Thanks! Come back again."

As we got up to leave, I said, "That was a pretty good tip."

Katie said, "I worked as a waitress for my senior year in high school and all through college." She didn't need to say any more on that subject. We headed out of the bar and over to where our cars were parked. She called out, "Follow me. I'll show you the shortcut."

I did, but with all the turns she made down this little street and over that little street, I never could remember which way she went. But we were at my apartment in a very short amount of time. It was around 10:30 PM when we got there. She got out of her car and I got out of mine and as I did, I grabbed a bag that was sitting on the passenger seat. We headed up the stairs and I opened the door and hit the light switch. I went over to the kitchen table and dumped the contents of the bag out. There was a small department store in same shopping center that my store was and I had purchased on Thursday, a hand towel, washcloth, and another bath towel. I pulled the price tags off.

I turned to her and said, "These are for you."

She got a surprised look on her face and said, "You didn't have to do that."

I shrugged my shoulders and said, "It's not like I can't use them as well."

She said, "Thank you."

"I'll be right back," I said as I picked them up and then walked into the bathroom.

I put them on the towel rack that was in there and while I was there, took a quick piss and washed my hands. I lowered the toilet seat. When I came back out she wasn't in the kitchen area, but I saw that the lamp was on in the bedroom. I turned off the kitchen light and walked into the bedroom. She was standing with her back to me and already had stripped down to her bra and panties.

"Wow," I said as I looked at them and she turned around. They had wide red and blue vertical stripes separated by thin yellow stripes.

"You like?" she asked as she wiggled her ass a little.

"Yes," I said with a big smile, "I do. They look like they are a little big for you though."

She giggled a little and said, "They are a size too big. Most of mine are. I like them like that. Feels better on my girl parts and they let my butt cheeks wiggle."

She did another spin and ass wiggle. She unhooked her bra clasp as she spun around. She gave that a twirl like she had done the last time but decided to drop it on the clothes pile rather than tossing it. Then with another spin and wiggle she slid the panties off and got on the bed. And just like the last time she had been there, she crawled to the center and laid down on her back with her legs open. Of course I was getting undressed through all of this as well. I finally shed my underwear and socks.

I got on the bed from the end, and as I crawled on top of her, I said, "Somebody is in a hurry tonight."

Katie just smiled and reached up with both of her hands. She placed them on my cheeks and gave me a soft and gentle kiss. She always had this wonderful look in her eyes, every time she kissed me like that. We lay there, looking at each other for a few seconds, then she pushed me to my side and rolled over on her side. We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed a lot more seriously. I reached down and played with her breast for a while, then moved my hand down to her pubes. She opened her legs a little and I slid my hand into the soft wetness of her cunt. At the same time she reached down and gentle stroked my already hard cock.

"Are you going to be okay tonight?" she asked softly.

"I think so," I said, "I am sure going to try."

She smiled and whispered, "Don't worry about it. What happens, happens."

I replied, "You are wonderful."

She said, "I really liked how nice you were to me the last time."

I grinned and said, "Well being a gentleman, I learned that the lady always cums first. And usually second, third, fourth and fifth as well."

She got a big grin as well and asked, "So what are you waiting for? An engraved invitation?"

I laughed and moved my already soaked finger tips to her clit. I started quickly rubbing it back and forth, with a light touch. As her breathing got harder, I slowly increased the pressure and changed the motion of my finger tips to a circular one. I watched as her eyes got really wide. I felt her tense up and she jerked hard as she came. She grabbed my head and pulled me into a hard kiss. Her legs closed down on my fingers but I kept moving them just the same. She pulled her head back from the kiss and again I watched as she closed her eyes and tensed up as the next one hit her, harder than the first. She was panting like a racehorse coming down the final stretch at that point. She opened her eyes and looked at me.

"One more?" I asked.

She didn't say anything, she just kissed me again hard. I started rubbing even faster and harder. 

This time when she came, she let go of my head, and let out a sharp, "Yes!" and flung herself back on the bed. My hand pulled out of her cunt when she did this. I started lightly running my hand up and down her stomach. Her knees were shaking and she was slowly hitting the bed with her fists. Finally she got herself under a little more control and she placed her hands flat on the bed. Her breathing slowed but was still very heavy. She turned her head towards me.

I smiled at her and said, "You are welcome."

She shook her head and said in between breaths, "I don't know what you did to me! That was," and she paused and finished with, "I can't even describe it."

I said, 'you must have been horny, that's all."

Katie rolled her eyes and said with smile, "I'm always horny. But I rarely cum that hard."

I asked, "Always horny?"

She said with a big grin, "Always horny." and she rolled back on her side and pulled me into another kiss. This one was deep but not as hard as the previous ones. She pulled her head away a little and ran her hand up and down my chest. Then she said, "If you want, I will give you a blowjob that you will remember for the rest of your life."

I thought about for a few seconds, but said, "I'll take a rain check on that."

She smiled and said, "Okay."

I said, "I want to make love to you. But I want to taste you again."

She rolled her eyes and with an even bigger smile said, "Oh my God, here I go again." 

I moved my head down and kissed my way to her breast. I sucked on her nipple for a while and as I did, she ran her one hand through my hair. Moving my head over to her other breast, I sucked and caressed that with my tongue for a while. Finally I started licking and kissing my way down to the soft patch of dark pubic hair. Still kissing and licking I made my way down to her clit and stretched out my body at the same time. I started licking her clit in a slow gentle rhythm. I would then move down and stick my tongue as deep as it would go into her cunt and licked and kissed there. Then I would move back to her clit. I brought my hands around her legs and lifted them higher as I reached for her breasts. At the same time, she placed her hands on top of my head and gently stroked my hair. As her passion built, she started lifting her hips a little to press whatever part I had my tongue on or in even harder.

"Somebody is in a hurry," I said with a mouth full of pussy.

I heard, "No," then, "Yes," and "No", and then another, "Yes!" I laughed a little and went to her clit and started licking harder and faster. The motions of her hips got faster as well. Finally I felt her tense up and with a loud "Yes!" she climaxed. I kept up the same pressure and speed with my tongue and after a few seconds of buildup, she came again. "Ohhhhhh!" she exclaimed loudly as she rocked and bucked.

I wasn't sure how long I was going to last once I got my cock inside of her but I figured since she was this wound up, that at least I might be able to get her to climax at least once before I came. I took my hands off of her breasts and climbed up between her legs. As I did that, she reached down and pulled her legs up high. I guided my cock to her waiting cunt and slowly buried it inside of her. I got that twitchy feeling that signaled my impending blast of cum but I held still and waited for it to pass. I moved slowly in and out of her a few times to get myself settled down a little.

Katie said softly, "Go any time you want to, Tony."

"I will but let me at least try a little," I replied.

"Okay," she said with a smile.

I leaned forward and kissed her. I lay my cheek against hers and I started a nice slow screwing motion. I was in all the way and out about half way. I could have come at any time but I had a little better control than the first night. After a minute or so of this, she let go of her legs and wrapped them lightly behind me just below my ass. I pushed in deep and stayed tight. I was screwing with a slow grinding motion with almost no movement of my cock. I picked up the tempo and I could feel her start breathing heavier and faster. I moved my head back a little and looked at her as she built up to a climax. Just as I could feel she was hitting the top, I pulled back and with a few fast and deep strokes, I came hard and so did she. I kissed her as the orgasms hit. After my cock had let out its blasts of sperm deep inside of her, I kept screwing with a slow gently motion until it got too soft to do anything with. I was still about half way inside of her.

"That was nice," I said.

She got a big smile and said, "Yes, it was," and kissed me again. It felt so good just lying there on top of her, both of our crotches soaked with sperm and pussy juice. After a few minutes I moved off of her, laid down on my back and she rolled over on her side. She brought her leg up to rest just below my cock and rested her arm and her head on my chest. It was quiet for a little while as we lay there, then she turned her head towards me, looked at me and smiled.

"What's on your mind?" I asked.

"Nothing," she replied, then she laid her head back down on my chest. She wiggled her ass a little and said, "That was another big one," and giggled a little.

I replied, "A baby maker for sure," and laughed a little.

She looked up at me and said, "You don't have to worry about that."

I looked her in the eyes for a couple of seconds and said, "For some strange reason Katie, the thought of getting you pregnant doesn't scare me at all." 

To this very day I have no clue as to why I said that.

Katie got the sweetest looking smile on her face and looked at me for a few more long seconds. She laid her head back down on my chest again. She made a V with her fingers and slowly walked them down my stomach to my pubes. She playing with my cock and fingered around in the stickiness of our juices. She kissed my nipple a little and started kissing all the way down my stomach to my cock. I watched as she opened her mouth and wrapped it around my cock at the base and gave a slow suck upward, all the while dancing her tongue on the head. She let go of it and said softly, "So tasty." She repeated the suck a few times and then licked around my pubes. Lifting my balls with her hand, she licked the front of them as well. She kissed her way back up my chest and straddled my stomach with her legs. She leaned down to my face and asked, "Do you want a taste?"

I said, "Yes."

She asked, "A little taste or a big taste?" as she smiled and licked her lips.

I said, "Both."

She leaned down and kissed me. Our tongues danced deeply. She pulled back and flashed a big grin, then she climbed up over top of me until her cunt was right over my mouth.

"Ready?" I heard her ask.

"Yeah," I replied and she lowered it right on my mouth. I licked and ate her cunt for a bit and then moving her back a little with my hands licked the rest of her slit and clit off as well. I decided that eating a pussy full of my sperm wasn't too bad at all. 

"Nice," I heard her say. She then wiggled back down and rested her cunt on top of my cock. She bent down and kissed me. Again we did the dance of the tongues. Laying her cheek against mine, I heard her giggle a little and she said softly, "I really have to go pee," and she wiggled her ass a little.

"Okay," I said and she climbed off of me and got off the mattress.

"Are you coming?" she asked as I lay there.

"Yes," I said as I got up and off as well. 

I reached down and grabbed her ass and she reached down and grabbed mine. We walked sideways out of the bedroom door like that and over to the bathroom, laughing the whole way. As we got in there, she spun around and sat down on the toilet.

She got this big smile and asked, "Do you want to watch this time?"

"Sure," I replied.

Katie slid back on the seat as far as she could go. She spread her legs and making a V with her fingers, she placed them on her cunt lips, which she both spread and pulled them upward a little. I was standing to the side of the toilet. "You have to get closer," she said. So I moved in front of the bowl. "Closer," she said. I bent forward a little. I felt her other hand on the back of my head and she pushed me down a little more and the she started to piss. I had never seen a girl piss up close like that and it was pretty neat. I was surprised at how much bigger the stream was than mine, and how much she had in there. It finally stopped, she gave a little wiggle and then another shot came out.
