 Thomas could not believe his good fortune. It had barely been a month since he had struck up a very special deal with the incredibly cute and petite Katie Rich.

As Thomas drove down the winding road in his beat up old car, he kept glancing at Katie in the passenger seat next to him.

With her pixie-like face and layered dark auburn tied back in a rough high ponytail, Katie looked as gorgeous as ever. Her skin was fair and freckled, and she was incredibly slender and petite, showing off her body in a tight white tank top over a snug black bra that compressed her perky tits into luscious cleavage, and a pair of the tiniest denim mini shorts Thomas had ever seen, revealing her smooth creamy legs until they reached black pumps. It was a casual look, but the skin on display and the slight and supple curves of Katie's body had Thomas tenting in his trousers with intense arousal.

Katie seemed oblivious or uninterested however, humming along to the music playing and watching the rolling fields of the countryside pass by.

They were both college juniors, and Thomas, who had always been very accomplished and studious, was suddenly reaping some unexpected benefits from his talents. It was exactly those skills that had led to Katie to seek him out, propositioning him with an irresistible offer. Katie wanted to excel at college. But she had a full social life, and didn't see the point of wasting so many hours studying when she had found a far more efficient way of delegating her work. She would find male students that had the skills she needed and asked them to do her college work for her, in exchange for certain special favors she was willing to provide as incentives. Favors of a most sexual variety.

In short, Katie's favors were a simple and elegant form of sexual barter, with everything from blowjobs to anal sex on the table, depending on how well her men performed earning her good grades.

On his first major assignment for Katie, Thomas had earned her an outstanding A+. Which was why Thomas was now driving Katie in his car to the countryside, where he intended to claim his latest reward.

Katie had gone down on Thomas once before, in the college library no less, as a treat to motivate him to do well. However to get anything more out of her he would have to earn it. And Katie had worked out a pretty thorough system of rewards based on performance. Thomas mused she would probably make an excellent human resources manager some day, though he doubted she could use quite the same incentives in the work place.

For each assignment, anything less than a C grade was a dud, and would get Thomas nothing. However a C itself would get a hand job, simply for the effort of doing the work, although Katie was quite clear that any repeated poor performance would see Thomas booted from her clientele. If Thomas got a B, Katie would reward him with a blowjob. After savouring her incredibly talented mouth once before, Thomas had hoped he would have the chance again. But in truth he was aiming much higher.

For scoring an A, Katie would allow Thomas to fuck her. But the real clinch came when Thomas had persuaded Katie, partly in jest, partly just to see if she would agree, to say that an A+ would earn Thomas the right to fuck her up the ass. And it was a tight, gorgeous ass indeed, especially in those tiny mini shorts that clung to her like a second skin.

Thomas had not really expected Katie to go through with it, figuring she would probably back track into just letting him fuck her normally, which he would have been happy with. But Katie seemed to hold the deal pretty seriously, and so the two of them were driving out to the lakeside where she would offer her rear end up to him. She didn't seem especially pleased about it, but she was going through with it and Thomas could barely restrain himself from taking her the moment he saw her when he picked her up. 

They weren't terribly far from the lake when Thomas suddenly felt Katie's hand on his leg. She was idly stroking it with her gentle, delicate fingers, making Thomas' shudder as his boner stiffened painfully into an even more rigid state.

Katie finally seemed to have noticed Thomas' arousal because her hand was now drifting over his crotch and rubbing and clutching his cock through his shorts. Thomas glanced over at Katie and her hazel eyes twinkled mischievously as she grinned at him.

"Oh, baby, you're working me up too much now," moaned Thomas. "We should save it for the lake."

"Don't worry, you'll be up again by the time we get there," said Katie.

"Up again...?" Thomas asked before gasping as Katie deftly unzipped his fly and pulled out his raging hard on.

Her cool fingers closed around the shaft and stroked him. Thomas tried to concentrate on the road.

"Do you like that?" asked Katie sweetly.

"Hell yeah, babe," moaned Thomas. "This isn't in place of our deal, is it?"

"Of course not, you'll still get your prize," laughed Katie. "This is because you're my best student. My other guys haven't done nearly so well on their first assignments for me."

"Oh?" asked Thomas, amused and slightly proud that he had bested his 'rivals' in this little exclusive club of Katie's exchanged favors. "And what did those guys get?"

Thomas had no idea who the other guys were, but he couldn't help but feel a little jealous that they were getting a piece of Katie too. He would have preferred her all to himself.

"Mostly Bs, but there was a C in there too. I might have to let that guy go, I think he got too distracted to the point that he didn't work hard enough," said Katie casually as she kept jacking off Thomas in her hand while they drove.

"Bs, huh? So you've been... down on your knees a lot lately?" asked Thomas, breathing hard with lust at the thought of Katie giving head to all these different guys.

"Only three or four," answered Katie.

"Wow," groaned Thomas. "And uh, where did you take their...?"

"Their loads?" asked Katie, raising her eyebrows at him.

"Uh, yep," gulped Thomas, as Katie kept stroking him.

"Two in the mouth, one on my face, and another on my chest," said Katie as she leaned over to whisper it in Thomas' ear.

Thomas looked like he was about to faint.

"Not at the same time!" laughed Katie.

"Oh, of course, I knew that," said Thomas.

"Why are you asking?" asked Katie. "Have you been missing my sweet little mouth?"

Before Thomas even had time to respond, Katie had suddenly leaned over all the way across to Thomas' seat and wrapped her smooth pink lips around his throbbing hard cock that pointed up to the ceiling.

"Oh fuck!" groaned Thomas, almost steering into the wrong lane before correcting.

Katie's lips pressed firmly around Thomas' shaft, a tight oval seal that worked its way up and down as the cute brunette began bobbing her head emphatically, not wasting any time. Her tongue lashed around his cock head and slit, bathing it in her spit. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked, and Thomas could hear the sloshing, slurping and slipping noises of Katie's blowjob as she worked.

"Oh yes, suck me Katie!" grunted Thomas, slowing the car to a more manageable speed so he could steal glances down at her bobbing head.

Thomas watched Katie's magnificent body as her back arched in that tight white tank top, its white spaghetti straps contrasting the black straps of her bra over her otherwise naked shoulders. Her whole upper body was moving and writhing in rhythmic motion as she gave Thomas incredible road head.

Turning his attention back to the road, Thomas kept one hand on the steering wheel and moved his other to Katie's ponytail, grabbing it firmly in a fist before using it to force her face down. Back and forth he pushed her head up and down on his lap, making Katie suck his cock faster and deeper.

"Mmmmn! Mmnnhh! Hmmmnhh! Hmmmnnghh! Unnnhh!" moaned Katie, her voice muffled over Thomas' raging dick as she sucked.

The drive did not take too much longer, and though there was little traffic, at one point a grinning truck driver tooted his horn at Thomas and gave the young college student a thumbs up as he leered lustfully at the sight of the pretty brunette's head in Thomas' lap. Thomas waved back and treated the truck driver to a full view of Katie's sucking before turning off towards the lake.

Now, at long last they were arriving at the lakeside, and Thomas slowed the car into a steady crawl as he drove onto an empty field and tried to decide which shady tree to park under.

As he did so, he kept a firm grip on Katie's hair and head, making sure she fucked her face on his cock without break.

Katie's lips were spread wide to accommodate Thomas' girth, and then with a sudden burst of urgent and aggressive speed, Thomas pumped Katie's face up and down on his cock until he felt her deep throat him and take his fat cock head into her squelching, moist throat.

Katie gagged noisily and tried to pull off to recover, but Thomas was too far gone to hold back now.

As Thomas rolled the car to a stop under a big leafy tree, he held Katie's head down almost balls deep with one hand while his other desperately reached down to grope and grasp Katie's tits through her white tank. Her breasts felt amazing as he squeezed them; perky and soft, yet firm and fulsome at the same time.

Katie spluttered and choked as Thomas used her. Then with a shuddering gasp and thrust of his hips, Thomas came, holding Katie down on him as he unloaded burst after burst of cum shots into her sucking mouth.

Thomas could feel himself shooting his hot seed into her, Katie's mouth struggling to take it all as she moaned and squirmed under his grip.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaghh, yeah Katie, you are such an amazing little cocksucker!" yelled Thomas as he pumped the last few spurts of hot cum into the college girl's mouth.

Finally, when his orgasm had subsided, he let Katie off and she pulled back to gasp for breath, white streaks of cum trickling from her lips and down her chin.

"Show me," commanded Thomas.

Katie dutifully opened her mouth wide and displayed the generous cum load Thomas had just deposited there. Then, with the proficient ease of an experienced fellatrix, Katie tilted her head back and swallowed it all, though her brow furrowed with some disgust as she did so.

Then Katie smiled at him, still breathing hard, and readjusted her tank top that Thomas had almost mangled in his ecstatic groping.

"Give me a few minutes to recover," said Thomas. "Then it'll be time to fuck that ass!"

**

Katie groaned with discomfort as she felt Thomas' cock head push against her tight ass from behind her. The petite brunette was bent face forward over the hood of Thomas' car, surrounded by peaceful green countryside by the lake and the heat of the sun filtering through the leafy trees above. She still had her white tank top on, but her denim shorts were pulled down, exposing her pert ass.

Thomas had wasted little time in claiming his long awaited prize for achieving an A+ for Katie. After Katie had recovered from the rough onslaught of the face fuck in the car, they had stepped outside.

Hungry with lust, Thomas pinned her against the side of the car and they frantically made out. Thomas groped and felt Katie up aggressively through her tank top, mauling her perky breasts with his hands while grinding his crotch into her small figure.

Once he had grown excited enough and felt his cock begin to stir again, Thomas hurriedly shoved Katie down to her knees and unzipped himself. Gripping his semi-hard shaft with one hand and Katie's ponytail with the other, he aimed his cock at her pouting lips and pulled her face down onto him, plunging his cock into her moist mouth.

Thomas wasn't as rough this time, wanting to save himself for the anal, instead letting Katie work to bring him to full hardness and excitement. As she expertly blew him, flicking her tongue around the head, his girth filled out to stretch her lips tight into an oval and her cheeks hollowed as she sucked.

"Ahhhh, that's it Katie, I'm almost ready," moaned Thomas as he helped her along, tugging at her ponytail as she bobbed back and forth.

Finally reaching his full length and stiffness, Thomas pulled out of Katie's enveloping oral warmth and quickly dragged Katie over to the car's hood, where he promptly pushed on her back to bend her down over it and prop her ass up at the perfect position to be taken.

Katie wiggled her ass at Thomas, still clad in her tiny denim shorts, and with a groan of desire Thomas desperately worked his hands to unbutton and unzip them, then pulled them down to reveal her glorious creamy round ass.

Thomas' cock was still slick with Katie's spit, and it was all the lube he was prepared to use, he couldn't hold off any longer. Moving up behind Katie, he positioned himself and his thick dick right at the wedge of her ass cheeks. Then, slowly thrusting forward and with the guidance of his hand, he began to press the cock head against her ass hole, and felt it ever so slowly open before him.

Katie groaned and then gasped with obvious pain as the fat head of the cock finally pushed inside her, but for Thomas the feeling of the tight flesh was exquisite.

It was certainly worth working so hard to score an A+ for.

As Katie breathed hard and tried to adjust to the feeling of the hardness thrust up inside her from behind, Thomas seized Katie's small waist where her white tank ended and pulled her further back onto him.

Katie gave a shriek of agony as another inch of Thomas' cock surged inside her, and Thomas groaned with pleasure in the same instant.

Now wide eyed and crazed with tingling pleasure as Katie's tight ass squeezed around his manhood, Thomas gripped Katie firmly by her waist and hips and began to thrust back and forth in her ass. Each thrust slowly but surely embedded him further and further up inside her until more than half his length was plunging between her cushioning ass cheeks.

Katie was in obvious displeasure, mewling and swearing with abandon, but she seemed to have steeled herself and didn't ask Thomas to stop.

Even if she had it might not have worked as Thomas was too far gone in his lust to hold back now. Again and again he thrust and thrust and thrust until he worked up into a pounding rhythm, actually fucking Katie up the ass from behind good and proper. It was no longer slow and steady but hard and relentless, even shaking the car a little as their bodies quaked together.

Katie tried to prop herself up a little, attempting to find a more comfortable position, but Thomas was having none of it; this was his prize. Reaching forward to grab Katie's ponytail, he yanked her head back, making her back arch and proceeded to plunder Katie's booty with savage speed and power.

Katie screamed and yelled incoherently, and Thomas paused to take a quick look around to doubly make sure they were still alone, before resuming the anal fucking.

It had only been a couple of minutes, but Katie was so tight and the debauchment of what he was doing to this cute college girl was too much for Thomas. He could feel his balls tightening and rising, and he knew he would cum soon.

For a moment he considered unloading right into Katie's ass, despite her insistence beforehand that he pull out. Only the notion that by not making her furious he may have the chance to keep using Katie for his sexual gratification over the year was enough to give Thomas the clarity to stop the ass fucking in time.

Thomas pulled out of Katie with a slick popping sound. Before him the petite college girl was still groaning and quivering on the hood of the car, so Thomas simply pulled her up and off and pushed her to her knees again.

For a second Katie looked mad and about to protest, clearly dreading that Thomas wanted her to suck him off right after he had been in her ass.

To her obvious relief, Thomas shook his head and simply started wanking himself off, aiming right at Katie's gorgeous chest.

Catching on, Katie raised herself up a bit and pressed her tits together in her tight white tank top to create a snug cleavage, just in time.

With a shuddering grunt, Thomas pushed his cock head right up against Katie's tits and watched as the first burst of his orgasm shot out and roped across her chest.

Another shot soon followed, flung onto her cleavage and landing in a big white streak over the curves of her boobs. Then another burst, this time smacking hard and fast against Katie's neck and chin. Two more ejaculations; spraying wildly over her tank top and bra.

Thomas yelled and groaned and shuddered as a sudden spatter of five more bursts, small but rapid, spit from his cock and showered Katie from her shoulders to her midriff, some small globs of white seed even landing on her face.

Katie looked up at Thomas with her hazel eyes, exhausted but smiling and clearly amazed at the size and force of the load.

Thomas grinned back and then slumped to the ground, utterly spent.

"Remind me, Katie, to keep doing you favors," moaned Thomas as he watched the gorgeous little Katie still kneeling and covered with his cum in the midday sun.