 Writers Note

This is the eleventh chapter of my story about Katie. There will be one more chapter after this one. This runs from August of 2008 until March of 2009 and is pretty much a story of one great night of fun. So sit back and enjoy!

T

The Monday morning after that special night in August of 2008 when Karen got pregnant, I was back at the shop for 7:30 AM like I usually am and at 8:00 AM my cell phone rang.

I answered it and I heard Karen say, "Guess who?"

I answered, "Karen, this is a surprise."

She replied, "Jean gave me your phone number and email address but I'd rather call. Is this a bad time?"

"It's Monday morning and I am only halfway through my first IV bag of coffee, but no, this is fine," I answered.

Karen laughed and said, "You are as bad as Jean is on a Monday!"

That was the beginning of our weekly Monday morning phone chats and they were always fun. Karen is a very smart girl as well as being as full of the joy of life as one person could be, but despite coming from a very wealthy family, she is also very down to earth. She was of course excited about being pregnant but also knew well the responsibility that she was taking on as being a mother. This was something that she had thought about for a long time and it was all her idea, except for Jean volunteering me to be the father. Karen could be funny as all hell at times, like when she called me three weeks later to tell me that she was officially pregnant, not that there was any doubt in either of our minds.

She said, "Jean insisted that I do two of the pregnancy test sticks just to be sure. They both came out positive and I told her, "Look Jean, I am having twins!" She gave me this, "What in the name of hell are you talking about?" stare. I guess that she has never heard that blonde joke!"

Once in while I would say something that she didn't pick up on right way, then her end of the phone would be quiet for a little and I would hear her laugh and say, "Well folks, there just went another great moment in blonde history!"

A few weeks later they went up to Connecticut on Sunday to visit her parents. Karen told me the week before that Jean was a little nervous about it because of the way that her own family had treated her but Karen told her that she had nothing to worry about. I asked her when she called the following Monday how the visit went.

Karen replied, "We had a nice time Tony. At first all four of us were in the living room talking for a while and then my mother and I went into the kitchen to start getting supper ready. I went back out about twenty minutes later to see how things were out there and they were gone. I looked all over the house and found them in his pool room, drinking Scotch, smoking cigars, and having a great time."

I said, "Wait, Jean smokes cigars? I remember when she stopped smoking cigarettes five years after we started talking. They had two pools going in the office, the first was how long it would be before she started again and the second was who she was going to kill first and what day!"

She laughed and replied, "Jean might smoke one every couple of months, but it's not a habit by any stretch."

I asked, "So how much did she hustle your father for at the pool table?"

Karen laughed again and answered, "Four hundred dollars at fifty dollars a game! But Dad was a good sport about it. He said that he should have been suspicious when Jean used the old "I haven't played in while" line and he won the first game a little too easily. But then the next game she ran the table off the break and he knew that he was screwed!"

A couple of weeks later Karen said, "Dad came down on business last Monday. He and Jean went out for lunch, then she showed him around her office. She even let him sit in on a couple of videos that they were shooting."

I asked, "What did your mother think about all of this?"

She answered with a laugh, "Jean gave him a few bottles of the different lubes that she sells. He got home at 6:00 PM and just about dragged my mother to bed. Mom told me that they did it again after supper and one more time before falling asleep."

"Sounds like he takes those little pills." I replied.

"Yes he does," Karen said, "But Mom doesn't complain. She really likes the one lube and she said that as soon as they used up that bottle she was going to order some more. I told Jean and she sent her a case of the stuff and get this, a strap-on dildo and a pair of handcuffs!"

"Oh boy!" I said.

"Mom said that she didn't tell Dad about those," Karen replied with a giggle, "She said that she is saving them for a special occasion. I know their anniversary is coming up soon."

I laughed and said, "I am sure that will be one that he never forgets!"

Karen kept me informed about how she was doing with the pregnancy. She had a little bit of morning sickness but it wasn't too bad and it only lasted a few weeks. She told me about the doctor's visits and then as things progressed, going to childbirth classes. Jean always went with her to the doctor's and of course the classes, but she did a lot of reading and research on the subject as well. 

One Monday after one of the doctor's visits, Karen said, "I thought the doctor was going to strangle Jean last week. She had all these questions and knew what she had read, but she was arguing with him half the time about what he was coming back with! He knows about our relationship and he tries to stay civil but you know how Jean can be at times."

"Oh yes," I replied.

The Tuesday afternoon video chats continued with Jean as well. Mostly they were our usual work and cutting up chats, nothing real heavy. I still wondered what was going on with her, seeing how she acted that night when Karen got pregnant, but the few times I asked about it, she just blew me off. I figured that whatever it was, that she would talk to me whenever she was ready and not before, so I stopped asking.

When I made the trip to the cemetery that year on November 3, 2008, I only had one pink rose with me, along with the white one for Elizabeth and Charlie's bottle of beer. A few days later I had some time to kill and I decided to go to Karen's website, but when I got there, the only video up there was Karen sitting there in her clothes. She said that she was getting out of the business for personal reasons, but that they were good reasons and she thanked all of her fans for their support over the years.

I asked Karen about it the next Monday and she said, "It was Jean's idea. I didn't really care one way or another but she asked if I minded if she took the website down and I told her that I at least wanted to say something to my fans before she did."

I replied, "Well you are going to be a mother soon."

Karen laughed and answered, "Yes, but I was also thinking about a doing a preggie porn video, but that is fine. I guess I will have to wait until we are back at the resort."

I smiled and said, "Yes, but with imaginary cameras!"

Karen laughed again and said, "I know, I'm just having some fun with you."

I asked, "By the way, did that girl from the resort ever call Jean?"

Karen answered, "Yes she did. Her name is Sue but everybody calls her Squeak. You will have to ask Jean about her," which I did the next day.

Jean said, "Squeak came in here thinking that I wanted her to do porn films, which she was kind of okay with but I looked at her resume. She has a degree in graphic arts and she also took a few filmmaking courses. Not that they teach them much but at least she knew a little bit about the equipment. But there is something about her that I really like so I hired her on the spot and she has been great. She is a wiz with computers, not so much with all the network stuff but she knows the hardware as good or better than my collection of computer idiots!" I laughed and Jean went on, "She starting taking all the production equipment manuals home with her to read at night and damn if she doesn't know that shit better than the guys back there. She reports directly to me and I let her have the run of the place."

"That is great Jean," I replied but then asked, "But why the name Squeak?"

Jean laughed and said, "She said that is what she does when she is getting screwed, she squeaks!" Then a week later when I was talking to Jean, I heard something come in my email and she said, "I just sent you something, go check it out."

I looked and attached to the email were six pictures of Squeak, all nudes and in various poses. She is very skinny with A-cup breasts and dark areolas that aren't much bigger than a nickel in size. She has a few tattoos and a pretty full bush of red pubic hair. One of the shots was of her on her back with her legs pulled up and another was of her on her knees with a close-up of her ass.

I said to Jean, "She is a good looking girl. I like the bush."

Jean replied, "I saw that and told her that she should really think about losing the black hair dye. She wanted to do a few test pictures so I said okay and I asked her if it was alright to send them to you and she was fine with that." Then she laughed and added, "Squeak said that she hopes you get a nice hard-on from them!"

I answered, "Well Jean, I wouldn't mind taking her for a test ride sometime."

Jean laughed and said, "You better have the ambulance waiting outside old man, because you would be needing it after an hour with her!"

When Karen was seven months along, during one of our Monday phone talks she said, "Tony, I have a big favor to ask of you."

"Anything at all Karen," I replied

She went on, "Over the past couple of months, Jean has been having a friend of hers come over every few weeks and they go back in her playroom."

I asked, "Maybe she is just working off some steam?"

Karen said, "No! She is the one getting worked over and I mean bad. This really has me scared Tony. She has been back there before with other people and those times were nothing like this. Her ass is all beat up, so are her breasts, her pussy is sore, even her face is red from getting slapped. I just don't know what to do and she won't talk to me about it."

I didn't like the sound of all of this but I said, "I know that you don't understand that kind of play Karen, but Jean does know what she is doing and she knows her limits"

She sighed and answered, "I know that Tony, but she also isn't young any more. That just can't be good for her body and I really afraid that she is going to get seriously hurt." 

I sighed as well and said, "I will try talking to her about it, but don't hold your breath. I can count the number of times on one hand that Jean has really opened up to me and three of those times we were lying in bed naked and the fourth was after that first weekend that you two spent together."

"I understand," she replied, "And you may not know this Tony but you are one of the few people that she really respects. I know she loves me, but what the two of you have is at a different level."

I said, "All I can do is try Karen."

Tuesday afternoon came around and after we talked about the usual stuff, things got quiet for a minute and Jean asked, "Karen said something about me going back in the playroom, didn't she?"

"Yes she did," I answered, "She is just concerned about your safety Jean and to be honest, so am I. We aren't exactly young any more and don't give me any of that fuck you Tony crap either."

She said, "I just trying to work a few things out back there, that is all."

I replied, "There are easier ways Jean. Have you thought about going to a shrink?" and the look that she gave me made me real glad I was talking to her over the computer and not sitting across the desk from her in her office. I went on, "Look it, I will take a day off, drive to the city, meet you for lunch and we can see if we get this worked out."

Jean looked at me and said, "Thank you Tony, but that isn't necessary. I appreciate your concern and I know that it is real and not bullshit either," then she paused for a few seconds and added, "I will tell Karen that I won't go back there any more and I will find some other way to deal with it." 

"I know that she will really appreciate that Jean," I answered, "And if you do decide that you want to talk about whatever it is that is bothering you, you do know where to find me."

She laughed and said, "Hell I can't get rid of you!"

I laughed as well and replied, "Whose fault is that?"

Karen called me the next morning and told me that Jean talked to her and told her that she was done going to the playroom, then she thanked me for talking to Jean about it.

I said, "You are welcome Karen but whatever is eating at her is still there."

"I know Tony," she replied, "I hope that whatever it is, goes away all by itself," but I knew well that it wasn't going to happen like that.

The other thing that they were doing was that Jean was taking nude pictures of Karen every month. She was standing against a wall, one was a front view and the other was a side view. It was fun to watch as her belly and her breasts got larger. Her areola got huge as well and her nipples, which were a pretty good size to start with, had really puffed up. Needless to say, I was really looking forward to spending a night alone with her.

Karen and I had kicked around a few dates in February of 2009 but the winter that year was a real pain in the ass. Every storm that came through was a mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain and not always in that order. None of them amounted to much but they were fairly regular occurrence, so we decided to wait until March. We had a tentative date for the second week in March but I had an invitation from a very special lady that I hadn't seen in a number of years to spend the night with her that week so we decided on the next week. March 17th was the day that worked out the best for both of us and since that was a Tuesday, Jean sent me an email on Monday morning saying that she wanted to talk for a little Monday afternoon.

I connected, then she came online and at it was pretty much the usual stuff, but then she said, "Tony, I have a favor to ask of you."

I replied, "Okay."

Jean said. "Karen is dead set on having the baby naturally with no drugs or pain stuff. I am really afraid that she doesn't understand what kind of pain she is going to be going through."

I answered, "I think she has a pretty good idea Jean at least from what she has told me."

She replied, "I know she has talked to other women who have had kids, but talking is one thing and feeling it is another. Would you please at least talk to her about it? For me?"

I said, "I will Jean, but I will tell you now, it is her decision and not mine or yours to make."

Jean sighed and replied, "Thank you," and she laughed and asked, "But since you have been through a few of these at least maybe you could scare her a little?"

I had been there when all three of my kids were born, but I said, "I will talk to her honestly Jean, nothing more and nothing less."

She shook her head and said, "Thank you. I appreciate this. I know that you two are going to have a good time."

I smiled and said, "I have no doubt about that."

Jean said, "I will talk to you soon then," and disconnected from the chat.

I could tell from the look on her face and the tone of her voice that she was concerned and it was as much out of love for Karen as anything else. But that decision was Karen's to make.

Tuesday afternoon arrived and at 5:30 PM I went up to the room and with a big smile on my face I knocked on the door.

Karen opened it and with an equally big smile, "Come on in!"

She was wearing a full length white silk gown that wrapped around the front and had ties on the one side.

I said, "That is a beautiful gown."

Karen replied, "Thank you. It was a gift from my mother."

She got up close and we kissed. We backed away and held each other's hands.

I looked at her body and said, "You are so beautiful."

She replied, "You know Tony, I have never much worried about what people thought about how I looked, but I this time I will agree with you. I really do feel beautiful."

Karen let go of my hands, opened the ties of the gown, then untied the ones that were on the inside before holding it open to give me a good look at her very pregnant body.

I smiled and said, "Wow!"

She laughed, moved up close and put her arms around my neck. My hands went right to her very large breasts and I gently played with her nipples.

We kissed for a while then she said, "I cannot believe how big my boobs have gotten."

I asked as I still played with them, "What are you up to now, a G-cup?"

She answered, "Yes and even that is a little tight. I told Jean that if they get any bigger that she was going to have to rent one of those cranes that they build skyscrapers with to help me get my bra on in the morning."

I replied with a laugh, "But just think of all that good milk."

Karen gave a funny look and said, "If I hear one comment about being able to feed the state of Rhode Island for a week!"

I laughed and said, "I was actually thinking half the state! I guess they have been busting your chops at the office pretty good."

She laughed and answered, "Those guys! But it is all fun." I still was working her nipples and playing with her breasts, then Karen pulled me back into another long and deep kiss and asked, "How hungry are you?"

I asked back, "Are you talking about supper, or?"

Karen said, "Or!"

I replied, "I was hoping you would say that." We kissed again and I added, "Let me use the bathroom first."

She said, "I will be waiting!" and she turned and walked over to the bed.

I went over to the bathroom, pissed, took my boots and socks off, and washed my hands. Then I went back out into the room and Karen was laying on her back with the covers pulled down and her hands behind her head. She had left her gown draped over one of the chairs and I stopped there and finished getting undressed. I walked over to the bed and took a good look at her before I got in.

I will tell you, I have heard from so many women over the years how their husbands would have nothing to do sexually with them while they were pregnant and how the husbands were turned off by how fat they were. What a crock of shit to use a cliché, Karen just looked fantastic.

I got along side of her and she slowly rolled over on her side facing me.

She said, "I am a little slow moving these days in bed."

I answered, "Well at least I won't have to chase you."

"Like that is going to happen!" she replied with a big smile.

We kissed and the fun began. The other thing that I have heard other women say about being pregnant and especially this late in the game, was that they had the itch big time and it needed a lot of scratching, if you know what I mean. Karen brought her leg up over my ass and I had easy access to her pussy with my fingers. I hadn't played with her cunt a minute and she started building up to the first of many orgasms that night and was she wet. My hand was soaked after the first one and it just kept getting wetter and wetter.

Karen said after the third climax, "I should have told you to bring a towel from the bathroom to put on the bed."

I replied, "That is okay, I will be more than happy to sleep on the wet spot."

Karen laughed and said, "At this rate the whole bed might be a wet spot!"

I kept on playing and alternating between kissing her mouth and sucking on her nipple and Karen's fingers were doing a light dance up and down my cock the whole time.

After fifteen minutes of this I said, "Roll over," which she did.

She got one of the pillows, folded it in half and I helped her push it under her ass. I crawled between her legs and took a long look at that beautiful sight.

Karen wiggled her ass a little and said, "Dinner is served."
