 This is a follow up to "Julie's Pool Party" but was written as a standalone story. You may wish to read the prior story. 

Julie's older sister Katie is engaged to Brian and they decided to take a pre wedding trip to a tropical Hedonism-type resort as a break from their wedding planning pressures.

Upon their engagement Bri was made Vice President of her Grandmother's Real Estate business with a big salary, expense account and automobile.

Julie, Katie's younger sister by four years, learned of the vacation plan and followed the couple to the resort.

*****

Ghalen

A cloudless azure blue sky opens over an equatorial white sandy beach. The blazing sun toasts everything. The sea is calm with gentle rollers washing halfway up the wide beach.

Katie lay on a blanket provided by the adults-only resort. Naked on her back she likes the feel of the beads of perspirations dripping down her sun-tanned breasts and labia. She spreads her thighs a little more to allow the rivulets to pleasurably drip onto the crack of her chocolate ass. Tanning goggles protect her eyes.

She is 23 years old, 5'10" tall, and 135 pounds with curly black hair extending five inches below her shoulders. Her brown eyes are large and expressive. She is blessed with 34C breasts and big raised pink areolae with nipples that stand out ¾ of an inch. Her waist is narrow accentuating her peach bottom ass. Her legs are long and well proportioned.

Her fiancé, Brian, told her he was going up to the bar to get cold refreshments and now she feels a shadow blocking the sun and she senses he is sitting next to her.

His fingers began to explore her pussy and she moans, "I like that." She had given up complaining about his exploring her body intimately in public; he just loved to expose her. As his touch began circling her clit she reached down pulling him inside her as she rocked her hips. Experienced fingers pushed aside her pussy lips and entered her. 

"Ohhh how I love that." as his fingers thrust in and out. "Faster, honey. Harder. I don't care who watches, let them watch you fuck me." Her back arches as his fingers twist inside her. 

She was cuming quickly. Oh, he's stretching her wider than she remembered. How did his hand get so big? Katie grabbed his hand and pulled away her goggles to see a naked ebony male sitting on Brian's blanket. 

Her brain received instantaneous messages from all her senses: her eyes see a very handsome black with a ginormous cock, he smells delicious, she can hear sex throbbing in his loins, his body is just wonderful to touch and she wants to taste him.

She sat up cross legged exposing her open, moist vagina and blushed. She pulled her beach towel over her hips and asked, "Who are you?"

His perfect toothy smile was disarming. He hands her a note: 

Katie,

Meet Ghalen, the genie from my magic lamp. He is yours for the night to fulfill your curiosity of what it would be like making love to a black man, and my fantasy of wanting to see your pussy fucked by another cock. Let' get both fantasies done with before we marry. Isn't his cock amazing?

The only hotel suite left is the bridal suite which I reserved for you.

Ghalen only speaks Spanish. An app has been installed on your iPhone that will translate Spanish to English and back in the event you have a serious need to communicate with him.

Ghalen understands you are a horny putana who wants to be fucked in every hole before she is married. Don't you love his cock?

I am just a phone call away but, really, I don't want you to call me. I just want you fucked to your heart's content.

Your loving fiancé,

Bri

Katie finished the note and realizes she'd been stroking Ghalen's cock that has grown to over a foot long. "Oh it's fucking beautiful." she thinks stroking it some more, watching Ghalen lay his head back, his eyes rolling upwards under their lids. 

She couldn't take her eyes off his muscular, obscenely ripped body. From his muscled calves up to thick thighs, narrow waist, powerful ass and the cock she was pumping as copious drops of precum fall to the blanket. She quickly places her mouth over his huge purple helmet sucking the delicious precum and admired his 6-pack abs, and broad pecs. He had a handsome face, she decided, and liked his bald head.

"He was perfect!" 

She didn't understand Bri's note. She recalled the 'make love to a black man' remark that she made when forced to sit and watch some 'black on white' porn Brian had rented. She only said it to shut him up so she could watch the video. The twinge in her pussy told her that may be a lie. 

She did recall several times when Brian commented that he'd love to see her fucked by some other Tom, Dick or Harry and she told him she wouldn't. She thought he was teasing. Now she realized that Brian had subtly made similar remarks like all the while they were together.

Watching Ghalen, Kate realized he was ready to cum. She held his cock firmly and pushed it into her mouth. Sucking the monster stretched her lips painfully. 

With her free hand she was rubbing her clit enjoying his cock and thinking what a wonderful day this has been. 

Watch for Chapter 2