 Best enjoyed if you read Part One first. 

*****

Our first week together was the most chaotic, unnerving, cataclysmic, sybaritic, sublime seven days I have ever had. There has not been anything like it before or since. 

Trina, upon my leaving that Friday night, my balls drained and frankly most uncomfortable, had made me promise to meet her at the university library the next night, Saturday, at eight, an hour before it closed. 

If she had said the back pew at St. John's, the nearby Catholic church, I would have been no less surprised, but I would have gone there too, if that is what she wanted. It remained a puzzling choice, I had seen no evidence that Trina did much library work, or even did any study in general.

But we met at the big front doors of the great temple of knowledge, at the top of the wide marble steps, her eyes dancing with pleasure when she spotted me, right on time. She wore her leather jacket, her dark mane of hair wild and loose. 

"Chris! Excellent! This will be perfect!" She kissed me, hard, and took my hand and led me inside. The university library is an imposing affair, a turn-of-the-century majestic stone edifice, multi-storied, windows all over, but with plenty of nooks and marvelous crannies for study carrels and quiet reading spots.

She led me down dark, narrow passage-ways, along book-lined aisles, through the labyrinth of learning until we were in territory that I recognized. This was the "HQ" section, the classification area that the United States' national Library of Congress, in all its wisdom, deemed suitable for collecting together all sorts of material related to the topic of sex. She led me down one aisle and stopped in the middle.

My area of study mostly meant using a different part of the library, psychology is generally in the "BF" range, but I had come to this remote secluded area more than once, for both educational and personal reasons. 

As Stash said, "Lotta exciting books there!" and he often came back to our flat with "HQ" items from the library. At first glance, judging by the photos, one might have called these items pornography, but instead they were "academic" research books. But naturally Stash wasn't doing academic research with those books.

"You know this part of the library?" Trina turned to face me, looking into my eyes. 

"Sure, this is the area on sexual matters. Arousal, sexual pathologies, masturbation, gay sex, male and female sexual behaviors. I'm a psych major after all."

She smiled. "My favorite part of the library." She squeezed my hand.

She turned and gazed at the various titles around us. My eyes followed hers.

"See that book up on the top shelf?" She pointed. "HQ71.B351?"

I tilted my head and squinted at the title. "Sexual Deviance?" She nodded. 

"Would you reach it for me?" she asked a bit breathlessly. 

This was a silly request of course, she was nearly as tall as I was. I had retrieved items off top shelves when asked before, but it was mostly for the under five-foot-five crowd. But I smiled and complied, stretching up my right arm.

In a flash she was on her knees in front of me, excitedly unbuttoning my pants, fishing my penis out of my undershorts. 

Before I could even return with the book, her soft mouth was on the head of my penis, and she began an eager, serious suck. Book in hand, I leaned my back against the shelves, and felt her warm, enthusiastic mouth work me over. 

Her tongue tickled the head of my penis, slid around my glans, licked the underside of my shaft while she held it erect with one hand, licked around and under my balls. It was extraordinary, sudden, intense. Her mouth could win awards the way it operated. 

I do not think I have ever had my cock attacked so fiercely, so energetically. My head was dizzy with pleasure, looking down at her taking me deep, her tongue moving along the head of my cock. 

The possibility that someone could walk by the end of the aisle and glimpse us between the bookcases and see exactly what was going on, the fact that we were in the corner of the library devoted to "sex," that this was our first instance of intimacy - all of it was vastly exciting. That along with the realization that it was Trina Thompson doing the sucking, this sizable wet-dream of a siren whose presence had dominated my thoughts for the last two weeks, now making arousing acquaintance with my penis. 

Her tongue did marvelous things to the head of my cock, sliding along its surface, the tip pressing into my piss-slit, then dawdling over my cockhead's tantalized ridge-line. I loved the way her lips cupped my prickhead, gliding softly, wetly, along its surface. 

It did not take real long, despite my multiple ejaculations the day before. My penis was intensely excited, her tongue inquisitive and active, and the nerve endings of my cock were telling me that we were just at the precipice of something amazing. 

Her head bobbed, I watched her hair move about with her energetic motions, her focus completely on my prick. My hips started moving of their own volition, my ass cheeks clenching, I felt my testicles building up an unstoppable pressure. 

I came real hard, she pulled a good strong urgent load of sperm out of me, my hips bucking frantically at the end, shaking the bookcase, while I drove my penis into her mouth, long slow ass-clenchings at the end while I sent the last of my semen down her throat. 

And then I saw a satisfied lewd look on her face when she gazed up at me afterward. A smile of pleasure, as her throat contracted and she swallowed. Her lips glistened with an thin overcoat of semen-slime on top of her red lip-stick. And I knew then that she would be having a lot of my sperm from now on. That knowledge made my hips give an extra shudder of enjoyment.

It was one of the most explosive climaxes I had ever experienced, certainly the most unexpected. The pleasure that she took with me, the way she made my cock feel special, not just that she was cock-hungry, but wanted me, my penis - all of this suggested an enthralling beginning to our affair.

We walked back to her place holding hands, my groin happy and warm. It was always her place during our time together, never mine. We had some brandy together at the living room table before heading to bed. 

Her bedroom had dark wood trim around windows and edge-sills, and she left a low light on to gently illuminate the scene. Her bed was an antique brass affair, meticulously made with a quilt and colorful pastel pillows.

She disrobed me, carefully, and then had me do her, one article of clothing at time. I gasped repeatedly as I undressed her, not quite ready to believe her charms were now mine to explore. Her breasts spilled marvelously free from her brassiere when I unhooked it. I felt that the gates of heaven had opened to me.

When all the clothes were off, we stood and looked at each other. I trembled at what I saw. Her magnificent breasts, broad curved hips, her expectant face. We embraced and I ran my fingers over her full, firm haunches. A kiss and she led me by the hand, regally, commandingly, seductively, to her bed.

We climbed under the covers and began that initial exploration, always both an exciting and tentative business for new lovers. We kissed, I traced the contours of her breasts, tweaked her nipples erect, felt the curve of her flanks, stroked her asscheeks. On her part, her fingers slid lightly over my penis, underneath my balls, along my sides.

I couldn't decide whether I wanted to try to first lick her crotch or penetrate her straight away. I settled on the first, more because I wanted a good close-up look of her cunt, and an initial taste and smell.

She had a fair amount of crotch hair. I would learn later that she regarded shaving as a "pain in the butt" and claimed that her dark thick hair follicles were "tough as tungsten." So mostly she was only fastidious about shaving and trimming during bikini season in warm weather, which was not for a few months. 

But she smelled good, her coarse hair veiling two very thick and fleshy outer lips, which split appealingly to reveal a stunningly handsome inside set, and a cute little love nub. I licked, I probed, I tasted, I smelled. All was intoxicating. 

Her fingers caressed my head while I tongued her. She fondled my earlobes, toyed with my temples and cheeks. 

But I wanted to be up her.

I pulled up on top of her and got into position. With one hand she helped guide my penis home, a slow, luxurious slide up that wet, beckoning avenue.

We kissed. It was divine. We barely moved at first, my penis nerves just registering the warmth and dampness of its new sheath. Then she gave me a squeeze and we were off.

It was actually good that I had already ejaculated once, it meant this first coupling might well be more prolonged than usual. 

We drew it out impressively, given our arousal. I uncunted several times, she sucked me and played with my balls, doing her own exploration, while I watched her head move over me, my fingers running through her hair. 

We were playful, experimental. I slid up her, stayed for awhile, slowly urging my hips into hers, gauging what pleased her, what felt good to me, then tried some different way to produce and prolong our enjoyment. 

I have never had such an extended first-acquaintance fuck with a new lover. My tongue returned to her notch, and I gave her one climax, her hips shaking violently with her hands clamped on each side of my head in an involuntary grip, before I entered her again for a final time.

This one was a beauty. She was wet and excited, and her cunt gripped me lovely. I was pushing fast early, our mouths entwined, tongues poking around, her hands on my ass, urging me on.

She disengaged her mouth with a little sigh, and I felt her hips roll into me, then a series of mighty clenches to my prick while she came. 

She exhaled loudly, low primal sounds, while her hips quivered and I kept driving into her. I was close behind, my sperm pressure highly advanced from the long delay of arousal, and I pumped a good satisfying load of semen into her, my anus squeezing shut repeatedly, my hips frantically urging my prick into her. 

I stayed on top and we kissed. It felt like home. 

Finally I rolled off and we gathered ourselves into a comfortable embrace for sleep. My head whirled, I had just been sucked off in the library by this love goddess, then impaled her in bed with my insistent cock, made her climax twice. All was good. Sleep was like a little dab of whipped cream on top, a sweet luxury ending to an enchanting night of pleasure.

We made make love every day that first week, and generally there was more than one climax for each of us. I have to say that I was astounded at her appetite.

We fucked regular, face to face. She sucked me, a lot. I ate her out, a lot. An hour of foreplay was generally a short session. We did sixty-nine. I humped her from behind, absolutely delirious in the way my hips would slap into her meaty ass. 

I spermed her mouth. I spermed her sweet gripping cunt, with its big lips and powerful muscles, sometimes twice an evening. One time I even spermed her cleavage. It was all incredible. I had hit the mother lode.

After our first night, it seemed that whenever we coupled face to face, she was on top. I did not mind this initially, it was great fun when she dangled her breasts into my face or slapped me with them when she was over me.

Her tits lived up to every bit of mouthwatering anticipation I had generated. They were not just big, they had personality. I loved looking at them from any angle. Sitting on a couch with her shirt off, they settled sublimely on her rib-cage, splaying off to each side. 

When walking around her apartment topless or braless they swayed enchantingly. In our showers together, I loved how the soap and water flowed over and off them. I tried to imagine Trina doing a push-up naked, and the thought just made me bust up. She would have had exactly two inches of movement when bending her elbows before her nipples would have touched the floor. 

Meaty, her breasts had heft to them, with lovely dark circles around her nipples, little mini-bumps all over her areolae. Every other woman I have been with, when they were hovering over me on top while fucking, their breasts, even if large, always turned into cones. These might have been steep and narrow cones, or wider, broader ones, but still they always seemed to taper down, the nipple always ended up being the point, the bottom of the cone. 

With Trina, all the weight seemed to sink to their ends, and I had these two rounded pendulous orbs in front of me. She enjoyed twisting her torso suddenly, smacking me in the face with their heavy ends when she was on top of me. If I wasn't paying attention I could get clocked pretty good, like I had been hit on the side of my face with a bean-bag. Her little giggles as she tormented me with her boobs and ground her cunt into me were highly arousing. 

Her ass was similarly alluring. It was large, rounded, firm. In fact all her flesh was meaty, it wasn't like she was fat, her body just was dense. Everything had heft. I loved caressing her ass when she was lying face down, tracing its curves with my fingers, kissing it all over. 

And taking her from behind was superb. I would do her doggie-style, a pillow under her middle, her knees out to the side and rump elevated, plunging my penis into her cunt and humping my hips noisily into her ass. She'd finger herself to a climax while I drove into her, or sometimes I would position myself on top of her back and slip my own finger down there myself to do her notch. Despite my impassioned entreaties, she wouldn't go the next step and do anal, 

I have to say that no one else had let me sodomize them either, not like I had had a huge sample size with whom to experiment, and I guess this will have to wait for someone else, but I figured if anyone would have been up for this, it would have been Trina. She'd let me stick a finger up her anus or lick her there but made it very clear my penis would never be granted harbor inside her rectum.

Drawbacks that first week? Very few. She snored. I usually didn't mind. If I woke up before her in the morning I would listen to her, and watch her chest rise and fall with her noisy breathing. When she slept on her back, her sharp little nose would point straight up, her mouth open, great deep sounds coming from inside her. Of course I got to see her tits sooner or later after she awoke, and that pretty much made up for any noise annoyances. 

My balls ached. I don't think I have ever divested myself of as much semen with someone as I did that first week with her. I had to make sure I kept myself well hydrated. I had to be careful about alcohol. Anything more than a beer or a glass of wine and my stamina would get dinged, and I felt like I couldn't afford that. 

My dick didn't ever get sore, but man it got in a pile of work. 

One of my lesser pleasures that whole time was leaving her place in early daylight with the tart sultry taste of her cunt in my mouth. It reminded me of where my tongue had been, what it had done, how her fluids had leaked into my mouth. I could smell her on me most of the morning, until I took a shower. Her scent would prod my groin into an involuntary shudder during the day, knowing that more pleasure was coming later. 

Our second week together I later decided was our "chess match" week. Individually we spent our time in attempts to out-maneuver each other to prevail with our own particular desires. She did way better than me, but I got in a few victories. Most of the leveraging was about how we were going to have sex, whether she sucked me first, or I ate her out first, or how many times and ways I would mount her that particular evening. 

It was almost impossible to get around a corner on her, out-flank her. She was quick and cunning and usually had a good counter to whatever plan I proposed. She would make one hell of a good contract negotiator. 

I got her to suck in me in a elevator in a downtown skyscraper once, that was excellent. On the ride up, once we were alone in the elevator after the last passengers had departed, she stroked my penis through my clothes until I was hard. At the lookout points on the top floor as we wandered around scanning the views, she kept finding ways to keep me on edge, stealthily caressing me through my pants even when other people were around, so that by the time we were ready to descend, I was ready to cream. 

She took me in her mouth on the ride down, and we just managed to finish before getting off on the ground floor, a pile of folks waiting when the door finally opened, my pants just barely zipped up and her gullet filled with sperm. I was sure the stupid grin in my face gave our little adventure away, but we breezed out carelessly, and then laughed like maniacs once we got to the street. 

One of my few other proposals to prevail was getting Trina to jump-rope topless. That was quite the sight. I borrowed Nigel's jump-rope from his training paraphernalia and brought it over one evening. I was able to insist that she complete a whole two-minute, uninterrupted cycle of jumping. 

Her tits were tremendous, the way they flew up in the air and then jounced down, their curves flattening out and then their heft flying off to the side in mesmerizing elliptical arcs, over and over again as she hopped up and down. She hadn't used a jump-rope since she had been a little girl, so luckily for me it took many tries before she got in a full two minutes solid. I wish I had had a camcorder, that would have made for one great film-clip. 

On the other hand, what I had to do to "pay" for this little request wasn't so pleasant. Trina stroked my dick hard, then I had to jump-rope two whole minutes naked with my stiff cock banging up and down. She was grinning like a banshee the whole time. 

At least I was able to do my whole two minutes on the first try, but it was plenty uncomfortable. My prickhead felt like it weighed five pounds and it would slap into my belly on the way up, then bob down most painfully on the landing. It really hurt. I am glad I don't have a cam recording of that. My prick still hurts when I think about it. 

We talked about sex non-stop. Our first orgasms, our first lovers in high school, our favorite fantasies. The protein content of semen. The fact that the word "boob" was a palindrome. Why sexual arousal was the best thing in the world. I had never met a woman so obsessed with sex. The horizon expanded into an infinitude of orgiastic bliss.

Her first boyfriend was named Nikky. She described him as short and skinny and they made an odd looking pair together. Trina said it took him forever to get up the nerve for a first kiss, but luckily not so long before he was fondling her breasts whenever they found a furtive clandestine chance, figuring out how to unhook her bra with one hand up the back of her shirt, twiddling her nipples. 

They coupled the first time just a couple months after they got together, both of them were fifteen. She spoke of him fondly, how nice his penis was, how much she enjoyed getting him aroused, how much fun it was to learn about lovemaking together. There had been a whole pile of other boyfriends after Nikky. She had had no difficulty attracting ardent males.

That second week also provided the first sign of difficulties. It began when I committed a cardinal sin, only I didn't know it was a cardinal sin at the time. 

I had come inside her, she had been on top, and after she had rolled off and we snuggled, I had fallen asleep before getting her to come a second time. She had already climaxed once, don't mistake it, but she wanted another and I was beat, to tell the truth, and drifted off before she had been satisfied. 
