 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

It was just a couple of weeks after Krista's departure that I ran into Brandi after seeing her leaving Krista's old office. I never minded running into Brandi, though I typically preferred following her down a long corridor, devouring her ass with my eyes. I made a comment about her moving into Krista's old office and she replied that she only wished that the walls could talk. It was pretty clear that she knew what had gone on between Krista and me in there, but I still played innocent and asked her what she meant. She lowered her voice and told me that Krista had spilled everything to her, privately of course, because she had been fit to burst with excitement about the whole situation. Brandi had been unaware and would never have realized had Krista not told her. She was also certain that no one else in the office knew what had gone on. Saying she had to run to a meeting, she took off, but not before suggesting that if I was to pay her a visit, she'd make me feel right at home in that office. I was speechless as she walked away, but that didn't stop me from locking my eyes on her sweet ass.

Brandi's ass was a bit smaller and not as round as Krista's, but every time I saw it, I wanted to take her by the hips and fuck her from behind. It was looking like I might get the opportunity. Otherwise, she had long, straight, honey-colored hair, compared to Krista's curly dark brown locks and her tits, though plenty large, were not quite as big as Krista's. Had she not been on her way to a meeting, I would have suggested immediately retiring to her new office. It took a few attempts, but I finally managed to find her there and asked if her schedule was open. She said that it was so I asked if her offer of hospitality was still valid. When she said that it was, I started to close the door, but she stopped me and took a Post-It note that had been stuck to the back of it and moved it to the outside. The note read "Do NOT even THINK of knocking!!!"

I asked her if she'd gotten much use out of the note, but she replied that she'd only made it up after talking to me about coming to visit. We were standing behind the closed door, so we just started making out and my hands dropped immediately to her ass. I could not believe that it was actually in my hands and my cock grew rapidly against her abdomen as I squeezed and massaged it. When I pulled my lips from hers to kiss her long neck, I muttered about how much I loved her ass, how long I'd been admiring it and how it made me want to take her by the hips and fuck her from behind. She started to pull away from me, saying that now was my opportunity, then turned and leaned on the "peninsula" of her office workstation while wiggling her ass for me.

While watching her ass, I moved behind her and placed my hands on her hips, bringing my throbbing tool against her soft ass. I slid my hands up from her waist to cup her tits, feeling her hard nipples through her blouse and bra. Since her blouse buttoned up the front, I went ahead and unbuttoned it then cupped her tits again before backing up slightly to slip my hands around to unfasten her bra. My hands immediately went under her slack bra to feel the soft, smooth flesh of her tits and her stiff nipples against my palms. Now I couldn't believe that I had her succulent tits in my hands and was toying with her hard nipples as I fondled the soft flesh. While I probably would have been content to do that all day, I realized that I had basically been given the go ahead to fuck her from behind, so after a few minutes, I dropped my hands back to her waist and unbuckled her belt. Once her belt was undone, I opened her slacks and let them drop to her ankles. Placing my hands back on her hips, I felt the narrow elastic of what appeared to be bikini panties, which I imagined to look incredible stretched across her ass.

Rather than continuing to imagine it, I dropped to my knees behind her and ran my hands over the smooth, pink material while admiring her sweet ass at close range. I quickly decided to slide the panties down and helped her step out of them and her slacks while kissing and nibbling her bare cheeks. When she bent all the way over, laying her head on the top of the worktable, her pussy became more accessible, so I lapped at it a few times, tasting her sweet juices before deciding to slip my cock into it. I stood up, dropped my pants and briefs and took my rigid tool in hand, guiding it just below her ass until the head slipped between her lips. I pushed forward and was engulfed in the hot slickness of her pussy as my hips met her ass and my hands grasped her hips.

She let out a soft moan, her head still lying on the table, as I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her hot, wet pussy. I was entranced by her ass as I fucked her, having imagined this situation so many times, but usually with my cock in my hand. Each time I fully embedded my cock and my hips hit her ass, it jiggled just a bit, which got me wondering whether her tits were also jiggling. I slid my hands around from her hips to cup her dangling tits, hefting their weight and toying with her hard nipples. This was even better than I had imagined, though I still had every intention of getting her naked before I left her office. One thing Krista and I had learned was that a single Post-It note tended to wield a lot of power. Another thing was that being buck naked and fucking at work was a total erotic rush.

I could feel her pussy getting wetter and hotter the longer I fucked her, so I thought I'd help her along and dropped a hand down to her bush. My fingers slipped through the short fur until a fingertip met her clit and she sucked in her breath. I lightly caressed it as my cock continued to slide in and out of her and she fought to keep the noises that wanted to escape under control. I could feel her pushing back against me with each thrust of my cock into her and could tell that she was on the verge of cumming. I continued to help her along, hoping that what I was doing was also drawing out the pleasure she was feeling. It got to the point where I wasn't so much fucking her as I was standing there and she was forcing herself backwards repeatedly and rapidly. I did give a little upward thrust each time her ass hit my hips, hoping to give just a bit deeper penetration and maybe just a bit more pleasure.

When she forced herself backward and just held there while a little squeak escaped from her mouth, I pushed into her just a little bit farther and she let out a long, ragged breath while her body seemed to tremble. We just held our positions as she came then, when she had finished and let out a sigh, I pulled out of her, my cock rigid and slippery, and helped her straighten up. While kissing her again, I slid off both her blouse and bra, leaving her completely naked. I stepped back to admire her figure, her narrow waist, her large areolas, as her focus remained completely on my stiff shaft. I had her climb up on the "peninsula" and stepped out of my own shoes, pants and briefs. She lay on her back and, standing beside her, I kissed her again while fondling her tits, then moved down so that I could lick and suck her hard nipples while teasing her pussy with my fingertips. I gradually kissed my way down there, as well, and licked her dripping pussy some more while resolving to take the time at some point to completely devour it. Now was not the time, because my throbbing cock was demanding relief.

I climbed up onto the worktable and, positioning myself over her, guided my cock back into her hot, wet pussy. We made out again as I felt her soft breasts pressing against my chest and I slowly slid my cock in and out of her. I wanted to fuck her sweet pussy until I came deep inside her but the tabletop ended up being murder on my knees. I didn't notice right away as I was relishing having my throbbing cock buried deep inside her once again, but after we'd been making out for a little while I started to feel a little discomfort. I had no desire to stop fucking her again, though, so I shifted a little bit whenever it got too uncomfortable. The plus for Brandi was that it was definitely increasing my staying power, but I certainly wasn't getting as much out of this position as she was. Once I got to the point where I could no longer find a comfortable enough position, I ended up moving up to straddle Brandi's ribs and laid my cock between her tits. She squeezed them together for me while I fucked them, enjoying the feel of the soft, smooth flesh along my still throbbing shaft.

It occurred to me that I still had not felt Brandi's mouth on my cock so, after fucking her luscious globes for a little while, I moved forward a little bit more and slipped my cock into her mouth. She released her tits and grabbed my ass, taking me as deeply into her mouth as she could as I realized just how much I was going to enjoy sneaking around with her as I had with Krista. I was gently sliding my cock in and out of her mouth as she raised her head slightly to engulf each thrust. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build but I was sure that I would enjoy it more if I blew a load down her throat while devouring her pussy. I asked her how she'd feel about having her pussy eaten while she sucked my cock and she smile broadly around my stiff tool. We quickly repositioned so that I was on my back, taking the pressure off my knees, and her pussy was soon looming over my face. I admired her honey-colored bush briefly before slurping at her slit.

When her lips closed around my shaft again and started sliding up and down while I lapped at the juices she was so abundantly producing, I truly felt like I was in Heaven. I had both hands on her ass but ended up bringing one down so I could slip a finger into her while focusing my licking on her clit. The small room was filled with soft slurping sounds and muted moaning as I enjoyed the taste of her pussy and the feel of her mouth on my cock and, I presumed, she was enjoying the feel of my tongue on her clit and my finger sliding in and out of her juicy pussy. I could feel my orgasm immediately begin building again at a rapid pace due to her skilled oral attention. She had already cum that once, but I still was hoping to get her there a second time before we decided it was time to get dressed again. I focused my efforts while thoroughly enjoying the feeling of her mouth sliding up and down my shaft. While my cock was beginning to swell more within the confines of her mouth, I could feel her pussy becoming juicier the longer I licked and sucked her clit.

The only thing that could get me to stop licking her sweet pussy was when the pleasure built to such a level that I just had to lower my head and enjoy the feeling for the last minute or so before I started shooting my load. She continued to slurp as she was swallowing, only stopping when I was completely spent and had raised my head again to go back to licking her clit. She lowered her own head to rest on my thigh as I devoured her pussy while still sliding my finger in and out. I could hear her breathing becoming harsher as her pussy continued to flow liberally with juices that were flooding my finger. She finally let out a gasp as she started cumming again while I continued what I was doing until I was certain that she'd fully experienced her orgasm. I let my head drop and, after a few minutes to catch her breath, Brandi climbed off of her worktable and leaned over to kiss me again. Lying on my back as she kissed me, I couldn't resist fondling her awesome tits some more.

When she finally let me up, we started to gather our clothes, but I wouldn't let her start getting dressed until she had let me absorb her fully naked physique from both the front and the back for a few minutes. I told her how hot she looked naked and wondered how I was going to be able to keep my hands off of her and be discreet. She responded that we'd explore every option that would allow us not only to get off, but to get naked when possible, too. I asked her if she was feeling like she needed to share the experience with somebody, as Krista had, but she was definitely more about keeping it just between us and not even telling Krista. I watched as she pulled her pink bikini panties and her bra back on, wishing I had a camera, then pulled my own clothes back on. Using Krista's time-tested technique to make sure nobody was nearby when I left the office, I slipped out and headed back to my own desk, thinking hard about when, where and how I would be able to get her naked again.