 The characters in this story are an amalgam of people I've met and admired mixed thoroughly with imagination. No one is meant to be an accurate depiction of anyone real or dead. This is my first foray into this genre, I hope some of you enjoy it.

******

It was a warm equatorial night on Joali Island in the Maldives, but the breeze off the Indian ocean was cool. Kay sat and watched the sun setting. There were just enough clouds to make for a brilliant display of reds and golds. She didn't know what the flowers were that were blooming, but they added a delicate perfume to the smell of sea salt in the night air.

This is probably a mistake, Kay thought as she sat at the table at her favorite beach bar sipping a glass of Chablis. Wasn't this exactly the kind of thing they warned her about? What if Thorn isn't who I thinks he is? Why am I here?

But she knew, she was here because she'd never met anyone who could make her crazy with just a few words the way this man could. Just chatting with him, she could practically feel him in the same room with her; almost feel his fingers and lips on her skin.

She took a longer sip of wine. Maybe she was worrying too much. He'd let her pick the spot to meet, her favorite beach-side bar at her favorite resort. It would be alright.

* * *

The first time Thorn had spoken with Kay online, he was charmed by her beauty. Her body was as close to perfect as he'd ever seen: a perfect complexion, full natural breasts, an almost impossibly flat tummy, and a beautiful heart-shaped ass. He'd wanted to reach out and touch her from the moment he'd seen her. 

She was wearing only pink panties and a shoulder less ruffle tube top that kept slipping down far enough for one perfect nipple to peek out. Yet she didn't show her face and she seemed shy. He was intrigued.

What he really loved most, though, was her imagination.

"Would it be alright if I lightly run my fingernails down your back?" he'd asked in a private message.

"I'd like that," she'd replied. "Please do that."

That was the first of many times Thorn described to Kay what he would like to do with her, given the chance. Their chats were teasing, silly, and occasionally serious.

They discovered shared interests in art and erotica. Kay loved Thorn's sense of humor. Thorn loved to see her smile.

Eventually, they decided they wanted more, that they wanted to meet. 

Even then, they still hadn't seen each other's faces and decided they wanted to hold onto that bit of mystery until they met.

"I could be horribly ugly," Kay teased him.

"Never to me," he'd replied.

* * *

Thorn had arrived a few moments earlier. He stood outside the bar looking at the people on the patio. He tried to collect himself. I must be crazy, He thought to himself for the hundredth time in ten minutes. I've flown thousands of miles to meet a woman I barely know. It feels like I know her, but really, I don't. She could be crazy. Will I even recognize her? I've never seen her face.

He took a deep breath and walked into the open-air bar. He recognized her almost instantly. That figure, even from the back, had become so familiar to him that she was impossible to miss.

Seeing a floral arrangement on the bar, Thorn picked out the sweetest smelling bloom, then he walked up behind the woman and said, "Kay?"

When she turned to face him, his heart skipped. She was so beautiful. Full sensuous lips, dark eyes full of fire, luxurious dark hair, and high cheekbones. She was wearing a dress that was open in the back and dipped dangerously low in the front, showing off her marvelous cleavage. Her impossibly short skirt hugged her hips showing off legs that would be the envy of any runway model. She sat with one leg crossed over the other, one high-heeled sandal dangling from the toes of her foot.

"Thorn?"

He nodded.

Kay's pulse quickened. Her first thought was, he's beautiful! 

The man before her had long white hair pulled back in a ponytail, a neatly trimmed goatee and mustache, that were only a shade darker than his hair. He wore a loose black silk shirt and loose grey cotton pants. His hazel eyes were full of frank admiration and affection, his lips set in a smile like he'd just found the winning lotto ticket.

She smiled back.

"You are even more beautiful than I imagined," Thorn said. He produced a flower from somewhere. "May I?"

Kay nodded, not exactly sure where he was going.

He stepped closer. As he brushed her hair back from one side of her face, his fingers lightly brushed against her skin for the first time. She felt a tingle run through her. He tucked the flower behind her ear. It was corny, but sweet.

Kay's fear evaporated. This was Thorn, the man she'd met in her online chat room, the main who had titillated her by describing some of the deliciously naughty things he'd like to do with her.

"Have you been thinking about me?" She asked, raising her voice a bit to be heard above the noise of the bar.

He leaned in, inches from her ear, "All the way across two oceans."

Kay slipped her sandal on, slid off the stool, briefly flashing giving Thorn a glimpse of her white lacy panties. "Let's go for a walk," she said, putting her arm around him. He was surprisingly fit. "There is too much noise here, and I want you all to myself."

She led Thorn out onto the beach, out of the range of the lights closer to the sea. Then she turned to him and took his hands in hers. "You asked me once if I'd ever made love outside."

"I remember, you said no."

Kay placed her hands on her hips. She tilted her head to one side and pulled her hair back to expose her neck. "I have a naughty idea," she said.

Thorn, taking her cue, kissed her neck.

Kay pointed to the line of her jaw.

Thorn kissed her where she wanted and slid his hands around her waist to the small of her back.

Kay tilted her head back and indicated the hollow of her throat.

Thorn followed her lead. He tasted her skin with his tongue. He slid his hands up her bare back and dragged his nails lightly down her skin. His hands came to rest on her hips.

Kay trailed her finger lazily down from the hollow of her throat, leading Thorn's licks and kisses across her collar bone and down her chest to between her breasts. His lips, tongue, even his breath on her skin felt exquisite. She rolled her shoulders back to lift her breasts to him.

Thorn puller her hips toward him. She felt his erection straining against his pants. 

She lifted her right breast to his mouth, then moaned his name as he teased her nipple with his tongue.

"Have you been thinking about me?" he asked.

"Dreaming," she said. 

"Me too," he said rubbing his thumb across her full lips, "Dreaming of touching you."

"And now you are."

"I hope I'm fulfilling expectations."

"You're doing just fine."

Thorn was so excited he was scared he'd lose control. He was kissing the very breast he'd been dreaming about. He flicked his tongue across her erect nipple and traced her areola. She trembled in his arms.

Then, her hand was in his hair pulling his head up and she was kissing him. Her full soft lips on his, her mouth open, her tongue meeting his. Her arms around his neck and her hips pressed against his. They were both lost in the sensation of skin against skin.

When she broke the kiss, Kay quickly reached behind her and unzipped her dress. With a wriggle, the dress dropped to the ground leaving her naked except her white lace panties.

Thorn grabbed the towel from Kay's beach bag and tossed it on the sand between them.

Kay dropped to her knees. She unzipped Thorn's pants while he stripped off his shirt. Then she pulled down his pants and briefs, freeing his erection.

Kay was on her knees in front of Thorn, his cock inches from her lips. She took hold of it with one hand and leaned forward to lick the head. Her other hand was already between her own legs. Her pussy was dripping.

Thorn put his hand on her head. She expected him to pull her forward, to thrust his cock into her mouth, to satisfy his own need.

He surprised her.

"Remember," he said. "Ladies first." He knelt. First, he returned to her breasts. He worked slowly around them and then down to her belly button.

Kay was on fire. It was exquisite torture how long he was taking. She lay back on the towel, propped up on her elbows, her legs splayed outward, resisting the temptation to grab his head and push him lower.

Thorn kissed her just above her mons. His hands were caressing her thighs.

"Don't stop," she moaned. "Don't you dare stop."

Thorn flicked his tongue across her clitoris. Electricity shot through her. Then, just when she was sure was going to stay where he was, he moved down and started kissing the inside of her thigh. His tongue and lips teased their way up her leg until he was right next to her vulva. Then he switched to her other thigh.

Kay grabbed Thorn by his head and pulled him toward the center of her senses.

Thorn chuckled, then: lick - his tongue flicked across her clit again and she felt his fingers at her vagina.

I must be dripping she thought. She could feel his fingers sliding up and down her pussy lips. That feels so good.

Thorn was intoxicated with Kay's aroma and the taste of her juices. It was all he could do to resist pulling her hips forward and slamming himself into her. But as wonderful as he was sure that would feel, he wanted to make her climax first. He wanted to feel her tremble in his hands.

Thorn circled Kay's clitoris with his tongue very slowly. He slid one finger inside her and curled it upward to reach the cluster of nerves at her g-spot.

"Oh, that's so good, Thorn, that's so good!"

Thorn flicked his tongue across her clit again, then again. He moved his head from side to side brushing her clitoris with his lips. Her breathing quickened and he could feel her excitement rise. He kept going, faster, then slower, then faster again, until she was right on the edge.

Kay was lost in sensation. It seemed that Thorn knew exactly what to do.

Thorn bit down gently on her clit. The intense sensation pushed Kay over the edge. Her vaginal walls spasm around his fingers. Her legs wrapped around his head and pulled him in tighter.

Thorn glanced up just long enough to catch a glimpse of Kay's face as she came. The sight of her lost in pleasure was almost enough to send him over the edge. But he wasn't ready for that yet.

Waves of pleasure spread out from Kay's belly, spreading a warm tingle though her arms to her fingers, which were fondling her own breasts and nipples. She rode the waves as her orgasm slowly ebbed.

"Oh, that was good, that was so good," Kay said.

But Thorn still wasn't done. His tongue went back to work, very slowly licking up and down her pussy lips. Every time he got to the top; he swirled his tongue around her clitoris. It wasn't long before she was building toward another orgasm.

"I want you inside me," she said. She reached down and took his cock in her hand. It was already slick with pre-cum. She guided his cock to her pussy and rubbed the head against her slick lips. She lifted her hips to welcome inside her.

Thorn bent forward to kiss her as his cock slid into her at last. He moved slowly, still trying to maintain the tease, but it was hopeless. Kay's arms wrapped around him. She pulled him into a savage kiss.

All art and pretense fell away as the lovers in fantasy became lovers in fact. They never noticed the couple that watched them from a distance. They reveled in each other until, sated, they lay cuddled together naked on their towel, listening to the soft susurrus of the waves on the sand and the music and laughter from the bar.