 This is a work of fiction and all participants are of a legal age.

I hope you enjoy.

***

Sometimes life is all about timing...

Before I get into my story, let me tell you a little about the lead up to what was the most amazing weekend in my life. If you were to see me walking down the street you would probably describe me as a normal looking middle-aged guy. Happily married, two kids (one in high school and one middle school), good job, sensible car, plays softball surfs when the ocean beckons. While I am not in the same great shape I was in during high school, I still feel good about myself. In other words, I am a normal guy. Well, a normal guy with a bit of a naughty side.

A couple of years ago I was on a website that sells high-end adult "furniture" (wow, is that a story for a different day) and saw a reference to what appeared to be some type of adult social media account. Well, after visiting the furniture company's adult themed blog, I created my own. It seemed like the easiest way to check out some fun and naughty content. I have a very distinct preference to things I follow and post onto my own blog - REAL people. I find that professionally produced adult entertainment today is total garbage. I love watching real people doing real things.

Back to a story that should start with "you probably won't believe this, but..."

So, how did I get here in the most exclusive suite in the Park Places Suites in Vegas with such an amazing woman? Well, it started with a trade show for defense contractors at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Wait, how do you go from a boring trade show to such a suite? Luck - pure luck - and lots of it.

I have been coming to Vegas for years and years. I have probably been there 75 times when you combine fun trips and work events. Vegas no longer holds the lure luster it once did. I get done what I need to get done and go home. That is how I find myself in my hotel room at 8:45 pm with my ipad scrolling through all of the blog postings on my new favorite site/app. I see something that catches my eye. I saw a post that read "I want to hear from you guys and gals! So let's play a game. Leave me a comment saying what you would want to see me do with my lips. The best 3 will get an exclusive pic and gif on your messages and I will choose one lucky winner for a sexting session! So be very creative and don't go for the obvious!" from a gorgeous married woman who is quite naughty (I know all of this because of her handle). I click over to her blog and see that she looks like she is exactly what she says - except she has left out the word gorgeous in her name.

I am typically weary of stuff like this with all of the crazy Russian bots and fake accounts on these types of sites/blogs. But what the heck, what else do I have to do while in my room. So I sit down and type out something that is fun and creative. An important thing to know about me, is that I am a "giver" when it comes to being intimate. I totally get off on getting who I am with. Don't get me wrong, I love making love, getting blowjobs, etc. - but call me old fashioned, women cum first and most when they are with me. Period! My little message to my best friend is not about what she would do with her lips to me (WAY too obvious), but more about what those lips would be doing as I give her a toe-curling orgasm that would leave her light-headed.

I hit  and check back a couple more times later to see if I have any messages. I check the other posts and think I have a serious chance of winning. I see a notification from this bad, naughty wife and I see what I think are the three winners and my name isn't there. Fuck! But wait, I scroll down and see "And the winner is ... ME. Holy shit! Me. I check in my messages section of my blog and there she is - a couple of pics and amazingly fun 30 second video. We start chatting a bit - I am sure she is just humoring me at this point, but I am going to enjoy my time with this Goddess even if it is only instant messaging on adult app.

We chat a little bit and I sadly have to say goodnight - it is nearly 2 am and I have to be up in 4 hours. My last message (or so I thought) was "Good night gorgeous, I have to get up in a couple of hours and I am not 21 years old anymore - I need some sleep. God, I wish you were in Vegas! I am done at 5:00pm tomorrow and wish I could show you that my story was more than just words." I can see her typing, expecting a "Goodnight" and that would be the end of my fun. She stops typing, starts typing, stops typing - over and over. I finally get a message that says "Are you really in Vegas?" I reply "yep, here at a trade show".

Total silence...

And then, I see her typing again. And then a message comes through that I still cannot believe. "Babe, I am in Vegas too, and after reading your story I am so amped up I have already 'jilled-off' twice tonight." More silence and then finally "Do you want to have dinner tomorrow night and see where things lead?" I nearly drop my ipad. I reply "Umm, that sounds like the most amazing idea ever. I am staying at the Park Place, they have a nice little restaurant here. I will be in the restaurant's bar in a blue shirt with a white carnation. If you see me and I am not your cup of tea you can always take off. If you want to have dinner then come up behind me and whisper 'jabberwocky' into my ear." Almost instantly your reply appears "see you there at 8:00".

Holy fuck!

My next bit of amazing luck happens the next morning as I am walking through the casino. I put a dollar into one of those mega slots and pull the arm. I don't win the $10 million, but I do win a free night at any suite/villa in the resort. I immediately take my voucher to the front desk and book Villa 28 for the night with a hope for a truly unforgettable evening. Let's just say Villa 28 is better than room 327.

I cruise through my day barely thinking about what I am doing. All I can think about is dinner and Villa 28. I get to the bar around 7:45. She has no idea what I look like and on her blog, she does a great job hiding her face - but those amazing eyes and her oh so kissable lips will be a giveaway if I see her.

I am sitting there until 8:10 and have just about given up when I feel a light touch on my should and feel as much as hear her say "come on, what the fuck does jabberwocky mean?". I laugh, turn in my chair, and smile. There she is - looking completely amazing. She tells me that she almost left because she was so nervous. I am glad she didn't. She introduces herself as Lisa and I introduce myself as Wes.

I could talk about dinner (but I won't) - needless to say we had a great time. We really clicked. At the end of dinner we hit that time where the night would end or just begin. I let Lisa know that I have had an amazing dinner and if the evening ended right now it would go down as one of the best nights of my life. She replies "oh, something is going to be 'going down' tonight - and I hope it is going to be both of us. I have been imagining you doing what you wrote to me yesterday all day. Please, let's go rock the world."

Mama didn't raise no dummy... I ask you to follow me. I take your hand and we walk towards the normal elevators. You start to turn, but I just gently tug your hand and continue walking. We walk back to the VIP elevators and after we show the security guard my key, we are allowed to go to Villa 28. You guessed it, Villa 28 is on the 28th floor. The 15,000 square foot room is like something out of a movie. As we explore the villa we are slowly shedding our clothes. When we reach the master bedroom I walk you into the bathroom and into the steam shower.

Those lips that started this entire adventure in your contest are so kissable. I lean in and give you a deep, slow, kiss that has us melting in each other's arms. We explore every inch of each other's bodies. I turn you around and kiss your neck and shoulders while my arms are wrapped around you. You gently rock back into me can feel my rock hard cock. You grind into me while I lean your head one way and kiss your neck. While I want to nothing more than you make you cum right there, I want to take you to bed even more.

I lift you up carry you into the bedroom.

We lay down on the bed facing each other.

We keep kissing. Your lips are ridiculously soft and oh so kissable. I literally could kiss you for hours. And if I am lucky, I will get to do just that.

My hand is caressing your back while your hands find my cock. Your gentle touch is sending shockwaves through my body. You have gotten me so aroused that I feel like my cock cannot get any harder. You can feel the heat of the blood rushing through me.

My touches to your back and ass are having similar reactions from you. I am exploring every curve of your amazing body. I want to discover every inch of your body and send you into a sensory overload that will hopefully end in earth-shattering explosions. 

I half roll you onto your back.

While still kissing you, my hand slides down from your luscious boobs, to your tummy, and then finally to your pussy. This exploration of your body is slow and deliberate. We have all night and I do not want anything rushed.

While we are both enjoying the soft touches, I can start to feel a need for more, and I know you are feeling it to. I slide my hand down your tummy until my hand rests on your pussy.

Two of my fingers slowly spread apart your lips while another finger finds your clit.

You catch your breath just a bit and I feel your back arch. I know exactly what you are feeling - it is a combination of excitement and a bit of being scared. Being intimate for me is just that - intimate. 

The electricity happening between us is something we can both feel.

I love kissing you so much, but I take my mouth from yours and start to softly kiss your neck, your shoulders, and eventually your nipples. My tongue is circling your nipple as my fingers continue to make slow circles on your clit.

I go back up and we kiss some more. As my mouth leaves your nipple you let out a little sigh. I hate leaving your nipple, but the passion from our kisses more than makes up for it.

As my fingers find a nice rhythm on your clit, your hips instinctively find the same rhythm. 

I slide down between your legs. My tongue does a very slow lick from 'slit to clit'.

Holy fuck, do you taste, smell, and feel amazingly. Making love is something all senses are part of. The FEEL of the most sensitive parts of your body, the TASTE of you, the SMELL that happens when you are aroused, the SOUNDS you make when I give you pleasure, and the SIGHT of your goddess-like body.

My tongue starts to make little circles on your clit.

I slide a finger inside of you. I make that 'come-hither' motion and the amplification of sensation that happens when your G spot is stimulated is driving you crazy.

My tongue is picking up speed - as is my finger.

My other hand has slid under your ass and is gently lifting you up into my face. This is such a primal move. In this moment you are 100% mine.

I can hear your breathing start to change.

I can feel your climax approaching. The muscles in your pussy are beginning to contract. You are getting wetter and wetter.

You reach down and grab my hair as your first orgasm is right there.

Your toes curl, your back arches a little more, you clench down on my finger.

I stop licking your clit and start sucking it instead. I am creating suction with my lips while my tongue darts back out and finds your clit.

You scream, thrash, and spasm as you have a world rocking climax. Your arms are slamming down into the mattress as you scream "OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"

The waves of pleasure are rolling through your entire essence - you plateau - you come down a little - and then I flick your clit again - lifting you to an even higher plateau.

My tongue slows down on your clit - until you reach the point of where you cannot handle it any more.

I let you catch your breath as I crawl back up next to you.

You lean over and kiss me. Your lips are quivering as you come back down from your high. Your hand reaches down and feels me harder than I was before - I do not know how this is even possible. I NEED your touch.

Our kisses start gentle, but quickly escalate to have more passion. Your body is recovering and mine is about to lose control.

You look into my eyes and softly say "your turn". All I can think is "thank you god".

You slide down between my legs.

Your mouth and tongue are working magic on me. I have no idea what exactly you are doing at any one moment because I am lost in ecstasy. I feel lost - and I love it. I bring myself back to the moment.

I can feel your tongue flicking that spot on the bottom side of my cock right below the tip. You have somehow found the spot that drives me insane. I reach down and stroke your hair.

My breathing starts to change and you STOP! You say "I need to feel you inside of me NOW". Who am I to argue??

You climb up and straddle me. You ever so slowly lower yourself only my cock.

Of all the feelings in the world, this is the best - that moment when two people join for the very first time.

You go all the way down on my cock and start grinding. You can feel me filling you up while also rubbing your clit on me.

My hands start on your ass and they slowly move up your back. You are totally focused on riding my cock - I can only hope that my touches are enhancing your pleasure. My arms caress your back, your arms, and ultimately make it to your front and caress your boobies.

You lean towards me a little more. I lean forward and suck on your boobies. You throw your head back and enjoy the double sensation of having your nipples sucked on and my cock buried deep in your pussy.

You lean back down and we kiss. We kiss while I take over a little and start to pick up some speed. You are up on your knees a little while I pound deep inside of you.

We make love like this for a few minutes until I ask you to get on all fours at the side of the bed.

With your feet coming off the side of the bed, I get between your legs, grab your hips, and slowly position my cock at the entrance to your pussy.

I pull on your hips slowly bury my cock deep inside of you.

The time for making love is gone - we both have an animalistic desire that needs to be quenched.

My balls are slapping on your clit as I pump inside of you. My thrusts are deep. My speed is varied. But as we get more excited, my pace increases.

Speaking of your clit, I reach around with my left hand and start playing with it while pounding into you.

You are going crazy!! Your legs are shaking and I can feel another climax for you building.

As I slide in and out of you, I pick up the pace on your clit and then it hits - you have another HUGE orgasm.

Your orgasm is the thing that is finally going to push me over the edge. Your pussy is twitching and basically grabbing my cock as you ride the wave of an orgasm that seems to last a minute.

You can feel that I am right there - and once again you STOP!

My god, I am about to burst and you have nearly made me pass out. I need to cum and I need to cum NOW!

You push me down on the edge of the bed and get between my legs once again.

You start working my cock while tickling my balls with your hand. Now it is my turn to feel two amazing sensations at the same time.

I am right there - I yell/scream "CUMMING" - totally expecting you to stop sucking and jerk me to completion. NOPE.

You pick up your speed and suck down every single drop of my cum. I am totally lost in heaven. My eyes have rolled back into my head. You keep working my cock until I am 100% spent. That was the most earth-shattering orgasm I have ever had.

I fall back down onto the bed.

You lay next to me with your leg across mine and your head resting on my chest.

As our pulses come back to a normal pace we are totally satiated. 

HOWEVER, the chemistry we have created is crazy - even as we should be resting, the start of a fire that will soon turn into a blaze of passion begins anew.

I ask you "steam shower, sauna, or Jacuzzi tub?"

You look at me and say ...

Chapter 2 is coming soon.