 I was just walking by her house, still with all my training gear on, and I saw her playing with her kid. I smiled, lifted my hand and waved in a friendly manner. She immediately turned around and said in a low voice, loud enough for me to hear her.

"Emil, tattooed people are dirty, stay away from them. Come, let's go back into the house."

"Wow, someone needs to get laid," I muttered with enough volume for her to hear me, too.

"Excuse me?"

"I thought we were all speaking our minds here," I said with a wolfish grin.

"Are you dirty?" Emil asked me.

"Well, I play dirty, sometimes," I looked up at her mom and my grin grew wider when she blanched. "But I'm all clean! I'm coming back from the gym, but I took a shower!"

"Like cheating?" The kid asked me innocently, but the question was too good to pass up.

"Not really my style, but I guess I'm OK with others cheating," I didn't fail to look up at his mom.

"Do you know the cheating codes for Destiny?"

"I think Destiny doesn't have cheat codes, man," I ruffled his hair. A plan popped up in my head, "but you know the Mars missions, right?"

The woman looked at me with genuine curiosity. The kid looked up at me in awe. Apparently, he thought I was cool, and me playing Destiny was beyond awesome. He asked with big eyes, "yeah?"

I looked at his mother dead in the eye as I said something that had entirely different meanings for each one of them, "I really know my way around the Valley of Kings, I'm just a master of the Black Garden. I go there, and by the time I've finished unloading my weapon, they're just laying there, destroyed, in a pool of their juices."

I know it was crass, not delicate, more than forced... but the true meaning only reached the target I had intended. The woman was trying to stare daggers into me, but she choked a little.

Emil almost jumped, "oh, you mean the 'Aim for the juicebox' bounty?"

"That's the one, man," I grinned at his mom.

"Mom! Can he come in? We have to play!"

"I'd love to cum in, if that's all right with your lovely mom," I kept flashing my smile, I couldn't help it.

Well, kudos to the kid, he convinced her.

"Tell you what, man," I told Emil, "fire up the console and I'll be there in a second."

As soon as the kid left the living room, the woman, who I noticed was a total hottie whenever she didn't have her disgusted expression on, placed an accusing finger on my chest.

"What do you think you're doing?"

If I was reading her right... I took my shirt off. She gasped. Apparently, it had been a long time since a guy with a six pack had been in front of her less than a foot away.

"My husband won't tolerate this!" She looked at my abs, then at my face, the stern expression faltering. Then she stared at my tattoos with interest.

"Won't tolerate what?" I kicked my running shoes off and unbuckled my shorts. I managed not to laugh when she wet her lips with her tongue absentmindedly.

"You... being... here," she was losing the ability to think straight way too fast. I guessed Emil's dad didn't do this woman justice often enough. I wrapped my arms around her and with a swift movement, got rid of her sundress. Damn fine body.

"Oh, you'll love when I get there, don't worry," I said with a hint of a smile.

"You filthy animal!"

She had backed up to the table behind her, and had spread her legs slightly as she said that. If she wanted to blame me and feign I was going to take advantage of her, cool. I was up for that. I grabbed my crotch and her eyes immediately went down, her mouth opened a little.I took her by the hips and turned her around, bent her over the table and yanked her panties down, "if you're gonna call me a filthy animal, I'd better earn it."

I gave her a long lick, her pussy was flooded and I hadn't even started. But then I went further up and licked her asshole. A trembling exhalation escaped her lips. Nobody had done that, huh. I began to lick her puckered hole while two of my fingers went in and out of her vagina. And holy fuck, she was not the first mom I had ever been in, but she was sure as fuck the tightest. I had just began to enjoy it when she said, "my husband will be here soon, like... twenty minutes."

"I can eat you for twenty minutes, no problem," I honestly said.

"Well, as long as you don't stick it in me..."

Message received loud and clear, "oh, that would be wrong, wouldn't it?"

"That'd be very wrong, yes," she nodded. I pulled my shorts down and her eyes opened with anticipation.

"Too bad I don't mind playing dirty," I added before pulling my boxer briefs down. Since I'm within the average size, I honestly didn't expect her to silently mouth the words "oh my god". Husband must be damn small.

I lifted her up, placed her on the edge of the table and thrusted my hips forward. Then stopped the moment I had half of my dickhead inside of her.

She gasped with outrage, "what do you..?"

"Just start it, I'll finish it."

"What kind of woman do you think I am?" Even though those were the words that came out of her mouth, she pressed her hips forward, engulfing my cock with her surprisingly snug pussy. I grimaced with pleasure.

"The kind of woman that hates tattoos because she hasn't gotten a good dicking by a tattooed guy before," I said. Then, I started to thrust. She looked at me in disbelief, and a hint of anger was there.

"You brute!"

I fucked her harder.

"You beast!"

I rammed my length in and out of her harshly and she began to tighten around me.

"You... augh!" Her insult died in her mouth when I thrusted upwards, aiming for her G-spot. She slapped me, and I was about to go hardcore on her, when her whisper shocked me, "nobody had ever made me cum so fast..."

I began to fuck her for all I was worth. She looked at me in outrage and pleasure as her pussy tried to milk my cum. Fuck it. I was already the bad guy in the story.

"Better fuck your husband good tonight," I advised, "because Emil is going to have a baby brother soon."

She gasped, "don't you dare! I would never..."

She tried to threaten me, but she was fucking me back. Hard. Her mouth wouldn't close, she just looked at me with a frown, but her lovely mouth was still in an "o" of pleasure. When I came in her, she bit her lip and threw her head back in a second smaller orgasm. I never stopped thrusting, giving her my milk in and out, some spurts were delivered in deep, others, not so much. I let her ride her orgasm for as long as I could. 

I pulled out softly and helped her down from the table. The beast had exited the building. I helped her get dressed and then I hastily donned my clothes. I wrote down in a piece of paper something and called up.

"Emil!"

The boy rushed down the stairs, "are we gonna go against Crota?"

"Actually, your mom wanted to know more about Destiny, and I had to explain her everything, the super charge and all. But it got too late, and I've gotta go."

"Oh, I see," he looked a little bummed I hadn't played with him.

"Buuut, I'm leaving you my PlayStation ID so you can add me. I was telling your mom it's so awesome that you might have a brother to play with."

"Am I going to have a brother?" Poor guy was getting too much info all at once.

Her mom looked at the calendar, then her eyes got big as saucers. 

"Maybe, Emil. Maybe," she half-whispered. Then, she looked at him, "why don't you say goodbye to your new friend..?"

I extended my hand towards Emil, "FireDemon444.″

I waved goodbye and walked out the door. 

Nope, ma'am, you ain't getting my name. You wanted a dirty tattooed guy? You got it.