 Kayla was a 25 year old post-graduate student studying for her PhD at a well known English university. Studying required a great deal of her time and left her with a very unsatisfactory social life. She had been unable to keep a relationship going for more than a couple of weeks because she had so little time to meet up with any of the men she met and they grew bored.

Kayla shared a house with her good friend Daisy who she'd known since she first left home for university seven years previously. Daisy was no longer a student, she was happy with having her BSc and had no intention of studying again for the foreseeable future. She was too busy working during the day and having fun at night with her seemingly endless string of boyfriends. Kayla could barely keep up with her and felt a hint of jealousy because there was nothing she'd like more than to have some fun. But, she knew she had made her choices and she was almost finished with her PhD. Almost...

It was a Thursday night and as usual Daisy was out having fun, no doubt with another new man Kayla thought. She had been invited out but as usual declined the offer as she had too much work to do. Kayla was in bed, half asleep when Daisy returned home. She was obviously drunk, Kayla thought to herself, because all she could hear was giggling and things being knocked over in the kitchen. Nothing sounded broken though, and Kayla couldn't help but smile to herself as she thought of Daisy tiptoeing around down there conscious of the fact that her friend would be sleeping.

A few minutes later Kayla heard footsteps on the stairs and hushed voices. She knew that this meant Daisy had brought home her latest conquest, and sighed. She had a good idea what would happen next...

She was right. Within a matter of minutes, she heard some low moans coming from Daisy's bedroom which just happened to be adjacent to her own. Luckily Daisy's bed wasn't against the adjoining wall - Kayla could hear enough as it was without the headboard banging against the wall too. Daisy had forgotten all about being quiet and was moaning loudly, while her companion was grunting too. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me harder, right there! Yes!" came Daisy's voice through the wall.

Kayla felt her pussy tingle, and couldn't help but reach down and stroke it. Hearing them fucking was turning her on. It didn't help that it had been absolutely ages since she'd had a good fucking herself. She felt a little guilty getting herself off listening to her friend being fucked, but it wasn't like she could choose not to hear what was happening. As she heard her friend shouting out that she was coming, Kayla felt her own orgasm building and moaned softly as she came.

The next morning, Kayla showered put her dressing gown on, her hair wrapped in a towel. She went downstairs to get some breakfast, and was surprised to see Daisy and her new guy already eating. It was 7.30 am and usually Daisy slept in until the latest possible time before rushing to get ready for work, so this was an unusual sight. Kayla felt a little embarrassed in front of this stranger, wearing her dressing gown and nothing much else, but she carried on and fixed herself breakfast. She sat at the table with them and they all made small talk. Daisy looked really happy - no surprise after last night, Kayla thought. The guy was called Daniel and he was 28 and an accountant. He was pretty good looking, Kayla thought. Most of the guys Daisy brought back were, though - she was a good catch and could quite easily take her pick of men.

Kayla got herself ready for studying and booted her computer up. She had a big desk in her bedroom which was full of scrawled notes and books. Kayla wasn't exactly the most organized person, but she felt it was organized chaos because she knew where everything was. She'd brought a cup of coffee up with her and she set it down on the desk. Once her computer was ready she began work, typing away.

She was surprised when she heard a knock on her door an hour or so later, and called out, "Come in," expecting to see Daisy. Instead it was Daniel, asking if she'd like a fresh cup of coffee. She gladly accepted his offer and casually asked him if he had the day off work as she'd expected him to have left at the same time as Daisy. He told her he'd booked a long weekend off work and asked if it was okay for him to stay in the house while Daisy was out. 

Before Kayla had a chance to answer he added, "If it's a problem please just say so, I won't be offended." Kayla assured him it was fine, and he went off to make the coffee. She decided maybe she should have a bit of a break from studying, she felt like she'd reached saturation point and wasn't making much progress. She joined Daniel downstairs in the kitchen and asked if he'd like to watch a DVD with her. He apologized for interrupting her study session and she laughed it off, saying she'd spent far too much time studying and could use a bit of time off. He asked what movie she had in mind and she told him he could choose.

They went into the living room and browsed the stacks of DVDs. There was quite a selection to choose from and Daniel asked if they could watch Ratatouille, the Pixar movie. Kayla laughed at his choice, saying she'd expected him to choose an action film or something like that, but that she was glad he'd chosen this one - it was one of her favourites.

They sat next to each other on the sofa, laughing through the film. Kayla couldn't help but think they had quite a lot in common - they definitely shared the same sense of humour. Her mind started wandering, much to her annoyance because she knew nothing could happen between them - after all, he was her best friend's guy. They sat talking after the film ended and Kayla was sure the eye contact he was making was lingering. She looked into his eyes and he brushed a stray stand of hair away from her face, stroking her cheek in the process. They sat like that for a minute or so, until Kayla broke the gaze. She blushed and mumbled something about coffee and he told her to stay there, he would make it. Kayla didn't even want a coffee, she just couldn't think of anything else to say because she'd been so close to leaning in for a kiss... 

Daniel returned a few minutes later with her drink, and again sat beside her. He appeared shy too, not really knowing what to say after their little moment. Kayla sipped her coffee and he started asking her a few questions about her PhD. She knew he was just being polite, so she didn't bore him too much with the details. She asked him how he met Daisy and he told her they'd met in a club a few weeks earlier, then bumped into each other again the night before. He told Kayla he didn't think Daisy wanted much more than a bit of fun, whereas he was more interested in a relationship but didn't think Daisy was the girl for him in that respect. Without thinking Kayla blurted out, "it sounded like you both had fun last night," and Daniel blushed and apologized for the noise. He then told Kayla it was a shame he hadn't met her last night as she was far more his type than Daisy. 

Kayla was thinking about what Daniel had said when her phone beeped. She reached for it and saw a message from Daisy. It read: "Hey hun, think Daniel is really into you, why don't you spend some time with him - I won't mind a bit! ;-) D xx"

She raised her eyebrows and looked at Daniel. He was intrigued about her message, and she showed him it. He laughed, and said, "She's right about that."

Again they looked into each others' eyes and this time Daniel leaned in to kiss Kayla on the lips. She froze for a second, then reciprocated. His soft full lips felt amazing on her own, he was a really good kisser. Their kisses grew more passionate and soon he was kissing his way down her neck, lifting her T-shirt off over her head and unfastening her bra. Standing up, he pulled her close to him and she could feel his stiff cock pressing against her hip as he kissed her again. He took her tits in his hands and gently squeezed them, making Kayla gasp. It had been so long since she'd been with anyone like this and it felt so good.

She reached for his belt, unbuckling it and unbuttoning his jeans, letting them fall to the floor. He wasn't wearing any underwear and his cock was standing to full attention. It was about 8 inches long and quite thick. Kayla took it in her hand, feeling its warmth. She pulled his foreskin back slowly, revealing its shiny head and making Daniel gasp with pleasure. She gently pinched the head between her finger and thumb before stroking his cock along its length.

After a few strokes up and down the shaft, Kayla dropped to her knees in front of Daniel and tentatively took his cock in her mouth. Daniel steadied himself against the bookcase as she ran her tongue over the head and began slowly sucking his cock. He reached down to move her hair out of the way so he could see her as she worked on his stiff dick, watching as she gradually took more and more of him into her mouth. She took his balls in her hand and gently squeezed them as she sucked his cock, which made Daniel rock his hips back and forth, pushing more of his cock into her mouth. Kayla moaned onto his dick, sending sexy vibrations along it which felt so good they made Daniel shiver.

Kayla slowly let his cock slide out of her mouth after five minutes or so, leaving him covered in her saliva which made his cock glisten. She could taste the saltiness of his pre-cum and she felt her pussy ache with a longing to cum. Daniel sat her down on the sofa and spread her legs apart, kissing her inner thighs, teasing her. She could feel the hotness of his breath on her pussy lips and it made her spine tingle. Ever so slowly he parted her lips with his thumbs and inhaled her sexy scent. He could see how turned on she was and his cock twitched as he breathed her in. 

He lightly licked her pussy from the tight hole to her clit in one smooth movement, and Kayla shivered and moaned at the sensation. He repeated it a couple more times, a little faster, then pushed his tongue inside her wet hole. Kayla was moaning loudly now, it felt so fucking good. Daniel reached a hand up to her gorgeous tits and pinched each nipple in turn as he wiggled his tongue around inside her. He then focused on her clit, tonguing it in circles and flicking his tongue all over it. He was encouraged by Kayla grabbing his hair and pulling it, and he started to suck her clit, rolling it around with his tongue. It was only a matter of moments before Kayla tensed up and came in his mouth, flooding it with her sweet juices. She let out a loud cry as she came and her legs shook. Daniel slowly licked her cum soaked pussy as she recovered from her orgasm, licking her clit every so often giving her little aftershocks.

Daniel sat next to Kayla on the sofa, his cock throbbing, and gestured for her to straddle him. Kayla climbed onto him, kissing him deeply on his lips, tasting herself on them. He held his cock in his hand as she lowered herself down onto it, her slippery wet pussy lips parting to allow his cock entry into her. He felt her tight pussy stretch to accommodate his sizable cock, coating it in her cum. Her pussy felt so damn good, it was really tight and wet. Kayla took it slowly so she could adjust to the size of him. It had been so long since she'd had a cock in her and even though she was really turned on it took a bit of getting used to.

Kayla moaned as she slid down further onto Daniel's cock. Finally he was balls deep in her, and she stayed still for a minute as she got used to the feeling. Daniel was playing with her tits, sucking on them and squeezing them, making her shiver. She squeezed her pussy around his cock and felt it twitch in response. She began to ride him, slowly at first then faster. Soon she was fucking him hard and taking all of his thick cock into her. Daniel was grunting as she went wild on him, her hot tight pussy was too much to handle. He lifted her off him and stood up, took her by the hand and positioned her so she was bending over the arm of the sofa, her legs spread wide for him. He took hold of her hip and used his other hand to rub his cock along her wet slit, grinning to himself as he heard her gasping. He teased her like this for a couple of minutes, until she was literally begging to be fucked.

"Oh, fuck me!" Kayla was saying. Daniel continued to tease her pussy, grabbing one of her ass cheeks in his hand and squeezing it hard. Kayla was gasping and kept begging to be fucked.

"So you want me to put my big, hard cock into that tight hole do you, Kayla?" asked Daniel. 

Kayla yelled, "Yes, fuck me, I need your cock in me, make me cum on your cock!"

He literally shoved his thick hard cock deep into her, all the way in with a single thrust. Kayla cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain, feeling as though he was almost splitting her in half but simultaneously hitting her G spot perfectly. He pushed as hard as he could even when he was all the way inside her, his balls bashing against her. She let out a really loud moan as she felt the head of his cock pushing against her cervix.

Daniel started to fuck her hard and fast, completely filling her pussy with his cock each time he thrust into her and making her yelp. He slapped her ass a few times, leaving it red. She could hear him moaning loudly as he fucked her and she reached down to play with her clit, circling it with her fingers as he pounded her pussy. Suddenly she was cumming on his cock, drenching it with her cum and making him cry out at the same time she did. 

Feeling her pussy convulsing on his cock was all it took for Daniel's own orgasm to begin. He pushed as deep as he could into her, holding onto her hips, and released his sticky white cum into her pussy, grunting as he did so. Kayla cried out as she felt his cock twitching inside her, knowing he was filling her with his cum. It took a couple of minutes for his cock to stop twitching and when it finally did, he slowly pulled it out of her, opening the floodgates. Their combined cum was running down Kayla's leg and she grabbed her T-shirt to stem the flow, making them both laugh. 

Kayla was glad she'd taken a break from her studying, it had definitely been just what she needed...