 I work for a major electronics firm and do a bit of traveling to present our products to prospective customers. The beginning of the week had me traveling from my home base in NC out to Oregon. Usually I make these product presentations myself but this was going to be a huge deal and the Corporate Sales Manager told me he would like to tag along. No problem, the more the merrier.

I had a reservation at a Holiday Inn near the facility I was going to and when I went to check in with our Sales Manager they informed us they were sold out but could give us a room with two queen sized beds. It was only going to be for two nights so no big deal. RIGHT?

The first night I came out of the bathroom drying off from my shower. I was also going to shower in the AM but I felt scummy after sitting on a plane all day and wanted to clean up before we went out to dinner.

I was walking over to my suitcase lying on one of those chrome luggage stands most hotels and motels provide and Jim, my Sales Manager, said, "That's a nice tool you have there," while he was staring at my soft cock.

I didn't know how to respond so I just said, "It's only seven and a half inches hard so it's just adequate, certainly nothing even close to those talked about on the Internet." and kept on to the luggage rack. He was sitting on the end of his bed and I had to walk past him to get to my suitcase and as I went past him he reached out and lightly touched my still soft cock. Mmmmm, I had no idea he went this way but his actions told me otherwise. I turned to him with my cock about a foot away from his face and he grabbed it lightly and pulled it to his face.

He didn't say another word but opened his mouth and took my still soft cock in a few inches. I was still so soft he got at least four or five inches buried before I began to 'rise to the occasion'. The harder I got the less he could deep throat and by the time I was fully hard he only had about three inches touching the back of his throat. He then began to pump my cock as if it was the first one he ever had sucked and it didn't take long and I was shooting one load after the other deep down his throat. He was moaning with his enjoyment of what he had done and I just smiled down at him as he pulled his mouth off so he could lick up my come that was all over the head of my cock.

I'm thirty-one and he is in his early sixties and I didn't see what he was doing while he was deep throating me but I then looked down and could see him beating his meat fast and furious. It was only a few minutes after my orgasm that he had his and was shooting all over the place.

He said, "Tom, I hope you don't think any the less of me for doing that. I have wanted to suck you off since the first day I saw you." 

I replied with, "Not at all Jim. I must say that you did a great job on my cock. Let's go find a good place to eat other than you eating me again." I said with a laugh.

Dinner was great and afterwards we went up to the room to cover what I was going to present to the prospects the next morning. Once again he grabbed my seven and a half inches and pulled it to him as I was getting my suit off.

"Jim. I really would rather fuck your ass than get another blowjob. What do you say?"

"Oh God Tom, I did that for a guy one time and it nearly split me open and he wasn't anywhere near as big as you."

I responded with, "How about if I just put a few inches in and then jerk off and shoot up your ass that way?"

"Well, OK if you promise to stop if the pain is too much for me." 

I had him take me in his mouth to get my cock wet with his saliva and then had him lie on his back with his legs in the air while I positioned my cock in front of the lips of his ruby red ass. I gave a little push and his ass simply retreated from the intrusion so I pushed a lot harder and slid into him a couple of inches.

"Tom, that hurts a lot. Don't go in any further."

"OK." and I started to pump what I had buried. About every third or fourth thrust I slid in another fraction of an inch until I had a solid four or five inches in his tight asshole. All the time I was doing this he was feverishly jerking off and when I saw how occupied he was with his own cock I slid in almost all the way and then began pumping him deep and hard. We came at about the same time.

"Tom, I hope that pleased you for it hurt me a lot."

"Well, Jim it was terrific and I won't forget it any time I need a good piece of an ass I'll think of yours," I said with a smile.

I gave the presentation in the morning and it went over great. I walked out of the place with one of the largest contracts our company every received. 

On the way back home on the plane he kept trying to throw one of the airline blankets over our laps so he could slide his hands under it and get me going again. I kept pushing it away not wanting to get a hand job almost in public but I leaned over to him and said softly, 

"Jim. as nice as I was letting you suck me off and then fucking your ass for you I am counting on you working it out that I get put on a sales contract with a higher percentage. Particularly after the size of the deal I am just bringing in."

"You can count on it Tom. I am also counting on you not telling anyone else what I did for you in the room." 

"You got it Jim. I'll be looking for my new contract shortly after we get back to the office. RIGHT?"

He mumbled a bit but finally agreed that he would get right on it.

Well Jim turned out to be a liar. I waited a few weeks and when I didn't see any signs of the new sales contract I went to him and asked what the delay was. All he did was mumble some BS of an answer and I walked away.

I few days later there was a big meeting where our management was talking about all of the business we were doing in spite of the downturn in the economy. He mentioned the huge deal I had signed a few weeks earlier and the group roared their congratulations.

When the meeting was over I went up to the CEO and told him that I was turning in my resignation effective in two weeks and wanted him to be the first to know rather than for him to hear it through the corporate grapevine. I always got along great with him and he deserved better than that. 

He was really shocked and asked why I was leaving. I told him that I had received an offer of a sales contract with much better financial arrangement for me from another company in a business close to ours. He asked would I consider staying if he could match the new offer. I told him that I had pursued that with his Corporate Sales Manager with no luck but I would sure listen to his counter offer. As I was saying this I looked over at Jim and he was almost shitting his pants not knowing what I was talking to the head man about.

The CEO saw Jim still sitting in the back of the room trying to make it appear that he was busy with some paperwork and called him up to the front of the room where he and I were standing.

"Jim, I would like for you to get with Tom and work out a new sales contract for him. He is our top producer and I am not about to lose him to our competition. Make him happy Jim."

Jim tried to make it sound as if it was the first he had heard of any problem and replied that he would get right on it.

The CEO just looked at me and smiled saying, "Tom, you will learn one thing from this; when you are talking about money never take no from an underling, go to the top and nine times out of ten you will be successful."

I thanked him and as I walked past Jim as I was leaving the room I said, "Get your mouth warmed up for you are going to give me a great blowjob this afternoon in addition to working out my new sales contract." I told him I would meet him at his house around four after having heard his wife was going to be out of town for several days.

He must have left the office early for when I arrived at his front door he had changed into some casual clothes and greeted me with a big smile.

"Tom, I want to thank you for not mentioning anything about my activity out in Oregon with you." 

"Oh you're welcome Jim. I might have to use that info at some other time. Now where do you want to give my cock the attention it needs?"

"Let's go up to my study. It's a great room."

By the time he led the way I had my cock out and it was harder than a steel rod. I reached out and grabbed his shoulder turning him to me and then as I sat on one of the nice leather chairs I pushed him a down to his knees to get him in line for what he was going to do next.

He was so excited he slurped at least four inches in his mouth even though I was hard and he hadn't been able to bury that much when he was sucking me off in Oregon.

Damn, the way he was going after my cock it seemed as if he had been waiting to do this all day. I hadn't wanted to cum this quickly but the heat was rising in my balls and within a few minutes I was unloading a huge load down his throat.

"How was that Tom. Feel good?" he asked.

"It sure did Jim. Now I'd appreciate your getting me a towel to wipe off on and digging out some Vaseline from your medicine cabinet. We can sit around and chat for a bit while my cock recharges. I'm going to ream your ass a bit."

He stuttered and stammered a little as he said, "Sure Tom, give me a few minutes."

It didn't take him long to come back with the lube and we sat there chatting about the new contract he was going to draw up for me while waiting for my cock to recover from the blowjob. A half-hour later and I was ready to go again. 

I had him bend over the back of the chair I had been sitting in making his asshole a perfect target for the head of my cock. I had lubed it up and grabbed both of his hips while I slid it in a few inches. He moaned a bit and I began a slow in and out thrusting while I worked my cock in him to the hilt. When I had bottomed out I started the same kind of movement I had used on him when I had fucked his ass out in Oregon.

Things were going along just fine when I heard a God awful shriek and looked over at the door of the room and there was a woman standing there with one hand over her mouth and gasping.

"Dad, what the hell is going on?" she screamed.

With this kind of distraction my cock shriveled up to plain soft and slipped out of his ass. He pushed back and went over to the woman saying, 

"Sarah, I'm sorry you had to see this." Jim almost cried. She was his twenty-four year old daughter who had just come in unexpectedly from out of town. It turned out she was going to be moving back to this area and thought she'd just drop in on her folks and surprise them. 

"Yeah so am I. How long have you been doing this kind of stuff?" she answered.

"It's been a long time honey. Your mom and I don't get along sexually very well and I needed some relief so I turned to men."

So Sarah was obviously his daughter and he was caught. She kept staring at my now soft cock and I was wondering if she was going to take over where her father left off. She looked like a beauty that I would love to fuck.

"Dad, I am devastated by what I just saw and I am about to cause you the same pain." Looking at me she asked, "What's your name stud?" 

"It's Tom."

"Well Tom, unless you want me to blow the whistle on you and him, you and I are going to get it on. Agree?"

"Sure, but I don't have any condoms." I replied.

"No sweat, I had my tubes tied some time ago. No little bambinos for me."

"Sarah, don't do this. You'll regret it forever." Jim yelled.

"What about you Dad, the only thing you are going to regret is that I caught you with his cock up your ass. Now just sit there and watch your precious daughter get fucked by the same cock you were enjoying."

As she was saying this she was stripping and stacking her clothes on the chair I used when I was fucking her Dad's ass.

Damn, Sarah had a nice body under those wraps. Her tits weren't world class but her nipples sure were. They were sticking out and just begging to be sucked. She couldn't weigh more than 120 and had a super shape to match.

"Tom, sit over there on the sofa and I am going to kneel straddling you and you're going to ram that beautiful cock deep inside of me," she purred.

And that's exactly what happened. I didn't know if the screams she was letting out were to piss off her father or whether or not they were real but either way every time I rammed my cock to the bottom she let out a huge squeal. She sounded as if she was one of those professional tennis players every time they returned a ball. She had reached to the back of my head and pulled my mouth to her tits and I did my job and flicked my tongue over those lovely nipples and then sucked them soft and tenderly.

"Oh Tom, this isn't going to be the last time we do this. You're terrific."

As she said those words her father just groaned but when I looked over at him his cock was standing at attention. Watching his daughter getting laid had turned him on.

I whispered this to Sarah and she turned and just said, "Dad, do you want to fuck me next? How depraved are you?"

I thought I would add something to this and said, 

"Jim, be patient. When Sarah and I are finished I'll let you lick the juices of her and I off my cock. That should satisfy the urges you are feeling." 

Sarah couldn't just sit there getting laid in front of him she had to add something to what I said,

"Dad, rather than lick our juices off his cock you can get your mouth over here and suck his cum out of my pussy. How about that?"

He let out a huge moan and ran to the bathroom; I assumed to heave his guts. Eating his daughter's pussy didn't seem to be on his 'favorite things to do' list.

I could feel the heat starting deep inside of me and I reached out and grabbed her hips pulling her harder onto me as I was shooting my load deep inside of her. She came a minute or so later and after letting out a screech as she settled down in my lap saying, "If my ex husband had a cock like yours and fucked like you we'd still be married."

Jim had returned from the bathroom and Sarah and I were sitting on the sofa just shooting the shit and he came over and sat on the arm of it. 

"Sarah, I'm really sorry that you had to see this. I hope you can keep it between us and not tell Mom."

"Oh, my lips are sealed but my pussy isn't. Tom and I will have a repeat performance as soon as he recharges." 

Jim just groaned and turned to me as if I could help him out of this mess. I had no idea of what to do.

Sarah reached up to my lap and began to give my cock some attention and sure enough it worked.

"Sarah, what do you think about me letting your dad give me another blowjob? You and I can get together later for more fun and games. We'll make him giving the BJ contingent on him letting you watch the action. What do you say?" 

"Geez I don't know. Watching my father suck a dick is going to be strange. I'm not sure it won't make me sick."

"Well, then how about if I insist on fucking his ass. Could you watch that?"

"For some reason I think I'd probably have an easier time of that." She replied.

"OK that's it"

"Jim, grab your Vaseline and get over here and lie on your back on the carpet with your legs in the air. I am going to do some more ass reaming and Sarah is going to watch me so I don't hurt you." That last bit was pure bullshit but I thought it might make her sightseeing more acceptable to him.

I lubed my cock and then slipped it in him an inch or so and he started his tearful complaining. I wasn't about to listen to him and kept right on with my pressure. Another big push and I was buried to the hilt but by now he wasn't about to let his daughter see him really crying. I kept on thrusting and soon developed a nice rhythm to it. I motioned for Sarah to come over so I could whisper something to her. She did and then stood and moved over so that she was standing over him and then lowered herself so her pussy was right over his mouth. She dropped down a bit more and she had her pussy lips mashed all over his face. 

He had had his eyes closed during her repositioning and had no idea what she was doing but he damn sure knew as soon as he couldn't breathe because of being smothered by his daughter's pussy.

"Jim, give her a thrill and start licking for all you're worth. That will turn her on enough that she will be covering your face with her juices in a minute or so."

All I could see and hear was him frantically moving his head from side to side and blubbering up a storm trying to get away from her. I was still fucking his ass as hard and as fast as I could making sure I was driving my cock in all the way with every thrust. Sarah was running her fingers through her hair while she was swinging her head from side to side. From the back it looked as if she was really enjoying it.

I reached forward and cupped her tits and then held tight as my orgasm overtook me. She heard me groaning and her explosion wasn't far behind mine. Jim had grabbed his cock as soon as he came to realize there wasn't much he could do, or really wanted to do, about Sarah's pussy in his face so he was busy jerking himself off and he was soon shooting a load high in the air. Three orgasms in a mater of minutes... Whew.

"Well Dad, as a young girl growing up I never dreamed a day would come that you would have your face buried in my pussy. It was great and I might want you to do it again some time, that is if I can't find big dick Tom."

"Sarah, please never make me do that again. It's just not right." He begged.

"Dad, talk about something not being right what the hell do you call a married man in his sixties caught with another guys cock up his ass?" 

"I know, I know. I'm sorry but I can't promise it won't happen again. Your Mom won't give me a BJ nor will she even let me fuck her anymore."

"Well, you better get used to the idea that I am going to be taking a bunch of Tom's time with him fucking me every chance we get. I love his cock. You might have to find another stud for your ass." Jim just rolled his eyes and groaned.

"Hold on, if Mom won't let you fuck her how about fucking me?" She asked and went on to say, "It would be great. You could have your cock in me while Tom's was pounding your ass. What do you think?" 

"Oh my God. If I am fucking you I won't need a cock in my ass trying to please a guy," he answered sort of out of breath. It looked as if he was warming to the idea of fucking his daughter. 

"Well Pops, let's have a glass of wine while everyone recharges and we can give it a try. What do you say?"

An hour or so later Tom's cock was showing some signs of interest in some more activity and Jim was sitting on the sofa stroking his cock trying to coax it into life. I could see a HUGE problem we were about to face. Sarah seems to love my big cock and her Dad's is only about five inches hard. She'll hardly feel his as compared to mine. Another few minutes and her Dad had a hard on. 

She lay back on the sofa and motioned for her father to come over and do her. He lay on top of her and fumbled to get his cock aimed at her pussy but when he thrust it in her she barely moved. She didn't seem that she wanted to hurt his feelings after all of the other embarrassment she dumped on him for his gay activity but it looked as if she was going to be moving her ass around in an attempt to encourage him to have a fast orgasm.

It seemed to work. A few minutes later he was thrusting and grunting as his orgasm overcame him. It was kind of obvious why his wife had signed off sex with him; she probably hadn't really been fucked well in years.

He was panting up a storm as he rolled off of her and just lay on the floor alongside of the sofa and I looked down at him and asked, "How was that for a piece of ass Jim?"

"Oh God, it was terrific."

It was obvious that I could be a real bastard as I asked him, "Do you have any other daughters you could fuck?"
