 It was chilly here, so I thought I’d make a fire.  I jumped from the shower and went to the firewood box, and then I realized I only had two logs and no kindling.  I threw my rain slicker over my freshly washed body and ran out to the woodshed.  I was dark out, safe from being seen.  I was struggling to balance the firewood in my arms when you snuck up behind me.  

“Need some help?”  You asked.  I jumped, spilling all the firewood from my arms.  You stood there, smiling at me, asking me the question again.  But I was frozen.  My slicker was slightly open, and you could see that I was naked.  Your eyes traveled the length of my body.  But still I could not answer you.  We both bent down to pick up the logs and kindling, when it began to rain.  I tried to hold my slicker closed with one hand and pick up the bits of scattered wood and sticks with the other.  You put one hand gently on my arm.  “Miss, I can get this wood and bring it up to the house.  A rainstorm is no place for a lady to be out in.”  I obliged you and stood up, pulling my slicker together, and started for the house. 

 “Uh, oh, uh, thanks.  I mean thank you.  I am um very grateful.”  

I stopped after a few feet and turned around to look at you.  You were busy picking up kindling and logs, rain rolling down your arms and neck, soaking the back of your shirt.  My mind raced quickly with lusty thoughts.  I turned slowly back around when you shouted, “I will be up there with enough wood for quite a few fires, miss.”   I smiled mischievously, and continued my pace back to my front door.  As I opened the screen, I pulled off the drenched slicker and headed for the linen closet.   I grabbed a towel and stood in hall drying my body.  I noticed you standing at the porch; arms loaded with firewood, drinking up the sight of my nakedness.  I motioned you toward the firewood box.  You moved slowly as I turned to finish drying off.  You made a fire as I walked into my bedroom and picked up the white terry bathrobe from the end of the bed and slipped it on.  I began to plan how  I would seduce you.

 I stretched out my towel across the footboard of my bed and ran my fingers through my hair.  As I stepped back into the hallway, I noticed you standing in the living room facing my direction, with the amber glow of the fireplace behind you.  I realized at that moment that you had the same thoughts as I did.  You smiled, soaked and disheveled from the rain and labor of carrying logs.  “Let me get you some towels and we can dry you off.  You should get out of those wet clothes.”  I stepped back into the hall and grabbed two towels from the closet.  I walked back into the living room, and there you were delightfully exposed and glistening with droplets of rain.  The sight of you was so beautiful.  I caught myself staring at the firm outline of your muscular chest and arms for just a moment, and then I walked over and handed you the towels.  You wrapped one around your waist, and began to slowly dry off your body with the other.  I seductively picked up your wet clothes from the floor and hung them up near the fireplace to dry.

I went to the kitchen and brought back a bottle of wine and two goblets.  “Will you join me in a drink to take the chill off?”  I asked.  “Why yes, miss, thank you very much.” We sat down next to each other in front of the warmth of the fire.  

“You are new here? You must be.  I would have noticed a woman as lovely as you before, ” you said sweetly.  

“Yes.  I have been here since Saturday. “

“You are very beautiful, you know.”

“Why, thank you, and I noticed that you are quite beautiful too.  Although I hardly talk to strangers.”

“I am no stranger.  I live in the cabin above the road heading back into town.  I asked about you this morning when I went to pick up my mail.  I decided I would come over and introduce myself.”

“ Well how do you do?  My name is Lisa.  What is yours?”

“Jay.”

I could feel the sexual tension between us.  One of us was going to make the first move, and I hoped you would lean in and kiss me.  With a breathy moan, I moved first and leaned in toward you.  You caught my face in your hand, and pulled me close to you.  You kissed me deeply and desperately, with unmistaken desire.  Slowly, you moved your hand toward my robe, and reached inside to caress my firm breasts.    Your towel was now loose from your waist, so pulled and tugged enough to expose your body to me.  Your erection was firm and hard, and ready for me.  I allowed you to pull my robe loose, and then eagerly, you began to lick and suck at my breasts.  You lightly touched my inner thighs and felt the wetness there.  I held and stroked your cock as you leaned forward and moved yourself on top of me.  You kissed my whole body slowly and tenderly as you moved down to my swelling clit.  There you stopped to greedily suck and lick my soft sweet pussy, making it hard and open for you with your tongue.  You sucked harder with each moan, and then you slipped a finger inside of me, moving it slowly to the rhythm of my breathing.  You moved in another finger, all the while flicking and sucking my clit with your smooth, long tongue.  You continued your fervent pace until I exploded with my first orgasm.  You then grabbed my hip and guided me over on my stomach and began to play with my ass.  You licked down my crack slowly, sweetly, very gently, rolling and flicking, creating shudders and waves of pleasure through my body.  Then you drove your tongue into my ass, and began to fuck me there as you listened to my little screams and moans of pleasure.  The sensation was so intense I came again.   Then I begged you to suck my clit again, and you did.  But you teased me this time, by slowly and gently touching only the tip of your tongue to my pussy, catching the drops of flowing juice.  You slowly eased a finger into my ass.  I begged you to fuck me, but you didn’t….    

You suddenly stopped.  You lay down on your back next to me and asked me to suck your cock.  I smiled and eagerly obliged, wrapping my lips around your thick, hard shaft.  I began to move my head slowly up and down your dick, sucking and licking like it was my first meal.  I nibbled and sucked the head, then took it slowly and completely in my mouth.  I ate your cock with my tongue and nibbled and licked the head often, keeping it clean and wet.  You began to meet my mouth with your hips, gently fucking my face.  I sucked you greedily and eagerly, tasting all of you, swirling my tongue at the end of each stroke.  I sucked hard and long until you burst inside my mouth.  I swallowed and sucked until you begged me to stop.  I rolled over on my back exhausted from the pace.

I rested there for a while, dozing in the firelight.  I woke to your gentle kisses on my neck and chest.  You began fingering my pussy, wetting me all over again.  I started to buck and grind against your hand.  Your dick was growing hard.  You sat up and turned me over.  You thrust your dick into me from behind, pumping and pistoning fast and hard.  I pushed my ass outward to meet every stroke, my pussy lips sucking in every hot thrust.  You fucked me quickly and deeply, hanging onto my hips, feeding my pussy with your hot, rock hardness.  I could not help but scream out to you, begging you to make me cum…. And you did.  I exploded on your cock while you continued to fuck me faster and faster.  You kept at it, steady, fast, crazy fucking.  I was hot for you, tired, but energized by the frenzy of your rhythm.  Finally, you broke the pace by saying, “Baby, I want you to drink this.”  You pulled out your huge cock and leaned back on your haunches.  I quickly turned and clamped my mouth onto your erection while you filled my mouth with your thick hot cum.

We both fell asleep in each other’s arms in front of the fireplace,  exhausted, pleased, and very happy.  A wonderful beginning with lots of firewood to keep us warm for many nights to come.