 Kelci and I had been dating for about a month. We had had oral sex a few times; sometimes she would suck me first, sometimes I would lick her first, sometimes we would 69. We always managed to keep from penetration, though. Then, one afternoon, as we were lying in bed, naked after just having one of our "sessions", she turned to me.

"I want to do it," she said, "I want you inside me."

"Are you sure?" I asked her. She had previously told me she only wanted to lose her virginity on her wedding night.

"I'm sure." She looked longingly at me. It was hard to say "no" to those bright blue eyes. I kissed her deeply, slowly rolling her over so she was on her back.

"Alright," I told her, "I'm going to put it in." I directed my cock towards her pussy. I don't know how it was still hard. I rubbed it on her pussy lips; they were so soft and warm. I put just the head into her. She inhaled softly and bit her lip. I asked her if she was sure one last time. She nodded, still biting her lip. I pushed into her. I could feel her hymen against my tip and I pushed a bit harder. She squealed with a mixture of delight and pain as it tore. She was mine. I was hers. We stayed like that for a few seconds, then I eased back out and pushed in again. Back and forth I went, pushing almost balls deep into her pussy. Every time I pushed in, she gasped. I could feel her pussy tightening and my cock starting to swell. I soon became a little rougher with her. I grabbed her breasts and massaged them, kneading the mounds and running my thumb across her nipples. This drove her over the edge and she screamed and bucked against me as she came all over my cock. The act of her cumming sent me over and I came inside her.

As I pulled my cock out of her, I noticed she had calmed down from her orgasm and had her face in her hands. I put my arm around her and asked her what was wrong.

"I'm a slut," Kelci said, between small sobs, "I can't believe we did that. It's so wrong!"

"You're not a slut." I told her, "We had sex, and I still love you. I still love you."

"No!" She cried "I'm a slut. I just gave it away! I'm just a good-for-nothing whore!"

"Shhhhh, don't say that. You're beautiful. And I still love you."

"B-but... (she sobbed) we... (sob) we... (sob)" She buried her face in her hands again. "I'm a slut," she breathed, "Call me a slut."

"What?" I asked her, incredulous.

"Do it." She looked up at me. "Call me a slut."

"You're a..." I paused, "I can't do it, Kelc. You're not. You've only had sex with me and it was just this time." She begged me again. After a couple of times, I agreed.

"You're a...a...slut." I breathed. A shiver went down her as I said it. She begged me to do it again.

"You're a...slut." I said again. The same shiver ran down her again. I felt my cock start to get hard and, somehow, I could tell she was getting aroused as well.

"You're a slut." I said again, without her provocation this time. Kelci shivered again. 

"No." I said, lifting her face and looking into her eyes, "You're MY slut. You're MINE. I own you. I love you. And you belong to NO ONE...but ME." I could tell this was very arousing for her; she was biting her lip again. I did something drastic. I pulled her towards me and penetrated her again. 

She gasped, as it was unexpected, and then began bucking her hips against me. I turned us over so I was on the bottom, and she began riding me. She braced herself against my chest, her nails biting my flesh. I grabbed her ass and made her push harder and faster. I could feel both our orgasms building again.

"Say it," I growled, "Say you're mine. Say you're my slut, my whore, my love."

"I'm yours," She shouted, "I'm your slut, your whore! I'm yours...I'm yours...I'm YOURS!" She screamed the last word as she came. Her screaming drove me wild. I came inside her again as she kept repeating "I'm yours...I'm yours...I'm yours..." We calmed down just enough to fall back on the bed. I kissed her passionately as my hands caressed her sweating, naked form. We broke the kiss as my lips began moving down her neck. She moaned as my left hand moved from her back to squeeze her breast. I moved my right hand to begin rubbing her pussy. She started writhing against me. I lifted my mouth from her neck.

"You're mine, aren't you?" She nodded, her mouth clamped shut. "Never forget that," I told her, 

"Never forget that you're mine. My slut, my whore...my love." She moaned again. 

"I'm...yours." Kelci breathed between moans. "Your slut...your whore...your...love." She arched her back. 

"I...love...you," she moaned as she came a third time.

"And I love you." I said.