 Where does a marriage go boring? I was 24 and had two small children. My wife had decided she wasn't into sex anymore. What was I to do?

I was between jobs, but comfortably off due to my father-in-law's dough, so I decided to go back to school. I signed up for several courses at the local junior college. My first class was English, and that's where I met her. 

She was beautiful, with blonde hair and five jeweled studs in each ear. Her blue eyes could drown a man and her boobs stuck out proudly on her small body. I took the seat next to her and struck up a conversation. I learned she was 19, had a boyfriend, and had graduated from the same high school as I had. After class we made a date to study at her parents house where she lived.

I made an excuse to the wife that night and gathered my books and notes from class. She lived only a few minutes from me. When I went in the house she introduced me to her parents, who were on their way out.

We started talking about the book we had been assigned to read, but mostly we were flirting. She would touch my arm when she spoke, and laughed at all my lame jokes. I thought about my wife and kids, and about my growing erection at the thought of fucking this young girl. Guess which head won.

It started with a hug, but before long it was a kiss. I reached around her and started rubbing her back, feeling for a bra clasp. After undoing it I moved my hand forward to cup her firm young breast. Her nipples were as hard as my cock.

We shed clothing on the way to her bedroom. She was 19, but her room still looked like it was occupied by a high school girl. High school pennants, pom poms, and pictures of pop stars hung on the walls. A menagerie of stuffed animals covered her bed.

I asked if she was a virgin and, giggling, she said no, that her boyfriend had broken her cherry six months before. I looked at her blonde pussy hair and she giggled again. She stopped with the giggling when I dove for her cunt and started to eat her out. In five minutes she had three orgasms. This bitch was hot!

She thanked me for making her cum, telling me her boyfriend had never done that for her, since he couldn't last five minutes before he came. I was sure ready to teach this young hottie a lesson or two about fucking!

She returned the favor, taking my fat cock into her mouth. She licked and kissed it, running her tongue down its length to my balls. Her head bobbed up and down as she tried to swallow my length, not quite able to get it all down her throat. All the while she rubbed my balls, trying to tickle the sperm out of them. She was not disappointed when I blew a huge wad between her lips. Ropes of semen dripped out of her mouth and onto her chin.

We smoked a couple of cigarettes there on her bed, naked and loving the afterglow of our coupling. When my cock sprang back to life, she begged me to fuck her.

"I'm usually too dry even for Brian's little cock, so can you please use some lube?" She asked. I nodded and she reached for a tube of KY that was under the bed. I took it and squirted some on my penis and rubbed it on, getting it very slick. I then rubbed my fingers in her pussy.

Sinking my dick into Kelly was one of the great experiences of my life. Here was a young girl, begging me to fuck her with the added thrill of cheating on my wife. I pounded away at her like I was a 16 year-old virgin getting his first piece of ass. I looked down to see my nine-inch cock spreading those tiny pussy lips, obscenely stretching them like they had never been stretched before. I saw our pubic hairs mingling, felt her muscles clenching at my invading pole of flesh. I was going for the fuck of my life, and hers, and I wanted it to last as long as possible.

I slowed down the pace, finally leaving my cock in her. I bent down to kiss her and she met me, hungrily. I rubbed her little tittles and pulled on her nipples, getting them hard and hear to moan. I reached between and got my fingers wet and rubbed them on her asshole. Meeting no resistance, I worked one then another finger up her ass.

It was great feeling my cock with my fingers inside her and, by the way Kelly bucked against me she was having a good time too. She screamed that she was cumming and, feeling myself not far behind her, I asked if she was on birth control. She said no, but I couldn't help myself. I emptied my balls into her quivering pussy, losing count of the number of shots of semen I put in her.

I rolled over, pulling myself from her. A huge glob of my essence dripped out onto the bedspread. This had been a monumental fuck, with the added thrill that I might have knocked up a pretty young girl.

She kissed me hard and thanked me for the fantastic lay. We agreed that, even though she had a boyfriend and I had a wife, we would continue to get together. We had many more adventures, which I will share in the future. Thanks for letting me share this erotic adventure!