 Kellie and I have been married for nearly 20 years now. We were married young with virtually no experience in relationships or sex. Prior to our two-year romance just after high school, we only dated a few people, and never went all the way with any of them. Although we had some sexual encounters we were actually virgins when we started dating at eighteen!

We dated for a little over a year and by that time Kellie was just nineteen and I was twenty. We made the commitment and had a big traditional church wedding with flowing gowns, organ music; you know the kind. When I look at the photos and think back, we were really just kids playing house.

It took some of the rockiest times of our early marriage to eventually reveal just how committed we would both become to a life together. This has become a twenty year adventure of love, companionship, and hot sexual passion. 

Let me preface the extreme detail of the coming story with a side note. The level of trust, intimacy, and pure sexual freedom that this story reveals, can only be achieved by two people who are equally committed in a lifelong marriage to each other. I believe it's this level of commitment and trust that unlocks the doorway to deeper sexuality. This committed environment is the best place to produce true and open sharing. That allows a relationship to lead places only dreamed of by less committed couples; places where fantasies can be made real.

Now because we married so young and inexperienced, Kellie and I have fumbled along in our sexual roles over the years. We picked up tips from books, friends, and our own candid conversations. But just recently I have had an epiphany of sorts. That is to say, I have come to understand that some of the shortcomings we experienced in our bedroom were due to a lack of understanding on my part. I was not fulfilling my sexual role of drawing out Kellie's unique and very female sexuality. Nor was I providing the kind of stimulation she needed to really let loose during sex. 

I can't really get into every facet of detail on this, but suffice it to say I'll reveal a little more in future stories I share with you. With all of the regular things is place, like really listening to Kellie, paying physical attention to her, and spending enough time together, I can discuss one of the roles that I realized was necessary to play in the bedroom.

As a leader in the relationship, I discovered that this extended to bedroom; a place where I had actually been falling short on directing. I needed to act as a loving guide, and even sexual instructor that would be keenly aware of her needs. It's much like a personal trainer in the gym. They need to understand where you are, where you want to go, your true limits, and those limits you have placed on yourself. A leader challenges you, and draws you out to become your best.

I realized it was time for me to take control of the sexual game. By focusing on shattering Kellie's inhibitions, her sexual fears, and her body comfort levels, I could finally draw her into a more passion filled game. It' an intentional game that I designed to stretch the envelope of her own heated desires and takes her to the next level.

Kellie has no problem achieving orgasms and she is amazingly sexy when she cums. Just watching the way her firm body tenses up, the light brown nipples of her 36D tits becoming fully erect, and finally the arching of her smooth back is enough to drive me wild. While she's cumming, her breath becomes quickened, and her mouth often opens slightly as she sexily convulses several times before coming back down from her orgasms. She is usually multi-orgasmic, and I nearly explode just watching her get off several times with a vibrator. I often encourage her to cum again and again just to watch; it's so extremely hot to see!

On the other hand, Kellie only rarely achieves orgasms from penetration alone. Since I love to go down on her hot pussy with my tongue or have her use a vibrator during sex, it's never a problem. However, this is where my fantasy idea began.

As a bit of a voyeur, I love to watch Kellie get off. Accordingly, I saw an opportunity to coach her in some penetration training. I wanted to see how worked up she could get from penetration without the vibrator or my tongue on her clit. This fantasy would drive me wild visually, while I instructed her in savoring the many sensations of pure sexual penetration. I felt this would allow her an opportunity to fully loose herself in the experience while knowing it wasn't really her idea, but mine. I felt that perhaps being led would allow her permission to loose the usual inhibitions.

This fantasy meant that my cock could not be the tool for the job. I needed to remain a non participant, and voyeur coach. I wanted to watch and encourage her to take this ride without any concern for my needs. Without the distraction of any interrupted rhythm, pattern, position, or depth, she could be selfishly guided by her own body's signals.

I know it's completely normal for women to require clitoral stimulation in order to reach an orgasm, so my goal wasn't to somehow get her to that point by this penetration exercise. But I did want to give her a chance to really concentrate on every sensation in her pussy alone. She could be in control, and set her own smooth pace in and out, savoring the rhythms, and being able to get lost in every detail. If she did orgasm vaginally from the sexy play, I also thought it might get her more in tune with her own needs during our regular sex.

With that goal in mind, I set out to purchase a lifelike plastic cock that was similar in size and shape to my own. It would also need a suction cup bottom so it could be placed in such a way that she could ride it. It would be as if she were on top and in full control. I was able to locate a high quality, skin like dildo at a local adult shop. It was close in overall size and shape to my own. Molded from an actual penis, it was slightly longer than mine, and with the exception of the actual cock head, just a bit thicker too. I thought the difference in size and shape may actually enhance her experience. I was now one step closer to pulling my plan together; but how to tell Kellie?

I have found the best time to share my fantasy ideas with Kellie is when we're both already in the mood for sex, or even while getting it on. It seems to disarm the awkwardness of opening that secret door to fantasies when one or both are not aroused. However, there is still a vulnerable place that exists in bearing ones secret desires, aroused or not; even after nearly twenty years of marriage.

One Saturday morning while lying in bed later than usual, Kellie and I began to get a little frisky. She had removed her smooth satin jimmies, and I had slipped off my boxers. We were lying close together and my cock already stood straight out in anticipation. I'm of average cock size but get very erect, and acutely rock solid! If I had laid flat on my back, our bed would have looked like a camping tent.

I began to run my hands all across Kellie's smooth skin. At nearly forty, she has the smoothest and sexiest skin I have ever felt. As I danced my hands slowly across her body, she turned onto her back and slightly parted her legs in a sexy invitation. I love it when she does that! It's a signal that she's already hot and into the action.

My hands traced every curve of her luscious body. I stopped at her tits to lightly tweak her nipples between my thumb and forefinger. She closed her eyes and breathed in from the teasing sensations. My fingers traveled down across her smooth belly and across the top of her neatly trimmed pussy. As I did her legs moved farther apart and I could tell she was already wet. She must have had a sexy dream or woke up horny, because all her signals were screaming yes! I teased her for a few more minutes by tracing my fingers across every inch of her body without actually ever touching her cute little pussy.

Then with one firm swoop, I departed from tweaking her erect nipples and slid my hand down across her lower tummy. With a smooth motion, I drove my middle finger through the center of her wet slit. I couldn't believe how hot and wet she was. As I began to spread her pussy lips apart I kissed her deeply on the mouth, driving my tongue against hers. At the same time, my middle finger drove deep into her pussy. She let out a muffled moan while we deeply kissed. I slowly withdrew my finger from deep within her. As I broke our kiss, I moved my lips across her cheek and down to her ear. I nibbled her neck along the way while rubbing her clit between my first and second fingers.

Then I began to whisper to her. "Honey, I have a hot fantasy that I want to share". I had her full attention and continued. "I'm going to be your sex coach for some special training. I call it penetration training. I'll be in charge of guiding you through experiencing all you can feel inside your hot little pussy without actually touching your clit until I absolutely say so. How does that sound?"

Kellie was so hot already that she grabbed both sides of my head and kissed me deeply. When she broke the kiss she said "Yes... that would be great, tell me more". I opened my eyes and saw that she was sporting a playful sexy grin.

As I teased her pussy with my two fingers, I told her "This Friday you'll come upstairs for bed a little earlier than usual. We'll take a nice hot bath together with candles and wine."

She already wanted to hear more and quickly replied. "Yes, uh-huh then what?" "Well" I said "We'll have a couple of glasses of wine to get nice and relaxed while in the warm tub." 

"Ooooh I like the sounds of this." Kellie chimed back.

I continued "I thought you would Honey, and while we're finishing in the tub I'll apply a blindfold to your eyes and prepare you for your coaching. I'll start with a little oral stimulation on that cute little pussy of yours, but not too much. There will be no cumming just yet."

She was definitely listening and getting into the horny details. She said "Oh you are a big tease huh? Tell me more!"

I told her "Then I'll guide you into a place where we'll do your penetration training." 

As I continued I began to increase the pressure on her clit and slid my fingers up and down across her wet opening, she was now on fire! Sometimes I just clamp her swelling clit between my thumb and forefinger increasing the pressure to a tight pinch. This sensation really gets her hot and I performed this technique as I continued to reveal my sexy plan. "I'll help you get into a comfortable position and then guide you onto your training cock." She looked a little perplexed at my comment but not upset. "You see Honey, I'm going to coach you while you ride a nicely proportioned artificial cock"

She quickly said "You bought a dildo?!" her voice was filled half with surprise and half with excitement.

I said in a teasing and yet firm reply "Yes and your sex trainer is going to have you ride it for no less than 15 minutes of coaching without so much as touching your clit even once!"

"Ohhh, training sounds interesting. I'll bet my sex coach will be watching very closely too, wont he?" she said this with a naughty tease in her voice.

I replied, "You bet he will, and he'll give you all the guidance you need to make the most of your artificial cock exercise."

Kellie snapped back, "I'm sure he will!"

I was so totally hot from sharing this fantasy that I nearly came while just brushing my cock against her smooth thigh. At the same time I was also relieved that Kellie didn't flip out and think I was some kind of deviate for wanting to carry out this little sexual adventure.

Although this was really my voyeur fantasy, I was honestly hoping she would let herself go and truly take advantage of the opportunity to role-play the game completely. Seeing her enjoying not only the game I had fabricated, but also the real sensation of every part of her training is what I set out to accomplish.

I've always derived the deepest erotic pleasures from knowing she was being pleased as well. I have always wanted to be the one responsible for her letting it go, and really getting into her sexuality. My desire was that this game would unlock another facet of her sexuality, and build her comfort level with running a bit wilder.

We were both so horny after this fantasy dialog that we literally attacked each other like wild animals. I positioned myself above Kellie and she spread her legs wide. By hooking her legs behind my arms and pushing her knees back up towards her chest, she was in position for a very deep entry. With one especially smooth stroke I slid my cock into her, full depth. She was so hot and slick!

Kellie threw her head back and pressed the back of her head into the pillow as my cock sank fully into her. Kellie's chin was faced towards the ceiling, her lips parted and tongue pressed to her upper front teeth. As I pulled back from being buried deep within her, I looked down between us and watched as my rigid cock emerged smooth and glossy with her juices. As the thick head reached the last folds of her wet outer lips I pressed forward in another firm thrust. I could feel the sensation as my heavy balls came to rest on her tight little asshole. 

She was in ecstasy and rocked her hips upward to meet every long stoke I gave her. My balls were soon slapping against her firm ass and her swollen clit was being slammed by my pubic bone as we pounded stroke for stroke. This deep hammering went on for nearly ten full minutes. In this position my balls kept slapping against her tight little asshole and I could tell by her movements that it was definitely enhancing her sensations. Finally, we couldn't take the furious pace anymore. With our bodies sweaty, the breathing heavy, and our minds fixed on the deep pounding rhythm, we came at nearly the exact same time in an explosive mutual orgasm. This was one of those hot rare moments when Kellie actually came without the vibrator or my tongue on her clit. We fell into each others arms fully exhausted from the release. We soon fell back to sleep with the great sex and a new little fantasy on our minds.

Friday finally arrived and I was so horny I could hardly stand it. The anticipation of the evening's events was giving me a constant hard on. I have realized that anticipation is an incredible aphrodisiac all by itself. I noticed Kellie squirming all day as well. Who knows what was going through her mind. Maybe it was excitement, maybe nervousness, or perhaps even a little uncertainty about letting loose.

I wanted to reassure her that this wasn't about a performance, but about her enjoying the fantasy play. Although I was the voyeur coach, I wanted her to be able to fully loose herself in the fantasy and the pleasure, not feel pressured to perform. One thing for sure, we both knew where the night was headed, and it was going to be hot! I shoes not to say much but leave her a little off balance to heighten the mutual anticipation.

Just as planned, Kellie came upstairs after turning off the lights and shutting things off downstairs. As she entered our bedroom she saw that the candles were already lit and the fireplace cast a warm orange flickering across the walls and bed. I greeted her at the door with a firm deep kiss, running one hand down the small of her back, gripping her left ass cheek while sliding my right hand up to cup her full breast.

She responded by placing one hand behind my neck and running the other down to my already bulging pants. She massaged the length of my shaft through the fabric of my jeans as we kissed there in the doorway to the bedroom. We slowly broke our kiss as I closed the bedroom door behind us. We were now into a place of fantasy, a place that was without rules except the mutual respect and love we had for each other. I have really desired to turn our bedroom into a lair of pleasure not just a place you crash at the end of a tiring day. A place where our love runs free, and every time we enter the door we think about the things we've shared in it. A couple's bedroom should be a place where the pleasures they've enjoyed and the ecstasy they've experienced in each other's loving arms is remembered and rekindled just by being there. I want it to be a place where we look forward with heated excitement to each night's passionate possibilities. 

Since I had shared this fantasy with her ahead of time, Kellie knew what was in store. She was following the story line to the tee. I think Kellie was enjoying the fact that I was orchestrating this; yet a bit uncomfortable that she would have to let down some inhibitions in order to play the game fully. She has expressed that she likes it when I take control, but I have often been uncomfortable with the role. In the past I have feared that I would overstep my bounds and in some accidental way and offend the one I care most about. However, in doing so I didn't come fully into my role as her lover and her guide to sexual pleasures. Thereby cheating her out of the experience of safely following her man into places she'd really like to go but didn't feel confident to lead on her own. It's like a couple dancing where neither leads; it eventually lacks grace and flow. Tonight in a fantasy role-play we would experience something new. 

We have a wonderful master bedroom with large bathroom attached. The fireplace is double sided showing in both the bedroom and bath. I told Kellie that I was going to start the hot water and stepped away to begin the preparations. Our bathroom can actually be a very romantic setting. With just barely enough room in the large oval tub for two people, and the double-sided fireplace casting its glow and heat across the bath it tend to be cozy. It 's always romantic in the tub together because I'm nearly 6'3" and about 190 pounds with a trim but not overly muscular build. Kellie stands a sexy 5'8" and for several months recently has been working out 5 or 6 days a week. She's gotten herself in great shape and has recaptured the great body that she had lost having our two kids. She's looking hot, really hot these days! She's always looked good to me no matter what, but it's incredible how the firm tone and loss of weight has made her that much more delectable.

After starting the bath water I returned into the bedroom to slowly remove every stitch of Kellie's clothes. Piece by piece I stripped her as she stood motionless in the center of the room. I kissed and teased her body as I slid my hands over every inch of her. Kellie's figure is an hourglass and she has incredibly smooth skin on her firm build. Her tits are a great 36D shape and topped with medium sized light brown nipples. Although not normally erect, they are highly responsive to teasing and always get fully excited when she orgasms. While standing with her arms over her head and bent at the elbow, her smooth upper back curved down to a nicely shaped lower tilt that pushed her heart shaped ass out just the right amount. Her legs smooth and long, lead up to the sweetest tasting little pussy one could imagine. She is incredible! 

About the time I had finished my strip work, the bath was just right. With the tub filled about half way, I poured in some jasmine bath oil to stimulate our senses. I started a smooth jazz CD and took Kellie by the hand. I lead her into the bath and held one hand as she stepped into the tub. Her legs momentarily parted and it was incredible to see that her pussy was already soaked. The neatly trimmed hair over her opening was wet and matted with her slippery honey. The whole game appeared to be affecting her just like I hoped it would. 

When she was fully in the tub I stood before her in the bathroom and stripped off my clothes. My cock was fully erect and stood straight out. It was so hard you could have hung a coat on it! I opened the wine and served us up a glass each. I encouraged her to drink instead of sip. A couple of glasses would be good before the water began to cool off. I purposely let the room get really hot by starting the fireplace early and then leaving the heater turned up. Kellie gets cold easily and I wanted her to be comfortable out in the open when our bath was finished. 
