 It was your usual surprise costume party; or was supposed to be. My girlfriend Kerri and I were going to meet there. 

"How are we going to find each other?" I asked.

"I'll be the one wearing the sexy Tigress getup, prowling the scene." 

I was so excited to see her in a full-body, sexy feline costume. She was "fantasy" hot and her cat side was always something we played with. 

I donned a wolf costume. Complete with fur from head to toe and striking features of a strong, alpha male. The costume zipped up in the front for convenience. There was no way to tell it was me without removing my head. 

I had a hard time finding Kerri at the party. There were at least a hundred people all dressed up. Still, I found my kitten, looking sexy as I'd ever seen her. She was wearing a skin tight body suit that zipped up in the back with a long sultry tail. Cat like ears along with the entire mask, nose, whiskers and make-up made it impossible to recognize her. "Good thing we talked about how to meet up, however brief." I thought to myself.

"Let me get us some drinks and let's have some fun baby!" I exclaimed as I left to round up some delicious and effective libations. 

Returning with the drinks we immediately began flirting and teasing each other with overtly sexual gestures and noises. My costume was nearly insufficient at hiding my arousal. I needed to excuse myself before getting more riled up and becoming lost in excitement.  

As I was leaving the restroom I saw my frisky kitten in the hall waiting. Maneuvering through groups of partying people I stepped quietly to her side and whispered for her not to speak.

"Here kitty kitty! Follow me..." Before she had a chance to retort I reminded her, "cats can't talk!"

We headed around the corner into a vacant room. 

I growled firmly, but passionately as I revealed my "pride" which quickly sprang forth. It was very clear I was a ravenous wolf in need and tonight, pussy was on the menu. 

Slinking on all fours, she slid onto the table and rolled over playfully towards me. Purring loudly she took me into her mouth.    

"Rooowl" The vibrations alone made me shiver. Kerri was always great at blow-jobs but this was different. Never had she swallowed me so deep and with such ferocity. She continued swallowing. Every muscle in her throat massaged my throbbing member, all the way from the head to 'fur'. It was an unbelievable feeling I hadn't experienced before and my head fell back involuntarily as I moaned and felt the pleasure running through me as my balls tightened and the head of my dick began to swell. Quickly, I pulled out and flipped her over so she was in the perfect submissive position; presenting her firm, tight ass at the edge of the table. She was mine for the taking. 

In a fit of carnal lust, I bit through the thin fabric covering her perfect ass and luscious swollen sex. She was already dripping in excitement. I played with her clit, flicking it back and forth with my thumb. I slowly inserted one, then two, then three fingers, making sure to rub her G-Spot firmly. Bucking and grinding as she came on my hand, the intensity was so great I felt as though my fingers could break. 

I'd never caused her to cum like this before. She instantly switched from a tingling buildup to a completely overwhelming, earth shattering orgasm. I held her up as she squirted a full, clear stream of cum onto the table. I had never seen this before and it drove my animal side wild. She went limp, while at the same time vibrating from the pleasure that rippled and pulsed through every inch of her body. 

Regaining the strength and control to support herself again I started lubing up my nearly bursting cock; a good two or three inches longer and at least an inch thicker than ever. It was pulsing up and down on its own. This was the first live squirting I had ever seen and it resulted in me becoming dangerously feral. 

With the head of my dick pressed against her engorged pussy lips, I massaged the lube up and down and let it fall into the tight, pulsing opening. I gripped her perfect ass, so willingly pushed to the sky. 

Slowly penetrating her deeper and deeper, she began shaking again. As she fell back against me, my heavy balls smacked against her clit. Moaning loudly and cumming all over my dick she squirted a second time while squeezing on my fully inserted cock. I couldn't believe it. Watching it, knowing I'm causing it, turned me on even more. 

I began pounding her with a such force as I pumped it all the way to the hilt. The intense tingling began to build again, more rapidly. "I'm cumming! Cum with me you dirty little sex kitten!" 

Cumming one last time and shaking out of control, her rhythmic contractions pushed me over the edge. Starting at the tip of my head and spreading throughout my entire body, wave after wave of orgasmic ecstasy ran through me. This was without question the most incredible orgasm of my life. I felt myself erupt and my dick surged as huge streams of cum pumped out of me and deep into her.  Filling her with more than she could hold, cum began escaping around my dick. I watched my thick seed run out and down her thighs onto the table as I slowly inched my still rigid dick out of her. 

Standing up she held her suit, catching as much cum as possible inside. Aside from the pool of pleasure juice running off the table, zero evidence remained of this encounter. 

Without a moment's hesitation we left the room and she went straight for the bathroom to clean up. I stumbled to the kitchen for nourishment. Suddenly she snuck up on me and said, "that took a while."

"...And was the hottest ever!" I interjected. "I have never seen you react like that before. And the techniques were amazing, and new. God! That was also the tightest you have ever been!" I 

"What are you talking about?" 

Just then I saw another girl dressed identical to Kerri walk around the corner. I just had my way with a total stranger. A stranger who never even gave me a clear look at her face.

"Ummm... Never mind! I was just thinking about the other night." 

She shook her head giving me a strange look. 

"Weirdo!"

We began making our way to the top of the stairs and in the room (round two for me.) The puddle of cum was dripping off the edge of the table. "What's that?" She asks.

"Shhh...Cats can't talk, remember?"