 This work is copyrighted to the author and the Unfaithful Wife Organisation © 2003. Please don't remove the author information or make any changes to this story. All rights reserved. Thank you for your consideration.

* * * * *

Authors Note: Kelly discovers that being unfaithful isn't that easy and that there are prices to pay.

Bad News, Shane Again, Captain Pryce, More Bad News, A Date, Officers Mistress, Epilogue 

* * * * *

Bad News

The admin block on the base wasn't somewhere that Kelly Farmer had visited very often. She wasn't military, just a military wife and the admin block was all about keeping the base running smoothly. So when the private had brought her the hand written note from the base's chief admin officer she had been both curious and scared. Curious because she couldn't wonder why he wanted to see her and scared because the only thing she could think of was that something had happened to Lance.

Lance was her husband and he was military and by her reckoning a week away from returning from a posting in Germany. Even thinking about his return made her wet and despite Shane's best efforts (see Initial Indiscretions) Kelly was really missing her husband.

The interior of the admin block was instantly dark after the bright Arizona sun and Kelly stood for a few moments as her eyes adjusted. It was also cool and she felt goosebumps rise on her skin. She was only wearing a loose, flower patterned dress, ideal for the afternoon heat but not for the almost chilly interior of the building.

"Can I help you mam?" The crisp and Kelly thought southern accent interrupted her musings.

"What … I have to see somebody …" She held out the note for the private to read.

"That'll be Master Sergeant Jardine; if you'll excuse me I'll check if he's free. You can take a seat mam."

Kelly wasn't used to such politeness and sat down almost as if she'd been instructed.

The private, she noticed for the first time that he was coloured, returned in moments. "The sergeant will see you in a minute mam."

"Thanks, what's it about?"

"Can't say mam, I'm only the desk jockey."

Kelly smiled her sympathy. She'd been a military wife long enough to know that the ordinary soldier knew nothing and was told nothing.

The telephone on the soldier's desk rang and after a brief conversation he looked towards her. "The sergeant will see you now mam, if you'd follow me."

Jardine's office was only a dozen or so yards away, but with military precision and just in case she was a soviet spy, Kelly was escorted every inch of the way.

"Sergeant, this is Mrs. Farmer." The private introduced her and then left.

Jardine looked about thirty, tall, grey haired and square, like he'd been built for military service. "Mrs Farmer, thank you for coming so promptly, please take a seat, would you like a drink, coffee, something cool, water?" Jardine stood up and even held the chair for her.

"Water would be nice, thank you." Kelly answered, she wanted to ask what it was all about, but the military always took its time and there was no way that she could hurry the military along. She just had to wait and bear the anxiety.

Jardine returned to his side of the desk and then phoned for her water. A few moments later the private appeared with a plastic cup of chilled water. She thanked him and sipped at the water, her hand was shaking a little.

Jardine appeared to let her finish before delivering his news. "This is about your husband Corporal Farmer …" He glanced at the sheet in front of him. "Yeah, Lance … now don't worry, nothing has happened to him. In fact he's done a first rate job, there are nothing but commendations on his file, fine soldier."

"Thank you." Kelly whispered.

"He's been in Germany on a three months stretch." Jardine looked up for her agreement.

"Yeah, three months." By now Kelly knew that something bad was coming.

"Well, they want him for longer…"

"How much longer … sorry." Kelly couldn't help but interrupt. "Sorry Sergeant, just I haven't seen Lance for a long time, he should be home in a week or so."

"I understand Mrs. Farmer, army life can be rough on wives and families, and do you have a family?"

"No." She whispered.

"I have two boys, Saul's aged six and Jeff's three and my wife's expecting our third in the fall, each child will have been born on a different base." He said with some sympathy.

"It's the peril of being an army wife." Kelly agreed.

"Right … I'm sorry, not doing my job. The base he's been at has requested he stay a while long … a whole year long."

Kelly felt herself begin to faint, another year apart. She couldn't stand that, not so long, not after she'd been planning his homecoming.

"I … I …" She'd almost the power of speech and had lost the power of rational thought. "No … that's not fair …" She eventually managed to say. "Not fair, not fair." She wanted to cry, but not in front of the Army.

Jardine sat almost rooted to the spot. "I have to say that Corporal Kelly has expressed his delight, there are additional technical grades he will gain."

"Lance wants to stay there?" She couldn't believe it, not Lance.

Jardine grimaced. "It will be a great opportunity for your husband, experience, skills, could open up a real career for him, a real career."

"Can I join him?"

"It's possible, but I can't say yes, that's for the base commander to agree."

"Let me see him." Kelly demanded, suddenly emboldened.

"It's not that easy mam." Kelly started to notice how Jardine was moving from sympathy to military again. "He's a busy man, I can ask for an appointment, but it might not be for a few days, even if he will see you."

"And there's no one else?" She asked desperately.

"He has an exec, Captain Pryde … I can ask him, only he's off base until tomorrow. Why don't you just sit there and I'll find out when he can see you."

Kelly could only smile her gratitude.

Jardine left the office and didn't return for some minutes. As he entered Kelly was standing up. "Well …?"

"The best I can do will be six pm tomorrow."

"Yes! I'll see him at midnight if necessary."

Jardine smiled. "I thought that you'd say that, report here tomorrow with this note." He handed her a slip of paper and then glanced towards the door. "I haven't said this, but the Captain likes the ladies … if you get my drift."

Kelly wasn't sure what he was saying, that Pryce would molest her or that a show of femininity was her best approach.

Shane Again

Kelly left the cool of the admin block without ever hearing the private polite goodbye. She was still reeling and confused. What the fuck Lance was doing agreeing to this without asking her. They'd only spoken on the telephone a few days and he hadn't mentioned anything other than how he was going to fuck her when he came home.

She'd been hot that night and no amount of playing with herself had satisfied her itch; the next day she'd sought out Shane and used their code about needing her lawn cutting … the sound of a car horn interrupted her. Startled she turned towards the sound. It was only a delivery vehicle, Kelly stepped off the road and onto the scrub grass that doubled as pavement.

The driver said something but she wasn't listening. Kelly just drifted slowly towards the married quarters, oblivious of the playing children and their supervising mothers. Kelly had never settled into the life of a military wife and had no real friends amongst the other wives. 

This isolation made Lances absence all the harder to bear, in all the time he'd been gone the only comfort she'd received was from Shane.

She started to wonder if Shane was on the base. There was no way of knowing short of asking at the gate and that was too obvious. She could drive into town, she knew the bar's he frequented but she wasn't in the mood for the lewd comments that always generated.

No, unless she happened to find him, she'd have another lonely evening.

She didn't find Shane, he found her. Kelly was drifting back to her bungalow, oblivious to the world and resigned to another night of the television and a bottle of beer.

"Mrs. Farmer, nice to see you?"

She looked up and then around until she saw Shane standing by a knee height gate he seemed to be painting. This was how Shane earned most of his money, odd jobs around the base and the nearby town.

"Shane isn't it?" Kelly always tried to make it sound as if she couldn't quite remember his name.

"How's the lawn?"

Kelly's heart skipped a beat. "It needs cutting." She was blinking in the strong late afternoon sunlight and had to shield her eyes to see him properly. He was wearing jeans and not much else. Kelly shivered, Shane had a fine body.

"Badly?" He crossed the way towards her, closing until he could have touched her.

"Very, very badly." Kelly couldn't keep her feelings under control. The 'lawn' was their code, if she wanted her lawn cutting then it meant she wanted Shane to screw her.

"I've almost finished here; I can be round in say a half hour?"

"I'll make sure the beers cold." Kelly smiled. She walked away on rubbery legs, her pussy was leaking and for a while she forgot why she was angry and why she needed Shane.

The half hour seemed longer and yet Shane was actually early. Kelly didn't open the door and usher him in. He set his mower in place and ran over the lawn; the plot as small and it didn't take long. It was only then that he knocked on her door, after all he needed paying.

They didn't get past the kitchen, Kelly's need was too urgent for pleasantries. As she closed the door behind them so Shane's hands were already on her body, pulling down the back zipper to her dress. She stepped out of it and then unclipped her brassier to allow her breast to fall free, the nipples already hard. 

They kissed, hungrily and Shane pawed her breasts whilst pushing her against the breakfast table. Kelly was fighting his jeans, unzipping them and pulling them down, his thick dick sprang out into her warm hand.

He pushed her across the table and then tugged off her panties; Kelly opened her legs to his probing fingers. She was wet, very wet and the smell of her sex filled the small room.

Shane drove into her, grabbing her hips and started to shag her. It was what Kelly wanted; it was how she liked her sex, hard and almost impersonal. The object was to fuck and come, fuck and come, nothing else; you could worry about pleasantries later.

"How's that lady?" Shane grunted as he worked his way deep inside her.

"Better." Kelly replied. She had her eyes closed, she always did and her hands were gripping the edge of the table. She had her legs wrapped about him and each time he thrust into her so she tried to pull him in. She wanted to hear his balls slapping against her.

"You love fucking, don't you?" Shane laughed harshly. "Like a dick inside you, yeah?" He'd learnt this over the months he'd been screwing her, Kelly was a dirty little bitch that just couldn't get enough cock.

"Big dicks … I like big dicks." Kelly grunted.

"Like mine?" He gloated.

Like yours." She agreed.

To Shane, Kelly wasn't just another camp fuck. She was a looker, as in high class, even if she hadn't have been so hot and horny it would have been a pleasure to fuck someone as good looking as Kelly. She was the best fuck he'd ever had, hard, tight and always available.

"Harder." She grunted. "Fuckin harder!" She was heaving herself against him and he could feel her stuff running over his balls. He pounded into her until she squealed his name and started that hiccupping sound which announced her climax. As with everything Kelly did, her orgasm was noisy and protracted, and as always her climax triggered his. He'd never managed to hold back once she'd started.

He emptied himself inside her, shuddering with each ejaculation, they were almost painful and then he was just leaning over her and almost for the first time they kissed.

Finally they parted; Shane couldn't resist looking at her cunt, the lips with open and his sperm was just beginning to seep out. Kelly made no attempt to cover herself. He'd been with women who'd never even undressed and had covered themselves as soon as it was over. Kelly wasn't like that, she had practically no shame and he didn't know just how far she'd go.

"Get yourself a beer." She said at last, collecting her clothes and heading for the bathroom. She could feel his stuff dribbling from her and for a while knew the inch had been satisfied.

Shane stayed as long as both of them dared. They went to bed and fucked again, this time in Kelly's favourite position with him behind her. She even let him play with her arse as she came.

Captain Pryce 

Jardine's words echoed around Kelly's head as she prepared for her meeting with the Captain, the Captain likes the ladies, well if he did then she wouldn't disappoint her.

She decided upon a knee length dress, stockings and lacy underwear. She pulled her neck length brunette hair back off her face; wrapping it in an Indian neck band she'd bought during her visits into the town to see Shane. She'd always made sure that whenever in town she had some shopping, just in case somebody wondered what she was doing.

Finally there was the favourite perfume, just a little more than usual. Of course she had no intention of actually fucking with Pryce; she'd just tease and suggest until he'd signed what ever papers she needed.

She arrived at the admin block just as the place seemed to be closing and for a moment she panicked and wondered if she'd got the time wrong.

"Mrs. Farmer, the Captain said you'd be arriving. If you'll just wait here mam." It wasn't the same private as yesterday; this one didn't look old enough to carry a rifle. Still, Kelly perched on the edge of the chair until the private returned and he wasn't alone. 

"Mrs. Farmer … I'm Captain Pryce, nice to meet you … Alright private, you're dismissed; secure the exit as you leave."

"Yes sir." He saluted and just for a second his eyes lingered on Kelly.

"This way Mrs. Farmer." Pryce stood aside to allow Kelly to pass. "I have the last office on the right." Pryce said following her down the deserted corridor.

He opened the office door for her, it meant they were close enough to kiss, they didn't but for a brief second Kelly had held her breath.

Pryce's office was bigger and more luxurious that that of Jardine's. The desk was large and made from wood, the chairs were also wooden and with padded seats, there was even a separate couch and small coffee table. It didn't look or feel like an office in a military camp. 

"Please take a seat." Pryce pointed to one of the straight backed chairs. He took up station the other side of the desk. "Now I believe this is about joining your husband Corporal Farmer, is that correct?"

"Yeah, he's been away for three months and now they tell me it could be for another year." Kelly tried to keep the anguish out of her voice.

"Actually it would be for a total of twelve months, so that means an additional nine months." Pryce had sandy blonde hair and a square face with deep blue eyes. He looked, she guessed, in his late twenties.

"It's still a long time, we haven't been married long." Kelly added tamely.

"Well military rules state that families only accompany military personnel on a full two year tour of duty. You see with the Soviet menace in Europe we believe that Germany would be the main theatre of war and that to have wives and families actually in that theatre might be bad for staff morale." Pryce sounded very business like but Kelly wasn't quite sure what he was saying.

"Does that mean no?" She asked.

"Not completely, can I call you Kelly, Mrs. Farmer seems very formal and we're almost the same age."

"That's okay, Kelly is fine." 

"Well Kelly, that's a pretty name by the way, usually the answer would be an automatic no, but there always extenuating circumstances." He stood up and walked round to her side of the desk. He flipped open a packet of cigarettes. "Do you smoke?"

"No." Kelly replied. "What are extenuating circumstances?"

"If in the opinion of the base commander it would improve the military morale for family members to be present in camp."

"And you decide?" Kelly asked.

"Actually I'm not the base commander, but he accepts my recommendation."

She could see where this was heading, or at least make an educated guess. "So what will you say?"

"That depends upon you, how well you make the case."

"Me … I have already said. He's my husband and I want to be with him." She shrugged her shoulders. "It's that simple."

"You love him."

"Very much, yes." Kelly felt herself colour with embarrassment.

"So, what's with you screwing the gardener?"

Kelly said nothing. She felt as if somebody had just hit her very hard and that her senses were reeling.

"What's wrong Kelly? You love your husband that much that you're fucking with the camps odd job man, now where's the love in that? Pryce persisted, ramming home his advantage.

"I … I …" She stammered.

"No, no, no. Please don't protest your innocence, he spent almost two hours with you yesterday, in fact you went straight from meeting with Jardine to fucking with your boyfriend, that's right, isn't it?"

"I … how do you know."

Pryce chuckled. "This is a military base; we keep a check on civilian workers, when they're on base, how long, what they are doing. It's called security. All I have to do is run through the gate sergeants report and I know when your horny little lovers been on camp, who he's visiting, for how long. I bet I could even put together a little diary of when he's fucked you."

"What do you want?" Kelly whispered.

Pryce chuckled again; the sound was a triumphant one. "You, I want you, what else?"

"I can say no…" Kelly whispered.

"Sure, wait another nine months and hope that your husband doesn't hear what a whore you can be. If I know about your boyfriend, just think how many others know or suspect something."

"We've been careful." She protested.

"Sure you have!" And this time he laughed in her face. "So careful that a dumb assed private notices … you have to start being more discerning in your partners."

"Like you." A beaten Kelly replied, her mother had always said what you sowed then that you reaped. Kelly had whored around and this was the price. She'd thought many times if or when she was discovered what would happen … well going down on a stranger had never been a scenario. 

"I'd be the perfect choice." He laughed again. "No one ever questions an officer and as the old man's exec officer I have the run of the place. I'm perfect so why don't you show some appreciation." He gestured towards his fly.

Kelly unzipped him, opening his military pants as you unpeeled a banana. She pushed them down to his knees before finding his flaccid, semi erect dick. It struck her that this was only the third one she'd ever really seen, Lance, Shane and now … now … shit she didn't even know his name.

She looked up, feeling almost angry with him when she should have been angry with herself. . "What's your name?" She demanded.

"My name?" Pryce's face was strained as Kelly caressed his dick.

"Yeah name, like in mine's Kelly." She did snap. She was angry with the way he was treating her, like a five dollar whore, and Kelly Farmer was no whore, she fucked because she liked it.

"Name, right … it's Ellis."

"Ellis, Ellis." She repeated the name as she was wetting her lips. Lance had taught her this that she had to be moist before she started on his dick. She blew soft warm air on him, feeling the dick twitch in her hand, twitch and grow. There was a power in this, she glanced up, Ellis was breathing hard and she hadn't started anything yet. She darted out her tongue, just to touch the bell head and to see his reaction. 
