 Jessica looked at her watch and sighed in frustration. 6:30 already! The happy hour had started at 5:30 and at this rate it was going to be at least 7pm before she got there. Not a good way to keep Patrick's interest in her. She'd promised to meet him at 6:00; he'd probably understand, but then again, maybe he wouldn't. They'd only been out a few times, so there was nothing to say that he wouldn't simply decide to call it off. 

She clicked 'logoff' and pushed her chair back. Slipping on her sandals – open-toed with three-inch heels – she stood, smoothed her pleated navy skirt, and gathered up her handbag to head for the elevator. Her chestnut hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and as she walked, Jessica undid two buttons on her white collared top, instantly transforming what was professional attire into something quite sexy. After all, she did want to tease the boy.

Upon reaching the elevator, she pushed the 'down' button. Long minutes ticked by before the door opened to a soft chime. Shit! It was fully loaded, and she had to pass. Jessica waved to her friend Tracy, who was stuffed in the back on her way down from the ninth floor. 

Minutes dragged past. 

She was going to be so late. 

She pushed the button again. 

Surely he would be gone.

Nothing. 

She pushed the 'up' button to see if that would get any response. 

Again, nothing. 

"Fuck this!" she swore to herself and scurried over to the stairwell. It was six flights down, but the door opened directly onto the alleyway that lay adjacent to the parking lot, her car, and her escape. 

Taking off her heels, she ran down the stairs. She wasn't sure why she was hurrying so for this boy. Granted, she liked him and he was pleasant enough to look at, but she didn't really see it going anywhere. They were too different. But it was fun for now, and for a summer in a strange city that could be enough. 

Besides, she hadn't been with a guy in a long time and it was really starting to get to her. There were nights she couldn't sleep because her pussy ached so from the lack of attention. 

Three flights to go. Then two, then one, and then she was at the door to the alley. Jessica pulled up short, and sat down on the bottom step to give herself time to put her shoes on. As she fiddled with first one strap and then the other, she swore she could hear noises coming from just beyond the door. It was a strange noise, one that tugged at the back of her mind for its familiarity and yet defied recognition because it was muffled by the steel fire door. 

Jessica moved slowly to the door, listening carefully as she went. 

There...louder, naggingly familiar. It was so close...she knew it. 

Something made her pause just before she opened the door. Beyond, she could hear a male voice say something. She put her ear to the door and could just make out the words: "That feels so fucking good, babe."

. Armed with that spoken comment, she was suddenly sure that she knew what the sound was – her head snapped back, away from the door. 

Whoever was speaking beyond that door was getting a blowjob! 

Jessica grinned to herself in the half-light of the stairwell. No, it couldn't be. Beyond that door was an alleyway – an open alleyway – where practically anyone could see anything going on. Sure, there was one nook where the corner of the building jutted out, offering about five feet of protection, but only to people on the street. Anyone in the parking lot could see whoever lay beyond the door. 

Curiosity is a terrible thing, she thought as she leaned forward once again. Thoughts of making her happy hour began to fade. 

How wicked, she thought! Probably some guy with a hooker. Who else would be so brazen at quarter to seven on a Wednesday evening? 

She should have walked away. The door to the main lobby was right behind her, and she was already late. 

But she just had to know. Somehow the idea that someone was so brazen as to have sex in public like that was terribly exciting to her. 

Gently she pushed in the bar that ran the width of the door. As it depressed, she could feel the latch give way. Jessica pushed the door open a few inches. She could see the alleyway now, and glimpse the briefest part of a woman on her knees. A blonde by the look of it, wearing some sort of sundress and high heels. 

Jessica pushed the door open another few inches – there, now she could see all of the woman. Kneeling before some as yet unseen man, his pants piled around his ankles while she lapped hungrily at his large cock. This was no porno; this was a real woman worshipping a penis that had to be at least nine inches long. It was heavy and thick, and Jessica could tell that it was quite a mouthful. But the blonde seemed eager to take it in, hungry almost to have it in her mouth. She was moaning as she tongued it, happily sucking on it, even as she stroked it with her left hand. 

It was, quite simply, the hottest thing Jessica had ever seen. Always a fan of blowjobs herself, Jessica found herself captivated by the scene before her. It was so wanton, so unexpected for its intensity and its locale, that it caught her and held her fast with its spectacle. 

She stood in the silent stairwell and watched for several minutes, admiring the sight of it all, watching the way the woman strained to take in the length of the man's shaft, the way she ran her tongue the length of him, and the way he caressed her face with his hands. Wet noises filled her ears, triggering fond memories of her own exploits.

Finally she looked up to see who the man was and gasped in surprise. 

It was Corm! It was the head of her company! 

He looked up at the sound even as she pulled back into the shadow. The wet noises of the blowjob stopped for a moment, and she could hear a muffled inquiry from the woman. 

Corm's forceful response surprised and aroused Jessica: "You can stop sucking my cock when I tell you to. Until then, let me worry about whether someone has seen us."

The response – a very enthusiastic "Yes, sir!" – surprised her as well. Jessica had known Corm had a strong personality, that much was evident from the two times that she'd seen him speak to the staff during their weekly meetings. But to see him like this, so exposed and yet so in control, filled her with a curious mix of emotions. On the one hand she was embarrassed to have seen this side of him at all, and yet she also found the entire experience intensely arousing. She'd never really seen anyone have sex – not in real life anyway. There'd been those awkward nights in the dorm when her roommate and her drunken boyfriend were busy grinding away, but lying on your siding with the pillow over your head until they were finished wasn't exactly erotic. 

But this...

This was raw, sexual and powerful and yet intimate. 

And so trashy. Her boss! With a hooker! 

She knew he was married, had even seen his wife pick him up from work once, a blonde, she thought for some reason. Monica had told her the woman's name once...Katey or Kalie or something, she couldn't quite remember. Mostly she remembered being surprised by the smirk that crept across her boss' face when Monica had told Jessica about Corm's wife. It wasn't envy, just an affectionate smirk that spoke volumes about Monica's feelings towards Corm's wife; Jessica had wanted to ask, but it was clear that it was a private joke. 

After a moment, she realized that the blowjob had resumed. Jessica lingered by the door, hesitant to look again for fear of being caught, and yet dying with curiosity to see who the woman was. 

And, she had to admit, some part of her really wanted to watch her boss fuck this unknown woman. She'd long thought him to be quite handsome; she'd always been attracted to older guys, and his combination of rugged good looks, authority, and a sense of style had proved intoxicating to her the few times that they'd interacted. Each time she told herself that she was going to be the consummate professional, and each time she found herself aroused and nervous and doing whatever he wanted...and then suddenly adrift and slightly embarrassed when he moved on to another employee or a different task. So to be given this opportunity to see him like this – especially now that she knew he was this well endowed! – without any real danger was too good to pass up. 

Before, the blonde relished her task, stroking the shaft with one hand while she swirled her tongue across the head – only the head – of Corm's cock. Jessica felt a heat rise in her as she watched the pleasure ripple across her boss' face. He was clearly enjoying his torment. 

Long moments passed as she watched them. When the head became too sensitive, she began bobbing up and down on his shaft. The busty blonde knew just when to pause, and when to press two fingers against his perineum to slow him down. All in all, the blonde had Corm completely in her power – a position of subservience Jessica couldn't even imagine for Corm. 

This woman was clearly a pro – just another reason she suspected that Corm was with a hooker. 

What would it be like, she wondered, to be that woman? To be there before him, savoring the taste of him, the feel of him in her mouth. To be something more than just his employee? To have him notice her at the Monday morning staff meetings? To have him notice whether she was wearing fishnet stockings or whether she had one button undone or two? To be more than just the new intern. To notice that she favored a Tiffany's necklace that was shaped like a small padlock? To be his lover? To be called into his office for sex, reluctant at first and then eagerly yielding to him like the women in those stories she read online.

Before she was even aware she was doing it, Jessica pressed a palm against her vulva and began to gently push down. At the very bottom of each thrust her fingertips gently grazed her clitoris, which was already aroused from the sights before her. 

The couple before her was flagrant in their lovemaking; sexual energy pulsed off them in waves. 

Jessica mewed softly with each thrust, excited to be part of their sexual experience now and not just an idle bystander. 

She couldn't act like that, like they did – raw and brazen and public. She wasn't ready and she hadn't been invited. But here, from the safety of her little doorway, with one hand furtively rubbing her pussy, Jessica could imbibe a little of that raw energy, and draw it into her, allowing her to do wicked things in her own right. 

Even if only as a spectator, she could participate. 

She pushed down harder, increasing the sensation as she tried to keep time with the bobbing rhythm of the blonde's head. Apparently it was a tremendously effective technique, for it left Corm bucking his hips in pleasure and practically begging for release. 

Jessica reached for the zipper at the side of her skirt. It was hard to concentrate, riveting as she was by the site of his cock in the blonde's mouth. They couldn't have been more than twelve feet away from her. His gasps were loud and ragged in Jessica's ears, inflaming her libido and hastening the onset of her own wet sexual sounds.

Suddenly, just when she was sure he was ready to explode, Corm jerked back, pulling his cock out of the blonde's mouth. "That's enough for now, pet. Time for your treat." He reached down and hauled the woman to her feet, laughing as she skittered a bit on her five-inch heels.

She had to be a whore with heels like that.

Jessica paused, the zipper undone, her fingers pressed firmly on her clit.

Corm kissed the blonde hungrily, a long kiss that made Jessica wet just to watch it. The woman seemed to melt into his fierce embrace, eagerly returning the kiss as she flung her arms around him. At last the pair broke off, both panting with lust and exertion. 

The young woman watched as her boss spun his prize around so that he was behind her. She still couldn't tell who the mystery woman was, for the blonde's head hung low, golden curls falling down in front of her face. Corm placed both hands on the top button of her dress and pulled down savagely, utterly destroying her dress in his eagerness to get to the woman beneath. The blonde was totally nude, and from her hidden spot Jessica could see that she was totally shaved. It was a concept she herself had toyed with for a boy in college once, but had never really pursued in earnest. At the time it seemed like a lot of work, now it only heightened the woman's stature as a sex object. 

Jessica ceased her movements and used both hands to shimmy out of her skirt, working it down and over her hips before letting it drop to the floor. Lust consumed her, overriding any sense of caution or impropriety. She didn't normally act like this, but there was something about these two that was pushing all the right buttons. She kicked her skirt to one side, and leaned forward again to watch, easily sliding her hand down into her panties.

Corm pushed the blonde forward, taking a great handful of curls in his left hand as he did so. With his right hand he pulled the woman's dress up above her waist, and then guided himself into her. Jessica watched in delight as he sunk his hard cock into the blonde's pussy, for she could see her shudder with delight, even if she couldn't see the actual penetration. The woman's knees buckled slightly before she caught herself, and a low ragged moan escaped her lips.

"You like that, don't you, slut?" Corm said with savage glee. Standing behind her, he began to push into her at a slow pace, clearly enjoying the effect he was having on the woman, who by now had her hands firmly planted on her thighs for support, bent over at the waist as she was. Jessica watched her the woman's full breasts bounce with each thrust, jiggling merrily to the force of his penetration. 

Strangely, Jessica swore she could see something sparkle on the woman's left hand. A ring? A wedding ring? She paused again in her own ministrations and leaned forward just a bit more, right until her face was flush with the doorway. The risk of exposure was greater, but she was suddenly very curious to see if her suspicions were correct.

It was a wedding ring! But then who could that woman be? What married woman would act like that? On her knees in an alleyway sucking down a man's cock like some prostitute?

As if he could hear her unspoken query, Corm spoke aloud again, "You like that, Kelly? You like the way I feel when I am behind you, my sweet slut?"

Kelly's voice was taut with pleasure, her breathing ragged. "Oh yes, baby, you know I do. Make me yours...uhhnnuh...make your slut. Just give me that cock." The blonde thrashed her head about in ecstasy, whipping her gaze up to stare straight at the darkened stairwell. For a moment, Jessica was sure the woman could see her, but then she saw that Kelly's eyes were dulled with lust and need; she was so lost in her own hunger she probably couldn't see anything. 

Fingers still sliding easily across her own clit, Jessica leaned back, surprised but incredibly turned on. His wife?!? Kelly? Monica had said her name was Kelly, Jessica remembered that much now that he'd said her name. Corm's wife was the brazen slut before her? The very idea that a married woman could be so wanton for her man was incredibly arousing – and shattered all of her preconceived notions of what marriage was. 

Her panties, black satin, fell to the floor as she moved to give herself better freedom of action. Jessica spread her legs wide and leaned forward, watching them as she tormented her own clit. 

Corm began to move faster now, plunging into her with savage abandon. Jessica continued her finger dance, noting with satisfaction that her lips were tingling, a sure sign that her own orgasm was approaching. She swirled two fingers around her labia, lightly tapping her clit, and gasping softly with each tap. Still, she needed more; she snaked her free hand inside her shirt and began to play with her nipple, pinching it gently and twisting it between two fingers, using the very lace fabric of her own bra to tease herself. 

Corm pulled his wife up into a fierce embrace, dragging her head back against by her curls even as he hooked his other hand down between her legs and began to stroke her in earnest.

Jessica was so close, her fingers furiously persistent against her clit, the waves of pleasure coursing through her body. Her pussy throbbed with desire and her nipples were on fire. Her legs were weak from the strain of standing like this, but she knew she would cum long before it became a problem. Before her, the object of her desire, Corm, pushed into Kelly once more, crushing her succulent body against his. His wife's head was thrown back in ecstasy – Jessica knew from the look on her face that she was very close too. Kelly was moaning and bucking her hips against her husband, her full breasts now filling his hands as he thumbed her turgid nipples in time with his thrusts. 

Jessica shuddered ... it was coming now ... her orgasm lay just below the surface. 

And then, something amazing happened. 

Corm looked at her. 

Right at her. 

Right at her where she stood hidden in the half-light of the stairwell, supposedly unseen to them. 

And he winked at her. 

Jessica exploded in pleasure. He knew, he knew right from that first moment when she'd gasped. He could see her; he'd known she could see him, that she'd been watching him. 

And if he could see her, then he could see her as she now stood there, naked from the waist down, bucking with pleasure as her fingers drummed out the last of her orgasm. Young, proud, wanton. No longer just his employee. A participant. 

He knew she was there and he'd let her watch just to demonstrate what she could have.

That could mean only one thing: He desired her. 

She almost collapsed as she fought to choke back a long ragged moan. One hand clamped over her mouth as she whimpered with pleasure, Jessica sank back against the wall, letting the door swing shut once more. Her skirt and panties were on the floor beside her, her shirt was open, and the small stairwell smelled of sex. If anyone saw her like this she'd be fired on the spot. 

She didn't care. What she'd seen had been worth it. She didn't know sex could be like that, so loving and yet so primal. That two people could fuck even as they made love. Somehow she'd always thought it had to be one or the other. Corm and Kelly had shown her otherwise. 

+++

"Mmm...she saw us?" Kelly leaned wearily against Corm, still feverish from her orgasm. His strong arms held her tightly, lest she collapse in a weary heap in the alleyway. 

Her dress was askew, her hair was tousled, and her makeup was totally awry, particularly her lipstick, which was smeared across her mouth from the fervor of her blowjob. She could taste him in her mouth, feel his seed mingle with her own wetness on her inner thigh. He'd used her like his whore, here in public, in an alleyway of all places. At any moment they could have been spotted, and who knew what would have happened then? Her friend Stacey had been caught having sex in public once, and had actually been arrested. 

Still...the whole experience had been amazing. From a simple kiss on the lips to say hello after a busy day to this...this place where her inner slut had run wild, acting out one of her earliest fantasies. 

And he'd let her! 

Corm had not only gone along with the idea, he'd actually encouraged it. Kelly sighed, she was so lucky to have found him. He actually understood her. 

"Yes," he rumbled into her curls, his face pressed to her. His clothes were askew too, his expensive slacks piled around his ankles, and his shirt and tie had practically been ripped off. "Just as you came I looked up and saw her. She was watching us, touching herself ... it was very hot."
