 Kelly Winters had just finished filing away the last bits of paperwork for the library. She is an intern working on getting her masters in Library Science at the college. She pulled her glasses off and rolled her neck to relieve some of the tension from constantly holding her head in the same position. 

It was almost time to lock up and head home for another lonely night. She stood and stretched to her tip toes and arched her back to further relieve the tension in her body. 

Just then there was a tap on the door. It was the security guard telling her it was time to lock up. 

"I'll see you tomorrow, Ms. Winters. I'll do my final round and make sure everything is secure. You just lock up the front on your way out. Night."

"Good night, Gus. See you tomorrow."

Kelly was in no hurry to rush home, so she sat back in the chair and leaned back. She closed her eyes and let her mind drift. When she had last had a steady boyfriend, ah yes, Michael. The quarterback for their hometown team, the Tigers. God, how he'd had such a sex drive. And Kelly was more than willing to appease it. One time she remembered they had gotten a room in the neighboring town and found a willing woman and they'd had a threesome. 

Kelly groaned, she could feel herself getting wet just recalling the way the other woman's mouth had felt on her breast and on her clit.

Kelly opened her eyes and looked around, there was no one left in the building, Gus would have corralled everyone out. So she slipped off her heels and hiked up her skirt. It had been so long since she'd had an orgasm. What could it hurt, right? Kelly wasn't wearing any panties and the stockings wouldn't be in the way. She slide her hands up and down her thighs then brought her right hand over her throbbing clit. She closed her eyes and revisited the past again, with Michael and the other woman. As she remembered their intertwined bodies rolling and gliding, the sweat glistening. She could again taste the sweet nectar of the other woman on her lips. 

She slid her finger into the sleek wetness and made contact with her clit. She was so sexually charged she almost jumped out of her chair. 

As she continued to trace that sweet wetness back and forth she could feel herself building to that moment of release. 

"Well, well, well what do we have here," a male voice suddenly broke the spell.

Kelly quickly stood up facing the man. 

"What are you doing here, the library is closed," Kelly tried to say with some conviction as she smoothed her skirt back down her thighs.

"I was in the basement doing some extra credit work when all the lights went out. But I see I've found another soul. And what were we doing here after hours, little miss." He asked as he stepped closer to her. The room smelled like sex and she could see his nostrils flaring as if to take it all in. 

"That's none of your business. You .... You need to leave, now."

"Oh, I don't think so. It looks like you could use some company."

The man was tall, at least six foot and change, Kelly wasn't short by any means, but she still felt particularly vulnerable right now. She could still feel her clit throbbing, wanting release, waiting to be finished off. She had been so close to orgasm she almost wanted to cry.

"Please, leave me alone. I'm tired and I need to go home," Kelly began picking up her things to try and make it to the door.

"No, I believe you weren't through. Please, finish, don't stop on my account. I'll just wait, that way I can walk you home. You never know who might pop up. And you're such a pretty little thing," he stepped closer and ran his hand up her cheek. 

Kelly caught her breath, it had been a long time since she'd had a man touch her in that way.

Kelly moved a step back but was blocked by the desk and was forced to sit on it. When she did so the top of her skirt slid up and revealed the top of her stockings. The man stepped up to her and lightly ran his finger across the lace of the stocking.

"You don't see these anymore," he whispered as he leaned closer. "So soft and lacy, so sexy." He continued in a husky voice filled with lust. He reached up and pulled the pencil out of her hair and her hair tumbled down over her shoulders. Kelly leaned her head back basking in the feel of his hands on her thighs and in her hair. He stepped closer forcing her thighs apart with his legs so that he stood directly in from of her with her legs straddling his. 

"If you won't finish, perhaps you'll allow me to finish for you?"

Her breath caught as she felt his lips on her throat.

"I'll take that as a yes," he whispered into her skin as he continued down her throat. He began to unbutton her blouse, she felt his knuckles brush across her nipple and wanted to scream 'Just rip it off'. And she must have because he did. Then his mouth was closed over her breast, leaving the material wet as he went to the other breast.

Kelly then realized that his other hand was working its way up her skirt and over the stocking and to her inner thigh. Until he found the hidden treasure that awaited him there.

"Oh yes, we've been a very naughty little girl haven't we, we're all wet," he bent and kissed her thigh then further and further up he went with his lips and then with his tongue.

Kelly was lost in a vortex of feeling and senses. As his lips closed over her throbbing clit she almost stopped breathing. 

"Yes, that's what my little girl wants isn't it," he continued to lick her pouting lips and swollen clit. 

"Oh god, yes," she heard herself moan. But Kelly needed more, she wanted to feel his thick manhood inside her, plundering her insides. "Oh god, please, fuck me, fuck me," she pleaded.

He quickly shed his pants and laid her across the desk. He began to kiss her chest again as he plunged into her. 

"Oh yes, oh god yes,"she cried. 

"You like that, you want more, baby?"

"Yes, please."

"But you've been a bad girl, you should be punished," he said as he began to withdraw himself from her.

"No," Kelly cried leaning up. "Please, fuck me harder."

"Harder," he asked as he slid back into her slowly.

"Yes, harder," and he buried himself into her harder and harder.

"Do you like this?"

"Oh god yes," she cried out.

"Come let's move to the couch, darling," he said as he picked her up and carried her to the old couch nearby. Kelly whimpered as he had to stop gliding in and out of her long enough to move.

"It's ok, baby, I'm back. Shall we continue?"

"Yes, please," she cried reaching for him.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh not so fast. You've been naughty remember, we'll do this my way."

As she lay acrossthe couch he knelt over her and kissed her nipples then her stomach and slowly made his way back down until she felt his warm breath on her clit. She wanted to scream and so she cried out "Please fuck me now!"

"Alright my impatient one," and he plunged into her again. Harder and harder, faster and faster. Kelly felt her self getting closer and she grabbed her knees and pulled then closer to her chest to open herself up further for his deep plunges. 

"Oh god yes," she cried, "oh yes, yesssss."

One final plunge and they both exploded, exhausted he dropped on top of her and kissed her neck one final time.

"Until tomorrow then darling," as he rolled off the couch and pulled on his pants. And then he was gone. 

Well at least she didn't have to go home with nothing accomplished that day. Maybe tomorrow she'd be in charge, hmm. But that's another story.