 "Ok, take off clothes now," she whispered to me close enough that I could feel her hot breath on my cheek. I glanced across at her and for a second forgot where I was, and was just amazed at how beautiful she was.

Kelly was the new girl at this massage parlor that I often visited for my lower back pain. 3 years ago after a major car accident the doctors had recommended I either visit a chiropractor, or a masseuse. My first instinct was to see a chiro, but the only one recommended in town was an old guy with a strange glint in his eyes that gave me the creeps.

My regular masseuse, Angela, was a miracle worker. Every time she was done with me I felt like I could live again for another weak. Her hands on my back, the tickle as beads of sweat fell from her chin to land on me, and her faint scratches at my skin and sore body reinvigorated me. She was very attractive – about my height at 5'7", and with a nice tan complexion, and strong wiry muscles that told me she'd been a runner back in school. But she didn't turn me on like Kelly. With Angela it was always a purely business, even though I noticed a few times her hands brushing against me a little closer than I'd expected or a leg massage that went a little higher than usual.

But with Kelly it was different. She was Chinese, but was very tall and skinny. She towered over me at almost 6' tall, but had fine, delicate hands, strong lean arms and legs, and perfectly shaped tiny little breasts that were always painfully visible poking through the fabric of the white tank top she always wore. She also had a face like a goddess, pearl white with big, beautiful eyes that seemed to shine when she flashed me a smile.

With her my relationship seemed to be more than just what I was to her, a customer. She lingered over my legs and arms. She would work out the knots in my back like a pro, then climb onto me, straddling me, to continue on my shoulders. Every time I came the evening went by like a blur, always extending into another time block, which she never charged me for.

But it went a little farther last night.

I came into the shop at 7, after work, and was pleasantly surprised to see that Angela was taking another day off. Kelly smiled when I came in. She was lounging behind the counter, wearing a purple warm-up jacket and white sweats.

"Hi Mike, how's it goin?"

"Ok, Kelly." I answered at first. Then the pain hit me again. "Actually, not that good." I explained to her about the muscle spasms I'd been having all day. Typing at my desk had been like a constant nightmare of needles jamming into my back between ribs and my spine.

She gave me a look of concern, and pulled her hair up into a long ponytail and led me into the back room. She buzzed the front door locked and turned the sign to "closed," but I didn't notice that till later when I was leaving.

I went into the massage room and sat on the table. She always gave a preliminary back massage before going full steam, to work out the bigger kinks and relax me, I think. And it worked. She sat behind me on the table, close. Very close. I had my shirt off only, but glanced down from time to time just out of reflex, to make sure the bulge in my pants wasn't obvious. She sat so close I could feel her all around me. Her hands sliding over my shoulders, her arms brushing against the taught muscles of my biceps. Her occasional caress of my forearms, and the slight feel of the fabric of her shirt when her breasts brushed against my back. As usual, I was rock hard before I even had my clothes off.

"Ok, take off clothes now," she whispered. It was time. She left the room to give me a second, and I stood and looked at myself in the mirror as I got undressed. I'm pretty handsome – strong arms, broad shoulders, and well-defined muscles all over my body. I have a good smile, I'm told. Then, undoing my pants and sliding out of my boxers, I saw the daily reminder of my one weakness. Pulling the towel around myself, I made sure to fasten it tightly. I guess there was one advantage to my little ... shortcoming. I could easily conceal even the biggest hardon under the cloth of the towel.

As she came into the room again, my heart skipped a beat. Kelly had taken off the running gear and sweats, and was wearing a very flimsy pink pair of short shorts, and her usual white tank top, but with one difference. You couldn't see the familiar lines of her pink or red bra-straps. There wasn't any visible indentation at all. Only two slight bumps where her nipples pressed against the fabric.

"Ok, let's get started."

I let myself lay back on the table and turned over, looking down through the hole in the table. I faintly could hear the sounds of her footsteps as she stepped up to me, then saw her bare feet through the hole as she applied some lotion to her hands. She was so tall but had small feet, almost like a doll's feet, and her pure white skin contrasted perfectly with the dark silver anklet she had on above her left foot.

For a second there was a stabbing of pain as she went to work on my shoulders again. My muscles tensed for a second stab, but gradually I got used to the movement again, and even felt better. Her hands were like magic on me. Each minute that went by made me forget the pain of today, and even forget her and where I was, how vulnerably naked I was below her, everything. My hardon subsided as I slid into a state of semi-consciousness. She continued on my back and arms, and slowly worked down to the site of my injury, and massaged out all the tension. It was incredible. I don't think I was ever that relaxed before in my life. As the minutes ran on I was almost dozing when I faintly heard he ask me to roll over.

What?

I was shocked back into full awareness, just after rolling over. I was looking up into her face now, and she had a gentle look on her face. She wanted to help me in any way possible, but somehow ... she wanted more. I leaned up a little to watch her as she started on my feet. Her grip was like a vice. It hurt for a second, then a warmth shockwave went up my leg and into my body. She had never done this before, but it was amazing. Each squeeze of my foot seemed to be a caress over every part of my body.

As she worked my feet, then my legs, she glanced up from time to time. I could see a line of sweat forming on her upper lip, and sweat sliding down from her forehead to trace the outline of her beautiful cheek. She leaned in further, then gave me a smile when she noticed I had peeked down her shirt. Kelly massaged more and more, higher and higher, still letting her body lean in to give me occasional views of her tiny breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra at all, and a few times I could almost see the pink edge of her nipples. She was liking my view as much as me, and bent in lower to give me a better look.

I couldn't help myself. I was so turned on now. I could feel a heat in my chest like the 1st time I'd ever kissed a woman. I could feel my small shaft rising to full extension, feel my hardon press into the fabric of the cloth covering me, feel it push up, now with the towel not arraigned well enough to conceal it.

She massaged further up now, scooting up to sit on the stool positioned next to my hips, leaning in to me to massage my thighs deeply. Her hands were so close now. With each push, she moved closer, now coming within inches of my hardon, now very visible through the fabric. Then, with me leaning forward to watch her, she paused for a second with both hands clenched on my thighs, and slid her hands up and up, so that they went all the way up to my stomach, pushing aside my towel. She never looked away from my face, though, until we could hear the sound of the towel as it slid off my body and fell onto the floor.

Kelly's eyes flicked downward, then back to my face, then down again. With her eyes fixed on my 3 inch hardon standing straight up, she lifted her right leg over mine and stood straddling the table. For a second now, there was no movement, then gingerly she stretched out her right hand towards my cock. Her slim hand and long fingers looked enormous now as they wrapped around my miniscule thin shaft. Again for a second she paused, her hand gripped around my cock. The fingers of one of her hands were easily enough to completely conceal it, so that not even the head was visible. I almost panicked. I almost lost my hardon completely, as I waited for her reaction.

Then I felt her hand slide around, and change positions, and felt a shudder of intense pleasure as she slid her thumb up and down just barely on the bottom of my shaft. I watched intently as she shifted her grip again, now barely holding my tiny dick with just her pointer finger and thumb. She only moved slightly each time, but it was incredible. I felt more with each slight stroke than I had felt with most women I'd had sex with. It was incredible.

Her hands grasped and relaxed now, sliding a little more each time. A thin line of precum drooled out, and she slid her hand up to catch it and mix it in with the lotion on her hand. As she slid her hand up and down faster and faster now, Kelly raised her head up to look me in the eyes. She had a mischievous grin on her face as she stared into my eyes.

Just then, her hand slipped off my cock. She'd stroked too far and her hand went off the end. She let a little laugh out, then leaned down to me.

"You're just a little baby aren't you?" she whispered in my ear. But there was no malice in her voice, no taunting. "It's so cute, so small."

Then she pulled away from me, stood back, and gave me a nice view as she slid off her shorts and panties and pulled off her tanktop. Her tits were absolutely tiny, probably about a 34A, but they looked incredible on her thin frame. She stood above me, and positioned herself so my little cock was in perfect line, then sat down so it pushed up into her wet pussy. A flash of ecstasy ran from my cock up my spine. It was incredible. She was so tight! Kelly bit her lip, then slowly rose up and lowered herself down onto me again and again. Each time she pulled her hips up away from me, my tiny shaft sprang into view, fully exposed. And each time she pushed back down onto it, letting my length fill her tiny crevice, gripping her muscles around me.

She was tall enough that she could completely control the angle with just her legs, she slid them tight into the crook in my bent knees, and positioned herself so my cock was always in line with her pussy. Every time she pulled back my cock sprang out of her completely, and every time she looked down at my dick before thrusting her hips down and around me.

She began to shift her weight now, moving her legs to the side, spreading her hips wide, as she slid up and down. I could feel her body around me, so wet, getting more and more loose with each stroke, but enough tension to grip my cock into her. I pushed up with my ass each time, to spear into her. She pushed up again, then down onto me. Kelly leaned forward to me, and my hands instinctively went up to caress her nipples, now long and hard, and massage her small breasts. Oh, goddd, I thought. I could feel her all around me.

Oh, goddd, yesss, I grabbed her to me, squeezing into her. Yesss. I pulled her tight to me, sitting up now to face her as I pushed my cock into her. She gripped my shoulders, caressing the muscles of my biceps again, pulling me to her with every part of her body. Her pussy was an extension of her hands that had massaged me so many times. She caressed me, looking down at me, her seemingly a full head taller than me, squeezing my ass, pushing me into her with every ounce of her strength.

Oh, godddd, mmmggghhh. She whimpered something I didn't understand, then gripped me tight to her, tightly pressed into her body, and I could feel a stream of juices around my cock. She gripped me to her, pushing me inside her. Oh godddd.

Then, a few seconds later, as her spasms subsided, she pulled back, just at the right time, just as the cum that was pent up inside me shot up. She pulled my cock out of her, and gripped it with her right hand tightly, milking every ounce out of me. Oh, yessssss. I couldn't think. I almost blacked out from the intensity. I could see a flash of light, as I shot up into the air.