 Even though it was Saturday night, I had decided to skip the bar scene in favor of a quiet night alone watching television. My little escapade with Kelsey the night before had more than satisfied my sexual needs for the time being. At least that's what I thought. 

I was home watching the final few minutes of the Lakers' game when my phone rang. Much to my surprise it was Kelsey. You may remember Kelsey, one of my history students. She's the sexy little number who not only masturbated for me in class, but also gave me dynamite blowjob last night? 

"Hi Kelsey, what's going on?" I asked.

"I really hate to bother you Mr. Saunders, but there's a problem with the electricity at my house and I didn't know who else to call."

I remember her saying her folks were out of town, but electrical problems aren't my specialty. "You know Kelsey maybe you should call an electrician. I'm really not that knowledgeable about electricity."

"Gee Mr. Saunders I wouldn't have any idea who to call. That's why I called you." she replied.

She had a point. She was only eighteen, and all alone. I had to do something I guess. "Tell you what," I said. "Let me get dressed and I'll come over and we'll see if we can figure it out."

It was a short drive to her house and she was waiting outside the front door when I drove up. The street lights were on and the other condos appeared to have electricity. Maybe it was just a breaker or something. I grabbed my flashlight and proceeded up the steps to the porch where Kelsey was waiting. She was standing there barefoot wearing a long white t-shirt with some kind of weird print on it. It was too dark to tell if she was wearing anything underneath but that didn't keep my imagination for going on an erotic journey. 

"It's a good thing it's warm out tonight," I teased.

"When the power went off I was afraid to stay inside by myself and it was too dark to find any clothes," she replied.

"Let's go inside and see if we can figure out what's going on. Do you have any idea where the breaker box is?" I could tell by the look on her face that she didn't not know where it was. I was also sure she didn't have a clue as to what a breaker box was. 

"Never mind, it's probably in the garage. How do we get there," I asked?

She took the flashlight from me and led the way. Once inside the garage the breaker box was easy to spot. It was on the far wall directly across from us. 

"Shine the light over towards the far wall I told her," as I made my way across the vacant room. I opened the box and almost immediately I knew what the problem was. Someone had pulled the main breaker. I'm not sure how or why the main breaker got turned off but if I was a betting man I'd say it was done on purpose. And since Kelsey was the only one home I had to assume she was the guilty party. Rather than confront her about it I decided to play dumb and see what she had up her sleeve, or should I say her t-shirt?

The minute I flipper the breaker the interior lights inside the house came on. "There we go. All fixed and good as knew," I told her.

"Thanks Mr. Saunders. I don't know what I'd do without you. First it was the ride home last night and now fixing the electricity. I guess I owe you big time, huh?"

"Hey, what are teachers for," I replied. "You still have some cold beer in the fridge? I'll take one of those and call it even."

Once again I found myself sitting on the sofa in the living room while Kelsey retrieved me a beer. I hate to admit it, but naughty thoughts were running through my mind as I watched her sashay into the kitchen. Now that the lights were on it was obvious she wasn't wearing anything underneath the t-shirt. Holy shit, I hadn't been here more than ten minutes and my cock was already beginning to stir. Kelsey returned with the beer and sat across from me in an oversized arm chair. As she pulled her legs up under her I caught a glimpse of her dark black pubic hair. I could also see her nipples standing at attention and pressing against her t-shirt. Jesus, this girl is only eighteen but she is sexier and more provocative than many of the women I normally date. 

As I drink my beer and we make small talk I can see Kelsey's t-shirt begin to ride up higher and higher as she moves and shifts in the chair. It isn't long before she draws her legs up against her chest and folds her hands across her knees. And even though her legs are closed she is still putting on quiet a show. Not only is her pubic hair much more visible, I was also getting a glimpse of her labia. I couldn't help but stare at her and there was really no way to be inconspicuous about it. Hell, what am I worried about I thought to myself? She knows exactly what she's doing. And what she's doing was working. I put my half finished beer on the end table next to the couch and walk toward Kelsey. Without either of us saying a word, I position myself directly in front of her and drop to my knees. 

Kelsey pulls up her t-shirt and spreads her legs as I maneuver my face between her thighs. And God is she beautiful. Her labia is bright pink and moist. Her lips are slightly parted lying in wait for my anxious tongue. I can already smell her sweet womanly scent before I even get a taste of her secret treasure. I gently kiss her inner thighs before slowly working my way toward her moist little pussy. I place my hands on her inner thighs and spread her just a little as my tongue glides up and down her glistening lips. She moans softly as I continue to stroke her with my tongue. Her taste is tangy yet sweet as her juices slowing flow onto my mouth. With one thumb I raise the hood that covers her shinny pearl, and gently flick my tongue against it. She grabs my head and pulls my face tight against her hot pussy. Her moans are getting louder as I continue to nibble at her clit. With my free hand I probe the opening of her pussy with first one finger. She is so wet her pussy sucks it right in. Jesus, it's like an inferno inside her. 

"Oh God, don't stop. It feels so fucking good," she cries. "Eat my pussy baby, eat it good."

As I push another finger into her, her hips start to rotate. Her juices are flowing faster now as she arches her hips and yells out, "I'm coming, yes, feels so good. Don't stop!"

She continues to push her hips forward allowing my fingers to fully extend into her red hot juicy cunt. She's bucking so hard it's difficult for me to keep my tongue anywhere near her pussy. This goes on for about a minute until she finally relaxes and drops back into the chair. I pull my fingers out and slowly straighten up. Her eyes are closed, and her breathing is still heavy as I lean in to kiss her. With her juices still wet on my lips we kiss passionately. 

"That was so fucking hot," she says. "No one has ever made me feel that good."

"I'm glad you liked it." I thought it was pretty fucking hot too."

Kelsey leans forward and starts to unbutton my pants. There is no way I'm going to stop her. My raging cock needs relief and I'm ready to fuck this woman-child. I help her pull my pants off along with my shirt and shoes. Kelsey pulls her t-shirt over her head exposing her very firm and larger than I expected breasts. Her nipples are erect and just begging for attention. I lean in and wrap my lips around one breast and grasp the other with my hand. As I suck on one nipple and twist the other with my fingers Kelsey moans and runs her fingers through my hair. Moving my mouth to the opposite breast I reverse the action. It's been a long time since I've touched breasts as firm as hers. And her skin is so warm and soft it's almost indescribable. 

My cock is as hard as it's ever been waiting in anticipation of what's to come. I pull my mouth off her breasts and lower my hands down to her hips and proceed to pull her ass out to the edge of the chair. I push her legs apart and grab my cock and press it against her still very wet cunt. Her lips begin to part as the head of my cock slowly works its way inside. Goddamn she is tight! I push harder and soon my cock begins its journey into her sweet honey hole. Her hands are holding onto my waist as I finally reach bottom. I just hold still for a minute feeling her pussy quiver and grasp my cock.. 

She moans as I begin to pump my cock in and out slowly at first. As my rhythm increases she moans even louder. Soon my cock is pounding into her, and my balls are slapping against her ass.

"Yes, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Kelsey cries out. 

That's all the incentive I needed. With my hands pulling her hips to meet my thrusts I fuck this little angel for all I'm worth. "Oh Kelsey, baby, your pussy is so tight, baby. You are so fucking good!"

Sweat is pouring down my face and my heart is racing ninety miles a minute as I continue to ram my cock into her. Her pussy is so tight it's like my cock is wrapped in a tight super snug glove. It's been a very long time since I've fucked such a tight little pussy. 

I can hear Kelsey's breathing beginning to get heavy and I can feel her cunt beginning to contract. I'm sure she's fixing to cum. I slow my pace and pull my cock almost out of her and then slowly push it back in. As I continue to fuck her she arches her back and slowly bucks her hips pushing against me. 

"Oh, yeah, baby that's it," she moans. "I'm gonna cum baby."

And suddenly she arches her hips one last time and freezes for a few seconds. I can feel her cunt contracting and sucking at my cock. That's all it took for me. 

My cock begins to pulse and soon cum begins to shoot into her. I push and pull with rapid succession a few times emptying every last drop of my love juice into her. As I slowly pull my cock from her cunt a mixture of our juices begins to ooze out of her. She slides her hand across her wet juicy lips and then licks her fingers clean. I slide the head of my cock up and down her cum covered pussy one last time before slowly removing myself from between her thighs. 

Kelsey sits up and pulls me to her, kissing me deeply, sucking my lips and tongue. She has the look of a content young woman. Totally exhausted and completely satisfied myself I'm not sure what my next move should be. Kelsey doesn't give me a chance to think about it. She climbs out of the chair and takes me by the hand. Like a lost puppy I gladly follow her down a long hallway to what turns out to be her bedroom. She pulls back the spread and we both hop in. As my head touches the pillow I can smell Kelsey's scent. She snuggles up against me and we both drift off to sleep. 

To be continued...