 If you have ever read the novel The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, you will know what I mean when I say that the most important thing for any interstellar hitchhiker to have is their towel. It's also something that Sara and I discovered during one of our rendezvous.

Sara had reserved a hotel, and we had a great morning planned out to enjoy each other until checkout. So, about 8 a.m., I showed up at the hotel room Sara had reserved, and she answered the door wearing just a long tee shirt, covering her delicious body. She had been laying in bed for a while, and had been fingering her wet pussy waiting for me to arrive. Her nipples were hard, and I wasted little time stripping my clothes off while we kissed passionately. 

We were having a great time. She came a few times while I licked her wet pussy, and I came deep inside her tight pussy while sucking her hard nipples, shooting my cum deep inside her. 

As we lay in bed, Sara asked me if I had ever eaten a pussy I had cum into before. I told her that I had never thought about doing that, but it did sound intriguing. She spread her legs open and gently parted the pink folds of her pussy with the tip of her left middle finger. "Well, I have been thinking about it - a lot - and it turns me on." 

I watched her make small circles over her clit with her finger, my cum oozing out of her pussy mixing with her slippery juices. Her nipples got very hard, and I noticed my cock starting to throb. This was turning me on a lot, and I knew I wanted to do it. I settled myself between her legs and pulled her pussy lips apart. She was still gently rubbing her clit with her finger, and I joined in with my tongue. It was different tasting the two of us together, but what the heck? She had been sucking me fresh out of her pussy, and I knew where the cum has come from...

As I started licking her, slowly at first. I was surprised at how good we tasted together - my salty cum and her sweet juices. I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue, and grabbed both of her ass cheeks with my hands, pulling her closer to my mouth. It was really turning her on, because she started thrusting her hips toward me, harder with every pulse. With both hands on the back of my head, she pushed my face deeper into her glorious wetness. 

The best view ever in sex is looking up while eating Sara's pussy out. I could see the smooth skin of her stomach leading up to her large tits, heaving with each deep breath. Her nipples extra hard from the feeling of me licking her. Just the tip of her chin and the tip of her nose visible as she arched her back, surrounded by the golden mane of her hair. My cock was throbbing as I rubbed it against the sheets, enthralled by this exquisite experience. Just then, her body convulsed as her orgasm washed over her in huge waves and she screamed, "Oh, FUCK!" as loudly as she could. 

It took her a few minutes to recover from that orgasm, and just a few seconds more to realize that I had to cum next. "Do you want to cum between my tits?" she purred. Sara's big tits gleamed with sweat, and she enticingly pushed them together. Of course I wanted to.

I stood up and straddled her, crimson cock pulsing with each heartbeat. "Oh, my," Sara said as she pulled out a tube of lube. "Your balls must be so full. I want you to shoot your cum all over me," she demanded as she rubbed lubricant all over me, from my head to my balls. "I am your little cum slut, and I want you to give it to me."

Sara pushed her tits together, her hard nipples peeking out between her fingers. I pushed between those glorious mounds, the head of my cock peeking out from between her sweet tits with every thrust. "Oh, fuck, this feels so good," she said, "I want you to give it to me."

Fucking her between her tits felt so different. She varied the intensity of her squeezing, sometimes tight - sometimes gentle - as I thrust between them. I would occasionally look over my shoulder, seeing her bright red toenails at the end of her long, gorgeous legs I was just between. I was getting close.

That's when Sara started to beg,"I want you to cum on my face. Oh, please, Ken. All over my face." She took her hands off her tits and started pulling me forward. I scooted up on my knees until I was straddling her tits - which wasn't easy. Sara kept stroking my cock and begging me to cum. "Oh, fuck, give it to me, your little cum slut."

I was so close after all this excitement, and I could feel my balls tighten as she stroked me. Just then, I closed my eyes, and let out a grunt. My cock twitched, and I could feel the hot spurts of my semen pulse out of my cock. My whole body was shaking from the pleasure I was feeling, and I thought for a while that the orgasm would never end. 

After a second or two, I opened my eyes and looked down at Sara. I had no idea that I could possibly cum so much. Her face was covered with spurts of my hot cum from her chin all the way up to her hair. It was a facial cumshot that was messier than any I had ever seen in any porno movie. Sara lay patiently, eyes shut, as the last drips of cum dropped off the tip of my cock. I was spent.

"I don't want to break the mood," Sara interrupted, "but, do you think you can get me a towel?"

It was then we realized that whenever we go to a hotel, the first thing we had to do was grab a hand towel or two and put it on the nightstand. After all, it is an important piece of sexual equipment!