 Compact cars are awesome things. They are affordable, get great gas mileage and cost very little to maintain.

For having sex? They are terrible. Just way too cramped, and there's always some kind of shift knob poking you in the back while you are trying to get busy.

That's when Sara and I started looking around for new places to enjoy ourselves. As with just about every office in America, once quitting time comes around, most people head for the door, eager to get home. That's the case in our office as well. By about 5:30, just about everyone was out of the office, on their way home.

We also have a gym next door to our office, and since a workout is a good reason for not coming home on time, it gave us the cover story we needed to keep having sex. I mean, both of our spouses wanted us to be healthy, right?

Soon, we discovered that a light 15 to 20 minutes on the stair master or treadmill was enough to get our juices flowing and allow the office to clear out. In our 'green room' back at our office, there is a restroom and three separate shower rooms, each with a locking door. We doubled back after our brief workout and started calling people's names to see if anyone else was in the office. Turns out, no one was there.

We ducked into one of the shower rooms and fell into each other's arms, tasting the sweat we had built up. Our kisses were hot and passionate, and it didn't take long before we started undressing each other. A quick note to the designer of women's workout wear... I realize the stuff has a very important job to do, but you have GOT to make it easier to remove!

Sara got onto her knees, fully naked, and pulled my shorts and underwear down. My cock sprung forward into her face, and she hungrily started sucking it, her nipples already hard. I managed to get everything off entirely without removing my cock from her mouth and stroked her hair while she bobbed up and down on my erection.

"Sara," I interrupted, "I want to 69 with you." Again, this is something my wife and the other women I had been with had talked about, but it was impossible to get them to do it. Sara smiled, reached into her workout bag and pulled out a soft towel.

I laid it on the ground and, ever the gentleman, offered to lay back on the hard tile so she would be more comfortable. I propped my head up with one of my sneakers, and got ready for her to lay down on me

At first, Sara stepped over my face, straddling me. I could see her shaved pussy glistening with wetness as she started to kneel down over me. As she got closer to my face, she reached her hand down, spreading her hot pussy lips apart. Oh, she was so gorgeously pink and swollen, ready for action. I could see her clit, fully erect, ready to be tongued. Her musky smell filled my nostrils, and my cock, already hard, throbbed with more intensity.

I reached up with my tongue, hands on her hips, and pulled her to me. Her wetness spread all over my face as she ground her hips into me, stimulating the parts she wanted rubbed.

At the same time, I could feel her hard nipples first graze my stomach and her breath on the head of my cock. She teased me for a while with her tongue before taking my shaft all the way into her mouth, sucking me rhythmically.

The best thing about a 69 is the more excited you make your partner, the harder they work to excite you. Feeling her large, soft tits pressed into me, her fingers tracing over my balls and asshole was maddening,and it made me grab both of her ass cheeks, pulling her wet pussy closer to my face. I gently sucked her clit into my mouth and played my tongue across it, making her moan. I slid my left hand down her side, reaching for her erect nipple so I could roll it between my fingers. That drove her crazy, and her sucking increased in speed and intensity. Her moans came softly at first, but stronger with every thrust she made into my face.

Within a few seconds, she took my cock out of her mouth and let out a moan, her body becoming more rigid as wave after wave of her orgasm washed over her. I couldn't stop licking her wet pussy, and she tried to pull away from my face just to catch her breath. I wasn't having any part of that, and I pulled her back to my mouth again, eager to keep her riding the waves of her pleasure. 

Finally, she had enough, and pulled herself away from me, pivoting around until she was between my legs and had full control of me. "We'll never get done if we keep doing that!" Sara said. She started sucking my cock with abandon, her fingers circling my shaft to add to the intensity. The smell of her pussy all over my face and her taste still on my tongue drove me mad, and I could feel the pressure building. I ran my hands through her hair as she worked me up and down until I could no longer contain myself. 

Sara hungrily took all my cum into her mouth, swallowing every bit of it. I caressed her hair as she squeezed every last drop out of my spent cock. Sweaty and worn out, I looked at Sara and said, "So, I guess we're going to be workout partners from here on out?" 

She smiled and said, "Yeah, and we didn't have to waste time on the treadmill!"