 This is the sixth installment of the Kentucky Woman series. In this episode, Frank travels to Kay's hometown of Mittown, Kentucky where he is introduced to some of the secrets of small town USA. 

1

I saw her as soon as I got off the plane ramp. She was tan, radiant, and smiling broadly as she saw me. Her long dark hair was flowing over her shoulders and down her back. She wore a loose blouse that still could not hide her big breasts, while her jeans hugged her voluptuous hips and high round ass. The sight of her immediately sent a tingle through my body. 

We embraced and kissed. "You don't know how happy I am right now, Frank, having your arms around me again." she said, keeping her green eyes on mine. 

"Honey, the feeling is absolutely mutual," I said, kissing her once more.

We let the embrace linger a bit and then she steered me out of the terminal toward where she had parked her car. 

The drive was almost an hour to her house. On the way we passed those fabled fields of blue grass. Coming from the city, the lush greenery was so dense it almost hurt my eyes. She saw me staring at the scenery. "Welcome to Mittown County," she said.

"It's beautiful," I replied.

"Yes it is," she said with a nod.

We came to her driveway, a long, wooded dirt road and to her house. Her property was surrounded by mostly woods with just the peek of a neighboring home. Her house was a 1970's constructed Cape. The deep bark of a big dog welcomed us as we drove up.

"That's just Wolf," Kay said. "I told you about him."

And then the dog was upon us. A huge Sheppard Rottweiler mix with big teeth bared was right up at my door. 

"Don't mind him. He'll soon know you're friend, not foe."

"You sure?" I asked Kay tentatively.

"Absolutely." 

With that she got out of the car and went to the big dog. He wagged his tail at her as he kept glancing back at me, still nervously sitting in the car. Kay took him by his collar and hugged him, whispering into his ear. 

"You can get out now," she said.

I opened the door and the dog, though eying me, no longer had its teeth bared.

"It's okay, Wolf, he's a friend," Kay cooed to him. "Give me your hand," she said to me.

I did as told. She squeezed it and then brought me closer, hugging me. 

"See, baby," she said to the dog. 

And like her own child, the dog nudged playfully between us.

"It's okay now," she said. 

I held out my hand, palm up, and looked at Wolf with a smile. Kay released her hold on his collar and he came slowly to my hand where I could rub under his chin. 

"Good, now that we're all friends," she said. "Let's go inside."

I grabbed my suitcase and followed Kay into her spacious house. It was airy with many windows facing the woods. Through the kitchen I could see the big pool, blue and looking very inviting on this hot afternoon.

"Want to swim?" Kay asked. 

"You read my mind," I said.

"Let's get changed then. Come. I'll take you upstairs."

I followed her to her bedroom. She kissed me again. "I'm so happy you are here, Frank." She said again. "You get into your suit. I want to go get some food ready and then I'll join you."

I changed into my bathing suit and went out to the pool, not wasting anytime getting wet. The water was warm, but the swim was refreshing after the flight and drive. I splashed around a bit and then saw her coming out of the kitchen and down to the pool.

She had on a white bikini, the top not revealing much of her breasts while the bottoms cut to a miniscule V, exposing her hips and endless tan legs. She had put up her hair and was wearing platform sandals. The sight of her was mind boggling.

I got out of the pool, dripping, and staring dumfounded at her. "Damn, baby, no wonder that poor boy couldn't control himself when he saw you. Is this what you wore?"

"Something like this, but in black," she said and smiled shyly. "But stop, Frank, I'm still not quite good with what happened with Brock, despite what we talked about." 

"Yeah, but Kay," I said, looking her up and down again. "He will never forget you and I mean that in a good way."

"I hope you're right," she said. "How's the water?"

"Fantastic," I said. "You going in?"

Before she could answer, we heard Wolf bark loudly. He was barking in the direction of the neighbor's house.

"What's he riled up about?" I asked.

Kay looked past me toward the woods and the sliver we could see of the neighbor's house. "Oh, it's probably Mr. Perry on his deck trying to catch a peek."

I grinned. "Ahhh, smart man," I said. "But the dog gives him away, huh."

"Always," Kay said. "As soon as I hear Wolf and I'm out here sunbathing, I know Mr. Perry has come out to watch."

"Do you give him a show," I asked.

She shook her head. "No, you know I'm not like that, Frank," she said, blushing slightly.

"Uh huh," I said. "You're not, but I am. Maybe we should give him a show he won't ever forget." I took her in my arms and pulled her too me, turning her to face where Mr. Perry was probably watching. I kissed her on her neck. "What do you say?"

"Mmmm, Frank, I want you. But here? Wolf won't stop barking."

"Can you bring him inside?"

"I guess I can," she said somewhat hesitantly.

I rubbed my hands down her sides and kissed her again on her neck. "Let's do it. I can't think of a better way to start my vacation here with you."

"Ummm, since you put it that way." She turned and kissed me and then went to fetch her dog. 

She came back a few moments later and I took her in my arms again, turning her to face where the voyeuristic Mr. Perry was undoubtedly watching. My hands were on her belly as I kissed her on her neck. She pushed back into me. "Oh god, Frank. Now I couldn't care less whose watching. I've wanted this again for so long."

I teased her ear with my tongue and whispered. "I can't lie. I've stroked it more than a few times with you on my mind." 

"Mmmm I love hearing you say that, Frank. You make me feel so special."

"Because you are," I said, my hands moving to her breasts, still barely covered by her skimpy top. I pulled the top down so I could finger her nipples. She moaned loudly. "There's no doubt Perry can see these beauties," I said, my hands cupping under her full round breasts. I pushed them up a bit. "Why don't you show him how you can suck on your own nipples."

She did what I said, her tongue swirling over her nipple as I held her breast to her mouth. As she lapped at her nipple, her hand wandered to my shorts. She squeezed, feeling how thick I was already and groaned loudly again. 

One of my hands wandered lower now, pushing down her bottoms. Her normally thick dark thatch was now just a thin bikini line. "I had to, Frank," she said. "There's no way these suits would hide my hair otherwise. I hope you don't mind."

I shook my head. "Not at all. Change makes it even more thrilling."

She laughed and squeezed my cock again and then turned in my arms.

"Let's show old Perry how good I can suck a cock," she said wickedly as she sunk to her knees in the grass, pulling my shorts down in one motion. "Mmmm, my baby," she purred as she stroked and licked around my shaft lovingly, holding it to her cheek and face.

I looked down at her. She glanced back up at me as her tongue flicked at my cock head. And then she began to work it in her mouth. The sight of her on my cock was beautiful and I told her so. My words made her hum on it more and suck harder. My hands were in her hair, on her head, guiding her as she filled her mouth with my thickness. She gripped my butt with her hands as she bobbed and sucked heartily on me before pulling out to take a breath and move her tongue to my balls. She licked and sucked them gently while using both hands to work my shaft. What she could do with her tongue and hands was pure magic. 

She fluttered her tongue lower and dapped at my ass crack before slithering it back to my balls and then again up to my cock. She took it deep in her mouth again and sucked and bobbed rapidly on it while one of her hands traveled between her legs. I normally can pretty much control how and when I cum, but what she was doing was making me lose that control.

I gripped her by her hair and tried to pull out of her mouth, but her lips held tight around my cock, groaning and shaking her head, not wanting to give it up. Finally, I pulled it out, my hand still on her head. "No, Frank. I need your cum!" she wailed while trying to get my cock back into her mouth.

"You'll get as much of it as you need, baby," I said. "But I want to fuck you. To cum in you."

"Mmmmm, yes, baby. Fuck me!" she said breathily as she turned onto her back, raising and spreading her legs. I took her legs to my chest and rubbed my cock over her glistening mound. "Put it in me, Frank! I want it now! I need it now!" Whatever trepidation she had earlier was totally gone,

I spread her pussy with my thick cock quickly and she moaned in pleasure, her body shaking almost instantly in a violent orgasm. I kept my cock deep in her as she convulsed on it and when her orgasm subsided I pulled it almost all the way out and then slammed it back in again. As I thrust my hips in and out of her, she began to thrash beneath me once more. Her green eyes were glazed as they stared at me and her tongue swirled over her own lips. She wrapped her legs tight around my back as I slammed in harder and harder while she pushed up to me to meet each of my hard thrusts until I could hold back no more and drained my cum deep into her. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, goddddddddddddddd!"she screamed as her body shook with another orgasm.

Both of us were panting and sweating in the hot sun. Kay's back and butt were covered with grass and dirt. I pulled her to me and kissed her hard. She shot her tongue in my mouth and moaned into it, catching her breath with mine.

After we caught our breaths, with a smirk, I said, "I think we gave one to Mr. Perry for the ages." 

She laughed. "Oh, he might get quite an eyeful this next week," she said. 

"Lucky dude," I said.

She shook her head. "Naaaw, we're the lucky ones."

And I couldn't agree more.

We cleaned off in the pool and spent the rest of the afternoon just lounging, napping in the sun, sipping beer for me and wine for Kay. Dinner was a delicious slow roasted rotisserie chicken on her grill along with local corn and salad. We ate in our bathing suits outside and when it got dark, Kay turned the lights on in the pool. 

"Now that's what I like," I said, admiring the deep blue glow coming from the pool.

"Nice isn't it? I love taking swims in the night after work. It really relaxes me," she said.

"I'm sure it does," I said. "Shall we relax some now?"

She smiled at me, reached around and untied her bikini top. "Yes, but we don't need these to relax."

"I like your thinking, Kay," I said, standing and sliding off my suit. 

She glanced at my flaccid, long cock and licked her lips as she wiggled out of those scant bottoms.

We frolicked in the pool awhile, teasing each other in the warm water before I cornered her and pressed my body against her, kissing her hungrily. Just as she was getting into the kiss, I pulled away and hopped out of the pool.

"Hey, sexy, where you going?"

I didn't answer her. I grabbed one of her plush towels and spread it over the edge of the pool and then jumped back in. I took her hand and brought her to the towel and lifted her up to the edge of the pool.

"Hmmm, what might you have in mind?" she asked, a twinkle in her green eyes.

"We never did get to dessert, Kay, and I'm craving something sweet," I said, a grin on my face.

"Oh are you?" she replied.

"Uh huh," I nodded and spread her legs with my hands as I moved between them with my head. Kissing at the tip of her bikini trim and wiggling my tongue lower to her clit where I mashed my tongue onto it.

"Mmmmm, my sexy lover," she purred and stroked my hair with her nails.

Using my fingers in her and my tongue on her clit, she began to moan and arch back onto the towel. I took her clit in my mouth and sucked and gnawed gently on it as she groaned and played with her breasts. Taking my fingers out of her pussy, I moved my tongue into her, curling it and flicking fast inside her. As I feasted on her greedily, her loud moans echoed in the quiet of the night. I felt her squeeze and push at my head as her body tensed and then she gushed from her pussy, cumming hard on my tongue.

I hopped out of the pool and positioned her away from the edge. My cock was thickly engorged and as she lay there, she followed it and me with her eyes, biting her lower lip. 

"Turn over," I said.

She immediately obeyed, getting on her hands and knees and raising her rounded butt. I gripped her by her ass cheeks and she cooed. I teased my cock over her ass and crack and she let out a small yelp. Moving it further down, I eased my thickness into her pussy as she exhaled a throaty wail.

Holding onto her hips and ass, I began to pound into her from behind. "Ohhhhhhh! Yes, baby, fuck me hard!" she cried, her head buried into the towel.

I moved in and out of her, slamming into her to my balls until, feeling the cum rising up my loins, I held my cock deep into her, exploding inside her as she gripped me with her cunt muscles.

I slid my cock out of her and she groaned, collapsing onto her belly. I slid on top of her and kissed the back of her neck. She turned her head to me with a smile. "I think I can get very used to this," she said.

We swam a little more and then, both of us exhausted, went up to bed where we almost immediately passed out. I slept as well as I had in a very long time and was awoken at day break by the feel of Kay's tongue circling my cock. I peered at her with sleepy eyes. "You just lay there now and let me do this," she said. "It's our tradition." 

"Mmmmm hmmm," was all I could respond with.

It wasn't long before her tongue, lips and hands had me thick and hard and that's when she really went to work. She was sucking deep on me, licking me up and down, playing with my balls, worshipping and loving my cock like no other until I could hold back no longer and shot my wad down her throat. She swallowed eagerly, taking all of it and continuing to suck and lick me until she was sure she had it all. 

When she pulled off my cock, she slid back up to me. I held her close. "I love your cum," she whispered. I stroked her hair and cheek and within minutes, both of us fell back to sleep.

2

We relaxed most of the next day. She took me out and drove around the area. I could see how she was torn about living where she did. Sure it was quiet; small town living, but it was magnificently beautiful as well. 

That night we were invited to a dinner party given by her best friend, Pamela. I was reluctant to go, wanting really just to spend the night and all my time in Kentucky with Kay alone. But Pamela was, as Kay had told me, her closest friend in the world; someone who she loved and trusted like a sister. Someone who was there for her when she lost Gregory when there was no one else to comfort her and get her through those very difficult times. Kay had told her about me and she was very anxious to meet me.

Her house was even larger than Kay's. Apparently, her ex-husband was a wealthy businessman and had left her the house. "Yes, but she's not snooty at all," Kay said as we drove up to the estate. "She's got all the money in the world, but she's real down home. Maybe that's why we're such good friends."

Pamela greeted us at the door. She was a petite and pretty with short blonde hair, her skin tanned golden brown, blue eyes, and, from the short, tight dress she was wearing, I noticed her nicely rounded ass and muscular, defined legs. A body, I later found out, formed by years of tennis. She smiled broadly at me and held out her hand. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Frank," she said. 

I squeezed her hand. "The pleasure is mine," I said. "Thanks for inviting us tonight."

"Are you kidding," she said. "I've heard so much about you, Frank. I've been dying to meet you."

"I hope you've heard only good things," I joked.

"Oh yessss, Kay has nothing but very good things to say about you, you can be assured of that,' Pamela said as she looked at Kay. "And she wasn't lying. You are quite handsome."

"Isn't he though," Kay said, looking at me with a smile. 

"I guess that's unanimous," I cracked and they all laughed.

As we walked into the grand entranceway, another woman, accompanied by a tall, thin, fair-skinned man greeted us.

"Frank," Pamela said, indicating the couple. "This is my daughter, Becca, and her fiancé, Mitch." 

She was also slender, taller than her mother, but with the same, athletic body. Blonde, like her mother, but her hair was much longer and loose down to her mid back. Still, the resemblance was more than obvious. "Nice to meet you Becca. And you too, Mitch."

"Becca goes to law school in Boston," Pamela said. "And Mitch works for the county District Attorney. They're to be married when Pamela graduates next spring."

"How nice. Two lawyers. Always good to have one in the family," I joked and everyone laughed, though I could feel eyes on me and I wasn't sure if that was good or bad.

After the introductions were made, we had cocktails outside on Pamela's large deck and then dinner in her formal living room. The grilling was relentless and Kay occasionally squeezed my thigh to indicate she had my sympathy. After dinner we had drinks in the living room and a few times, Kay and Pamela would escape together where I knew Pamela was giving Kay her assessment of me.

"How'd I do?" I whispered to Kay when she returned.

"Hush," she said, slapping at my hand. "We'll talk later."

And in the car on the way back to Kay's, she told me how much Pamela liked me. "She thought you were irresistibly charming. She even compared you to her favorite actor, George Clooney."

"Clooney! That is high praise."

"Absolutely. And you do know he is from Kentucky, don't you?"

"I didn't know that."

"So you're in with my best friend, Frank, but I had no doubts that you wouldn't be."

"Well now I'm very relieved. She seems like a down to earth person despite having so much," I said.

"She really is. We wouldn't be friends if she wasn't."

"Her daughter seems very vivacious; a real go getter, but to be honest, I can't say the same about Mitch."

"Yes I know. It does seem like an odd match, but not if you know, Becca. She knows with Mitch, she'll get anything she wants."

"Ahhh, so she's like that," I said

"Yes, much different than her mother," Kay said and then went silent.

"Anything wrong?" I asked her as I pulled her car into her driveway.

She shook her head. "No, just thinking."

"About?"

"Hmmmm, we'll talk about it later," she said as she got out of the car.

"Now I'm curious. Why later?" I asked as I walked to her side.

She put her arms around me and looked into my eyes with her sexy, green eyes. "Because, first we need to go inside, get undressed, so you can fuck me silly." She smiled and then kissed me.

"Okay, If you put it that way, I guess I can wait," I joked.

She was voracious that night. Wanting as much as I could give her and more. Even though I was tired after all that food and wine, we went at it for more than two hours. She was relentless, moving with me at full throttle. Breathing heavily, she went from one position to the next, demanding more and more until, after taking her in almost every imaginable position, she got on her belly, raised her butt, and spread her ass cheeks for me, something she never did before. I obliged willingly and she screamed loud and long as we both came hard.

When we finally caught our respective breaths, I said, "Wow, what brought that on, baby?"
