 So you hear a knock at your door. You're still in your bathrobe as it's fairly early in the morning and the snow has interrupted your work day. You come to the front door and open it to find a very bundled up and extremely cold Bambi shivering from head to toe. 

"Oh Kevin, I'm so glad you answered the door! I went home early this morning to get my things so I can move into the office and Gary was FURIOUS!" You bring me in from the cold, taking my coat, shaking off the snow and placing it in your closet. "Bambi Girl! What the hell happened?" 

"Kevin, I can't believe that asshole! Actually, I can. He's such a loser. I don't know why on earth I married him. I guess being high school sweethearts was as sweet as it would ever get! Brushing the snow off of my pant legs I exclaim "Oh shit, these are really wet. Could you put them in the dryer?" You flash a huge smile and although I'm distraught, I smile back with stirring below my waist.

You take me to your bedroom where I strip out of my slacks. Now I'm only wearing my red lace panties and a red cashmere sweater. "Can you believe this? I didn't even have time to put on a fucking bra! Oh well..." Your eyes are caressing my bare legs as I bend over to pick up my slacks, intentionally showing off my fine round ass, with a smile you say, "Calm down sweetie. Tell me what happened." But in your eyes I see that's not really where your mind's at. My eyes wander downward and from the protuberance of your hard cock my suspicions are confirmed.

"Well, it's a long fucked up story, but basically we fought pretty hard, he pushed me around a bit and I told him it was completely over. I grabbed the keys to the car and got my coat on. He stood in my way and begged me not to leave, but I did anyway. I had no fucking idea there would be this much snow! The damn car wouldn't start, and I knew I couldn't go back inside or something bad would've happened. I had no money, so I walked to your place. I'm fucking freezing! Do you have anything to warm me up?"

Your eyes light up at the thought of warming up my fine ass with a hot injection yet you have the sensitivity enough to first offer me a drink. "I know its early Bambi, but considering what you've been through and walking in the cold, maybe you would like a drink?" My eyes fill with tears and I blink them back, "Oh Kevin, you're such a gentleman. I'm so glad you were home. I don't know anyone else in the city since I moved here with him so he could find work. What a joke that is!" You offer me a pair of your flannel pajama pants reluctantly, "Oh thanks Kevin, but I'm already feeling much warmer now that I'm out of those wet slacks. Do you mind?" You look thrilled, "Mind, hell, I would love to have you completely naked! But let's have a Ketel One martini first."

You take me into your living room and I sit on your couch by the fireplace. You make us martinis and bring them in sitting down next to me. I take my first sip and roll my eyes, "Kevin you are so right about this drink. I do believe it's the best I've had!" You place your hand on my thigh and give it a light squeeze. "I only serve the best Bambi, you know that by now!" We chuckle and look at each other with warmth in our eyes.

"Do you think I could stretch out here for a minute? I'm so tired. I would love to just lay my head in your lap and rest my eyes." I finish my drink and yawn. Your compassion wins out and you say, "Sure thing sweetie, make yourself comfortable." I lay my head on your lap and within moments you hear my breathing change. You stroke my hair thinking how beautiful I am and ask yourself why someone as classy as me would put up with trash like Gary. Your mind wanders as you think about past mistakes you've made in love and understanding becomes a bit easier.

Soon you cannot help but feel my head resting on your cock and it begins to stiffen again. You're thinking it really isn't the right time for that, but some things you just can't control. I turn my head and the movement against your semi-hard cock is unbearable. You cannot stand it anymore. Looking down at my body, you see my cleavage heaving as I breathe. The angle you're in is perfect for gazing down the v-neck of my sweater. Lightly you trail your fingers over my face and down my neck. You continue down to my neckline and gently slip your hand inside my sweater. My nipples react immediately and a small moan escapes my lips. Your cock is throbbing, trapped under my head. You ache to set it free, to caress it as you fondle me. The temptation is excruciating. Pretty soon you can't take it anymore. Slipping out from under me so slowly and gently, it seems like an eternity. Careful not to wake me up you rest my head on a couch cushion. 

Now you know what you want to do to yourself, and you waste no time opening your robe to start gripping your massive cock. Standing over me you look at my delicate, vulnerable body and all you can think about is stuffing me full of flesh. You walk away shaking your head, thinking to yourself, "I must be nuts for this girl if I'm not taking advantage of this situation." You quickly disregard that thought as you pour yourself another martini. It's getting really warm by the fire so you disrobe and sit on the chair opposite me. You drink most of your glass in one gulp. You fantasize about what you will do to me when I wake up. You stroke your cock and squeeze and pull. It's not enough. You're really concerned about blowing a good thing. I mean a secretary like this doesn't come around often, and you wouldn't want to spoil any future fun by being over anxious.

After a couple of drinks you're no longer talking yourself out of it. You've had just enough to loosen any constrictive thinking. Still stroking yourself, your desire takes hold of you. You walk over to me and stand in front of my face. Leaning on the back of the couch you brush the head of your dick across my lips like a paint brush carefully applying the clear slickness of lip gloss. You think to yourself, "This is torture! When will she wake up? It's been an hour now. Maybe I should just wake her up. Maybe I shouldn't...." A smile fills your face and you reposition yourself on your knees to be closer to my skin. 

I smell like lavender and you inhale my sweet aroma fully indulging in the essence of me. As you continue to jack-off, you move your free hand to my leg. Starting at my ankle, admiring my pretty feet with red painted toes, you slowly move your hand up my leg. When you reach my knee I moan and suddenly open my legs. Your shock has you frozen in your train of thought, "Is she awake? If she is, this is a sign she wants me to continue. But what if she's not awake? I could be violating her trust right now and that would lead to the end of this lovely beginning..." After this moment of non-movement, your hand still resting on my knee, I moan again. You cannot fight the urge to move higher. Sliding your hand between my thighs, your cock is throbbing and you just want to taste me.

Ever so delicately you graze the small, neatly trimmed, patch of blond hair. It tickles me and you see a smile emerge on my face. You cannot help feeling that it's a green light. So you press on my clit softly and feel the wetness accumulating there. You push open my pussy lips to let loose the flood of slippery lubrication. As I flow, you slide your finger into my cunt and immediately feel me grip you. I let out another moan and a sigh. You grip your cock but stop rubbing to preserve the feeling. Pulling your finger out, you bring it to your lips and taste what you've been craving. The sweet slickness fills your mouth and nostrils with my love potion. 

Now your mind is reeling. "She wants this. I know I'm not wrong. If I am I can always stop if she opposes. What am I waiting for?" You talk yourself into proceeding. With my legs spread, you have a clear path to lead your tongue. Wasting no more time you kiss my lips and lick my clit. I gasp... you pause and look up at me. Now my mouth is open and I'm breathing heavy. You see my mouth as an open invitation and after you suck my sweet juices for a few minutes you cannot resist the call of my wet mouth around your hard cock. 

You stand up again and come back around to the front of the couch. I'm facing you, and my mouth open makes it easy for you to slide your cock in. After briefly rubbing your head on my lips to wet them, you push it into my succulent kisser. Immediately you feel my tongue swirling around your head and a wash of complete pleasure makes your knees weak. Then you realize I'm sucking you and I still look asleep! Your convinced I'm faking until I awake, shocked that you're in my mouth. I pull back and gasp, "KEVIN! What are you doing?" Caught in the act you feel compelled to explain yourself. "You just looked so good, and your smell was driving me crazy. A couple martinis and I don't know what took over." Smiling down at your hard cock, "Well I guess we both know what took over!" We both laugh and you pull me up to meet you standing.

We kiss and I taste myself on your lips. "Kevin you naughty man you! You were sucking my pussy. I thought I was dreaming! It felt so good, will you continue?" You are more than happy to accommodate my request, first telling me "Bend over this chair so I can tongue fuck you from behind." I love that you're taking control and I do just as you ask. Put my hands on the chair and bend over, spreading my hot legs, opening my wet cunt, and showing off my fine, tight, round ass. You move in swiftly and shove your hot, wet, slippery tongue between my pussy-lips making me scream out in pleasure. You circle my clit with your tongue, and then suck my lips into your mouth. You lick all the way up to my ass, sticking in just the tip. I jerk suddenly with the zing you've given me, but I press back urging you on.

You gobble up my pussy till I cum in your mouth, releasing a fresh gush of hot juice. You turn me around and say "Now I want you to really suck my cock, and suck it good." I get to work licking your balls and shaft, opening up all the way so you can grab the back of my hair and shove it so deep I can hardly breathe. I take it all in and swirl my tongue around your head dipping just the tip into your hole. Gasping and moaning you growl at me "that's it... clean my prick good" I'm so turned on by how forceful you said that it makes me groan deep in my throat as you pull my hair and push it in all the way.

Then I take the rest of your martini and I dribble it over you, licking it all off of your straining rod and even your balls. You pull me up gently by my hair and kiss me, sucking every bit of the martini off of my lips. I nibble you and pull back looking you deep in your eyes, "Kevin, please fuck me, please, I can't wait anymore. I need you to fill me with that cock." You push me onto the coffee table in front of the fireplace and hold my feet, spreading my legs open wide. I reach between my legs and grasp your hot pulsating tool guiding it towards my pussy. I rub my lips with your head and you groan with anticipation. I start to tease my clit with it and you get overwhelmed, "It's all over but the shoutin' now Bambi" you reach down and grab it from me, point it where you want it most and shove it so deep I can only gasp for air. I moan as you begin stroking in and out first slow and then quick, then slowing down again. 

I feel you so deep and you start sucking on my toes. I can't take it; I'm yelling "OH YEAH, FUCK ME HARD!" You listen like a good boy and push it in as hard as you can. You're grabbing my breasts and squeezing my nipples so hard I can only squeal in pain and pleasure. I can feel myself sliding on the table because of my sweat and you must have noticed too because you pull me up again. You pull each nipple to your mouth eagerly to suck and squeeze them. It makes me breathe harder and harder. I push you into the chair and turn around so you smack my ass. After a good couple licks my cheeks are red and my pussy dripping, I settle down on your cock facing away from you. You grab my ass and help give me lift as I bounce up and down taking your entire long wand. I love feeling you kneading my ass with your hands, so firm and hard, your grip turns me on. My hair cascades over my shoulders and my curls bounce up and down as I ride your dick. Grinding my ass all around I feel you take your finger and touch my hole. I scream, "YES, OH GOD YES, DO IT!" and you slip your finger into my ass. You can feel me clenching my pussy around your cock but amazingly you hold back as I cum. You want to feel every little twitch and squeeze. I cum wildly riding you "OH YEAH KEVIN I'M CUMMIN!" Your groaning let's me know you can't take much more, but you had other plans.

You push me up and tell me to lie on my stomach in front of the fire. I do it without hesitation; my legs are shaking so hard I need to lie down. My head spinning from everything, your carpet is thick and soft. I lay my cheek against it and inhale deeply the aroma of wood burning as you lay your rod between my ass cheeks. You enter gently as I groan from the pain; I feel the burn and know I'm real. I relax and let the waves wash over me as you reach that undeniable spot that feels so good. I reach down under my body to rub my clit. Straddling me you push it deeper and I beg for deeper still. "oooohhhhh deeper, please fuck me deep.." you do just that, burying your flesh into mine. Each thrust brings me to a thrill I could never explain to anyone. Each stab like a mini orgasm, my body shakes as I begin to cum again. You can't hold back any longer you start pounding my ass hard and I scream over and over again. "I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING, OH YEAH BABY FUCK ME HARD" my pussy gushing and gripping you tightly. You give my ass a few more quick swats to finish me off and pull it out. You jack off your spunk all over my ass cheeks and back, rubbing it to break the sting of your hand prints. We both collapse on the floor in front of the fire place, completely spent and satisfied. You give me a kiss, gently and deeply. Look into my eyes and ask "How about another martini?" and I say "Hell yeah! Can we have olives this time?"