 A movement at the edge of my vision catches my eye, I look up to see a tall dark haired woman walking towards the condiments station. She's a bit younger than me, which means, at a guess, in her 40s, wearing a dark business suit of knee length skirt, white blouse and jacket. My eyes take in this small amount of detail as they flick up to look at her face. As is quite often the case we make eye contact, I smile at her. she blinks a couple of times and gives a faltering smile back. I break eye contact and go back to my newspaper.

Fifteen minutes or so later and I'm aware of someone approaching my table. Look up to find it's the business woman from earlier. She stops just in front of me looking a little unsure of herself.

She shuffled from foot to foot for a few seconds not saying anything, so I broke the silence. 'Hi, can I help?'

She cleared her throat, looked nervously around, 'Can I sit down for a moment?'

'Err, yeah, sure.'

She pulled the opposite chair out and sat down. Looks at the table top for a minute then seemed to come to a decision and looked up, leant towards me and began to whisper.

'This is going to seem totally crazy but, will you fuck me?'

Now it's my turn to blink. Think I blinked that hard that my eyes made a noise!

Taking my silence as a rejection she begins to stand, 'I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that.'

I put my hand out and placed it on top of hers, 'Please, sit.'

She stopped, halfway to standing, and looked at the hand resting on hers, then sat back down.

'My turn to be sorry, you caught me very much unawares. It's not every day that a woman asks me that.'

'I know, and I'm sorry.'

I smiled at her, 'Don't be sorry, it obviously took a great deal of nerve to ask it.'

She blew out her breath and seemed to relax a little. I let go of her hand.

She started to speak in a bit of a rush, 'You know; I have this really stress job, two live-at-home kids and a husband who frankly couldn't give a toss. And I sit here most mornings on the phone and email trying to organise people who don't want to be organised and every day I look up and look around and think to myself, God I need a fuck! And today we made eye contact, and you smiled. You didn't look me up and down, you didn't say anything, you just smiled a genuine smile. And I said to myself: I'm going to ask him. And now I'm hating myself for embarrassing both of us.'

I'd resist the urge to laugh, probably the worst thing I could have done. 'Well you've no need to be embarrassed, I'm certainly not, in fact I'm flattered that you would ask me after all the times of thinking it. So there's no need to hate yourself. And yes.'

She suddenly realised what I had said, 'Sorry?'

'I said yes. You asked me if I'd fuck you and I said yes.'

She looked a little stunned, in fact she looked a lot stunned.

'Oh.....really?......OK.....mmmm.....really?'

This time I did laugh, 'Yes, really. Look, you're an attractive woman who frankly could ask any guy in here the same thing and you'd already be being dragged outside. I'm not a caveman, so it's still your choice.'

In a now not entirely certain of what she was doing voice, 'Mmmm......OK.'

Standing, looking across at her table I soften my voice, 'Why don't you grab your things and I'll meet you outside.'

She sat looking up at me for a moment then stood and turned towards her table. I thought: she'll either follow me or she won't. So I walk through the café to stand outside. A minute later she walked out of the door carrying her bag, laptop and jacket. I smile at her, 'I'll park over there,', nodding towards the far side of the car park, 'follow me and park next to me.' 

I walk over to my van, get in and drove across to where I'd indicated, then reverse up against the hedge; this side of the car park is still empty of other cars, and probably would be for another half hour or so when the nearest shops begin to open. A moment later and her car pulled up alongside me.

I step out and walk around to the back, open the back door furthest from her then look at her, still sitting in her car, probably trying to decide whether to carry on with this mad idea of hers.

Again I smiled and held out my hand.

She looked for a second more then, making the decision, she stepped out of her car and took my hand, I pull her towards me until she's against my chest. then opened the other door wrapping us in a cocoon of relative privacy.

I almost ask if she's still ok but, looking into her eyes, I knew that if I did she would start to think about it again and she had already got herself this far. I also knew that she hadn't asked me for love and conversation so.....

Still holding her against me with one arm I reach down with the other and start to hitch her skirt up, it wasn't as tight as I'd initially thought and it came up quite easily. She just stood with her arms at her side looking at my face.

As my hand came level with her panty and tights covered pussy I press my hand against her, feel her heat through her clothes. Rub my middle finger up and down her, hook my finger up so that my nail scratches across the course material of her tights, dragging up the length of her pussy, up across a pronounced bump at the top.

She groans and grabs at my shoulders. Keep scratching along the length of her then start to concentrate on the area of her clit, just lightly across the bump, nail rasping. The rhythm of tiny vibrations directly over her clit continually stimulates the bundle of nerve endings.

Her eyes quickly lose focus and a frown creases her forehead, her hands squeeze my shoulders and her breathing deepens. I do nothing else but keep a hold of her with one arm around her back whilst lightly, rhythmically scratching up and down across her clit.

She closes her eyes, starts to bite her lip and the frown deepens. Can feel her thigh muscles beginning to tense then to quiver, feel the heat radiating from her pussy increasing as I start to speed my fingers movement; not increasing the pressure, still just the light scratching. 

A humming at the back of her throat, her head drops onto my chest. The grip on my shoulders becomes white knuckled and she pushes up onto her toes as a long shiver ripples through her body. 

Another shiver, another, then her grip eases and she settles back.

Before she can react further I spin her round; she grunts, I press up against her back, hands on her waist.

Whisper in her ear 'Bend over.'

A moment's hesitation before she bends forward, rests her hands on the bed of the van. I pull her skirt up round her waist and, taking hold of the waistband of her tights I pull them and her knickers all the way down to her ankles. Stroke her bare arse, the taught skin contrasts with the black of her skirt and tights.

Undoing my belt I let my trousers and boxers drop, swollen raging cock springs free. I push my foot between hers and nudge them as far apart as her tights and knickers will allow. Take my cock in one hand and rub it up and down the crack of her arse; a trail of pre-cum left on her skin. She breaths deep and almost whimpers, mutters something I can't understand. 

Rub the head up and down the length of her wet pussy, find her entrance and ease forward: a gasp and her head drops, a little at a time I push forward, each time pulling back before pushing back in, each time sinking into her a little further. Her stance makes her pussy very tight, increasing the sensations both of us are feeling, her senses are already heightened, mine aren't too far behind. Before long I touch my hips to her bum, grip her hips holding her in place and press against her.

I pull back and immediately thrust back in, one long push, she gasps and I do it again, and again, and again, each time my hips smack against her bum she grunts. One hand reaches up and she grips the edge of the van roof, braces herself. 

Short twisting thrusts into her, constantly changing the angle then back to long pounding thrusts, cheeks of her arse getting red: the walls of her pussy gripping my cock, her pubic hairs scratching down my length, a tingling in my balls, short fast pumping thrusts.

Her panting breath mixed with gasping moans, the arm she's bracing herself with starts to collapse. A long low cry and I feel her pussy swell and flood, the heat around my cock tips me over the edge and, with one more smacking thrust into her, my own dam bursts. With a grunt I cum, feel the thick burning liquid pump into her, three more shuddering thrusts, each one weaker than the last.

Her arm drops and I'm holding her up, pulling her against me until I'm spent and she goes through her own release. 

We're both breathing hard, I'm still holding her up; gripping her hips, pressed against her arse.

She begins to recover, to take her own weight. Reaches up again and grabs the edge of the roof, pulls herself upright. I ease back and my cock slips out of her wet heat into the cool air. 

She staggers slightly and turns towards me, leans against the van door; her face is flushed, eyes sparkling, clears her throat; 'Well Mr coffee man, that was certainly worth the question.'

I lean against the other door and look at her; skirt still around her waist, good legs, slightly rounded tummy, dark triangle of hair, tights and knickers at her ankles. Looking down at my own trousers and boxers around my feet I laughed. 'And I'm so very glad that I answered the question correctly.'

'You certainly did that.' She bent to pull her knickers and tights up, smoothed her skirt down. 

She looked at me, smiled, 'You going to stay like that?'

'Watching you.' But I sort myself out.

She's much more together now, more the smart business woman. 'Would you like to do it again?'

I look around and chuckle, 'Not sure we'll be so lucky next time, and it was you who approached me.' 

Now she looks a little flustered, 'You're right. What I said in the café was true, about my life. I'm sorry, let me rephrase the question; please can I see you again? And not here.'

I smiled, 'In answer to your first question, yes I would. Second question, yes you can. And I would have asked if you hadn't.'

A bright smile lit her face, 'Oh good, I'll give you my card, will you text me?'

I pull out my wallet and give her one of mine, 'Yes I will, when's safe?'

'Don't worry about that, I get masses with work.'

She walked to her car, reached in and pulled a card from the dash, handed it to me, 'Sorry, but I need to find somewhere to clean up and then get going.'

'That's ok, it's been an absolute pleasure.....' glancing at her card, 'Nicole.'

She laughed, it suited her. 'Most people call me Nicky, but I like how you say Nicole, so Nicole it is,' her turn to glance at a business card, 'David.'

She stood against her car studying me, 'You don't know how much I needed that David, so thank you. And thank you for.....taking charge. And the tights scratching thing.....wow!'

It was not the place to kiss and we both knew it, so we just stood for a second longer then, in a moment's synchronicity we grinned at each other, she got in her car, started it, reversed, waved and drove away.

I watched her leave, looked at her card and knew I was going to text her, and soon.