 I hear the door open and close again. I call out

"Darling, I made your favourite – Key Lime Pie."

"Hey, thanks." I hear him say, as he empties his pockets on the hall table.

"I'm in the bedroom."

I hear his footsteps coming down the hallway. He enters the bedroom and does a double-take, while I grin broadly at him.

I am lying naked on a clean white sheet. Beside me is a pie dish half filled with Key Lime pie. Generous dollops of pie cover both my nipples, and a trail leads down to my pubis. A generous heart-shaped scoop of pie covers my shaved pubic area, and is spread lavishly between my thighs. I wink at him lasciviously and lick the spoon suggestively. He blinks quickly, but doesn't miss a beat.

"I'll be right there."

He takes off his clothes slowly. I enjoy the view, and continue sucking on the spoon. I have to say, this pie is one of my better attempts. Sometimes it takes a few tries to get things right, but when it's done properly, it's fantastic. I put my finger in the pie and paint my lips with the cream as though I'm applying lipstick.

Having taken off all his clothes, he moves in. Holding my face between his strong hands, he reaches forward with his tongue and gently licks the cream from my lips. I strain to kiss him, and he "tut tuts" at me, holding me back so he can lick it all away. Then he kisses me with no restraint, a fierce passionate kiss with our tongues swirling around each other. I sigh with delight.

Pushing me back on to the bed, he leans down and sucks the pie away from one, and then the other nipple. I moan with pleasure as he gently licks around each breast, catching the stray cream and moving in to centre on my hard, erect nipples. His penis is straining in a similar fashion, and I purr like a pussycat at his expert handling of my breasts. His tongue moves down my stomach, licking the pie from between my cleavage, then my stomach and down to my pubic.

Then he stops, to my disappointment, and moves away winking at me. I am interested to see what new turn the game will take.

"I think you missed a spot." He grins, scooping his fingers in the pie and applying it to each of my feet. His fingers rub the pie around and between my toes and I giggle at the ticklish sensation. He holds the left foot up to his mouth, and his tongue again swirls around and around and between each of the toes. I cannot resist and I groan in pleasure, as he gently sucks on each individual toe – the sensation of his tongue sliding between them driving me wild with sensual pleasure. He switches to the other foot, and this time I know what is coming. Again I am left moaning and panting with excitement.

Now he traces up my inner thigh, his breath warm and tongue rough like a cat. He is spreading my thighs and licking at the pie from the bottom of my vulva. His tongue runs up each side of my labia, slowly, ever so slowly. First one side, then the other. Each time he stops at the top and teasingly flicks over my clitoris, before returning to the bottom again to begin another long run to the top. I am groaning, my hands clenching the sheet with building excitement. Now the pie has been cleaned away, he moves in to the small mound of cream on top of my pubis. His mouth encompasses the whole area, sucking on my clitoris, his tongue beating upwards and rubbing it furiously. I cry out in rapture, arching my back and moving up to meet his mouth. He pushes me down to take charge and begins to pleasure me orally in earnest. His finger penetrates me and begins to thrust in and out furiously in time with his tongue flicking over my swollen clit. I am painfully excited now, at the brink of climax and desperate to reach the edge. My hips buck, and I catch sight of his face, watching me intently for my moment of orgasm. I don't disappoint – the pressure on my clit, the finger that fucks me so relentlessly sends me over the edge, and I am gasping with pleasure, screaming out his name. I feel the sudden warmth from my ejaculation, the wash of juices, and the heat of my swollen sex exploding with a mind-wracking orgasm.

He moves over me, kissing me, and his lips are soft and covered with a sweet combination of juices and pie. Sticky and sweet, and his expression is loving and warm. He stops for a moment to hug and caress me, his hands finding my nipples again, cupping my breasts, and kissing me deeply. His erect cock digs into my leg, a reminder that he hasn't yet had his fill of pleasure. I reach for it, and look deeply into his eyes, drawing him up so that I can access his rock-hard penis easily.

My hand scoops into the pie dish once more, and I am spreading the cool mixture over his cock from head to base. My hand swirls around the top, coating it extra thickly, and swooping down to the base to cup and caress his balls. I make a big show of licking my fingers, and look up at his handsome face. He is watching me, his expression dark and eyes cloudy with desire. I draw him forward and lick daintily at the head, just removing a touch of pie from here, there, the eye, the side, his firm balls, underneath. My tongue dances all over him, licking a glob from here and there, teasing him. I swirl it underneath, cleaning the base and move below to clean his balls gently, breathing warm air on them and feeling the tickle of tiny soft hairs. I move up again, and kiss his mouth deeply, passionately, to hear him groan in response. This time, when I move down to his cock, I envelope it completely, just the way he likes, and take his balls in my hand. Pulling them down gently, I am deep-throating him completely, feeling his involuntary push forward into my throat, his guttural moan of pleasure as I take his whole length into my mouth. I begin the long slow thrust and pull, my whole throat and mouth contracting him as tightly and warmly as I can, using my tongue to dart around the sensitive head, my hands to sweep around beneath his balls and between his legs, stroking and teasing. He is rocking forward from his standing position, moaning with pleasure as he is pulled from the centre of his being, my hold on his penis dictating his gentle thrusts back and forth. I speed up, slamming his cock down my throat, rubbing the shaft firmly between my hands, feeling his balls contract. 

"Wait, wait, stop." He is pulling away, and I look up at him, surprised. He usually enjoys this the most, and I smile at him, wondering what he wants instead.

"Roll over." He half pleads, half commands.

Happily I comply, grabbing pillows to plump under my stomach as I move into the doggie position that he likes occasionally. I am facing the head of the bed, and a large mirror. I watch him move behind me, gently inserting his penis into my now soaking wet and sticky vagina. It is a warm and wet fit, and he sighs with pleasure as I clasp him tightly. 

I move into a comfortable position, and the sheet rustles as he begins to thrust forward gently. He is trying to prolong his pleasure, and I feel his warm gentle hands caressing my bum and moving over to grasp my hips. He is pushing forward with his knees and his thighs meet mine with a gentle pumping that belies his need. He groans again, exciting but unwilling to have it all end too quickly. He hasn't counted on me however.

Watching his face, I begin to back onto his rampant cock, riding his length, grasping it firmly in my warm slippery vagina, and moving on and off with my back arched. He gasps, unready for my aggressive milking of his penis, and his eyes meet mine in the mirror.

"I love you. Cum for me lover." I purr at him.

And that is all it takes. He begins thrusting harder, bucking, slapping his thighs against mine, all pretence of holding back gone. I feel him thrust once, twice, three times harder than the last, and then he is slowing down, riding the waves of his orgasm, groaning softly, his own back arched and stiff, his legs taut and twitching, barely holding him up. I watch his face, the face of the man I love, and I smile to see his release. He is pulling away now, stroking my hips and back gently, moving beside me to hold me, his arms wrapped tightly around me, breathing into my hair, as we roll together onto our sides.

"Key lime pie – my favourite." He murmurs.