 *The very best casts a shadow on all that comes after*

(Ten Months Later)

Christmas was fast approaching when my doorbell rang. Debra, now my fiancée, told me to go get it because she was busy in the kitchen. I opened it up and on the door stoop was Tamara with a baby carrier.

"Hi," she said.

"Hey Tamara," I responded somewhat surprised. She hoisted the baby carrier to me.

"This is Christopher Leo Styles," she told me. I looked down at my Son then back to Tamara. She was close to tears. We didn't say anything for the longest time. "I've tried to take care of him -- us but I can't. I don't want him to end up like me ... so ..."

"Who is this?" Debra said in the same way she would tell me there was a stray dog in the yard. Tamara looked so bone-tired.

"I need to be going. I needed to ... you know," Tamara told me. I shook my head. I'd already made one mistake.

"This is Tamara Miller, my lover and mother of my son, Christopher Leo Styles," I said as I reached out a hand to Tamara.

"What?" squawked Debra. "Who is this whore?"

"She's a good woman, not a whore and I'd appreciate you keeping your opinions to yourself," I responded while never breaking my gaze on Tamara. She was not slipping away again.

"What ... you, get the hell out of here!" Debra screamed at both of us.

"Debra, this is my house. If you want to leave I won't stop you." I imagined Debra changed three shades of crimson. She was explosive that way. Debra screamed something unintelligible grabbed her coat and keys and shouldered past us.

"You'll pay for this," she shouted over her shoulder.

"I've finished paying for you Debra," I smiled. "Tamara, please come inside."

"I shouldn't. I've caused you enough trouble."

"Tamara, don't make me come out there and make you beat me up. Come inside. It's cold out here," I insisted. She reluctantly walked past me and came inside. I shut the door, took care with young Christopher and moves to the living room. Tamara looked around uncomfortably.

"Nice place," she commented lamely.

"She decorated it. I hate the look," I confessed. Tamara giggled. "I've missed you Tamara." Tamara looks down at her hands.

"I've missed you too." She looked up to me and added, "I've not been with another man since you; I swear it."

"He's my son, of that I have no doubt. He even looks like pictures of me when I was his age." She smiled at that visual and I could see a great weight lift from her shoulders.

"I can be gone in the morning," she told me.

"I was actually planning to marry you in the morning," I grinned. Tamara looked confused. "I can't be compelled to testify against you if you are my wife. That makes it safe for us to be together."

"You can't do that," she worried. "You have a life and stuff."

"I want you Tamara. You are part of my life. I can't be both Mother and Father. You have to stay." Tamara was clearly conflicted. "I've really missed you and I want you to stay with me as my wife. I can't make it any clearer than that."

"You can't want me, Leo. You are rich and educated and I'm trash ..." she began.

"NO!" I screamed at her in a way that brought her up short and made Christopher stir in his sleep. "Don't you dare sell yourself short to me ever again. I'll fight for you, but only if you fight for yourself and no Mother of my beautiful, wonderful Son is anything but beautiful and wonderful too."

"I ..."

"Tamara, see yourself as I see you. I love you and I let you go once before and I'm not going to repeat that mistake. Please don't make the mistake of trying to push me away." Tamara stood there for several seconds before running into my arms.

"I'm a mistake, ya know?" she sobbed into my shoulder.

"That's a mistake I'm willing to make again and again. Don't you ever leave, do you understand me?" I warned her. She nodded vigorously in response. "Now let us see what have for little Christopher to eat and then we can sit down to dinner ourselves."

(Next morning)

I put Tamara and Christopher in the guest room but I couldn't sleep, haunted by the thought that she would slip away in the night so I padded down to their room and slipped into bed with them. Christopher was between us. I shouldn't have worried because Tamara was totally exhausted and didn't stir until late in the morning.

I figured out how to change and feed a baby on my own, with a little help from on-line sites. I had coffee ready when Tamara staggered sleepy-eyed into the kitchen.

"Smells good," she murmured. I handed her a cup the way she liked it. She drank and smiled. "Thank you, Leo. How has Christopher been? I'm sorry I slept so long, but it has been more than a month since he's given me a good night sleep."

I hugged her in response.

"He was no problem, though he was stinky. Let's get everyone changed and head to the courthouse. I want you to make an honest man of me."

"I named you as his Father when he was born. He'll always be your Son."

"You'll always be his Mother and my Wife then," I declared. I could tell from her expression that she felt I was making a terribly mistake, but she seemed resigned to her fate. She kept that expression all the way downtown and as we waited in the short line. As we stood ready to take that last step,

"Don't do this," Tamara pleaded. "I don't want to ruin your life. Give Christopher a chance. He doesn't need someone like me as a mother."

"That proves he needs someone just like you as his Mother, and as a wife to me. You would give up your own happiness for us and what more can anyone expect as an act of Love?"

She had no answer to that. With tears in her eyes, she declared me to be her legal spouse. Something changed in her then. She leaned into me and I felt a great tension and fear lift from her soul. She could finally stop running. Tamara finally had a home. When we got my --our - house, I called my Mother and told her I had a huge surprise that couldn't wait. She could smell the baby the moment she stepped into my house. She looked to me then followed the smell into the living room.

Tamara stood there holding Christopher out like a shield with fear in her eyes. She had no parents of her own and clearly believed that my mother would hate her as the woman who had ruined her son. 

"This is Christopher Leo Styles," I announced. I'm not sure Mom heard me. She was already crossing the room arms outstretched.

"Of course he is," she beamed. Looking at Tamara, she asked, "Can I hold him?"

"Yes ...of course, he's your Grandson," Tamara stammered. My Mom swept up the child and rocked him slowly. Christopher looked up at her and smiled while Mom was totally enraptured. 

"How old is he?" Mom asked the room.

"Two months," cringed Tamara.

"Oh that's wonderful," Mom said without missing a beat. When she finally took her eyes off her only grandchild she smiled to Tamara and said,

"I know who you are and I've seen the look he has in his eyes when he talks about you. I'm only glad that you came back to him after he let you get away that first time."

"I don't know what to say," Tamara stammered yet again. "I thought you would hate me forever."

"The people that hurt my son died over a year ago," Mom responded. "You brought my Son back to me. He's been a better man for having met you and now you've made him a father as well. So, can I call you Daughter, or would you prefer Tamara?"

"I think I would like you to call me your Daughter," Tamara smiled carefully. "I think I'd like that a lot."

"Christopher Leo Styles ... now that's a beautiful name. Is Christopher from your family?"

"Nah, I liked the sound of it, is all. I think its musical."

"Good choice," Mom grinned then turned her attention back to little Christopher. I walked around the two to wrap an arm around Tamara's waist.

"Leo, did Tamara come with enough baggage?" Mom cooed to the infant while talking to me. Since Tamara only had one small travel bag I doubted it. I coughed uncomfortably.

"Tamara, why don't we go out and let me buy you a few wedding gifts. I'd love get you a few dresses so I can show both you and Christopher off to all my friends at Church this Sunday. They'll love both of you I'm sure."

"Mrs. Styles ..."

"Call me Francis," Mom said, "or Mom if you like."

"Francis ... Mom ... Thank you. I'd like that very much."

"You two ladies have a blast," I smiled. "Chris and I will get to know each other. I swear he was trying to roll over this morning. Next thing you know he'll crawling."

"Careful Tamara, this one will be getting our little boy a bicycle and football helmet for Christmas," Mom teased. Tamara didn't get it, but I knew she would.

"Francis, I've never owned a dress," Tamara confessed.

"That won't be a problem," Mom joked. "I think we can pick up all kinds of things for you and Christopher. We can even pick up a few things for Leo too."

"What do you think he'd like?" Tamara asked.

"Oh, I have an idea. If we have questions we can always ask the salesgirl."

That comment made my head snap toward the closing door. Sometimes there are things that I guy's doesn't want to think about. Your Mother shopping for lingerie is one of them.

I was pretty glad they were gone when Debra showed back up with one of her friends. Debra was a total bitch and her friend went ape-shit when she saw Christopher. I hope he doesn't remember all the names she called us. I finally told her that she could shut the hell up or I would kick her skanky ass out of MY house. 

I tried to talk to Debra about this, but she wanted to do nothing but bitch at me. She didn't want me to get a word in edge-wise. Hell, I admitted to being in the wrong. I said I would explain it to our friends. I promised to do whatever she wanted except abandon my wife and child. Debra didn't even pretend to have any empathy for me, which quite frankly was a relief -- she was tired of pretending she felt anything about me and I was tired of pretending not to notice she didn't care. 

All she kept harping about was that this made her look bad. As usual for our relationship it was all about Debra. Now that I had finally done something for myself she couldn't stand it. In the end I didn't care what she took as long as she was gone for good. I even helped her load the car I had bought for her as an early wedding gift. 

As she left Debra told me she'd cleared out all our join account. I gave a special prayer of thanks to my Mom for insisting that most of our financing, and all our credit cards being kept separate until we got married. If the final price for her leaving was the money in our wedding account, I counted myself lucky. They were gone by the time Tamara and Mom got back.

Normally my Mom is an incredibly frugal woman, but something about having a daughter in-law and grandchild clearly drove the woman insane. I spent ten minutes lugging in all the stuff she had gotten for them. As I laid out all the toys for my Kid who couldn't even move yet, I harkened back to the Christmas' where I could have two, and only two presents.

When I brought this up, Mom patted me on the cheek and said 'I'm a Grandmother now', as if that somehow made up for twenty-seven years of neglect and hardship on my part. I would have been more upset if Tamara hadn't been running back and forth between the bathroom and bedroom showing me all kinds of 'safe' stuff for me to see. She promised I'd see more when Mom left. 

Normally I can physically take my Mother, no problem. I would rather have wrestled a grizzly bear than have tried and pry my Son away from her I soon discovered. It was well after dark, and past his bedtime, before I finally threw her out the door. When I got back to our bedroom I discovered I wasn't' the only one who remembered it was our wedding night.

SWEET MOTHER OF GOD! I married a hot woman. Even the knowledge that my Mother picked out this stuff with her and that clearly Mom had some serious kink going on that I had (thankfully) known nothing about couldn't control my ardor. She's lying there in a sheer white lace half-bra which is fighting a battle in vain to keep her D-cleavage in check or hide the darkness of her areolas. The matching white panties were showing me that someone went to a spa today and got waxed.

"I'm not too fat, am I?" she asked nervously. My drooling and lack of blood flow to the brain made me hesitate, which she misconstrued.

"You think I'm fat," she said sadly.

"Oh hell no!" Insisted, "You are the hottest, most sexual and sensual woman I've ever seen or even dreamed about. Honey, you've gotten even attractive and I didn't think that was possible."

The smile made her whole face come to life and glow.

"You really like it?" she whispered. In response I fell to my knees and clasped my hands in prayer. That display made her giggle.

"May I touch you," I begged, "because I can't believe you are real?"

That was clearly the right thing to say because she made a beckoning motion with her finger. I waddled forward on my knees which caused her giggle again. I crawled up on the bed with her and planted a slow, gentle kiss on her lips. I kissed her lower lip then worked my way down to her chin. Tamara murmured.

Carefully as to not spook her, I placed one hand on her thigh and drew a line to her hip then back to her knee. By then I had nestled under her chin and was working my kisses down her neck and to her breastbone.

"I love you," she breathed.

"I love you too," I responded. "Do you want me to stop?" She shook her head.

"No. I've missed you so much," she sighed. Now I think my face must off glowed because I felt some real shortness of breath. I leaned back and started hurriedly taking off my clothes. Tamara drank in my body as I stripped. It is a wonderful feeling for a man to have.

I peeled off my underwear and I felt on fire for her. I never had any other woman do that for me. I came back across the bed to her and planted another kiss on her lips. I snuggled up against her. This time I put my hand on her waist and that startled her. I let her calm back down and look deep into my eyes before moving my hand around.

For a few minutes all I did was make small stroking gestures up and down her side. It was sensual, not sexual. Except for cross back and forth over the panty line at her hip, I didn't do what most people would be consider overtly sexual. Where her hips swept into her waist was an erogenous zone for Tamara. She purred every time I stroked her.

"I missed you so much," I whispered to her. "Let me show you how much." She smiled and nodded. I brought up my hand and slipped off one bra strap. I'd foolishly lost nearly a year away with this woman, but I wasn't going to rush her because of my raw hunger. I moved my hand along the top of the half-cup. She moaned and moved her face in until she was kissing and sucking on my neck.

I teased the top of the bra and touched the top of her areola. She mumbled something.

"What was that Love?" I murmured.

"Move faster damn it," she moaned. Since I know that I'm in charge, I moved faster damn it. I reached around and unclasped her bra. At the same time I let out my own moan; the hickey she was working on was driving me crazy.

Her bra came down and I slipped her breast out of the cup and broke Tamara's hold on me to take the nipple into my mouth. I rolled the nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. Boy was I surprised.

"What the hell?" I sputtered.

"Honey, what's wrong?" Tamara asked.

"It tastes ..."

"Leo, I'm making milk for Christopher," Tamara explained.

"You're lactating ... I'm an idiot. Of course you are. You have a two month old child." I felt like slapping myself.

"Does it taste bad to you?" worried Tamara. I had to think about that then I took another taste of her breast milk. I suckled for several seconds. I made eye contact and smiled.

"I kind of like it," I grinned. I went back to the breast and she began stroking the back of my head.

"Easy Baby, your Son needs some of that too," she teased me. I looked to her with a pleading look in my eyes. "Fine," she giggled, "you can have that one, but only that one." When your wife says you can only suckle at one nipple what do you say? You say THANK YOU! 

"Mmnkmoo," Tamara heard me said.

"You're welcome," she sighed sensually. "I'm a little sore, so take it easy please." I immediately eased up and did more tongue twirling than sucking. She appreciated the gesture. I pulled back and snickered.

"I tasted this before. I sampled the bottle before I gave it to Christopher. I was thinking he was a lucky guy. Now I know he is. How is this possible?" Tamara playfully smacked my head.

"I thought you were a doctor," she grinned. "It's called a breast pump." I grinned back, and she read my mind. "No, you may not use it on me," she squawked. "It's a woman-thing." I bent over the pert nipple and gave it a quick kiss.

"I'll be back for you," I promised the nipple -- my nipple. 

I returned to working the bra pealing it off the other breast, which I also gave a quick kiss to, and pressed it down to her elbow. She wiggled her body and I finished removing it. Tamara used my distraction of her two mammaries being unleashed to massage my cock. She gave it a playful tug.

"I've missed you, my friend." I thought she was talking to my cock and I was right.

"He's missed you too."

"What about Debra?" Tamara asked softly.

"We tried once soon after I got back," I confessed.

"What happened?" She realized I was blushing so she put her hand underneath my chin and tilted my head up. "It's okay. You can tell me."

"I ... I couldn't perform," I groaned. "Sorry, but she wasn't you and I just couldn't." She hugged me to her and kissed my forehead.

"I'm glad you didn't," Tamara murmured.

"Having met Debra I would think we are both happy nothing happened," I responded. There was this pregnant pause where I stroked a circle around her/my nipple.

"Did I mention I much I've really, really missed you," she said in a husky, hungry voice.

I pressed on her, pushing her onto her back and settled between her legs. 

I began ravaging her neck and shoulder with kisses. Tamara began bucking her crotch up against me and I ground back in return. I had almost forgotten how intoxicating her need could be. I was overtaken with a wild urge and ripped her panties off her in one violent yank.

"Leo!" Tamara squealed, "Those were brand new!"

"I'll help you pick out a new pair tomorrow," I grinned. "Hell, I'll sit back and let you try out the whole store."

"They don't actually let you put them on in the store," she panted.

"Fine," I snickered, "I'll buy everyone you like and you can try them on at home." Something I said brought her up short.

"I'm home, aren't I?" she breathed up at me with those sensuous ice-blue eyes full of innocence. 

"Wherever I'm with you is home," I replied. That led to a new round of kissing. As I bent over her our old synergy came back. Tamara placed her arms up against me, not pushing me away but supporting my weight. 

I took that opportunity to slip my fingers inside her. She couldn't wiggle around well enough which only proved that pregnancy hadn't harmed her flexibility in the slightest. After so long felt myself slowly pressed her. I took a deep breath as my head entered her warmth. A noise disturbed my concentration.

"What's that?" I panted.

"The baby monitor," she informed dummy-me, "it's okay, that's him moving around in his sleep." I opted to move around inside my wife since I clearly have Christopher's approval. Tamara wrapped her arms around my shoulders and began kissing me again. I penetrated deeper into her until I reached that magical spot and she rebounded up against me.

"Yes," she moaned, "like that ... even better than I remembered." I decided that there were no words to answer that so I began to piston in and out of her with more and more vigor. We rediscovered our rhythm like it had only been days not months. Her legs wrapped around me, heels on my ass driving me ever deeper into her. I was so totally into this.
