 Authors note: This is the second story I have written with these characters. If you have not read "Kid Sister" I recommend you read it first. This story gives a little background on what happened in that story, but not much detail. I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you like it or not please rate it and leave a comment. I welcome constructive feedback but delete trolling or comments that just say "this sucks." Again, please rate and comment it's the only way I know if my writing is improving. 

* * * * *

Like I've said before, my wife, Melissa, is amazing, but I cheated on her with her younger sister, Felicity. Felicity was a little firecracker in the sack, and I had had a blast fucking her and her friend, Tiffany, when Melissa and I visited her family for spring break during my last semester of graduate school. 

I had proposed earlier in that year and when spring break rolled around we flew out to give Melissa's mom and sister the news. I got a little drunk with Felicity while Melissa and their mom, June, were on an overnight spa retreat. One thing led to another, and I ended up in a three way with two high school seniors. I don't regret it one bit. You see, Melissa had cheated on me with a friend of hers and her friend's boyfriend a couple of years before. I felt like I was getting payback. What happened the night before I got married was all on me, and I am sure that I will deal with the karmic consequences at some point. 

To understand my mindset a little, I will take you back a bit. The month before our wedding, Melissa had read an article in one of her girl magazines, the ones that have articles like "10 Ways to Increase Your Man's Sex Drive" and "How to Better Please Your Man." The article she had read convinced her that in order to make our wedding night special, since we had been sleeping together for a few years, was to go on a thirty day sex fast. 

"Babe, that's bullshit," I told her. "If we go a month with no sex, our special night will be over in a few minutes." 

"The article said that there will be so much sexual tension that it will feel like nothing we have experienced before," she retorted trying to convince me. 

"I can understand why that might work for you," I added, "but I will blow my load in the first two minutes and your," I raised my hands to make air quotes, "special night will be a brief moment instead."

"Don't be gross," she told me. Her face had crinkled up in a cute way when I had said 'blow my load.' "Just go with me on this. It'll be be great. I promise." She flashed her beautiful smile at me. It was the one that I couldn't say no to. 

"Fine," I caved. "Whatever you want. I want it to be your special night. If you want me to cum in two minutes, I'll do a thirty day sex fast with you." She crinkled her face again at my obvious dig, but didn't say anything about it. 

"Good," she said smiling. 

This story begins at our rehearsal dinner. Melissa, Felicity, June, and I were at a pretty fancy restaurant with a dozen or so other friends and family. Felicity and June sat across from Melissa and I at the table. Melissa was telling a story about something she had done with one of her girlfriends the day before. I just sat and politely listened. Felicity kept giving me a flirty look that I had grown accustomed to over spring break and the other couple of occasions we had seen Melissa's family. It was very subtle, but it drove me pretty wild. 

"...so she sent the plate back with the waiter, and asked for something else," Melissa said wrapping up the story I had stopped listening to thanks to Felicity. 

"Wow, that's crazy," Felicity chimed in. 

"I know," Melissa replied. "Every time I go out with her it's the same thing," she said. Then immediately started another story. As I sat there silently flirting with Felicity, I felt a small stockinged foot push its way gently in between my knees and past my thighs. The ball of the foot found its way to the shaft of my cock and began running up and down the length. The flesh in my pants began to harden as the foot gently caressed my member. I raised my eyebrows at Felicity and she responded by doing the same and cracking her sly smile. The foot in my crotch continued to work up and down. I subtly glanced away from Felicity and slightly gestured with my head toward the bathroom then immediately looked back at the eighteen year old girl. She bit her bottom lip and looked back to my fiancée. 

"I'm gonna go the bathroom," she said interrupting Melissa's story. "I don't feel so well." The foot left my crotch as Felicity stood up. 

June turned to look at her daughter. "Oh, what's wrong, sweetie?" she asked. 

"Just crampy I guess," Felicity replied. 

"Filters, please!" Melissa called out with a grimace on her face. "Nobody wants to hear about your lady problems, Fee." Felicity gave her a dirty look before turning and heading around the corner. 

I jumped feeling my phone vibrate in my pocket. Felicity's picture showed in the screen. 

"I gotta take this. It's work stuff. I'm sorry, babe," I lied. I kissed Melissa on the cheek and stood up. "I'll only be a few minutes," I told them over my shoulder as I rushed around the corner. Felicity was waiting at the door. It had been several months since our last adventure, and I had no problem if she wanted to go again. 

"Come on," she said grabbing my hand. "My car is over here." Felicity led me to her car. It was in the back of the parking lot under a big tree. She opened the back door and climbed into the back seat. I followed suit. 

"I haven't fooled around in the back seat of a car in almost ten years," I told her thinking back to high school. 

"Shut up and kiss me," she commanded grabbing my face with both hands and pulling me in for a deep kiss. "We have to be quick," she added pulling back away. Her hands very quickly dropped down to my pants. She deftly unbuckled my belt, undid my pants, and dropped the zipper as I adjusted my self into a sitting position. I lifted my ass and pushed my pants and boxers down around my ankles. 

Felicity wasted no time in sucking my quickly growing cock into her small soft lips and mouth. Her tiny hands pumped up and down as she worked my now sloppy rod. The feeling was super intense. I had gone the entire month, to that point, without having sex or even jacking-off. It only took a few extra pumps of her hand and mouth to send me over the top. She had not expected me to cum so quickly as her muffled sound of surprise escaped. Spurt after spurt erupted from my throbbing cock. Felicity was a good sport and continued to swallow every bit of it. When the blasts finally subsided she lifted her head and looked up at me. There were two small trails of semen running out of the corners of her mouth. She playfully wiped each corner of her mouth with her index finger and licked it clean. 

"You had a little built up tension there," she said smiling. 

I had leaned my head back against the headrest and closed my eyes. "You have no idea," I said letting out a relaxed breath of air. 

"I think we have time for a little more," Felicity said hiking her skirt up around her abdomen and straddling my lap. She reached down into her crotch and ripped a hole in the nylon stockings she was wearing before pushing her little panties aside to reveal her bald, pink pussy. I grabbed her hips and lifted her nubile frame up enough that she could guide the head of my dick into her wet hole. My head tilted back as her tight slit welcomed my stiff member into its embrace. As Felicity slid down lower on my cock we looked into each other's eyes. I could see the glint of primal lust in Felicity's gorgeous jade eyes just before she hit the bottom and threw her head back. She let out a loud moan as I lifted her slender body. Felicity held onto my shoulders lowering back down onto my crotch. I thrust my hips up each time she slid down. Our pace increased as I pounded away at the dripping hole. 

"Oh god I missed the way your cock feels," she yelled as we quickly moved in unison. She let out more moans of pleasure. "Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" I thrust up into her again. 

"Me too," I called out. 

"Do it! Cum in my pussy, Big Ben!" She yelled. I didn't stop to ask as I thrust into her a final time blowing a second hot load deep inside her. Her entire body trembled as she climaxed as well. It would not surprise me if someone in the parking lot had heard as she cried out. She collapsed against my chest and kissed me. 

"I needed that," I told her. 

"I haven't cum like that since spring break," she replied. 

"We better get back," I said looking at my watch. It had been jut over ten minutes. "They will start to wonder what's happened to us. Felicity got off of my lap and turned around to lean into the front seat. She flipped down the visor and looked at the mirror. She wiped at the corners of her mouth and messed with her hair. I couldn't help but stare at her perfect little ass bent over in front of me, her skirt still around her waist and stomach. I snapped out of my daze when she reached back and straightened the garment and sat back down in the seat beside me. I reached down and pulled up my pants and boxers, safely tucking the wilting flesh back in before zipping my pants. Felicity leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. 

"That was fun," she said smiling. She turned and opened the door before climbing out. She stuck her head back in and said, "Wait another minute or so before you come back. Gotta make sure we don't come in together." Felicity closed the door before I could respond. I finished adjusting my clothes then leaned my head back against the head rest and closed my eyes. 

A minute or so passed before I got out and walked back into the restaurant. Felicity was already sitting at the table with Melissa and June when I sat down. 

"Sorry about that. Took longer than I thought it would," I lied. Melissa leaned over an kissed my cheek. 

"No problem. It's not like it's our rehearsal dinner," she replied. There was a jabbing tone. She was not upset about the call that I had taken. She just wanted to give me a hard time.

The rest of dinner went by smoothly. We all laughed and talked and enjoyed each other's company. When dinner ended, we all left and headed back to our hotel. 

Melissa and I had separate rooms, so she could get ready for the wedding without me seeing her. My best man, Jerry, was staying in my room to keep me company. He did a pretty poor job of doing that, since I went back to the room alone, and he went with one of the bride's maids to her room. I kicked off my shoes and spread out on the bed with the TV remote. I wasn't really tired yet, so I was gonna zone out with some shitty TV show. 

A knock on the door awakened me. I looked at my watch it was almost midnight and I had dozed off watching some hillbilly backwoods reality show. Some obnoxious show about middle aged house wives was on so I turned off the TV as I got out of bed. 

"Lose your key, Jerry?" I called out as I walked to the door. I was surprised to find that it was not Jerry standing in the hall. I stood in the door gawking at the person before me. 

"Maybe you could invite me in?" June asked. She was in the hall, hands on her hips, wearing a deep red, silk house robe that barely made it to the middle of her thigh. She raised her eyebrows silently asking the same question again. I shook my head to clear the cobwebs and stepped aside. I gestured silently with my hand the invitation to enter. 

"Are you doing okay?" I asked stammering a bit to start the question. 

"I'm doing well," she responded eloquently. "Except that, tonight when I made a move on you, you ran off and fucked my daughter and not me." I quickly shut the door. 

"That was you?" I asked stunned.

"I couldn't help myself. The bulge in your pants was too much for me to resist. When Melissa and I spent the night at the spa, we had a girl talk about how good you are in bed," June told me. "I'm a little concerned. You had sex with Felicity at your rehearsal dinner the night before your wedding. I may have to tell Melissa what happened."

"I didn't have sex with Felicity at dinner," I lied. "Why would you say something like that?"

"Because you did. You two both conveniently left the table at the same time after giving each other 'Fuck Me' eyes for several minutes while I rubbed your cock with my foot. Now, I know that what I was doing was wrong, but I'm just a horny old lady. Can you blame me? You on the other hand should be ashamed of yourself."

I was caught and there was nothing I could say to convince her of any other possibility. 

"Don't tell Melissa. It was a moment of weakness. We hadn't had sex in a month and when you messed with me under the table, I got really worked up. I thought it was Felicity making a move on me. Please, just don't tell her what I did. I promise it won't happen again." I begged. 

"Well that would be a shame. If you never did it again, that is. If that is true, then when would I get a chance with Big Ben?" June asked. I didn't know how to respond. I was completely caught off guard. "You show me a good time, and I'll keep your little secret." I paused briefly to mull over the situation that had presented itself to me. I really had no choice, and it's not like it was going to suck. June was a smoking hot woman by any standards. She was especially hot considering she was in her early fifties and had had two children. 

"What ever it takes," I said agreeing to her terms. 

"Perfect," she said smoothly reaching toward her waist. Her nimble fingers untied the silk belt that rested on her ample hips. She pulled the ends apart and let them fall. The robe opened enough to reveal June's fit tummy, a satin red bra that supported her ample breasts, and the matching pair of panties. I felt the rod in my pants stir and begin to harden as June slipped the robe off of her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. 

If you had shown me a picture of what I saw in front of me and said that it was a fifty-two year old woman, I would have laughed and asked if you were joking. I scanned her from top to bottom. June had medium length sandy brown hair. Her face had sharp, but alluring, features. Her long eyelashes fluttered in front of her hazel eyes. She had those pouty lips that her daughters had inherited. June's large breasts filled the DD-cup bra and were shoved together forming extremely luscious cleavage. She had some fine definition on her abdomen that showed she put a considerable amount of effort into her very attractive figure. Her narrow waist expanded out into her gorgeous wide hips. June exhibited the definition of an hourglass figure. Her hips tapered into equally appealing long legs. The sexy limbs were smooth, silky, and blemish free. I expected there to be some rippling in her thighs and hips, but there was none to be seen. This woman did everything right to maintain her stunning body. 

"What do you think?" she asked after I had been checking her out for almost a full minute. 

"I see where your daughters get there good looks from," I replied. "You are gorgeous."

"I've shown you mine. Now, let me see yours," she commanded. 

I pulled my shirt up and over my head revealing my fairly toned torso. I used my heels to push each shoe off as I unbuckled my belt. I quickly undid my pants and pushed them past my hips. Gravity took care of the rest. I stepped out with one foot and kicked my pants off with the other letting them fall a couple of feet away from where I stood. The tight fabric of my boxer briefs fought to hold back the bulge growing in my pants. I held my hands out at my side, palms facing June, as if to ask, 'So, what do you think?'

"Very, nice," June said softly in her sultry tone. "I see why Felicity has been calling you Big Ben." A nervous feeling washed over me. If it was that obvious to June, how long would it take for Melissa to get the joke. "I guess Melissa hasn't caught on, but I figured it out pretty quick. Go ahead and drop your shorts. Let's take a look at that big dick of yours." I let the feeling go and started to do what I was told, quickly grabbing the waistband of my boxer briefs. June held up her index finger to stop me. "Slowly," she commanded quietly. 

I slid the boxers slowly down my thighs. My neatly trimmed back pubic hairs appeared first followed by the first inch or so of my now mostly hardened cock. My rod strained against the elastic of my underwear as I continued to lower them. My thick member sprang up as the head cleared my boxers. It almost made the full trip up to my stomach. It bounced a few times before coming to a stop and hanging down slightly from its own weight. I let the garment fall the rest of the way to floor and kicked it onto my pants. The motion caused my cock to sway again. June's eyes were wide with anticipation. 

"My god, you are big," she exclaimed with a gasping breath. "Come over here," she said crooking her index finger at me. I did as I was told stepping forward toward my soon to be mother in-law. June reached up and gently grabbed the back of my neck. She pulled me down toward her and passionately kissed me. Her soft lips pressed against mine. Our mouths parted allowing our tongues to explore each other's kiss. I reached around her back and pulled her in closer. She reached back with one hand and moved mine from her lower back onto her small, but firm, ass. I squeezed hard then raised my hand before quickly bringing it back for a hard slap. June jumped a bit surprised by the rough contact but she let out a short giggle of pleasure. She arched her back slightly sticking her ass out a bit. She wanted me to do again. I slapped her sexy ass one more time. 

I felt a subtle touch on the base of my cock just above my balls. Her fake nails gently scraped back along my scrotum until my balls were cupped in her small palm. The sensation was electric as we continued to make out and my fiancee's mother groped my large testicles. June slid her hand up my sack once again dragging her nails along the sensitive skin. The sensation intensified as the nails kept going up my shaft. When she reached the end, her had turned over and she wrapped her nimble fingers around my shaft. My eyes closed as the older woman's hand worked back and forth pulling my cock toward her abdomen. She backed up from our kiss then licked her lips. 

Without a word she knelt down on the floor and began kissing the head of my cock while still working the shaft. Her lips somehow felt softer than they had while we kissed. June pushed her hand back one last time. Her hand stopped and rested at the base holding my complete erection out toward her. Those soft pouty lips parted and slowly wrapped around the tip of my cock. I felt sheer ecstasy as my shaft disappeared inch by inch into the mouth of the older woman. When she reached her limit, she adjusted her mouth and waggled her head a little taking me another inch deeper. Then, another inch, and another. She let go with her hand and wrapped her arms around my hips. Her hands gripped into my ass and pulled me toward her. I watched as my entire cock vanished into the mouth and throat of my Fiancee's mother. I had never experienced a feeling like it before. Some women had gone pretty far, but no one had ever taken it all. I felt the tip of her tongue licking at the base as she gagged on my absent member. Then, like a sword exiting its sheath, the shaft started to become visible once again. June backed all the way off before plunging quickly back down a second time inhaling my entire cock once more. Each time she repeated the process more and more spit trailed from her mouth to my cock. She finally began using short up and down motions where she would go all the way down then back up halfway before plunging back toward my crotch. I felt my balls begin to clench. Two more motions of her mouth and I erupted. Multiple pulses of my hot semen shot deep into her throat. She backed off and sucked on the head as more shots blasted into her mouth. When the cumming subsided she sucked the last bit out of me before rising to her feet. I had had good blow jobs before, but her experienced mouth and throat took first prize. To this day, I've never had it better than June. 
