 This is my first submission. Hopefully you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. It is one part fiction and one part true. Hopefully the fiction becomes true, and this becomes autobiographical. :) 

Special thanks to MaximusTheMad for editing this for me.

*****

Kiki and I married young, had kids young, and amazingly were able to retire young. We've been married for 25 years, and they've been very good years. We lived modestly, made wise choices financially, and I got an incredible buyout offer when my company moved out of state. 

We were able to purchase a wonderful home on ten acres about thirty minutes outside of our hometown. Close enough to our kids, and soon to be grandkids, to keep Kiki happy, and far enough away from town to have some privacy. 

The house is a bit of a fixer upper, and I am handy enough to do most of the work. My first project was to redo the bathroom with a spa style shower and a large whirlpool tub. The second project was to put in a pool, hot tub, and deck. 

This pool and hot tub arrangement gave me visions of Kiki and I spending hours nude in our private getaway and wild fantasies of us making love under the stars. She is well aware of my preference for nudity, and has tolerated my skinny dipping, but has yet to participate apart from a few midnight swims. 

She grew up feeling as though she was overweight, and our fashion model obsessed culture has made her ashamed of her body even though her 36DD's have always given me a rise and her succulent ass has always filled me with delight. My constant requests for her to sunbathe nude or swim in the daylight hours have always been met with annoyed glares from her. 

We often enjoy breakfast together. Her often in her pajamas, and me wearing a T-shirt and running shorts. I rarely wear underwear these days because I will often jump in the pool or hot tub and strip them off anyway. 

She looked up at me from her breakfast and asked, "Jeff, how do fast food places know when you pull up?" 

I said, "I assume they have a camera or some sort of sensor to let them know you're there."

She asked, "How hard do you think they are to install?"

I said that I had no idea, but that they couldn't be that hard, but now I was curious. She rarely has any interest in techy type things. I've always been the nerdy one who likes to know random useless trivia.

That's when she blew my mind. She said, "I've been thinking. You're always trying to get me to run around nude for you, swim nude, and have naughty sex outside. I'm willing to try some new things, but I want to be sure that someone doesn't come to the door, or worse yet, the kids don't come by to visit unannounced. If you'll install one of those things at the front gate, I'll give it a try."

Once I picked my jaw up off the ground, I jumped on my tablet and found out that I could install one for a couple hundred dollars. I had it ordered before I could finish breakfast.

I happily told her that I'd ordered it, and that's when she sprung the next surprise, which was just as shocking. She informed me that she had a couple of conditions in order for her to follow through. "Jeff, if I'm going to be uncomfortable for you. You're going to have to be uncomfortable for me. I know that you get some kind of erotic thrill from being out there in the buff- don't pretend that you don't. I see you in the pool with your hard-on, or taking your time walking from the pool to the hot tub, hoping that I'll see you.

"Now that I'm going to do it, too, I don't want your hands all over me every waking second. I want to be able to relax in the sun.

"Here's what I'm willing to do. I will play along with your nudist games once the sensor is installed, but you're going to do a few things for me in return."

I instantly thought I had it made. I was more than willing to do some housework, weed the lawn, give her back massages, or any other matter of husbandly duty she could come up with.

That's when she went to the kitchen cabinets and pulled out a box about the size of a large candle. She placed it on the table with a smile, and told me to open it. I opened it to find a small metal contraption with a padlock and set of keys. 

As I looked up at her with questioning eyes, she said, "It's called a cock-cage. That's right, I've been researching this for a little bit, and I think I've found a fair trade. I know you, you're going to be horny as a teenager while we wait for this sensor to be delivered, and then once it's installed, you'll likely be after me so much that you'll piss me off, and then I'll be so irritated that I won't even want to have sex. So, this is the tradeoff: you put me in charge of your cock, and I'll hot tub, swim and tan nude with you every day. The day that you complain about it, the party is over. What do you say?"

I started stripping down in the kitchen, and grabbed the cage to put it on. In the thirty seconds it took to strip, my cock got harder than it has been in my 45 years on earth, and the cage wouldn't fit. 

I looked at her and said, "The cage is too small, what do we do now?"

She looked at me with a smile, and started stripping off her PJ's in the kitchen (this has never happened in our marriage), and I thought that I was going to like this new arrangement. 

She knelt down in front of me and held my cock in her hand. She began teasing the tip of my cock, and precum began oozing out of the tip. She used that precum as lube and rubbed right under the head with her thumb as I slowly began to rock my hips. I thought I was in heaven. 

She stuck her tongue out and teased the tip with her tongue while slowly stroking down my shaft. I loved the look of my sexy wife when she was on her knees in front of me, and I could see that sexy ass sticking out behind her. At that point, I was getting worked up, and I started to try to take control so I could move behind her to take her doggy style, and that's when things changed. 

She grabbed my balls hard enough to make me wince, and she looked up at me and said, "I may be on my knees, but I'm in charge of your cock. I didn't say that you could move. Sit down in that chair. I'll let you know when you can get up."

I'd never seen her like this, but I was certainly not going to mess this up. I sat down, and she went right back to work on my cock. She licked it and drooled on it until there was a pool of saliva on the chair. I started getting so close to cumming that I began to shake, and every time I got close, she would slow down and make lighter touches on my dick, until she was just barely touching me. 

I was so sensitive, I felt like just her breathing on my cock could make me cum. 

She started making light little licks on the underside of my mushroom head, and I started to tense up. I could feel the cum begin to boil in my balls. I could feel the cum begin to build up so slowly, it felt like it was slowly oozing up my shaft. It was the strangest orgasmic feeling I've ever had. She never gave me enough attention to actually make me cum, but kept me right on the edge of cumming. 

The only way I could describe it is that it was as if there was so much cum in me that it was beginning to overflow my body. I began babbling incoherently. I'm not the kind of guy who swears very often, but I'm sure there were a number of 'holy shits', 'fucks', and 'oh my gods".

Then, just as I was about to explode in an epic orgasm, she stopped, and literally just blew on my dick. No touching, just her warm breath. As she did, it was as if I was on the top of a hill, and I just slowly tipped over the edge.

Cum began to slide- not squirt- out of the end of my cock and started to puddle on the chair. It went on for what seemed like forever. It was probably the biggest load I've ever had.

When it was done, she looked at it and said, "That looks too good to waste." She has never swallowed my cum, but she licked it right up off the chair, and with a full mouth said, "You want to share?" I shook my head no, and she swallowed it down.

I was amazed that this gentle, and, up until now, prude wife of mine had been so bad. In fact, I was even more amazed that I was just as turned on as before, and as hard as I'd ever been, harder than I'd ever been in my life. 

She went to back to the cabinet and revealed a tube that I assumed was lube. She began to slide it up and down on my cock. Rather than lubing me up, my skin absorbed it almost instantly, and I noticed that I could hardly feel her touch.

She saw the look of surprise in my eyes and informed me, "I discovered this cream on the same site that I ordered your cage from. It is called numbing cream. It will make sure that you won't feel anything while I enjoy myself. I'd hate for you to finish today before I do."

With that, she led me to our couch, made me lay down and slowly slid her wet pussy onto my cock. I couldn't believe my eyes. I could see, and my brain could register, that she was engulfing my cock, but I couldn't feel a bit of pleasure, only a mild pressure as she slid down onto me. 

She began ever so slowly riding me from tip to base, and I realized that I had a newfound appreciation for her sexy body. I began to get my pleasure simply from watching her tits bounce up and down, and although neither one of us had the body of a teenager anymore, I was mesmerized by the movement of her soft belly, and beautiful thighs. 

I was turned on even more as I realized that I was becoming living sex toy for her. She began to slowly increase her pace until she was fucking me with an abandon I had rarely seen in her. Our bodies smacking together so loud that I could barely hear her moans of ecstasy. 

Her nipples began to swell, and her chest began to flush crimson. She started squeezing her breasts and pulling them out from her body like I'd never seen her do before. 

She began to moan. It was a sound that emanated from deep inside her as if she were possessed by a sex goddess, and she came, she shook and trembled violently. Finally arching her back in a body encompassing orgasm and collapsed on top of me.

As we lay there, she began to shift back into my loving and cuddly wife. She slid off of my cock, and curled up next to me. She had a look of complete satisfaction and smile like the cat who ate the canary.

I looked down, and to my amazement my hard cock was beginning to shrink. The lack of stimuli, and the exhaustion from our exertions must have taken a toll on me. I was as still horny as I'd ever been, and my cock was shrinking. 

This was really fucking with my head. She sat up and began to watch me shrink. She said with a giggle, "I thought you were horny. If you can keep it up, I'll let you cum, but if not- we should probably just put that cock in its cage for safe keeping."

I reached down to start stroking, and she swatted my hand away. "Nope, that's mine to play with. If you can't stay hard, you need to be put away." With that, she went to the kitchen, and came back with the cage and some ice. 

She iced me down until I was the size of a prepubescent boy, and then slid my cock into the cage and held the lock out for me. She said, "This is the deal, if you liked what just happened, lock him up and give me the key. I will be in control of your cock and orgasms for as long as you want me to parade around the house nude. You get to pick what I wear or don't wear, and I'll swim, sunbathe, and hot tub nude with you." 

She continued, "I will even raise the stakes for you. I will be your sexy vixen. I will tease you and please you, by finding new and creative ways to keep you aroused, as I know you seem to think that I'm a bit of a prude. I liked what we did here today, but the day you complain about me controlling your cock, it all comes to a screeching halt. If you're game, I want you to click that lock shut, and hand me the key."

Needless to say, the next sound that was heard in our house was, "Click..."

Kiki and I are anxiously waiting on our driveway sensor to arrive. I can't wait to see what lays in store for us.