 The College delegation to send off the distinguished visiting professor from Moldova couldn't go past the airport check in counter – he would have to leave them there to go through security to his gate. There was plenty of time but by then everyone had had quite enough of Doctor Viku Dicae and his critical theory of cultural insemination and the demanding and arrogant attitude that he brought with it. The students were glad to have met him and happy to see him leave, because he was a dirty old man. The President of the famous College, the chairman of the philosophy department, and the director of the program in comparative literature were relieved that, thanks to Kiki, the academic satyr had not left behind a trail of pregnant students, like he had at the University of Caen the year before. 

Only the driver was sorry to see Dicae go, because that meant he wouldn't get a chance to help Kiki in and out of the van anymore and he would greatly miss those upskirt views of her crotch and the whiff of the aroma of her fresh but aroused cunt. Toward the end of Dicae's stay, he had noticed that her shaved, naked pussy looked redder than her usual pink and that there was often a damp spot where she had been sitting in the van. 

Kiki, smiling ear to ear at the prospect of Dicae leaving, was standing with them all, dressed in a miniskirt that was not quite as short as usual but still bordering on the indecent. She didn't need it to keep Dicae sexually interested in her anymore, so instead of a micro-mini worn with no panties, her skirt was just short with no panties, in high heels. It still inappropriate for a young woman to be that close to exposing herself in public at an international airport at 10:30 in the morning, and she looked ridiculous with the peasant girl blouse, which was now patched at the sleeve where he had torn it pawing her during forced anal sex the week before. Passengers were looking sideways at her as they passed the odd-looking group on their way to check baggage or buy tickets. 

A couple of security guards had taken a position nearby, in case Kiki was caught soliciting. If she could be found to be importuning for prostitution, the guards were ready to swoop in, take her to the office that airport security shared with the municipal police department, take her to the back room, close the door, throw a rubber mat on the lunch table, and take turns performing a thorough cavity search for the next six hours, ordering in pizza if necessary, and making a video to show the next shift what they missed and maybe post on PornTube. 

Kiki might not have enjoyed the investigation. She was tired. She was exhausted from sleep deprivation meeting Dicae's needs, her two lower holes and her nipples were sore, her jaw ached, her intestines were churning because of the last enema early this morning, her anus was raw from the last anal fuck they had had before they left for the airport, there was still a rumbling sensation deep in her pelvis from all the orgasms from last night, and she had a lingering taste of cum in her mouth. For three weeks, this man had used and abused her freely, as if she had been given to him as a sex slave, and now he was going! 

But she had done it! Against all odds, she had kept him away from the students, using her body to protect theirs! Of course, the real reason Kiki had been asked to run sexual interference wasn't that the students needed protection from sex, since they were fucking each other like rabbits, but that the College didn't want a scandal that would offend the rich daddies paying exorbitant tuition for their daughters' education and the donors giving the big bucks. 

After Dicae left for the departure gate, the students milled around for a while, laughed at Kiki behind her back. The girls made catty remarks. The guys all pretended to be repulsed by her sluttiness but every one of them was fantasizing about a way to approach her without the others seeing them. They all gave up because she was standing too close to the College President. Their bravado in the face of the obviously unattainable was also meant to cover their fears that even though she was closer to their age, she was so out of their league sexually that they could never handle her, even if by some miracle they ever got in bed with her. They were scared of her slutty beauty, her blatant sexuality, and her obvious experience with much older men. Finally, the students figured out that except for staring at Kiki the party was over and so they left for the hour drive back to town and their protected lives within the campus of the College, where they could all resume fucking each other while fantasizing about her.  

After the students were gone, the President of the College took Kiki aside and gave her an envelope, which made the security guards very excited and caused them to move in closer. Oblivious to this, the President then said to her, stiffly, "The College will always be in your debt for what you have done for us. Here is a gift from a small and discreet group of concerned local alumni. Other alumni out of town have been told of your efforts and there will be more gifts coming as word spreads. Thank you, Kiki, for doing this." 

That was all? "Thank you, Kiki, for doing this."? This was the thanks she got? After she had fucked this pig with a flagpole for a dick over and over again for three whole weeks, in every orifice and deep in her guts, the human horse who dumped load after load of sticky semen into her until she felt like a human condom? And this coming from a President who had cried in his office while he sucked her tit because he was so worried about his own reputation and the future of the College? "Thank you, Kiki, for doing this."? Fuck. 

Oblivious to her reaction and assuming that she was perfectly satisfied to get a very generous monetary gift for her service to the College, the President continued. "Kiki, I'm sorry we can't give you a ride back to town but the chairman of the philosophy department and I have to stay here in the city to talk to a potential donor this morning. I'm sure you understand. You can take a taxi back." 

Sure she understood. She didn't mind paying for her ride back – after all, they had just given her thousands of dollars - but she knew that now that she had served her purpose they didn't want to be seen with her. It would sully their reputation and the prestige of the College if they were seen by their important colleagues and associates going around the big city with a tarted up, boner-inducing gorgeous slut dressed like a demented peasant girl. People would get the wrong idea. (On the other hand, this may have been kind of dumb of the President. Two hours alone with Kiki and the donor, if he was male, would be motivated to sign over his entire fortune to the College.) Anyway, the President and the chairman left Kiki behind and headed to the pickup zone to find their driver and the van. 

The director of the program in comparative literature had driven up from town by himself, because he wasn't going to the meeting with the donor. A pleasant-looking, trim middle-man with thinning brown hair turning white at the edges, he graciously offered to take her back. "Kiki, I'm going back to town – you can ride with me."

"Oh, thank you," Kiki replied honestly. Then, as they turned to go, she said, in an unguarded moment, "I'm exhausted after three weeks with that man. I want to go home, have a cigarette, and go straight to my own bed and get some sleep, all by myself, for a change."

"Well, I thought that maybe we could make a stop along the way, Kiki," the professor replied slowly, stopping in his steps and half smiling. "Get to know one another." Whether he meant his own place or one of the many motels on the highway back to town, it was clear what he had in mind. The security guards who had been trailing them were less than ten feet away from them now and were listening intently. 

Kiki groaned. "Do you think we could maybe do it another day?" Kiki was sore and desperate to get some sleep. The security guards, who were listening closely, were confused about what was happening.

"Oh, I see. A distinguished visiting professor from another country is sexy and you'll spread your legs in a heartbeat for him. But a tenured full professor of comparative literature is beneath you!" he spat.

"No, you don't understand. If you want to get to know me, hey, let's get it right out there, if you want to fuck me" - two or three passengers who were passing by turned to look at her when she said "fuck me" out loud – "I'm ok with that just please not this morning!" But by this time the director of comparative literature had already stomped off, leaving her talking to herself. "Fuck," Kiki said to herself. She headed for the escalators and went down to the arrivals area, where she got a taxi. 

The security guards were right behind her. They were very unhappy because there are no grounds to arrest and interrogate someone who is actually refusing to have sex, even an obvious slut. Disgusted, now they just wanted to make sure she left the premises so that another outburst of foul language would not draw the attention of passengers who might complain to the airport authority about their inaction. 

On the way back to town, the taxi driver kept trying to interest Kiki in meeting his brother, who seemed to be some sort of high-flying pimp in the city, with a high class clientele. Kiki had him drop her off a block away from her building, just to be sure, so he or his brother couldn't find her again. Then she ducked through an alley into the back entrance of her building so that the neighbors wouldn't see her dressed like she was coming back from auditioning for some bad ethnic porno movie. 

That night, Charlie came over to pick her up. By then, she was somewhat rested after a long nap and her trademark smile with the upturned corners was back. It would take her three days to catch up on her sleep after Dicae's nocturnal copulation habits. It would take another week for the organs in her pelvis and lower abdomen to settle back into their normal position. Her pussy, at least, felt almost back to normal but her asshole was sore, rectum still felt like someone had pole-vaulted into it, and her guts were churning from all the enemas. 

Charlie took her over to see their fuck-friends Dev and Odette, who had moved in together in an apartment in a new upscale development for young professionals near the center of town. 

There, over a nice dinner and glass of wine, with soft music in the background, Kiki told the story of the last three weeks and how Dicae had roughly fucked her mouth, her pussy, and her ass, relentlessly, several times a day and through the night until she felt like a bucket under a hose receiving his semen but how she had managed to keep him away from the horny students he would have seduced and, in all probability, knocked up. She pulled up her skirt to show them that her pussy mound was pinker than usual and she showed them how her anus was red and sore and just starting to feel better. (Kiki never wore panties and almost never wore jeans.) As they talked, they casually shed their clothes, as was their custom. 

"Oh, Kiki, what a nightmare it must have been but it must have been so sexy to have this hunky big academic rock star all to yourself and know he wanted you in the worst way and you beat out all the competition and kept him satisfied – what an accomplishment! But you're so pretty and I'll bet he spent all day sucking your firm tits." She was right, of course. Odette always talked that way, a gush of words. Her own tits were big, flat, saggy breasts on her lean body because she had lost a lot of weight to get back into shape, but she didn't mind because Dev loved the way they hung down to the floor while he fucked her doggie style. 

"Well, let's make Kiki feel better," volunteered Dev, and they put a blanket down on the carpet, finished undressing her, and laid her out on the floor, face down first, and started to massage her beautiful but bone-tired body. Odette sat above Kiki's head and massaged Kiki's shoulders and back, so Kiki could inhale the nice, fresh, inviting odor of Odette's moist cunt. Charlie, a big man – a college linebacker, sat uncomfortably on his haunches with a view of Kiki's pussy and ran his big, black hands over her legs, kneading them soothingly and running his fingers up the inside of her thighs to show her how much he appreciated her sexually. Dev kneeled to the side, leaning over and worked the muscles in Kiki's round, firm butt, pausing occasionally to pull the cheeks apart and blow soothingly on her reddened anus. It was heavenly to have her friends give her this healing massage after the sexual rigors of the past week. 

Then they turned her over together – she didn't have to move a muscle – and started on her front. This time Odette let her long saggy tits embrace Kiki's face while she massaged Kiki's breasts and her long brown hair swept across Kiki's chest and face. Dev gently prodded her tummy and belly with his hands, taking great care to caress her softly with strokes over her uterus and ovaries would be deep inside. Dev was getting an erection, of course. Charlie, her regular lover with his big thick cock hardening, ran his fingers up the front of her legs and now was caressing her outer lips. It would take him a while but he then tugged on her inner lips for a while and ran his fingers up and down her slit many times before he put any pressure at all with his fingers on her stiff little clit, which was by then standing up for attention! 

Kiki just surrendered to the feelings as her friends pleasured her and slipped into a cozy, intimate orgasm that rippled through her pelvis and made her thrust her hips, pushing her mound up against Charlie's huge, strong hand. A feeling of warmth enveloped her, like she was sinking into a hot bath, and she relaxed and sighed deeply. She opened her eyes. "Thanks, guys! That was just what I needed!"

Charlie laughed and moved his legs so that he was kneeling instead of squatting. "Well, now I guess it's time for what the rest of us need!" His big, thick black dick was sticking straight out!

Everybody laughed because they knew what he meant. Kiki was rolled over to her side and then back onto her front, still limp like a rag doll she was so relaxed. Charlie lifted her up by the hips and Dev shoved several throw pillows under her so her ass was up in the air. Meanwhile Odette lay back on the floor, tits flopping to either side and almost touching the floor, and scooted her rear so that her pussy was right in front of Kiki's face and her knees were slightly bent. Kiki put her arms under Odette's knees and got a grip on the girl's thighs. Dev cam over, put a throw pillow under Odette's shoulders so her head would fall back, and kneeled over her face. This was something they had all done several times before and they knew how it worked. 

On a signal from Kiki that she was ready, Charlie leaned his massive body forward and mounted Kiki. He opened her slowly, as he always did, and her cunt gratefully received him. It felt good to Kiki to be stretched wide rather than deep, for a change. After years of doing kegel exercises and having nookie with Charlie, Kiki's vagina was well trained. She could take the biggest cocks, in width, she had ever encountered, like Charlie's, and still go back to virginal tightness within a half an hour. But length was another story. Charlie's penis was long compared to most other men but she could take his length easily once she adjusted to his width. But Viku Dicae had been a freak! She was glad that she didn't ever have to put up with that long snake burrowing up inside her again. 

Charlie's huge body completely covered Kiki's body and half of Odette. When Charlie was in to his balls and had started a slow rocking motion, Kiki pulled Odette toward her by the legs and started sucking Odette's juicy pussy. It tasted good and while it may have been hard to keep on top of Odette's clit with all the rocking motion, she found that if she licked in time with Charlie's thrusts she could get her tongue deep into Odette and Odette would keep juicing. Dev had already inserted his nice, normal-sized cock into Odette's mouth and his girlfriend was happily sucking away on it while he contentedly watched the nipples on her tits slide back and forth on either side of her chest. This is what good friends are for, he thought to himself!

The two couples continued this way for a long time. They were comfortable and relaxed, and the pace was slow. Kiki was getting most out of the action, of course, penetrated to her depths by Charlie's huge and experienced cock, and she had already had one orgasm, so she was the first of the four to climb the ladder. Charlie could feel her move her hips against his and he could feel little contractions in her vagina as she clamped down on him and he knew her sensitive nipples were rubbing against the throw pillow. So he took his big arm and, supporting himself over her with the other arm, reached underneath her to press his fingers against her clit. Kiki gasped from the unexpected touch and Odette felt her pause for a moment and then lick Odette's pussy juices even faster. Odette started to get restless and sucked on Dev's dick harder and brought her hand up to touch his testicles while he leaned over and started tweaking her nipples. 

It was a long time to stay in this complicated position but it was comfortable and it brought them off, one by one! First, Kiki started to moan and then shake in wonderful warm, rippling orgasm as Charlie lowered himself to press her down into the pillows with his huge body and angled his cock so that she felt a different sensation while she rode the convulsions of her second orgasm and started spasming around him! That set Charlie off, and with a grunt he thrust even further into Kiki and started to ejaculate inside her, load after load of warm, rich, potent semen deep in her muscular vagina, coating her thickly inside. Pushing Kiki forward pushed Kiki's nose right into Odette's erect, sensitive clit, sticking way out from under its fold and set it off triggering Odette's orgasm, which left the girl shaking on the floor, tits wobbling, and gushing fluid into Kiki's open mouth. Dev, watching his girlfriend go over the top, pulled his dick out of her mouth so he wouldn't get bitten and watched the scene, stroking himself. 

"Boy that was great!" they all agreed when everyone but Dev had finished coming. Kiki flopped on her back again, bent her knees and spread her legs, showing her cunt overflowing with Charlie's creamy spunk. 

"Odette? Do you want it?" she asked, knowing that the long haired, long-titted girl loved fresh creampie! And sure enough, Odette got down on her knees between Kiki's legs, lowered her head and began to slurp at the yummy mixed juices of Charlie's come and Kiki's vaginal secretions! Dev, knowing his place, moved behind Odette and mounted her, pistoning in and out of Odette's pussy while Odette ate Kiki out. Charlie sat this one out, sitting on the sofa with his half-erect cock, the last drops of come oozing from the tip, while he watched the show. Odette had another orgasm and Dev could feel her become looser and wetter around him. Then Kiki had her third and she was lying there coming out of it, a sheen of sweat all over her chest, when Dev suddenly felt his coming ejaculation. He pulled out of Odette, who was just lapping up the remains of Kiki's last squirt.

"Kiki!" Dev cried, "On your tits!" and he scrambled to her side just in time to let loose with five or six health loads of fresh, steaming semen that arched over Kiki's chest and landed on her boobs. She had just had time to move her hands out of the way while they landed. Now she brought her hands back and started rubbing the cum into her skin of her lovely white tits and chest.
