 Charlie Bigg's big black right hand gently pushed on the small of Kiki's little back, bared in the revealing satin dress, as he guided her through the evening crowd around the dance floor and toward the door to the VIP rooms. Charlie looked natty, in a very expensive, very dark green suit that perfectly suited his deep coffee complexion and a pink shirt that provided the perfect backdrop for an elegant silk tie. He was a big man and he carried himself with complete confidence, even a touch of arrogance. Kiki, of course, was less than half his size, on the small side even though she was not really petite, and looking even smaller because of her delicate features. In the flashing lights of the disco ball and dance floor, her blond hair and very fair skin shown like a brilliant light next to Charlie's dark elegance. 

On the dance floor people were moving their bodies to ear-splittingly loud music. Just music – no band. This was Thursday, not Saturday. Charlie leaned over and had to yell for her to hear him. "Do you want to dance before we go inside?" Kiki shook her head. The loose bodice of her dress under the spaghetti straps covered her areola but not the tops of her luscious, creamy breasts. 

It was a weeknight and although this was the only upscale nightspot in a basically struggling blue-collar medium-sized town, too close to the real city to be important and too far away to be a suburb. If it wasn't for the College being here, and the boost it gave the economy, there wouldn't be more than a couple dozen flashy big-spending people around here who would support a place like this. This was a townie club, too expensive for the students, so there wasn't really much of a crowd. 

They came to the oak doors with brass handles and the bouncer nodded and opened the door for them. Charlie felt at home here – the staff knew him well. He had only brought Kiki here once or twice before but she had the kind of looks that would gotten her into anyplace, even in the big city. 

They were greeted by a hostess in a low-cut white uniform who took them down a corridor lit by pink and blue mood lights to a room on the left, on the side of the dance floor. Kiki noticed a tiny green light, so small it looked like a mere glowing pinpoint on the darkly-painted wall, just to the left of the door. The door had a framed picture mounted on it. In a couple of seconds, after her eyes adjusted, Kiki could see that there were five doors and each had a picture of a different character from the movie "Watchmen". The hostess took them to the door with the Laurie Jupiter character on it. 

Inside, they could feel the thump-thump-thump of the bass through the wall and the even the curtained window, which was double paned to keep the noise way down, so people could hear themselves talk. Through the window they could see the dance floor, which was taken up at the moment by one flashy couple doing a retro routine from the days of disco. 

The VIP rooms were furnished with cushy sofas, armchairs, and loveseats (well named) and low tables and champagne buckets. The hostess made eye contact with Charlie while she flipped a switch on a small phone console next to the sofa. Charlie nodded, to indicate that he knew how it worked. A green light turned off and an amber light went on. There was a third position and from the glint off the console in the dim light Kiki could see that it was red and she easily guessed that that meant strict privacy. She couldn't see the fourth position light, which was yellow, that called the hostess back when the guests wanted the hostess to come back, maybe to order something. Or he could use the house phone for that. Everything was geared to meeting the guests' desires with complete privacy and discretion. Some guests didn't even feel the need to zip up or pull their clothes back down when the hostess came back into the room. 

Kiki noticed, with her eye for detail, that the sofa, loveseat, and armchair had matching covers on them that could be stripped and washed. In a corner there was a wash basin and pitcher of water (how old fashioned!) and some towels and washcloths. Next to them was a basket of wet wipes in little foil packages. The club must expect that their guests were going to make a mess, she thought. 

A big-screen monitor on one wall showed the dance floor from three views, in rotation, if the occupants kept the window curtains closed. Or the channel could be changed to get BET or a music channel. It was certainly possible to find a cable channel or two or more or many with adult entertainment, of every variety except the overtly illegal. It was even possible to switch to an uncensored satellite feed – some of those stations had stuff you wouldn't believe. 

The drink menu pushed Cristal, at $300 a bottle. Charlie got some for himself and for who was coming. Kiki ordered an Alize. The food menu pushed tapas. Charlie asked Kiki if she was hungry but she wasn't. Even so, Charlie ordered the little toast triangles with caviar for her. He wanted her to be very comfortable, physically and mentally, for the night ahead. Smoking was allowed but only the most expensive cigars and cigarettes, which had to be bought from the club. Charlie got one, a cigar that was supposed to be Cuban. Kiki didn't mind cigar smoke and for herself she got a pack of elegant Nat Shermans, in designer colors. 

This was a place where a party could last all night. It was also a place where a party could consist of a dozen or so friends (more seating was available if the girls sat on the men's laps!) or it could consist of a man and a woman. The room was available for a minimum of two hours but most people who enjoyed it stayed until the early hours of the morning, when the club had to close. Kiki wondered for a moment if she would be there that long, but decided that it didn't matter. Anyway, the restrooms were down the hall – the hostess had pointed them out. 

The closing time for the club had been one of Charlie's few failures during his highly successful career as city manager for the town. The good citizens of the town were solidly against having a nightclub operating all through the night. A quick sounding of the town council members and it was clear that the bylaw couldn't get changed without attracting a lot of opposition. In the end Charlie didn't try: he could see that he would probably lose and forcing the issue would take too much juice. Even so, Charlie got to know the owner well. When the club opened, Charlie had still been city manager. The owner ran into a lot of problems, everything from zoning to moonlighting off-duty police working as bouncers who turned out to be on-duty. Charlie had fixed the problems because he could, and because it was to his advantage to fix things for people who mattered in the town. 

They had settled themselves on the sofa and the hostess put a big ashtray in front of them on the low table. The champagne bucket would go next to it when she brought in the Cristal. Charlie made sure that Kiki was comfortable and put his arm around her, and Kiki pushed off her shoes and pulled her legs up under her. She looked tiny and very white next to him. Kiki snuggled up next to him. Charlie's hand rested on her tummy, heavy but familiar and reassuring. As usual, Kiki wasn't wearing panties under the loose satin dress. 

The hostess brought the drinks and set up the ice bucket. She poured their drinks with a flair and handed the clear bubbly to Charlie and the pink stuff to Kiki, smiling at how they had made themselves so comfortable so quickly. "Just call!" she said significantly to Charlie, and then left them alone to listen to the music, talk, and watch the action. 

Through the one-way window, Charlie and Kiki could watch the dancers but nobody on the dance floor could see them. "There they are!" Charlie said, pointing to a couple on the right. 

Kiki could see a handsome, dark-skinned man, looking like he came from India or Pakistan, nattily dressed and dancing with an alluring, tanned slim brown-haired woman who was slightly taller than he was. The woman was hardly dressed in a very thin, clingy tight red skirt with a pink blouse unbuttoned more than halfway down. Her body was more covered by her luxuriant long hair, which hung down to her waist, than by any clothes she was half-wearing. The only reason her prominent, down-pointing nipples were covered at all by the blouse was that her loose and sagging tits hung very low on her chest, exceptionally low for a young woman, and their obviously with very large nipples were pointed down toward the floor instead of forward or higher up. The young man could hardly take his eyes off of them. She seemed proud of how her highly unusual boobs wobbled and swung wildly, barely staying inside her dress as she danced. It looked like there were two squirrels mating inside her blouse. Kiki was entranced by the woman and her sense of confidence in her body. 

Charlie called out on the phone and when he was done he pulled Kiki close to him and kissed her. His hand moved up to her firm, high boobs, so different from the girl on the dance floor. It was obvious that he, too, had been turned on by the girl with the droopy boobs. 

They continued to watch the couple dance. A minute or so later, a bouncer went up to them on the dance floor. The man looked afraid at first but after the bouncer yelled out his message and pointed, everyone smiled and he relaxed again. The couple turned to the window and waved, to let Charlie know they knew he had arrived. They danced another couple of songs before leaving the dance floor. The young woman's long tits were bouncing like basketballs from side to side inside her blouse as she walked away from the crowd. 

Kiki thought to herself that if she had boobs like that, the friction on her nipples would keep her on edge all the time! The woman had to be aroused by all the boob action. Well, she'd find out soon enough!

The hostess brought the couple into the room, where Charlie greeted them heartily and made introductions. "Kiki, this is Dev and Odette. This is the fabulous Kiki I've been talking so much about!" 

Dev took Kiki's hand in an almost old-fashioned way and looked at her with limpid brown eyes. She was immediately drawn to him erotically. Odette was enthusiastic and bubbly and didn't hesitate to hug Kiki like an old friend. Kiki noticed that she held the hug a second too long for just a girl-on-girl greeting – maybe she had tendencies? Kiki didn't mind. 

"I love your outfit!" Kiki said to Odette, admiring her exhibitionistic tendencies in displaying a feature that most girls would try to hide. "It compliments your slim figure!" They were about the same height and Kiki couldn't help but notice that Odette's tits hung so low they came almost to Kiki's waist and that they were soft, not firm and high like her own.

"Oh, I only wear it because it's just such a turn-on for Dev!" Odette squealed. "This is a new me 'cause I haven't been slim anytime in my life until now! I used to be really, really overweight and like my weight went up and down on a rollercoaster ride and I was always feeling flabby and bloated and so one day my doctor and I decided we had to do something 'cause I was only 23 and I looked like a blimp but he got me on this program and I like really, really lost weight but I did it slow over months and didn't gain it back for the first time in my life and when I was done I had a great body and my skin was still tight but all the stuffing had gone out of my boobs!"

Well, thought Kiki, that explained a lot!

"So now I still work hard to be sure I never get that way again but I have the best reason ever now that I'm with Dev 'cause Dev just loves my body the way it is now and he's crazy, like insane, for floppy boobs and here I am with the floppiest – here, look!" Dev overheard her say that and looked a little sheepish as he paused in his conversation with Charlie. 

Odette unbuttoned the last button on her blouse and pulled the two sides apart. There they were. No question that they were the most tanned, droopiest, floppiest tits Kiki had ever seen on a young woman! They looked like tennis balls stuffed into brown tube socks, hanging straight down from her slim chest. And right at the end, pointing almost straight down at the floor, were two of the biggest nipples she had ever seen. 

"Dev was my dentist! I went to him for a split tooth but after he fixed me up he said he couldn't be my dentist anymore because he couldn't take having me as a patient. I asked why and he said that looking down at my chest – you see, that day I wasn't working so I didn't have a bra on 'cause I always go to work with support 'cause otherwise it's crazy – while he had his fingers in my mouth gave him evil thoughts and he was afraid he would hurt me because his hands were shaking I made him so nervous! But he said if I was single maybe he could ask me out and I said sure 'cause he's cute and he likes me the way I am now and there are lots of dentists around."

Charlie noticed that Odette had her tits out and leaned over for a good look. They made him a little queasy. At that point the hostess came in with the drinks Dev and Odette had ordered. She broke into a big grin when she saw that Odette had her tits exposed but she didn't say anything as she put the drinks down on the table. 

"Go ahead! Cop a feel!" said Odette with a grin, inviting the hostess to join in. Kiki and Charlie groped her tits, feeling how loose and spongy the breast tissue was in the ends of her boobs, and how empty the skin bags were they hung from. Even the hostess fondled her, feeling their weight and texture before letting them hang back down and telling Odette how lucky she was. Then the hostess beat a retreat, silently praying to the gods of womanly flesh that nothing like that should ever happen to her. 

"Every day I look in the mirror and I love them this way because Dev gets off on them and because they are a symbol of all the weight I lost!" Odette paused briefly for breath. "Someday I'll get them fixed, with a boob job to pull them up but not for a long time 'cause Dev and I fuck bareback" (Dev didn't flinch when she revealed this) "and someday he's gonna knock me up and then we'll get married but who knows what my tits are going to do first while I'm preggers and then when I'm milking? They could get big again! So I'm goin' to wait until that's over to see what happens before I do anything and in the meantime when they get in the way, I can just sling 'em over my shoulder!" Odette laughed at her own joke but the truth is her tits were so droopy she almost could do it for real! 

The two couples made small talk as they sat and watched the dancers through the one-way window. They commented often on the dancers' bodies and moves. Odette kept her tits right out in full view. Soon, as usual, Kiki ended up sitting on Charlie's lap and his big hand was resting close to her crotch. Her dress was gaping at the top and Charlie unbuttoned it to give everyone got a good look at her very different, pale, and more conventionally sensuous breasts. Dev seemed torn between looking at Kiki's high, firm boobs and his more familiar view of Odette's sagging tits. 

Of course, it did not take too long before the conversation turned to sex. Charlie's hand was up Kiki's skirt by then and she was purring like a kitten. Odette initiated the sex play by lifting one of her long tits up to Dev's mouth and inviting Charlie to suck on the other one. This wasn't so easy because Charlie was much taller but they figured it out and soon Odette had a man on each tit while Kiki looked on, passively. Then Charlie let his side go and brought Kiki up to the low-slung tit and let her suck it for a while, while he lifted the back of Kiki's dress and played with her tight, snow-white ass. Kiki figured that Charlie was going to bone her soon. She could feel her twat juice at the thought. Dev was getting a massive erection in his elegantly-tailored pants, because he loved to show Odette off in front of other people. Odette knew that Dev got excited when he was on her tit and figured he was going to want to give her the bone soon, too. Odette was wetting her panties, she was so excited. 

The two couples separated, undressing as they repositioned. Charlie reached up and turned the video screen in the room to a porn channel. It featured a good-looking couple having sex on a bench in a European park with people walking around them. The couple on the screen were shaved, just like they all were. Kiki thought to herself that she couldn't remember when most people had pubic hair. 

Dev and Odette sunk into the armchair as Dev sunk into Odette, who straddled Dev in a reverse cowgirl, letting her tits sway with his thrusts and moaning. Dev's hands were pulling her cheeks apart, feeling her butt where the skin was still a little loose from all the weight loss but tightening back up noticeably now because she was still young. He was fascinated by how she experienced such huge changes in her body – that was his fetish now! Maybe the next big change would be pregnancy! He hoped so, and then her body would change again and he would have made it happen. 

Kiki had pulled Charlie's enormous cock out of his pants and was sucking on it, slowly and thoughtfully, it's mass filling her mouth. She had already pulled off her dress but she and Charlie had this little kink where they liked her to be nude and for him to keep his pants on for a while. Charlie was lying back on the sofa and listening to Odette moan. When Charlie started to feel himself getting close, he gently pulled Kiki's head off his dick and let her pull his pants down the rest of the way before she climbed up on the sofa and he mounted her in the doggie position. Kiki's own tits hung down delectably and bounced with their motion but were too firm to sway. As always, Charlie had to rock his hips to get the tip of his cock into Kiki's hole and then he had to push hard to enter her, but Kiki had trained for years with dildos to stretch her cunt and Kegel exercises to keep herself tight, so she was really the easiest to fuck of all his girlfriends! And it was really good for her – deep and satisfying! – and Kiki was at the point where everything was set, sex was in motion, and she could just relax and let go, let the guy take over. That was the most enjoyable moment, for her, short of orgasm. 

Kiki's position let her watch Odette as she got fucked, too. Dreamily, while Charlie pounded his big dick into her and churned her insides so wonderfully, she noticed that Odette wasn't only floppy in her tits – her labia seemed big too, like she was one of those women whose pussy lips hang down an inch or more. That's cool, Kiki thought, in her sex haze. My body's tight. Hers is loose. I wonder how that feels? I want to feel her up!

Kiki didn't have much more time to muse about this, though, because Charlie was very excited (as he usually was when he screwed Kiki) and soon started bucking as he spurted long and powerful streams of hot semen right into her tight cunt, six or seven times, until it was running out of Kiki and onto the sofa covers. (Dry cleaning for the sofa covers was factored into the fee for the vip room.) Halfway through Charlie's ejaculation, Kiki gasped and let herself go with a very satisfying come that seemed to grip the cock her pelvis and made little twitching contractions around it. It went on for ages and she felt a rumbling in her chest that lasted a long time before she realized that she was moaning, too. 

As she came around again, Kiki looked over at Odette and saw that she, too, was coming, eyes closed, head thrown back, arms above her head, chest thrust forward, tits rocking back and forth as she and Dev shook in what seemed to be a simultaneous climax. What a well-matched couple! Kiki thought. They have a future together. Charlie and I don't, she mused. We're just a fun couple. What a relief!
