 Kiki sat chatting and smoking with the owner of Tea & Scones, a tea parlor with outdoor seating in a strip mall across the street from the entrance to the town's biggest shopping plaza. It was only 9:53 in the morning and nothing had opened yet. The remains of Kiki's first daiquiri of the day sat drying in a delicate teacup, served in that unusual vessel because the tea parlor did not have a liquor license. 

They were talking about Kiki's reversal of fortune recently, how she had burned her bridges with the College faculty and got the President mad at her and how she wouldn't be invited to entertain at their sex parties again anytime soon. Kiki was upset at one level but she still grinned her trademark smile, with the ends of her mouth curled up, because she also saw the humor in the grim situation.

Kiki's short skirt was hiked up around her hips to give her beautiful shaved pussy an airing in plain view but nobody could see her crotch from the street because she was facing the building and the parlor was empty. Kiki's upper body was in the shade of an umbrella and protected from the summer sun, still rising in the sky. Kiki never sunbathed and rarely stripped down at the beach because she didn't want to age the pale, delicate complexion of her face or the creamy, veiny, almost translucent skin of her succulent breasts, but she liked for her slender legs to get a little sun for color because they were naturally so white. 

Quinlan sat across from her, facing the street to make sure that nobody surprised them, and watching for their old high school friend Odette to come by. She was dressed in a long, dainty white frock with a high neck, a hemline down to her ankles, and lace trim. Like Kiki her knees were spread, her dress was pulled up to just below her knees, and her crotch was open to any breeze that came up between her legs, but because her dress was much longer than Kiki's, people on the street could not see up her skirt to bright red stylishly-decorated shaved pussy underneath. 

Both Quinlan and Kiki believed that a woman's crotch needed air to stay clean and healthy. It certainly worked for them! Between them they must fuck three dozen men a week but their pussies always smelled fresh and tasted good.

Quinlan was an old friend of Kiki's from high school, like Odette a fellow townie, but much more aggressively bisexual than Kiki or Odette. She had a killer body with a strikingly narrow waist over generous hips and almost as stunning a face as Kiki. But Quinlan had tough-looking green eyes, a red-headed biker chick. Outside the tea parlor Quinlan usually dressed in a tight black tee-shirt that showed off her C-cup tits and their hard nipples and leather pants or black leather chaps she wore riding with her biker boyfriend Long Dong Silver and their pals. She liked to wear the chaps with nothing over her crotch at night or with her pussy barely covered by thin black panties during the day. This attire was in stark contrast to the frilly napkins, lace, and bone china of the tea parlor, which served little finger pastries and clotted cream with 32 different varieties of tea. 

When Quinlan worked at the tea parlor, she took out her visible piercings and wore a virginal white dress with long sleeves that concealed her tattoos. As soon as the parlor opened, she would go in the back and put on white cotton panties, so if there was an accident nobody would see her shaved crotch and her clit hood ring with the dangling chain where she usually hung a bell. She changed the bell every few weeks and they were getting bigger and heavier since the original little silver tinkle bell. The one she had dangling from her pussy now was brass and an inch in diameter. It made her walk slowly, with a sexy swing to her hips. 

Once the tea parlor opened, Quinlan would stop smoking, so the few legitimate customers who wandered into the generally empty tea parlor would not catch her doing something unwholesome.

From a business perspective, the tea parlor did not appear to be a particularly promising venture. Not surprisingly, a very proper tea room was not very popular among the hip college crowd, although quite a few clueless parents and alumni wandered in when they visited the College, especially during homecoming week, because it looked so quaint. It would have been quaint, except that it was used for money-laundering by several motorcycle gang members and was a useful cover for drop-off and pick-up for pot distribution. The commissions for both earned Quinlan's tea room a lot of cash off the books, a steady stream of laundered cash they could pass off as revenue for open use, and more weed than she and her friends could smoke. The ironclad rules were, everything out of sight and no dealing on the premises! That was why Quinlan worked there most days – to keep a steady green eye on the gang's business. 

Their friend Odette was going to join them this morning and then she and Kiki were going shopping at the big mall. Odette, their old and formerly bosomy friend, came bopping down the street, turned into the entrance in the fence around the open-air seating, and sashayed toward their table. 

When they were all in high school together, Odette had started packing on weight – her family tended to be fat. She had a little face and soon it looked even smaller as her cheeks got puffy. Her boyfriends encouraged her at first, because a lot of it went to her breasts and they became huge and she shook all over very pleasantly when she had sex. But her weight got out of control and the boyfriends went away. A few years ago, when she was well over 300 pounds, her doctor told her that she had to lose weight if she didn't want to end up sick for the rest of her life or dead. Determined and driven, she went through a tough medically-supervised program and lost pound after pound, shrinking down to half her former weight and looking pretty damn good! And she always had beautiful chestnut hair and now it was down to her waist.

Except for one thing. Odette lost so much weight in her boobs that they looked like deflated balloons, hanging empty down her chest all the way to her bellybutton. She was planning to have them fixed by a plastic surgeon when she met Dev, her boyfriend. Then she learned that there are men who love saggy boobs and who get off on playing with them! Now she wouldn't think of changing them and even wore scoop necks to show them off!

"Hi, guys!" Odette greeted them, a big smile on her pretty face. "You'll never guess what happened at the office today it was just so awesome I was sitting there finishing a real estate contract when this guy comes in and he says he's from the Nuszsaecker organizations – you know who they are?" She tossed her head to get her long brown hair out of her eyes. 

Her friends nodded. Nuszsaecker was a household word among the hypersexual, the sluts and studs who form the high-frequency minority that pulls up the average in acts of coitus per week in every survey of sexual behavior done in America. A long time ago, the Nuszsaecker organization was the largest pornography outfit in the country. Many magazine titles, videotapes, sex aids, plastic figurines, erotic ashtrays, you name it. For a while they were experimenting with video discs (Kiki had never seen one) where the viewers could choose an ending (choice of where the cumshot landed). They even had a television station once that you needed to buy a special converter to receive porn films. (It was on a UHF channel in Los Angeles in the '70's.) Then it all went downhill.

Kiki kept her mouth shut. She knew all this already. Kiki knew that when old Nuszsaecker died, there was a problem with the family ownership, they lost business because of internet porn, and now the companies in the group were struggling. However, because old Nuszsaecker had seen the competition from the internet coming, they had already started selling off its magazines to suckers who thought dirty magazines would go on forever. They had amassed a huge fortune in cash and started to put it in real estate. (If you find this interesting, read "Emily's Enterprise".) What was left of the porn business was a much smaller operation, which they kept going to focus on CDs. That was going down too, what with almost everything available on the internet free or really cheap, so they were looking for the next big business model. The question everyone in the business was asking was whether they would ever invest their money back in porn but the reality was nobody would ever put that kind of money into porn again. Right now, the industry was fracturing into amateur sites, advertising vehicles for phone sex, and feature girls publicizing their strip club tours, with no room for high-quality production values. She knew this because Charlie told her and because she had actually met the CEO of the Nuszsaecker organization who running things when the crash was going on. She shuddered at the memory of that drug-addled sleazy perv. 

"Well, it seems that they aren't doing so well these days selling porn but they still have a lot of cash so they're looking to invest and they want to start a new on-line porn network but they also wanted to figure out what the guy who took over Nuszsaecker was planning to do before he died, 'cuz apparently he was brilliant in product development and a real perv but died before telling anyone in his own company what he was going to do. They changed the name of the company to NutsCo." 

Kiki didn't want to say anything but Odette had it right. She didn't tell her two friends that she had once been a party favor, a sexual gift to close one of Charlie's deals with this guy. Nothing came of it, tho, because he died. He was a far-gone druggie and probably overdosed. But he had told a few people about his plans and she heard him. He had told Charlie, while she was sitting there in a hotel room with the bodyguard watching them, about to be handed off to this guy for sex. She overheard him from the bathroom, too. And she didn't like what he had in mind, because he was going to exploit girls from the town (like her and her kid sister), kids in trouble (youngsters who acted immature even if they were of legal age), and students who failed academically. She decided to keep quiet about what she knew. Charlie didn't like her talking about his business to anyone. 

Odette continued in her usual stream of consciousness. "So they came to our office 'cuz one of our agents had handled their purchase of that big white elephant building the guy bought and they wanted to interview me to see if I knew anything and when they saw me without a bra they freaked out! They loved my tits! Wanted an audition right then and there."

Quinlan was intrigued. She had her hand in her lap and was discreetly rubbing herself through her white, virginal dress. "How did they audition you? Was it like the old casting couch routine?"

"Yes, exactly!" squealed Odette. "It was so cool! They had me take my shirt off and show them how they swing when I walk and how I can suck on my own nipple and throw them over my shoulder and almost tie them in a knot! The first guy, a tall white guy with a nice long cock, tried me out in the back office with a titty fuck and he got so excited with my floppers folded over his dick that he creamed all over my face and then this black guy with a yummy cock took me doggie style and now they're going to do a bunch of videos of me getting fucked from behind with my big old floppy boobs swayin' and my stiff nipples rubbing the carpet and it'll be part of a premium website! They want me to do lots of breast fucking with my tits wrapped around the longest dicks they can find and they want lots of shots of guys coming all over my floppy tits and me taking it on the face and rubbing the cum all over and under them and letting them slip through the fingers of guys fondling them because they'd be so slippery. They asked me if I did bukkake and I said hell yes! And if I get knocked up and start milking they said they'd make it worth my while to do a preggo series!" She was finally out of breath. Her long brown hair stirred slightly in the morning breeze. 

Her friends were very impressed! "What's the website?" Quinlan asked. 

"It's called Hypersexual Freaks of the Internet! They call if HFI! I'll be in at least one new video and gallery every month. They said they'd be in town another two days finishing up their work and they're staying at the Hotel Vincennes and if I know other sex freaks here in town, they'd like to meet them and audition them anytime." Odette paused for a moment while something popped into her mind and then she started talking again. "You know, when I was fat everyone liked my boobs 'cuz they were like big water balloons but they had trouble fucking me because I was so big around. They could hardly get their cocks into me because my thighs and my belly were in the way. And they kinda lost interest when I got up to my worst weight. You don't know how great it is to have guys get horny when they look at you again and want to fuck you and you can receive and get penetrated again without a big production." Odette had a catch in her voice, showing her emotion and relief over being sexy again. "I just never knew it could be like this again!" She sniffed. 

"That is so cool!" Kiki said, patting her friend's hand. She didn't know whether Dev was going to go for this. He tended to like his privacy, being a well-known dentist in town. Having gangbangs and swapping girlfriends was one thing, but would he want some pornstar guy with a longer schlong than his screwing his long-titted girlfriend while her tits wobbled and swung on camera? Kiki didn't think so, but it was Odette's relationship. She turned to her other friend. "Quinlan, they'd love your pierced pussy!"

Quinlan looked around. Seeing that there was nobody close by, she pulled up her billowing white dress way up so that the two women could see her piercing – the ring through her clit hood with the chain and the little silver bell on it that dangled between her legs and kept the chain in position to give her clit a little rub and a tug when she walked without panties. Sometimes she would wet her panties at work because of it. The bell tinkled when she walked nude but nobody could hear it when she was wearing clothes. The effect on guys when they saw her piercing was electrifying – their boners doubled! They couldn't help tugging on the chain and making the bell ring and she loved the way it pulled the hood up on her clit and gave it a little stimulation. Besides, her long-dicked boyfriend loved the feel of stuff on the outside rubbing up against his dick as he was slipping it into her warm pussy. 

Quinlan also had labia that hung down under her mound by about an inch, bright red, and with her red hair and florid complexion the effect was striking. Guys liked to look at her crotch curtains and tug on them with their fingers but they liked most of all to suck them into their mouth. For Quinlan it was more than foreplay, because she could cum just from this. When guys took the time to give her righteous head she found she could be multiorgasmic before insertion and it was even better because she'd be all sensitive and wet and ready to pop again when they finally mounted her. After giving her friends a good look at the cooter she pulled her dress back down. 

While she was exposing herself she spoke. "You know, I've been thinking about showing my pussy off more lately. I'm thinking of getting rings in my pussy lips. Three on each side. Then clipping on weights so they hang down long, like curtains. When you do that you feel a real funny pulling feeling on your sex and it makes you really horny when you walk." She knew that because she had tried it with clamps. "Maybe over months and years my lips will get even longer and hang down by themselves. I'd love that! Guys go crazy over that. You pull them apart like butterfly wings and smooth out the crinkles and they're all pink on the inside and guy can look up your hole."

Odette squealed. "Quinlan, you're a natural for HFI! Let's pitch your pussy to them after work today!"

"Well, OK. You can pitch it to them but I can't come with you. Dongie-boy and I are riding his Harley to Springfield after work tonight. He'll be pissed off if I can't go. Tell them about me! Now it's 10:00 and I've got to put on my fuckin' panties and open the store. Have fun at the mall, you guys!"