 Kiki's eyes were closed, her pretty face relaxed and her fetching, pale, and slender naked body almost limp. She was lying on the mussed bed, resting for a moment after her modestly arduous evening. Soon she would have her final visitor, she thought, and she could go home to her own bed. It had been an excellent dinner party for her and it was nice of Henderson to let her sit at the table for the meal, but she had spent the last four hours in bed, naked or nearly so, entertaining the guests and they had been unusually demanding tonight. Not that she minded!

Kiki's view was that if everyone had a good time with her body, why shouldn't she enjoy it just as much herself? The whole fun was all in attracting a lover, getting into a sexual situation, then letting go of control and seeing what they would do to her this time!

The reaming she had just taken in her butt from Ghislain was nothing compared to being penetrated by Lipschitz, who had the biggest dick of any economist on the College's faculty. But it was an unusual night. She had met that dreamy younger guy, who was a little short on foreplay skills but sure knew how to fuck, and then got her twat thoroughly detailed by a horny woman! That was hot! She couldn't remember that ever happening before but she hoped it would happen again! 

She heard a shuffle at the door as Henderson walked in. "Hello, Kiki! You got rave reviews tonight!" He was carrying an envelope that he put on the bedside table. "The guests were very generous tonight." 

Kiki smiled her trademark smirk -- mouth flat but with the ends curled up. "What did they say about me downstairs?" She noticed that he hesitated. "Seriously -- I want to know so I can figure out how to do even better!" She did not look at the envelope. She knew it contained "gifts" from the guests at the dinner party and from the thickness of it Henderson was right!

Henderson looked her straight in her gorgeous blue eyes. "As soon as each one finished, they told the others what happened! Everyone said they had never fucked anyone as good as you -- you were responsive, cooperative, sexy, tight in the cunt, terrific ass.... I think Wistler is in love with you! Henderson had loosened his belt and kicked off his shoes. "Do you find him attractive?"

"Yes, very! He has a romantic air about him, with that curly black hair and mischievous smile. He can also fuck, I can tell you that." Kiki had turned on her side, facing him with her head resting on her hand, legs closed and tits gently hanging to the right. "He was so excited tonight he went straight for it. If he was a little more used to me I think he would have diddled me a lot more." 

"He made up some excuse to stay after the other guests left -- a book he found in my library. I told him he could let himself out but I suspect he'll come up here to see you tonight after I'm gone."

"How would you feel about that?" Kiki asked. She sat on the side of the bed. She honestly didn't think it was likely. Wistler was a good-looking man who could get lovers easily enough. 

"Oh I don't mind, you know," Henderson said, as he took off his clothes. "I'm too old to be possessive. If he wants to see you on his own, I'm all for it. It's your satisfaction -- I'm happy for the favors you give me, Kiki, and your willingness to entertain at my "stimulating" dinner parties. You deserve to have as many lovers as you want who can bang your little cunny till it rings like a bell." He reached out and lifted one of her lovely breasts, feeling its firm gravity. 

"Don't diss yourself for being old," Kiki chided. She had her hand on his penis now, gently tugging. "Older guys last longer and they know better what feels good to a woman!" She didn't add that they were profoundly grateful for a shot at a hot young woman and so were very generous. 

"Thanks for saying that, Kiki," Henderson said as she stood up. He put his hands on her hips and brought her mound to his mouth. In spite of all the fucking, she smelled clean to him and he licked her clit with enthusiasm and inserted a finger up inside her, then another. Kiki couldn't tell how she felt to him but she felt tight again to herself -- her vagina obviously wasn't gaping any more. "But, you know, when it's hard for us older guys to keep it up and keep going the regular way, sometimes we get kinky!" He stopped talking and nuzzled her mons, smelling her fragrance. 

Kiki wondered for a minute, when he said that, if he was going to tie her up again. She would not have minded too much but it was really too late to go down that path, after the long dinner party. She was pleasantly tired after pulling her slow-motion train and she knew he wouldn't want to stay up all night, even to ravish her body. When Henderson was done fingering her, she went to her knees and took his dick in her mouth without being asked. She gave excellent head, with skillful tongue and throat action, and within four or five minutes (very fast for him, at his age) he was spurting into her mouth, without even getting fully hard. Henderson tasted salty, slightly bitter, as always. She swallowed, licked the glans, stroked him a couple more times to get all the semen, licked the last drop that came out of the little eye, and then looked up at him. 

"Feel better now?" Kiki asked. Henderson might call her later in the week for a one-on-one, she guessed. 

"I'm going to sleep so much better, now! This certainly beats a glass of warm milk." Henderson was getting visibly sleepy now that his climax was over. "I'm going to bed. Feel free to stay the night if you want. If Wistler comes up he can join you." Then he stood up, gathered his clothes, and shuffled naked out the door and upstairs, to his own bed down the hall. 

Kiki looked in the envelope. Wow! They were generous -- unbelievably generous! There was usually a couple thousand dollars in the kitty after a party like this, but this time there was lots more! All a gift, all cash, all off the books and without tax deductions at the source! 

Kiki's basic finances were fairly simple as far as revenue was concerned: she put out and the men (and occasionally women) who liked her gave her gifts, usually cash or jewelry. There was more to it on the investment side. Her accountant had helped her set things up. As far as the tax collector knew, she had a decent-paying full-time job with a real estate escrow firm, paid out of revenue earned from fees, interest, and forfeited deposits. Of course, if any employee of that firm had ever been asked, they would have had a hard time describing what she looked like because she was never there. And all that revenue from obscure transactions in real estate concealed a healthy incoming stream of money transfers that got laundered in order to pay her what was on the books as a respectable but not suspiciously high taxable income for a young woman, even if the amount she "earned" was a little generous for the work that she really wasn't doing. Between that cover, to keep the taxman happy that she had a visible means of support, and all the cash coming in that did not appear on anybody's books and that the IRS didn't know about, Kiki lived pretty well. Still, she kept the entrance to her apartment modest and stayed in a middle-class neighborhood so that nobody would suspect that she had money way beyond her declared income. 

Kiki was showering now, which included scrubbing her slightly red, well-used crotch and around her asshole to get the lube Ghislain used out of her buttcrack. The big wad of semen inside her rectum would come out tomorrow, no hurry. Until then, it would froth and simmer inside her guts, as warm as the moment it flew out of Ghislain's dick. She wondered whether her cunt was still gaping. Henderson's finger had felt tight, but it was hard to tell. She stuck a finger up her twat to test herself. Her vagina - which earlier had been well stretched by Lipschitz and gaped for at least half an hour! - had definitely returned to its normal tightness. Thank heaven for her discipline in past few years, with her alternating Kegel and dildo stretching exercises. 

She didn't wash her hair -- it was too late -- but it got slightly damp from the water anyway. It would be dry by the time she got home, she thought. She didn't have anything much happening tomorrow -- oh wait! It was past midnight, so it was already the next day. That meant that her regular Monday lover was coming tomorrow (because it's already the day after the party), but she had this day free, she thought to herself.

She toweled herself dry, brushed her teeth, and pulled her hair back with an elastic hair band. This made her look even younger. One last look in the mirror at her face and naked torso and she turned to go into back into the bedroom. The servants would strip the bedsheets and pick up her naughty gown, which was lying on the floor. All she had to do was get her own clothes out of the closet and leave. This time of night, in the sleepy college town, she probably wouldn't even have to get dressed! If she got pulled over by the cops for some traffic violation, chances are the cop would be an old friend -- or even a gentleman caller!

As she walked out of the bathroom she stopped short -- startled. There, sitting on the edge of the mussed bed, looking longingly at her nakedness, was Wistler! He was grinning in his boyish, very attractive way, showing his excellent teeth. "Hello, Kiki!" He said. 

"You startled me! I didn't expect to see anyone else!" Kiki wasn't about to let on that Henderson had already figured out that Wistler would make a play that very night. 

"I couldn't bear to leave without seeing you again." He was smooth, all right. And with Kiki standing there naked, without even a towel around her shoulders, he was certainly seeing her again, every part of her that could be seen from the front. 

"Well, it's late. Shouldn't you be going home?" Implied in Kiki's question was the possibility of a home, a wife, and a family but phrased as a question it also implied that he could stay. 

"Why? I live alone and you're here." Implied in that question was the message that there were no entanglements tonight, that he wanted her and that she would naturally allow it. 

Kiki smiled her patented smirk, with the sides of her mouth curling upward. "So does that mean that I'm not going home tonight, either? That I'm going to spend the night on this mussed-up bed with you?"

"Pretty much," Wistler said, with supreme self confidence. He was taking off his tie, as he spoke. "Why change the sheets when we'll only muss them up again?"

Kiki leaned on the doorway, hands on her hip. The motion thrust her pelvis forward and her pretty, long labia were visible in the gap between her legs. "One condition: you're going to be more romantic this time. You took me like a meatloaf tonight." She was exaggerating, of course, but the one thing her lovers hadn't given her much of that night was foreplay. 

"Come here and I'll show you romantic!" he cooed, now shirtless, as he took her in his arms and nuzzled her neck, while stroking the sides of her breasts and up into her naked armpits with his fingernails. Her ample and firm breasts rubbed against his hairy chest and the pink nipples that capped them went erect and stayed that way. She had her hands on his broad shoulders and feeling the strength of his pecs and upper arms. She could feel that his cock was rigid through his pants and because they were about the same height it bumped against her mons when he moved in between her naked legs. That sneak preview raised her temperature another notch and she pulled back and unfastened his belt for him. 

Kiki grinned her trademark smile, with the ends of her mouth curled up. 

In short order, they were both nude and lying on the now-hopelessly mussed bed, sheets pulled out from under the mattress and bedspread pushed down to the foot of the bed. He kissed her boobs all over and sucked on her nipples, hard and soft, tongued and straight suction, for what seemed like hours, taking time out to kiss her mouth passionately and to lick the deep valley of her cleavage. Then he kissed his way down her belly to her cunt, where he spent a long time with his tongue, bringing excitement back to Kiki's weary clitoris and bringing sweet pussy juice back to her freshly-washed opening. Kiki responded by opening her legs as wide as they would go. 

Even though, and maybe even because, Kiki's pelvis was sore inside, both from her heavy use that night and from the beating it had taken from Lipschitz's oversized schlong, Kiki soon felt the urge to be penetrated again and physically manipulated inside. She raised her arms over her head and let her head fall back on the pillow with her eyes shut. This was the wonderful moment where Kiki gave up control and let her lover do whatever he wanted. 

When he sensed that she was ready, Wistler moved up her body, letting his cock and balls drag on her leg, dribbling a little precum on her thighs, until he was in line with her opening. A little positioning, a little adjustment, and in one thrust he mounted her, both of them gasping in unison at the penetration! 

This time he was slower and more deliberate. He had already come once inside Kiki that night; now he could take his time and savor her body's pleasures. And what pleasures they were! He felt so deep in her! Her cunt was gripping him tightly but he was still moving freely because she had juiced so much. They switched to the doggie position, so that his dick could penetrate her even more deeply, and then back, so he could play with her tits again. Kiki was breathing heavily now and seemed close to climax. She wrapped her legs around him and put her hands around his neck. Her excitement fueled his passion and before long he found himself staring into her open, excited eyes as his come rose right at the time her orgasm hit her! She spasmed and her vagina twitched and she almost seemed to vibrate for a long time, while he went rigid, bucked a couple of times, and then spurt a fountain of semen deep into her, filling every corner and crevice of her most talented vaginal passage and maybe into her uterus itself! (The thought that she was wide open, unprotected, and, who knows, possibly fertile was a big turn on for Wistler!) 

He recovered first and started to feel drowsy. She felt a little dopy but very satisfied. The two of them fell asleep in each others' arms and neither of them gave a thought to the gobs of semen that dripped out of her orifice and onto the dirty sheets as they slept. 

Early in the morning, they did it again. This time, Kiki used her talented mouth to arouse Wistler to hardness. They did it in cowgirl position and Kiki took him with excruciating slowness, knowing that it would take time for him to come again. What happened later the next morning was not as important -- it involved mostly fondling and cunnilingus, whereby Wistler proved that he was not prudish about sucking on a well-used cunt. Then they each left but not before Wistler took down her email address. Kiki clearly had another regular gentleman caller lined up. 

Henderson had known exactly what would happen -- there was no need to leave him a note. Once she was out of the house (which Henderson kept no smoking), she lit a cigarette and drove home. It was still morning but she needed to sleep more, so she made herself a daiquiri at 10:25 am and went to bed after she drank it.