 Charlie Biggs, who was as big as his name and built like a linebacker, held the door open for Kiki with plenty of room for her to walk under his arm. They were going into the side entrance of city hall, the door the reporters never covered. Even if someone saw them, Charlie still had lots of business with the town council even though he wasn't city manager any more, and Kiki could have been a secretary or one of the assistants in his law and lobbying firm, which was just a cover for the undeclared but his real and very lucrative business: putting the "fix" in. And besides, in a town like this the newspaper wasn't going to dig dirt. The newspaper was already losing business because of the internet and if it pissed off the local advertisers, it would fold. That would be bad for Charlie's business, though, because he liked to leverage off politician's fears of what might happen. 

Kiki looked delicious, as always, her dirty blonde hair and very fair complexion in sharp contrast to Charlie's black skin and her busty but not extreme figure a model of femininity. Today she was wearing unusually modest clothes, a simple woman's business suit that played down her charms but couldn't hide the fact that she was a very attractive woman. 

Charlie fixed problems that people had with the city through his network of contacts and influence. He did it because he could and because it was to his advantage to fix things for people who mattered in the town. Charlie only fought battles he knew he could win without drawing public attention. It was righteous citizen opinion you had to fear in a town like this, that and the power of the College's purchasing department and endowment trust to put its money somewhere else. Keep everything complicated, quiet, and off the record and the fine town citizens would stay asleep and everything would be cool. Things had been cool for a long time. 

Charlie and Kiki were sitting in a small, old fashioned office with brown walls and some old prints of how the town looked a century ago, when the College was still small and the economy was based on farming and manufacturing. The manufacturing economy was long gone, the farms had turned to subdivisions, and local business depended on the purchases the College and students made for their business these days.

A young man, wearing a thin, out-of-fashion striped tie and a white shirt, breezed in and closed the door. "Hi, Charlie! This your friend?" He nodded at Kiki. 

Charlie introduced them. The man's name was Gerald. 

"You know the situation?" 

Charlie knew. Kiki knew as much as she needed to know and no more, and she didn't want to know any more. 

"Here's the deal. He's coming into town tomorrow and he'll stay at the Vincennes. He plans to make a final pitch to Fred on Thursday." Fred was the mayor. "If Fred turns him down again, he says he's going to go public and tell his story." Nobody had to spell out the consequences: media attention, investigations, indictments, skeletons dug up, dirty laundry aired, cozy relationships disrupted. "So," he turned to face Kiki, "do you think you can help us?"

"Of course," Kiki responded without hesitation. "If he's half the man you say he is. It takes balls to do that and if he's got those kind of balls, his balls can get him in trouble." She smiled. "Balls make men stupid around me."

The young man broke into a smile himself. "Balls he has. Brains are another story. Aston's the laziest lawyer in the tri-state area and if it weren't for his client – his one and only client – he'd be living on public defender fees." 

And so it happened that two days later Kiki sat waiting at the city's international airport in the Ground Transportation area, dressed like a businesswoman, except for a skirt that was two inches too short for the normal office dress code. She was holding a shuttle ticket to the town an hour away, a suitcase on wheels by her side. There was no clue that she actually lived in the town of their destination and was not a visitor at all. She also did not act like she was waiting for a certain very handsome, somewhat vain-appearing passenger named Jim Aston to arrive. And when he did, she got into the shuttle as if she had just got off the plane herself. 

She got in first, knowing that he would knock over any of the other passengers in order to sit right next to her. Within seconds he had turned on a beaming smile and charm by the megawatt, striking up a casual conversation that was anything but innocuous. Of course, each time he turned to talk to her he was rewarded by a down blouse view of Kiki's lovely pale uplifted breasts. And, of course, at first she acted like she had no interest in him at all. It helped that another passenger was trying to hit on her, too! Great luck. A little male competition always helped spark a guy's interest. But during the ride she seemed to warm up to Aston, smiling with the corners of her mouth, without looking directly at him but in his direction. By the time they reached the Hotel Vincennes, she was twirling her blonde hair and looking sideways at him and folding her arms in front of her, as if she recognized that he was a sexual threat and had to protect herself, while at the same time making it easier to look down her blouse and pushing her fine bosom up a little higher. She was sending all the right signals that she was interested. 

Of course, Aston would have seen through it, if he had consciously thought about it rather than responding with testosterone. Women were always interested in him but rarely did he meet a woman so worthy of his interest in return. Maybe he could learn where she was staying or get her cell number, then call her for a little dalliance on this trip. He introduced himself as Alex and she introduced herself as Katrina, which was her rarely-used real name. She was evasive when he asked her where she was staying – an obviously prudent move for a woman traveling alone and a sign of her intelligence, he reflected. But before the van stopped she gave him a business card from a company in Chicago, and wrote her personal cell number on the back. She told him that she would be leaving the company soon, having found a better job that didn't require her to travel, but they didn't know it yet. She had to tell her husband first and she hinted – but only hinted! – that she was considering leaving him! (Aston had already noticed that she wore a wedding ring. He hadn't noticed that the skin on her finger was not indented from it, because she had only started wearing it an hour before he first saw her.) 

When she got out of the shuttle van behind him, Aston suddenly realized that they would be staying at the same hotel! What luck! Kiki made sure that she showed lots of leg and a flash of panties as she climbed awkwardly, with none of her usual grace, out of the van. This gave Aston a chance to hold her hand as she stepped down. Together, they walked into the lobby of the Hotel Vincennes and he graciously allowed her to go first at the registration desk. When she was done but before she could break away to the elevators, he redoubled his efforts, by inviting her to dinner that night. She acted nonchalant but like she wanted to accept his invitation but wasn't sure. She told him to register while she checked her Blackberry to see if she was free from any other commitments that night on this business trip. She remained standing at the registration desk, off to one side, next to a potted palm, within hearing distance of what happened next. 

It was just after noon, a little early to check in. Still, Aston was taken a back when the hotel clerk, playing the part very nicely for $100 slipped to him the night before, informed him that his room was not ready yet and probably wouldn't be until about 4:00, because a large group, a sports team, had arranged for late departure that day. The last free room from the morning had been given to Kiki, it seemed. However, would he accept this complimentary pass to the sports club across the street, with its Olympic-size swimming pool, as their apology? The pool opened at 3:00 for hotel guests, he was informed, after the famous College varsity swim team had finished practice. 

Aston, of course, had been a competitive swimmer himself in college. He still swam every day and he chose this hotel in particular because, for a fee, guests could use the athletic club's magnificent pool. Now it was being offered for free! But where would he go in the meantime? 

At that moment, Kiki stepped in and graciously offered to let him use her room to drop this bags and change before he went for the swim. The man was not going to turn down this kind offer from a woman he was desperate to score with, and so these two very attractive people and a very large and comfortable-looking bed found themselves together in an opulent business-class hotel room, with nothing else to do for the moment. Once in the room, of course, testosterone and estrogen took over.

"This is so unusual for me," Kiki said, "having a man I just met come up to my room. But I feel so comfortable with you – like we've known each other a long time! And you don't seem like the kind of guy who would call my boss at work or do anything that would embarrass me. A girl has to watch out for her reputation when she entertains a strange man in her room during a business trip." 

"Of course not, Katrina!" Aston said, using the name on her card. "You don't mind if I call you Katrina, do you?" So old fashioned and debonair of him to ask! "And I assure you of my discretion. Why, I have to be careful myself, in my position." Actually, everyone who knew Aston, including his wife, knew that he screwed around. "And I know you must find that men make inappropriate overtures to you. You are, after all, very attractive!" 

Puh-leeze, Kiki thought to herself. Can't you do better than that? But she smiled radiantly and whispered "Well, I find you very attractive as well!" Neither one of them really cared what the other one said as long as the conversation went through the motions of two adults getting to know each other, touching all the required social bases before getting down to intimacy. For Aston, this was to be done as quickly as possible without seeming rushed. The bed was beckoning. But in addition to the seduction play, Kiki needed to cover a few additional bases before she was done and they could get down to some serious fucking. The next thing to do was to keep him waiting a while to raise his anxiety level, which Kiki did by insisting on ordering lunch in their room. That wasted a good hour. 

Seeing the bright post-noontime sunlight streaming through the curtains as they finished their lunch, Kiki exclaimed, "What a delightful afternoon! I can't think of a more wonderful way to spend it! Can you?"

"Did I hear you say you wanted an "afternoon delight?"" asked Aston, smirking. "No need to call room service to be serviced in your room!" He had mis-stepped in his frustration. Aston was smooth but not that smooth and he had overreached in his impatience. He had gone too far in the seduction dance, introducing sardonic humor before he had achieved tacit agreement to have sex, and compounding the mistake by smirking. 

Kiki sobbed loudly once, surprising and completely unnerving Aston. "You brute! Was it something I said? Something I did? How could you know what my needs are? It's been so long since someone gave me what I need!" (Actually, it had been about 14 hours, but for Kiki that was a long time between orgasms.) Aston, of course, read into it what he wanted to hear. 

"Oh, Katrina," he cried in return, alarmed and worried that he had scared her off by being so bold. "I am so sorry! I want to give you the satisfaction you crave!" And Kiki was sure he did. 

Then Kiki dropped all apparent simulated pretence of resistance and cried "Alex! I'm sorry – I overreacted! I need so much to be loved by a real man!" Aston felt a flood of relief, that despite his overreach the game was still on. He suddenly had tacit agreement! Green light!

The verbal seduction part out of the way, but with Aston's confidence just a little shaken to make him defensive, the two of them got down to business. They embraced, fully clothed, as passionate lovers, mouth on mouth, groin to groin, chest to voluptuous chest. Aston was amazed at how firm her tits were. When they unlocked, a long time later, Kiki found that Aston had undone her blouse and unhooked her bra in back and that she had to hurry to catch up in unbuttoning his shirt. He had a broad, manly chest. She, on the other hand, had a deep, womanly chest, with stiffening nipples.

They separated briefly, Aston to take off his pants and Kiki her skirt, but let each other pull down the remaining underwear, discovering the delights between each other's legs. He felt her wetness as he first pulled the waistband of her panties over her hips and then the panties off and down her legs by the gusset, a bold move that let the backs of his fingers rub up against her pussy lips! She pulled the waistband of his briefs over his hips but then played with his cock and balls through the loose fabric as they hung around his crotch, finally tiring of the game and pushing them down to his ankles. She returned to his crotch immediately and instantly took his elegantly-shaped penis into her mouth and his ballsack into her hands, handling his testicles roughly as she sucked and pulled on his dick until his rod was steely hard and she could taste his precum oozing out. (She did not deep throat him, however – that would maybe tell him she was more experienced than she wanted him to think!) When Aston stopped moving and began to moan, she quit her oral foreplay and stood back up, eyes locked onto his, communicating desire. 

The two instant lovers pulled each other onto the bed and Aston got on top, looking fiercely into her supplicating eyes as he positioned himself between her legs – and thrust! She was ready for him and as he mounted her she shuddered lightly with pleasure! "Mounted", she thought – such an ugly word for such a beautiful sensation, as the tip of his cock engaged her entrance and then she felt the lovely warm glide of his long, elegant penis sliding into her. 

Aston was now deep inside her and Kiki could let go – surrender control to the man who was fucking her. This was her favorite part of sex, at least until climax. She loved the feeling of knowing that she had manipulated events to lead up to this moment to get what she wanted and that from here on she could relax and let the man control the sexual tempo. 

Aston was powerfully stimulated and rock hard! He thrust in and out of Kiki for a long time, changing position to doggie, which let him reach underneath and fondle her firm, warm tits and then spreading her out on the bed again so he could not only fondle them but bend down to lick the nipple while they fucked. Kiki arched her pelvis in every position to get him as deep as he could go – she felt him knocking on her cervix and she even thought she could feel the ridge on the crown of his dick when he pulled almost all the way out, just before slamming back into her! 

It did not take long for Kiki to reach her summit. She held back as long as she could, loving the fragile sense of being on the edge, keeping the tension for as long as she could, and then she had to let go – she could not hold back any longer! Her orgasm fell even more heavily and came crashing down as she felt contractions all through her pelvis and even up in her chest, where it felt like even her nipples were spasming! Her come seemed to go on forever and when it was over, Kiki felt dazed, like she was drifting on a cloud of pleasure. 

Seeing the gorgeous creature under him lose her control, Aston could no longer control himself – he had been doing everything he could not to come (counting to 1000, remembering the batting lineup of the 1998 World Series, thinking of his wife) but he had come up to his limit! He gritted his teeth, grimaced, and his body tensed as he let go, releasing spurt after powerful spurt of hot, creamy semen that flooded her cunt and spilled out of her and smeared on her thighs with every thrust. His climax also seemed to go on forever and for the longest time he and Kiki were both in a postcoital daze, holding each other and rocking their hips together and just enjoying the flittering sensations and slippery textures of their coupling! 

When it was over, and they had told each other how great it was and kissed and caressed each others genitals for a while, Kiki rolled over and glanced at the clock radio. "Hey, it's 2:45. Didn't you say you had something you wanted to do at 3:00?"

Aston looked at the LED time display and remembered the pool. He really was a fanatic about swimming and he had gone to a lot of trouble to find an Olympic-size pool he could use on his trip to town. He figured that he was bound to have sex with Katrina (Kiki) again tonight – she would want it as much as he did! – but that if he didn't move fast he'd lose his chance to swim today. By the time he finished, the hotel would certainly have his room ready but he really wasn't in any hurry to move his bags out of Kiki's room! Having them there gave him every reason to come back, if a reason was even needed. 

So Aston cleaned up a bit, put on his swim trunks and a terrycloth robe hanging on the back of the bathroom door, and picked up his ticket for the pool. The hotel had already told him that it was a common sight to see guests walking across the street to the pool in their robes and nobody would think anything of it. (The hotel was on a leafy cul de sac, across the street from the athletic club.) Aston promised he would be back after a couple of hours. Kiki knew that he would, of course, because his bags were in her room. She murmured that she wanted to stay in bed, but that he should take her room key to let himself back in. 

Soon after he left, she called her friend at the athletic club and confirmed that he had arrived, got a towel, and was headed for the pool. Kiki then had a leisurely hour and a half to pick the lock on his attaché case, find the package he planned to take to the mayor, scan them into a little handheld scanner, encode the documents, and transmit them to Gerald using her tablet. From what she could see just quickly glancing over them, it had something to do with a city public works contract and some work done on the mayor's home by a big construction company. The last thing she did after confirming that the document was received was to check Aston's shirt pocket. 

By the time Aston came back, Kiki was dressed to go out, in a tight black dress, sheer black stockings, and a pearl necklace, although it was still early in the day for such attire. Aston just took a moment to transfer his bags to his own room, which was now available. He wondered if this was really necessary but it seemed presumptuous of him to keep them in Kiki's room when he had a room of his own, and it was safer, in case the evening did not end right. Aston always hedged his bets. 

After cocktails at the bar, daiquiris for Kiki and whisky for Aston, they went to dinner. At first, Aston seemed to think it was his duty to draw her out and to learn more about her but Kiki kept steering the conversation toward how unhappy she was with her husband, her job, her boss, or whatever and Aston quickly lost interest, allowing Kiki to ask him a few questions that got him talking about himself. She learned that he worked as legal counsel for a construction company, the smallest of the four biggest in the tri-state area, and that business had been bad the last few years because of the recession. 

After dinner, Kiki wanted to listen to the music at the piano bar, which are rare these days. Aston wanted to fuck, having already had a taste of her wonderful body, but he agreed to the piano bar to keep her happy. It did give them a chance to cuddle in a dark booth and Aston soon had his hand on her leg but he felt frustrated because she was wearing panty hose and he couldn't get at her pussy. Even so, he knew it was a wise decision to be patient while she got more and more relaxed and finally slumped into his arms and whispered that she wanted to go back to her room, so they could "finish what we started!" 
