 K8

When the airplane from the connecting flight from New York landed, there was a delegation of six officially representing the College and about two dozen students waiting for the great Moldovan scholar, accompanied by a dozen or so graduate students. 

There was Kiki, of course, small, lithe, her beautiful pale breasts on display almost down to the areola in a loose peasant blouse (which looked typically Moldovan even to someone who had no idea how Moldovans dressed) and her well-formed, long legs fully occupying the distance between the floor and the hem of her very short skirt. It should be noted in the interest of accuracy that Moldovan peasants usually do not wear very short skirts with their loose blouses but Kiki's costume was still more or less correct because Moldovan peasant girls traditionally did not wear panties, either. Girls in Moldova today are another story entirely. 

The President of the College, handsome and distinguished, used his vantage point to look down Kiki's blouse at every opportunity. The chairman of the philosophy department was nervous --their guest was very controversial and had already started an argument between the hedonists and the stoics on his faculty. The head of the comparative literature program was beaming, proud to be sponsoring Dicae with support from a private foundation, since the National Endowment for the Humanities wouldn't touch a grant application to bring him to the United States, especially during a Republican administration. The head of the communications program was miffed that he was short and couldn't get the same view down Kiki's blouse as the President enjoyed. 

In the meantime, the van driver held up a sign that read "Welcome Viku Dicae!" The van driver was just waiting for his chance to help Kiki step into her seat, hoping to look up her skirt.

Finally, the great man came through the concourse into the public waiting area, to the wild cheers of the students! His pictures showed a handsome, intense visage and he looked like a large man. In person, he was not so imposing. He was on the short side, muscular, with good looking but craggy features. He didn't exactly look his age -- he looked like an older man who naturally was younger looking than his real age. He had a big bulge in his pants. It got bigger when he saw Kiki. She was smiling at him and the first thing that he noticed was that mysteriously erotic smile, with the corners of her mouth turned up and her blue eyes flashing! The second thing he noticed was her tits, of course. "Marfa!" he muttered under his breath. "So nice!"

There were handshakes all around but of course Dicae had already noticed Kiki. Who is this gorgeous young thing dressed like a 1950's Ceauşescu era-style fantasy of an eastern Romanian (not Moldovan) peasant girl sexpot? (Kiki got the wrong embroidery on the blouse she got over the internet for the occasion, so the blouse she was exposing herself in wasn't really a Moldovan pattern at all.) She looks like a retro version of Olia Tira, he thought to himself, showing off her long, slim pale sexy bare legs. 

Seeing his obvious interest in Kiki, the President introduced her to Doctor Dicae as his official hostess and facilitator, his personal assistant if you will, during the visit. Dicae muttered appreciation, thinking to himself that he would like to facilitate himself right into her at the earliest opportunity. They had tarted her up to play up the Moldovan connection, even if they got the pattern on that stupid but sexy blouse wrong, to make an instant connection! Why? There was only one answer, and that is that they were offering her up as a tasty sexual welcoming gift! He thought about how they were going to try hard to keep him satisfied over the next three weeks of his visit, if they had gone to this much trouble. They must be trying to keep him away from their students! Fine with him! She'll do just fine, even if her traditional costume was wrong. (After all, who cared about embroidery patterns, anyway?) He wondered if she was wearing panties.

After retrieving Dicae's baggage for him, the students dispersed and the College's official delegation piled into a van with the impressive shield of the venerable institution painted on the side. After allowing the honored guest to choose his preferred seat, next to the window, Kiki was naturally placed right next to him, with her hip naturally touching his somehow, despite the seatbelt. The van driver got weak in the knees helping her up the step when he saw that Kiki was not wearing panties. 

"Bun venit! Îmi pare bini! Îmi pare bine de cunostinta," Kiki said to him slowly, in very simple Moldovan, once they were settled. To Dicae, the way she talked was barely comprehensible, as if she had marbles in her mouth and was imitating a Bulgarian accent. 

Dicae was shocked to hear his native language mangled in such an engaging way! "What! ştii moldoveneşte?" He asked, in surprise, assuming that she was second generation and had not learned the language correctly.

"Îmi pare rau, nu vorbesc romaneşte," she had to admit, because her command of her mother's native language was already starting to fail. "My mother is from your part of the world," she continued in English. 

"Cum te cheama?" He wanted to keep going in Moldovan but then realized that Kiki's language skills were not up to it. 

When she said her name was "Kiki", Dicae frowned. It did not sound like any Moldovan name he had ever heard and he wondered, with her fine blonde hair, if she could be Russian-Moldovan. He worried that she might be Transdniestrian, which could get complicated. But Kiki isn't a Russian name, either. So he decided not to worry about it and put his hand on her leg, a little farther up from the knee than would be considered polite in most cultures, including Moldovan, on first meeting. 

"Suntetzi foarte dregutse," he complimented her. "Imi place de tine!" And with that he impulsively leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, lingering just a moment too long for it to be a friendly, patriotic European gesture toward a fellow countryman, or woman compatriot, sort of, who really wasn't from there and was one generation removed anyway. 

Well, of course you like me, Kiki thought to herself. I'm hot. You're sniffing the air all around me to smell my naked pussy! You want to get under my skirt so bad you can taste it and trust me, you will, but not for a couple of days! I'm going to make you work for it so you'll get hooked on me and stay out of trouble. I'm going to spin this out so that you'll stay interested in me for three whole weeks! My job is to keep you away from the students and if I have to I'll use all my feminine wiles to do it!  

The van carried them past the elegant Hotel Vincennes to the College campus. The philosopher and the head of comparative literature were bickering in the back seat about which department would pay for the van. 

"Ca barbatii astia asa le place sa se svadeasca (those men like to argue)," Kiki explained, after carefully thinking through what the sentence would be in Moldovan, in order to keep the conversation private. Dicae nodded. Academics were the same around the world, he said with an impish grin. 

Decades ago, a not-so-rich alumnus died and left a very picturesque but modest old cottage on a street next to what was then the College campus for use as a permanent home for the President, within walking distance of the Administration Building. The President lived there for a year, just enough to satisfy the executor of the will, and then moved back to the mansion off campus his wife liked much better. Since then, the campus had expanded all around the cottage, which then had been used as a retreat center and to house visiting professors. That was where the van stopped and where everyone got off. 

The President shook Dicae's hand one last time and made an announcement that Kiki would help the distinguished Doctor Dicae get settled (code for "get laid", of course) into his abode and that they would all meet up tomorrow for a welcoming reception. Grown men don't need help unpacking but it was a handy excuse for Kiki to stay with Dicae and start the seduction process. Anything to get him infatuated with her as quickly as possible, so he would fuck her and not the students for the next three weeks. 

Kiki figured that Dicae would be so jet lagged the first day he wouldn't be able to get it up if he tried, so she was planning for his unexpected and elaborately resisted but eventually successful passionate seduction of her to take place the next day, at the earliest. The longer she could spin this out, the less chance he would have to seduce a student and cause trouble. Besides, she had seen the itinerary the College travel office had booked for him and who wants to have sex with a guy who's just been on planes for 28 hours with no chance to take a shower? There were no direct flights from Moldova to just about anywhere west of Vienna and the guy had had rotten connections -- long layovers in places like Frankfurt. With luck, Kiki would even be able to leave him to sleep off his jet lag and maybe she could go home and fuck her sometime boyfriend, Charlie, tonight. 

So the first thing Kiki said after the van drove off was "You must be tired after your long trip! Are you going to take a nap or a shower first?" She smiled her trademark smile, with the corners of her mouth turned up.

"Not one or the other," said Dicae, with a twinkle in his eye. He had forgotten the word "neither". 

"Aren't you tired, Doctor Dicae?"

"Not at all!" Dicae grinned. "I change my ticket. I stay two days in Frankfurt with friend and then one whole day in New York. I look around, go to disco. I like New York, can stay with friend. Got back on plane this morning! Just not telling anyone 'cause people funny about how you travel when they buy ticket. I do this a lot of times. Nobody lose ticket money but I get around more." 

Kiki lost her smile. Dicae was looking at her like a cat looks at a canary. He wasn't tired and he wasn't jet lagged. The cocker was rested and time-zone adjusted already! Kiki also got the distinct impression that all these friends were female. She was beginning to feel like his dinner. 

"Well then," she said with a shaky voice, her plans for spinning out and staying in control of this seduction all upset, "I'll check the refrigerator while you unpack. I want to make sure you have all the ingredients for cabbage soup." This was going much too fast. 

Grown men can unpack in about three minutes but it takes a good five minutes to check a well-stocked refrigerator. Kiki knew that. 

So, when Kiki felt Dicae come behind her and nuzzle her neck while she was looking in the refrigerator, she was not surprised. When his hands moved up to fondle her breasts and tug gently at her nipples, already stiff from the cold air through the thin fabric of the blouse, she was not surprised. When he bent her over and flipped up her short skirt and then spread the cheeks of her naked ass, she was not surprised. When she suddenly felt a huge, stiff object as big as a kyrnetsei plunge deeply into her folds, knock against something hard she knew was her cervix, rub around it, and force its way up into her abdomen, stuffing her like a placinte, pushing the top of her vagina way up, and probing higher than she had ever felt -- then, she was surprised! 

Two students walking past the cottage thought they heard a yelp from inside. They were right.

Kiki had shrieked when he took her and gasped when he penetrated her and moaned when he slid all the way in, but now she could barely breathe to make a sound, she was so stuffed! She felt like a butterfly mounted on a huge pin made of Moldovan flesh! Dicae was surprisingly strong and held onto her hips all the time, keeping his rod deep inside her. 

Quite simply, Dicae had a penis that was longer than she had ever known! Even Charlie's formidable organ was not as long, although Charlie was a lot thicker. It felt like Dicae's dick had wormed its way right into her uterus and up one of her tubes, it was in so deep. But it felt rough because he had pushed it in while Kiki was dry. 

During this time, Dicae had not said a word! He hadn't tried to persuade her and he certainly hadn't asked permission to insert himself deep into her body! He had obviously just assumed, correctly, that Kiki was there for his pleasure and he just helped himself! But as Kiki's nose turned blue, he pulled back on her hips, pulling her head out of the vegetable crisper, and whispered "Let us do it on the bed!"

Kiki would normally have complained about the way he had taken her, inserting himself into her without even so much as asking, but she was on a mission to seduce him anyway -- things were just moving a lot faster than she ever expected. At that particular moment she wanted to show him how responsive she could be so she concentrated on trying to keep his illustrious phallus in her twat while he marched her to the bedroom, bent over, holding her by the waist. It really wasn't as hard as it sounds. It would have been impossible to keep a normal-sized penis inside her as they waddled conjoined to the bedroom but Dicae's steel poker was so far in her there was little chance of it falling out and there was no lube yet in her tunnel to make him slip out. They would have looked ridiculous walking that way if anyone had seen them but nobody did. 

Dicae didn't even undress her when they got to the foot of the bed. He just leaned forward and pushed her over and resumed where he left off, pulling back halfway (where a normal prick would have pulled completely out) and ramming it back in hard and angled to the front, which Kiki felt as uncomfortably stuffed, almost painful, but intensely pleasurable all the same. She hadn't even started to juice yet so there wasn't natural lube to make this penetration any easier and it was so stiff she could feel it push her pelvic organs from side to side as they moved their legs together. Finally, after about ten or fifteen minutes, Kiki finally started to juice up and the rubbing inside became easier and more pleasant. 

And stamina! Dicae did not let up for what seemed like an hour! Kiki choked out a muffled scream when the first orgasm hit her, all the stronger because it was delayed, since it took her a long time to catch up with him because of her surprise and initial resentment at being forcibly taken by such a long rod and her discomfort at being crammed so full. Dicae continued to pound her all the way through it, and when the second one hit her she was already short of breath and it made her eyes cross. Then, as she was coming out of that one the incessant jack hammering hit another spot and she came a third time! This time she lost the strength in her arms and she fell forward on the bed helplessly, her ass and pelvis flopped up and down as Dicae, holding her up, continued to piston in and out of her, until she was hit with a fourth orgasm! This one made her drool and as he pounded away she felt her braless boobs roll back and forth on the bedspread under her chest -- somehow her blouse had come open. The fifth orgasm she lost consciousness for a while and when she came back to, shaken awake by his reciprocating motion, she made a face because a sixth one hit her, this one squeezing her lower abdomen as well as her pelvic muscles, so she felt it deep, like it was coming out of her uterus!

And then, finally, she felt him slow down. She revived a little and started to bear down, using her famous cunt control from the kegel exercises she had done for years to stay tightly gripped on his long penis. He was sliding it in and out deliberately now, working it in different directions but mostly up, away from her G-spot and upward (toward the back of Kiki's cunt, since she was lying face down) into the back and top of her now very much elongated vagina. She could feel the zipper of his jeans rub against her cunt lip when he tilted his pelvis. Then, she felt his long, thin penis swell up to what seemed like twice its girth and he grabbed her hips and held them tight, unmoving, while he ejaculated inside her!

She could feel pulse after pulse of warmth wash over her womb and bath the inside of her cunt and now she could feel his scary long prick slide with more ease inside her! It felt slippery and sexy but he was angled away from her G spot and she was cummed out, exhausted by her multiple orgasms. So she just lay there, motionless, on the receiving end of a huge load of semen that got pushed out of her hole and dripped out and ran down the inside of her thighs right down to the knees of her bare legs. His prick made a squishy noise as he went back to pushing in and pulling out. 

She heard a sound. She couldn't believe it! He was singing under his breath! A little Moldovan folk ditty, most likely she thought, about reaming the shepherd girl. (Or the sheep? She didn't quite get the grammar.) Actually, it was the melody from a radio tune that was all the rage that year in the Eurovision singing contest and played incessantly in Chisinau discos. 

"I see we are off to a good start, you and me!" Dicae said, with satisfaction. He pulled his penis out of her vagina entirely and wiped it on her butt cheeks, a nice gesture that he probably did to keep her skirt clean for her, she thought, brain-addled from sexual overload. "Now, what you say we take off our clothes and get comfortable?" Kiki was not smiling. 

It was 3:00 in the afternoon. There was late afternoon, evening, nighttime, and morning to go. And then the next day and then the next.

Kiki's main task for the evening was learning to take Dicae's abnormally long cock down her threat. She had always been an excellent cocksucker and was able to deep-throat with the best of them without choking or gagging. Charlie was simply too big around for her mouth, but then no girl she knew could take him orally. But Dicae was different. He wasn't thick but he was very long and rigid. Fortunately, Kiki had read up on sword-swallowing, figuring that someday she might face a challenge like this. So with much sputtering and drooling and breath control, in short order she was taking him most of the way down, where she could feel the tip of his prick all the way down her throat in the bottom of her neck. 

Dicae had never had a woman who could do both, who could deep throat him like that and who could take him all the way up her cunt without complaining and still feel tight the next time! Dicae had also never had a woman who wanted to do both, one after the other and over and over again, for hours. Kiki had just discovered the trick to keeping Dicae interested in her for all three weeks! 

The rest of the day and the next morning were much the same. Dicae did not need much sleep, so Kiki didn't get any. Kiki soon learned that Dicae's idea of a good night's sleep was three long naps between five fucks. There was no smoking anywhere on campus, so Kiki couldn't even have a postcoital cigarette between them. 

In fact, for the rest of Dicae's visit it was rare for the President or some department chair or high-powered professor to call on him or to pick him up for an appointment and not find Kiki already at the guest cottage, usually flushed and panting, not exactly disheveled but either wearing less than usual or fidgeting more with her clothes than might be expected for the time of day, as if she had dressed in a hurry. She often seemed a little dazed when they first got there. She tended to doze off while waiting for Dicae during meetings, as if she wasn't getting enough sleep. When those who were interested in her breasts, men and women, looked down her dresses or blouses, they often saw little oval bruises. Whatever she wore, there always seemed to be little nubbins poking through what she was wearing where her nipples would be. Some of the more observant among them might have noticed that when she got into a car to accompany him there was often a spot or two of something dry and colorless flaking off her bare legs. Once or twice they noticed the same spots on her neck. Sometimes the van driver would notice a faint, familiar odor that seemed to come from under her dress. Once or twice someone at a reception noticed a glop of something on the floor where she had been standing for a while. When he was not in the room, she would often slip out for a while, then reappear ten minutes before or after he came back with her hair slightly mussed. She started walking pigeon-toed. 
