 My concerns about an all-night orgy were unfounded (not that that would have been a bad thing!). Between the spa, sun, and sexercise, I think we were all asleep as soon as our heads hit the pillows. I awoke in the middle of the night (as us older guys are wont to do) to find my arm wrapped around Beryl who had draped herself across my body. Her face was angelic and I looked at her tiny hand on my chest. Memories of Lynn in just that position flooded back and my heart ached as I missed her. I gently extricated myself from her embrace and went to the restroom. When I returned, she had turned over and was spooning Scott. As usual, the sight of her naked body took my breath away and I felt a stirring down below. I closed my eyes and drifted back to sleep with visions of their naked bodies cavorting by the pool streaming through my consciousness. 

When I awoke in the morning, I could hear Scott softly snoring. I glanced at him and noticed he was sporting some morning wood that gently pulsed and looked erotic as hell. Beryl wasn't in bed. The smell of coffee told me where to find her. As I walked into the kitchen, I saw her gorgeous, tight, little ass as she was bent over looking in the fridge. In the few steps it took me to come up behind her, I was fully erect. I pressed my hard cock into her sexy butt crack as my hands went to her skinny waist. "Hmmm," she giggled, "I wondered where the sausage was."

"I usually try to keep it between the buns," I murmured.

"I'll try to remember that next time," she giggled as she stood up and turned around, closing the door. I lifted her pixie-like body up. She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck as our tongues dueled. I carried her to the table and sat her down on it, all the while kissing her passionately. I sat down in a chair as her legs opened up.

"I haven't had a breakfast spread like this in years," I smiled.

"Help yourself," Beryl giggled. "You can eat until we're both satisfied," she laughed. 

I gently began lapping her pussy eliciting a soft moan. Beryl lay back on the table. As my ministrations increased, her moans became louder and more insistent. "Oh God, I love your tongue," she whispered. I alternated between flicking her clit and plunging my tongue into her pussy. Her lithe body began to tremble. "Yes, yessss, yessssssss," she hissed. My tongue moved back to tease her clit as I inserted two fingers into her tight pussy and began to massage her G spot. "Oh God! Oh God! Right there, right there, oh fuck, oh fuck," she whimpered. "Ahhhhh, aaahhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhh," she cried as her body tensed. "Oh God," she whimpered again between clenched teeth as her orgasm exploded wracking her tiny body. She lay there mewing softly as the sensations ebbed. I just sat there drinking in the sight of her beautiful, sprawled body.

After five minutes she raised her head and with a twinkle in her eye said, "I think I'm ready for sausage." I pulled her towards me and gently impaled her on my shaft as she wrapped her arms around my neck and assaulted my tongue with hers. She softly moaned into my mouth as my cock filled her tight, wet pussy. It was so incredibly erotic as I lifted her light, spinner body and basically jacked my cock with her delectable cunt. The sensations were overwhelming. I angled her hips forward so her clit was touching with each stroke. Soon, she had her forehead on my shoulder with her eyes closed, panting softly with each trip up and down my shaft. "Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmmm," She sighed each time she bottomed out on my cock. Soon she accelerated the pace with her tiny hands on my shoulders as she pistoned my cock into her dripping pussy. "Yes, yes, yes, yes," she chanted with each stroke. "Oh God, oh God, oh God, AHHHHHHHHHHHH," she wailed with one final decisive thrust as she jammed me deep into her spasming cunt. Her head fell to my shoulders as her arms wrapped around my neck, her breathing reduced to gasping for air. "I fucking love great sex," she murmured. "I am so glad I came over that day."

"You're glad?" I replied. "This old guy had long ago given up the idea of ever being able to see a young, beautiful, naked body like yours in my arms. I thought I was resigned to just watching young bodies like yours at sex parties or on porn videos."

Beryl wriggled on my lap. "You're still hard," she said in awe.

"Yes, the older I get the better my stamina in certain areas," I replied. "Besides, I was always taught that ladies came first - and second, and third even." I smiled.

"Time to take care of that," she said with a smile lifting herself off my lap. She knelt down and slowly took me into her mouth. Her tongue felt exquisite as it bathed my shaft. She began bobbing on my cock while one hand fondled my balls and the other wrapped around the base. She looked up at me with a smile and her eyes twinkled. I could feel the sensations building as she flicked my crown with her tongue. The sight of that little pixie with my cock in her mouth put me over the edge.

"Oh, Beryl," I groaned, "get ready. Here it comes." I grunted as I filled her mouth with cum. To her credit, she caught every drop in her tiny little mouth. Then she carefully pulled off my cock and slid back up my body to give me a kiss as her arms cradled my neck. Her mouth was filled with cum as she shared it with me.

Finally, she pulled back, swallowed, then smiled and said," I thought you might like some cream with your coffee."

"How thoughtful," I said with a smile. "You really know how to serve breakfast."

"Why thank you," she giggled. "Now that we've worked up an appetite, how about some real food?"

"Yeah, we need to keep up our strength," I laughed.

"How about eggs, bacon, and toast?" asked Beryl.

"Sounds great to me!" I replied. "I'll have my eggs over easy, bacon crisp, and toast with jam."

"What you want and what you'll get might be two different things," Beryl laughed. "You can have your eggs anyway you like as long as they're scrambled, bacon however it turns out, and dry toast."

"Well, as long as I'm not fixing it, anything you make will be delicious, I'm sure," I replied. "Of course, having tasted that delectable body of yours, anything else will pale in comparison." In truth, she could have served me cardboard with paste and I wouldn't have noticed as I gazed at her sitting across the table with her dazzling smile and beautiful tiny tits on display. "Did you make enough for Scott, too?" I asked.

Beryl laughed. "We'll be lucky if he's up before noon. Scott likes to sleep in on the weekends."

"Well, a part of him was up earlier," I winked.

Beryl laughed. "Yeah but the rest of him takes longer." 

After eating breakfast, we poured a cup of coffee and went out to sit by the pool. The church bells pealed across town. Otherwise, it was a quiet Sunday morning, the birds chirping as a gentle breeze rustled the leaves. "Well, not exactly breakfast in bed for you today," I observed.

"No, that's still on my bucket list," Beryl giggled (God she was beautiful). "But it was absolutely delicious just the same. I was going to go back for seconds but I think I'll let things settle until lunch." She flashed her dazzling smile and her eyes sparkled. "Breakfast in bed is something we can look forward to, hopefully sooner rather than later."