 I have always considered myself to be a normal red bloodied male. OK, maybe I am not as macho as the next man. I don’t have many male friends and I am not the type who enjoys pub or club life. Nevertheless, I am all man, from the top of my thinning and greying hair to the tips of my size eight feet and I enjoy everything that the opposite sex has to offer.

Women have always been the love of my life and I am always falling in love, often with more than one woman at a time, which can cause some confusion and not a few problems! Take Kim and Julie for example. Kim came to work for me some years ago when my hair was thicker and a lot less grey. She was a shapely blonde, with the most gorgeous breasts I had ever seen. Not that they were particularly large - if anything they would be considered too small by today’s silicone standards. But they had a perfect shape and it didn’t seem to matter whether they were confined in a pretty bra or left to nature.

When she first walked through my office door I knew that I was smitten. The old familiar tightening of the chest, the sweaty palms, the increased heartbeat - all the classic signs were there. And they got worse as the days passed.

Now Julie, my girlfriend of the moment, was also a beautiful woman. In her early thirties, she had a figure to die for, the sweetest lips you could imagine and a sense of humour to match. We had been together then for some months. Our sex life was wonderful and I loved her dearly, so what on earth was I doing getting notions of falling for Kim?

Well, I will try to explain. I have always found it easier to relate to women than to men. As one of my ex-lovers said to me once "You are in touch with your feminine side!". I took that as a compliment as women always seem to be relaxed in my company as I am in theirs. And it is not just sex, though that is never far in the background. The sight of a pretty heel, or shapely bottom, or well turned thigh, or glimpse of breast, can send my senses reeling. You see, I like to engulf myself in feminine company. 

Julie and I had an open and honest relationship and we both had friends of the opposite sex. Our relationship was strong and neither felt threatened by any of these friendships. So when Kim came into my life, I did fall madly in love with her. She had no idea of my feelings however, and treated me with the respect due to her boss. It was not until I plucked up the courage to ask her out for a drink after work one day that she had any idea that I was remotely interested in her.

However, she readily accepted and we made our way to a local wine bar. We found a seat in a relatively secluded part of the bar and passed the time in small talk. She was wearing a summer dress which revealed as much as it concealed. She was one of those women on whom any old rag looked like a party dress, only this was no rag. A round neck which dipped down towards those lovely breasts and gave tantalising glimpses of round flesh as she leant forward; a slim waist, accentuated by a leather belt; smooth silky material falling over her hips and laying on her shapely thighs, showing just enough to get my pulse racing, yet not enough to be "obvious" - she was a delightful picture to behold and yes, I beheld her oh so much that evening.

Julie was away on a course that weekend so I was in no hurry to rush home. When the conversation got round to boyfriends and girlfriends I saw my opportunity to find out more about Kim’s love life. She had, it seemed, been in a long term relationship before she joined my firm, but had broken up quite recently. She had never been married and had no wish to have children for a few more years. She loved being with men and didn’t get on very well with other women.

"Hmmm, this sounds rather like the opposite of me" I said, telling her about my own desire to seek the company of women.

"You surprise me, Nick" she said, "you strike me as being one of the boys!"

Well, I couldn’t let that pass, and in no time I had told her the story of my life. She was leaning forward with her chin on her hands, a look of intense concentration on her face. Her dress fell forward as she did so giving me ample opportunity to admire the swell of her breasts and a tantalising glimpse of nipple. I felt my pulse racing once more, and I could not help but move my chair closer to hers so that our legs were just touching under the table. I half expected her to pull away from the contact, but she did not, she even returned the pressure of my knee against hers. Becoming bolder, I put my hand on her thigh and lightly caressed her through the thin material of her dress. 

She seemed oblivious of this as she talked about her life and how it seemed to be mirrored in mine. If anything, she moved closer to me as she talked. The table was screening us from any prying eyes in the bar, so, holding my breath as I did so, I moved my hand gently up her thigh until it rested lightly on her mound. I felt her body move down slightly in the chair and press against my hand. Then her hand covered mine pushing it to her, parting her legs slightly as she did so. By now, I was growing hard myself and as my hand was pressed to her sex so her hand brushed gently over my crotch, feeling the hardness grow beneath her hand,

"Can we go somewhere Nick?" she asked. Of course, I said yes, and in no time we were in my car and driving somewhat erratically towards my apartment. We pulled up at my block, and in no time at all we were at the front door. As I opened the door, I motioned her to enter and she brushed past me in the most delightful way.

"Would you like a coffee or something stronger?" I asked.

"Something stronger would be nice Nick, please" she said. I sat her down on the settee and poured us both a shot of malt whiskey, seating myself next to her on the couch. She snuggled herself up against my shoulder and sipped her drink. Putting my arm around her shoulders I drew her towards me. She looked into my eyes, her mouth hovering dangerously close to mine. I could not resist the invitation and in a flash our lips were glued together, tongues searching and touching. My hands were roving all over her body - her back, her arms, her legs, her bottom. She was doing no less to me, and I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

She broke off the kiss and pushed my jacket off from my shoulders and down my arms. My tie went quickly soon followed by my shirt being opened to the waist. I was trying hard to slip her dress off her shoulders in the meantime, somewhat hampered by my jacketed arms, but as she turned her attention to my zip, I had her dress off her shoulders and down over her breasts in a trice. When I saw those delicious breasts fall free, I just had to bury my face in them. As she freed my cock from my pants, I latched onto a nipple and began to suck and tease it with my teeth causing her to shudder and her hand to rub faster on my cock.

The rest of our clothes fell to the floor and at last I was able to see her fully naked body. What a truly delightful sight it was. From her perfect breasts, over her flat stomach, her lightly downed mons, to her shapely thighs which parted for my hands to explore her rapidly moistening sex, shaved smooth. I lay her back on the settee and began to kiss my way down her body, starting from her lips, the little depression in her neck, her swelling breasts with their prominent nipples just begging for attention..... down over her tummy to her mons and resting there to breath in the delicious perfume of her sex. Then further south to her pussy, the lips now opening before me like a ripe fruit, glistens of moisture coating them like honeydew. 

I pressed my nose to her pussy lips and absorbed the musky perfume of her sex - the nectar of the gods. She tried to press herself to my face but I stopped her - I wanted to make this last a long, long time and I was not ready for her to take charge, not yet. With my tongue, I traced the route from the bottom of her vagina up her outer lips and down the other side, not touching her clit, just teasing. Her hips began to buck, but still I held her down. With my fingers I parted her outer lips and pressed my tongue to those inner lips which already were hot with the infused blood that flowed to the very essence of her. My lips kissed those nether lips and my tongue lapped at her juices now flowing freely. 

Moving up slowly, I found her clit, now peeking out from its hood like a baby penis, pulsing gently against my tongue. By now she was fairly thrashing her hips to try to increase the contact, her hands behind my head, trying to pull me towards her. I let her have her way as I pulled her clit into my mouth, sucking and licking while she moaned louder and louder. Suddenly she started to shake, her breathing growing short and then stopping altogether for long moments as her orgasm hit. She pulled my face away from her and lifted my lips up to hers, her hands searching for my cock. Pulling me towards her she glued her lips to mine, sucking and licking at her own juices that coated my face. She guided my cock to her pussy and in a second or two I was buried to the hilt in the most delightfully tight sheath that I had ever had the pleasure of making acquaintance with.

She started to move against me, drawing herself back and forth so that my cock slid in and out of her. I matched her movements, withdrawing to the tip then plunging my six inches to the hilt. Our pace began to increase in intensity and I knew that I would not last very long. As I started to moan with pleasure, she increased the tempo of her thrusts and my cum spurted into the depths of her pussy. I felt her clamp her muscles around my cock and she physically milked me of everything I had to offer.

As my flesh began to contract her muscles rippled in the most wonderful way, like a butterfly tickling me along all of my length. Pushing me away from her she bent down, taking my wet flesh into her mouth, she licked and sucked our mingled juices.

This was the start of a long lasting relationship. You may be wondering what Julie thought of all this when she returned. Well, dear reader, you will have to wait for the next instalment of this story to find out.