 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.



I had dragged my carcass out of bed early on the day after Thanksgiving so that I could get one of the first appointments with my mechanic. I figured I'd rather spend an early hour over there than a few hours later in the day when things had started getting backed up. I'd settled in the waiting area with my coffee and had my head buried in the newspaper when I heard a familiar voice. I peeked over the paper and saw Amanda at the counter going over the work to be done on her car. Amanda was a contractor who worked out of my office a couple of days a week and I was typically in a meeting with her at least once a week. She was cute, with long, dark brown hair and a great rack so I could think of worse people to pass the time with in the waiting area at the mechanic.

By the time she'd made the arrangements for her own car, I had set the paper down and was awaiting her realization that it was me over there. I wasn't disappointed by her reaction as her face brightened and a big smile broke out.

"I was about to ask what you're doing here," she said, shaking her head, "I guess I'm not quite awake yet."

"You and me both," I replied, "You live near here?"

"Pretty close," she said, "but I would come here even if I didn't. You?"

"Not far, actually," I replied, "and I definitely agree with you."

"Of course if I lived closer," she said, "I could go home and go back to bed. Too bad there's not a motel around here that rents by the hour."

"Mmmm...yeah, I totally agree," I replied, using my lothario voice.

"Naughty!" she said, "Though that wouldn't be a bad way to kill some time, actually."

"So are you saying that, if there was a cheap motel nearby and I invited you there to kill some time, you'd accept my invitation," I asked.

"Oh come on," she started, "haven't you ever noticed that, whenever I get to a meeting after you, I always sit next to you? Because I have noticed that, when you arrive after I do, you always sit across from me. Why is that?"

"Because I like to look at you. Why do you sit next to me?" I asked.

"Because I like being close to you," she replied.

"So, knowing all that," I said, "how do you propose we kill time in the absence of a cheap motel?"

"Well," she began, "I think right here in the waiting area might be frowned upon but, if you aren't picky, there's always the restroom."

The restroom was a pretty good size and there wasn't anyone else waiting who was likely to need it. In fact, I'd just seen one of the employees finish cleaning it as I'd arrived, so it wouldn't even be gross. If she was okay with getting it on in the restroom, I certainly wasn't going to find a problem with it. The guy working the counter had stepped into the shop, so we got up and headed to the restroom before he came back. He might wonder what had happened to us, but we weren't really concerned with him at that point. I locked the door behind us and Amanda was immediately in my arms as we started making out. My hands dropped to her ass and pulled her against the growing bulge in my jeans.

"Since this was your idea," I said when we finally broke apart, "you get the first orgasm."

I briefly caressed her tits before hunkering down in front of her and going to work on her belt. She stepped out of her shoes as I got her belt undone and opened her jeans. I slid them down, revealing a pretty basic pair of panties, and handed them to her once I'd helped her step out of them. I ran my fingers over the front of her panties, feeling the coarseness of her bush, the soft flesh and the moist heat, as she laid her jeans over the sink. I slid her panties over her ass, caressing the soft, smooth flesh, then started to lower the front, revealing her well-groomed, dark brown bush. I was looking forward to burying my face in it, so I helped her step out of her panties then handed them to her. She leaned back against the sink and spread her legs a bit more as I was kissing the soft, smooth flesh around her pussy before running my tongue up along her slit.

She moaned softly and grasped my head as I tasted her pungent juices which were copiously flowing from her pussy. After running my tongue up her slit a few times and getting a good taste of her, I slipped a finger up into her hot, slippery pussy then followed it with another. As I started to slowly pump them in and out, I ran my tongue over her clit and she sucked in her breath. She was humping toward my face as I licked and sucked her clit while fingering her hot pussy and, as much as I would have enjoyed spending a good, long time eating her, I got the sense that it wasn't going to take her very long to cum. This was probably for the best since we were in a public restroom and could be interrupted at any time. I also assumed, based on what she'd said earlier and how we'd ended up in there, that this probably would not be my only opportunity. I focused on providing her intense levels of pleasure in as short a time as I could so that I'd have my cock buried in her hot pussy even sooner.

I glanced up as I was eating her, beyond her hard nipples practically bursting through her shirt, and saw a look of raw passion on her face. The occasional soft moan would escape and echo off of the tile but I was making most of the noise with my slurping and my fingers sloshing in her wet pussy. I could feel her beginning to tense up in anticipation of cumming and, again, would have been more than happy to continue eating her, but my cock was threatening to burst from my jeans. I knew that I'd be just as happy having her riding my cock as I played with her tits and caressed her hard nipples, so I focused on getting her the rest of the way there. It wasn't much longer before she gasped and her body began to quake.

I continued eating her through her orgasm and sat back on my heels only once she'd let out a long sigh. She smiled down at me then helped me up and, as we started making out again, she was unfastening my jeans. She pushed them down along with my underwear, taking my cock in her hand as it sprung out. She stroked it briefly before nudging me back toward the toilet so that I could sit down. She took my cock in her hand again as she straddled me, guiding it toward her dark brown bush. My hands were on her tits, fondling them through her shirt, but as her hot, wet pussy engulfed my tool, I had to suppress a moan. I lowered my hands to her waist as she started to slowly ride me, then reached for her bare ass and squeezed it.

Her hot pussy sliding up and down my cock felt amazing and, once she had a good rhythm going, I moved my hands up from her ass, under her shirt, and unfastened her bra. As it went slack, I brought my hands around and slid them under the cups to feel the soft, smooth flesh of her bare tits against my palms. As I was fondling her tits and caressing her hard nipples, she dropped a hand down between her thighs and caressed her clit as she was riding me. With all of this going on, we went back to making out, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. I had no idea how long we'd been in there by that point but, despite the desire to spend as much time together as possible, we knew that, the longer we spent in there, the greater the chances were of being interrupted. Given that, we were fucking frantically and, though I could feel her pussy getting wetter and more engorged around my tool, I wasn't rapidly approaching an orgasm myself.

Maybe it was her tits that were distracting me somewhat, though I was certainly enjoying the feeling of her hot pussy wrapped around and sliding up and down my tool. When Amanda slammed herself down and whimpered while her body shook, I was thinking that, even if we were interrupted, at least she was cumming, which meant greater potential for future encounters. Of course, I certainly would have preferred cumming myself to being interrupted, so I still had that as my ultimate goal now that the goal of satisfying her had been achieved. Thinking that being in control of the action would make achieving the new goal more likely, I suggested a change of position.

I had Amanda climb off of me and turn around as I stood up. She rested her head on her arm which was braced against the sink as I guided my cock back into her from behind. I took her by the hips as I eased my cock into her while noticing that her free hand had slipped back between her thighs. Once my hips were touching her ass, I started to slowly fuck her, again relishing the feel of her hot, slippery pussy as I slid in and out of it. I gradually increased my pace and, once I had a good rhythm going, I reached up under her shirt to fondle her swinging tits again. If somebody had started pounding on the door at that moment, I wouldn't have given a second thought to stopping and they would have had to wait until I was finished. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build, though it was not immediately imminent. With my hands up under her shirt, I wasn't fucking her as hard and fast as I could if I just wanted to get off; I was definitely still savoring the opportunity and the feel of both her pussy and her tits.

When I was getting closer to cumming, I straightened up again with the intention of fucking her hard and fast until I did shoot my load into her. Her pussy was feeling even hotter and wetter, so I knew it wouldn't take very much longer. She surprised me when she pushed back against me and her body started to shake again. I continued fucking her as she came, thinking I might be able to cum before she was finished but, although I was close, she pulled away from me once she'd finished cumming. She turned to face me and kissed me hard while stroking my cock in her hand, then maneuvered around to sit on the toilet with me in front of her. She lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth while gently cradling my balls.

I moaned as she engulfed my tool, feeling my orgasm immediately beginning to build up again as she slid her lips up and down my shaft. She moved her hand up from my balls to pump the base of my shaft while her free hand gripped my ass. I was just looking down at the top of her head, catching a glimpse of her lips wrapped around my tool each time she slid them toward the head. She only paused once, sliding my cock from her mouth but continuing to pump it, looking up and smiling at me before engulfing it again. From that point, she sucked me off voraciously and it didn't take long before I was on the verge of blowing my load down her throat. I definitely had no issues with her as a cocksucker and hoped I'd have the opportunity to enjoy her oral skills again in the future.

With a grunt, I started to spew into her mouth and she swallowed my load, continuing to suck me off until I was completely spent. When she let my cock fall from her mouth and straightened up, I let out a sigh and we smiled at each other.

"That kind of intensity in a public restroom," she said, "imagine what we could do with some privacy."

"Let's not imagine," I replied, "Let's figure it out."

She smiled at me and I handed her panties to her, pulling my own underwear and jeans up as she slipped into them. I handed her jeans over next and, once she was standing and pulling them over her hips, I slipped my hands up under her shirt to fondle her tits again. She indulged me until she needed to tuck her shirt in, then I slipped my hands out again and she refastened her bra. Once we were presentable, she peeked out of the restroom and saw that the waiting area was still vacant. We slipped out and she took another peek around the corner and found the sales counter unattended. We casually went back to the waiting area and started chatting about what are next steps would be once our cars were both completed.