 You'll enjoy this more if you read chapters 1 through 6 of "Kim and Me" first. 

Curled up in bed together, Kim and I drank hot tea and talked. 

"I'm having a wonderful time, Kim," I said. "And I'm feeling very romantic. This isn't quite the usual thing for me, you understand. I mean, I'm a romantic guy and all, you know that, but I don't usually feel like this on what amounts to a long first date, but I've known you forever and this is just kind of acknowledging something that's been close to there for a long time."

"I understand perfectly," Kim said. "I'm feeling silly and girlish and I have this terrific crush on you and my head's full of clouds of perfume. It's a wonderful way to start a relationship." 

"Having a relationship with you suits me just fine," I said. "I'm not going anywhere and you're truly dazzling. And where else could I find a woman as pretty as you who also likes oral sex, sushi, and spicy Korean food with the same gusto that you do?" I moved my cup to one side and kissed her carefully. 

"Speaking for myself, I don't think I'm likely to find someone who turns me on quite the same way you do. I never knew you liked showing off like that. We're going to do that again, and soon!" Kim kissed me again. 

"I'd like that, too, honey," I said. "But seriously, I want to spend a lot of time with you from now on. Possibly close to every waking moment."

"I'd heard there were some magic advantages to getting involved with a really good friend. One of them is that you already know each others' tastes in food and entertainment and things like that. Then you can devote a whole lot of time to discovering each other sexually." Kim set her cup down and rubbed my cock gently. 

"Well, I'm all for that, myself. I think there's certainly room for exploration with you. You are shockingly uninhibited," I said. "I never expected that you'd like webcamming at all, let alone as much as you obviously did." 

Kim gripped my cock hard and I could feel her squeezing her thighs together. "That makes two of us. I didn't have any idea you could do this and I certainly didn't know that you were into it. And I feel so good that you don't mind my being an exhibitionist. I don't know why I get so hot when I show off, but I just do." 

"You really liked it, did you?" I said teasingly.

"Don't even go there. Of course I liked it! I've never cum that big in my life. Ever!" 

"We've only scratched the surface, you know," I said. Kim took a quick breath. "I'm not kidding. Apart from doing this again, we can have a select audience, we could do things one-on-one with someone or even a couple, we can get you set up with a webcam at your apartment and you and I could do things on camera together at each other or with other people—" 

"Stop, stop, stop! All that's too much to think about at once! I'd be lucky to make it into work in one piece with all of that to do!" Kim said. "And I'd never have a pair of dry panties again." 

"That'd be attractive, honey." 

"You're awful!" Kim said, slapping my arm. "It might sound good, but I'd leave wet spots wherever I went, which would not look professional and I don't have that kind of a clientele that I'd be able to use it with." 

"Subliminal advertising? Pheromone attraction? OW!" I said, as Kim poked me in an abused pectoral. "That's better" I said when Kim kissed the spot she'd poked. Kim expanded her range slightly and kissed my chest on the other side, then started kissing her way down my stomach. She kissed my pubic mound and held my cock up and lightly kissed the tip. 

"Tell me more about this while I suck on you. 

"I thought you wanted to fuck?"

"I did. I do! But I want to suck on you now. We can fuck later. Right now, I want to taste your cum again." 

"There's only a limited amount of me left in there today," I said. "I don't want to use it all up and leave you wanting more."

"I'm feeling like I can't get enough of you now as it is, so I'm just going with the flow of the moment. Which, as it happens, I want to be flowing in my mouth right now." 

"Oh, all right!" I said crossly. In a stage aside, I said "Did that sound peevish enough?" 

"Perfectly," Kim said, "I was quite taken in by it. Now scoot over here and tell me more about the things you have in mind for us on camera." Kim peeled the covers down and put her mouth on the end of my cock. She lifted her head for a moment and said "Tell me about something really hot that happened on camera." I felt her mouth wrap around my cock once more and Kim's magic tongue started running around the head. 

"Ummm...." Kim's sucking was really distracting and I was going to have a much harder time of keeping up a narrative while she blew me than when I'd eaten her earlier this afternoon. Kim had noticed that I wasn't talking and I heard an "Mmm?" from her while she sucked me deeper. 

"Let me tell you about someone I do one-on-one with periodically." 

"Mmmmm-hmmm!" 

"She's an artist on the East Coast. She goes by the name of Andy, which she says is short for 'Andromeda', which is a chosen name and not a given name. I shudder to think of parents saddling a child with 'Andromeda.' She does painting mostly." 

"Mmmmmm." 

"Andy's a very horny girl. She's also very nice to look at: she's got big tits, she's a bit on the plump side, and she has curly light brown hair." 

Kim raised her head for a moment and said "Am I detecting a pattern here?" 

"Yes, you're very smart. Go back to what you were doing." Sucking re-ensued with a noise of "Hmmmm!" 

"Andy and I met in one of the groups and went private. One advantage of going private is that you get really good video. The picture's almost the size of the whole screen and it updates quickly, so it really is a lot like being there to watch. I'd phone her on my phone and have a headset so we could hear each other." 

I pushed my hips up so my cock went deeper into Kim's mouth. "Andy likes having her feet up on the desk so I can get a really good view of what she's doing. She'll start by playing with her nipples—she has big nipples. I can see her flexing her thighs as she gets excited. She also likes watching me get hard." There was an emphatic "Mmmm-hmmm!" from Kim and she went down all the way on me. I groaned and continued. 

"When she's gotten aroused, she spreads her pussy lips by grabbing the edges and pulling them wide. She has great big pussy lips and it's easy to do. The inside of her cunt's gotten bright red by this time. Andy will shove a finger into herself and start fingerfucking without any clit rubbing for a few minutes and we'll talk hot at each other on the phone. She's got a speakerphone, so I can hear her very well. She squishes nicely when she gets really hot." 

Kim moved around so she was almost in a 69 position and started fucking me with her mouth. I didn't say anything for a moment and just made happy little noises as my cock slid down her throat until she made a "c'mon, c'mon!" gesture with her hand. Looked like I was going to have to work for this. (Poor, pitiful me!) 

"Andy's really keen on using a clear vinyl dildo. It's actually a double-dildo but she likes the length. She'll push it up insider her and then lay the extra down across her stomach. One evening, she even had only four inches in her pussy and the rest was all the way up between her tits so she could feel like she had a cock inside and one fucking her tits at the same time." Kim pulled on my scrotum with one hand and sucked me some more. 

"Thinking about the last time we did this is really getting me close," I said. "Cassie finished off by standing up over the camera so I could see her fucking herself with the dildo. She got so hot that there was a drop of juice on the camera lens by the time she was done. I came so hard that I had to wipe off the keyboard and the monitor. Oh, honey, keep doing that. Oh, yeah, that's very good." Kim had me deep in her throat most of the time by now and was pulling my thighs apart so she could get her head just a little deeper than usual. 

Kim's pussy was not far from my head and I cupped Kim's pussy with my hand. She spread her legs slightly and I ran a finger just inside and tickled her slit. I felt her respond to my touch. I pulled my hand up to my nose and smelled the fragrance of her hot cunt and that started me cumming. There was a loud "Mmmm!" from Kim and she buried my cock deep in her mouth and held still while I blew spurts of semen down her throat. I arched my back at the third spurt and held us both up, with my cock still deep in Kim's throat. I relaxed onto the bed after the last major spurt had died back and said "Wow!" and then "Aaagh! Not the head, please!" as Kim ran her tongue over the head, which was now far too sensitive. "The shaft, the shaft!" Kim obligingly went back down and, with the head tucked safely back behind her tongue and out of harm's way, licked and massaged the shaft with her tongue. This much I could stand right after cumming and I lay back and enjoyed it. 

Kim clearly liked this, too, but couldn't keep it up indefinitely without breathing. She lifted her head slowly off my cock and said "I love feeling you shoot straight down my throat, but I don't get to taste it. It's a draw." She smacked her lips and ran her tongue over them. 

"That was incredible, Kim!" I gasped. 

"Got me hot, too," Kim said. "Look at this!" She reached down to her pussy and touched her fingers to the inside of the lips and then pulled them away. There was a faint smacking noise and I saw a little sticky fluid on her fingertips. "I've always been fairly creamy when I was having sex, but this is amazing. It tastes really good, too," she added, licking her fingers, "but that's more the time of the month than anything else." 

"I want to eat you again if you can stand it," I said. 

"Be my guest," Kim said and spread her legs wide.

"Nuh-uh," I said, "I want you to ride my face."

"Ooooooh, that sounds like a lot of fun, too! How do you want me?" Kim said.

"Move up here and put your knees on either side of my head. You can hold onto the headboard that way for extra support."

Kim got on her knees and moved up to one side of my head. She gripped the headboard and very carefully brought her leg over so she was right over my face. The view was incredible. Her pussy was very puffy and I could see bits of her cream from the recent dildoing in my office making her pubic curls sticky and matted down. The lace crotchless panties framed her pussy but didn't get in the way of anything. 

I brought my arms up and held her plump waist and helped her settle into just the right position. I now had my nose rubbing just above her clit and my mouth was pressed right into her vaginal opening. I opened my mouth and tongued her experimentally. Kim purred slightly and said "I'm going to like fucking your face, I can tell." 

"Do you care to tell me a story as well?" I said from between Kim's thighs, somewhat indistinctly. 

"About what?" Kim asked. 

"Anything, really, but I was wondering if you'd like to tell me about something exhibitionistic you did that got you incredibly hot." I went back to licking her slit with long, slow swipes of my tongue. 

"I can tell you a fantasy that I think about when I'm using the dildo on myself, how's that?" 

"Mmmm-hmmmm," More licking. 

"Well, I only use the dildo when I've got time and I'm really horny. Weekends, usually, though I have to admit that talking to you on the phone would get me really worked up." 

"Mmmmm!" I said. I licked Kim's clit, figuring I should reward a loyal fan. 

"Ooooh, too much yet!" Kim said. "Push your tongue deep into me, please." 

"Mmmmmmmm-hmmm!" I shoved my tongue into her as far as I could and wiggled it around. Kim responded by shifting slightly from side to side and settling down a bit deeper on my mouth. I took this for approval and kept up what I was doing. 

"Anyway, sometimes I take off everything but I dress in these big silk harem pants. They're very loose and I can pull them down, put the dildo in me, and then pull them back up. I can grab the base of the dildo through the fabric so I can fuck myself with the dildo inside the pants." 

"Mmmhhmm??" 

"I imagine that I'm in a slave girl in a harem—" 

"MMMMMmmmmm!"

"—and that I'm dancing topless in the harem pants for half a dozen men." 

"Mmmmmmmmmm!" My hands moved up Kim's sides and grabbed her breasts. Kim leaned forward into my hands slightly and started rocking back and forth gently. 

"When you were telling me about your belly-dancing fantasy, I was so excited but I wanted to surprise you. I love that image. It gets me runny thinking about it." 

"I can taste it," I said, in a muffled voice. "And I love this!" 

Kim pushed my head back up a couple of inches and I went back to licking her pussy. "I'm dancing for them, no veils or anything like that, but I'm wiggling my boobs at them and making enticing motions with my hands and rubbing my crotch at them. I realize there's a big slit in the harem pants so I start flashing my pussy at them. All the while I'm doing this, I'm getting very hot and I can see that they're getting hard. When they start rubbing their cocks, I reach into the harem pants and dance with one hand playing with my pussy." Kim raised up slightly at this point and then settled down again a little lower, so her clit was more in line with my tongue. I took to licking up from the base of her clit, spreading the lips and hitting the face of it with the tip of my tongue. Kim made a little "Ahhh..." noise and then continued with her fantasy.

"So, I've gotten really hot and they've gotten really hot and I move over to a saddle-shaped stool that's got a polished wooden cock sticking right up the middle of it. I stand over it and get the cock in through the slit of my harem pants and then I slowly lower myself onto it. By this time, I'm getting very hot lying on my bed and I'm working the dildo into my pussy nice and deep." 

Kim was definitely getting turned on telling me this story. She was rocking back and forth fairly hard, for one thing. I could also feel little muscle twitches that promised a nice big cum. But best of all, she was tasting different. When I first started eating her, she was sweet, sticky, and thick. As she got more excited, the taste was getting higher, slightly more metallic, and she was getting very, very wet. I loved it and worked my tongue all over her pussy lips and clit, occasionally sticking it deep inside her and then repeating the process. 

"I can see all the men have pulled out their cocks and they're jerking off, but I'm mostly focusing on showing off for them. The dildo on the saddle's really long and thick, but I have no problem getting all of it inside me. When it's all in me and I'm completely down on the saddle, I spread my legs and roll around a bit. That gets them all turned on and I get very wet thinking about them watching me." There were pauses in the story as Kim got close and I put my hands on her waist and pushed her down onto my lips. 

"As soon as I see the first man cum on the floor, I start slamming my ass up and down on the saddle. The men can all see a foot of wet wooden cock going in and out of my hot pussy and they all start shooting cum all over and I start cumming, I start cumming, I, I, oh, God, eat me, John, lickmelickmeaaaaaaahhhh!—" Kim was rocking hard and pulled my head hard into her crotch and I opened my mouth as wide as I could and used the flat of my tongue on everything. Kim made noise and yelled for at least 15-20 seconds and then held my face to her crotch for another 10. Every muscle in her body was tight and I could feel her shudder with aftershocks. 

Kim let my head down on the bed and raised herself off my face carefully. I was looking up at her gorgeous pussy, which was now soaking wet and I saw a small milky-white bead at the base of her slit. Kim was still shaking with the occasional aftershock. She lifted her leg back over my head and stretched out on the bed next to me. She pressed her face into mine, kissed me, then pressed her face into mine and inhaled. 

"Oooooh, you smell like me again!" Kim said. 

"I do and it's my new favorite cologne," I replied.

"I've never told anyone that fantasy. I got really hot sharing it with you, particularly while riding your face like the saddle." 

"It's a nice fantasy and I really loved how hot you got." 

Kim looked at my cock. "It seems to have gotten you going again, too." 

"Um, actually, I don't think I can take any more sex tonight, Kim," I said. 

"You're just saying that," Kim said. "Personally, I don't believe you." She stroked my penis a couple times very gently. 

"Well, it may not be true, but I think it might be a lot of work. I'm not sure how far we'd get with it, that's for sure." 

Kim said "It's okay; I'm worn out for the time being, too. I want to be close and snuggly with you right now." 

"Are you hungry?" I said. 

"Yes, I am. What time is it?" Kim asked. 

"9:30" I replied. 

"Well, no wonder! I had four or five potstickers three hours ago and nothing prior to that since lunch! Let's do dinner." 

"What would you like?" I said. 

"I am reasonably open, but we had Chinese food last night and we had potstickers earlier, so I'm in the mood for something different." 

"Italian?"

"Yes, please."

"Do you want to go out or stay in?" I said. 

"Ummm... If I say that I want to stay in, what's on the menu?" Kim asked. 

"I have three options: I have pesto and I can whip up angel hair to spread it on. I can nuke leftover lasagna. Or we can order Pagliacci's Pizza. The lasagna's going to be quickest and most filling." 

"Is this your lasagna with the spinach you always bring to parties?" 

"Yup," I said proudly. "Learned the recipe from my mom. She was a great cook." 

"Then let's do lasagna." 

"Excellent!" I got out of bed and put my robe on. I looked at Kim, who was lying in bed on her side, and said "You're awfully fetching lying there in bed like that. But I think food would be a good idea first." 

"Do you want any help in the kitchen?" Kim said.

"I think I'd like company in the kitchen, but all you need to do is look pretty. But, uhh..." 

"What?" 

"Umm, would you be willing to put those pretty shoes on? You're very sexy with those shoes on." I said shyly. 

"Why, sure!" Kim said. "I wear them because they make me look good. And I feel a bit like a woman of easy virtue in them. I like the way they feel when I walk."

"You are a woman of easy virtue, Kim; I hate to be the one to break it to yuh like this," I said. Kim stuck her tongue out at me. "You're only proving my point like that." She giggled. "And they show off your legs and feet nicely. You do have cute ankles." 

"Then I'll have to wear them a little more often if it makes you compliment my ankles," Kim said. 

"I'll go start the lasagna. Join me whenever."

I headed into the kitchen and got out the tray of lasagna from the refrigerator. There was about two-thirds of a tray left. I'd gotten an urge for lasagna early in the week and had been having some of it for lunch here and there. I pulled a large plate from the cupboard and cut most of the remaining lasagna out of the tray and set it on the plate and threw it in the microwave and set it for ten minutes of cooking time. There was only a serving of lasagna left, so I wrapped that up on a small plate, wrapped it with plastic wrap, and tucked it back in the refrigerator. The lasagna pan went into the sink to soak overnight. 

Kim came into the kitchen wearing the shoes, but she'd changed out of the nightie and into another of the light cotton kimonos. She said "I love that, but I wanted something that was a little more covering. My shoulders were getting cold." We kissed. With the shoes on, Kim was as tall as I was, which felt different and sparked a reflective chain of thoughts. 
