 You'll enjoy this more if you read chapters 1 through 4 of "Kim and Me" first. Please feel free to leave a vote and/or a comment. 

*

We drove to the Castle Superstore, got out of the car, and walked in. As I held the door open for Kim, I said "Welcome to porn heaven!" 

Castle Superstore is something fairly new in the area. As near as I can tell, they buy up a supermarket location that wasn't working as a supermarket, remodel, and sell adult stuff of all kinds. Dildos and vibrators and lubes and whips and cuffs and feathery things and bedroom costumes and porn. Aisles and aisles of porn, sorted by class--magazines, books, video tapes, and DVDs--and type, such as straight, gay, bi, solo... there's so much porn that even the fetishes are broken into subcategories for easier shopping: big tits here, plumpers there, pregnancy and lactation over on the wall there. It's huge. And best of all, Kim had never been here before {insert oily rubbing of hands and a muted cackle coming from me here}.

Just inside the front door, Kim paused and surveyed the landscape. From what I'd seen the few times I'd been there before, this was a typical reaction. It had certainly been mine. She was clearly impressed and said as much. 

"I've been here a few times, mostly to check it out, but I've never gone shopping here with anyone before," I said. 

We grabbed a cart and headed for the left side of the store. "There are a few things I'm planning on getting, but I think you ought to get the full tour." 

Kim took my arm as we walked and said "Oh, definitely! This is much bigger than anywhere I've been before." 

I said "I like it. There's lots of light and you don't stick to the carpet." 

We turned the corner on the leftmost aisle and I paused. "See?" I said. There was nothing but dildos and vibrators all the way down the aisle. There were shelves, bins, and wall displays. 

"My God, this is like IKEA for sex toys!" Kim said. 

"Parts of the store are more like Ace Hardware, but yup, that's about it. 

We ambled down the aisle. I gave Kim a chance to look at everything. She stopped to examine one item or another every few feet and kept shaking her head in amazement at either the product or the variety. About halfway down the aisle, Kim said "I didn't realize that there were this many different types in the world." 

"The overall purpose is about the same for all of them, I grant you, but they're all a little different in how they're going to get you there." 

As we came to the end of the aisle, there was a six-foot section of nipple clamps of various kinds. I stopped and held up one small package and said "These are the ones I started with that you saw earlier." I pointed out a few others that I'd looked at for myself in the past and said "See anything you like?" 

"I don't think this is quite the same as buying me candy and flowers, you know," Kim said. 

"Noooo, but it's just like what I said a moment ago," I replied. "The overall purpose is about the same for all of them, but they're all a little different in how they're going to get you there." 

Kim poked me and said "Yeah, yeah, yeah." After examining the contents of the rack, she said "I think I'd like to wait on nipple clamps." 

"Okay, sweetie, it was just a thought." We rounded the corner and found ourselves in the games and light entertainments aisle. Kim and I pointed out a couple of the sex games to each other but we both figured we'd do better on our own and more than half of them seemed to be geared to more than two players. 

We skipped the next couple of aisles, which were geared a lot more towards the Ace Hardware crowd, and ended up in the tattoos and piercings aisle. I pointed out some of the different kinds of piercing hardware to Kim, who was only casually familiar with most of it. 

"Why would I want to put a stud through my tongue?" Kim said. 

"It supposedly makes a big difference in the sensations when giving a blowjob... or licking a clit, for that matter," I explained. "I've never had the experience myself, but friends have said it's no big deal either way. It's more the idea of it, I think." 

Kim considered this. "I cannot imagine needing a tongue stud. Good technique should cover everything." 

I said "Boy, I'll say!" and nudged her. She grinned.

We'd moved to the displays of nipple piercing hardware. "Now, a nipple piercing on the other hand is great fun." I pointed to some of the more ornate niobium rings. "They feel good and I think they look very sexy. Some of them are very pretty."

Kim snapped her fingers and said, "That's right! I forgot that you'd had your nipple pierced a few years ago. But you're not wearing it now; how come?" 

"I took it out a couple months ago when I snagged it and bent the ring and didn't get around to putting a new one back in time. The hole's grown closed now. I wouldn't need to be repierced, but getting the new ring in would stretch and tear the skin, so I'd have to go through a rehealing process to put one back in. " 

"Why'd you have it done in the first place?" Kim said. 

"I wanted more nipple sensitivity than I was able to get. It worked really well, too." I sighed happily. "But I've still got a lot of the sensitivity now even with the nipple ring in, so it's not quite a use-it-or-lose-it deal." 

Kim didn't say anything but I could see she was thinking about this. 

We passed by the jewelry for genital piercings rather quickly. Kim said "No-one's getting near my vagina with needles, thank you very much!" 

"I've never had any desire to have my penis head stabbed with needles and the thought of what could happen with an infection makes me shudder," I said. "They're supposedly fun but, no, definitely not." 

There was a huge section of temporary tattoos. I stopped in the middle of it and said "Now, I want to select some tattoos for you so you can see what they look like." We dug around and eliminated sheets of roses and barbed wire, skulls, unicorns, bunny rabbits, and Winnie-the-Pooh characters. We ended up with a couple of big sheets of flowers and vines for anklets and a big one for Kim's lower back. She wouldn't be able to see it directly, but I would. Kim added a large blue and gold koi design for my leg, saying "I want to see you with one of these, too." 

"Fine with me, honey; I like tattoos." 

We looked down the next two aisles were nothing but racks of glossy magazines of all kinds. I said "I was thinking of movies, actually; magazines are hard to do together." 

"Sounds good to me, too." 

The DVD section covered a lot of floor. I turned to Kim and said "What kinds of films do you like?" 

Kim thought briefly. "Umm... I like straight stuff, mostly, although I occasionally like to get something with woman masturbating by themselves. If I'm in the mood for it, it gets me very hot. But I usually look for couples videos. Candida Royalle's movies are my favorites. What about you?"

"I like all that, but I also like amateur compilations: you know, people who aren't professionals and who look like real people fucking. I'm not a fan of anal sex, so I skip those. I also like stuff from the 80s, when women looked like women. I can't stand a lot of the porn flicks today; the women... well, and the men, too, tend to look like they've been genetically engineered. And they're shaved, too; I've always preferred hair." Kim smiled. "And you know how I feel about women who're a little plump and have big boobs," I said, giving her waist a squeeze. 

Kim squeezed my arm in return and said "Yes, I think I do." 

"Why don't you choose a favorite and I choose a favorite and we share them?" I said. 

"So we can share a few hot fantasies? You bet!" 

"I know what I'm going to look for already," I said. "'Candystripers.'" 

We headed for the "Classics" section and I found a copy of "Candystripers" easily. Kim looked at the box and said "Young nurses?" 

"Well, candystripers, but yes." 

"Why do guys like nurse fantasies so much?" Kim asked.

"I couldn't say," I replied. "Maybe it's the idea that you've got potentially attractive women leaning over you and working on your scantily clad body while you're in bed. Maybe it's the sponge baths. Maybe it's the uniforms. What do you think?"

"Maybe it's just because you're all horndogs." 

"True, but is there a point there anywhere?" 

"No, no, just observing." Kim looked around and said "Ah, there's the Couples video section." 

We walked over to the "Couples" section and Kim picked up "Bridal Shower" and showed it to me. "This is one of Candida Royalle's best films," she said.

I looked at the back of the box. "Oh, far out, it's got Candida Royalle and Nina Hartley both!" 

Kim said "And it's very hot stuff for me, too. You'll see." 

"Coooooool."

We headed up front. The clerk was a rather gothic woman in her mid-20s with a lot of visible tattoos and 3 piercings in each ear. Not bad, although she was a bit on the skinny side. She had a great attitude and gave us a big smile when she had finished ringing us up. We smiled back and left. 

As we got into the car, I said "What'd you think of the tattoos?"

Kim said "I admit that they look really great, but I'd have to get tattoos that aren't visible to the average person so I don't scare my clients." 

"I understand that," I said. "If I'm speaking to a group on management processes, it's a tougher sell if I've got tats showing. People that can afford to pay my speaking fees are not noted for their body modifications." 

I started the car and said "It's about 5:30. Are you hungry?" 

Kim said "Not very. I could wait another hour or two."

"Me, too, and I'd like to do something outside while we've still got daylight and this nice weather," I said. "Uhhh.... when does the zoo close?" 

"I think it closes at 6:00 this time of year, so that's not going to work today, but we could walk around Greenlake. That'd take maybe an hour and we'd work up an appetite, too." 

"Outstanding idea," I said. "Let's go!" 

We drove to Greenlake and I found a parking space. We got out and walked to the lakeshore. "Clockwise or counterclockwise?" Kim asked. 

"Oh, counterclockwise, I guess." 

Both of us were familiar with Greenlake and the natural scenery. We'd never walked together for any distance and I discovered to my great pleasure that we could have an arm around each other's waists and walk together easily. It felt mighty good. 

We talked about miscellaneous things related to our jobs and people we both knew for about half the lake, then, when we ran out of things to talk about, we just enjoyed walking together. The weather was lovely and the sun was getting low in the west. As we rounded the turn to the last quarter mile of the path, Kim said "Tell me what you were talking about earlier today."

"What?" I said.

"That thing that was going to be 'a safe and exhibitionistic thrill' I think you said."

"Sure," I said. "Okay, you remember that I wrote an article about four years ago on web cams and video chatting? Web cams had just come out about then and one of the magazines I work for had me do a feature on web cams and video conferencing from your home computer." 

"Yes, I do. You sent me a couple of pictures of you trying to work with the cats sleeping on top of the computer and blocking the keyboard," Kim said. 

"Right, that's it. Well, what I discovered while I was writing the article was that, just like BBSes in the 80s and early 90s, there were adult chats going on in this venue, too, except that it wasn't just typing. People were using the cameras so they could show each other what they were doing while they were busy typing one-handed." 

"So you're saying that there are people with cameras focused on themselves while they jerk off?" Kim said. 

"Not just that: there are lots of couples on there, too, so there are people doing things to each other on camera as well," I replied.

Kim stopped walking and said, "Can just anyone do this?" 

"Yeah," I said. "But there are lots of adult webcamming groups; the software most people use doesn't support more than about a dozen folks on at a time. A lot of the better webcamming groups require that you apply for membership so they can screen people for being reasonable adults and not just jerks. It's all free. I'm in about nine different private groups and there are a number of public ones that are okay, too." 

"Is this anonymous?" Kim said.

"Fairly, but there's the old rule that things on the Internet take on a life of their own so you just never know," I said. "I know a few people who wear masks and some who don't let their face show on camera. But most aren't too concerned one way or another. And you can always just go private."

"Go private?" 

"Yes, that's where you get into a one-on-one session with someone. That way you're not revealing your face to a dozen or more people who you may or may not know; it's just one person who you may have gotten to know fairly well online before doing this."

"So, it's like phone sex but with cameras?" Kim asked.

"Exactly!" I said. "But you also have a measure of anonymity: no-one knows your phone number or real name if you don't want 'em to. As a matter of fact, chances are good they won't even know which portion of the continent you're on. One group I'm very fond of has people from Europe and Italy in it. There are lots of pretty people of both sexes and none of 'em are the least bit shy about displaying themselves online" 

Kim pulled close to me and kissed me hungrily. "I knew you weren't shy about things like this, but I never knew you liked showing like this. This makes me so hot! Just thinking about it makes me wish I could blow you right here in front of everyone!" She kissed me again and her tongue was deep in my mouth. I could feel her hands all over me. Kim moved in close and used our embrace to hide her hand cupping my cock and rubbing me up and down. 

"I'm getting turned on seeing how hot you're getting," I said. "Let's head back to my house. There are probably people on in a couple of the East Coast groups and you can see what it's like for yourself." 

We walked the last few hundred yards of lakeshore quickly and hurried back to the car. We pulled out of the lot and headed back towards my house. It was about a 10-minute drive. I looked over at Kim and saw that she was looking flushed. Her nostrils were flared and she was breathing heavily. "I never knew this turned you on so much," I said. 

"Oh, gawd, yes!" Kim said. Like I said earlier, I've only been able to do a little of this in the past and I've never done anything half so hot as this." She pressed her jeans over her crotch. "God, I'm so hot I think I'm leaking." 

I said "Check and see. I want to know."

Kim made a small noise like a puff of steam escaping at this and looked at me. I nodded and said "Please, Kim, I'd love it." She tried to unzip her jeans but her fingers were shaking too hard to do it, so and she finally just unsnapped them and pulled them apart. She dipped her left hand into her panties and bent forward and said "Ohhh!" Kim leaned back and said "I am very wet! Look at this!" She arched her hand and cupped her fingers slightly and held them out to me. They were covered with a wet sheen of her juices. I held her wrist and licked and sucked her fingers while driving carefully with one hand. Kim wiggled in her seat and then said "I need my hand back!" 

I let go and she shoved her hand back into her panties. She leaned back and closed her eyes and started masturbating. (I couldn't get home fast enough at this point, but figured I'd better drive carefully for the last half mile with all this distraction.) From the motions, Kim was running her fingers up and down the length of her slit. She pulled her panties out further to get better access and plunged three fingers into herself repeatedly. There were squishing sounds and I could see that her panties were soaked up the front. 

Thankfully, we pulled into my carport about this time. I couldn't tell you what the last eight blocks had been like because I wasn't watching them very closely. I was just glad we hadn't hit a parked car or gotten pulled over in the middle of this. I shut the car off, but Kim didn't notice; she was lost in her own world. With my hands free, I reached over and squeezed her breasts. She opened her eyes and looked at me and started cumming. It started with a gasp, then a cry, and then it became a full deep yell. I held her tightly and felt her whole body shake while she kept digging her fingers deep inside herself. 

When she stopped cumming, she looked at the carport and said "I'm glad we're home." We said nothing for a moment and then looked at each other and started laughing. Kim pulled her fingers out of her panties. They were covered with cum and she wiped them off on her jeans, then zipped her pants up. "Let me see if my legs work after that." They almost didn't, as a matter of fact; Kim had to take a moment to stand up. As soon as she did so, I started laughing again. Kim turned around and said, angrily, "What's so funny?" 

I pointed to the passenger seat and said "Look." On the gray seat cushion was a long dark strip of moisture where Kim had been sitting. Kim blushed scarlet and said "Oh, dear God!" in a small voice. I said "Turn around for a moment, honey." She did so, a bit reluctantly. She looked over her shoulder and said "What?" 

I said "I'm looking for evidence... oh, yeah, there it is." I traced a large damp spot that extended all over the seat of her jeans and down the inside of the thighs a bit. "It's good that you're wearing black jeans right now because you really have to be looking to see anything." 

I heard a small "Oh" from Kim. 

"Of course, I could smell how hot you are a couple blocks away right now," I said.

"I'm so embarrassed!" said Kim. 

I got out of the car and came around to her side of the car and took her in my arms. "Hey, honey, I don't mind a bit. And the car's easy to clean and if it doesn't... it'll smell like you and that beats a new car smell any day of the week." I felt Kim relax a little and then she said, "This weekend is already off the charts strange for me and it's not even Saturday yet... but I really like the way this is going." She looked deep into my eyes and said "I want to take you inside. Besides which, we have tattoos to apply and things to try. And I think I'd like to nibble on something." 

"Me or food?" 

"Whatever's on the menu. C'mon, big guy."