 Seth and Kim walked arm in arm to his car across the wet pavement. She could feel her knees still weak as they walked together. In his head, Seth replayed the event in the bathroom. It was easily the most erotic night of his life. As he held on to her, he knew there was still more to come.

They drove mostly in silence down the road. Seth didn't live very far away. About fifteen minutes, they arrived in the parking lot. Seth turned off the car and looked at Kim. She smiled and leaned in and kissed him again. It was a deep kiss. Seth pulled her against his chest, sliding his hand through her hair. She moaned as she felt his cock harden against her. She reached down with her hand and fondled it through his pants. That gave Seth an idea.

He quickly unzipped his pants and raised his ass off the seat. He lowered his jeans and boxers to the floor, letting his now solid cock spring free. She glanced down with a smile as she licked her lips.

Kim wrapped her hand around it, stroking it gently at first. She watched as his hips lunged forward and back. They both knew what she was going to do. So it was no surprise when she leaned across both seats and her face fell into his lap. Her mouth opened and she sucked the length of him in her eager mouth.

Seth's hands moved through her hair as she licked him. He watched in the darkness as Kim's head bobbed up and down on him. He moaned as he smiled, watching her. She deep throated him for a moment, until she felt him once again raise his hips, forcing his cock further down her throat. Kim choked momentarily on him. She looked up at him, his cock dropping from her mouth.

"I'm sorry," Seth started to say but couldn't finish his thought as Kim slightly winked before sucking his cock into her mouth again, this time with more vigor. Seth leaned back against the chair and closed his eyes, fixating the sensations she was creating. He started raising his hips again, fucking her mouth. This time she kept pace with him. Kim started grinding her hips against the seat as she tasted him, fucking the front seat of his car. Kim tasted him in her mouth and could still feel him in her most private of places. 

"Let's go upstairs. Now!" Kim said as she pulled her mouth away. Seth nodded his head and reached for his boxers and pants, pulling them up in one swift motion. Kim exited the car first. Seth opened his door and reached for his keys in his pocket. He locked the car from the remote control and motioned to Kim. She walked to the driver's side of the car and took him by the hand. Together they moved across the parking lot to his apartment.

"Third floor." Seth said as he guided her to the stairs. As they climbed to the first platform, Seth grabbed her by the arm and stopped her. She turned around to face him. He pulled her into his arms, pressing her against the wall as he kissed her deeply. She responded eagerly with mouth wide open. She moved her hips against him. Seth cupped her breasts through her tank top. Kim moaned as he groped her.

"You are turning me on so much!" she whimpered as she thrust her hips into his body.

"Just wait till I get you upstairs. You haven't seen anything yet." Seth grinned taking her by the hand and leading her up another flight of stairs. Quickly they walked up to the third floor, arm in arm. Seth reached into his pocket and pulled out the keys. He opened the door and led Kim inside. As soon as the door was closed and locked, Seth pushed her against the door and kissed her. He lifted her arms over her head and held her with one hand by the wrists. Kim squirmed, moaning into his open mouth. With his free hand, he squeezed her breasts through her tank top again. 

The room was completely dark as they kissed deeply. She could feel his hardening cock pressing against her thigh. 

"Where is your room?" she asked, pushing him away. Seth realized her hands and kissed her deeply again, pulling her into his arms. She grabbed his cock teasingly. His eyes shifted from his crotch to her chest to the hallway. He grabbed her hand and pulled her down the hallway. She laughed as she followed him down the dark hallway. 

They passed two rooms on the left and one more on the right before coming to the end of the hallway. He pushed open the door and reached in, turning the light switch on. Kim entered the bedroom followed by Seth. He quickly closed the door and once again pinned Kim against a door.

"Such a sexy body." he said in between kisses, once again groping at her breasts.

"It's yours. All yours." she whispered in between moans. Seth pulled at her shirt, lifting it over her head. Kim raised her arms, helping guide the shirt over her head. Her nipples stuck out proudly through the fabric of her bra. Seth kissed her cleavage, sliding his tongue between her breasts. She moaned as she struggled with the clasp on her bra, freeing her breasts. He licked and sucked her nipples. She held his face into her chest, allowing him free reign on her body. She moaned, feeling his wet tongue on her skin.

Kim bit her lip to suppress another moan. She grabbed his shirt and raised it above his head. Her hand slid through his chest hairs as she took his tongue deep in her mouth. Her hands trailed down his stomach, unlatching the belt around his jeans and slipping them down around his ankles. She reached into his boxers, pulling his cock out. Now it was Seth's turn to moan as she stroked the length of his cock.

Seth stroked the front of her jeans, rubbing in between her legs. Kim pushed down his boxers, exposing his rock hard cock to her. She cupped his balls in her hand, squeezing tightly as he unfastened her jeans. She explored Seth's body as he lowered them to the floor. Kim stepped out of them. She felt the cool air of the room as it shifted over her body. Seth quickly lowered her panties down, exposing her body to him once again. He grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her to the bed, Kim went willingly. 

He laid her down on the bed and quickly covered her body with his. She reached in between them and guided him back inside her. He lunged into her, letting her feel the weight of his body down on hers. She instantly cried out, moaning in pleasure. He felt so hard inside her. Kim wrapped her legs around his waist, sinking him deeper into her. Seth moved faster, encouraged by her actions. He thrust into her body, pounding her like a jackhammer. Her erotic whimpers filled the room, adding to the sound of flesh on flesh.

They fucked like crazed animals, staring into each other's eyes as they moved together. Neither had ever experienced anything like this before. They moved like a well oiled machine, like that had known each other for years. Yet, in reality they were almost perfect strangers. They knew each other's first names, and that was really it. They were overcome with desire for each other.

Seth stared deep into her eyes, Kim stared back. He slipped all the way out of her, before re-entering her. She felt every inch as it penetrated her. Their tongues entertwined as their bodies moved together. Kim felt an explosion building. 

"I'm cumming!" she screamed. He kept pushing into her, feeling the release of wetness from in between her legs. Seth kept pumping his body into her, even after her orgasm faded. He was still hard in her. Kim's body went limp, spent from a night with Seth. She knew he wouldn't stop, not until he came again. "Give me a minute", she said. Seth thrust one more time before rolling off her.

"Is everything all right?" he asked looking into her eyes. Kim nodded as she smiled, her eyes dropping to in between his legs.

"Everything is just fine. I just need to catch my breath. That's all." she smiled again. They laid in silence, holding each other for a few minutes. It took a little while, but Kim's breathing returned to normal. She surprised Seth by slipping out from under his grasp and climbing on top of him. Seth smiled as he rolled on to his back. Kim impaled herself onto him, bouncing up and down. Seth's right hand went around her waist, adding extra balance to her. 

Kim started to massage her breast as she rode him. She squeezed her nipple and began to moan. Their eyes locked onto each others. Seth smiled as he watched her, half concentrating on her face all the while being distracted by her heavy breasts bouncing. Kim broke the stare off and looked down at her breasts. She pulled one up to her open mouth and licked it, smiling at him again. 

Seth moaned as he watched her. He began thrusting into her harder, raising his hips and driving it harder into her. Again, Kim could feel her orgasm approaching. She was amazed at his stamina. Kim knew one last trick she wasn't afraid to use in order to get him to cum.

"Fuck me. Fuck me with that big cock. It feels so good, baby. I'm going to cum. I want you to cum too. It felt so good to feel it inside me." she moaned. Kim watched the sweat bead down his forehead. "Don't hold back. Give it to me!" she said, cupping her breasts and squeezing hard. 

"You want it? You want my cum?" Seth replied as he watched her. All she could do is nod her head. She closed her eyes as her orgasm began. She tighened up around him, squeezing him inside her. "I'm cumming!" he moaned as his cock exploded inside her. 

"Give it to me!" she moaned as her orgasm faded. She opened her eyes and smiled at him. He pulled her down to his chest, kissing her deeply. 

Kim slid off his lap and turned her back to him. Seth rolled over onto his side and pulled the sheets up over them. He draped an arm over her hip and closed his eyes. Together they fell asleep.