 Seth saw her from across the club. She was standing in a crowd of her friends. She had long blonde curly hair. She wore a green tank top, showing a lot of her cleavage. It was hard to miss her. He watched her interact with her friends as she drank. He figured she was probably on her sixth or seventh drink. She was definitely getting tipsy. 

Even from across the room, he could see her blue eyes. She wasn't necessarily the conventional beautiful girl, but there was something about her that Seth couldn't help looking at. He even caught her looking in his direction a few times. Each time she did, he smiled at her. She smiled back two or three times. 

The karaoke DJ turned on his microphone, holding a piece of paper in front of him. He spoke out. "Okay, next up to sing are Lauren, Stacy, Kim, and Diana." Seth scanned across the audience and didn't see the girl in the green tank top anymore. His eyes moved through the room, and he didn't see her. Until the music started. He looked on stage and there she was with her friends. They were singing some crappy Britney Spears song. He kept smiling at her.

Her friends were cute too. But Seth kept watching her. He could she was having a good time on stage. He also could tell that she was really drunk. Seth had a good laugh about it as he watched from his corner seat. 

Finally the song ended and they went back to their seats. By now, a group had walked in and was blocking Seth's view. Oh well, he thought to himself, there are plenty of other fine looking women around here. But instead he kept looking for her. 

A few minutes later, he saw her walking around. His eyes followed her as she moved around the room. He noticed her walking back towards him. He felt his heart leap into his throat as she came closer. He thought "it's now or never"

She walked past him and smiled. "Hello," he said.

"Hi."

"I saw you on stage earlier. You were pretty good."

"Not really. We were just fooling around."

"My name is Seth."

"I'm Kim." she replied.

"Nice to meet you, Kim." 

The small talk continued for a while. She seemed to be in no rush to head back to her friends. A large group walked past them and one of them bumped into Kim. She lost her balance and fell forward. Seth leaned forward and grabbed her, helping her keep her balance. He couldn't help but look in her shirt as she tried to regain her balance but instead fell forward, landing on his lap.

"I'm sorry....", she started to say.

"Nothing to be sorry about. You don't have to get up if you don't want to," he smiled with a cute wink.

"Are you sure? You are pretty comfortable." she smiled back.

"Go right ahead." Kim straddled completely onto his lap with a big smile. They continued to talk about music and friends and family for another twenty minutes. Kim felt the hardening of his cock under her.

"Am I hurting you?" she said shyly. Her eyes glanced down at his crotch under her.

"Not at all. Just between you and me? I kind of like having you on my lap." he joked.

"Well it's good to be here." she responded.

Seth felt her shift her weight as she sat on his lap. They looked into each other's eyes. Kim put her hand on his chest and leaned in, he pulled her close against his chest and kissed her. She responded eagerly with her tongue. The kiss got longer and deeper. Seth slipped his arm to her leg, stroking her thigh. Kim moaned as his hand made contact with her bare skin. Her hips rose slowly up and back down on him. She could feel his hard on pressing against her shorts. She started breathing a little heavy as they start to dry hump each other in the middle of the club. Kim felt her nipples hardening against the fabric of her tank top. 

Both lost track of time, of space. Neither was sure of how long they had been making out. They had both heard several songs sung behind them, but had lost count of the number and who sang them. But neither stopped. They continued to kiss deeply, feeling each other's body responding. Seth pulled away. 

"Come home with me?" he whispered, knowing what a chance he was taking. But he had to try. Kim had made him so horny that he needed her. Judging by her nipples poking her t-shirt, he was having the same effect on her. She kissed him again, urgently slipping her tongue into his mouth. A voice in the back of her head told her to say no, but her desire won out.

"Let's go." she said. Kim hopped off his lap and extended an arm to him. He stood up on his own and took her by the arm. She glanced over at her friends who were still huddled in the corner. She followed Seth through the crowds to the exit door. 

A light rain was falling as they made their way from the front door to his car in the parking lot. They got half way through the lot when Kim stopped him.

"What is it?", he asked.

"I forgot my purse inside. I need to go back and get it." she said as she stopped and turned around. She pulled Seth back towards the club. She held his hand tight as they went back inside. 

Seth watched her as they fought through the crowds. The rain had soaked her hair and t-shirt, pronouncing her breasts even more through her tank top. He felt so hard staring at her. Kim and Seth retreated to where her friends were before. She found her purse on the ground but her friends no where in sight. She quickly grabbed it and turned back to the door. 

Just as they were getting to the door again, Seth stopped them this time. "I'll be right back." he said releasing her hand.

"Where are you going?"

"I'll be right back.", Seth repeated. He disappeared down the dark hallway. Kim stood there in the lobby for what seemed like hours. But actually it was only three minutes. She thought maybe she had done something to disappoint him. She thought she would never see him again. Kim heard footsteps behind her. 

She felt some body grab her hand. At first she was startled until she realized the contour of his hand. "Where are we going?" she asked as he led her down the darkened hallway. She stumbled slowly, still feeling the results of her drinking earlier in the night. Some time had passed and her buzz was dying down. For the first time in a few hours, Kim could think straight. At least as far as the beers were concerned. She still felt dizzy when it came to him. 

Kim had no idea where he was taking her. The faint lights above lighted their way. She thought about questioning where she was going but didn't say a word. Finally he stopped and opened a door. Kim stepped inside....

It was the men's rest room! Kim turned to him to say something in protest but he covered her mouth with his, kissing her deeply. She accepted his kisses, holding him close to her body.

"Besides I'm in no condition to drive and neither are you," he said. His voice was still slightly slurred. "I need you so bad," he whispered. Kim looked around and saw it was an empty room. She turned and saw there was a lock on the front door to the men's room. She walked over to the door and locked it. As she walked she could feel the moisture in between her legs grow. The sound of the lock echoed through the room. Kim turned to him and gestured for him to come to her.

Seth stepped forward and pulled her into his arms. Their lips found each other's and started deep long kisses. He backed Kim up against the wall, holding her there as he moved his hips into her. He started kissing her neck and ears and listened to her moan. Kim closed her eyes and focused on his hot breath on her skin.

Her hands played in his hair, driving his lips on her neck. She felt his hands creep from her stomach to your breasts, squeezing through the material of her tank top. He took a step back and his eyes fell to her cleavage. Quickly she grabbed the bottom of her shirt and raised it up. He reached around her, pulling her in for another kiss as he struggled with the clasp on the back of her bra. Finally he heard the snap. He pulled the bra off and watched as her big breasts fell free. He bent down to capture one between his lips. She sighed happily as he nursed on her breasts. Her nipples stood erect. Her chest raised and lowered as she breathed heavily.

She licked her lips and he knew exactly what she wanted. She helped him out of his shirt, feeling his chest and stomach. She grabbed his cock through his pants, rubbing his hardness as quick as she could. He moaned as she toyed with him. Seth looked around the room, trying to occupy himself so he didn't cum in his pants. There he saw the mirror in front of the sink. 

Seth guided her towards the mirror and away from the door. He turned her around. Kim reached for the sink and grasped it. She felt her shorts being dropped as he rubbed his cock against her backside. She bit her tongue, wanting to feel nothing separating them anymore. Kim stepped out of her shorts. Wasting no time, he dropped her panties down her legs. She felt so naughty, butt naked in the men's room and about to be fucked. 

Seth unzipped his shorts and kicked them down his legs, pulling his boxers down with them. He could hear her moaning in anticipation. He watched as she took deep breaths, her back rising and falling. She turned out and gave him a naughty pout. He knew what he needed to do.

With one hand on her hips, and the other on his rock hard cock and drove it in between Kim's legs. She leaned back still holding the sink for balance. Finally he was inside her. They both looked forwarded, seeing the image of reflecting in the mirror. Kim's tits bounced forward as their bodies thrusted. 

She could feel the sweat all over their bodies as she stared at the hypnotic image in the mirror. She watched as his body shoved forward into hers. The room echoed with the sounds of flesh on flesh, slapping together. There was nothing soft about them coming together. Seth moved his mouth, licking her neck and ears as he kept pumping into her.

Seth watched as Kim gazed at them in the mirror.

"You like watching yourself getting fucked, don't you?" he whispered in her ear.

"Uh Huh." Kim replied.

"You look so sexy when you're getting fucked, do you know that? Look at that beautiful body," he said. As he did, his hand slipped from around her waist to squeeze her bouncing right breast. He listened as she groaned the feeling of his hand on her breast sent shockwaves through her body. 

"Fuck me," she mouthed. 

"Yeah, baby," His thrusts became longer and deeper, sliding all the way inside her before pulling out. He began to bite down on her neck. Kim reached back and grabbed his head and pulled it against her skin, her eyes never leaving the mirror. She held onto the sink tighter, feeling her knees get weak.

Her pussy leaked all over his crotch as they moved in unison. Finally, she came and she came hard. Kim's eyes rolled in the back of her head as she screamed out in pleasure. 

Seth pulled out from her as he felt his cock coated by her wetness. She turned around and was about to say something. But Seth picked her up by the under the arms and put it on the sink. She reached for him, pulling him into her with a wet sloppy kiss. His cock slipped back into her. 

Kim fell back against the mirror which just minutes ago displayed the most erotic scene of her life. She dug her heels into his back, guiding him into her. They kissed deeply, their tongues rolling deep into each other's mouths. Seth felt her hard nipples slapping against his chest. Kim's nails dug into his back as she kissed him, pulling his body into hers.

"It feels so good inside you," Kim's hands dropped to his ass, forcing him deeper inside her. Seth started moaning as he plunged deep into Kim.

"Such a hard cock inside me. Fuck me with it," Seth began ramming faster, the sweat covering his body. Kim tilted her head back, giving him access to her neck and ears. He kissed licked nibbled sucked all that he could. 

He knew he wouldn't last much longer. Seth was on the verge of erupting. He fucked her faster, grabbing her ass as he pushed into her. He bent forward and captured one of her breasts in his mouth, sucking the nipple hard. He slowed his pace as he licked her tit.

Just when it felt like he could take no more of her body, he erupted deep inside her womb. Kim shivered as she felt the hot blast inside her. She moaned as she received every drop into her pussy.

He held her there, still pressing his sweaty body against hers, feeling himself soften inside her. He eased out of her and smiled. She smiled back and jumped down off the sink. Her knees wobbled as she stood. 

They looked at each other, not knowing exactly what to say. They wound up in a hot embrace again, holding each other as they struggled to regain their breath. Kim moaned as she held his body against hers.

"You were incredible," Seth whispered into her ear. It sent shivers down her spine. She smiled and kissed him softly. They remained holding onto each other for another moment before gathering their clothes and dressing. "Would you like to come home with me?" Seth asked as they made their way to the parking lot. She reached down and grabbed his hand.

"I thought you'd never ask." she responded. Seth steered her in the direction of his car.

To Be Continued...