 You'll enjoy this more if you read chapters 1 through 11 of "Kim and Me" first. 

Note: While this continues my weekend with Kim the amazing, Kim the wonderful, Kim the magnificent, we spent some time sharing recollections of our past. There is a long recounting of some hot gay male teen activity in this chapter. If this isn't your cup of tea, please skip this chapter and go on to the next. (And if it is to your liking, votes of 5 are always welcome. :) 

Sunday morning was happiness accompanied by bird songs. I slowly came awake with Kim wrapped around me. She was smiling in her sleep. I could just barely see the clock out of the corner of my eye: 8:27. Boy, we had crashed hard! I smiled to myself and shifted very slightly. My pecs were happy once again, but, sure enough, my deltoids were giving me some grief. Oh, well. 

I lay there for a few minutes with Kim happily asleep on me and felt a lot of things: happiness, love, lust, warmth, and, ultimately, a growing sense of hydraulic pressure. I stroked Kim's hair and back and she slowly woke up. Kim stretched and yawned and snuggled in to my chest again. I heard a very small "Good morning." 

I kissed the top of her head. "Good morning, petal. How are you feeling?" 

"Pretty good. I'm very happy." Pause. "And I'm a bit sore, you know?" 

"Where?" 

"Guess, silly!" 

"This doesn't surprise me given how much abuse parts of us have taken in the last 24 hours," I said. "If you like, I can kiss the sore parts and make them better." 

Kim giggled softly. "That's how they got sore in the first place. But I'm not complaining."

"I need to get up and hit the bathroom," I said. "Unless you'd like first stab at it." 

"That's very gallant of you. And I think I would, if you truly don't mind." 

"No problem," I said. I kissed Kim's shoulder and then sniffed it. "You and I still smell just the tiniest bit like chlorine from last night." 

Kim stuck her nose in my chest and sniffed. "We do. That's funny." She started to unwind herself from me and paused to stretch again, followed by a ferocious yawn. Kim fell back on the bed and said "I don't want to move. Go use the bathroom first. I may never move again." She flung her arms out and a loud snore erupted from her side of the bed. 

"Very well," I said. "I could make your new horizontal life more attractive. I can make coffee and even bring you breakfast in bed if you like." 

Kim's eyes opened at this offer, though she didn't move. "Coffee is a must wherever we have it. What are you offering for breakfast?" 

"I am thinking we have a very wide range of possibilities to consider. I can make waffles or buttermilk pancakes, eggs in a variety of shapes and sizes, things with cheese, things with fruit, cold cereal, hot cereal, steel cut oats, toast, sausages, ham, and bacon. I also have kippers, if you like and I can also make lattes if you prefer. Or we could get dressed and go out somewhere."

Kim sat up and looked at me. "I don't see why; you've got everything anyone could want for breakfast right here already. Do you really have kippers?" 

"Yes, but that's not a normal menu item," I replied. "But they were on sale at the grocery store Wednesday and I do like a big breakfast on Sundays. I take my breakfasts seriously." 

"I guess so!" Kim said. 

"While you're thinking about exactly how I'm going to pamper you this morning, I'm going to hit the bathroom quickly." 

A couple minutes later, I returned to the bedroom and came over to Kim's side of the bed. She hadn't moved. 

"You look lovely," I said. I stroked her breasts and stomach. 

"Thank you," she replied. 

"What's your pleasure for breakfast?" 

"Coffee rather than latte..."

"'Kay."

"Eggs basted..." 

"Like those myself. Done."

"Toast..."

"Sourdough?"

"Yes."

"Good. Fruit? Breakfast meat?" 

"What kind of fruit?" 

"Honeydew, sliced apples, or blueberries." 

"Oooh, how about a big piece of honeydew, please?" 

"Sure. No breakfast meat?" 

"I think not. We had a lot of meat yesterday." 

"No problem. Anything else?" 

"I love you." 

"That's the best seasoning for breakfast there is, Kim." I bent down and kissed her. 

"You brushed your teeth," Kim observed. 

"It was a humanitarian act. You're fine, don't worry." 

"Okay." 

"Do you want breakfast in bed or out there?" 

"Ummmm... I think out there would be best. We're going to have lots of food and things and I don't want to spill." 

"Okay, Kim. Breakfast will be in maybe 15 minutes. If you want to lie here until then, I will come get you." 

"Would you carry me to breakfast?" 

"Do you feel very strongly about this?" 

"No, but it would be fun." 

"Then we'll do it." 

I slipped on one of the cotton kimonos and went to the kitchen. Coffee was first on the list. I made a press pot of coffee and poured two large mugs. I walked back to the bedroom. Kim still hadn't moved and was in fact asleep again. I set my cup down and held her cup about a foot from her nose and fanned the air rapidly. Sure enough, I saw her nose twitch and she stirred. A moment later, she stretched a little and said "Coffee for meeeee?" 

"Yup, honey. It's right here on the nightstand." 

"Thank you." 

I picked up my cup and went back out to the kitchen. Preparing breakfast was fairly straightforward now that coffee was made. Fifteen minutes later, melon quarters were sitting on plates on the table next to a glass of OJ, buttery sourdough toast and basted eggs, and the coffee pot. 

I walked into the bedroom. Sure enough, Kim had fallen back asleep. I picked up her coffee cup from the nightstand and carried it out to the table, then walked back. Kim had stirred very slightly, but hadn't woken up. I bent down slightly on her side of the bed and put my arms underneath her. She woke up at that and said "Are you really going to carry me?" 

"If you'd like me to," I said. 

"I think that'd be very romantic. Yes, please." Kim put her arms my neck and held on. I bent at the knees and carefully picked her up. One of the very few disadvantages of liking large women is that they're harder to carry, but it's yet another great reason for me to keep working out. 

I maneuvered Kim out the door and down the hall. She was clearly enjoying this and kept her nose pressed against my neck and made little cooing noises every so often. We got to the table and I scooted her chair out with my foot. I leaned over slightly to set her down in the chair and realized that this wasn't going to work. I pulled her back up into my arms and said "Sweetie?"

"Yesss?"

"I'm not going to be able to set you into your chair. I'll have to set you down and let you sit down on your own," I said. 

"Will you hold me for a moment more? I like being held by you."

"Of course, princess." Kim tucked her head into my neck again and gave a deep sigh of contentment. I nuzzled back at her as best I could and squeezed her with my arms. A minute or so later, she said "Okay, set me down." I tilted her so that her feet were pointed at the ground and let her slip gently to the floor. Kim turned around and snuggled into me. She kissed me and said "Good morning, cutie."

"Hey, that's my line!" I said. "But I'm willing to share." I waved at the table. "May I show you to a seat? Breakfast is served for your dining pleasure."

Kim sat down. I refilled her cup with hot coffee and added a dollop of cream. Kim surveyed breakfast and smiled. She poked her eggs and dipped toast in the yolks and crunched happily. "You know, these eggs are wonderful! Where do you get them?" 

"Friends of mine have a farm about 30 miles away and I get eggs from them periodically. The yolks are always bright orange and incredibly rich. You got lucky; I only have them about once a month." 

"They're fantastic!" Kim crunched more toast. 

"They make for pretty good cakes and quiches, too," I said. 

"Oh, I bet they do! You could have a basic Quiche lorraine with these and the eggs would still dominate everything." 

"Yup, I think so. I loved a yellow cake I made with them for similar reasons: the richness sort of rose off the cake plate," I said. 

"You cook, you write, you know how to do laundry, and you can make a bed. You also eat pussy like a champ."

"Thank you," I said. 

"Is there anything you don't do?" 

"Uhhhhhhh... nothing offhand comes to mind. I think you've got a wide field of play here."

"Mmmmmm!" Kim said. "I'll have to think about things we haven't done yet. Pass the jam, please."

I passed her the jam and we settled down to happy munching of an admittedly wonderful breakfast. The melon was pretty good for this early in the season, too. I put the dishes in the dishwasher and with refilled coffee cups, we sat down in the living room on the couch together. Kim put her foot on my lap and tried unsuccessfully to tickle me with her toes. I petted her foot and ankle. 

"What would you like to do today?" I said.

"It's early and we might go boating, but I'm betting that my friend's going to be using the boat today, too. It's just too nice a day for him not to," Kim said. 

"Okay, we'll scratch boating from the list." 

"You know, after everything we did yesterday at the gym and afterwards, I'm actually kinda tired." Kim reached up and scratched her ribs. "And we do have those movies we rented. And I have an idea or two of my own I'd like to try out. I'm for staying around the house and snuggling and occasionally doing filthy things." 

"Snuggling's find and I'm definitely interested in doing filthy things with you. And you've piqued my curiosity with your comment about ideas."

"All in good time, my pretty!" Kim said in her best Wicked Witch of the West voice. 

"You seem to be in charge of the entertainment for the day," I said. "What would you like to do first?" 

"I think that I should check my email and see what's happening in the rest of my life," Kim said. "And you may want to see if there's anything more from your agent." 

"Good point," I said. "Very well, let us repair to the office and see what's up on the net."

We went downstairs. Kim dug around in her email and responded to a couple of personal emails but there wasn't anything of great import. My email had stacked up heavily in the last couple days, but other than noting an acknowledgement by my agent that we'd be talking soon about the next project, there wasn't anything that couldn't wait. 

"Do you want to see who's online?" I said.

"Okay," Kim replied. 

We logged into Phil and Betty's reflector. It was pretty early for reflector activity on a Sunday and there wasn't anyone there when we got there. Kim commented on this and I said "Most webcammers tend to be night people for one reason or another. If nothing else, they sure do enjoy sleeping in on a Sunday morning and getting a very casual start on the day." 

Kim snuggled up to me and said "Well, I can think of several reasons to stay in bed on Sunday morning." 

"You're so cute!"

No-one was on Phil and Betty's reflector. I tried several others I'd frequent. There was an occasional smattering of people, but nothing was happening yet and there wasn't anyone I was particularly close to. A quick check on mIRC showed that most of the associated chat channels weren't very active, either. 

"I think it's just too early, hon," I said. "There's always something on the gay channels no matter when, but only because men are complete horndogs. There are lesbian reflectors, too, but I'm not allowed in them for the obvious reason. You could, though, if you'd like; I'm sure we could get you into one of them if you're interested."

"Not really," Kim said. "I had fun the other day with Lynn and Honeybare, but only because I'd already gotten to know them slightly. And I liked the idea that we were all sharing information about what made men hot. And they really liked it when I sucked on you, too. That made it all the hotter: I got to do filthy things with you in front of an appreciative audience. It'd be nice to be admired by a bunch of lesbians, but they probably wouldn't care what I did to you." 

"I understand. Once in a while, I'll log on to a gay reflector and jerk off with a few of the guys. It gets me hot, but I have to be in the right mood," I said.

"Wait a minute!" Kim said. "You have gay fantasies?" 

"Well, sure," I said. "I think a lot of guys do. It's not a steady thing, but I occasionally get hot watching another guy getting off. Think about it: most guys don't watch just lesbian porn; they like seeing men and women fucking. And while they may be getting off on watching the woman and identifying with the man, they're watching when the guy cums. They just don't think of it as watching a guy cumming. You know how much I like seeing women get hot, but I like the thrill of watching of a guy shooting cum everywhere. Even me: have you ever masturbated in front of a mirror and watched yourself?" 

"Oh, yes!" Kim said. "Sometimes I'll be in a really horny mood and I'll have just gotten out of the shower and I'll have my hair up in a towel and I started squeezing my nipples and before I know it, I've got my fingers deep inside me and I'm cumming hard while I stand in front of the bathroom mirror." She paused to squeeze my arm and said "The last time I did that was a few weeks ago and I was thinking about you fucking me from behind." She blushed a little. 

"Oh, wow, that's exciting!" I said. "Look, no-one's likely to be online for a few hours at least and that story warmed me up a bit. What say we go upstairs and we can try watching the movies and tell each other what we like about what's happening on the screen. Or we can share past experiences and see how turned on we get." 

"I'd love to try telling each other stories," Kim said. "I've got some questions to ask you about a few things and I can think of a story or two from my past that I know you're going to enjoy." 

"Cooooooooool," I said. I shut down the CuSeeMe and mIRC software and we walked back upstairs. "Let's curl up on the couch together with a pot of tea and the movies and see where we go." 

Experience showed me that we'd want a towel or two. I grabbed two towels from the linen closet, thought a second, and added a third for me. This left me with one clean towel in the cupboard, so I said "Just a moment, cutie, I'm going to start a load of laundry." 

"Okay, I think I'd like to hit the bathroom change out of this nightie and into one of those kimonos," Kim said. I ran downstairs to the laundry room. I pulled the eight or nine towels that had stacked up at the bottom of the laundry chute and threw them into the washing machine on hot. I went back upstairs and laid out two towels on Kim's side of the couch and the third on mine. There might be stray drops of whatever, but we'd have most of the couch covered. 

Kim was still in the bathroom. I made a pot of an aromatic blood orange tea and put it on the coffee table with cream, sugar, and large mugs. I looked at the movies we'd gotten and decided to put in "Candystripers" first. I loaded the movie. I looked around: everything else seemed like it was ready. 

I heard water running in the bathroom, then Kim called "John, how'd you like to put on the tattoo?" 

"Yes, please! That sounds like fun!" I headed into the bathroom. Kim was nude and had the blue-and-gold koi tattoo out. One of the basins was half-full of water and a hand towel and washcloth were next to it. 

"This is definitely something that's big enough to go on a thigh," Kim said. "How about the right one?" 

"Sure thing!" 

"Okay, I want to do this. You just stand there." Kim dipped the washcloth in the water and washed off my thigh. While she was it, she reached up with washcloth and washed my cock and balls. Kim even gave my cock a few strokes with the washcloth. She smiled at me. 

"Now that everything's ready, we put on the tattoo." Kim dipped the tattoo in the water for a second, then laid it tattoo-side down on my thigh. She patted it into place gently, then dipped the washcloth a second time and laid it on the tattoo. "You need to keep them really wet while they're transferring so they stick well." We stood like that for the better part of a minute, then Kim said "Should be done." 

She lifted the washcloth and then carefully peeled away the stiff backing paper. The koi tattoo had transferred beautifully to my thigh and I now had a blue-and-gold koi swimming up my right quadriceps. 

"Very pretty!" I said. 

"That came out really nicely," Kim agreed. "Okay, let me finish the job." She patted the tattoo all over with the wet washcloth to make sure it was sufficiently moist, then patted it dry with the hand towel. "All done! The package says that it'll last for several days as long as you don't scrub it or get oil on it." 

I flexed my leg and admired myself in the bathroom mirror. "Mighty cool!" I kissed her and looked at both of us in the bathroom mirror. "We make an attractive couple, Kim." 

"We do indeed!" She kissed me again. 

"I've got a movie loaded in the machine and a pot of tea for us." 

"I was thinking of heating this up a bit," Kim said. 

"I've got to ask: we're going to be on the couch in very little clothing, telling each other hot fantasies, and touching each other while covered in tattoos and watching filthy movies, and that isn't spicy enough? I'm curious where you were thinking of taking this further," I said.

"Well, I was thinking that you might show maybe show me how the Fleshlight works at some point." 

"Oh!" I said. "Yup, I suppose that could be a little spicier, yes. And I'd be glad to show it to you. Well, let me get it ready while you get changed." 

I got the Fleshlight from the bedroom and took it into the bathroom. Kim had just finished cleaning up the remains of the tattooing job and went into the bedroom to change. I opened the Fleshlight up, ran scalding water through it, then washed it off with a sterilizing sex-toy scrub I'd picked up on the recommendation of a webcamming friend. I then rinsed it off with more scalding water, shook it out, and took it, a hand towel, and the bottle of Astroglide out to the coffee table. 

Kim came out of the bedroom wearing the red body veil she'd showed me on Friday afternoon. She'd left the little red lace panty off, which worked out nicely. She was carrying one of the Prelude 3 vibrators, the big cock dildo I'd given her the night before, and the bottle of Kama Sutra oil. Kim also had yet another hand towel. 

"You look like you're settling in for an extended stay," I said. 

"And who says I'm not?" Kim replied. She set the hand towel on her side of the coffee table and said "I think we're running out of room for the toys, you know." The Kama Sutra oil and dildo were laid on the towel and Kim said "Where's an outlet?" 

"Right there's the closest one," I said, pointing to the outlet the lamp was plugged into. Kim plugged in the Prelude 3, switched it on and off for a second to make sure that it worked, then set it down on the table with the other toys. 

"Right, then!" Kim said brightly. "Would you please pour me a cup of tea?" 

"Certainly, my love." 

"I get all shivery when you call me names like that," Kim said. "It makes me very happy."

"We'll do more of that, then," I said. I handed her a mug of tea, doctored with milk and sugar. Kim sipped it and said "This one's nice!" 

"I got this one at the Seattle Teacup last month. It's perfect for weekend mornings when you're not going anywhere." 

"Do they sell a tea specifically labeled 'Excellent for serving while getting hot and bothered'?" She sipped again.

"No, not as such, but the owner's a friend of mine and I can ask her. She might even suggest an 'apres-sex' tea. Or how about this: 'Pussymint,' a refreshing mint tea that goes with cunnilingus?" Kim laughed and then looked suddenly thoughtful. 
