 In this economy there are still companies doing well enough to send their employees on the road to make presentations…and put them up in very nice hotels.

Kim had returned to her room after a day of meetings, presentations and polite small talk trying to sell her companies proposal to the clients. It had been a long tiring day and all she wanted to was relax in the hot tub with some dinner and a glass of wine. She called room service and order a bottle of white wine and a lobster and an order of steamers. While she waited for the food to arrive, Kim used that time to change. 

She wore her thick blond hair long but for business kept it pinned into a very conservative chignon. Her plain blue business suit was exchanged for a tiny bikini which did nothing to conceal her high full breasts or gently rounded behind.

Once changed Kim walked over to the hot tub, just to check the temperature but as she swished her hand in the water she decided to get it while she waited for dinner. Gracefully she lowered her long lean body into the water. She sat down and leaned back against tub and let her body relax in the warm water. With her eyes closed and mind wandering, her hands did also. Cupping her full, yet firm breasts. Tweaking a nipple. Her other hand had found her pussy, wet from her thoughts as well as the caressed by the warm water when the door bell rang. Roused from her thoughts she got out of the tub, and grabbing a towel on her way, opened the door to a tall, gorgeous, blond, blue eyed hunk of a man.

She stood there just staring until he spoke to wake her from her reverie. “I’ve brought your dinner ma’am”. 

“Hmm? Oh yes, please bring it in and put it on the table near the hot tub.” Kim said. She watched his firm behind as he walked in and but the tray down where she had indicated.

“Let me get my bag.. so I can tip you”. Taking a look toward him to be sure that he could see her she bent over to give him a very nice view of her ass, barely covered by the thong bikini bottom. She took a bill from her wallet and walked back to where he was still standing. She walked up close to him, looked up into impossibly blue eyes and tucked the bill into his pants pocket, being sure to stand close enough to brush her breasts against him. He looked down at her and she felt his hands gentle caress her behind.

“Won’t you stay and help me with this lobster?” Kim asked.

“I am on break right now so I think I can help you out.” His hand continued it’s caress, moving between her cheeks while the other one wandered around to the front to tease around the edge of the bikini bottom, sneaking a finger under to caress her pussy. He bent down to kiss her neck, a moan escaped her lips.

His kisses continued across her jaw until he reached her mouth. He kissed her deeply but gently. Seeking her mouth with his tongue. Kim moaned and eagerly kissed him back. She reached around to cup his ass and crush herself against him. “Why don’t we relax in the tub?”.

Silently she broke away from him and led him by the hand to the back of the suite where the tub was. She could see the bulge in his pants growing as they got closer.

“I think you are over dressed for the tub”. Kim said as she unbuttoned his shirt and removed it. She next unzipped his pants and slid them down and removed them with his shoes. Socks came off next, leaving him in red boxer briefs which beautifully showed his attributes. Kim just stood there for a moment admiring the image before her. Her mind wandered as she caressed the hard length of his tool through his shorts. A groan escaped his lips. Kim hooked her fingers in his shorts and pulled them down and off.

What a beautiful man!...she thought.

She gave her a hand into the tub and they settled into the water, relaxing in the warmth of the water. Kim moved over, sat on his lap facing him and kissed him deeply. His hands where already moving to untie her top and release her breasts to rest against his chest. His hand caressed her back and moved back down to her bum, untying the sides of her suit bottom and pulling that free. This left her pussy exposed to his touch from behind. His fingers cupping her bottom and reached between her cheeks to tease and fondle her light blond fuzz down there. One finger reaching and searching, leaving Kim moaning with pleasure. For a time they just relaxed against each other kissing and fondling, until it was just too much …the lobster still untouched, they climbed out of the tub, he grabbed a towel to dry her off. Starting at her feet and gently rubbing up her legs, her behind, around to the front to her breasts and her arms and throat.

They were standing on a thick rug in front of the (gas) fireplace. A small fire was lit for the effect and he handed her down to the rug. Reclining next to her his hand once again reached for her pussy, now burning with need. Her hips arched up to his hand, as he massaged her, sliding between her lips to feel the wetness. He leaned over to gently suck and nibble a nipple, while still stirring her pussy. He pulled away and moved down between her legs, softly pushing them apart to get a look at her soft pussy, admiring at the same time her firm legs and flat stomach.

He moved to kiss her ankle and then her calf and up to her inner thigh…moans escaped her at the feel of his lips. Finally after what seemed an eternity Kim felt his lips on her pussy, kissing …kissing. She could feel his fingers on her pussy lips, looking into the depths and then his wet tongue sliding along the outside edges. His fingers paved the way for his tongue to lick and slurp her wet pussy, at once putting out the fire and at the same time feeding it’s hunger for more!

He moved up away from her now aching pussy to kiss her belly button and back up to her breasts, kissing each one while fondling the other on his way to again kiss her mouth deeply. Kim reached down to feel his large, hard manhood so close to her pussy, she needed him now!! He groaned at her touch, but lowered himself to her entrance and with her help gave a subtle movement that left the head of his shaft nestled in her hot box. Kim reached around to grab his bum and pull him into her. Mmmmm…. Was all she could think as he slid into her. Pushing to fill her totally. Pushing in, and then out almost all the way and then with a shock to Kim slamming back into her, over and over…leaving her screaming with glee.

She could hear his balls smacking her behind and the wet squishing sound of him gliding…no sliding on her slippery wetness in and out of her until his pace quicken and his breathing became harsh and he exploded inside her. His hot sticky cum spurting into her dark wet hole. Just as his cum shot out she could feel her own climax beginning at her feet, leaving her entire body quivering and trembling.

Spent, he collapsed onto her, his beautiful body covered with a sheen of sweat, eyes closed, breathing very slowly returning to normal. Her hands caressed his back and bum. The feeling of total relaxation sweeping over her. This is the kind of relaxation I need on every business trip Kim mused, I will have to stay at this hotel the next time I am in town…the room service her alone is worth it.