 A few years back I met a lady Software Engineer in a conference at Bombay. She was in her early thirties. She was tall, charming, intelligent with two seductive eyes and a voluptuous body that could inflame passion in any male. On the first day of the conference I read a paper on software implementation engineering that had attracted her attention. She was working on a similar project. She met me at lunch and expressed her interest in discussing more on this subject. While talking I understood, she was staying in the same hotel where I checked in. We decided, we would discuss it in the hotel at dinner.

In the evening we met in the hotel lounge and went for a dinner in a near by restaurant. She was wearing a very colorful skirt hanging from the extreme lower end of her beautiful slim waist. But her top was revealing. A skimpy blouse wrapped her attractive breast, most of it was exposed provocatively. I was startled to see her in such teasing outfit. I would have slapped my wife, had she ever dared to come out in public in such sensuous dress. But my wife didn't possess a sexy body like her. Maybe, the lady was more inclined to exhibit her beauty than arousing passion in others. On that count how could I blame her? 

Anyway, over a few drinks (I took two large whisky, she took two Gins), came to know, her name was Shaili, had come from Bangalore and was working there with a renowned Software company. She smoked continuously while drinking. Though I was a non smoker, I always loved to see a lady smoking. It somehow whipped my passion. No exception on that day, as her smoking ignited my passion, fuelled by her sensuous dress. I got my cock hardened. We took our dinner. We discussed many things on our projects. She told, she would present a paper on third day of the conference. She wished, I reviewed it before she presented the paper. We fixed up next evening. But on the back of mind my passion was on the rampage. My eyes were roaming on her bare boobs now and then. It was electrifying. I felt, my cock was throbbing inside and my underwear was wet by some pre-cum oozing out from the tip of my excited dick. 

Soon we finished dinner, I rushed to my room, went straight to the toilet, unzipped my trousers, dragged out my steamy penis from underwear and started masturbating wildly in the basin dreaming her fucking. In no time I jerked off a huge hot cum all over the basin.

Next day she was all along with me in the conference. Her occasional compliments on my work were not unexpected, but her casual compliments on my look surprised me. But that gave me opportunity to applaud her beauty. Each time I applauded, she blushed and looked at me passionately.

Our hotel was not far off from the conference center. So after the conference was over in the afternoon, we decided to walk down to our hotel enjoying the beauty of Arabian Sea. While walking we mostly talked on our professional subject. When we reached hotel lobby, she asked, "Would you mind coming to my room in the evening? I'll show you my paper. Get your suggestions."

The proposal was unexpected. It was like a thunder from blue sky. I stopped breathing for a while. A kinky question raced through my mind. Why did she invite me to her room for showing her papers? She could show them in the hotel lounge. Or in the restaurant. Had she got any other idea? I could feel a storm building inside me.

"Sorry. I think, I've embarrassed you," she stuttered finding me groping for reply. 

I blushed and broke my silence grasping, "Oh, no. Not at all, madam. I'll drop in to your room. Tell me, when?" 

"Around seven," she replied quickly. A sense of relief bubbled in her voice.

I went to my room with a flock of butterflies in my stomach. A silent excitement was eating me in and out. I ordered two bottles of beer and almost gulped the bottles to silence the butterflies. Felt tipsy, went to a deep sleep in no time. Got up when the intercom buzzed. I knew, she was calling. Confirmed my coming in a few minutes.

I went up to her room in third floor. She opened the door and guided me to inside with an enticing smile. But I was surprised to see her nicely dressed. She was wearing a pair of blue jeans with a crisp light pink full sleeve shirt with button-up. I never imagined, how a lady could be so well dressed in the confines of her hotel room when just yesterday she went out in public in an absolutely teasing outfit. I was totally disappointed. Honestly her invitation to her room aroused my passion. I expected her in some seductive and revealing outfit. 

Hugely disheartened I entered the room. A very exotic fragrance hit my nose. When she came nearer to me after closing the door, the fragrance intensified. I realized, it was coming out of her body, a fragrance of a very expensive perfume she used in her body. It was very sexy. I was drowned in a bay of excitement.

"Your perfume is exotic" I spoke to overcome my excitement, "Must be an expensive French perfume!"

"Yes, I bought it from Paris" she broke silence, "But sadly, my hubby can't stand it. So I use it very rarely."

"But I like it," I assured her.

"Thank God" she gasped, "You relieved me from my dilemma. Just a few minutes back I was totally in two mind."

"Whether you should use it or not. Whether your guest will like it or not" I teased her grinning, "Now, madam has no tension, isn't it? ".

"Don't be naughty" she winked with a mysterious smile in her lips, "Tell me, what do you like to have, whisky or anything else?".

"Prefer beer" I replied quickly knowing well of the bad effect of a cocktail.

"That's fine" she cried, "I've a few bottles of beer in the fridge. Need not to call the bar. Beer will be fine for me also. By the way, why are you standing? Sit wherever you like."

I moved to the other side of the room where a small sofa was placed. Sat on it. She opened the fridge and took out a bottle of beer. Very elegantly placed the bottle in the small center table in front of the sofa. Brought two glasses from the top of the fridge, opened the bottle and filled the glasses carefully. 

"Here is your beer" she gave one glass to me and raised the other, "Cheers!"

"Cheers!" I sipped a bit from the glass. 

"Let me now show you my paper," she said casually. She put the glass back on the center table and moved towards the writing table. Picked up a file and came back. 

"Here is my paper," she pulled out a three-page report from the file and handed over to me. She picked her beer glass again and sat very close to me on the sofa. 

I rapidly went through her paper and said, "Excellent, madam. It is wonderful."

"Are you sure?" she turned her face and looked at me straight, "I need your critical assessment."

"Well" I quipped, "Then let me go through it once again."

I dropped my eyes on her paper again. She lit a cigarette and looked at me apologetically,

"Do you mind if I smoke?"

I shook my head to wave off her concern. Then quickly finished reading her paper. I gave my frank opinion on some critical points. She agreed on most of my opinion. But took one point for debate that I disagreed. We started debating hotly. Neither of us was ready to yield. Meanwhile, we finished the first bottle of beer. She took out another bottle, filled both the glasses.

"I've got two more bottles. Let us finish this bottle quickly" she said after gulping half of her glass in one sip. It inspired me. I also gulped half of my glass. She lit another cigarette and bumped into further argument. Two bottles of beer in the afternoon, almost another bottle here made me tipsy. So I felt to end the debate and politely agreed to her point. 

"Ultimately you agreed" she shrieked in joy, "So I was right, isn't it?"

The way she uttered last sentence I felt, she was also bit tipsy. Taking some quick puffs from her cigarette, she whispered anxiously, "Hope, I'm not disturbing you by smoking so much." 

"Oh, not at all" I again assured her, "Rather I love to see a lady smoking."

"Is it so?" her eyes roamed on my face with curiosity, "You don't smoke. But you like a lady smoking?"  

How could I tell her that it aroused my passion? I was unsettled and started stammering, "Well, you know… you ladies… look damn smart with a cigarette."

"Oh come on" gulping some more beer and putting her cigarette back to her lips, she rubbished my statement, "Don't talk nonsense. Speak out your mind. No third person present here. Both of us are tipsy."

I knew, she caught me off guard. No use of further pretence. "I feel it very sexy. It arouses my passion," I confessed.

I thought, she would be uncomfortable with my confession and would change the topic quickly. Or could do something to dampen the charged atmosphere. But she did nothing. Rather gulping rest of the fluid from her glass, she finished smoking and asked with a mysterious look, "When that happens, what do you like to do?"

Her unexpected curiosity made me sit up. In one gasp I said, "Kiss the lady to know how her lips taste after smoking."

"Then taste it" in a flash she placed a kiss on my cheek. 

Her lips were extremely hot. I reciprocated it instantly. Cupping her chin with my left palm I pulled her face close to my mouth and started kissing her madly. She thrust her tongue into my mouth and I sucked it for a while. Then I slid my tongue into her mouth. With her passion firing all cylinders she sucked it frantically. I felt a quiver in my spine. I never kissed any woman except my wife. So my excitement was in rapture. Her hot reciprocation made my body shaking. I didn't know how long we continued fucking our mouth in every possible way with our tongues and lips. 

Suddenly she stood up. Licking hers lips she said, "Now your wish is fulfilled. Let me fulfill my wish."

"What is that?" I gasped in curiosity and nervousness.

"I want to see you naked when I'm fully dressed " her voice didn't faltered making such stunningly indecent proposal to a stranger, "Come on dear, I'll undress you."

I was dumbstruck and out-and-out nervous. Guessing my nervousness she tried to cheer me up, "Don't be nervous. Didn't you guess, a lady calling a man in her room was not for some dry chatting? You're intelligent enough to guess it."

She stopped a while and smiled mischievously, "Let us enjoy the evening. You know, I had a long urge of undressing a man. My hubby never gave me this chance. He is a beast. Never bothered about my wishes and desires. I'm sure, you'll give me this chance. I'll get my long cherished lust fulfilled. Then you can ravish my body as you wish." 

I heard the growl of an approaching storm and stood up totally mesmerized. She took off my shirt, undershirt and trousers in frenzy. As if she was digging a gold mine. A burst of embarrassment engulfed my senses. I closed my eyes in shame. 

"Oh God, you look great," she murmured. She rained kisses on my forehead, cheek and lips. Lowered her mouth to my chest and kissed my nipples.

I opened my eyes. Saw her lowering her head further down. She pulled down my underwear swiftly. My fully erect cock sprang out from its confines and hit her chin. In a flash she deep throated it almost to its base and started swirling around it with her tongue. In between she sucked it with load of passion. I was thrown in a world of heavenly feeling. A while ago I never imagined the evening would so suddenly turn into such kinky one. I never guessed, she had all this in mind and preplanned it so masterly. I felt, an electrifying sensation had been moving up and down in my spine. 

She slowly sucked her back to my cock's tip. I looked down and saw, my cock was shining with her saliva. She licked every part of it. Went down to suck my balls with some smacking noise. It broke my last barrier of moral restraints. I pulled her up and unbuttoned her button-up shirt with my trembling fingers and lifted it over her head. She didn't object. She had no bra guarding her two lovely tight round tits. They spilled out dancing. I lowered my mouth and sucked one of her nipples. Teased her other nipple with fingers. Her nipples hardened. She groaned in ecstasy. I squeezed her tits to put her lust to fire.

But still my mind was tossing between the world of fantasy and the realm of reality. Unable to face the moment of truth. Truth of my first adultery. I was still sucking her nipples and licking her tits. Suddenly I felt, her jeans dropped from her waist. She herself unbuttoned her jeans and allowed it to drop. I looked down. Excited to see her in skimpy panties. I hugged her, rubbed her tits on my chest furiously.

She caught my throbbing penis with her right palm. Rubbed it against her skimpy panties. I felt an exquisite sensation. I started sucking her earlobe. She moaned, "Your fucking stuff is really hot. I wanna get it in my body." 

Suddenly my overloaded bladder cried. I felt an urge of emptying it. A lewd idea stormed my mind. With my mouth still feasting on her earlobe, I whispered, "Do you like the evening to be more nasty and kinky?" 

"Do you mean more wild?" she gasped.

"Yes dear, we'll make it nasty, kinky and wild in the toilet," I said passionately.

I took her to the toilet hugging, kissing, rubbing her boobs in my chest. All lights were on in the toilet. We saw our naked bodies in the shining mirror. Saw a reflection of how another adultery blotting this beautiful world. I pulled down her skimpy panties and pushed her down to one corner of the bathtub. Helped her to spread her legs as wide as possible. My eyes stopped blinking. I never saw another woman's pussy. A convulsion seized my body. It triggered unbearable pressure on my swelling bladder. I asked her to spread wide her clit with fingers so that I could start my nasty act. She did it. I could now see her pink pussy lips soaked and wet. I didn't waste time. I started pissing on her tits. 

"Oh Gosh, what are you doing?" she squeaked in surprise. 

My stream of urine picked speed. It squirted like a fire brigade's hose spraying water to arrest an engulfing fire. Quickly I lowered my pissing cock and directed its flow on her pussy. She screamed in ecstasy. My bursting bladder was pumping out the fluid with smashing force. It fucked her cunt piercing it to its bottom. 

"What a pleasure, honey! Ah, aah.., aaah… I'm gonna cum," she groaned. 

I knew, she was on the precipice of a thrilling orgasm. I continued pouring on her clit till a huge thick cum gushed out of her pussy. I never saw a woman cumming. It was a wildest sight, I couldn't even imagine in my wildest of fantasy. I controlled my pissing. Knelt down between her legs and slid my nose onto her cumming pussy. Oh, what an erotic smell. I dove my nose deeper. My tongue licked the lower part of her pussy simultaneously. She was thrown into a whirlpool of frenzy. She shrieked, screamed, groaned, moaned frantically. Soon a spasm engulfed her clit. My nose could feel it. I buried my nose and mouth deeper to savor its magnitude. She couldn't bear more and peaked another climax. She spurted more cum on my nose and mouth. I sucked it dry. I felt like drinking nectar.

But by then my cock was furious. Almost at the verge of explosion. I stood up and pulled her down to push my hungry cock into her mouth. But she didn't respond as I expected. She was sluggish in sucking my cock. Maybe, her repeated climax made her exhausted. But my furious cock needed a ruthless fucking by her mouth. So I held her head with my two hands and tossed her mouth back and forth in my cock violently. In no time I groaned in ecstasy and filled her mouth with hot streams of cum. The volume was so huge that it spilled from both sides of her mouth and dripped in the floor through her chin. My knee was trembling. Her body was shaking. We collapsed on the toilet floor.  

We remained in the floor hugging each other. Absorbing the ripples of pleasures that swept us to the peak. Recovering our burnt out energies for another encounter. My mind was flying in a new horizon, where no cloud of my life long inhibitions could be traced. They were all blown out. I could discover a new man in me, a man who could now satisfy the hungry woman in my embrace with all burners on. I felt, my sagged penis regained its vigor and was ready for another rampage.

I lifted Shaili in my lap. Her entire body was soaked in urine, cum and pussy juices. I could smell a strange fragrance coming out of her body, the smell of her exotic perfume mingled with that of my urine. I took her to the bed. I ravished her body with my mouth and hands. 

"Oh darling, now you enter my body. I can't wait. Fuck me hard," she cried in choked voice. 

Her cry lashed my lust. My cock hardened like a rock. I took her legs on my shoulders. I could see her pussy lips. I never fucked any other woman. My cock had enjoyed only my wife's cunt. My cock was throbbing in excitement in anticipation of tasting a new pussy of a stranger. I placed my cock on her clit. Shoved it deep. It was wet. It was hot like steaming spring. 

"Oh honey, couldn't believe, a cunt could be so hot and juicy," I screamed ecstatically. 

"Ravish it darling, fuck me out of hell. Oh Gosh, what a huge cock you've. Come deep inside me. Fuck me hard. Am dying for it," she shouted. 

I started ramming my steaming cock deep into her clit. With each brute stroke my cock head was swelling. She was groaning in ecstasy, "Ah, aah, aaah… what a fucking. You bastard, you're a great fucker. Fuck me hard. Break my pussy into pieces." 

In the toilet she was only groaning and moaning. Didn't indulge into lewd conversation. I couldn't believe, she could use such vulgar words. Her lewdness inflamed my passion further. I peaked up speed. Rocked my cock back and forth on to her clit brutally. I could feel heat rising in her pussy. Almost roasting my cock. 

"You bitch. You're roasting my cock. I'll tear your pussy," I screamed. 

"You, son of a bitch, you're really fucking me hard. Never got such hard fucking from my hubby. Tear my pussy. Make it bleed. Fuck me.. fuck me…fuck me harder. I'm gonna cum, aaah.. aaaah.. aaaaah..," She shrieked. 

I felt a vigorous spasm in her pussy jamming my shunting cock. She spurted cum all over my hungry penis. The volume was so huge that it started spilling from both sides of her fuck hole coating my balls and her ass. 

I was almost at the verge of explosion when she suddenly cried, "Oh dear, pull out your cock. Don't blow your load in my pussy. I'm in ovulation. Don't want a child. Pull out your cock. Please … please ...put it in my mouth. I'll suck it to explode." 

It was impossible for anyone to withdraw at this height of ecstasy. More so, when his animal instinct ignited his masculine chauvinism over other humane consideration. Dumping cum on a mouth was nowhere near to the electrifying sensation, one could get by blowing cum in a juicing pussy. And that too of a stranger. So I got angry. Banging my cock frantically on her contracting cunt, probably venting my angers, I growled at her, "You called me a bastard. You called my mom a bitch. Now I'll dump a baby on your womb. World will call the baby a bastard. A real bastard. Ooh… oooh… I'm exploding. Take my hot load, you bitch of a bitch." 

My cock exploded like a bomb. It started shooting a huge hot load deep into her womb for almost a minute. She felt the heat and the force of my ejaculation. Her whole body was shivering in frenzy. She peaked another orgasm. I kept my exhausted penis tight in her cunt for five more minutes. Ensured, at least one of my million sperms entered her fertile egg to give her a child. A bastard.  

Next day she presented her paper and got wide applauses. I complimented her. She couldn't see me eye to eye. 

"Thanks for all that happened last evening. I wish, you got me pregnant. I love to give birth to your baby," She whispered. 

My heart stopped beating for a while. My mind went into euphoria. I couldn't speak a single word. In the evening I left for Delhi. She flied back to Bangalore.
