 I can see your eagerness as you kneel in the room. Your dark eyes slyly look up, taking in the bulge in my pants as I walk into the room. Slowly you reach up, leaning forward to stand.

"No, stay," you glance up to my eyes, smilingly demurely as you lean back. I walk around you, each step of my bare feet on the plush carpet leading me closer to you. I reach down my fingertips to brush back your long dark hair from your shoulder. As I stand behind you I can sense your desire to face me while you remain on your knees. You begin to fidget as you hear the sound of my fly opening. Still, though, I do not let you move. 

You feel my fingers play through your hair, realizing that I've silently knelt behind you. My hands slide your robe off of your shoulders, revealing you dark golden skin. As my hands caress down your arms I lean forward to brush my lips along the line of your ear. With a soft hum of satisfaction you lean your head to one side, exposing the line of your neck to my lips. My arms snake down your arms, encircling you as my hands rub across your stomach. The robe gathers around your waist while my lips kiss your gorgeous dark skin of your neck and bare shoulder. You go to reach up, around, to take me in your arms.

"No," I whisper into your ear as I hold down your arms. You gently moan your desire to feel me, to taste me, to wrap your legs around my hips and feel me slip into you. My hands attempt to cover your smooth skin, cupping your breast, and slipping down your stomach. Once again you feel my lips on your ear, down your neck and across your shoulder. My one hand creeps down your stomach, chasing the gathering heat between your thighs. I slip my hand under the gathered robe, fingertips lightly play with over your dark mound. In my other hand I feel your hard nipples against my palm, I can taste the heat of your skin upon my lips.

My finger runs along your thigh, tracing a line inwards till I feel your warmth, your moisture. I rub the length of my finger down, then up again, repeating the motion until I feel you grow hotter and wetter. Then I slip my finger in, my strokes against your clit in time to the squeezing of your breast and the feel of my lips. You arch your back, leaning against me. I feel your hips clamp against my hand as I continue to slip my finger in and out of you. Wrapped in my arms I hold you still as you moan and squirm with pleasure.

Your luscious olive skin glistens as the heat suffices your body and to build between your thighs. I feel your muscles spasm, followed by the wash across my hands as your body releases, wrapped in my arms. I feel your body relax against mine.

I lean forward against you as you feel my wet fingers trace a line up your torso. You take my hand in yours and guide it to across your nipples before lifting it to your mouth. You taste yourself on my fingers as I press against you, lifting you to your hands and knees. With my one hand fondling your swaying breasts, my other hand between your lips, you use your own hand to guide me. Reaching between your thighs you take me in your hand, rubbing me against you. We press together, me thrusting forward into you as you press back on me. You feel me slip into you until our hips touch. I hold you there, rolling my hips, slowly drawing myself out of you. Then I thrust into you, working up a rhythm.

The whole time you suck on my hand, feeling me pressed along your back. My hand squeezes your breast, pinching your nipples. As our thrusts become stronger you feel your arms grow weak. Taking a last lick of my hand you lower your forehead to the carpet, leaving your dark hips thrust up against my pale skin. Your nipples brush across the plush carpet as I thrust into you. My wet hand trails across your back, until I begin to massage you with both my hands. The thrusts come on stronger, harder, rocking you.

Our moans mix in the room as we continue to thrust together. My hands massage up and down your back, until I'm gripping your hips. My thrust come rapid now, each thrust pushing you into the carpet. You feel your hard nipples stimulated by the feel of the carpet. Your body is covered in sweat, giving your olive skin a glow. The heat causes your body to respond, feeling me deep inside of you, triggering spasms. You imagine my own release, exploding into you, filling you. You picture my own pale skin against yours, in yours, thrusting. Finally you feel the muscles clench, and feeling your response I too begin to feel my own bodies reflexes. 

Heat and moisture mix explosively until our release leaves us spent. I lay on you for long sweet moments before sitting up. With a soft sigh of desire you too sit up. Before I can stand you put one hand on my hip. Looking up you silently ask for permission. Smiling down at you, I consent. You lick your lips as you take me, wet with out love making, into your mouth. Sucking you hungrily taste us, licking me as you go. Even spent I grow hard under your wonderful tongue, wrapped in your luscious lips. Once you've finished licking and sucking me clean you sit back. I watch you, silent for long moments, before pulling your lips to mine. 

Eventually I pull you up, to lead you to bed, where we lay tightly together until dawn finds us the strength to enjoy each other again...