 ‘Ring, ring, ring.’ My mobile phone went, as I was driving down the motorway.

“Paul Young,” I answered. 

“Hi, Paul. It’s Nicole.” A voice trilled in my ear.

Nicole had started work, for my company six weeks previously, as a window dresser. She was only 19, very petite and absolutely gorgeous. The guys in the warehouse had christened her ‘Kylie’ because she looked like, the singer, Kylie Mynogue.

“I’ve just been in to see Jimmy, at Saville Sports, and he wants to know if we can do a promotional display, at Easter. What do you think?” She continued, in this vein for a few minutes. 

While I was her Boss, she could have actually rang her first line manager, Rod, for something as simple as this. 

As the Sales Manager, I would speak to staff at all levels, to discuss business, so I didn’t mind the call. In fact it was a very pleasant distraction, as I had been driving for a couple of hours. 

I am a, middle-aged man, working for a Ladies fashion company, and have a very good relationship with all of our staff, especially the younger ones. They seem to regard me as an ‘uncle’ figure, the type of person that they can talk to in confidence, without any danger of recriminations. They all seem to trust me, and like being around me.

Our conversation had drifted on for about 10 minutes, when it changed course, and she began joking about how lonely she got when she had to stay, overnight, in hotels. She had been away from home for two nights; myself three. I would be away this evening too. We were now mildly flirting, with each other, which I found quite exciting, but I presumed that she was just having a little bit of fun at my expense.

“Oh, Paul.” She said, suddenly, “You said that I could have some shoes from the new collection, didn’t you?”

“Of course, you can.” I replied. I should have known that there would be an ulterior motive; she wanted something!

“Well,” she suddenly lost confidence, “I’ve got some work shoes, but I’d really love a pair of ‘Pasha’! I’ve got a little denim mini-skirt that they would look fantastic, with!” She blurted out the last words.

We have a collection of ladies shoes, and Pasha are black leather, knee high boots, with three inch heals – very sexy!

“I’m just picturing you in them, ” I joked. 

“Do they make me look sexy?” She laughed.

“More than a little bit!” I continued the joke. “You would have to let me watch you try them on, if I gave you a pair!”

“That would be okay; and I’d even wear my little skirt for you! He, he, he, he.” 

“If that looks as good as in my imagination, I’d have to bring my camera!” I was now laughing out loud, but feeling as Horny as Hell. 

My God! I had a stiffy! Did this girl know what she was saying? What she was doing to me? 

“I’d have to think about a camera. But if I said yes, could I have a pair?” Nicole chuckled.

“Of course you can. I’ll make the phone call. Leave it to me.” I ended the call (40 minutes!)

I was virtually shaking with excitement, as I ordered them, pretending that they were for a customer.

Although my wife thinks that I’m a flirt, I hadn’t had a conversation like that since I was a teenager!

In my hotel, that night, I had two fantastic wanks, thinking about Nicole and her boots!

I spent many happy hours during the following week, reliving the conversation, and fantasising about Nicole wearing her ‘Kinky Boots’. Some days I was sure that she ‘fancied’ me and would perform all kinds of perverted sex acts for me, and other days, when I realised the futility of my fantasies, I knew that was all they would remain.

I collected the boots the following Wednesday, from our warehouse. 

As I got into my car, my mobile rang. I didn’t recognise the number. “Paul Young,” I said in my best business tone. 

“Hi, Paul, it’s Nicole, here.” Her happy voice melted in my ear. Instantly, my heart began beating faster, and there was another stirring in my groin.

“Hello, there,” I tried to remain calm, “How are you?”

“Brilliant!” She carried on in her childlike manner, telling me about a customer that she had seen, that day.

“Oh, before I forget, I’ve got your boots, for you.” I said matter of factly.

“YESSSSSSSS!” She squealed with delight. “Fantastic! I love you! When can I have them? When can I have them?” She kept screaming into the phone.

“Phew!” I thought. At least I hadn’t totally misread the situation.

“Where are you, later this week?” I asked

“I’m in York today, Manchester tomorrow and Liverpool on Friday. Where are you going to be?”

“Liverpool wouldn’t be too far out of my way,” I said, “Which hotel are you staying at on Thursday night?” I asked, my heart racing, and my cock hardening by the second.

“I haven’t booked one. Why? Are you going to stay, too?” She asked, with a sexy laugh.

“If you want me to, I will.” I replied, trying to keep my options open.

“Ooh! You naughty man,” she whispered, her voice now purring, “Stay over, and you can take me somewhere nice for dinner. I’ve got my mini skirt with me. Do you want me to wear that?” 

DO I WANT? I hadn’t thought of anything else for a week!

“That would be nice.” I whispered, still trying to remain calm. Feeling brave, I continued, “Does that mean that I can bring my camera?”

“He, he, he.” She giggled, “I’ll let you book a hotel.” 

The phone went dead.

I was still unsure what was happening. Was this some elaborate joke? Was she a prick-tease? Would my wife be waiting for me? Will she really ‘dress up’ for me? Will she really be there? Will I fuck her brains out? Is it all a dream?

I was confused, but too horny to care! I booked a hotel, (two rooms!) and a restaurant, in the, now trendy, Docks area. I sent a text message, letting her know the details of the hotel.

I arrived at 5.30, and had to go into the bathroom, with a copy of Hustler, for a wank. When I’d finished, I felt a lot more relaxed.

Ring, Ring. The phone rang. I stared at it. “Hi. Paul! I’m downstairs, have you got my boots?” 

“Yes. Stay there. I’ll bring them down.”

With a heavy heart, but a smile on my face, I walked downstairs.

When she saw me, her face lit up. Clutching her hands to her chest, she danced a little jig.

Nicole looked even younger than I remembered, incredibly pretty, shoulder-length blonde hair, tight jeans. Her tiny tits, which appeared to be held up with a Wonderbra, were peeping out of a floral shirt. 

“I’m so excited! You’ve got my boots!” She squealed. Other people in the reception area were now looking at us. I suddenly felt quite proud, to be seen with her. 

“Let me see! Let me see!” She grabbed the large box from my hands. Dropping the lid to the floor, she gasped “Wow! They’re gorgeous! I love them!” as she stroked the leather. Remembering where she was, she looked around, grinned and shrugged her shoulders, at the other guests. “Oops! Sorry.”

“Would you like a drink, while you calm down.” I suggested.

In the bar she took a seat while I bought the drinks. 

Still stroking them, she purred, “They’re just what I wanted. I can’t wait to try them on. Can I try them now?”

“Well, you’d have to take your jeans off, wouldn’t you?” I joked, “But if you must!”

Slapping my thigh, she whispered, “You’re very naughty, I should punish you!”

As we finished our drinks, we agreed to meet, back at the bar at 7.30.

I was standing at the bar when she made her entrance, and I swear 24 men went silent.

“What do you think?” She asked me, as she stood, posing, in the doorway. She ‘wafted’ her hands down her small body, directing my eyes over every inch, ending at her legs, which were now encased in her shiny black boots.

“WOW!” was all I could manage. 

Nicole looked absolutely gorgeous, and she knew it. Her slim legs encased in the long boots, and she was dressed in a, very short denim skirt and black leather Gucci jacket, her blonde hair glistened in the neon light. Her lips had just the right amount of red lipstick, which she lightly ran her tongue over. 

Her skirt was so short, I joked, “I hope that you’re wearing clean knickers, under there!” “Who said I’m wearing any knickers!” She laughed as she put her hands on my cheeks and pulled my face toward her, and planted a kiss on my lips. “Thanks, the boots are just, so nice. I don’t know how to thank you.” Her eyes sparkled, as she wiped the excess lipstick from my face.

I still couldn’t tell how serious she was. She must know the effect that she was having on me, mustn’t she? Yet, to look at her, she could still have been the model of innocence.

“I’m sure we’ll think of a way.” I half-heartedly laughed. She seemed to ignore the comment.

We finished our drinks, and went for a meal. Nicole chatted about work, her family, her dog and just about everything under the Sun, while I just listened. My eyes flicked around, and every man, in the room, was staring at her, especially when she would kick her leg out, to take yet another look at her boots.

My heart was pounding and my palms were beginning to sweat as I tried to appear cool and sophisticated.

The men in the bar all looked disappointed, and a little bit jealous, as we made our way out, when we finished our meal. “They were staring at us, weren’t they?” Nicole whispered, as she took hold of my jacket. “Not us. You.” I whispered back.

“He, he, he.” She giggled, “Do they think that I’m your mistress?”

“I don’t think so!” I laughed, “Probably my daughter!”

“Ah! I hope not,” Nicole grinned. “Let’s give them something to talk about!” and with that, she linked her arm, tightly, with mine, and splashed a big kiss on my cheek

Back at the hotel I asked if she wanted another drink. 

“No thanks,” she slurred, running her long finger down my chest, “I’m ready for bed!”

The lift was crowded with old women, when we entered, making us squash together.

“Do you really want to take photos of my boots?” She whispered. Shrugging my shoulders, I smiled, and nodded. 

“What will you do with them?” she teased.

I shrugged again. Could I tell the truth? Or should I tell a lie?

Pressing her lips to my ear, she continued, “You’ll wank over them, won’t you!”

SHIT! What could I say?

Ding. The lift arrived at my floor. Nicole took my hand and led me through the old ladies.

“You will, won’t you?” She laughed, as the doors closed. I was blushing. “I don’t know. It depends what sort of pictures you let me take.” I nervously replied.

“Come on then. Which room is yours?” She was virtually dragging me down the corridor.

As I fumbled with the key, she pressed herself against me, and giggled, “This is going to be fun.”

Once inside, I caught my reflection in the mirror. Nothing had changed; I was still a middle-aged man, with more than my fair share of grey hair and a soft beer belly. I couldn’t stop smiling as I fumbled in my bag for my digital camera.

“Are you sure about this?” I gave her one last chance.

“I’ve got to repay you somehow, haven’t I? And, well……it’s a kind of fantasy/ambition of mine.” She blushed slightly, as she said those last words. “I sort of…………wanted to be a model.”

“Ca I choose the poses?” she asked as she pulled the zip down on her jacket, exposing her tiny naked breasts.

“Of course. What do you want to do first?” I asked, staring at her young, firm tits.

She proceeded to stand in front of the mirror, and posed in some cheesy positions, lifting her arms and running her fingers through her hair, making sure that I could see and photograph those lovely breasts.

Slowly she dropped the jacket on the floor. Her milk white breasts looked like tiny pyramids, with the pink nipples pointing upwards, toward the ceiling. I hadn’t seen anything like them for twenty years. Smiling at me, she turned and pressed her tits and face against the mirror. She had done her homework, as some of the poses now looked quite professional. 

I was now kneeling behind her, trying to look up the skirt. 

As she wiggled her arse, she lifted the hem of her skirt, until I could see the tiniest pink G-String in the world, separating two perfect butt cheeks. When the skirt was around her hips, she turned to face me.

The front of the pants was virtually sheer, exposing a thin strip of fluffy, natural blonde pubic hair, shaved into a ‘porn strip’.

Nicole’s eyes were tightly closed, as she teased a rosebud nipple with one hand, and ran the other over the front of her pants.

As she pulled the nylon to one side, she huskily whispered, “Is this what you want to photograph?” giving me a perfect view of her shaved, dripping, cunt.

“God yes!” was all I could utter.

If my cock was hard before, you could cut diamonds with it now!

Beep! Beep! I froze at the sudden noise. The memory card in my camera was full. I had taken all 64 shots.

“Shit! The camera’s full!” I gasped, staring at it, in the divine hope that it would miraculously double it’s memory.

“Never mind. Put it down, and stand there.” Nicole ordered me.

I did as I was told.

Nicole quickly disposed of the skirt and knelt in front of me, just wearing the boots and her pink g-string.

Tracing a red fingernail down my straining shaft, she looked me in the eye, “This is what you really want, isn’t it?” 

I grinned as she undid my trousers and pulled them down, with my pants. 

My cock was so hard, it was aching.

“Sit on the bed, for me,” she asked. As I did she took hold of my cock and gently squeezed it. “Ooh,” was the only sound that I could make.

With a wicked grin on her face, she began planting gentle kisses all over the shaft. 

I wanted to be cool and make all kinds of macho comments, but it was so good, all I could do was continue going, “ooh.”

Finally she smothered the purple knob with her hot mouth, “Aaghh!” I grunted.

Nicole sucked and licked my cock like a Porn Star, her fingers alternating between the shaft and my enlarged balls, leaving me in a daze. After a few minutes of this fantastic show, I got that unmistakable feeling, “I’m coming, I’m coming, I’m coming!” I panicked. Chuckling she moved her head back, and frantically rubbed my cock, until I shot my spunk all over her lovely little tits, some of it splashing onto her neck and chin. I was now grunting and groaning like a heart attack victim.

Laughing at my discomfort she rubbed my knob into her tits, smearing it with my own spunk. As she stood up, she looked beyond beautiful, in her black leather boots, tiny pink knickers and her tits covered in my spunk. I suddenly wished that I could take one more photo. “I’m going to the toilet. Take your clothes off, for me.” She winked as she turned away.

As I undressed I caught another look at myself in the mirror, my cock was still as stiff as a poker, but I still looked like a middle-aged man. What was happening to me?

She had left the bathroom door open, so I could hear her piss splashing into the bowl. I’d never thought that such an act would be erotic, but for a moment I wanted her to piss all over me!

When she walked back into the room, she was only wearing the boots. Words escape me, trying to describe how wonderful she looked.

“It’s my turn now. Lie on the bed. I want to fuck you!” She told me matter of factly.

I shuffled back on the bed, my cock still pointing at the ceiling.

Nicole moved onto the bed and straddled my legs. 

I couldn’t take my eyes from between her legs, her lips were, now, so swollen I swear that her love juice was actually dripping on to me!

Slowly she crawled forward, until my cock was rubbing against her thigh.

“Do you want me to………?” I started to ask, when she placed a finger on my lips, “Shh!” she smiled and shook her head.

Leaning forward, she placed her hands on my shoulders, and gently swayed her breasts over my face while she rubbed her hot, wet cunt along my shaft.

My heart was pounding and my stomach turning as I felt the knob probe her tiny hole. 

A smile lit up her face as she sank down, engulfing my cock with her tight pussy, making me groan, again. 

Her hands moved down my body until they rested on my soft paunch, and she was sitting upright, forcing my cock into her belly. She grabbed hand-fulls of flesh as she began sliding up and down on my straining cock. The leather of the boots was beginning to scratch my legs. 

“Nicole; Nicole.” I began. “Shh!” She whispered, again. With this she increased her speed, fucking me like crazy, her red fingernails digging into the skin of my stomach.

Suddenly she fell forward, forcing her face into my chest, and curling her boots around my legs. Her lower body began vibrating as she crushed her clitoris against my groin. In seconds her head began thrashing from side to side, “Yes, yes, yes!” she groaned, as I wrapped my arms around her shoulders then down to her cute arse, which I squeezed and stroked as I met every move of her hips with one of my own. “I’m coming! I’m coming!” She screamed, “So am I! So am I!” I grunted into her ear, as my spunk shot out of my cock like a rocket and with a final shake of her blonde hair, she flopped against me, grabbing my shoulders, as if she feared falling off. 

Drenched in sweat, we lay clinging onto each other for a couple of minutes, our chests heaving as we tried to regain our composure, and get our breath back.

“I’ve never done that, before.” Nicole whispered as she kissed my chest.

“What?” I asked, unsure as to what she meant. 

“Come with a man. Nobody’s ever given me an orgasm before.” She smiled as she rolled off me, lifting her leg high in the air, so the boot didn’t scratch me, as my cock slid out. The view was awesome, as her hairless fanny was red raw and oozing spunk.

Lying beside me, with her legs still open, still exposing that beautiful bald cunt, her tiny hand moved down to my deflating member, which was shiny and wet with our juices. 

“You’ve never had an orgasm? Or just never had one during sex?” I asked, as her stroking my cock was making it ache as it stiffened for the third time in an hour.

“Oh I play with myself all of the time, silly!” she giggled. “Just no man’s ever made me come before.”

“When I’m having sex with my boyfriend he just bangs away, not a thought for me!” she laughed, “Then I have to finish myself off when he’s asleep!” 

The thought of her masturbating, as well as the view next to me was making me hard again. 

“God! You’re horny!” She laughed, again as she increased her grip on my cock. “I don’t think that My Darrren’s ever had three hard-ons in a night!” 

“What did you expect? I’ve just had my brains fucked out by a beautiful, young Temptress! Of course I’m bloody horny! This doesn’t happen everyday, you know. I’m making the most of this!” I chuckled, but was being serious.

Nicole stopped wanking me, and raised herself to her knees, next to my chest. Her face suddenly lost its smile. “Do you really think I’m beautiful?” She asked as she squeezed and examined her tits, “Darren says that my tits are too small, and I should have a boob-job. What do you think?”

Oh! My! God! Her shaved and shaped pubes were 10 inches from my face, and she was asking me if she needed a boob-job! Bravely, I ran my hand up the back of her thigh until I was stroking her arse.

“He must be mad. I can’t believe that he wants you to change anything, you’re perfect as you are.” I said, as I moved my head forward and kissed her thin strip of hair, and the flesh around it. 

“Has he really never made you come?” I whispered. “No. I don’t think so.” She replied after giving it some thought.

“So he’s never done this.” I continued before I touched her pussy lips with the tip of my tongue.

She appeared to melt, as my tongue parted the lips and flicked across her clitoris.

I slid my left arm between her legs and lifted it over my chest, until she was sitting over my face. Gripping her hips and arse I pulled her down.
