 Thank you for taking your time to read my memories. All my stories are true and related as closely to fact as I can recall given the detrimental effect time and alcohol has on ones powers of recollection. 

I live near a local pub and restaurant strip and enjoy strolling down the street having a beer in every pub. One summer evening a few years ago I ran into a woman I used to know. We travelled in the same social circle for a few years but we were both married and only rarely flirted. I wasn't sure the chemistry was there to be quite honest. I was definitely attracted to her as would every red blooded man. She always had a trim figure, a face like a porcelain doll and Jennifer Aniston's hair. This particular night she was wearing a Grecian style dress with heels that showed off her long slim legs excellently. I actually thought at one stage you must have used double sided tape to stop her orange sized breasts from popping out of the low cut of that dress.

I went over to Kay and struck up a conversation. We had both been divorced since the last time we had seen each other although she was now seeing some one that she described as a casual thing. She was on a night out with one of her friends so we went and danced with her for a while before heading upstairs. In this particular pub the dance floor is down stairs and there is a quiet balcony bar upstairs. We had a few drinks up there and the girls turned the conversation highly sexual. The friend was out to pick up I was informed while Kay informed me that she had enough of sex. Her ex had cheated and now her casual lover was getting possessive. At this point another guy whisked her friend off for another dance, leaving us alone. 

Kay told me how he would say he was ok with her going out without him but had to fuck her before she left. We had a very detailed chat about why guys always mark there territory by coming inside their girls. This lead to her telling me her favourite thing is to watch a guy come. Not just his face but to watch him stroke himself off and see it shoot out of him. Then Kay told me that she had never met a guy who could look into her eyes while he did it. I told her I would accept that challenge! 

I tried to get her back to my place but she wouldn't leave her friend and also explained her friend was a very hard on cheaters, although random hook ups are ok. Somewhere along the line we agreed on the toilets right there in the pub. I would jack off in front of her and had to keep my eyes open when I came. She wouldn't promise to expose herself but would see how she felt once we were in a cubicle. 

There is a short hallway to the toilets and very few people milling around. When we got to the gents she followed me in. There was no one in there thankfully. We locked our selves in a cubicle and immediately started kissing. She felt so slender and hot as she pressed against me. I slid my hand up the back of her legs and squeezed her bum, feeling the smooth flesh exposed by her g-string. Her hands went to my zip and she pulled out my rapidly hardening cock and started stroking it for me. Hotter and heavier our cubicle got until she pushed me away. 

Kay reiterated the rules and decided she would sit on the closed toilet lid and I could stand in front of her. Then she sat down, leaned back and spread her legs. I stood there stroking my cock as Kay rubbed her pussy through the fabric. After a few minutes of this I slid the straps off her shoulders with my free hand and squeezed her amazingly pert boobs with almost plastic looking perfect pink nipples. Kay kept reminding me that she wanted me to look her in the eyes when I came but I needed more stimulation. She obliged by pulling her undies to the side and showing me a very hot pussy that was almost red with excitement. The heel of her palm sat on her landing strip of pubic as her fingers rubbed her clit around. Kay made sure I would tell her when I was near coming then put one foot up on the toilet roll dispenser. I was standing between the legs of this gorgeous woman with her pussy right in front of me and just had to fuck her. I lowered my self down to be nearer her when she realized what I was doing.  

Kay decided I could rub my cock on her clit but still not fuck her. I practically begged. She reminded me of her no cheating policy and that her boyfriend had fucked her before she left a few hours before. I asked her if she had ever one two guys in the one day and if she found it exciting. Kay didn't answer but closed her eyes and came as I slid my cock into her hot wet pussy. As I stroked away she made me promise that I would pullout and look at her as I came. Of course I gave that promise.

I plunged in and out of her but still couldn't get close to coming. The alcohol was playing a part in that. Kay must have gotten uncomfortable to as she pushed me back and got up. I leant on the door as she turned, hiked her dress up and bent over with her hands on the toilet cistern. I will never forget the view of those heels, the perfect legs and an arse to die for. I walked up behind her and slid back into that wet box. I'm sure it is one of the best I have ever had. So smooth, so wet and tight. Now I was getting close. Kay could sense this and after a few minutes she pulled away and stood up kissing me.

Kay went over the rules again and leaned back onto a wall and put one foot onto the toilet. I walked up and faced her, my hard cock sticking out in front and bouncing up and down. We agreed I wouldn't stroke it, I would fuck her till right at the point of coming and she would stroke me off all over her pussy. I slid forward and she guided me into her again. 

My balls tightened straight away and I grabbed her arse cheeks pulling her into me. I kept pounding her, right on the brink of coming. Kay's legs went weak and I felt more and more weight in my arms as I pounded into her. She asked me to keep my eyes open as I kept closing them and telling me she was ready to stroke me. I stared into her slate grey eyes and asked her if she still wanted that fantasy or if she wanted two guys come in her. Kay opened her mouth into an O shape and tensed which I took to be her orgasm and then my floodgates opened. 

I felt my orgasm rush into her and the hand on my face. She demanded I open my eyes. I stared into hers as I came and Kay came again. I slowed my thrusts as my orgasm waned but Kay told me to keep stroking in and out. She put her hands between out bodies and squeezed my balls as my orgasm was fading and stroked my cock into her as she gently rocked her hips back and forth. I could feel every last drop of come gush into her as my orgasm continued. 

We stood there still like that for a few minutes and when I went to kiss her she shook her head and put her finger on my lips to be quiet. Slowly Kay slid off my still hard dick and I watch a great glob of creamy cum drop onto her inner thigh. A long string hung from her pussy lips. Amazingly she slid her little patch of g-string fabric back over her creamy pussy and smoothed her skirt down without cleaning up. I wiped my self down with toilet paper and put my pocket rocket away. Then she pushed me out of the cubicle and hustled me back to the bar. We had another round and sat out on the balcony. As we chatted surrounded by people but enjoying a secret afterglow I saw Kay spot some come on her leg and simply rub her other leg into it, smearing it around. To this day I am amazed that such a glamorous girl was so dirty. But believe me I am glad.

I hope you enjoyed the details. I know I am not the best writer but I do like sharing and always appreciate positive feed back. Please don't forget to vote.