 Andy pulled the rental car onto the driveway hoping to see signs of life from the house. There were none. His train journey had started very early in the morning and taken five hours It had been followed by an hour of driving the car he had picked up at the train station. This visit to his family for an early start to the Christmas break was demanding already and there was no-one here to greet him. In his ten years of working he had never taken such a long break at Christmas so this year it was to be special.

Sitting in the car with the engine still running Andy had tried to call various family members who he had expected to be at home but he got none of his calls answered. He noticed a pick up leaving the nearest neighbour's driveway and turn onto the road heading past him. The vehicle appeared to be roaring off but it suddenly slammed to a halt, skidded all four drive wheels into reverse and hurtled briefly backwards before swinging into the same driveway as Andy's car.

In the rear view mirror, he watched the driver's door open and a slender young women, probably early to mid- twenties, with shoulder length blonde hair emerge. Andy pulled on his door handle and climbed out too to meet the visitor. "Hi, I'm Andy. I'm supposed to be visiting these folks. They're my family, but no one's home."

"Hi, I'm Kirsty, the new neighbour. Well, new-ish here but I've always lived round here abouts but I don't think we've met before. I reckon your family could've got delayed by the weather. There's some serious snow about according to the forecast. They might be a while. Ain't you got a key?"

Andy shook his head. "No, they expected to be here when I arrived. I've travelled out from the city."

Kirsty ran her hand through her blonde locks. "Wow! Long journey. And, they could be ages and there's no one home at my place either and I'm headed out, so I can't help you there. Actually, I'm going hunting and it's the last day of the season. Hey, you're welcome to tag along. I like company when I go shooting. I've only got my one gun though."

Andy hesitated then he looked at Kirsty with a more male eye. She was an attractive girl, her looks not spoilt by the one inch scar on her cheek. Her slim body was swathed in her hunting clothes but they still left her sexily alluring. Her jacket was not zipped right up, leaving a tantalising amount of flesh on display below her neck line.

To add to the persuasion, Kirsty offered boots and a jacket which only served to remind Andy that he had brought his with him.

"I've got a hide in Miller's Woods and I've a cabin a bit further in. I've got supplies there and some more in the pick up if we need feedin'." Kirsty added.

For Andy, spending some time with this girl was of greater interest than hunting but perhaps it didn't matter what the activity was, so long as he could be with her. So, after some mock hesitation he agreed to go along. 

They sorted the clothes, boots and some bits of kit. Andy sent some texts to his family and left a note too. He took his phone with him but he realised there was not much battery charge left.

Kirsty drove like a mad thing, claiming that she was late setting out and there was not too much daylight left. She hoped to get a deer or two to freeze for Winter. They chatted as she drove, Andy telling her about his job in the city, boring though it really was, Kirsty telling him that she was hunting for work as well as deer. "Being out of work means at least I can go hunting. and I love it. Most girls like me don't bother with it but I really like it - and I'm quite good."

Andy told her that he had lived in the city for more than twelve years now, going there after finishing college so he had lost touch with a lot of the country ways of life. "I haven't come back home too often either, so this year I've made a special effort for a family Christmas."

Half an hour later, Kirsty turned the pick up onto a track that led to some woods. There were a few flakes of snow starting to fall now but Kirsty assured Andy that it wouldn't be a problem. About a mile down the track, Kirsty pulled up and announced that they were near to her hide. Clothing themselves for the weather then loading themselves up with equipment and the rifle, they set out with Kirsty leading the way. Talking quietly, Kirsty pointed out aspects of the woods that suggested there had been deer around recently. She stopped and asked Andy if he could see the hide yet. After scanning the woods ahead, he told her that he couldn't see it. She walked on and was very soon opening a crude structure made from thin branches and some living saplings. There was a sloping roof, also made of branches, woven through a frame. Inside, there was enough height to stand upright and two small viewing panels that looked out onto a clearing about seventy yards distant. 

Kirsty organised things, briefing Andy on some of the 'dos and don'ts' for the session. Having got everything sorted, her final act was to remove her rifle from its canvas bag. She impressed Andy with her handling of the weapon and it caused him to notice her dainty hands with their slender fingers. Now they could only talk in whispers and Kirsty's eyes were on the clearing ahead, hoping to see some deer arrive. Andy took the opportunity to look more closely at the girl, noting her small ears, her striking blue eyes and her looks in profile which he could now see were even more attractive than he had first realised.

With a hand signal and a touch on her cheek, he managed to get Kirsty to understand that he was asking about the scar on her face. "Hunting accident, I was a bit careless with my knife. I hate that scar!" she whispered. Andy could see that it was a neat wound not jagged as it easily could have been and the stitch marks were delicate and neat. As such, it did not detract from her looks, rather it was almost enhancing them.

After they had been waiting in the hide for over an hour, Kirsty turned to Andy. "Hey, I'm gonna need to pee. I'm gonna squat here rather that cause a disturbance out there. You okay with that? If I go out there I'll disturb any deer that might be about."

Andy looked at her incredulously. "You're gonna pee here - now!" he whispered.

"I have to!" she whispered back with urgency. "And we are in the country now." 

Andy shrugged and realised that Kirsty had not actually asked him to look away. As he watched, Kirsty lowered her jeans and then her panties, squatting as she did. She still didn't ask him to look away and he didn't offer. He liked the shapely naked thighs that he could now see. He heard the unmistakeable sound and spotted the yellow trickle which luckily flowed straight out of the back of the hide. After what seemed a long squat, Kirsty stood up, pulling her panties up at the same time but she still managed to give Andy a teasing glimpse of her bush as it got tucked away inside her clothes again. He thought he got the impression of quite a plump mound and could see the shade of pubes almost matched her blonde hair and that they were probably untrimmed. 

"I don't think any woman I only just met has ever done that in front of me before." He whispered, not going on to say that he had found the experience very sensual, which he had. He realised that it was the first time such an act had excited him.

"I come from a hunting family. It happens! My dad taught me, my brothers don't bother about me doing it." she replied, unabashed by her display. Andy suddenly had an image of some guys standing around watching their sister pissing in the woods - and how did her father teach her that, he wondered, again with images appearing in his mind.

The snow was falling more heavily now and there was sufficient wind to cause it to swirl around. What Andy did not realise, after so many years of city life, was that the tree canopy was holding a lot of the falling snow and that it was falling more heavily than he could actually see. 

Kirsty's hand pressed softly on Andy's forearm, indicating that there was something happening out there. Andy's eyes darted around the clearing and he detected some movement. Two deer were gingerly stepping out of the trees keeping all of their senses on full alert. Kirsty slowly raised the gun, easing the sight up to her eye. Andy realised he was holding his breath. He also realised that, bizarrely, he was getting an erection. He knew it was not the prospect of an animal dying that was causing it. He was too soft and cared too much about animals for that to be the case. He knew that it was watching this lovely girl skilfully handle a weapon that was causing his arousal.

He stared at the rifle, focussing on Kirsty's trigger finger. It was squeezing with such deft control, preparing to fire that bullet once Kirsty's eye saw what it needed to see through the sights. He braced for the loud crack of the gun firing. He still drew no breath. He was still stiffening.

The finger smoothly fired the rifle. The shot rang out setting off a ringing in their ears. The snow that had settled on the hide shook and showered them both in tiny flecks of ice. Smoke drifted into the hide from the dangerous end of the barrel.

"Fuck!" hissed Kirsty and Andy quickly looked out to see the tails of the deer bobbing off into the trees. "Too fucking high, dammit!" Kirsty bemoaned. 

"Well, there'll be another chance!" Andy tried to console her.

"We'll have to wait ages!" Kirsty replied.

"That's okay - isn't it?" Andy offered.

"S'pose!" she replied, still annoyed with her shot. 

They took the opportunity to move about to loosen up after the long period of stillness. Then Kirsty brought them back under her orders, waiting quietly with little movement again.

As they stared out, they could see the snow falling more heavily now, the large flakes swirling then carpeting the clearing. They waited for almost an hour before Kirsty raised concerns about the snow. 

"I reckon we need to give up for the day. That snow looks to be getting worse." Kirsty announced in a matter of fact manner. They gathered everything together and set off back to the pick up. 

They talked as they strode through the trees, occasionally kicking through small deep pockets of snow. "You seem quite fit for a city guy." Kirsty commented.

"Well, I jog and do gym so I'm in reasonable shape." he replied with a hint of arrogance. In fact, he hated all the exercise but stuck to it to keep himself fit for the ladies. He was still playing the field and enjoying it.

As they got nearer to the edge of the woods, the snow was falling decidedly more heavily and they were stumbling through deeper patches on the ground. They saw the tree line and the lighter horizon beyond. 

As they arrived at the pick up, Kirsty exclaimed "Shit! We ain't gonna get through that!" gesturing at the snow covered track.

Andy's eyes widened as he took in the white vista. "It's not so deep, is it?" he queried. "Not for this truck, surely?"

"Deep enough! The track's got ditches both sides and I can't tell where they are now the snow's drifted." Kirsty told him. 

"But you're gonna try, right?" said Andy.

"I can't risk putting this thing into a ditch! " she told him excitedly. "We'll have to head for the cabin. Stay there the night."

"Stay in a cabin - in the woods - in Winter - in this snow!" Andy exclaimed.

"Hey, you're welcome to walk - on your own!" Kirsty offered.

Andy realised that he had no real reason to get home tonight. There was plenty of time to see the family. And it was slowly dawning on him that he'd be staying out alone with this lovely girl - the one who gave him an erection just by firing a rifle. "You're right! It'd be mad to try to drive through that. How far's this cabin?"

"Not far!" said Kirsty, not answering his question at all really. 

They sorted out the equipment, rationalising what they needed to take. Kirsty decided to lock her rifle in a steel box in the trunk of the pick up. They sorted out the food and some other bits and pieces. Before they set off, Andy remembered his phone. Now it was showing the battery was about to die. He quickly rattled off a text to his mother. "Trapped by snow. Staying cabin in Millers Wood C U tom A"

They strode back into the wood, Kirsty navigating confidently. They walked and talked, Kirsty explaining about the cabin, what was in it and promising everything would be fine. "The forecast reckoned it'll be warmer tomorrow so the snow could be gone soon enough." she told Andy. 

Now they walked along together on what might have been a small track if they could actually see under the snow. They talked happily now, the earlier tensions gone and Andy now looked forward to them being alone in the relative shelter of this cabin. 

"Careful here!" Kirsty warned - but not soon enough. Suddenly they were both sliding down a small bank. As their arms flailed and feet skidded, they dropped into icy shallow water, their momentum pushing them on to fall into a snow covered pool.

They both clambered out of the shallow pool, saturated all down their fronts. Luckily the bag with the food supplies in had been thrown clear by Kirsty. They stood up, gasping with the shock of the cold water which had reached through to the skin. Opened mouthed, they stared at each other, temporarily speechless. Kirsty broke the silence. "Shit! That was never flooded before. We need to get to the cabin and quick. We could freeze."

The two of them gathered their things together and Kirsty led the way. After ten more minutes of struggling through the snow, Andy saw the cabin up ahead. It was built traditionally from pine trunks and looked about twelve feet by twelve with a sloping roof, now snow covered. Kirsty was soon unlocking the door. Inside, the cabin was well prepared for rapid and urgent occupancy. The pot belly stove was already laid and just needed lighting. There were plenty of matches stored there. Kirsty swung into action, lighting an old worn oil lantern and then the stove. 

Looking around, Andy noticed plenty of dry fire wood, a container filled with water, a kettle and a pan, some tin mugs and plates. There was a bed, an old wide single bed, about four feet or so . Just one chair and a small table completed the furniture except for a cupboard with two doors, one of which had a keyhole. He also spotted some curious notches in the wooden beam over the door which were a lot newer than the rest of the cabin. 

Once the fire in the stove was giving off heat, Kirsty said "We need to get out of these wet things now. We can get them dried by the stove by morning. We can't stay in wet clothes and there's no spares here. I've got two blankets we can wrap in before we turn in. No need to be shy. I'm a big girl, I've seen a naked man before and this is an emergency, Andy."

They began struggling out of the wet things, helping each other when needed. Jackets came off quite easily. Sweaters put up a fight. Shirts were tricky too. They paused at that point and Andy's eyes got glued to Kirsty's sports bra. The water from the pool had reached that far and the wet white fabric clearly showed her nipples which he thought were large considering the size of her breasts.

They both started on trousers, pulling the wet legs off with difficulty, eventually tugging each trouser leg from the other person. Practically exhausted, they stood by the stove, Andy wearing just wet boxers and Kirsty in wet panties and sports bra.

"These need to come off too!" said Kirsty. Andy looked at her, lost for words. She added "Hey, we're adults. I'm okay with you seeing me. My dad and brothers never bother but if you're too shy, wrap the blanket around you then take them off." With that, Kirsty pulled her sports bra off and lowered her panties. She glared at Andy and said "If you're gonna just stare at my tits and pussy, you can drop your boxers now!" Her tits were small but lovely in shape, with erect nipples and large areolae. Her pussy was covered by the untrimmed bush of a blonde to light brown colour. Andy saw that she had a great ass too, lovely small pert cheeks. Realising he could get a hard on quite easily, Andy grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around himself before slipping out of his boxers. Kirsty very slowly followed suit with her blanket, as though she was showing herself to Andy first, despite her earlier words.

The wet clothes were hung around half of the stove to dry and they soon had steam rising off them. Kirsty kept tending to them, turning them to keep them drying . In between all that she unlocked the cupboard and pulled out two tins of beef stew. Her bag from the pick up had bread, cookies and some peanut M&Ms. She set about heating the stew and serving it with hunks of bread torn from the loaf. The blanket fell off her several times and on each occasion Andy got an eyeful of Kirsty's delights. He realised that she was not rushing to cover up and that sometimes her bending was giving him graphic views of her proud pussy lips. 

They ate the hot hearty meal, chatting in bursts and each pausing for thought. 

Over some cookies and the M&Ms, Andy asked Kirsty about her brothers. She had three. He drew out of her that if she stayed out here when hunting with any of them, they weren't too fussy if it came to seeing each other without clothes. "We don't sleep in our hunting clothes, you know!" she told him. Again, he had pictures forming in his mind. 

Then Andy took the opportunity to ask about the notches over the door. Kirsty said that they each represented a hunting kill she had made, Andy counted them. There were fifteen.

"I gotta pee before we go to bed." Kirsty announced. 

"You going out there?" Andy asked.

"Hell no! Not in that weather! We use an indoor thing." With that she pulled an old bucket from under the bed. She looked at Andy, almost making it look like she was checking that he was watching her - and he was. At that, she flung the blanket onto the bed and squatted over the bucket and let flow. Andy was finding himself admitting privately that he now got a bit of a buzz from Kirsty's peeing antics - which he'd never felt with anyone before. He offered to empty the bucket outside and took the opportunity to relieve himself, almost wishing Kirsty would want to watch him. It was still snowing but not as heavily now.

Having eaten there was little else to do but turn in. Kirsty loaded the stove with more wood and re-arranged the drying clothes again. By now the cabin was very warm despite the draughts from the door and sole window. "Our clothes'll be dry by morning, I reckon." she told Andy.

"The bed is narrow for two!" Andy said, hoping that Kirsty would confirm that it would be fine for both of them. He got the answer he wanted but not in the way he expected. 

"Me and daddy find it big enough!" she casually replied. 

Trying to be as casual, Andy replied "Oh, I see. I guess you two wouldn't be naked though."

"Well, mostly we would. We wouldn't bring pyjamas out here, would we. Besides, it gets hot in here in Summer!"

Andy couldn't decided if he was being ribbed so he left it but not before his curiosity made him ask the inevitable next question.

"I suppose you sleep naked with your brothers then?" he asked in as matter of fact manner as he could.

"Only here. At home we do wear pyjamas. Normal enough ain't it?"

Andy was part shocked, part thrilled without understanding why.

There were just the two blankets so they awkwardly arranged themselves on the bed and spread the blankets one on top of the other to get maximum warmth. Andy did his best to keep himself out of Kirsty's view but she certainly saw more than flashes of his cock and balls. He was conscious that he was fully shaven, something he had recently taken to, liking how it felt - and that he was semi-erect. Kirsty was not self-conscious at all and Andy saw everything and quite close up views at that. Andy was aroused by the predicament they were in but not sure how or whether to try anything with Kirsty. She had shown her body but there had been no suggestions about sex. it seemed that such behaviour was normal in her family. They talked a while about what the morning would likely hold for them.
