 I met her at work. Her name is Kirsten, and she turned out to be the best lover that I ever had.

I was working one night at the hospital where I work as an orderly, and I got a call from my supervisor. She told me that I was training a new orderly starting tomorrow, and that I was to show her the ropes real fast as we were now short an orderly because one had just quit.

I told my boss to tell the new person to meet me at the staff door at 3:00 p.m. So that I could show them around and get them started.

The next day I was standing having a smoke when this short cute girl walked up to me and said "Are you Tim?

I said "Yes and you are?

She responded, "I am Kirsten, the new orderly."

I looked at her and thought this girl will never be able to do this job, she is too small and Christ she must be 18 years old. Was I ever wrong. She took to the job real quick and she could work just as hard and do everything that I could do. We worked well together and soon we worked as a real team.

She was a bit of minx and would tease me all the time. She would wiggle her ass at me, and blow me kisses when we were leaving work. She even grabbed my ass a couple of times when we were alone in an elevator or something like that.

The first time she did that, I told her that if she could do it to me then that left the door open for me to do it to her. She responded, "Anytime you want."

One day we were working in the store room putting stuff away and I was standing behind her helping her put a heavy box on shelf above her head. When we got it up she pushed back against me and wiggled her ass on my leg. As she did she moaned, and then giggled.

Well the fooling around gave me plenty of stuff to dream about at night. She was cute and loved to tease.

About three months in we were called to the ER one night. When we got there we were informed that there was a major accident on the freeway and we were going to get slammed. I knew what to expect and told Kirsten that we were just to stay out of the way and run for anything that they needed. It was going to get crazy in a hurry.

About ten minutes later, the ambulances started to arrive and we ended up with 12 people in the trauma rooms. The doctors and nurses were screaming orders and everything was chaos. It went on for a couple of hours and unfortunately we ended up losing 9 of the people. Two of them were kids under six.

After the shift was over Kirsten looked really messed up and I asked her if she wanted to get a drink before going home. She agreed and we headed for the nearest bar.

After we got our drinks, we sat at a table and she asked, "How do you handle it? I mean nine people dead and two of them kids, and you just seemed to keep going and not even notice."

I told her, " It bothers me but I hold it in till later. Once things settle down I let it out in my own way. You have to learn to control it or it will eat you up and destroy you."

We talked for about an hour and she seemed to be better. I gave her a lift home and as she was getting out of my car, I gave her my number and told her to call if she needed to talk.

Thank God, we were both off the next day. I slept till about ten and was puttering about the house when she called.

I talked to her for a few minutes, and she asked if she could come over because she needed to talk again. I told her to come over and gave her my address.

She lives just a few blocks from me and was there in about ten minutes. When she got there she looked a whole lot better than she had the night before. When she came in to the apartment, she said, "I need a hug, a long strong hug." I wrapped my arms around her and just held her. She sighed and just stayed in my arms.

After hugging her for about five minutes, I let her go and she pulled my face down and gave me a kiss. "Thank you, I needed that so bad. My boyfriend is a bit of jerk when it comes to things like that. He just says suck it up and forget about it."

I told her, " Never forget about it, but put it away until you can deal with it."

She just came over and gave me another hug. I wrapped my arms around her again and just held her. She looked up into my face and I think we just knew that we would kiss. When we did it was a long passionate kiss that was everything a man could want.

We kept kissing and her hands started to rub my ass and were soon squeezing it. I started to rub and squeeze hers and she was kissing me harder and harder. 

When our kiss finally broke, she said, "Take me to bed, I want you."

I never said a word and just led her to the bedroom. When we got there we started to neck and were pulling each others clothes off in a panic. When we were naked we fell on the bed and started to carress each other and our hands were roaming every where and it seemed all at the same time.

We finally broke our kiss and she said, "It is just going to be oral, I won't have intercourse with you, that is for my boyfriend." With that she kissed her way to my cock and started to give me the best blowjob I had ever had. She licked my cock from one end to the other nibbling at times, kissing at times and finally she sucked it into her mouth. She had a small mouth and it took time but she got it all in. She was amazing, taking me close and then let me go down and bringing me up again and letting me down, she did this for about ten minutes, and I was about to scream when she finally took me over the top. I came hard and she sucked every last drop out of me. 

When she finished me off she climbed up and kiss me. I knew that I was going to eat this babe till she came at least three times. I wanted to taste her pussy so much.

I kissed my way to her pussy spending about ten minutes on her tits. I finally got to her pussy and the smell was amazing. It had a bit of musky odor but was so heavenly I just dived right in. I started to lick her labia and she was soon squirming. I licked my way to her clit and sucked it hard. She was now starting to moan. It didn't take much longer and she was cumming hard holding my head against her pussy. I just kept sucking and she finally started to come down and relax again.

I conitnued to eat her and she came about three more times. When I was finished I climbed back up and kisses her hard and deep.

She looked at me and said, "We should do this again."

I told her, "Anytime."

Well she left but we set another oral date. We continued to have oral sex about five or six times a month. This went on for about four months and I couldn't be happier. The only thing was that I wanted to fuck her so bad. I knew she would be tight as I had felt how tight she was when I had fingers in her.

Well, I finally got my wish. One day, after she had given me her usual amazing blowjob, she climbed back up and she straddled me. She was rubbing her pussy up and down my cock and I could feel it getting real wet.

She told me that she had cum while she was sucking me. She laid down on top of me and whispered in my ear, "I want you to fuck me, long, deep, hard, and fill me with cum."

I just looked at her and she smiled and rolled over and pulled me on top of her. I figured, I had better get started just in case she changed her mind. I lifted her legs at the knees and I put my cock at the opening to her pussy. I started to try and slide in and she was so tight that I could hardly push in. I looked at her and told her I was going to need help.

I grabbed some lube and greased my self up. I put a little on her pussy to help me get in. I started to try again and I got the head of my cock in. Fuck she was tight. She said to keep going. So I started to push and it took a bit but I finally got all the way in. 

I just laid there for a few seconds until she adjusted to me being in her. She said, "Go for it, fuck me hard."

I started slowly until I could slide in and out a little easier, soon though I was pounding into her and she was egging me on.

"Fuck me hard baby, give me that cock, drive it in, oh yeah, hard baby, give it all to me, tear me apart with that cock of yours."

I pounded into her for quite a while, and she kept telling me more. Finally she started to really moan and she came hard, wrapping her legs around me and holding me in. She screamed so loud I thought that the neighbours might hear. She came so hard that her juices squirted out around me.

When she finally came down, I started to pound again, I was going to fill her with my cum. It didn't take long and I soon felt my balls tighten and I started to fire into her.

She said, "yeah babe fill me with your man seed, give me all of your cum, shoot it right up into my belly, I want it dripping out of me when you pull out." I don't know but I think that kept me cumming as I shot one of the biggest loads I had ever shot. I thought I was going to shoot my balls out of my cock.

When we finally got out breath, and I had slipped out of her when I got soft, she said, "God that was good. We are going to do that again, and again and again."

I just nodded, and we just curled up and slept for about two hours. We ended up fucking the night away, and in the morning when she was leaving, she said. "The asshole boyfriend left me a week ago, so I am you fuck toy from here on in. Fuck me like that and I will let you do anything you want."

I just grabbed her and kisses her hard and fingered her to one more orgasam.

The fucking continues.