 Kirstin, Anna and Ella had all spen the early part of their lives in Skandanavia and as a result of this were much more comfortable about their own bodies and nudity among family and friends than was normal in England. Dave had spent enough time there that he had gotten used to this and as an adult had often spent time in the Sauna with Kirstin and her husband before he died in a car crash and also Ella and her parents who had tragically died of Cancer within a few months of each other. That was just after Ella's sixteenth birthday. 

Ella's parents having no other family of their own had asked if after their death's Dave would take on the parental role with Ella, even though, as she was over sixteen there was no need to jump through any legal hoops to do this. Dave had lost his own partner to cancer as well so he was well placed to understand some of what Ella must have gone through.

It was natural that Ella and Anna should spend a lot of time with each other as their native languages were similar enough that they could converse in them without difficulty. Living in a small village, it was also not surprising that Dave who spoke passable Norweigan should end up spending time with Kirstin.

All four had often seen each other naked but it had never been about sex, even when as happened occasionally Dave did sport an impressive hard on. Indeed the two girls were virgins, unlike most of their contempories, giving the lie to the myth that their attitude to nudity meant they were also promiscuous.

This was some felt inevitably going to change one day and sure enough, they were right.

On the day in question the two eighteen year old girls were in one room and Dave and Kirstin were in another where he was sorting out something to do with her computer. Needless to say birthday suits were the dress of choice as the Swedish made woodstove was pushing out enough heat to make anything else less than comfortable.

Ella and Anna were in Anna's room looking through some copies of, "More" magazine. As any British readers below a certain age will be aware, sex is a major topic in this teenage publication and it was not long before there was a lot of giggling over, "position of the fortnight."

"Do you think Dave and your mum could manage this one."

"That is gross!" Anna was quick to show that even among the more liberated, the idea of one's parents having sex does not go down easilly.

"Why? Dave has probably got the nicest looking penis I have seen. I wouldn't mind him being my first."

Anna stopped to think about her prejudice for a moment. "I guess you are right, I wouldn't mind either but I just don't like to think about mum fucking."

What neither of the youngsters was aware of was that the adults were in the room next to them and could hear every word they were saying.

Kirstin grinned and put a finger to her lips as one of the girls read out the description of a particularly athletic position. "Do you want to try that one?" She whispered.

"Or perhaps I could taste you first to get you warmed up?"

"Or a sixtynine? First one to cum does the dishes tonight?"

"Your'e on!"

Dave was not above a little bit of cheating and once Kirstin was lying on the bed he kissed his way down her body, spending a not inconsiderable amount of time on her breasts and nipples before moving on to the main event. By the time he got there, Kirstin was very wet and Dave enjoyed the taste of her fresh juices. She had showered shortly before he arrived. He forced himself to concentrate on what he was doing and not on the sensation of Kirstin's mouth on his dick. 

Dave didn't go for her clitoris right away but spent about five minutes, licking and sucking on the skin around Kirstin's vagina. Only then did he start pushing inside her with his tongue. This was his speciality, over the years he spent with his partner, he had built up the muscles in his tongue till he could push inside her tightness. He was one of the few men who really could give a woman a tongue-fucking. 

After doing this for a while he then moved on to the sensitive bud at the apex of her flower. As he sucked this into his mouth his fingers replaced his tongue and sought out Kirstin's G-spot.

When he found it, any idea of keeping their activity secret from the teenagers went right out of the window and probably into the window of the house on the other side of the road, even though both were closed at the time.

In the room next door, at least metaphorically, Ella's ears pricked up. She had never heard Kirstin swear before but in the throes of an impending orgasm she was Ella had to admit, remarkably elequent. 

If Ella looked surprised, then Anna was totally gob smacked! "Do you think they are trying that position?" The incredulity in her voice would have been evident to anyone hearing her. At least her mothers cries would prevent her or Dave from hearing her.

Ella was about to answer when a final cry signalled Kirstin's climax. A moment later, she heard Dave's soft voice ask, "Do you want to try that position now?"

"Fuck yes!"

Ella's eyes took on a distant look as she pictured the scene next door in her mind. Dave would be standing, legs slightly apart and crouching, allowing Kirstin to lower herself down onto his pole before locking her legs around his waist and leaning back to push on the ground with her hands above her head. Her right hand had made it's way down to play with her own snatch as she imagined Dave taking her cherry.

Next door, Dave was laughing as his hands gripped Kirstin's ass cheeks while his hips moved backwards and forwards in an easy rhythm. "So much for keeping quiet."

"It's good for her to know her mother isn't past it." This last said loudly enough that Anna had to have heard it. As she heard Ella laugh in response, Anna showed that the power yoga classes she had been attending three times a week for the last five years had done some good. She lifted one arm, supporting herself on the other hand while her left started to stroke her clitoris. 

Dave took that as a cue to speed up a little. "God, that looks so hot seeing you do that."

Kirstin, approaching her second orgasm didn't reply but changed arms to support herself before speeding up the stroking of her nub. Dave started to pull Kirstin in tighter to his crotch with each thrust. Kirstin then placed her feet on Dave's calves and with a push used her stomach muscles to pull herself up. "bite my nipples!"

Dave did so, straightening and bending his legs to keep up the momentum towards his own explosion. Kirstin's came first and this pushed him over the top. At the same time, next door, Ella brought herself to a satisfying conclusion, her breathing slowly returning to normal once her pussy had stopped contracting.

"It would be soo good to have Dave for my first time." Ella didn't care by now if she was heard, in fact she wanted Dave to hear her......

Should I follow this up? What direction should it take? Should Dave take the cherrries of the two teenagers? Let me know what you think.