 I looked at the clock again for the millionth time, and still had an hour to go. I stripped off my clothes and took a shower. My hands moved across my body and before I knew what I was doing I was fucking a finger in my pussy and I was cumming. 

I stepped out of the shower, dried off and went to lay on my bed to wait. It was almost 1 am and I was so hot from that fucking he gave me earlier, and making myself cum while in the shower didn't help much. I lay back on the bed , and started rubbing my clit and slipping a finger or two in my pussy faster and faster. 

The phone rang just then and I picked it up, but didn't stop my fingers.

"Hi baby, I'll be there as soon as I can get away from my wife. Mmmmm, can't wait." he said.

"Oh hurry please I need you, I'm so fucking horny right now" I said.

I started rubbing my pussy again only harder and faster, I couldn't help my self. I was so hot just thinking about him. He knocked softly so not to wake the other people, hearing something he pushed open the door, and softly closed it behind him. He followed the sounds of her moans, and stood watching her finger fucking her self.

He slipped off his robe and leaned again the door frame and stroking his cock and watching her. Soon he was hard and throbbing. Pushing away from the door frame he walk over to the bed .

"I see you couldn't wait for me" smiling, he crawled onto the bed above her.

Moving up to slide his throbbing cock between her nice big tit's. "Mmmmm feels good, baby" he moaned.

Every time he moved forward I would lick the tip of his cock. Till I had the head in my mouth, sucking gently.

Slowly he moved down my body, sucking a nipple in his mouth, then moving to the other one before moving down sliding his tongue into my pussy. And his finger rubbed against my asshole, making me groan

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!! I grasped. smiling I pulled him down on top of me.

His arms wrapped around me and rolled me on top. His hands moves down between my hot thighs. sending hot streaks of need to my pussy. Finger sliding inside my pussy.

"Mmmmm, hot, wet, and all mine" he whispered.

I moved my hand down, wrapping it around his hard cock. making him groan. Slowly I stroke his cock. I pulled him up to my tit's, his balls resting between my tit's and I licked the tip of his cock, taking the head into my mouth and sucking on it.

"Oh god, yes, suck my cock" he groaned.

He lifted his hips above my face, and his face was at my pussy, as I licked the tip and slid down the length of his shaft, remembering each and every ridge, vain, and felt each jerk he made. Then I licked and sucked each ball in my mouth, savoring the taste. Sucking his cock made me so hot, I wanted to see how far he'd let me go.

Pushing his legs wider, I move my tongue up to lick his ass, and felt his asshole pucker as the tip of my tongue touch it.

"OH SWEET FUCKING GOD, YESSSSSSSS, SUCK MY ASS" he cried out.

I move my tongue up and down his ass crack, listening to his groans and moans.

I moved my mouth back up and sucked his cock deep into my throat, at the same time I slip a finger up his ass.

I felt his groan though out my pussy.

His mouth never stop on my pussy, and I knew I was close to cumming. So I sucked him harder and faster, wanting him to cum with me. 

Minutes later I felt him cumming, and that pushed me over the edge.

We lay there slowly coming back down to earth.

He moved onto his back breathing hard, he was still hard and throbbing , he pulled her above him to his thighs. 

"RIDE ME!!" he cried out as he thrust up into my pussy.

Holding my hips still he moved fast and hard into me. I tried meeting each thrust soon I just held on for the hard ride he was given to me.

"OH!! GOD!! YESSSSSSSSSSSS, AAAAAAGGGGHHH!!......I'M CUMMINGGGGGGGGG!!" I screamed, slamming my pussy down on him.

Knowing that he would never get enough of her he had to take a chance and ask her. 

"Do you live around here?" 

I told him no, and what town I was from. That I was just here on business and I had to leave around 11 am in the morning.

"Your kidding, you live there, So do I. You think we could get together sometime." he asked. 

I smiled and nodded my head yes I wanted to see him again. I watched his eyes light up and he climbed on top of me and took my mouth in a hard deep kiss. Then I felt his still hard cock slowly slid into my pussy again.

And we were off to round three of our night of love making.