 She sat at her desk, doing what appeared to be busy work, watching the seconds and minutes tick by. Her clock read just after 5, as people drifted by her on their way home. She got the standard good byes and good nights and a few "What are you still doing here?" comments and a "Save some for tomorrow?" parting shot. The last of the stragglers plodded past her desk at 5:30 with an inaudible grunt of "Good bye, see you tomorrow." Her heart started beating a little quicker now, she had been thinking about this moment since late the night before, when she could not sleep. She had decided on the outfit that she wore late that night too. It was a white blouse, very professional, and a flowing black skirt, mid thigh in length. She liked the way the skirt brushed her thighs when she walked. She also wore black thigh highs and black high heel shoes.

She got up from her desk, took a few deep breaths, and made her way down the hall to his office. His door was open and he was sitting at his desk as she stepped into the doorway. She tapped on the open door and he lifted his head up, a smile curling the edges of his mouth. 

"Hi there," he said as his eyes met hers. 

"I wanted to come tell you good night," she said, a sly grin creeping across her mouth. 

"Well, good night," he said. 

"Not so fast," she said, taking another step into the office, "I want a good night kiss."

"A good night kiss?" he asked, as he got up from his desk, "I think I can do that." 

He walked around his desk and across his office to where she stood. He put his arms around her waist as she put hers around his neck. He pulled her to him, bodies touching, chests, stomachs and thighs, as his lips found hers. They kissed softly at first, their lips moistening one another's, his hands gently massaging her back. Their lips parted simultaneously, the tips of their tongues greeting one another, dancing, and playing. They kissed deeper, tongues probing, hands exploring, bodies pressed closely together. Then, she broke their embrace, placing her hands on his chest, gently pushing him away. 

He looked into her eyes, smiling, and said "Good night."

She walked away from him toward the open door and said "Not so fast, I said a good night kiss, but I have my own kiss in mind." 

She swung the door shut and locked it. She walked past him and around his desk. She cleared off the top of it, not messing up his work, turned around and hopped up, sitting legs crossed, on his desk facing his chair. She twisted around and motioned for him to sit back down. He walked over to his chair, his eyes never leaving hers, and sat down in front of her. 

She leaned forward, elbow on knee and chin in hand and said, "Would you be so kind as to remove my shoes?"

She dangled her feet in front of him and he took them one by one, delicately removing her shoes and placing them on the floor. She sat up and motioned for him to scoot closer, and he did. She uncrossed her legs and placed one foot on each of his knees. 

"Now," she said, raising the hem of her skirt just a little so it was above the tops of her thigh highs, "please help me out of these," nodding her head at her stockings.

Starting with her right leg, he placed his hands, one on the outside of her thigh and one on the inside of her thigh, at the top of the stocking. She felt his soft touch send chills over her body as he slowly slid the thigh high down and off her foot. As he moved to her left, she opened her legs just a bit more, spreading his knees apart in the process. As he slipped of the left stocking, she just happened to notice just how much he was enjoying himself. Having completed his task, he looked up at her and smiled. She leaned forward, elbows on knees, chin in hands, pressing her feet wider, spreading his legs more as well as hers. 

"I want my good night kiss to start right here," she said, pointing now to a spot just inside her right knee on her thigh. He placed his left hand just on the outside of her right knee and with his right he gently caressed the spot where she had pointed. 

"Here?" he said; now tickling just a bit with his fingers. 

"Exactly," she replied. 

He slid his right hand a little higher on her inner thigh as he leaned forward, gently placing his lips on her spot of beginning. She felt his wet lips touch her skin; her spine tingled, her body becoming quite warm. He continued his kiss; she could feel his tongue lightly tapping her skin through his lips. 

He finished then looked up at her, "Mind if I move over here now?" touching her left knee now. 

"Go right ahead," she said, smiling. She knew she didn't have to explain her good night kiss anymore. She felt his hands find their spots, inner thigh and outer knee. She tilted her head back just a bit and closed her eyes, concentrating on the feeling. His lips touched her skin, so soft and moist, moving delicately back and forth his tongue, dancing and playing, just barely touching her.

Her body was reacting, she felt chills and tingles all over, she was already getting wet in anticipation of what was to come. Her nipples pushed at her bra, her heart was beating faster as she felt his hand slide higher on her thigh, and his lips close behind. He moved closer to her now, moving her legs so that they draped over his shoulders. She felt him toss the hem of her skirt high on her thighs. She now knew her decision not to wear panties was the right one. 

He continued kissing up her left inner thigh, slowly, deliberately, his hands sliding behind her, cupping her ass. She felt him squeeze his hands around her, pulling her closer to the edge of the desk, feeling his breath between her legs. She was on fire now, throbbing and soaking wet already, aching to feel his mouth and tongue between her legs. Eyes squeezed tightly together, she felt his mouth again fall on her right thigh, kissing, licking, higher and higher toward her waiting pussy. He kissed light little kisses all around the edges of her pussy, above and below, to the right and to the left, his breath so hot between her legs. She locked her feet around his neck, pulling him closer, urging him to kiss her where she wanted to be kissed. Her body trembling and aching for her good night kiss.

Her breath caught in her throat, she gasped, her eyes opened briefly as she felt his lips fall onto hers. She closed her eyes again as she felt him begin to kiss her as though he was kissing her mouth. She felt his lips rubbing back and forth against hers, and then his tongue parted them probing deep inside her throbbing pussy. He used his hands to pull her closer to him, probing deeper and deeper, tasting her juices, feeling her lips swell against his. He stopped kissing and began to trace her with his tongue, gently sliding around the edges, then over her lips, around and around, tasting her, feeling he quivering under his tongue, her legs tightly wrapped around his neck. He could hear her moaning as his tongue found her clit, flicking it back and forth, feeling it grow hard. He pressed his tongue flat against it, and licked in hard upward motions. She felt the roughness of his tongue against her, her body aching now, completely on fire, her pussy throbbing with delight. 

He concentrated on her clit now, licking, nibbling and sucking on it, rolling it between his lips, feeling her rocking her hips against his mouth. He slipped his hands back in front and used his fingers to open her wide as he dipped his tongue deep inside her, tasting her, feeling her squeeze down on his tongue. He would go back and forth between her clit and plunging deep inside her, over and over. She felt her body shaking as he played with her, sucking her clit and plunging deep inside her. Her legs trembled, her muscles tensed as she rocked her hips. Her head was moving back and forth, she was biting her lip as she felt him concentrating completely on her clit. Licking, nibbling and sucking, continuously, hard and fast, then soft and slow, she was on fire, throbbing and aching, ready to come hard. Her legs tensed, pulling his mouth hard too her, her breath stopped as her body shook hard. She came hard, lying back on the desk, her legs wrapped tightly around his neck. He played lightly as she came, sending chills all through her body. Still trembling and quivering, she lay there, breathing hard, her heart beating fast. His hands were on her thighs, lightly caressing and softly tickling.

She slowly eased back up into a sitting position. Her legs slid off his shoulders, her feet finding his knees again. She smiled at him, gently pushed against his shoulders and he rolled away from the desk. He had a puzzled look on his face as she hopped off the desk. She gathered her thigh highs, picked up her shoes and fixed her skirt. She walked to the door and unlocked it. 

As she opened it, she turned to him and said with a grin, "Tomorrow, I'll kiss you good night," and left, closing the door behind her.