 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

*****

I'd caught a ride over to the client meeting with a coworker, but he was heading to another meeting afterward, nowhere near our office, so I was hoping to bum a ride to the light rail station. I knew Cindy had been invited to the meeting but I wasn't sure if she was attending or calling in. If she was attending, I hoped that I'd be able to bum a ride with her. She worked for another company but we were teamed on a project and I'd found that I liked working with her. It wasn't just because we'd developed a good rapport and had even flirted a little bit; she was cute and had a nice figure, so I'd definitely had some unsavory thoughts about her. Even though a ride to the light rail station would only take a few minutes, I knew I'd enjoy those few minutes with her.

She did end up attending the meeting and was happy to give me a ride to the light rail station so I was sure I'd be in a good mood for the rest of that day. Little did I know. She pulled into the parking lot and into the drop-off lane near the station but, before I climbed out, she read the sign that was along the curb.

"Kiss and ride?" she said, "What's that about?"

"I suppose they expect people who are being dropped off rather than parking," I replied, "are being dropped off by people who they want to kiss good-bye."

"Ah," she said, enlightened, "Well, rules are rules, I guess, right?"

I turned back toward her, not sure if I was hearing what I thought I was hearing. She wasn't exactly sitting there puckered up for me but she had a look that seemed sort of like she was optimistic that I was on the same page. One thing for sure was that I'd never turn down an opportunity to kiss Cindy so, as I started leaning toward her, she started leaning toward me and our lips met. This didn't end up being a quick smooch before I jumped out of the car; it quickly became pretty passionate and our tongues were soon in each other's mouths. I was really liking where this was going but, if all we did was make out, I was going to be pitching a tent in my Dockers when I headed for the train. Fortunately, she apparently wasn't going to be content with a brief make-out session, either.

"I like the kiss and ride concept," she finally said after pulling her mouth from mine, "but before you go off and ride, I need...more."

I pointed toward a parking garage on the other side of the light rail station that was for the nearby entertainment district and suggested she drive over there. At that time of the day, we should have our choice of parking spots, some of which I was sure would be secluded and hopefully in a poorly-lit area. She drove over and up until we saw a spot that we both agreed would work. She backed in so that we'd be able to see if anyone was around then we climbed into the back seat of her company's SUV. The back seat was wide and spacious and we quickly had our arms around each other and went back to making out passionately. I brought my hand up to cup her small breast through her blouse, finding her hard nipple pushing against the material. Her hand dropped to my lap and massaged the rigid bulge she found there.

We stopped making out when she put both hands to work on unbuckling my belt and getting my pants open. She reached into my briefs to extract my throbbing tool so I pushed both my pants and briefs down to my knees. She pumped it in her hand then lowered her head and wrapped her lips around my shaft, sliding them up and down a couple of times.

"I want to ride it," she said when she released it from her mouth and raised her head, so I started to push up the hem of her skirt. I couldn't resist her long, thin legs and lowered my head to kiss along her smooth inner thighs as her skirt moved higher and exposed more. She spread her legs as my lips got close to her panties, so I just pulled them to the side, exposing a trim, light brown bush before running my tongue along her slit. She moaned as I slurped up the juices she was producing, repeatedly lapping at her pussy before focusing on her clit. I slipped a couple of fingers into her as I licked and sucked her clit, causing her to moan even louder as she grabbed my head and started humping toward my face. Her pussy was incredibly wet and hot when I started eating her and actually somehow was becoming even more so the longer I devoured it. I knew that slipping my cock into her was going to feel amazing.

When she started tensing up a bit, I knew she was close to cumming. I didn't try to get her there faster even though I was anxious to have her ride my cock; I just kept up what I was doing, trying to make sure she experienced as much pleasure as possible. She let out a cry as she started to cum and her body started shaking. Her pussy was flooded with even more lubrication as she rode out her orgasm which, as I'd hoped, appeared to be not only long but intensely pleasurable, as well. I continued eating her until she'd gone still and let out a sigh, then raised my head and slipped my fingers from her pussy into my mouth. She didn't take any time to recover and, as I was straightening up while sucking my fingers, she was sitting up and sliding her panties off. My cock was standing straight up from my lap as I sat back in the middle of the seat and she moved to straddle me while reaching for it once her panties were set aside.

We both moaned as she lowered herself onto my cock, my hands now on her waist to help steady her. As she sat on my cock for a moment, I took the opportunity to slip my hands around to her ass. I caressed her soft, smooth cheeks since her skirt was up around her waist, continuing to do so as she started to slowly move up and down on my cock. Her pussy felt outstanding, just as I'd expected it would, being so hot and wet. We had started making out as she gradually increased her pace, riding me harder and faster but not so much that it would become difficult to continue exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. My hands remained on her ass at first but eventually I brought them between us and unbuttoned her blouse. I caressed her tits and hard nipples through her bra then unfastened the convenient front clasp and got my hands on her bare flesh. Her tits were small and perky and her nipples were hard so my hands were caressing the soft, smooth flesh and brushing over her hard nipples.

I'm not even sure how many meetings I'd sat in with Cindy, stealing glances at the swell of her tits or her ass clad in a snug skirt. I don't believe, despite the unsavory thoughts, that I ever would have expected to be fondling her bare tits as she rode my cock. I was definitely savoring it, though, and hoping that it wouldn't be a one-time occurrence. Her pussy, incredibly hot and wet to begin with, was becoming even more so the longer she was riding me and it felt fantastic. I could feel the stirring of my orgasm but really hoped that she'd cum before I got anywhere close. She was continuing to ride me harder and faster and I was glad we were in a fairly large SUV so it wouldn't be visibly bouncing. She eventually pulled her mouth from mine and threw her head back, so I moved my hands down to her lower back to support her. With her blouse and bra open, I was able to watch her perky tits bouncing as she rode me.

I was pushing up into her each time she dropped onto my lap, continuing to relish the pleasure her pussy was providing. When she dropped down and didn't rise up again, it was only a moment later that she started shaking as she let out a cry. I felt relief in addition to all the pleasure knowing that I didn't have to worry about leaving her in the dust when I came. I hadn't been too close but my orgasm had definitely been imminent. She rode out an orgasm that appeared to me as long and pleasurable as the first had been, which I knew would bode well for potential future encounters. When she finally seemed to come back to Earth, she sat for a minute catching her breath and blinking away the fog brought on by her orgasm. She kissed me again then climbed off of my cock, but I wasn't worried even slightly that she was done with me.

She knelt beside me on the seat and lowered her head to my lap again, engulfing my throbbing cock in her hot mouth. She started moving her lips up and down my shaft as she gripped the base with one hand and pumped it gently. She definitely left nothing to be desired when it came to sucking cock and I could feel my orgasm beginning to build up again. I cupped her breast as she sucked me off, wanting to enjoy the feel of it in my hand while I had the opportunity. Mostly, though, I was savoring the feel of her talented mouth moving up and down my tool. Since she'd already cum twice, I was able to focus completely on my own pleasure and I got the sense that she was doing that, too. It definitely didn't feel like she was just trying to make sure I came; she was skilled enough that she was drawing out the pleasure I was feeling without making it feel like she was holding off my orgasm and denying me relief.

My cock was swelling even more as I was on the verge of cumming but Cindy remained unfazed and on task. Even when I started spurting into her mouth, her rhythm was not thrown off and she swallowed my load as she continued sucking me off. The level of pleasure was intense and again I was hoping that this would not be a one-time occurrence. I suspected that the two orgasms she'd experienced would help prevent that. Once I was completely spent, she let my cock fall from her mouth and straightened up.

"Good?" she asked.

"Fantastic!" I replied and kissed her. She sat back on her heels beside me on the seat, leaning forward a bit due to the low ceiling. She looked hot with her blouse and bra open, her skirt up around her waist and her panties sitting nearby. If we had been someplace where we had the time and the opportunity to get naked, I was sure I'd be ready to go again in no time. We were just going to have to find a way to make that happen.

"I have a feeling we're going to need a lot of coordination meetings for this project," she said as she was trying to get herself back together.

"I know what you mean," I replied as I pulled my briefs and pants up, "It'd be prudent of us to meet frequently to make sure everything stays on track."

We kissed again then each climbed out of the SUV on the same side so we could give each other the once over. Once we were both presentable, we climbed back in up front and headed out of the parking deck. When she pulled into the Kiss & Ride lane again, we kissed a bit more then I headed for the train platform.