 Lying in your arms, watching you as you sleep after our awesome lovemaking session, I untangle my limbs from yours as I make my way down your body with tender kisses. I position myself between your thighs, kneeling over you. I gaze at your limp dick resting on your groin still wet with our juices. 

My hand cradles your balls and I lean over to lick your shaft. Up to your tip and back down the underside. Licking our juices, cleaning you like a good "Kitty" should. You're not quite awake, but let out a long sigh. My tongue goes to work on the head of your cock. Flicking back and forth, sliding in and out of your hole, around the sensitive lip of your head. Down your shaft which is getting firmer. My fingertips caressing your balls, your juices begin to flow to your shaft. 

Sucking your balls gently, licking and sucking my way back to your tip. A drop of pre-cum glistens, just waiting for me to lap it up. I roll my tongue around the tip of your cock, sucking your pre-cum. Sliding the head of your cock in and out of my mouth – just the head – stroking your shaft. I am in heaven feeling you grow beneath my fingers. Your cock jumping and twitching; my lips kissing and sucking. Still sliding you in and out of my hot mouth, I gaze up to see you watching me. 

You smile, saying, "Suck my cock baby...yeah...it feels so good." 

I smile back, sliding up to kiss your lips for a brief second, and work my way back down to your twitching manhood. 

I grab your dick in my hand, begin stroking you, as I lower my head to flick my tongue across the tip. Around and around, in and out of your hole, stroking while I suck you into my mouth – just the head. In and out – slow at first – savoring your taste. Your hips begin to push up towards me, wanting me to take more of you. 

I am not ready yet and whisper, "Not yet baby". 

My fingertips caress your balls, my other hand strokes your shaft, and my lips and mouth lick and suck the head of your cock. Fingertips slide back and forth over that sensitive spot between your balls and your ass. Your hips bucking against my mouth. I begin to take you deeper and you groan. Licking fingertips, sliding them down to your butt, you realize what I am about to do and moan. 

Your hands on my head, guiding me down on your cock, taking your full length into my mouth. Fingertips run up and down the crack of your ass, circling your butt-hole. Sucking your cock deep, licking the head, inserting a finger in your ass. You tense and stop thrusting for a second, but I continue to suck and lick you. Your hands pushing me down on you, almost choking me with your cock. It twitches and jerks in my mouth. My finger slides in and out of your butt in rhythm to your cock sliding in and out of my mouth. My pussy getting wetter and wetter. Your cock fully erect and hard, pounding my mouth. 

You say to me, "Baby, bring that sweet pussy here for me to lick." 

Keeping you inside my mouth, I spin around over the top of your head and press my wet mound to your lips. You part my swollen pussy lips, licking my clit, sliding your tongue down my slit, tasting the wetness. Your tongue dives deep in my hole, exploring my insides. I moan against your cock. Now you are teasing my clit with your tongue. You know this drives me insane. My hips are pressing tight against your face. Your cock is thrusting up into my mouth faster and deeper. I can feel it throbbing. The head is so hard. I am ready for what is next. 

I whisper against your cock, "Cum for me baby...cum." 

With a yell, you empty your seed deep in my mouth, spilling your cum, your sweet juices, down my throat. I eagerly swallow, sucking you more, draining your cock of its load. You raise your hips, pushing deeper into my mouth. At the same time, your tongue dives deep into my hole, thrusting in and out. Your mouth sucks my mound, my pussy muscles gripping your tongue. 

You graze over my G-spot making me moan. Your cock still emptying into my mouth. Working my G-spot, brushing back and forth, from deep down I can feel myself ready to let loose. The room is spinning, flames are overtaking my body, melting into you, I explode with a deep cry. My juices splashing all over your tongue, shooting into your mouth. I am out of control. My pussy is gripping your tongue tight, locked onto it. My mound grinding hard against your lips, spilling my juices. 

You pry me off your face, much to my protests because I love the way you fuck me with your tongue. You lift me and place me on your still hard cock. I grip it tight as an orgasm overtakes me. You feel me shudder. I begin to ride you. You know I love doing this. I grip your cock, sliding up and down on it. I bend over to kiss you. We are locked in a passionate kiss, your cock thrusting up into my pussy. My pussy so hot, gripping and squeezing you with each thrust. 

Our tongues begin exploring each other's mouth. You drive your cock deep in me. Our pace increases. Your cock buried so deep in me, pounding me. I sit up on your cock, rock back and forth, driving me insane. I am so hot. The head of your cock continues to bang my womb. It's searing heat tearing through me. Your full length slides down my slit, into my hole, faster and deeper. 

I cry out..."I'm going to cum." 

You say..."Cum baby, cum on my cock." 

I am so hot, I can hardly move. You thrust up deep and fast. I cannot hold on any longer. You sense this, tensing and with a deep cry, we suddenly explode. Cumming together, my entire body shudders, my juices squirting on your cock, your load shooting deep in my womb. 

My throbbing pussy squeezing your juices, milking you. Aaaaaaaaah, I fall on your chest and let the waves take me away. We are both relaxing now, riding the waves until our breathing starts slowing down. Your cock emptying into me, becoming softer. You know this drives me wild. You hold me as I ride out each orgasm. With a deep sigh, I kiss your sweet lips, our bodies soaking wet. I slide off you, rolling onto my back, lying in your arms. God, I love you.