 "So have you seen the Cousin?" Chuck asked me excitedly almost as soon as I was in the door.

"Isn't that one of those talky French movies?" I replied not sure of what he was talking about. "I thought you didn't go in for that sort of stuff."

"No, Man. Jackie Jacob's cousin," he said. "She is unbelievable!"

"Is she the new girl who's supposed to start in the warehouse office today?"

"You bet. We've been buds a long time, so you know what I mean when I say that she is a stone fox. Built like a brick shithouse!" he said emphatically but with a sly smile.

Chuck was my best friend at work and we had worked together for a long while. Normally I worked the early shift and he worked days, but my band had an audition this morning and Chuck and I had switched. You see, we both worked in the commissary for a big family-owned restaurant chain, a fact that fit what each of us were into perfectly. I could play gigs at night with my band, make it into work by three a.m., put in my time and be home before noon. Chuck, on the other hand liked to sleep in late so he could be in to relieve me and still get off work in time to hit the clubs at night. We still had time to pal around on the weekends. We were often referred to as Mutt 'n' Jeff since Chuck was as short as I was tall. 

"What does she look like?" I asked with my curiosity building.

"Oh, you'll know it when you see her!"

"Hey, Guys!" came the voice of Dave Wilken, our boss. "There's someone here I'd like you to meet."

Dave came walking up escorting a tall dark beauty. Chuck gestured to indicate that this was who had been talking about. She was gorgeous, probably five-ten or more, with long dark brown hair that ended just north of her butt, and big dark eyes, and a magnificent rack that swayed wondrously as she strolled up. She was wearing the kind of look I had seen many times before, that of a self assured young woman who knows that she's hot looking.

"Robby, Chuck, this is Denise Jacobs," Dave said, waving his hand between this ravishing young beauty and us. "She' be working with Sue and Chrissy over in the office."

"Nice to meet you," she said, extending her hand toward me with a smile that showed off her bright white teeth and full dark rosy lips. "Chuck, is it?"

"No, I'm Robby," I replied taking her soft hand in mine and giving it a polite shake. "Robby Scott. This is Chuck."

"Hi ya," said Chuck shaking her hand excitedly.

"Nice to meet you too," she said to Chuck with a smile before looking back to me. "You're the rock star aren't you?"

"Well, I don't know about that," I laughed off modestly. "I just play in a band."

"I know, Jackie took me to The Red Carpet a few weeks ago for one of your gigs," she said. "But we never had the chance to meet, I guess."

I remembered the gig that she was referring to. We played a weekend at the Red Carpet Lounge over on the Eastside. A lot of folks from work who live on that side of town came out to see us play on Saturday night. It was such a wild time and I didn't have time to greet everyone. I was sure that I would have remembered meeting her.

"That was a fun gig for us. Hope you enjoyed it," I said.

Dave took her by the arm and began to pull her away.

"There's a bunch of other people we've got to meet," he said.

"See you around," I called out as they began to move away.

"Nice to have met you," she said with a little wave, and then added, "Both of you."

I noticed as she moved away how her nipples were stiffening up enough to show through her clothes. I also thought I noticed that she licked her lips and gave me a wink. Then I thought again that maybe I was only imagining things. I know I'm an okay looking guy and I've never had problems with the ladies, particularly by playing in a rock 'n' roll band. But there was something in her smile and wink that called out to me.

"Did you check that out?" Chuck asked as he nudged me.

I was so busy checking out her skinny little butt and long legs that I almost didn't hear what he said.

"What's that?" I replied, absentmindedly. "D'jou say something?"

"Did you check that out, Man? If I didn't know better, I'd say she was sending out "the signal" Man. And I don't think it was for me. I mean, she's a little too tall for me, you know."

"Oh, really," I said looking at my diminutive friend. "Maybe so."

"So what do you think, Boys?" said Mike Mikular from the sales department as he came up behind us, giving us each a jab in the ribs. Mike was something of a bore but a decent guy just the same. "That's some pretty nice pussy on the troll don't you think?"

"Yeah, and she was almost slobbering all over Robby here," Chuck cracked.

"Oh, really?" said Mike. "I heard that she went for athletic types. You know she was working for a while out at the Stadium. Wilkins was saying that she screwed her way through the entire staff and had started on the team before getting transferred here."

"Well, we'll see about that," I said, watching Dave and Denise turn the corner out of sight. "Don't believe everything you hear."

"Besides, when did that ever matter?" Chuck cracked.

The rest of the workday went pretty smooth, although there was always a bunch of stuff to do on days that I wasn't used to working on mornings. By the late afternoon, I had gathered up the daily production worksheets and was sitting in the office entering the data in a computer terminal. Denise had apparently finished her on-the-job training and was busying herself with some things Sue or Chrissy had given her to do. I finished my entry and had turned away from the terminal to organize my papers when she got up and came over to my desk.

"So is your band playing anywhere this weekend?" she asked, standing directly in front of me.

I let my eyes rise up slowly to take in her figure before stopping at her big dark eyes. She was wearing a pair of tan slacks and a thin blue sweater over a brightly colored blouse. I could again see her nipples pointing out from her beautiful large breasts. She had such beautiful smooth olive skin, keeping in with her Lebanese heritage. Her nose was a little large, but not at all unattractive. Her eyes were large and dark, and sparkled wonderfully. 

I could see the family resemblance between her and her cousin, Jackie, who was a beauty of living legend status in the company. Jackie had married Freddie, the son of the owners, who was really kind of a doofus and not all that good looking, but he had money and position and that was apparently what she was looking for. Jackie was a very pretty girl, shorter than her young cousin, with dark green eyes and the kind of body that most men dream of, slender but with curves in all the right places and large firm breasts that required great effort not to stare at. I remembered first meeting her at a company party before they were married when I had volunteered to tend the bar. I tried to mix her the best vodka martini I could make and always looked her straight in the eyes. Apparently that had made a difference because ever since, she had always kind of taken a shine to me. I had always thought that if I was going to quit my day job that I might make a play for her, since hearing the rumors that things weren't going too well between her and Freddie.

"We're playing at The Painted Pony down river on Friday and Saturday," I replied, looking into her great dark eyes.

"Where's that?"

"Down in Taylor, on Eureka road. Doors open at 8 p.m."

"Maybe I can get Jackie out of the house and come see you guys," she said, leaning forward. "I thought you guys were really good."

"Thanks."

She leaned farther forward rested her hands on the desk, letting her breasts push out farther against her blouse and sweater. The dark valley between her breasts opened wider. The evil side of me was tempted to reach up with a finger and pull the v-neck down, but I resisted. I could tell from her expression that she was sending out "The Signal" because I could hear it loud and clear. I also knew there was a bulge growing in my pants and that I should get going before I said something stupid.

"Well, I've got to get these filed back in the bakery and get out of here," I said, getting up from the desk.

"Sure thing," she said straightening up. "See you tomorrow."

"I'll be working my normal early shift so I'll see you when you get in."

"See ya," she said, giving me a little finger wave.

I smiled and made a quick exit. My stiff white starched cotton uniform probably didn't do much to perk her interest, but I was sure that she watched me leave because I feel her gaze on my butt. Since Sue was married and Chrissy was messing around with the warehouse VP it felt nice to have an available young woman to fool around with. We'll see if what Mikular said about her reputation was true.

I saw her just briefly during the next couple of days. I was often so busy keeping the line working that there was little time for hanging out in the office. She did make it a point to bring the order reports in and hand them to me personally each day. Fortunately or not, every time that she tried to say something personal to me I was interrupted by an employee needing my attention. I hoped that she didn't think I was trying to brush her off. Now, I had noticed that she was taking the early lunch so that Sue and Chrissy could go later, so I decided to sit the office around noon to make out the reports that I normally did at the desk in the bakery.

She was sitting at her new desk doing something on the computer when I strolled in. She glanced up with a surprised look on her face that turned into a big smile when she recognized me. I went over to the spare desk and sat down.

"I need a quiet place to get this stuff done without being interrupted," I remarked.

"I noticed that you're a pretty busy guy," she said.

"Sometimes too busy," I replied, as I began to spread out my papers.

We worked in silence for a while, she tapping away on her computer and I scratching away on my report forms. From time to time, I noticed that she would look over in my direction and when I looked up to return her glance she would smile modestly and turn back to her work. She was wearing a beige vest and slacks with a bright flowery print blouse underneath. From time to time, she would lean back in her chair and stretch her arms above her head.

"I don't know if I'll ever get used to this data entry stuff," she remarked, reaching back to rub her neck. "I'm used to moving around more."

"I've heard you're a mover," I remarked.

"Oh, you have, have you?" she said, her smile getting broader. "And just what else have you heard about me?"

"You know, just guy talk."

"Like what?"

"Well, that you became pretty popular while you were working at the Stadium."

"I did have a lot of boyfriends, if that's what you mean. I'll admit that I do have a stronger appetite than a lot of other women. But what's wrong with that?"

"Nothing at all to me," I said. "It's just that some guys want their girlfriends to be faithful only to them, even if they aren't themselves."

"I learned about that firsthand," she said, her bright look fading a little. "I never broke a promise, but then I never made a promise that I couldn't keep."

"I can respect that," I replied. "I don't ask questions when I may not want to hear the answer."

We turned back to our work for a few more minutes.

"So what have you heard about me?" I asked, looking up.

"That you're a really nice guy for a musician type. You like to have fun and never spend too much time with any one girl."

"Fair enough," I replied.

After working in silence for a few more minutes, I ran out of production forms.

"Oh, man!" I said, with mock disgust. "I just ran out of production forms."

"I know where those are!" Denise said. "I'll get some for you!"

She jumped up from her chair and disappeared into the storeroom for a minute. She returned with a small stack of the forms.

"Here you are," she said dropping them on the desk in front of me.

I looked up to see her lean forward and set her hands on the desk as she had the other day. Her large full breasts surged forward straining the buttons of her vest and blouse to the limit. As I looked up into her large dark eyes and remembered my afterthoughts from the other day, I reached out with my finger and flicked at the buttons on her vest. 

"I'm no structural engineer, but I think your outfit is in trouble," I said, my finger toying with the buttons.

"What do you mean?" she asked, leaning still farther forward, her luscious boobs making my mouth water.

"Well, for one thing the buttons are too small and not attached real well," I began. "And second, you're obviously well built and that outfit is definitely not."

"And the consequences are?" she said pressing her breasts forward yet farther.

"Embarrassing garment failure," I said.

With a flick from my fingers, the little buttons popped through the holes of her vest and her breasts surged against the thin material of her blouse, which spread open exposing the luscious round curves of her breasts and revealing the lace edging of her royal blue bra.

"Oh, my!" she said with a playful little girlish squeal. She looked around and noticed that her back was to the windows lining the corridor and that no one would be able to see her exposed cleavage. "Now, look what you've done!"

"I'm sorry," I said with a mock regret in my voice. "I'm such a bad boy, I just couldn't help myself."

I noticed that she wasn't moving to close up her clothes or cover herself. I pushed my finger forward toward the lovely valley between her boobs. I touched the lace edging of her bra and traced the upper outline of it up along the warm soft curve of her breast. Reaching the satiny strap I tucked my finger down into the cup and brought my finger back down toward the center of her chest letting my finger rub against her hardening nipple. Not letting my gaze drop away from her wonderful dark eyes, I noted the front clasp the bra and then worked my finger up under the cup holding her other breast. I let my finger dwell for a moment when it encountered her stiffening nipple. I noticed that her cheeks were becoming flushed and how she ran her tongue around her lips to moisten them.

"You are a bold one," she said, without moving away from my touch.

"Well, I don't like to waste an opportunity when I see something appealing. And you do have a beautiful pair."

"Thank you," she said, with a gasp as I retrieved my finger. I could see that my movement had tweaked her nipples so close to the edge of her bra that they were peeking out. "But you should know that you shouldn't start something that you don't intent to finish."

"And I never have," I replied.

The sound of the office door opening brought us back to reality. It was Chuck coming in to say hello. As he entered the room, Denise smiled at me and turned away from him. She slipped into the storeroom for a couple of minutes while Chuck and I chatted for a few minutes. She came out carrying a box of envelopes and settled back at her desk. I paused at the door for a moment as I followed Chuck out.

"I'll stop back on my way out," I said with a wink.

She smiled and waved her finger.

"So are you making any headway?" Chuck asked when I caught up to him.

"I think so," I replied. "Let's say that things are looking up."

I went on to brief Chuck so that he was set up to run the afternoon shift and then changed to get ready to leave. I was brushing out my shoulder length hair as I stepped out of the changing room and bumped into Denise who was carrying a stack of reports along the corridor toward the front office. The reports slipped out of her arms and spilled onto the floor.

"Oh, great!" she said, squatting down to gather them up.

"I'm sorry, Denise," I said, dropping down to help her. "I'm really sorry."

"That's okay," she replied. As she reached forward to grab a couple errant packets, her vest and blouse popped open again and her breasts spilled out, barely restrained by her bra. "And now look at what else you've done."

"That's right, it's all my fault," I chuckled.

"I'll never be able to wear this outfit again," she said, trying to button up again.

"Just be careful when you lean forward," I said, noting that she didn't seem to be too upset. "Hey, I'll tell you what. Why don't you let me make it up to you by taking you out to dinner tonight?"

Having pulled together all of the spilled reports, we stood up. She straightened herself and patted the errant buttons into place. She looked at me for a moment before answering.

"I suppose that's the least you can do. What do you have in mind?"

"Why don't I pick you up at your place after work? I was thinking of Mario's on Second Avenue."

"That's a nice restaurant. Sure," she agreed.

"Great!"

"You know, I rode in with Jackie this morning. Why don't you pick me up here?"

"Fine. About four thirty then?"

"Yeah. That will be fine!"

I stepped to the side of the corridor and let her move past toward the front office. There certainly was something about the way her butt swayed along with her long dark ponytail. I noticed that there was no visible panty line showing on her butt, the perfect curves of her tight ass nicely filling out her slacks.

I rushed home to shower and get ready. I parked my van on the side of the drive and got my vintage Chevy Super Sport out of the garage and took it to the car wash to clean it up. I figured that it would be more befitting my rock 'n' roll image than the van. I had just pulled up by the front office when I saw Denise come out of the front door with Jackie. I revved the engine and waved them over.

"Wow, this is really Sixties!" Jackie said, her dark green eyes twinkling.

"Nice ride!" Denise remarked.

"Jump in and I'll give you a ride!" I offered.

"No thanks," Jackie replied. "I have a husband to go home to and cook dinner. But you two have a good time!"

Denise jumped in and we took off waving to Jackie as she climbed into her Mercedes.

"This is really in great shape!" she complimented, as she ran her fingers over the side panel and dashboard. "It's like being in a time machine."

"I've had it since high school. It's my baby, you could say. I like to keep her clean."

"She's female?"

"Sure. I mean, check out the late 60s styling, the way the curve of the fenders, and the way she growls when I put my foot down."

Denise laughed as she rolled down the window, removed her hair tie, and shook her head to let it flow loose in the breeze. She ran her fingers through her long hair and smiled as we moved deftly out into traffic.

"Do you want to head to the restaurant or would you rather go home and freshen up?"

"I would like to change," she said fingering the top of her vest. She gave me directions to her apartment that was several minutes away. "You know, you had quite an effect on me this afternoon."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, for one thing, I had to put on a fresh pair of panties."

"Whoa," I remarked. "I didn't know that I had that sort of effect on women."

"You do on this one. I couldn't stop thinking about the touch of your finger on me. I have been so hot ever since."

"To be honest, you've had a similar effect on me. I haven't been able to get rid of this hard on since early this afternoon."

"You sleaze! Really?" she said looking over at my crotch. She slipped her hand over to my lap and ran her palm over me. She let her fingers slip around my lap outlining the extent of my stiffening penis. "So I can see. I figured that you were nicely hung, most tall guys are, but this feels real nice."

"Are you always this forward with men?" I asked.

"Not all. Just the ones I'm really interested in."

She kept running her hand back and forth across my crotch. She leaned over to me and began to lick my ear.
