 A black limo made its way through the streets. It was almost eight o'clock in the evening, and the air was pleasantly warm. It was a Friday night and the city was a pretty sight of colours and busy night-life.

But a few minutes away from the noise and excitement. . . a few kilometres outside of the night time world, a quiet suburb laid in darkness and silence. With only street lamps and a few windows emitting any light. This was where the black limo was headed. 

"So this is where you're going to be living from now on?" The driver asked, sarcastically.

"What a dump."

The passenger remained silent. The driver hadn't seen her face. And the darkness kept her mostly hidden. He looked in the mirror and could only make out her snow white face, and her black lips.

"Is your client into face-painting?" The driver asked, trying to be a smart-ass.

She didn't answer him.

After another 15 minutes of travelling, the driver finally slowed the limo down and rolled down his window. He looked closely at the houses around him, trying to find their numbers.

"12. We're looking for number 12, Rose Avenue." He said.

"There. On the left." The passenger replied.

The driver stared at the house on the left for a moment and then drove forward a bit. He stopped and let the car idle.

"Here we are. Ill help you with your things."

"No!" She replied sharply.

"I must go alone."

"Miss, I really think I ought to--"

"No!" She spat and got out the car. She had been given clear instructions to enter the client's property completely alone. She didn't have much luggage. The client assured Her that She would be provided with everything She would need.

So She grabbed Her one and only travelling bag from the limo and made Her way to the property without saying a word to the driver.

"You're welcome, lady." Was all he said before he drove off.

She stood in front of the gate and saw that it had been left slightly open for Her. She closed it behind Her and made Her way up the pathway until She reached the front porch. Everything was so quiet. Only a few dogs were barking in the distance. She looked around to make sure no one was watching Her. She didn't want anyone to see what She was about to do. Her client had given Her many specific instructions as to what She would have to do before meeting him. The first ones had all been mostly about planning a discreet way to his home. That was easy enough. But Her next instruction was to arrive at his door, unbutton Her blouse, and greet him as "Master" with Her breasts fully exposed in the open. So she unbuttoned Her white blouse and tucked it under Her arms, leaving Her chest and stomach naked. She was trembling now and Her heart was pounding in Her chest. She had never seen his face. What if he was ugly? She hadn't cared until now. She was so excited about the life He had promised to give Her. And now She was about to get it. Her only prayer was that he was not too ugly. Still, Her thighs were beginning to moisten.

She rang the doorbell and waited. It opened and She saw that the room inside was lit only by a faint light. Maybe candles. She looked down at the floor and bowed.

"Good evening, Master. I have come." She greeted him with a soft, cute voice.

He stepped forward and She saw he was wearing black pants and socks with no shoes. She felt his hand against Her cheek and he lifted Her face up to look at him. Her eyes were fixed on him and She stared. He was handsome and smiling at Her. Her heart was pounding even harder now. She was so overjoyed and excited, She rubbed Her wet thighs together.

"I'm so happy You've come." He said and stared back at Her.

"You are more beautiful than I imagined. You're perfect."

She blushed and didn't know what to say. She decided that She would wait for his permission to speak.

"I see You're wearing the cat ears I asked for. Very good. But what about the tail?" He asked and his facial expression turned serious.

Her face lit up. She was so excited to show him. She turned around immediately, bent over and lifted up Her skirt. She bit Her lip and waited for his reply.

"Very nice." He said.

He was staring at Her behind and admiring it. It was pale white and perfectly shaped. And it had a furry little black tail sticking out of it. He gripped it in his hand and tugged on it gently. She moaned and squeezed Her thighs together again. He started to pull the tail and She moaned louder. He kept pulling gently until the little butt plug slid out of Her asshole. He looked at Her tiny little hole and grinned.

"You are perfect." He said and pushed the butt plug back inside Her tight asshole. She moaned as he did this and nearly fell over.

He took Her bag and walked into the house. She stood up straight again and followed him inside.

She was right about the candles. The house looked plain and ordinary on the outside. But inside, it looked beautiful. Surely it did not look like this all the time, She thought. Which meant that he had gone through all this trouble just for Her. Her thighs began to moisten again at the thought.

"Welcome home, Kitty." He said as he placed Her bag behind one of the sofas. "Kitty" was to become her new name in her Master's house.

He shut the door behind her and locked it. She felt his hands on her shoulders and he slowly pulled off her blouse. He placed it neatly on the sofa and then stood in front of Her. She then remembered the next instruction he had given Her. The last instruction.

She stepped closer to him and planted Her soft black lips on his. They kept their lips pressed against each other and He wrapped his arms around Her. Their kiss finally broke and they simply stared at each other for a long while.

"This is Your last chance to reconsider. Will You stay, or will You go?" He asked. His eyes were fixed on Hers.

"I will stay with You, forever." She replied and hugged him as tightly as She could, burying Her face against his chest.

He gave her a tour of the house, briefly mentioning some of the duties she would be expected to perform, such as cleaning and cooking and such. The house was a double-story. Downstairs it had a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a guestroom. Upstairs, it had two bedrooms and another bathroom. She loved the house and through the whole tour, her thighs were becoming wetter and wetter. She was still topless and had a butt plug inside of her, and she loved it. She kept hoping that he would stop and touch her. But he didn't.

When they went upstairs, she was shocked by what she saw. The biggest bedroom was modelled into a Japanese style with a sliding door and inside lay a large futon. The second bedroom had a king-sized bed inside, with several pairs of fluffy handcuffs hanging from the rails, and an assortment of other playful items were scattered around the room. She giggled and felt her pussy tingle. What a pervert this man was. She loved it. They made their way downstairs again and into the kitchen.

"You told me You can cook several dishes. So I've packed the cupboards with groceries. We have a guest arriving in 2 hours. Ill trust You to make us something lovely for dinner. I like pasta. So you'll go to the guestroom and find an outfit which I picked out for you. You will wear that tonight."

She suddenly felt a shiver of fear creep down her spine. A guest? He never mentioned any guests. What was this guest coming over for? All kinds of thoughts were racing through her mind now. Maybe this man wasn't what she thought he was...

Nevertheless, she obeyed and bowed to her Master before he went upstairs to get ready. She went to the guestroom and found the outfit on the bed. It was a black and white apron. She put it on and looked at herself in a large mirror. Her mouth opened wide when she saw that her ass was fully exposed. She found a note on the bed, informing her that she was not to wear any panties. This only made her more nervous and afraid. Did her Master want to show her off to his guest? Would she be expected to do something with the guest? She didn't want that. She hadn't agreed to anything like that. Perhaps this was all a huge mistake. . .

The hours passed and the dinner was ready. She laid out the table and felt very proud of herself. She had made her first meal for her Master. And she was smiling when she heard his footsteps approaching.

"Dinner is ready, Master." She said and bowed as he walked in.

"Good girl." He said and gave her a kiss on her head.

"Nyuuu" she replied, cutely.

"There is something I want you to do for me tonight, Kitty." Her Master said as he sat on one of the chairs at the table.

"My guest will arrive shortly. I want you to crawl under this table and remain there for the entire evening. You are not to make a sound! Do you understand?"

She nodded her head and felt somewhat relieved. She was also confused. Why not just send her to hide in one of the bedrooms?

"You will also do something else for me. While I am having dinner with my guest, you will. . ."

Her eyes shot open as she heard his words. Her pussy started to tingle again and she imagined doing what he was telling her to do. She giggled again and bowed.

"Yes, Master. I understand, and I will do what you say."

He kissed her on her lips and she crawled under the table shortly before a knock was heard at the door.

"Alice! Come inside." The Master greeted his guest and after a bit of small chat, they came into the kitchen.

They sat at the table and Alice remarked how good the food smelt. It was a pasta dish and the Master lied and said he had made it. This made Kitty a little mad so she punched his foot when he sat down. He ignored it and decided he would punish her for that later. The meal began and Kitty was hesitant. She knew her Master was waiting for her to do what he had told her to do. His legs were opened and she stared at his crotch. Her heart was pounding so hard now. She bit her lip and put her hands on her Master's legs. He and his guest were talking about some work and Kitty realised this woman was a work colleague of her Master's. She felt jealous. Maybe she didn't mean anything to him. She thought she would be special to him. Was he going to have sex with this woman tonight? She felt angry all of a sudden and pulled the zipper of her Master's pants hard. He jerked slightly and kicked the table.

"What was that?" Alice asked.

"Nothing, I just had a little cramp in my leg." The Master lied, and their conversation carried on.

Kitty slowly and quietly pulled his pants down to the floor. She knew she was going to be punished for what she just did, but she didn't worry about it. Her attention was fixed on his underwear. He was wearing a pair of red hotshorts and she could not take her eyes off of the huge bulge. She blinked her eyes when she thought she saw it twitch. She bit her lip again and started to pull the shorts down. She kept staring and watched his hard cock pop out. She smiled and put her hand over her mouth to silence her giggling. She had never seen a penis in real life before. It was big and hard and her mouth was beginning to drool.

"When we are having dinner, you will stay under the table and suck Master's cock until we are finished. Do you understand?"

That was his instruction, and she was happy to follow it. She leaned her head forward and kissed the shaft. It was so warm and thick against her lips. She kept kissing it and stuck her tongue out to lick it. She loved the taste. The taste of her Master's cock. She was about to kiss it again when she felt a foot against her.

"Oh my God, what's that?!" Alice flinched and was about to looked under the table when the Master made another excuse.

"That was my foot, sorry!" He said convincingly enough to stop Alice from discovering his dirty little secret.

He really was taking a risk here. Alice was a serious and uptight woman, who would ruin his career if she found out he had a little love slave sucking his cock under the dinner table. But the two had worked together for years and as far as she was concerned, he was just a hard-working and serious man, devoted to a life of nothing but work.

He tensed up when he felt Kitty's lips wrap around the head of his cock and she started to suck on it like a lolly. He slammed his hand on the table and a fork flung onto the floor.

"Are you alright?" Alice asked, staring at him.

"Yes, I'm fine. Just that damn cramp in my leg!"

The Master was feeling very lucky. He had managed to talk his way out of several risky situations throughout the evening. He kept calm and silent as Kitty worked her warm, wet mouth on his hard, throbbing cock. Her head bobbed up and down as she sucked on his hot rod and he only hoped she would not bang it against the table.

"I can't believe how good this is." Alice said with a mouth full of pasta.

"Neither can I." The Master replied, secretly referring to the amazing blowjob he was receiving.

Kitty was a natural at sucking cock. This was her first one, and the Master decided then and there that she would be his. She was the one. A few others had tried before, but in his eyes, they displayed too many imperfections. This Kitty, however, was perfect.

"Thanks for the evening, it was great." The woman said before she gave the Master a kiss on the cheek and left.

He shut the door and Kitty crawled out from under the table. She stared at her Master and he stared back at her. He smiled and she ran to him. She got down on her knees and looked up at him.

"Would you like me to continue sucking it, Master?" She asked and he could not resist her adorable face.

"Yes. Please do, Kitty." He smiled and Kitty had her first taste of her Master's cum that night. She would soon become addicted to it. . .