 Author's Note: You may or may not recognize this piece. I wrote it a few months back when I was toying with posting on forums from a different site. It was written under the name I had chosen to use there. It is titled something different over there, but I really enjoy Literotica's story board, so I left the other site and have come back where I belong. I hope you enjoy! ~ Red 

The thirty something redhead stifled a yawn as she tried to remain upright in her seat. The pitchman was anything but fun and energetic, if anything his monotone voice would be just the thing she needed to get a good night's sleep. It seemed to work for a daytime nap. Subconsciously she felt her head bob; she jerked herself upright, shook herself to ward off the sleepiness and stretched one leg forward, flexing the lean muscles under the tailored slacks. She had to get out of here, or she'd start snoring and drooling all over her paperwork. A quick glance at the clock told her the seminar had another three hours. There was no way she'd make it to the end, no way at all. But how to leave? She never was one to disappear and draw attention to herself unless a real emergency warranted it. Another yawn threatened to appear...this was one of those times. 

Emerald Stone began to cough...hard. So violently in fact that she felt compelled to excuse herself. She gathered up her papers, stuffing them carelessly into her briefcase, all the while hacking as if she were going to expel a lung. By the time she made her way to the conference room exit, people were offering her sips of water, offers she brushed off. Once outside, the door closed firmly behind her, Emerald sighed with relief. She took a deep breath and headed to the elevator. 

In less than an hour Emerald was in and out of her room, freshly showered, her tailored threads, a memory. In their place she wore, a soft black dress with spaghetti straps, the hem stopping at her knees and black stilettos. Her long hair hung in curls, cascading down her back; the tips danced merrily across the top of her ass. 

The hotel's bar was spacious and dark, just want she needed. The music filling the room was upbeat, but not overbearingly loud; she glanced around, smiled at the bartender and claimed a seat next to the window. A uniformed waitress, her blouse crisp and white, slacks dark and stiff came over and took Emerald's order, a simple elegant glass of white wine.

