 This was my very first attempt at erotica, it is purely a work of fiction from the mind of a sexually frustrated wife. The characters in this work are both over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it.





As I walk towards the door, I see a movement in the downstairs window. I smile and wave at my neighbour before jogging up the stairs to my flat. Letting myself in, I drop my shopping in the kitchen area and head right for the shower. I figure that if the ice cream thaws slightly, it will be easier to dig out a couple of scoops before I put it away in the freezer.

It is handy having a gym and convenience store so close to my new flat, it means I can grab food for tea after my workout and come home for my shower and just put my sweats on after. I strip off my sticky gym shorts and top, unhook my sports bra and wriggle out of my damp knickers.

Standing under the shower, I feel my muscles relaxing under the hot flow. Grabbing my sponge I begin soaping myself, thrilling at the new curves and dips. I have worked hard to get my shape back after years in a loveless marriage; it's just a shame I am the only one enjoying them. My nipples begin to harden as I circle my firm breasts with the sponge. I briefly toy with the idea of masturbating, but the shower head is clogged with lime scale and the flow is feeble. I make a mental note to replace my shower as a priority.

Instead, I finish washing, dry myself roughly, especially my tits, rousing my nipples and causing a frisson between my legs. Walking into the bedroom I lie down on the bed. I don't know what has gotten into me lately, whether it is freedom, my new firm, tight body or the endorphins from exercise, but I have never been this horny since I was a schoolgirl. These days all I have to do is think of that lush young thing in the flat downstairs and bingo! Wet.

God he is cute. Not quite young enough to be my son, but certainly too young for a sad old bag like me to flirt with. I envision his dirty blond curls, lying between my legs. I see him looking up with those cheeky blue eyes as he reaches his tongue out to swipe my clit.

With a groan I roll over and pull out the divan drawer, reaching down I grab the vibrator. My battery boyfriend; I've never had one before, but now I can really relax and enjoy the climaxes it gives me every time. I roll it over my nipples imagining it is his hands, or even better, his lips teasing my nipples taut. I soothe my hands up and down my body, feeling my flesh goosebump under my touch. My legs draw up and relax to the sides of their own accord. Cool air swirls my pussy from draught through the open window.

I tease myself, sliding my hands up and down my thighs, getting close to the heat of my throbbing centre, sometimes fluttering across it, occasionally drifting back to a breast to tease a nipple back to attention. Grabbing my vibrator I begin to touch my clit lightly, then gently with more pressure. I slide it down the valley toward my hole, feeling the slickness of my leaking pussy in the sudden slipperiness of the vibrator. Groaning now, I slide it gently into my depths, feeling its tight fit.

I clench it with my muscles holding it inside me as I try to pull it out enjoying the sensation. I begin pumping faster, feeling my stomach swirl as if I were on a roller coaster, and slide my other hand down towards my clit. Groaning, moaning, imagining it is the sexy lad downstairs I feel my climax mounting. "yes, yes...Oh god yes...I'm coming....Oh.. Godddd...." I begin to slide back into my body, my freshly showered skin now slick with sweat.

Oh well, I can always jump back into the shower. I get up and wash the vibrator, drying it and returning it to the drawer. Then I meander naked into the kitchen for a lazy spoon of ice cream. Just as I raise the spoon to my lips, there is a ratatat on the door. I grab a towel from the bathroom, briefly conscious of the fact it barely covers my modesty.

I open the door, OMG! It's him, my spunky neighbour. He looks even cuter close up, even though he is currently grimacing.

"Woman, you have to cut me some slack!"

I look at him perplexed; this is our first conversation, what have I done to him? Speechless I step back holding the door open for him to come in.

His eyes stray over me, mentally stripping away the towel and he groans dropping his head in his hands.

Nervously I reach out and touch his hair, it is just as soft as it looks and I can't prevent my errant hand from stroking it. He looks up. 

"Do you have any idea what you are doing to me? You come bouncing in day after day, all high titties and firm ass looking so damn fuckable, then come up here and, and.. fucking cum! Loudly! Do you know how that leaves me?"

I am beyond mortified! He knows? He hears? Oh fuck! I'm going to have to move...Hang on... Did he just say I looked fuckable? My eyes drop to an obvious bulge in his board shorts. I let the door swing shut behind him, and taking a deep breath, I drop the towel.

He takes in my body. "You are so beautiful," he sighs huskily. He reaches a hand towards my face, and moving in, gently kisses me. His dry lips move across mine, his tongue tip tickles them apart, and the kiss becomes deeper, more passionate. My arms slide up under his shirt, caressing his firm young body. I tense and he senses it, leaning back to look me in the face.

"Problem?"

"I'm old enough to be your mother, I don't even know your name, no one but my ex-husband has seen me naked it 20 years, and we're neighbours for god sake, we will have to look each other in the eye after today." It comes out in a single garbled rush.

"Ok; One, you are old enough to be my older sister at most," he is stroking my sides as he speaks, his hands sliding up and down, gently and all too briefly grazing the underside of my breasts. "Two, my name is Sam, three, I think you look sensational naked, and four, if I don't fuck you in, like the next 2 minutes, my balls are going to explode, I swear." His puppy dog look was so incongruous compare with his words I burst out laughing.

I reached for his face and lean towards his lips, as we meet I murmur;

"You'd better get fucking then Sam, hadn't you, I don't want to feel responsible for any harm that may befall you otherwise."

He pulls me into his erection, so I can feel how eager he is for me and I flood with arousal. Bending, he sweeps me up as if I weigh nothing and carries me through to the bedroom where he throws me unceremoniously onto the bed, as I straighten myself he strips, scattering clothes without taking his eyes from mine. They mesmerise me, those eyes, so full of lust. 

He starts to slowly crawl up the bed, stroking and kissing, he is getting closer to my pussy, and he starts to slide my legs apart. He gently nips the inside of my thigh then licks the back of my knee, oh god, who knew how good that could feel. Licking the other knee and nipping up that thigh I am squirming with anticipation. How am I supposed to go back to my vibrator after this?

Butterfly kisses float across my muff, I have never been one to shave other than bikini line, but Sam doesn't seem deterred. I suddenly realise my fantasy wank has come true. This tousled head is between my thighs and he is so making a meal out of me, Jesus H, perhaps I should have fed him first the way he is... scratch that; this feels.. fucking phenomenal! I stop thinking, and just enjoy the sensation. 

His teeth are grazing across my clit, he is literally, and gently munching on me, it is beyond erotic, it is totally fucking dirty! Suddenly a finger delves into my slit, angled toward my g spot. He begins rubbing, massaging, I am moaning and he lifts his head, his face slick with my juice, his eyes bright. "Have you any idea how many times I have battered one off listening to that moan and wished it was me causing it?"

"Have you any idea how many of those moans were caused by you?" I raise a brow and grin.

"Oh you dirty, dirty bitch." He is grinning back and, moving further up the bed he kisses me deeply. I taste my juices on him and cannot believe how much hornier it makes me. I reach down for his young cock; it is waving around begging for attention. It is my turn for a little fun. I push him down, still holding him. His eyes glaze as I move down his gorgeous body and gently tickle the very tip of him with the tip of my tongue. 

He growls in the back of his throat as his hand finds my hair. His fingers slide amongst it and grip me.

"Woman I'm going to lose it real quick if you keep that up." Ignoring him, I slide my tongue down his shaft, and run my teeth back up at the top. I swirl my tongue around and then drop my mouth over him, taking as much as I can before slowly drawing up, sucking in my cheeks, he moans again stoking my head. I suck his cock and roll his balls in my hand. With a gentle nail I scratch his perineum; he bucks his hips and pulls me back.

"You are too much!" 

He pushes me back down on the bed kissing me and sliding his hand down my body to my clit where he begins gently circling; matching his tongue in my mouth with the action of his finger on my bud. I feel a climax building, groaning into Sams mouth and bucking my hips. He slides across and enters me swiftly, my God! Ready as I am he feels huge. He pulls out slowly almost withdrawing; a protest sigh escapes me before he slowly eases back in. 

"You have the tightest pussy baby. I could fuck you forever." He speeds up his action.

"Oh, yes, oh god Sam yes. Fuck me, oh fuck me." His hand is still between us, teasing my clit I am tensing around his shaft, sucking at him with my cunt muscles. He pulls his head back and looks at me in amazement before diving back for another deep throat kiss. He is pumping hard now, I am rearing up towards him as he is ramming deeply into me, his hand setting me towards the stars. As my climax peaks I am clenching Sams cock deep inside. He rears up, roars out and I feel him pumping as I am sucking, sucking, sucking him for every drop. He collapses on top of me careful to take his weight on his elbows. Looking deep into my eyes he pants and grins.

"This is definitely not the last time we do that, woman, I'm not even sure who fucked who."

I grin back at him, glazed with sex. 

"Next time I'm feeling horny I'll let you know. We could have a code." I grin "I could knock three times on the floor."

"You'd have to actually make me go back home first, and I'm not in any real hurry to leave." Rolling off me he gently strokes up and down my body as he smiles into my eyes.

"Man that gave me an appetite, have you got anything to eat?"

"That depends. How do you feel about sloppy ice cream?" As soon as I say it and see the gleam in his eyes, I realise eating it will probably not involve bowls.

"Do not move a muscle woman. I'll get it."

"I do have a name you know!"

"Oh, I know, and I know what it is, Ginnie." He lays his hand familiarly on my warm wet pussy.

"But," he growls, "you bring out the caveman in me. Ever since I first saw your gorgeous body, heard your first solo climax, I knew I was going to claim you as my woman." He grins and beats his chest, turning for the door.

I lie back smiling stupidly, thinking about my energetic young stud. It may only last days or weeks or maybe it will last longer. I don't care. This sweet sexy guy wants to claim me as his woman? As he walks back into the bedroom brandishing a tub of ice cream, some chocolate sauce, and a raging hard on, I'm in no hurry to deny him or kick him out! 

The End