 Disclaimer: All right, this story is not real. NOT REAL! Not to be read by anyone under the age of 18/21 yadda yadda yadda! I'd love to hear some feedback as it's my first time writing. You can leave feedback through the comment box at the end of the story, or contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile. ;)

Also, I feel like I didn't use enough adjectives. Was this the case? Please tell me so in the comments/feedback. Cheers and on with the story!

*

I pulled up to my local Waitrose car park and parked in a spot right by the side of the actual car park. Directly in front of me was the public footpath that lead to the main road into town and also the delivery area for the supermarket.

I opened my door and stepped out, the sun was bright for a weekend morning. It was close to eleven o'clock in the morning and I had to get my shopping for the week. Walking past the large windows, I saw all of the cashiers at work. The majority of them were dressed in the standard uniform of a floral pattern blouse, a green overall, the black trousers and their usual smart shoes. As I walked along, I saw one of my more recent infatuations. 

Nancy.

She was a friend of a friend of a friend. We were on first name basis but I couldn't tell you her birthday. She was close to five foot six, she had fire red hair tied up in a bun being held in place with one of those knitting needle type things. A womanly thing far past my expertise as a twenty two year old single man. I got a chance to admire my own reflection to see my deep sea blue eyes being hidden behind my glasses. I had the faintest trace of a beard growing and my brown hair was tussled but not messy. I carried on walking in the store and grabbed a basket from one of the displays at the front.

Right by the front of the store, there was a large plastic display with the broadsheet newspapers proudly on display. I grabbed one and threw it into my basket, walking further in I breezed past the fruit and vegetable section and got to the frozen foods section.

Browsing over the pizzas, I felt a nudge in the ribs. Half expecting it to be some old woman, I turned around to see Nancy standing there with a big smile.

"Ben! How's my favourite customer!?" Jesus Christ she was a ray of sunshine.

"I'm good thanks. How can you be so happy on a Saturday?" 

"How can you not be? It's a wonderful day outside and there's wonderful people inside!" She said with a grin, playfully poking me in the chest.

"That's really sweet of you to say." I said with a smile as I fished out a pizza and placed it in my basket.

"Well, I need to get back to work. Come and find me if you need any help!" With that, she merrily skipped off down the aisle. I watched her with a smile on my face, to be a misogynistic pig, she had a great arse on her. The things I'd do to that arse, I'm not sure what... But I would!

Before I started to fantasize, I carried on shopping, taking extra care to stay close to the freezers. 

***

With the menial task of my weekly shop finished, I made my way to the till point and fished out my wallet, trying to find my credit card. I was stood behind some guy who absolutely smelt of alcohol and possibly pot, he looked scruffy and was shaking slowly. Depressingly, he looked to be about sixteen. 

We were waiting for Nancy to finish up serving the customer before the both of us. The guy started to mumble something about her being a bitch or really fucking slow or something equally dumb. I didn't bother say anything and started to leaf through my newspaper as Nancy finished up and started to serve the next customer.

"About fucking time." The guy scowled, I looked up from the paper and saw Nancy get upset by the comment, but quick as a flash, her professionalism won over.

"I'm sorry for the wait sir. Now what can I help you with?"

"I want this scotch."

"I see. Do you have any identification?"

"What!?" This guy started to play up now. I was under the impression that if you looked under eighteen you would be ID'ed. It's happened to me before and this guy seemed to be under eighteen. Folding my paper back up, I tucked it in my basket and watched the conversation.

"I don't believe you're eighteen or over. I need to see some identification."

"Bitch, I'm eighteen. Let me buy the drink!"

"Sir, I'm sorry but it's the law. I need to see some identification." 

I took a quick look around and two men in suits started to advance on the cash desk but they were still a good few feet away. 

"Fuck this shit!" The guy swore and was about to take a swing when my action hero instinct took over. Leaning forward I grabbed his arm and pulled him back, keeping him upright he stumbled and was ready to take a swing at me when the security officers got here.

The both of them took hold of him and wrestled him to the floor. Lifting him up, they dragged him off to the back when the manager turned up.

"Sir, thank you so much!" He started shaking my hand profusely as Nancy came around from behind the till. She said her thanks as well, shaking my hand too.

"Yeah, no problem. Can I uh... Can I get my shopping?" Nancy smiled and nodded. Getting behind the till she started to run my items through the till while the manager piled praise on me. As she finished scanning through my items, the manager very kindly gave me his twenty percent discount. Ready to leave, I made my way out when two police officers made their way in.

Taking a heavy sigh, I stood back in as the manager waived me over.

***

After I had finished answering all of the questions, I made my way back outside as the manager thanked me again.

"Ben wait!"

There was a soft, female voice calling after me. I turned and saw Nancy running after me. I put my bags into the boot of my car and slammed the lid shut,

"Nancy, what's up?" 

She caught up to me and smiled, reaching up she pulled me into a tight hug. For the first time in a long time, I felt breasts pushing up against my chest. She was ever so slightly out of breath and was breathing heavily in my ear. All of these things sent me hurtling towards erection-town at a speed of knots and felt myself getting hard. My erection had been pressing against her tummy and she gasped slightly. 

Looking down at my bulge, she grinned wickedly and looked at me, I could feel my cheeks flush with embarrassment. 

"Did I do that?" She asked me, a playful tone in her voice. I simply nodded, fairly certain she was going to freak out and scream or run away and I'd be placed on some sort of register, but she simply smiled and cupped my rod. She playfully squeezed the organ and whispered into my ear sexily.

"If I made it, I should get to see it. Follow me." Nancy pulled me away from my car and into the back area of the store. She took a quick peek around but saw no one. Still she took me behind two large blue wheelie bins to hide us from view. Satisfied, Nancy leant up and planted a soft kiss on my lips, her strawberry lip gloss tasted nice on my lips as we kissed. Breaking our lip lock, Nancy cheekily licked at my bottom lip and bit on hers.

She smiled and looked down at my bulge and nodded towards it. Getting with the program, I unbuckled my belt and unzipped my trousers reaching into my trousers, I pulled out my member which stood at an admirable eight inches. Licking her lips, Nancy dropped down onto her knees in front of me and smiled sweetly.

She wrapped her dainty right hand around my shaft and lightly jerked my skin, tugging the flesh upwards and downwards again. She opened her mouth and then wrapped her soft, luscious lips around my dick's head and closed it. Wrapping her lips around tightly, she playfully sucked on my cock, her tongue smacking against my dick's head as she moved up and down on my dick.

Pulling her mouth off of my shaft, Nancy tugged at my dick as she looked up at me. A big smile on her face as she jerked my member.

"I'm on break, I only have ten minutes so we'll have to make this quick." 

Nancy then pushed my dick up against my still shirt clad chest and licked the veiny underside of the organ. She ran her tongue up and down the underside, tracing all of the under belly making it nice and wet. As she made a second drop, Nancy took my left ball in her mouth and sucked on it. She looked up at me and smiled as she sucked it. The red-head playfully held the ball in her mouth and then let it fall from her oral grasp, she then took it back in her mouth and sucked it again. A trail of spit formed on my ball that ran from her mouth to my testicle.

Sucking on my ball, Nancy giggled lightly as it fell from her mouth. She then kissed the bottom of my shaft and ran her tongue upwards along my shaft again, and as she reached the tip, she enveloped the member. She was taking more of the member now, sucking past the head and taking a few inches in her mouth. She started to moan lightly as she cupped her right breast through her baggy blouse. Looking down at her, she had her eyes closed and I could see down her top. A view normally reserved for whenever she bent over in front of me.

Nancy happily bobbed her head up and down on my shaft, covering several inches while her free hand wrapped itself around my base and started to jerk it. Breaking the blowjob, she pulled her head off of my shaft and continued to jerk it slowly. With both of her hands on my groin now, she used her right hand to cup my ball sack while her left, ran up and down my member creasing and straightening the skin. She kissed the tip of it again and smiled as it puffed up to try and meet her lips.

"Y'know what am I going to do with all your cum? I can't take it on my tits. I'd ruin my uniform! And I can't go back to work with all your jizz on my face... Well, I suppose I'd have to swallow it won't I?" She smiled sexily and looked up at me, she ran her tongue along her bottom lip before biting it sexily.

She slowly stopped jerking my dick and took it back in her mouth, she took a lot more in at once this time though. Almost as if her previous sucking efforts were just to lubricate the member to help her swallow it. She had taken six of my eight inches and it was looking more and more likely that she could take all of it. With one last push, she managed to swallow all of the large shaft. Nancy pressed herself up against my groin and her nose fell into my pubic hair, her hands had snaked around my body and were resting on my arse cheeks. With each press into my pubes, she would squeeze my cheeks to indicate she was deep-throating me. 

Her mouth was starting to form more and more spit as she quickly bobbed her head up and down. Her sweet saliva fell out from the tight seal her mouth had formed and was falling onto the floor as she quickly brought me closer to the brink. Breaking her lip lock with my dick, she spat on my dick and rubbed it in.

"Are you going to cum soon?"

"Yeah..." I replied meekly. I looked down at her and she smiled.

"Good, I'd hate to think I was losing my touch." And with that she had swallowed my dick again, her lips were pressed tightly around my member and she was sucking it like her life depended on it. Her mouth was now pressed tightly around my shaft and with each rise and drop she made I could feel myself getting closer and closer to an orgasm.

"Nancy... I'm going to cum soon..." I warned her, but she didn't seem to care. She continued to suck my dick, her hands fell on the back of my knees to steady herself and as I started to cum she simply let me. My hips jerked and my member exploded into her mouth sending one, two, three, four spurts into her waiting mouth. 

As I came she simply waited for me to finish, patience obviously a virtue for the red headed Goddess in front of me. Satisfied that I had finished, she leant upwards and engulfed my dick once more, with my cum still in her mouth she happily bobbed up and down making my dick get even wetter. Nancy gave me one last deep throat and sucked up all of my cum and her spit. 

My dick started to deflate and she smiled. She slowly jerked my member watching as it almost fell to sleep.

"You doing anything tonight?" She asked me as she stopped jerking my dick and stood up.

"No. I've got the weekend off work."

"Great. Can you give me a lift home tonight? I think I may need some company." Putting on all of her charm, she had hooked her arms around my neck and whispered the last part of the sentence into my ear. 

"S... Sure. If you think you can squeeze me in to your social life heh heh."

"I'm sure I could fit you in between my legs."

"Oh Jesus... What time?"

"Six. Meet me out front?"

I nodded meekly which made her smile. Giving my dick one last squeeze she kissed me on the lips and made her way out from behind the skip.

"Come on, quick before someone sees!" 

With that I pulled up my trousers and boxers and made my way outside as well. Kissing me on the cheek she made her way back to the store. Just as I was ready to get into the car, she shouted after me.

"I finish at six!"

Grinning from ear to ear, I nodded and turned on the ignition. My car jumped to life and the radio flashed up showing '12:15' on the display. Four and four quarter hours to get ready. 

If this is going the way I think it will, I'd better head over to Boots and get some condoms.

***

Pulling up by the front, I had since showered and sprayed myself with more deodorant ready for the evening. Sitting by the front, I lightly drummed on the wheel in time with the CD I had on. I turned my head to the right as darkness engulfed the store. Within minutes, there was a knock on the window, Nancy stood there smiling so I beckoned her in.

"Hey Ben!" She said with a big grin. Climbing into the car, she gave me a big hug and lightly squeezed my dick 

"Boy, I've missed this! Can't wait to have it in me. Should we go?" Nancy lightly kissed me on my cheek and squeezed my member again.

"Absolutely. Where to?" 

Nancy gave me directions as we drove back to her house. We made remarkably light conversation as we headed back to her home. 

"Have you eaten?" I asked her as we made a turn.

"Yep. You?"

"Yeah. I guess we'll... We'll be getting right to it huh?"

"Oh yeah! We'll have to be quiet though, the walls are really thin and I'm a screamer."

Wonderful. I sneaked a quick look at her, and saw she had a Devilish grin on her face.

"I haven't strip teased in a while either... Would you like that?" She asked, leaning closer to me. Her voice a sexy whisper as I focused all my attention on the road.

"I would." I said with a grin. 

"Can we use this CD?" She asked, referring to the CD I was playing. It was The Doors and the song was 'Light my fire'. A very sexual song. I grinned and nodded again.

***

We finished the short drive back to her house and parked up. She unlocked the door to her flat and invited me inside. Stepping in, I smiled and look around. We were immediately in the kitchen, directly in front of us was the main area where an entertainment system stood with a large TV, there were two sofas in a corner and there was a large oak table in between the two. Next to the entertainment system were two doors, presumably bed rooms, inside the main room there was one more door leading to a bathroom. Admiring the place, I spoke up.

"Nice place."

"It's alright. The company's what makes it really nice though." She said with a smile. Shutting the door behind us. Turning around, Nancy grinned and ran into my arms. She jumped up and let me catch her mid-air. My hands fell on her arse letting me squeeze it making her moan. We then shared a passionate kiss, our tongues intertwined as she wrapped her arms around my necks and pulled me in deeper. I could feel her breasts pushing up against my chest, we stumbled around blindly as we kissed.

Falling into the main area, my knees bumped against the sofa, looking behind me, I was more than happy to simply fall down on it. Nancy broke the kiss and let out a girlish shriek as we fell, we laughed as we flopped onto the sofa. We shared another quick kiss as she unhooked her legs and arms, she then pushed herself off of me and stood up. Walking over to the CD player on the wall, scrolling along she found the right track.

I pulled myself closer to the edge of the sofa and watched as the sound of thunder and lightning filled the room. The start of 'Light My Fire' filled the room and Nancy brought my attention to her face. She had a look of pure lust on her face as she started to unbutton her blouse, button by button more of her cleavage became revealed to me. Turning her back to me, she finished undoing her top and slid it off her body. Holding her blouse up by one arm she let it drop to the floor, then with one fell swoop she swung her right leg around and planted it on the table. 

Running her hand down her leg and back up again, making me follow her hand all over her luscious leg. It ran back up to her skirt and to the side, she bent over again, her arse being shown in all its glory. Unzipping her skirt, she slowly dragged the zipper down and let her step out of it.

Now, she was only clad in her bra and knickers. A matching pair of a lime green bra and a black thong with a light green trim. She still had on her nylon tights from at work, she was ready to roll them down her legs when she looked at me and grinned. Stopping, she stood up and gyrated in between me and the system. 

Running her hands up and down her body, she squeezed her breasts and playfully tugged at the bra. She played around, as if unsure as to what she wanted to do. Turning her back to me, she then unclasped the bra and slid it down her arms. Looking over her shoulder, she playfully tossed it to me giggling as I dived for it. The show wasn't over though, as Morrison sang his way to the climax, she bent over in front of me, her breasts hanging down in front of her. Looking behind at me, she lightly smacked her own arse and started to peel down her thong. Inch by agonising inch, the tiny fabric ran down from between her cheeks down to her legs. It ran past her knees and hit the floor, she stepped out of the now wet panties. Picking them up with her foot, she scrumpled them up and tossed them up so she could catch them. 

Repeating the process, she tossed the thong over her shoulder at me. Nancy was now only clad in the needle keeping her hair in place. She slowly slid the needle out and her bun fell to pieces, her luscious fire red hair fell down. With one fell swoop, Nancy spun round and let me drink in her naked body.

Her breasts were a formidable 34B, she had lightly tanned areolas with nice puffy nipples. She had a nice tight tummy that ran down to her groin where she had a thin landing strip of pubic hair. Grinning, she put her hands on her hips and struck a pose.

"Impressed?" She said with a grin, walking towards me.

"Very."

"Good. Now get those fucking clothes off." I looked down and realised that I was still dressed. Grinning like an idiot, I nodded and pulled off my shirt and unbuckled my jeans. Yanking down my boxers just as quickly. Nancy gave me a playful wolf whistle as my dick sprung free. 

"Hey there cutey. You missed me?" She said with a grin, getting on to her knees she playfully jerked my dick.

"It's missed you. I can tell you that. But... I want to taste you too. Sit on my face." I said, giving her a playful order. 

Giggling, she gave me a mock salute and nodded. I climbed down on the sofa and Nancy straddled my face. She knelt down slowly letting her pussy get closer to my face, just as she was about to sit down, she decided to spin around so that she was facing my groin.

She sat on my face, her warm pussy pressed against my face. I could feel her juices running down as she'd gotten wet with the actions of the strip tease. I held onto her by her thighs and pressed my tongue inside her folds. Forcing my tongue inside, I absorbed a lot of her taste as she wriggled on my face. I pushed my tongue inside her and started to explore her folds. Running it from the bottom of her lips to the tip I smiled as I heard her moan. 
