 As Julie turned around in her bed she opened her eyes and looked at the clock on her bedside table. It said 7.45am which meant she was now running late for work. Julie got out of bed and made her way to the bathroom where she showered quickly and dried her shoulder length dark hair with a towel then giving it a quick brush. 

She then pulled on her black lace panties and matching bra before pulling on a blouse and buttoning up 5 of its 6 buttons. Moving to her bedroom Julie slipped on her black stockings then pulled on her black work skirt. A few seconds later she was pulling on her black knee high boots then made her way to the front door. On reaching the front door she put her scarf around her neck, put her jacket on then grabbed her gloves and purse before heading out and slamming the door behind her and locking it. 

She prayed the bus was running late this morning and she was lucky it was. The only problem was that the bus stop was full of people. As the bus pulled up everyone boarded, her being the last one on the bus. She looked for an empty seat but there were none. As she moved to the back of the bus the driver stepped on the gas causing everyone to move toward the rear. Julie lost her balance as she spun around in an attempt to grab a pole and dropped onto a seated gentleman's lap.

"Oh I'm so sorry," Julie stated as she started to get up.

"It is not a problem," The man said as he quickly grabbed her hips holding her in place on his lap.

As the bus was too crowded she was not able to turn around to slap him in the face. As she sat there Julie began to feel something growing under her and her eyes widened. Still unable to stand up the growing bulge below her began to stir naughty thoughts in her head and she began to wiggle her ass around to get more comfortable. As she did the man she was sitting on shifted forward slightly offering more of his lap for her sit on. Julie squirmed around a bit more to get the man's bulge aligned then began to slowly rock to and fro and grateful that the bus was so crowded.

"Would you be so kind as to rise up for just a moment?" The man whispered in her ear as he leaned forward slightly to her.

Julie raised herself about 3 inches then heard the sound of a zipper then felt something poke hard poke her. She then felt the back of her skirt being pulled up and being raised the back of it being raised to her waist. He then placed his hands on her hips and pulled her hips back down as her ass rested on his lap again. This time there was a tell-tale difference. She could feel his bare cock rubbing directly against her ass cheeks. After some more squirming about she realized that she was now in the mood to be fucked. She didn't care where she was, she needed to be fucked and fucked now.

Julie then moved her hands under the hem of her skirt and caught hold of her panties and pulled them down her legs to her knees. She then rose slightly reaching underneath her and took his hard cock in her hand and placed it at the entrance of her pussy then sat down on his dick. He anticipated her move and as she sat down he thrust his hips upward sliding his dick inside her. The motion of the bus now helped things along bouncing her up and down on his lap. She was getting exactly what she needed, a hard cock. As she clamped her pussy muscles around his manhood deep inside her she gripped and released around his now hard throbbing cock and the motion of the bus bounced her up and down on his hard on. Each time the bus hit a pot hole on the road it pushed his cock deeper and deeper into her pussy filling her full of his man meat. 

She had always loved doggie style and reverse cowboy, but being fucked on a bus in broad daylight was a new one to her. Suddenly the bus pulled to a stop and she almost slid off his cock but his quick reactions kept her on his lap. His cock had slipped out of her hot wet pussy and was now settled on her asshole. He pulled her back before she could stop him. She had never had a cock in her ass before and wasn't sure she wanted one there right now, but alas it was too late. His cock being quite lubricated from the fucking her pussy was now in her asshole. His cock head had slipped past her sphincter opening and was now slowly entering her.

She couldn't believe she was now being ass fucked and on a crowded bus as well but it felt so damned good. She started pushing her ass back against his cock driving it deeper and deeper inside her ass. Then as the bus driver hit the gas again the strangers cock was now balls deep in her ass. Nothing had ever felt this good before. She loved it and didn't know why she had never tried it before. She knew right then that getting her ass fucked was something she would be trying more of in the future.

No one on the bus had noticed the two them. They were all busy reading their newspaper or, texting on their phones. The two of them were in a world all their own, deeply attached and getting more so by the minute. The bouncing of the bus, the thrill of getting caught all created a sexual crescendo neither was expecting. She could feel his cock expanding inside her filling even more of her virgin asshole. He pulled her back toward his chest, reached up with a hand to cover her mouth, and began thrusting his hips up and down, fucking her asshole as hard as he could as Julie began to moan and whimper.

At this précised moment she didn't care if anyone caught them or not all she wanted was his cum inside her. She began to bounce in rhythm his cock and the motion of the bus which pushed his cock even deeper into her ass. Release was coming, she could feel a familiar tingling like never before. She knew she was moments away from orgasm. He wanted to throw her to the floor of the bus, grab her hips and just hammer his cock further into her ass.

The tingles began at the edges of his balls; he could feel his cock growing in anticipation of release, it was one he knew would surpass any before. Thrusting deeper and deeper into her asshole, his cock was ready. So was she. She couldn't scream out but she did try against his hand. All that was heard over the roar of the bus engine and crowded conversations was a low moan. Her orgasm hit her and hit her hard. She saw stars and heard triumphant horns. His cock erupted deep up her ass and she could feel every pulse, every squirt of his cum, every jerk of his cock as he spewed his cum into her asshole. It was hotter than anything she had ever felt before.

Slowly they began to recover from their respective orgasms. She swayed slightly as his cock slowly stopped and they knew it was over. The crowd around them never even blinked an eye, never noticing, it was as if time had stopped. When the bus came to another stop she slithered off his cock and stood up ever so slightly letting her panties pool at her ankles as he pulled her skirt back down into place. As he was putting his cock back in his pants and closed his zipper Julie quickly picked her panties up scrunching them in her hand. She then sat back down and just rested squeezing her muscles tightly to prevent his cum from leaking out. 

All too soon it was her stop. She stood up and grabbed the bell rope and tugged. The bus came to a stop but not before she reached back and handed the man her panties. She strode off the bus still clenching her anal muscles. Julie turned to the right and headed to her office. As she entered the office, her secretary looked up at her. She had a strange look on her face, as if she was seeing something different.

"What is it, Suzy?" Julie asked.

"Oh, I suppose it's nothing. You just look like you jumped out of bed." Suzy answered back.

"Yeah, sorry about that, but basically I did," Julie replied then turned and walked into her office and sat down to contemplate what had just happened. 

Opening her purse she took out her makeup mirror and checked her appearance. Her face was flushed, her hair frazzled, her blouse dishevelled and she had that just fucked look. No wonder Suzy gave her a funny look. She got up and went into the bathroom off her office and took the next 15-20 minutes cleaning up best as she could. As she sat back down at her desk and began the day's activities just as her phone rang. It was Suzy.

"Uh, there is a gentleman here to see you. He won't give his name but said you would be interested in meeting with him. He said something about a ride?" Suzy said quizzically. 

"Send him in, please." Julie said and rose to greet her visitor. 

He entered her office and closed the door behind him. As he extended his hand he opened his fingers and revealed her black lace panties.

"Would you like these back?" He asked. 

Julie knew the start to her day was about to get even better.