 Kurt tossed socks and underwear from a duffel bag into a drawer in his dorm room. He had finished his summer job with the Forest Service only two days ago, allowing only a single day to pack his return to college. A junior business major, he was a dean's list student and plays striker on the varsity men's soccer team. Soccer practice was beginning tomorrow, and the campus was populated sparsely by teams reporting early for fall practice.

The next week was exhausting, in spite of the rugged conditioning with the Forest Service. Twice-a-day practices were trying his aerobic conditioning, and after second practice he ate dinner, read for a while, and slept for eight or nine hours. He awoke early and usually took a long walk to enjoy the solitude of the sunrise and the beauty of the campus. It was still too early for fall, but he could smell the signs of it in the early morning air. Fall was his favorite time of year.

Although he had dated occasionally during the previous two years, Kurt had no lasting relationship or "permanent" girlfriend. He had liked several girls, but none had captured his interest in a lasting way. Several of the girls on the women's soccer and lacrosse teams flirted with him over lunch – the only meal that was co-ed among returning athletes – and he smiled without "taking the bait."

Janice Kroeger was another matter. The women's soccer coach was a definite distraction. She wore tight shorts that were inappropriately short for soccer, and she frequently wore sleeveless tops that did little to hide a large and apparently firm bosom. A very confident attitude and commanding presence did little to diminish her attractiveness in Kurt's mind. She occasionally caught him watching her and would always smile as he looked away. Her boyfriend picked her up almost daily in his silver Porsche, quickly dismissing any thought he or anyone else might have about her 'availability'.

Kurt sat under an apple tree, reading the class schedule for the coming semester. "Apples already picked," he thought, "no chance of any Newtonian experience here." He thought briefly about Janice Kroeger, then dismissed his thoughts. "Looks like another year of no relationship," he thought to himself. He was wrong.

Chapter Two

Sitting through the first hour of a statistics class was every bit as boring as he expected it to be. Professor Knapp droned on at length about the practical utility of the course, in an obvious though probably futile effort to inspire the class. Kurt had put off taking the course, though it was required for his major. The class was an obvious mixture of freshmen through seniors. Professor Knapp finally liberated them five minutes ahead of schedule, and he worked his way down from an upper tier of the classroom to the exit.

As he took deliberate steps toward the door, a quiet feminine voice arrested his retreat.

"Excuse me. Could you help me?"

He turned to his right and locked eyes with a young woman he had not met before. She was of medium height – perhaps 5'5" or 5'6" – long brunette hair, and very cute. She held her books in her arms pressed to her chest. She looked a little confused and summoned a bewildered smile.

"Hi, I'm Kristine. I'm a freshman, and my next class starts in less than 10 minutes, and I don't have a clue how to find it."

"Hi. I'm Kurt. Where's the class?"

"It says "SB-16C."

"That's the science building, first floor. Walk diagonally across the quad from here, and it's the very big 3-story brick building. I think 16C is on the left when you go in the front entrance, but I'm not sure. I try to stay away from there."

She laughed.

"You're not a science major, I presume."

"Nope. Business."

"Thanks, much. I'd better get a move on."

"Good luck."

He watched as she walked away. She was wearing Bermuda shorts that stretched tightly around a very shapely derriere. She turned once to look back, and he managed to overt his eyes just in time.

He walked into the dining commons just after 6:00. He had showered quickly after soccer practice and changed into jeans and a t-shirt. He stood in line as he mentally reviewed tomorrow's class schedule.

"It was to the right."

The voice seemed familiar. He turned and saw the new girl three persons behind him.

"What?"

"SB-16C is to the right when you walk in the front entrance. I went to the left and walked halfway around the building before I figured it out." She was grinning.

"Sorry. Well, at least I got the right building."

"Brownie points for the right building." She grinned as she spoke.

He worked his way through the service line and walked to the drink dispensers. Halfway through pouring a glass of milk, he heard her again.

"Mind if I sit with you? I don't know anyone else?"

"You don't know me either, but sure. Let's sit over there." What was her name?

He reached the table ahead of her and watched as she worked her way through the maze of tables to where he was sitting. For the first time he noticed that she seemed unusually well-endowed, and he remembered the books that she had held close to her chest.

"I just got here yesterday. I missed freshman orientation. My roommate is stranded somewhere by an airline. And I haven't really met anyone except you."

"What a mess. Well, at least you avoided orientation. They make you sing the school song and a lot of other dumb things. They didn't threaten a make-up session, did they?"

"No," she laughed.

"What's your major – or have you declared one?"

"Engineering."

"Engineering? You don't look like an engineer – er, you don't seem like an engineer."

"Engineering," she repeated with a grin.

"You love math and physics, I presume."

"I did well in math and physics."

"Well, the school is well-known for engineering."

"I know." Another grin. "Did you say you're a junior?"

"I don't recall saying, but I am a junior."

Her blouse was buttoned up to the second button from the top, but he watched the movement of her breasts when she breathed.

"What happened to your arm?" she asked, nodding toward the abrasion on the underside of his left forearm.

"Soccer practice. My feet weren't quite quick enough."

"You play soccer? There's a game later this week, isn't there?"

"Yeah. Friday afternoon."

"Can I go?"

"You can go if you paid for your activities card."

"Great. I'll cheer you on." She flashed another grin that he found cute – even attractive.

They finished eating over idle small talk and said a polite "good-bye" as they left the dining commons.

Chapter Three

Kurt sat at the edge of the field panting. They had defeated a formidable rival, 3 to 1, and he had scored one of the three goals. It was a gratifying start of a new season. Janice Kroeger had walked by after the game had ended and without pausing had remarked, "Nice game." He looked up and grinned, but she was already three steps beyond.

"Hey, Kurt, great game!"

He looked up to see Kristine in the stands, three tiers up.

"Thanks."

"Want to get a coke or something?" She asked without a trace of self-consciousness.

"Uh, sure. Can you give me 20 to shower and change?"

"I'll be right here."

He smiled at her and trotted off to the locker room. The shower took less than five minutes. He dried off and quickly slipped into cotton slacks and a polo shirt. He was back at the stands in 15 minutes, where Kristine sat waiting.

"Let's go," he said. She stood and walked down to meet him.

They walked to a casual restaurant just off the west side of campus, talking briefly about the soccer game as they walked.

"Let's order out," she suggested with enthusiasm.

"Where do you want to eat?"

"Someplace nice on campus."

They ordered hamburgers, fries and cokes "to go" and walked together back to the campus. He led the way as they walked to a quiet wooded area on the far side of the soccer field. He approached one of three picnic tables, but she stopped him and pointed to a grassy area near a group of fir trees. She was wearing shorts again and a top that neither called attention to nor concealed her ample bosom.

"Well, you've survived almost a week. How's it feel?" He asked.

"Fine! Great! I think I'm really going to like it."

They talked briefly about some personal history. She had finished salutatorian in her graduating class (but really deserved valedictorian because of her far more rigorous curriculum). She had one brother, older, and lived a middle class existence. She had won a significant scholarship that permitted her to attend so expensive a school.

He had performed similarly (though not quite so dramatically) well in high school and had won his scholarship through a combination of academics and athletics. He had played on the varsity soccer squad since his freshman year. He was alienated from his family for reasons that he didn't explain (and she didn't ask) and had just finished three months of working for the U.S. Forest Service.

"Got a girlfriend?" She asked. "Or girlfriends?"

"Nope. You applying?"

His rejoinder produced a hint of embarrassment, but she quickly composed herself.

"Maybe."

He laughed and reached for her wrist. He was lying on his side and pulled her down to face him.

"Are you a good kisser?"

"Would you take my word for it, or would you need evidence?" She asked, sardonically.

"Not that I don't trust you, Kristine, but how can you possibly be objective?"

She leaned toward him and pressed her lips to his. His arm went around her neck, pulling her closer still. The kiss lasted for almost a minute.

"Not bad," he whispered after releasing the kiss.

"Oh, not bad, huh?"

She leaned into him again, pressing her lips to his. He wasn't certain, but he thought he felt the hint of her tongue tracing his lip. He parted his lips slightly and felt her thrust her tongue into his mouth. He sucked on it and caressed it with his own tongue.

"Better?" She asked, pulling away slightly.

"More!"

He pulled her back. He lay flat on his back, and she lay across the right side of his chest. Their tongues began another 'duel', and they kissed repeatedly for several minutes. He reached to put a hand on her shoulder and touched instead her right breast. His hand recoiled, but she thrust her breast back into his palm, and he caressed it lightly as they continued to kiss. He could feel the nipple swelling beneath his touch as a similar event was taking place in his crotch.

Laying across his chest, Kristine positioned her elbows and held her chin in her hands. From his vantage point, Kurt could see down her polo shirt the pronounced cleavage of her breasts. She made eye contact with him.

"Like 'em?"

"They're very big, Kristine. Very big. What size are they?"

"34DDD. Too big for you?"

He shook his head slowly as he smiled at her.

"Do you wanta see them?"

"Are you serious?"

She looked over her shoulder to confirm their solitude and turned back to him. She reached beneath herself and tugged the front of her shirttail up, pulling it above her breasts. She wore a navy-colored bra beneath the navy polo shirt, and her cleavage looked to be six inches long. The bra fastened in front.

She smiled at him, and he stared back – not sure what to say, but hoping she would continue. She didn't disappoint. She twisted the plastic fastener and pulled the cups back to let her breasts cascade over his chest.

They were big. BIG. Maybe even huge. Round. Firm. Buoyant. Decorated by nipples that were large and swollen. He slowly raised his arms to position his hands at his shoulders. His eyes met her, and she only smiled. His fingers wrapped slowly around the outside of both globes, squeezing inward firmly. She raised her shoulders, drawing them up and off his chest, and he slipped his hands beneath both – caressing them, squeezing them gently.

"Do you like?" She whispered almost breathlessly.

"Are you kidding, Kristine? They're beautiful!"

"Do you want to suck?" 

He smiled, and she raised her torso to scoot higher on his chest. She swung the right breast close to his mouth, and he sucked the nipple between his lips.

"Oh, Kurt! That feels so good!"

He sucked the nipple and as much of her breast into his mouth as he could. He worked the nipple back and forth between his lips, as her breathing came in little gasps. He felt her hand touching the shaft of his swollen cock through his slacks. Her touch startled him, but not enough to dislodge her nipple from his mouth.

"Let me take it out," she whispered.

He raised his head, releasing her nipple, and looked around somewhat nervously as she pulled his zipper down. She smiled as she slipped a hand inside his fly, working it inside his boxers and taking hold of his cock. She continued to smile as she slowly drew it out and slowly stroked the shaft.

"It's so big and hard. Let me stroke it."

She didn't wait for an answer as her fingers slid around the shaft and began stroking from base to tip.

"Suck this one," she said, pushing her left breast into his mouth.

He sucked in deeply, turning the nipple with his tongue, loving the feel of her hand on his cock. She moved her hand more rapidly, pausing near the head and making multiple, rapid movements of her fingers around the head. Pulling her nipple away from his mouth, she looked into his eyes.

"Do you want to cum?"

He stared back at her, too embarrassed to answer her, but nodding. She smiled and resumed stroking his cock, pushing him down onto his shoulder blades when he attempted to suck at her nipple again. Her eyes alternated between his eyes and his cock. He began to squirm and buck beneath her. She slid more to his side, seeming to want to watch both his eyes and his cock.

"Do it for me!" she urged in what was almost a hiss. "Let it go! Make it squirt!"

He groaned as he thrust his pelvis upward beneath her. He hadn't cum in several days, and he could feel the pressure building – finally exploding – semen surging from his balls and up his shaft – exploding outward.

"Yes! Cum for me!" she urged.

Her hand continued to pump up and down his shaft, jerking hard upward as each of the expulsions surged from the tip of his cock. He finally lay quiet, eyes closed, breathing rapidly. She leaned to kiss his mouth, the fullness of her breasts pressed to his chest.

"Feel good?" she asked.

"So good," he said quietly, eyes still closed. "What about you?"

"Don't worry about me. I've already cum three times."

"No way!"

"Way. I didn't want to distract you."

"So you're not going to let me help you?"

"Did I say that?"

He grinned, opening his eyes at last, staring into hers. He turned to his right side, rolling her off beside him onto her side. He fussed for a minute, slipping his cock back into his pants – watching her feign a pout as he did so. He leaned toward her, kissing her mouth, sliding lower to take her right breast back into his mouth. He sucked it hard as he reached for the waistband of her shorts. He flicked the button open and pulled the zipper down. Sliding the fingers of his left hand beneath her panties, he forced a knee between her legs.

She crooked her right leg, raising it to give him less fettered access. His fingers slid over the close-cropped patch of hair and caressed the lips of her pussy. She moaned softly as he slid the tips of two fingers up and down her slit – parting her lips and finding her swollen clit with the tip of his middle finger.

The pad of his fingertip slid over and around her clit – teasing it from side to side – circling it. He sucked her nipple hard as his fingers moved ever so lightly over her clit. She squirmed beneath his touch, anxious to give him better access. He reached lower and pressed the tip of his middle finger against her opening. She moaned again and he pushed until it penetrated her. She was wet. Very wet, and his finger easily slid deeper inside her.

"Oh, yes, yes. Oh yes!" she moaned softly.

Her pelvis rocked slowly back and forth as his finger pushed deeper still. He pulled it almost entirely out and sensed her alarm until he thrust it back – deeper this time. The tip of his finger touched her cervix, and she rocked up against it. He pumped it in and out, curling it to stroke her inner walls. Her breath came increasingly in gasps.

"Oh! Oh, Kurt! Oh my!"

She thrust her pelvis toward his hand, forcing his finger deeper as her body shook and she gasped for air. Then she was silent – still. She lay quietly, feeling him gently sucking her nipple. Reluctant to pull it away from his mouth. Finally, he raised his mouth and looked at her.

"Feel good?"

She grinned.

"So good."

"Let's fix you up before someone catches us."

He pulled her panties back into position, zipped up her shorts and fumbled with the button on her waistband until she pushed his hands away and buttoned it herself. She put both hands on his shoulders and leaned to kiss him again.

"That was so nice."

"Yes it was." He smiled back.

He walked her slowly back to her dorm, one arm around her waist, his hand at the small of her back. A few steps outside the dorm they paused for a final kiss.

"Will I see you again?" she asked.

"Surely you jest," he smirked. "How about tomorrow night? We can grab another quick bite and go for a drive. Six?"

"See you at six."

She lightly kissed him again and turned to walk into the dorm. He waited until she was well inside and walked slowly back to his dorm. He was glad that he had a private room. Once inside he undressed completely and sat on the edge of his desk. He slowly jacked off as he mentally relived the events of the past two and a half hours. As his orgasm approached, he stood, turned, and thrust his pelvis forward, urging the jizz from his balls. 

"Oh, fuck! Fuck yes!"

He was surprised at how rapidly he had recovered, as he sprayed cum across the top of his desk. He leaned against the edge of the desk for a minute or longer, then grabbed a roll of toilet paper to clean up the mess. He was asleep minutes thereafter.

Kristine wasn't yet asleep. Her roommate still hadn't appeared, so she lay in bed naked, one hand between her thighs, the other massaging her breasts. Her fingers danced over her clit, and her body reacted with a violence that she had suppressed earlier. She pictured Kurt in her mind as the waves of the orgasm washed over her. Then she slept.

. . . to be continued . . .