 Chapter Three

Kristine walked into the lobby of her dorm at 5:58 and saw Kurt sitting across the room reading a magazine. She walked toward him, hoping he would look up. He did. He grinned as he stood.

"Well, hi. Haven't seen you in a while."

She smiled and took his hand. They walked across the lobby and out the door to Kurt's aging but well-running car. He opened the door for her and she slid in, taking care to keep her short skirt down around her thighs.

"Where we off to?" she quizzed.

"I thought we could grab a quick bite and drive out to the lake before the sun sets. It's really beautiful."

"Great. Let's go."

He looked around and leaned to kiss her briefly on the mouth. As he released the kiss and pulled away, she grabbed his lower lip between her teeth and forced him to drag it away. He smiled and started the car.

They stopped at a nearby Burger King and drove through the drive-thru window.

"Sorry for the lack of elegance, Kristine."

"Don't you dare apologize. I'm on a scholarship too, remember. Besides, I love Burger King."

After picking up their order, Kurt drove toward the lake. Kristine fed him French fries as he drove. They pulled into a parking area as the sun began descending behind the forest of tall pines that surrounded the lake. Kristine handed him a napkin, followed by a hamburger. She set their drinks on the drive-shaft tunnel, the car being a little too old to include cup holders.

They chatted as they ate, talking about the event of the day. Kristine's roommate had finally materialized, along with her "ton of stuff." She seemed likable enough, although unlike Kristine, she wasn't that serious a student.

Coach had cancelled soccer practice, so Kurt had had a couple of extra hours to himself later in the afternoon. He had spent the time reading for his business law course. Though their conversation was light and comfortable, there was an air of uncertainty to it; and he suspected it had something to do with last night.

"Did you have a nice time last night," he finally asked.

She turned toward him and grinned her increasingly famous grin.

"I had a great time! Did you?"

He replied by smiling back at her. She gathered the paper wrappings from their meal, stuffed it into the bag, and put it in the back seat. Leaning toward him, she placed her left hand on Kurt's right thigh and squeezed gently. He put a hand beneath her chin, tilting her head up slightly and kissing her on the mouth. Her tongue thrust between his lips and teased his tongue as they kissed.

Kurt's left hand slipped beneath her right breast and squeezed gently. She was wearing a very white polo shirt and a short black skirt. He caressed her breast, urging her nipple to rise and getting the desired response. Tugging at her shirt tail, he pulled it free from the waistband of her skirt and slipped his hand beneath it to caress the warm, bare skin of her belly. She moaned softly into his mouth as his hand slipped inside the cup of her bra to caress her breast. She pulled her mouth away from his.

"I don't think you'd like me if I had a flat chest," she said quietly in a pouty way.

"I think I disagree, but since you don't have a flat chest, how will we ever know?"

His fingers and thumb stroked outward on her nipple, and she pressed her mouth back to his. Her hand slipped over the bulge along his thigh and lightly stroked it with the tips of her fingernails. Now it was his turn to moan. He felt her hand at the buckle to his belt and continued to kiss her and tease her nipple as she unfastened his belt and unzipped his fly. Her small hand slipped inside his boxers again and eased his swollen cock out. She stroked it lightly as their tongues thrust and parried.

Moving his hand reluctantly away from her breast, Kurt slipped it up under her skirt and between her thighs. He felt her spread her thighs, and he rubbed the tips of two fingers over her panty-clad slit. She moaned again – louder – and tilted her pelvis upward to give him easier access. He tugged the crotch of her panties aside and rubbed his fingers over her bare slit. She was smooth as silk, and he suppressed a grin, knowing that she had to have shaved it last night.

Kristine pulled her head away from him and stared into his eyes.

"Did you bring some protection?"

"Yes."

"Where is it?"

"Anxious?"

"Yes!"

He reached across her to open the glove box and extracted a condom in its foil pouch. As he tore the pouch to extract the condom, she huffed and puffed while pulling his boxers down over his hips. She raised her own hips to slide her panties over her hips and down her thighs to her ankles. She kicked them off with a toss of her feet.

Her eyes watched intently as he applied the condom to the tip of his cock and slowly rolled it down the shaft. He turned and looked at her, and she twisted her torso in the seat to press her shoulders against the passenger door. She pulled both feet up into the seat and spread her knees wide.

Kurt got onto his knees on the seat and leaned toward her. He felt her hand grasp his condom-sheathed cock and guide it – then felt the near rapture of the head penetrating her and sliding slowly inside her. She kissed the side of his neck repeatedly as he penetrated her more deeply, moaning softly between kisses. She gasped a little as the head of his cock pressed against her cervix and pushed on his chest, urging him to raise himself above her. He did – and watched as she pulled the bottom of her polo shirt up and over her breasts, letting it bunch there above them. She unfastened her bra, letting her breasts spill out, and pulled him back to her.

He pulled his hips away from her, withdrawing his cock to the very tip, and thrust it deep back inside her. She gasped on his withdrawal and again as he thrust back into her. She was tight, but very wet, and the length and thickness of his cock filled her fully. This time as he withdrew, she tilted her pelvis back, and thrust it forward as he plunged back into her. They both panted and moaned, saying nothing as their moved with one another.

Kurt's thrusting suddenly became more urgent. She could sense the change and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, thrusting her pelvis up to meet his penetrating cock. He stabbed it into her repeatedly. He began to speak as his thrusts became more urgent:

"Oh, oh, oh!"

A final thrust into her, and he held his pubic bone hard against her as he elevated above her on his arms – his cum surging into the reservoir tip of the condom – his passion overwhelming his immediate thoughts:

"Ohhhhhhhhh, fuckkkkkk!"

He no sooner said it than he panicked: ("How could I say that? What will she think?")

He held himself above her, his eyes closed, for several seconds, hoping desperately that he hadn't offended her. Finally, he looked down through half-closed eyelids to see her staring at him, unsmiling but definitely not angry. She finally spoke in a quiet voice:

"Do you like to fuck me, Kurt?"

Silence.

"You're going to have to answer me. Do you like to fuck me?"

"Yes." He spoke very quietly, not keeping eye contact with her.

"Good! Because I loved having you fuck me. Look at me!" She smiled up at him. "Can't you see how much I loved having you fuck me?"

"Did you cum?"

"No. Not yet. But we're not finished. Not by a long shot."

He grinned at her. He could feel his cock shrinking inside her and took hold of the condom as he pulled out of her. She handed him some tissues which he used to wipe himself off and wrap the condom.

"Did you bring more?"

"Why?"

"We're going to need them. I told you that we're not finished."

He smiled as he reached to open the glove box again, from which he produced a full (minus one) package of 12 condoms. He removed another foil packet and placed it on the dash board.

They sat quietly for a few minutes, kissing, caressing, fondling. Kurt sucked and pulled at her nipples until they were both erect and rock hard.

"I can feel that all the way down to my pussy, you know."

"Does it feel good?"

She grinned her answer.

"Let me suck on that cock."

He leaned back in the seat and watched as she leaned across his lap and took his cock in her mouth. With her eyes upturned to his, she pushed as far down its length as she could, feeling the head at the entrance to her throat. As she pulled up, her hand wrapped around the shaft and stroked it as her lips played around the head. She raised her head:

"Do you like that?"

"Mmmmmm, yes!"

"Do you want to cum in my mouth?"

"No. I want to fuck you again!"

She smiled and reached for the foil packet. She tore it open and removed the condom, pressing it over the head of Kurt's cock and rolling it down over his shaft. She turned her back to him and leaned forward on her knees, looking back over her shoulder.


"Give it to me, baby."

Kurt smiled and positioned himself behind her, rubbing the head of his cock up and down the length of her slit. She impatiently wiggled back against him, and he resolved her impatience by pressing the head to her opening and pushing his cock inside her in a single, smooth thrust.

"Ohhhhh, yes!" she cried. "Push it in hard, Kurt! Fuck me!"

Kurt took her shirttail and pulled to raise it over her shoulders and arms – along with her bra. She looked at him over her shoulder:

"What if somebody comes?"

"No one is going to come – except you."

He removed the shirt and bra, placing them on the drive shaft tunnel. His hands slid up her torso to cup her breasts:

"You have such nice tits, Kristine!"

"You like my tits, don't you, baby?"

"I love your tits. I'd have my hands on your tits all the time if I could."

"We'll work out a compromise. Play with my tits and fuck me!"

Kurt wrapped his hands around her huge tits and thrust his cock into her deep again. He began methodically thrusting in, pulling outward, thrusting in again. Kristine pushed back to meet each of his thrusts, thrilling to his fingers and thumbs fondling her nipples. She pushed back against him harder and harder as he thrust into her. He could sense that her orgasm was approaching.

"Ohhhhh, yessssss! I'm cumming!  Oh, baby, fuck me. I'm cumming!"

He continued to thrust into her as her body trembled against him. She quickly became very quiet, and he held her still against him, respecting her silence. He kissed the back of her neck and shoulder as his palms supported her breasts.

"Do you want to cum on my tits?" She finally broke the silence.

"Is that what you want?"

She leaned forward, forcing his cock to withdraw from her. She turned to face him and pressed her massive tits together.

"Fuck 'em, Kurt. Fuck that big dick between my tits!"

"You little slut. How did you get such a dirty mouth?"

"I'm your little slut, mister. And I love being a slut during sex; but I will always be a lady otherwise."

"So you want to be my little slut, huh?"

"I am your little slut. Now fuck my tits!"

Kurt raised higher on his knees and pushed the shaft of his cock between Kristine's tits. He began to push his cock up between her fleshy orbs, the head appearing with each upward thrust.

"You love fucking those big tits, don't you, Kurt?"

"Ohhh, Kristine, fuck yes! I love fucking them."

"I want your cum all over them. Spurt that jism for me!"

His balls rubbed against her chest as he fucked his cock between her tits. He was close to cumming and knew he couldn't hold it back.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, baby! There . . . it . . . cums! Oh, fuck! Yessss!"

The cum shot forward in one . . . two . . . three bursts – two on her right breast and the third in the cleavage between her breasts. She reached to grip the cheeks of his ass, holding him close to her as he wrapped his arms behind her head.

"Mmmmm, so much cum, baby," she whispered. "You painted my tits with it."

"That was so good, Kristine," he spoke back quietly. "I feel drained."

"Well, we had better get you to bed early. We both have some studying to do tomorrow, and I want more of your cock tomorrow night."

"Are you insatiable?"

She gripped his semi-hard cock and smiled at him.

"I doubt that I'll ever get enough of this hard fucker."

"We'll have to test that theory."

Kristine removed a packet of wipes from her purse, and they both proceeded to clean up, sharing the task of wiping down her tits. After putting their clothing back in place, they made the return drive to the campus and parted after a brief kiss at Kristine's dorm.

Kurt parked the car behind his dorm and walked to his room. He kicked off his shoes and lay down on the bed, and within moments he was fast asleep with a smile on his face.

. . . to be continued . . .