 The following is another true story. It details the late night tale of me, my friend Kristy, a sloppy wet booty call, and a hilarous, not-so-clean escape from the scene of the crime.

It was the dawn of a new millennium, and I was in-between girlfriends. I'd admittedly hit a dry spell: it had been several weeks since I'd last gotten laid, and I was getting pretty grumpy about it. After staring at the ceiling one Friday night, a name suddenly popped into my head: Kristy. Ten seconds later, even though it was midnight, I was dialing the phone.

Kristy had liked me all throughout high school. I'd blown her off back then, but once in college I heard stories that she'd turned into a bit of a slut. The next time we ran into each other these tales were confirmed, and it wasn't long after meeting again that Kristy was bouncing happily off the end of my cock. We became instant fuck-buddies, and over time we'd called upon each other on a semi-regular but consistent basis.

On this particular night I hadn't seen or talked to Kristy for at least three years. I wasn't even sure if her phone number was still good. Closing my eyes, I prayed that I wouldn't get a pre-recorded disconnect message. Luckily, I wasn't disappointed. 

"Hello?"

"Hey Kristy it's me, Dave." As I waited for a reaction, I could hear the loud sounds of partying going on in the background. People were laughing, and it sounded like a really good time.

"Wha- Oh, heyyyy!" Right away it sounded as if she was genuinely glad to hear from me, so at least that was good news. "Holy shit, what the hell have you been up to?"

"Not much", I told her. Then, kidding around: "I'm a little pissed you didn't invite me to your party."

"What party?" Kristy asked, totally confused. She was a little slow, but then she finally got it. "Oh, no... this isn't a party. Susan and I are just hanging out with these two guys who came by."

My heart sank a bit, knowing I wouldn't be getting laid that night. Susan was her roommate, and these other two guys had beaten me to the punch. Silently I cursed myself for not calling sooner.

"Ah, that's cool", I told her. "Well, give me a call later in the week or-"

"No, wait! Hang on a sec..." Kristy stopped me. I could hear the sound of laughter getting lower as she moved into another room. "These guys are leaving soon", she said, lowering her voice. "I mean, I'll call you once they're gone. Okay?"

"Yeah, sure" I said, getting excited again. After assuring me she would, I hung up the phone.

I got up so I wouldn't accidentally fall asleep, and started watching TV. 1am passed. 1:30. By the time it was 2am, I'd pretty much given up hope that Kristy was going to call. Maybe those guys hadn't left at all. Maybe they'd worked Kristy and Susan out of their clothes, and were busy fucking them right now. I found myself jealous, angry, and horny all at once.

I dropped back into bed and closed my eyes. The phone rang at about 2:30.

"You're kidding, right?" I answered it groggily.

"I'm sooooo sorry!" Kristy responded with a chuckle. "They wouldn't leave! We tried to get rid of them a whole bunch of times, but they kept drinking and drinking. And it didn't help that Susan kept playing quarters with them."

"Where's Susan now?" I asked.

"Passed out", Kristy told me. "She's got to work early tomorrow, I don't see how she'll ever get up."

"Sucks", I told her. "There goes our threesome."

"Yeah right", Kristy laughed sardonically. "You wish."

In truth, I did wish. Susan wasn't bad to look at. Like Kristy, she had huge tits and a cute body. And to be brutally honest, Susan was prettier.

"So you wanna come over?" Kristy asked me.

"It's like... 3am", I told her.

"So? I'm not tired."

"Then you come here", I reasoned. "I'm already laying down."

"I can't", Kristy told me. "I'm a little drunk. Not too drunk, but I'm definitely not driving anywhere."

My mind wanted my body to go to sleep. My dick wanted my body to get up, and then drive 30 minutes to Kristy's apartment. I don't even need to tell you which of the two won out.

"I'll make it worth your while", Kristy added playfully. "Trust me."

"Dress up for me", I told her. "I'm going to take a shower. I'll be there in a little bit."

Forty-five minutes later, I was parking alongside the curb in front of Kristy's apartment. All the lights were out, and everything inside was dark. "If she fell asleep, I'll kick her ass" I told myself as I tried the knob. She'd left it unlocked for me, so I let myself inside.

I hadn't taken more than a step into the living room when the smallest dog in the word was sniffing my ankles. Kristy emerged from the hallway and ushered the dog away, but not before it had smelled me for another half minute or so.

"What's that, a teacup chihuahua?" I said laughing. "You didn't tell me you got a dog."

"It's not mine, it's Susan's", Kristy responded. "C'mon." 

She took my hand and led me to the bedroom. Inside, the only light came from the television. Kristy had been watching MTV, and the sound was low. As she walked inside and closed the door behind her, I could see that she was wearing a black lace teddy. It came down to the tops of her thighs, and her legs looked awesome.

Kristy had changed a lot since I'd last seen her. Although her face had always been a bit plain, her body more than made up for it. But now? Kristy had taken her body to another level. She'd turned into a gym-rat, and she was looking absolutely gorgeous. Kristy was tan, toned, buff and fit. Her arms and legs were tight, almost muscled, and her stomach was flat and beautiful. As I wrapped my arms around her waist, I noticed that she smelled just as good as she looked.

We began kissing, and my hands went right down to her bare ass. Her teddy was thonged in the back, exposing her very warm, tight curves. As I explored her new body Kristy was pulling my own shirt over my head, then nuzzling her face into my neck. We fell onto the bed together kissing and touching, and the exploration continued.

This was the coolest part about me and Kristy - there were never any expectiations between us. Even after three years there was no small talk... no need for questions or pretend conversation. Each time we got together the goal was always the same: fucking each other's brains out. Nothing else mattered except getting naked and getting down to business... something I was immediately reminded of as Kristy swallowed my aching cock.

The blowjob felt immensely good. It wasn't so much that Kristy was good at it as that I hadn't been blown in a long while. She positioned herself sideways so I could reach her pussy, which I began playing with as she continued sucking me off. Kristy moaned on my cock as she ground herself into my fingers, and then added some of her own fingers to help manipulate her clit.

Pushing her back, I spread Kristy out on the bed. In the dim light of the TV, legs spread wide, she looked totally amazing. She'd undone the snap crotch of her teddy, and Kristy was sawing two glistening fingers in and out of her pussy. With her free hand she'd shoved my own fingers into her mouth - the ones I'd been using on her only moments ago. As she licked and sucked them clean, I told her what a hot little slut she was. She nodded, smiling.

Burying my face between her legs, I eagerly devoured her. Kristy ground her hips downward, pushing herself into my mouth. My tongue traced long, flat strokes up and down the sides of her pussy while my thumb gently manipulated her clit. I moved her own hand aside and put two fingers inside her, feeling how impossibly warm and wet she was. Kristy began pulling on her tits and moaning, and I increased the pressure of both my tongue and fingers.

Way before I was ready, Kristy pulled me up and over her body. My face was smeared with her juices and she wickedly began licking it off my lips. I thrust upward and felt my cock go deep inside her, but the penetration wasn't complete until Kristy had jammed her hips down upon me, impaling herself the rest of the way. Now buried to the hilt I watched her eyes go wide, and she grinned fiendishly as we began to fuck in a slow, steady rhythym.

"You know I fucked that guy before he left", Kristy said to me matter-of-factly. "Right now you're getting sloppy seconds."

"You wish", I told her, echoing her words to me from earlier. I was 90% sure she was lying, and 10% terrified she wasn't.

Kristy laughed. "No, but I could've. I could've fucked him if I really wanted to."

"Oh I'm sure you wanted to", I told her. "You always want to. You can't get enough."

"Nah, he was an asshole", she said. Then, seductively: "But if he wasn't, I might've asked him to stay."

I believed her on this one. And knowing how horny I was? The sight of Kristy in bed with some other guy probably wouldn't have scared me off. One way or the other, I was nailing her pussy that night. Whether it was a solo mission or a team effort, I really wouldn't have cared.

After fucking for some time with her legs wrapped firmly around me, Kristy flipped over on all fours. I buried my cock in her pussy and began pounding her doggie-style, leaning her forward until her face was buried in the pillow. For a long time we fucked. I was both astonished and pleased at how long I lasted, initally thinking it was going to be a short night for me. We finally switched up to her favorite position; Kristy squatting down over my cock. She rode it up and down until she was ready to cum, then shoved it all the way in and rocked forward and back.

As usual, Kristy was grinding down on my cock as her release came. Her pussy flooded my shaft, my balls, and the bed beneath us. My hand flew up and over her mouth as she reached orgasm, remembering at the last moment how loud she could be. I was also remembering how much she liked my hand over her mouth, and how it turned me on in the past when she would bite down on it.

Completely spent, I felt Kristy's body go limp. She had partied, drank, fucked, and cum... by now it was well past 4am and she was totally done. I rolled Kristy onto her stomach. As the teddy rode up her back, I noticed she'd gotten a tribal tattoo since I'd last seen her - one of those tramp stamps just above the crack of her ass. I eased my cock into her from behind, enjoying her sleepy whimper as I once again bottomed out in her twat.

"You have to cum now", she told me. "Do it."

I didn't need much more in the way of incentive. Concentrating on the sensation, I slid my cock in and out of her sopping wet cunt. Using my knees, I squeezed her legs and ass together to make it tighter... the increased friction putting me over the edge. As I could feel my orgasm washing over me, I pulled my cock from Kristy's pussy and wrapped my hand quickly around it.

With a suppressed grunt of my own, I shot jet after jet of white-hot cum all over Kristy's naked back. My cum splattered all over her smooth, tan skin, making a shallow pool in the small of her back that glistened in the moonlight from her window. As I drifted out of the dreamy half-sleep of my orgasm, I found myself fixating on that small pool of gleaming liquid. Eventually, some of it ran in small rivulates down each side of her waist, but the rest of it stayed there like its own little ecosystem. Seconds later, Kristy was snoring.

Propping myself up on one elbow, I watched the rise and fall of Kristy's naked back as she slept. Everything was peaceful, and I spent a few moments reveling in the satisfacation of a really great orgasm. Very quickly though, I felt my eyes getting heavy. I didn't want to fall asleep, and knew I had to get out of there fast or risk passing out.

In short, our arrangement never included mornings. Kristy and I had never had breakfast together. This suited us fine, as we were both happy with the way things were. No matter how many times we'd gotten together, each of us had always gone home to our own beds.

The next time I opened my eyes, I noticed the sky was turning blue. With the sun coming up, I had precious little time to get going. Naked and messy, I stepped across the hallway and into the bathroom. 

I flipped on the light and immediately took stock of the situation. From the waist down, I was a disaster. My cock was stuck to my leg, and the combined fluids from mine and Kristy's orgasm were pretty much everywhere. I'd forgotten what a squirter she was. With not much of an alternative, I then made a command decision: I would wash my dick in the sink.

The warm soapy water felt good against my skin. I lathered up and rinsed off my cock, standing on my tip-toes to get my balls over the sink basin. Fully cleaned and satisified, I reached for a towel... and found none there.

There wasn't a towel in the entire bathroom. Worse, there wasn't any toilet paper either. I opened the cabinet beneath the sink and saw nothing: no spare rolls of toilet paper, no boxes of tissues... not even a washcloth. So I stood there like a lost asshole, dripping water from my hands, balls and dick. 

That's right about when I heard the sound of an alarm clock going off.

It was Susan, Kristy's roommate. She was getting up for work. Here I was, buck naked, dripping water all over the bathroom, with only a few seconds to get back into Kristy's room and get changed. So I did what any red-blooded American guy would do in such a situation: I wiped my dick on the shower curtain.

In my defense, it was an ugly fucking shower curtain. It had some stupid aquarium theme, with tropical fish all over it. I ball-rubbed that shower curtain and ran it up and down the length of my shaft, making sure to get myself nice and dry. With one leg in and one leg out of the bathtub, I dried the last remnants of residual soap and cum all over the inside surface of the curtain, then bolted quickly back across the hallway.

I had my boxers back on when I heard footsteps. Susan stepped into the bathroom as I quickly dressed the rest of the way. Putting my sneakers back on, I took one last look back at Kristy. She was still asleep, the dried-up pool of my seed now encrusting the cute little dimpled portion of her lower back.

Quietly, I made my way back down the hallway and toward the front door. Just before getting there, I encountered the dog. Putting a finger to my lips, I shushed the dog in case it was going to bark. But all it did was look at me, head cocked to one side.

To this day, I'll never forget that dog's face. And you know why? Because the dog KNEW. Somehow, in some way, that little chihuahua knew I had flossed my ass with the shower curtain of its owner. It looked back it me with disgust and disdain, and it watched me very carefully as I closed the door behind me on the way out.

I never told Kristy about the shower curtain, but I would eventually fuck her again. Our paths would cross several more times before she'd finally get engaged, and even a couple of times after that. One one occasion, I'd even try to get her to throw Susan into the mix. Sadly, that scenario never panned out though.

I've completely lost touch with Kristy nowadays, but I'll always remember the great sex, the sloppy cleanups, and that ugly fish shower curtain smeared with the glistening remnants of our late night romp. Kristy was good times, and being with her made for great stories.