 Kris was a young woman of 21, fresh out of college, and already working her way up at one of the top-most law firms of the state. Already adored by her boss and co-workers, Kris was quite a hit at her new job. However, being a law student meant a dead-end for her social life. The most social she had been ever since she entered college was work or school related. The only conversations she'd had other than that was with Jeff the security guard working in the parking lot. He was the only one at the firm her age and since she spent most of her time there she spent her breaks with him.

But now... now she wanted a change from her same old, boring routine life. She wanted to do something thrilling, something nobody would have ever expected of her.

Now, Kris was not a virgin, nope. Even though she'd only ever slept with one man in her entire lifetime. That man was his high school boyfriend, and they had been voted the best couple in their senior year. The couple that was most likely to get married, they had said. But then one night she caught him cheating on her with none other than her cousin, the one she was the closest to. 

But let's not get into that now. 

Kris was finished with her work for the day and was heading to the car park where her brand-new Beetle was parked. Kris was always the last to leave as her job entailed, getting the office cleaned up and organised for the next day. However, she never made it into her car. Right as she unlocked the car someone grabbed and pushed her against the wall.

She opened her mouth to scream but was muffled by the hand of her captor. She looked up to see that it was Jeff himself, "What are you doing?! You scared the shit out of me!"

"You said you wanted something exciting," he said with a grin before kissing her. 

"This is not what I meant..." He kissed her neck, "But..." 

"But...?" 

"Well, I don't hate it..." 

He laughed. She couldn't help but notice that his hands felt very strong and masculine. Rough, but smooth at the same time. She had to admit though, he was pretty good looking and built. Not too buff, but not lanky. Lean, I guess you could call him.

"Well, I did always like your ass. It looks so nice and juicy, everyday, I ask myself when I'll get to play with it."

As if to emphasize his point, he squeezed her butt with both hands and Kris moaned.

No, this is wrong on so many levels! A voice inside her head yelled at her.

But maybe... this is what she needs to do in order to spice things up in her life. Reasoned another one. 

Kris looked into Jeff's eyes, they were so blue and still sparkled in the dark. She'd never thought of him this way. Yes, she liked him but she'd always only thought of him as a friend. She never realized how attractive he was

"Do you really want to do this?" 

"Anything to help out a friend, I'll take one for the team," he winked playfully. 

She noticed just how adorable his smile was. She moaned out loud as Jeff softly caressed her breasts. "You like that, don't you?" He grinned. And in one quick motion he ripped off her dress shirt, revealing her naked chest, for she was wearing no bra.

Jeff wasted no time and started fondling with her breasts, tweaking and teasing her nipples as she gasped.

Kris had never felt this way, she had never done anything like this before. She felt dangerous and exhilarated. She didn't believe how much she liked it and what was happening. She had been planning to go home and summarize some cases for her boss, but now... 'fuck it,' she thought, 'let's do this.'

She put her palms against his chest and leaned up to kiss him. Jeff smiled against the kiss and pushed her further into the wall. She quickly started undoing the buttons of his shirt, wanting to feel his hard stomach.

Soon enough, his shirt was gone and she was running her hands all over his well defined back. Jeff started kissing down her neck, licking and sucking like his life depended on it. This got Kris moaning out loud, hoping that the parking lot was empty by now. He moved further down, to her breasts, sucking and biting at her nipples and then soothing them with his tongue afterwards. 

She palmed his hard cock, which was straining against his pants, waiting to get out, while he continued to move downwards. 

Jeff ran his tongue along the length of her stomach, stopping at the waistband of her skirt. He looked up at her, her eyes already cast downwards and pulled down her skirt and panties with one swipe. Immediately, he inserted a finger inside of her already dripping wet pussy, which made Kris groan. 

He thrust in and out of her cunt, make her writhe in ecstasy. Kris kept moaning out loud, not caring anymore whether anyone heard her or not. Jeff rose to his full height, still pumping her cunt and latched his tongue onto her nipple, playing with the other one with his free hand. 

Kris hadn't felt this much pleasure in months and continued to moan and groan, her palm still resting against his groin. When Jeff felt that she was close to her orgasm, he started thrusting even faster as he played with her clit with his thumb which only intensified her pleasure. 

She finally came with a soundless scream, her mouth wide open and her eyes squeezed shut. 

Coming down from her high, she opened her eyes, still panting and pulled Jeff in for another kiss. 

After teasing each other's tongues for a while Kris couldn't take it anymore and knelt down, until her eyes were levelled with his constricted erection. She unbuttoned his pants and pulled down his zipper, sliding down his slacks slowly and teasingly. He growled and hastily pushed them down and his dick sprung out like a Jack-in-the-box. She marvelled at the size of it and immediately engulfed him in her mouth. Jeff groaned as she moved her head back and forth, clearly enjoying the feeling. While sucking him off, Kris' fingers fumbled with his balls, occasionally scraping a nail lightly against the sensitive skin. Jeff held her hair back while muttering curses under his breath, not being able to take the pleasure she was giving him. 

Soon enough he felt the pressure building up inside him and tried to pull out of Kris' mouth but she was having none of it. Placing her hands on his ass, she kept him in place and waited for him to fill her mouth. Kris started sucking faster and faster in anticipation and squeezed his balls lightly when he finally erupted and emptied himself down her throat, not a drop falling out. After having swallowed it all, Kris finally released him and stood up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand with a slight grin on her face. 

Jeff let out a loud breath, holding onto Kris. "Holy shit, that was incredible, Kris. That was the best blowjob I've ever received!"

Kris laughed and pushed him backwards until the back of his legs hit the hood of her car. She kissed him deeply before turning around and bending over against the car and said, "Now come over here and give me the best fuck of my life."