 On my drive home from Kristine's house I resolved to break off our affair for the third time. Even though my cock stirred in my pants every time I thought back on the filthy things that came out of her mouth, I knew that my marriage was worth more to me than any piece of ass could have been, even if it was a piece as well-shaped as Kristine's.

The next day was a Sunday, and Mara, Luke and I went to the mall. We shopped for a while, then had ice cream at one of the food courts. I watched the young women going by, wondering if any of them had it in them to be the kind of slut that Kristine had been with me. I tried to put the thought out of my mind -- I knew that for my marriage to survive I would have to do everything in my power to avoid temptation until Kristine was safely back at college.

On Monday morning I had an uneventful day at the office until after lunch, when the receptionist paged me to the front of the building and told me that a woman was here to see me. I walked into the waiting room and saw an attractive woman around my age who seemed strangely familiar. She had dyed, shoulder-length blond hair, blue eyes, and generous breasts. She was curvy, but by no means fat. When she introduced herself as Katherine Schmidt, I realized why I felt like I already knew her: it was Kristine's stepmother. A jolt of adrenalin shot through me. Why was she here? Even though Kristine and I were consenting adults, I still had a lot to lose if our relationship became public. My marriage, for starters.

"What can I do for you, Mrs. Schmidt?"

"Can I talk to you alone?"

She seemed scared or uncertain -- not exactly like a woman who was about to read me the riot act for nailing her 20-year-old stepdaughter. 

"Right this way," I said, gesturing to an empty conference room and signing my name on the whiteboard to show that it was occupied.

"I -- I- I know about you and Kristine," she began, before we could even sit down at the conference table, "and I think it's wrong what you're doing to her. She's only 20."

I looked at her in silence, waiting for her to finish.

"Those names you were calling her, things like 'slut'," she said, avoiding eye contact, "I mean, she's only 20 years old. That can't possibly be a turn-on to a woman of her age. She doesn't have enough experience."

"You heard us?"

"I came in through the garage and heard you in her bedroom. I stood outside the door while you were," here she dropped her gaze once more and lowered her voice to a whisper, "fucking her."

"Why didn't you say something if it made you so uncomfortable?"

"It didn't -- I mean, I was so surprised, I didn't know how to react."

"Look, Mrs. Schmidt," I said, hoping to get her out of the office quickly, "if it makes you feel any better, you should know that I have no intention of ever sleeping with or even talking to your daughter again. She's a very provocative young woman, and knows exactly what buttons to push to make me lose control."

I remained standing, hoping she would take the cue to leave.

"But I simply have too much at stake to continue our relationship."

"Thanks," she said, still not looking me in the eye, "that does make me feel better."

She turned to leave. As she reached for the doorknob, she paused for a moment and turned back around, still staring at the floor.

"It turned me on," she whispered.

"What?"

"It turned me on," she repeated, "I kept imagining myself in her place. And if you're not seeing her anymore, maybe --"

"Not a chance."

"Kristine's dad is so boring," she said, looking me in the eye, "after I heard the things you were saying to Kristine, I locked myself in the bathroom and made myself cum harder than I ever have in my life. God it turned me on. I want to be your slut."

I couldn't believe it. The more I tried to resist temptation, the more it found me.

"Out of the question," I repeated, but I felt my cock stir at the thought of sleeping with Katherine.

"It's just that ..."

"What?"

"I'd hate it if your wife found out about you and Kristine."

It dawned on me what was going on, and I was furious. 

"You whore," I said in a hoarse whisper, "how dare you try to blackmail me."

She smiled and handed me a business card. It had her name on it. 

"Turn it over."

On the back was the name of a local hotel, and a room number.

"I expect you there tonight at 8. If you can't make it, leave a message, but I won't be put off forever. Think about your family."

I crumpled the business card in my hand and threw it in the wastebasket. 

"Listen to me you slut," I said, "no one's going to tell me what to do. If you want to be treated like a whore so bad, I guess that's what I'm going to have to do."

I resolved to end this now. I locked the conference door and turned to face Katherine. She was smiling at me.

"Now I see where Kristine gets it from."

I slowly began to take off my belt.

"On your knees, slut."

She knelt in front of me and began to unzip my pants. In less than five seconds my cock was buried in her mouth and she was making eager slurping sounds as she tried to take it in deeper. I grabbed a handful of her hair and tugged her closer to me.

"Take that cock you slut. Show me that you love it."

She moaned in reply and I felt my cock enter the back of her throat. Her face began to turn red as I held it there, and so I pulled it out to give her a chance to catch her breath.

"Look up at me and tell me you love my cock," I said.

"I love your cock," she said.

I slapped each of her cheeks with it before grabbing her hair and forcing it back into her mouth.

"Rub your pussy," I commanded. One of Katherine's hands shot instantly into her trousers and began to move around in circles. She moaned on my cock. I took it out of her mouth again.

"Beg me for it."

She looked up at me, gasping as she rubbed her pussy.

"Please."

"Please what?"

"Give me your cock please."

"What do you want to do with it?"

"I want to suck your cock. Please let me suck your big hard cock."

"That's better."

I pushed my cock back into her throat, causing her to gag on it. All the while, she was rubbing her pussy. The more excited she got, the more she moaned, and the more she moaned, the more wonderful vibrations travelled through my cock. I could tell she was nearing orgasm.

"Cum for me you slut," I said, tugging on her hair, "I want you to cum with my cock in your mouth."

She rubbed her clit furiously. Suddenly, she jerked forward and let out what would have been a scream had my cock not muffled it. Her face flushed in pleasure and tears started to form in her eyes. I pulled my cock out of her mouth and she gasped for air.

"God that was incredible."

"We're not done, slut. Not until you take my load all over your slutty face."

She looked up at me and smiled, the postcoital glow still spread across her face.

"Jerk that cock."

She grabbed my cock and began to jerk it off above her face.

"Lick my balls."

She eagerly kissed down the length of my shaft and slurped on my testicles, first one, than the other. 

"You're almost as good a cocksucker as your daughter," I said, reaching into my pocket for my cell phone. I switched to the camera mode as she took my cock back into her mouth.

"'Say cheese, slut." My phone played a recorded shutter sound as I took a perfect photo of Kristine's mom on her knees, my cock halfway down her throat.

"And now beg for my cum."

"Please give me your cum," she said, taking my cock out of her mouth once again and jerking it.

"Where do you want it?"

"On my face."

As if on cue, I began to shoot my load, sending the first three ropes of cum into her hair and onto her forehead. The next two coated her nose and mouth, while the last few dripped down her chin. I snapped another picture.

I was amazed at how turned on Katherine seemed to be from taking my cum.

"You're a natural-born slut, aren't you?"

"Yes," she said, cleaning her face with her fingers, scooping my sperm into her mouth. Just then, the conference room telephone rang. I made a shushing motion with my finger and lifted the receiver.

"Steve Richards."

"Hi, this is Cheryl from reception. Mike has a meeting scheduled there for 2:15 and he says the door's locked from the inside. Are you almost done?"

"Yes, we're finished." I said, looking at Katherine, who was examining her face for the last traces of my cum in her compact mirror. I replaced the receiver and then turned to Katherine, zipping my pants and putting my belt on. 

"You've got what you want, now get out of here. If you contact me again, I'm going to send the pictures I took to your husband."

Katherine looked at me in anticipation, but she didn't seem scared, rather excited at my threat.

"Then he'd know what a slut I really am."

"Yes. I'm sure you want to avoid that."

"I'm not so sure."

Was she calling my bluff? I had no intention of sending the pictures to her husband, because the question of just whose cock that was in her mouth, and whose cum it was on her face would inevitably arise. 

"I'll be in touch," she said, as she turned the knob of the conference room and walked out into the office, "thanks for taking the time to talk to me," she added, loud enough for the receptionists to hear.

"No problem."

"Who was that?" asked Cheryl, after Katherine's car had pulled out of the office parking lot.

"A friend of my wife's. She's been going through a divorce, and needed some financial advice."

"I see," said Cheryl, " that's why she seemed upset or something. Her makeup was all messed up after you talked!"

"Yeah, she's going through an emotional time," I explained, then went back to my desk. The rest of the day passed without incident.

On the way home, I pondered my situation. Two women were after me, both of them beautiful, both of them assertively slutty and determined to ruin my marriage. The more upset I got at them, the hotter the sex became, and the more aggressively they approached me. It was a vicious circle. I knew things were going to spiral out of control if I couldn't either control them or control myself. I had to admit that the sex was wildly addicting. I never knew when Kristine was going to show up, or what slutty thing she was going to do, and now her stepmother was in on the game, and clearly willing to stake her marriage on it.

Then something occurred to me. When you lose traction when you're driving, what do you do? You turn into the skid. Maybe that was just the ticket to solving my problem with Kristine and Katherine. I pulled over at a gas station and took out my cell phone. It was time to double down. All or nothing.

"Honey," I said to Mara when she picked up our home phone, "I'm really sorry, but I'm going to be really late at the office tonight. Like midnight or something. I know. I know. I'm sorry. Yes I'll call Luke and tell him goodnight."

Then, I dialed Kristine's number.

"It's me."

"Oh, hi Mr. Richards!" She seemed positively giddy.

"If you want to see me again, come to the Mariott off of route 73 tonight at 8:30. The room will be under your last name, Schmidt."

"Ooo Mr. Richards, that sounds like fun!"

I hung up. I was banking on the hunch that Katherine would be at hotel even though I had crumpled up her business card. I drove to a diner near the hotel and ate dinner. At around 8:00 pm, I dialed the front desk of the Mariott. 

"Could I speak to Katherine Schmidt?"

"One moment."

The phone rang twice. 

"Hello?"

"Katherine?"

"Yes."

"Steve Richards."

"Hi."

"I'm on my way to the hotel."

"I'll be waiting."

I hung up, paid the bill and got back into my car. It was going to be a wild night.

When Katherine opened the door, I saw that she had changed into a short white cocktail dress with matching heels. Her makeup was done and her hair was brushed. She looked like a wholesome, attractive Midwestern housewife about to go out for a night with her husband.

"Hi." 

She seemed anxious once again.

"Do you want to go to the hotel bar?"

"I don't think so," I said, stepping into the room and closing the door, "I think we're going to have a good time right here in the room."

"You do, huh?" She reached down towards my pants.

"Not so fast," I said, grabbing her wrist and leading her towards the back of the large 2-room suite, "you got off on listening to us before. Let's see how you like watching us." 

"Watching us?"

I pulled a chair over from the dressing table next to the bathroom and pushed her into it. Then I held her hands behind her back with one hand and took my belt off with the other. I secured her wrists to the back of the chair with a single knot. I knew it wouldn't hold if she actually wanted to escape, but I also knew that she didn't really want to escape.

"Oh no," she said, "I can't move."

I walked around to face her, then I reached both hands under her dress and pulled her panties off in a single stroke.

"Open up," I said, holding them to her mouth. She complied. I stuffed the panties into her mouth, then sat on the bed to wait. Katherine was sitting in the dark, far enough towards the back of the suite that she was invisible from the area near the door. Every once and a while I heard a faint moan.

At 8:25 there was a knock at the door. I opened it, and in walked Kristine, dressed in a miniskirt, thigh-high boots and tanktop. She was wearing heavy eye make-up and lipstick.

"Whoring it up tonight?" I asked.

"I wore this outfit for you, daddy," she said, smiling.

"I bet you did you little slut."

"You know how to handle sluts like me don't you, daddy?" she said, moving closer to me and pressing her breasts against my chest, "it was nice of you to get this room for us. We can have a good time here and not worry about your wife and son spoiling our fun."

I brought her over to the edge of the bed farthest from the door so that Katherine would be able to see us. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I pulled Kristine over my lap. Seeing her perfectly shaped, slightly rounded ass made me think back on the first night we had been together, over two years ago. Back then, I had given her a spanking and she had rewarded me with an incredible blowjob. If anything, the 20-year-old Kristine was even hotter than the 18-year-old. 

"Are you going to spank me?"

"You bet I am you little slut."

I pushed up her short skirt to reveal the wisp of a thong.

"Does your stepmother know you dress like a whore?"

"No way. She's a total prude. I don't even think that she and my dad have sex anymore."

I almost laughed out loud, but I caught myself. My first blow left a red handprint across her perfect white ass. 

"Ouch!" 

"Just wait you little slut."

I smacked her other cheek, just as hard as I had the first one.

"Oooo, daddy it hurts!"

I began to warm her little ass with a dozen or so sharp, stinging blows to each cheek. Kristine began gasping and moaning softly.

"Ooo daddy, I promise I'll be good."

I reached between the folds of her thong and slipped one finger along her labia, which was quite wet.

"Only sluts like you enjoy spanking this much."

"Yes daddy," she moaned as I slipped a finger inside her, "I'm your little slut."

"Why don't you show me what a good girl you can be?"

"Should I suck your cock, daddy?"

"For starters."

I helped her off my lap and onto the floor. She knelt in front of me and looked up at me with the same mischievous gaze that she had given me in my home office a few days ago. 

"I bet there's something nice in here for me isn't there?"

"Why don't you find out."

She slowly unzipped my pants with the look of a girl who was unwrapping a gift from her sweetheart on Valentine's Day. 

"Ooo, Mr. Richards! I always forget how big it is!"

She took my cock out of my pants and lightly brushed it against her full lips.

"Don't play with it, you slut. I want you to suck it."

"Yes, daddy."

I gasped as she took my cock into her mouth, all the way down her throat on the first stroke. Amazing how good she'd gotten at deepthroating. Better than her stepmother, who was still watching us from the dark corner of the room.

"Moan on that cock," I commanded, "let me know how much you love it."

Kristine moaned as she fucked her own throat with my throbbing member. I grabbed a handful of her beautiful dark hair and gave it a tug, glancing towards the corner where Katherine sat in the chair.

"Mmm, that's nice you little slut. Slurp on that cock."

Kristine was sucking as enthusiastically as I had ever seen before. My shaft, by any account of above average length and quite thick, disappeared over and over again into her throat. She looked up at me intermittently, as if pleading with her eyes for the privilege of swallowing my cock.

"That's good for now," I said. I wanted to fuck her.

I positioned her on her hands and knees on the bed, so that she was facing directly towards her stepmother, who, I imagined, was hot and bothered, wriggling in the chair. 

Kristine was still wearing her boots and miniskirt, but her thong was around her thighs. I flipped the skirt up and positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy, giving her clit a spank with my hand as I pushed inside of her. Then I began to fuck her as hard as I could, riding her ass hard while I pulled her hair and spanked her.

"Oh yes," she moaned.

"Tell me who this pussy belongs to."

"It's yours, daddy!"

"Say it louder," I commanded, and smacked her clit again, causing her to gasp.

"It's yours, my pussy belongs to you!"

"I'm going to cum inside you," I announced, unable to hold back at the rate I was going.

"Oh, yes daddy! Fill my slutty cunt with your seed!"

I couldn't stifle a groan as I thrust forward and pumped a large load of semen into the young brunette. I could feel her cunt contracting around my cock, tensing in the throes of orgasm. 

After my orgasm had subsided. I pulled out of Kristine and wiped my cock on her skirt. 

"Ok, that's all for now," I said, "I'll give you a call when I want to see you again."

Kristine gave me a slightly disappointed look, but then pulled up her thong, smoothed out her skirt and headed for the door.

"It was nice, Mr. Richards."

She smiled at me before closing the door behind her.

"Goodbye," I said.

As soon as she was gone I returned to the back of the room, where Katherine was struggling against her bonds, wild with lust. I pulled the panties out of her mouth and untied her hands, pulling the belt back out from around the chair. 

"Did you like that?" 

"YES!" she gasped, dropping to her knees and licking what remained of her stepdaughter's juices off of my cock, "I almost came just watching!"

I spanked her with the belt while she sucked me until I was hard again, then I took her for almost an hour in various positions, making her cum more times than I could count. When we were finished, her hair was mused, her makeup was a mess, her ass was red as a cherry. Her pussy held two loads of my sperm.

"Hope you enjoyed yourself, slut!"

"Oh yes, Mr. Richards," she said, putting on her cocktail dress, "I'll be satisfied for the next few hours at least."

"You know how to get in touch with me." 

"Of course," she said, heading for the bathroom, "and don't worry, Steve. Your wife won't find out about this. I need to get laid on a regular basis."

"She'd better not."

I made it home after midnight and managed to get into the shower before Mara woke up. I wondered how long I was going to have to keep fucking these two women before she found out. Only time would tell!