 I met Kylie about seven or eight months ago. She was an old friend of my girlfriend Kelly. At the time I'd never even heard Kelly so much as mention Kylie's name, but apparently they were pretty close in high school. I met her at a party she was throwing at her house for some sorority function she had invited us, and some of my friends to. Right off the bat my friends, being single guys, realized how beautiful she was. The guys made sure and told me every chance they got how badly they wanted to bang her. I wasn't so much interested in that, but I did think she was pretty, and cool. Kylie had to be about 5 foot 8 give or take, with long brown hair and naturally tanned skin. She was almost identical in size and shape to my girlfriend, slim, with a nice, firm ass (I would find out later) which was usually hidden behind some sort of dress, a dress that while hiding her ass did nothing to hide her ample cleavage. Probably 34 or 36 C's I'd say. We all had a great time at Kylie's house party, and over the next month or so we were invited to several more. My friends and me never turned down a good time when we saw one, so we usually accepted. 

As I got to know Kylie, I realized she was extremely friendly, and pretty fun to hang around with. And over the months, I got to know just how "friendly" she could be. The flirting started innocently enough, when we were first introduced she made a comment to my girlfriend how "cute" I was. The compliments usually got stronger as the nights wore on and the booze began to warm her. I always just shook it off as the sorority girl in her, or being a good host, that sort of thing, until one particular party this past June. Kylie was hosting one of her now famous house parties. My friends and me liked to do a little pre-gaming before any night out as to walk into our destination with a little buzz, while at the same time arriving fashionably late. I don't care what anybody says, it always makes you look cooler when you arrive fashionably late. That being said, my friends Daniel, Chase, and Nick, and Kelly and I picked up a handle of Jack Daniels to split before the party. We finished the bottle around eleven o'clock and thirty minutes later walked into the party feeling quite buzzed. We took a lap around the house to see who all was there and get our introductions made. One by one my friends all split off from Kelly and me. At one point we finally ran into the social butterfly that is Kylie and she gave us both hugs and was sarcastically "glad we could finally make it!" We all laughed and she went on to continue welcoming guests. Meanwhile, Kelly and me found a nice spot to relax by the open bar and kegs of beer. Sometime later Kylie was making another round seeing if we needed anything. She was stumbling a little bit and we laughed at how tipsy she was. Kelly and I, me more specifically, were quite content next to the open bar but we thanked her anyways. She started to walk off, stumbled, and stopped. 

"You know, I bet you two have some amazing sex!" she said taking us both a little by surprise. To that Kelly couldn't resist to drunkenly respond "Oh, honey! You know we do! Sometimes I can't handle it all!" Kylie looked at me and smirked. 

"On those nights Evan, feel free to give me a call, and I'll come right over." She laughed, and in seconds was out of sight. 

Needless to say, Kelly being upset would've been an understatement, and a huge argument ensued. Somehow it was my fault Kylie had made such a remark! Kelly stormed out of Kylie's house and got into a cab and, I assume, road home, leaving my friends and me. I was much too drunk to ride my motorcycle home, so I walked back into the house not knowing what to do. I tried calling her to calm her down, but she didn't pick up her cell phone. Needless to say at this point I was pissed. So I was leaving her a voicemail telling her I would catch a ride home with one of the guys, when Kylie sidled up to me with one of Chase's famous joints. 

"You look like you could use a few friends" she smirked. Kylie, Chase and Nick sat around me and we lit up the most delicious smelling, and biggest joint I had ever seen. At this point the party had settled down quite a bit, so we all sat in the living room and puffed away on the joint, listening to some music. 

One by one Daniel, Nick and Chase had passed out, leaving me and the ever-so-friendly Kylie by ourselves. As we sat there, we talked about all kinds of stuff, from her school's football team, which surprisingly she knew quite a bit about, to movies and finally to the music we were listening to. It shocked me when Kylie told me that it was her copy of The Used's "Artwork" we were listening to. I didn't find her to be the type, and she knew I was impressed. At this point she asked me to follow her to her room where she would show me her I-Tunes library to see what else might impress me. As I followed her, I couldn't help but notice, that she wasn't wearing a dress tonight, but a really tight, and really short skirt, that showed off her ass. Kylie was strutting in a pair of black stilettos that really emphasized her tanned legs. Maybe it was the booze or the dope, but for the first time I was finding this girl to be as sexy as my friends constantly made her out to be. 

When we got to the end of the seemingly endless hallway to her door, she turned and totally caught me staring at her ass. She just smiled and said "my laptop's in here silly boy." We sat on her bed, and she pulled out another joint from her night stand. This one was much smaller, but there was only the two of us, and by this point we were both pretty wasted, so it more than did the trick. As I was searching through Kylie's I-Tunes she turned to me.

"You know, I was serious before" she said.

"About what?" 

"What I said, about me and you fucking, I totally would. In fact, I've kind of developed a little crush on you since we met a few months back. I have a thing for dudes in leather jackets that ride Harleys. And, I really would like to see how you are" she paused "in bed."

With that she kissed me lightly on the lips. I pulled back, knowing it was wrong, and what it would do to Kelly and me if Kelly were to find out. But at that point, like I said, I was wasted, and I was still pissed at Kelly for leaving me there. I decided I didn't care, and kissed her back, slowly at first, but steadily picking up speed. Her tongue felt like it was on fire, and the taste of Diet Coke and rum and menthol cigarettes flooded my mouth. I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her harder into my face. This only made Kylie hotter and she pulled at my jacket and tore off my shirt. She started unbuckling my belt, and unzipping my jeans. It was all happening so fast, and I was loving every minute of it. As I set on the edge of the bed, she got down on the hardwood floor on her knees and reached in my pants, as if on a mission. She found what she was looking for, and pulled my 7 inch cock out from my boxers. She stared at it for a minute, eyeing it up and down until she finally leaned in and kissed the tip, and continued working her way down my shaft until she got to my balls. There she licked and kissed them and started her way back up again, alternating kissing and licking. She finally had teased me enough and put her mouth around the tip, and started bobbing up and down on my dick just like the expert my friends had joked that they knew she was. She went on for a couple more minutes like that until I finally got up and pulled her to feet, only to throw her back onto the queen sized bed. I climbed back onto the bed, and she went right back to work on my dick, forcing me onto my back and climbing onto my chest, facing the other way, so I had full view of her skirt that was now barely covering her ass. I pulled her skirt up over her ass and pushed her leopard print thong to the side, revealing her perfectly shaven pussy. I pulled her back, repositioning her vagina closer to my face and I could feel the heat coming from her. I began to lick furiously, like a kid licks an ice cream cone on the hottest day of the summer. She was so wet, and tasted phenomenal. 

We kept at the 69 for a couple minutes before she almost screamed "I have to have your dick inside of me baby, please!" I couldn't help but oblige as I turned her over, and she got up on her hands and knees. She looked back at me over her shoulder, as if taunting me, and wiggled her sweet ass in my face until finally I'd had enough and slammed into her. I stopped at the hilt. She gasped in pleasure. Kylie grabbed onto the headboard to balance herself. I started slowly pulling out of her, teasing her. She was practically begging me at this point. I would pick up speed and slow down suddenly. I kept that pace up for a while, and she kept begging me. I decided it was time to really get at it, and give her what she was so curious about. I picked up speed, not too much, but steadily, and she started to move with me. She moaned, and I could tell she loved it. I couldn't help but groan and moan myself, as she felt amazing. She was so wet. I took a long look at at her smooth, tanned skin, and how it looked with the moonlight pouring through the window. She had no tan lines. She arched her back. I bent forward and pulled hair and she strained her neck as I kissed her mouth over her shoulder and groped for her tits. I pinched her nipples and rolled them in between my thumb and index finger while I continued fucking her. She was bucking against me wildly and I had to reciprocate. 

We kept at it like this for another ten minutes or so, and I could tell she was about to cum. God I wanted to, and was ready to cum in her so bad. I went ahead to full speed and was now pumping her with everything I had, and she gave it right back to me. She started screaming and I thought for sure my passed out friends or her sleeping roommates would hear her. There's no way they couldn't. They would think someone was killing her and rush in, but it didn't happen, and just then we both came. 

She collapsed underneath me and I fell on the bed next to her. I pulled my pack of Camels from my jacket pocket and offered one to her. We sat there, laughing. 

"That was amazing she said. I didn't think it would be that good."

"Convinced?" I asked her. 

"Well I certainly did enjoy it" she giggled. "I was serious before, anytime you want to."

"I'll be sure and remember that darling" I tried to say coyly.

Not long after that I fell asleep for a couple hours and decided I was sober enough to hop on my bike and ride home to Kelly where she was sleeping soundly in a drunken stupor.