 My hips swung to the music as the crowd urged me on. I'd never had any dance training, but I let my body take control as I grasped the pole and slowly circled it. My heels clicked against the stage, and I could hear them whistling.

"C'mon baby, take it off!"

It was the weekly amateur night at Jake's Girls, and I'd been dancing for a month. I wish I could say that it was about the money, but it wasn't, although the cash was nice. 

What I really wanted was to lose just a little control to take the edge off things. 

It all started a month ago when I'd turned twenty-one. My boyfriend of six months had just transferred schools, and we were pretending that it was working, but I desperately missed the touch of a man. When I'd first met Travis, he was a student at the local community college, but now he was three states away. 

We'd Skype and sext and try to get each other off over the phone. It was hot at first, but lately, the only way I could get off with him was if I'd kept my fingers and my toys off my pussy all week. The worst part was that I knew he was probably enjoying all the pussy that he wanted at school. Trevor was insanely hot, and he'd cheated on his last girl for me. 

Once a cheater, always a cheater. 

I don't even know why I stuck it out. The sex was good when we were together, but he wasn't much of a conversationalist, and I certainly wasn't in love. We'd say it, but we both knew they were empty words. He never sent me flowers to be sweet, and I didn't even listen half the time when he vented over the phone. 

I don't know why he'd stuck it out ether except to make sure that I would still suck his cock when he was on break. 

When he didn't even call on my birthday, my best friend Kelly took me out. We'd been attached at the hip since first grade. Kylie and Kelly. Both tall, leggy, blonde, and blue-eyed, we could have passed for sisters. She knew that I was frustrated, and she told me just how I could relieve my frustrations. 

Jake's Girl's was an hour drive away. With plenty of other strip clubs in the city, this ensured that no one would ever know how I spent my Wednesday nights. I'd paled and balked when I realized what she wanted me to do, but after a few shots of tequila, I was on the stage and rubbing my wet pussy on the pole. And when Kelly joined me, the audience threw their money at us.

I wasn't gay. I'd watch a few lesbian pornos to get off simply because most porn was nothing but cock in pussy, but lesbian porn was about seduction and licking and orgasms. I'd never even had a lustful thought about Kelly before that moment, but when she ran her hands over my naked body and teased the audience by pulling on my thong, I couldn't help but wish she'd slide a finger inside me. 

By the time the night was over, I was addicted. There was a euphoric high knowing that all those men were having fantasies about me, and my orgasms when I got home were amazing. I pictured a complete stranger climbing up on the stage and shoving the small fabric of my panties aside to sink deeply inside me. I pictured laying on my back while Kelly worked me over with her tongue.

I pictured two men double penetrating me. 

"You're a natural," Kelly had said with a smile. "Did it make you feel better? Every single one of those guys is going to go home and fuck their wives wishing that it was you."

I'd confessed that I was so wet I could have come with just a flick of my thumb. She'd just laughed and told me there was so much more to sex that I needed to explore. After writing down the name of a website, she'd given me a hug and whispered not to let Travis hold me back. 

I haven't dumped him. There was almost no need. He wasn't faithful, so I didn't care if I let some stranger slide a twenty over my aching pussy. In between those wonderful Wednesdays, I had Travis's sexting to keep me going. 

He'd often try to start something while I was at work. I had the grades to get into college, but it didn't appeal to me. I held on to a few dead end jobs until my father found me data entry work for N. B. Turner. It was a large accounting firm in the city, and it paid me well. Best of all, I got to work directly under Mr. Turner. The thirty-five year old man was one of the youngest and wealthiest entrepreneurs in the city.

He was also one of the hottest. I can't lie when I say that half the reason I let Travis get me all worked up when I'm supposed to be inputting numbers into the computer is because I like to imagine that it's Mr. Turner bending me over a desk and sliding his cock in me. 

When Travis blew his load, he'd hang up and often leave me aching, so I'd check out the site that Kelly had sent me. 

Fucking erotica. 

It took be by surprise when I perused the stories. There were things that I'd never even thought of before that suddenly were all I could think about. I started having fantasies about people in my life that I had no business picturing naked with their mouth on my pussy. It got me so riled that I'd often had to excuse myself to the bathroom and quickly rub one out.

No one seemed to be aware of it, and I always made sure I did my job. 

And on night's like tonight, I let it all go. 

Kelly usually joined me, but tonight she had to cancel because of a hot date. I didn't mind. It was nice to have the spotlight to myself. 

The crowd didn't mind either.

I couldn't help but moan as I tried to grind my clit to the pole. "Fuck, baby, come a little closer," one man asked. 

Unable to resist, I crawled to the edge of the stage and pushed myself on my knees. They weren't allowed to touch me directly, but that didn't mean they didn't get creative about it. Holding up the fifty, the man leered at me. "You wanna work for it?"

Eagerly, I nodded. He pressed the bill to my throat and slowly slid it down my body. I'd never stripped down past a bikini-like top and a thong, but my nipples were more than erect, and I couldn't help by moan when he used his fingers to pinch dirty old Benjamin Franklin around them.

"You like that baby?" he muttered. 

I watched as his hand pressed against the cock that strained under his zipper. "You can do better than that," I whispered as I planted my ass at the edge of the stage with my knees up in the air. The fifty slid down my abdomen and over my panties where he rubbed it for a few seconds. Pleasure coursed through my body, and when he slid the bill under my panties, it scraped against my clitoris, and I arched my back and cried out. 

Fuck. I was so close to an orgasm, but the bouncer here was vigilant. The stranger was already toeing the line. 

"Aw, sweet baby," he growled. "Please give me your number. Or hell, just meet me in the parking lot. I'll fuck you in the back seat. I'll plow you on the hood of the car since you seemed to like an audience."

God, yes. I wanted so badly to do just that but still wasn't brave enough. Still, I wanted to tease him a little bit more. "Are you married baby?" I said as flipped to my hands and knees and let my heavy breasts swing in front of him. 

"Does it matter?"

Smiling, I stuck a finger inside my cunt and slowly withdrew it. "I just wanted to give you something to think about when you're fucking her tonight." I stuck my finger in my mouth and sucked on it before slowly pulling it out. 

From the look on his face, I thought he was going to jump on the stage and fuck me right then and there. 

I almost wanted it. 

"All right, all right," the DJ on the PA system announced. "Let's give it up for the young and tight Cookie. I know what I'll be dreaming about tonight."

That was my cue that my time was up. I blew him a kiss before I grabbed my dress and money from the stage and exited out the side. 

Jake, the owner, was waiting for me in the hall. I'd expected all strip club owners to be skeezy fat old men, but Jake was the complete opposite. Respectful, athletic, and probably in his forties, he treated all the girls with respect, and the rumors were that he wouldn't actually touch any of them. "Cookie," he said with a smile. "You are such a natural, but you're really pushing the limits out there."

"I'm sorry," I said as my cheeks reddened. "I get a little carried away."

"Listen, I would never ask my amateurs to do this, but the guy is offering five hundred dollars. I'm not sure if you need the money or not, but he wants a private lap dance. He's been in here a few times this month, and he's never caused any trouble. I know how...um...carried away you get, and I thought you might like the opportunity to give it a try. If you're not comfortable with it, you can say no."

Without even realizing it, I trailed a finger over the neckline of my top. He watched the movement and raised an eyebrow. "I take it you're interested?" he said with a wry smile. 

"Maybe," I said breathlessly. "What are the rules?"

"Well, the rule is no touching. They're to keep their hands to themselves at all times, and everyone is reminded of that before they go in, but the room's are private. There's a bouncer posted near the door, and if you yell for help, the guy is kicked out and banned from the club."

I knew what he was saying between the lines. No one was in there to enforce the rule. If I felt so inclined, I could let a complete stranger run his hands all over me. 

His tongue.

A shiver ran up my spine. "How long?" I whispered. 

"Usually it's fifteen minutes, but it only costs fifty dollars. For five hundred, he could have over two hours. However, I've told him that if you don't want to do more than fifteen minutes, you could leave. He agreed."

Two hours! 

"Okay," I whispered. "I'll give it a try."

"It's okay to be nervous," he said with an encouraging smile. "Some guys even like that. Go ahead and put your dress back on. Stripping is part of the show."

I slipped the red cotton dress over my head. It was a new addition to my closet. Something that was sexy and easily removed. My pussy throbbed as Jake walked me down the hall and stopped at the door. 

"This is Paul. He's going to be looking out for you. The doors don't have any locks on them. All the furniture is bolted to the ground, and the client has been searched so there is nothing to jam the door from the inside and no chance that he has any weapons. If you want to add some sound effects to your show, Paul knows the difference between pleasure and panic, so you don't have to worry about him busting in."

"You're very thorough," I murmured. 

"I have to be. Emotions can get a little out of hand in this business. Have fun, Cookie."

He left me alone in the hall, and I nodded at Paul. He was big, big man, and that made me feel better. "Hi," I said nervously. "I just go on in?"

"Whenever you're ready." His voice was deep and soothing. "I'll be right here if you need me." 

I took a deep breath and slowly opened the door. The lights inside the room were dim, but I could see the outline of a booth that ran all the way around the room and a ledge above it. I guess the rooms are also designed for larger parties. 

The door shut behind me, and I blinked to adjust my eyes. 

"Hello, Kylie."

The familiar voice shook me to the core, and I gasped. "Mr. Turner?"

"I've been watching you for a couple nights now. You're quite good at what you do, and you seem to enjoy it."

I stood frozen by the door as my heart pounded. My boss watched me strip. Only bad things could come of this. 

"Come a little closer, Kylie. I want to see Cookie dance."

My legs were heavy as I walked across the room. He lounged on the booth with his legs open and his arms spread against the back of the book. He looked perfectly relaxed and pussy dripping sexy. With dark hair that curled at the nape of his neck, flashing green eyes, and stubble that I hadn't seen before, I desperately wanted to do anything that he asked of me. 

"Mr. Turner, is my job in jeopardy?" 

"Of course not," he said with a smile. "I'm not that kind of man. I was going to have you call me Nick if it made it easier, but I quite like how Mr. Turner sounds on your lips. Closer, Kylie."

Hesitantly, I moved until I was a hair breath away of being between his legs. "Very good," he whispered. "Take the dress off. Slowly. One strap at a time. Like you do for all those other men while you're on stage."

My fingers trembled as I slipped one strap off and let it fall to my elbow. Swallowing hard, I slipped the other off, and it pooled at my feet. My stage outfit was completely black. A bra-like top that pushed my C-cup breasts together for a deep cleavage and panties that actually covered all of my pussy and ass but tied at the sides. Sometimes I wore a thong, but sometimes I likes to pull at the strings of panties like this to really tease the audience. 

"Turn around. Slowly," he commanded. My body couldn't even begin to deny him as I slowly turned for him. When my back was to him, I felt his hands grasp my hips and pull me back. I almost fell on top of his, but he kept me upright until I no longer teetered on my black stilettos. 

"You're not supposed to touch," I whispered, but I loved the way his hands felt on my body. 

"I'd tell you that for five hundred dollars, I could shove my cock in your mouth and you wouldn't be able to do a goddamn thing about it, but that's not why you're going to let me touch whatever I want."

His voice was dark and intense, and I shivered. I wanted to turn around and see the expression on his face. "It's not?"

"No." He ran a finger up and down my spine. Slowly stroking its entire length from the back of my neck all the way down until he dipped his fingers just under the waistband of my panties. Once. Twice. On the third round, he suddenly undid the snap of my top, and the straps fell down my arms. Gasping, I immediately pressed my elbows to my body to keep the top from falling off. 

"Don't do that," he hissed. "When I want to see your tits, you're never going to deny me. When I want to see your pussy, you're going to immediately strip and widen your legs. Always."

Biting my bottom lip, I relaxed my arms and let the top slide down. "You mean just for tonight, right?" I asked, confused.

"Turn around," he muttered as his hands left my body. "Give me the lap dance I'm paying good money for."

I'd given Travis a lap dance before. It was his birthday, and he said he wanted me to pretend to be a stripper. It was awkward at first, but he'd moved my hips and told me exactly what he liked. 

It didn't feel awkward with Mr. Turner. I obeyed his command, and watched as his eyes immediately dropped to my breasts. Praying that he would touch them, I slowly put one knee on the booth and then the other until I was straddling him. 

"Fuck, Kylie," he hissed. "You get right to the good stuff, don't you baby."

Bracing myself against the back of the booth I began to sway my hips. I was too nervous to ground my pussy against him just yet, but he seemed content to let me move at my own pace. "Do you know why I'm here, Kylie?" 

"To watch the girls," I whispered as I circled my hips. My own panties were working against me. They slid across my cunt and made me even more wet. 

"Just to watch you."

My eyes widened in surprise and my body stilled. "How did you know that I was here?"

"I didn't tell you that you could stop," he growled. Grabbing my hips, he yanked me against him. My pussy ground against his hard cock, and I cried out in pleasure. Ah, fuck. I almost came right then and there. 

"Slowly. Move yourself back and forth. God damn, Kylie, you're right on the edge, aren't you? That asshole with the fifty really turned you on? Was is the money? Or was it that he could have slid his fingers inside your pussy? Did he? Did he touch you under your panties?"

"No," I whimpered as I tried to keep from losing control. Slowly, he forced my hips to rock against him. Forward and back. Forward and back. He stayed practically motionless under me, and I was in awe of his control. I knew he wanted me. His cock was hard as steel. 

"There's a camera in the ceiling over your cubicles. It's well hidden. I don't even usually check it unless supplies start to go missing. Remember when the external hard drive was stolen? I checked the camera to see what I could find. Imagine my surprise when I saw you with her hand down her skirt."

"Oh God." Embarrassed, I squeezed my eyes shut.

"Look at me," he muttered. "Look at me while you slide over my cock. It's a perfect cubicle for you, isn't it? In the corner, right by the wall. No one walks past unless they want to see you. You were always on your phone. Who were you talking to?"

Licking my lips, I tried to maintain eye-contact. "My boyfriend. Travis."

His hips jutted suddenly, and I had to dig my hands into the leather to keep from coming. "Your boyfriend let's you grind your pussy in some stranger's face?" he hissed. 

"He doesn't know," I cried out. "He doesn't even live in the fucking state. Please, Mr. Turner, what do you want? I'm going to come."

"No, you're not. Not until I let you. And if you do, I'll accidentally send out an email with a screen shot of little miss Kylie Jacobs, fucking herself in the office. 

Terror struck me, and I squeezed my muscles together to stave off my orgasm. "What do you want from me?" I begged. "Please."

"You're going to do absolutely everything I fucking tell you," he hissed. 

He lifted me suddenly. I almost wept when his cock wasn't on my pussy, but the only way I could keep from falling was to stand on the booth over him. 

Yanking at the ties of my panties, they fell away, and he straightened. Fuck. His face was right at my pussy. If he licked me, there was no way I could keep from coming. 

"God, it's so perfect, isn't it?" he murmured. "How many men have you had in this pussy?"

"Just one," I whispered. 

"That boyfriend of yours?" he snarled. "And how long have you been fucking him?"

His breath was hot against my skin, and I trembled. "Six...six months," I moaned. The torture was complete agony. 

Lifting his head, he stared at me with surprise on his face. "You lost your virginity six months ago? With this little body, I was have assumed that half your high school had fucked you. Surely a neighbor or two. Maybe one of your Daddy's friends?"

"Daddy's very strict," I muttered finally. "No boys. Ever. Even my mother thought he was too overbearing." 

"Good girl," he said finally. "You're such a good girl, aren't you?"

Nodding, I couldn't help but push my pussy forward just a little bit. "I am a good girl," I moaned. Good girls got rewarded, right?

"So tempting." Nick leaned over and blew gently on my clit. I shuddered. "I bet you taste so sweet. Fuck, I think I could eat you all night."

Then just fucking do it already! My inner voice was screaming at him, but instead of indulging, he simply leaned back and smiled at me. 

"Sit on my lap like a good girl." 

Obediently, I bent down until I was on my knees again, but he shook his head. "Turn around."

Disappointed, I could help rocking on his cock one last time. 

"Ah, fuck," he hissed. "Turn the fuck around. Now. Or you're not going to like what happens next."

"Why?" I whispered. "What would happen next?"

"I might just walk out of here and never touch you again."

It shouldn't have been a threat, but it was. Slowly, I eased off him and turned. I must not have been moving fast enough because he grabbed my hips and pulled me roughly in his lap. 

"Spread your legs," he muttered. "I want to see how flexible you are." 

I was very flexible. My legs almost eagerly separated until my ankles rested on the booth on either side of us. He grunted in appreciation. "That's very good, Kylie. I like that."

"Thank you, Mr. Turner."

He moaned and gently rocked his cock against my ass. "Lean against my baby girl. We need to talk."
