 I promise soon to finish this girl off... I can't seem to make up my mind just how to go about it linguistically :)

Half an hour after I washed your hair clean, we were back in the bedroom, and at least dry of the shower water. You, of course, were still soaked between your legs, and my mouth was watering. I'll reminisce more about that second half hour later, if you like. Mostly, I just love what happened next.

I'd worked over your upper body pretty good in the shower. We were now squeaky clean, and I wanted to do something I only rarely do. After kissing you over to the bed, and laying you down, I trailed myself down your left leg, starting on the inside, nearest your pussy. When I got past your knee, you were alternately sighing and laughing, saying some silly nonsense about how it tickled. My goal was your feet, which is not one of my usual fetishes, but truthfully, I thought you would appreciate a good foot rub and a toe licking.

When my mouth arrived at your ankle, I gently lifted your foot, examining it for possible sensitive spots. I admit my inexperience at foot licking, but I thought I saw some patches of smoother skin that I would have to try out. In the meantime, I worked my hands around your left foot, and began to knead my thumbs against the sole. You moaned in a different fashion this time- I knew you'd had a long week at work, and I was sure this would be appreciated. After a moment of simple foot massage, I lightly slid my tongue along the bottom of your big toe, eliciting a throaty laugh from you. Your feet tasted like clean skin, nothing more and nothing less, but they were truly works of art in terms of visual pleasure. You had similar coloring here as everywhere else, well proportioned toes with delicately painted nails, and no imperfections outside of a tiny cut next to your second toe, probably from too much high heel wear.

While I knew you were enjoying this, I knew I had to press on. Switching feet pulled a new round of appreciative groans and sighs from you, and I took the time to suck on each individual toe, wrapping my lips around them and licking the pads of each, before allowing my hands to begin creeping up your right calf. Soon, my mouth followed, and I had begun my return journey. Despite all our fun thus far, I had still not tasted your pussy. That was going to be remedied.

As I licked and kissed my way to your sweet, sopping slit, I realized that I was truly enjoying myself. A quick glance at your face told me that you felt the same. I was glad this was to be a simple get together, and not a romantic evening. Granted, it helped that I truly didn't want that from you, but there was no pressure here... only fun. Each of us had something the other wanted. And we were going to get it.

Once my tongue made contact with your pussy, I felt your whole body shudder. A muffled "Mff" came from behind your lips, which made my cock twitch with joy. I began running circles around your sweet clit with my tongue, and was rewarded with your faint sighs and your legs squeezing my head. After a few minutes of my ministrations, you were making the most incredible sounds, sighing and moaning in a high pitched breathy voice. Finally, you said the words I'd been waiting to hear: "Holy shit... holy shit I'm coming... I'm commmmming!" followed by an inarticulate series of babbling syllables that went on for a solid twenty seconds. I'll admit that I was ready to stop there, figuring that orgasm would require a rest, but you grabbed my hair and shoved my face back to your drenched pussy and wouldn't let go! So I did what any self-respecting lover would do... I dove back in and licked like my life depended on it, and once again heard you begin to speak... only this time, you didn't stop.

"Oh God....ohgodohgodohgod I'm coming I'm gonna cum so fucking hard... NNGGHH!! I'm coming again, holy FUCK!!"

And so it went for over a minute, with you just reaching orgasm again and again. Finally, your muscles went slack and your grip on my hair subsided. Gasping for air, your body sweaty and delicious... my GOD you tasted good slick with sweat as I kissed my way back to your mouth... you pulled me back to face you and announced the following:

"You have pleased me so much in the past few hours... I want you to be my first."

I nearly came just hearing those words.