 "Can I help you with anything?" I immediately regretted my choice of words as the once-over he gave me told me exactly what he wanted help with.

"No thanks. Just looking for now." I saw the leer he gave me out of the corner off my eye. Groaning inwardly, I hoped he would leave soon, especially since there was only 10 minutes left to closing. Another customer came in. Sighing, I turned to see if the lecherous customer had to decided to actually buy anything.

"Go on ahead and help him. I'm still looking," he winked. I shuddered. The other customer caught my reaction and smiled.

"Oh no, its okay. I'm just waiting for her to finish up. Isn't that right darling?" I smiled gratefully at this complete and total stranger. The lech glared at him and made a snap decision to buy the most annoying type of chocolate to weigh out and package in the store. As I rang up his order, I gave my mysterious savior an appraising glance, liking what I saw. He caught me staring and raised an eyebrow as I blushed while handing the other customer his change, who then grunted and promptly stormed out of the store.

"Thank you so much. I thought he'd never leave."

"You're welcome. Would you like me to stay while you lock up? You know, in case he tries to come back?"

"Sure. Now I know you didn't come in just to rescue some poor girl from a sleaze ball. What would you like?" He laughed.

"A number of things. Mainly some toffee and a few mints." His eyes held an unspoken addition to his request and I blushed again as I boxed up his chocolate.

We chatted while I closed up shop and I found out that his name was Sean and that he worked at the ice cream parlor across the street. Periodically I found myself glancing back at him to confirm my earlier opinion, which I did. Jaw-length black hair that hung in his eyes, which were either green or hazel. I couldn't decide. Firm looking lips, strong jaw...muscled shoulders and arms...He was nice to look at and from the way he stood he knew and didn't care. I surreptitiously examined my appearance in the mirrored sections behind the displays as I wiped down the counters, satisfying myself that my glasses were straight and my hair hadn't too fly-away an appearance, in spite of being pulled back.

I clocked out and turned out the lights in the back. Grabbing my bag, I emerged from behind the counter and ran into Sean. His arms automatically closed around me and I felt my heart rate go through the roof.

"This is nice," he said softly in a voice that sent a delightful shiver down my spine. He reached up and pulled out the hair tie that kept the majority of my hair pulled back, allowing it to tumble free around my face. I looked up at him, losing myself in his eyes and noting absently that they definitely appeared green. He traced my lips with his thumb, caressing my cheek with the other fingers of his hand. Automatically it seemed, my lips parted, allowing his thumb to slip between them briefly. He brought my hand to his mouth and gently kissed my fingers. Gasping, I closed my eyes as he took each finger between his teeth in turn and gently sucked them. My bag slipped from my grasp to the floor, the noise of it falling jolting us from our reverie. As I bent to pick it up, he stopped me and kissed me.

Shocked, I stood there as his lips gently pressed against mine, becoming more and more insistent. My hands locked behind his neck, pulling him closer. He picked me up and placed me on the countertop, his lips moving to the sensitive area just below my ear, teeth gently nipping. My breath quickened.

"Your place or mine?" he murmured in my ear.

"Neither...yet." I gasped out. "The back room..." His hand had disappeared under my shirt and began teasing my breasts. I seized his mouth my mine as he pinched a nipple. Sliding off the counter, I pulled him into the back room. Luckily the table was clear. He slipped our shirts off and undid my bra before turning his attention back to my breasts. His lips closed over a nipple, sucking it into his mouth. I arched my back. His hands moved to my jeans, stripping me completely before kneeling on the floor in front of me. His fingers dipped inside me, feeling how soaked and slippery I was. I bit back a gasp as he brushed my clit. His mouth followed and took the place of his fingers, leaving me to clutch the table behind me for support. He withdrew abruptly before I came and through my fogged sense I heard the distinct sound of his pants hitting the ground. He kissed me again and I tasted myself on his lips.

"I don't think that table could support us darling," he whispered against my lips. The tiny rational part of my brain agreed but I was too far gone to really care.

"I don't care how you do it, just fuck me," I hissed back. He chuckled and turned me around, bending me over the table. He thrust into me hard and I moaned loudly, holding onto the table for dear life as he ever-so-slowly withdrew. His teeth nipped my shoulders and my breasts rubbed against the rough, wooden surface of the table, stimulating my nipples. He thrust into me again and again, gradually picking up pace. My cries grew louder with every stroke and I thrust back against him, our breathing growing ragged. The table started to move forward and shook with every stroke. I could feel my climax building and urged him to thrust harder and harder until he was practically slamming into me, biting my shoulder hard enough to almost draw blood, hands mauling my breasts. Just when I thought I could take it no more, I cried out as my climax hit me, shuddering around him as he too tensed and came within me.

He collapsed on me, pressing me into the table, sending twinges of arousal racing through me. Despite the fact that I had just fucked a complete stranger in the back room of where I worked, I was still incredibly aroused. After a few minutes, we started to get dressed, exchanging kisses in the process.

"So, back to my original question. Your place or mine?" he whispered in my ear.

"Mine," I replied as I walked back to the front of the store. "I've got a rather large and roomy bed." He grinned and followed me out, kissing me again before getting in his car. I couldn't stop thinking about him as I drove home and judging from the kiss he gave me as we stumbled through the door, he hadn't stopped thinking about me either. 

Tearing each other's clothes off, we stumbled blindly toward my room. I sat on the edge of the bed and his mouth closed around my left nipple, leaving it rock hard. I was still soaked from our previous activities and I involuntarily humped the bed as he sucked my breast. Grinning, he lay me back, his tongue dancing in and out of my cunt for all the world like a cat lapping up cream. My fingers twisting in his hair, I gasped as he nibbled at my clit, causing a small tremor to run through me. He kept it up up until I was nearly arching off the bed and pulled away. Seizing my mouth in a hungry kiss, he positioned himself to enter me and hesitated. My hips thrust upward in an effort to force contact and I whimpered as he brushed himself along my slit. I wrapped my legs around him to draw him closer. He slowly entered, prolonging the experience, the memory of him taunting me as I moaned and writhed beneath him.

"Dear god, fuck me. Please fuck me now!" He smirked.

"Are you sure?"

"Dammit! I said fuck me!" He laughed and drove into me so hard I came right then.

"La petite mort," he murmured in my ear, continuing to move within me, building toward another climax. "That's what the French call it, that moment of absolute orgasmic bliss. The little death."