 Chapter 1 

She was bored as she usually was during his meetings. She'd take out a notebook and mostly write down important keywords as well as doodle and put down a plot-line or three as well as a small grocery list. Hardly anyone paid her any mind when she sat in on these meetings however she usually made herself not too visible during the important bits. It was usually afterwards that she put on a show, sometimes she felt it was out of spite for being bored out of her mind, but another part of her knew it was because she loved the looks on the faces of the other men and women when she said something outlandish or talked about her book. 

"Alright, good meeting guys. I'll see you all in a few hours and you'll be happy to know that Miss McConnell has made herself useful in the kitchen with her amazing baked goods with how popular of a hit they were last time we hosted a dinner party." David said with a charming smile as he looked down at otherwise preoccupied Kat who was grinning like an idiot. "Kat." He said as he nudged her chair. 

"Huh?" She said suddenly being jarred from her thoughts. "Oh, yeah." She laughed as she rubbed the back of her neck which is something she usually did when she was nervous. "Cookies, brownies, cakes, and some cheesecake as well. So, I hope you enjoy it." She said with a smile. 

Kat's smiles could light up the darkest rooms and for the amount of trouble she'd get herself into with her lover she was always polite with his associates. He knew she understood that her antics had a time and place in their lives and she usually just did what she did to get a rise out of the women. Their husbands or partners knew that and didn't hold it against him. He had to smile softly as she spoke to the room. 

"I've also gone ahead and ordered some specialty wine for those interested and made sure the bar is fully stocked and for those non-alcoholic drinkers there'll be soda, tea, coffee and of course water. Just please be aware that there are some of the items that I am working on in a couple of the back rooms so if you see them please leave them alone however if you have any questions I'll be more than happy to answer them." She told the group with another smile as they voiced approval. "We'll see you all in a few hours, and I promise I'll try not to be as horrid as I was last time we hosted." She told them placing her hand over her chest. "I didn't mean for it to go that far, however, I was a bit stressed and took it out inappropriately." She told them. "I hope you can find it in your hearts to forgive me." She told them as she opened the door to let them out of the large conference room. 

David looked over at her open notebook as she let everyone out and raised an eyebrow at the chaos he was looking at. A grocery list, supply list, a few different ideas for her book, and then her crude doodles got him to chuckle a bit which he knew would cause her to look over at his direction to which he made sure to make eye contact with her as he saw her face go red and her jaw go slack for a moment. 

Kat heard David chuckle and looked up in horror as he was looking down at her notebook. She could feel her face both drain of blood and flush as her jaw went slack for a few moments as she ushered everyone out of the room and then closed the door leaving her back up against the closed double doors. 

"I can explain." She started before David raised his hand. 

He picked up her notebook and closed it as he walked down to her. "My dear sweet girl." He started with that dark, but irresistible look in his eyes as he looked down at her. "Seems like we're going to need to have another session hmm?" He paused as he opened up the notebook. "Do you even pay attention to what's going on in these meetings or are you just here as a centerpiece?" He asked her a bit harshly than he anticipated. 

Kat blinked a few times and cocked her head slightly to the side. "Um, I do pay attention most of the time, but a lot of this is so foreign to me that I put down key words to go back to you on for any kind of clarification. If you look at the two pages ahead of where you peeked you'll see I actually have that information there." She told him as she bit down on her lower lip nervously and looked down at the floor. "I'm sorry." She mumbled. "Maybe it'll just be easier for you to not have me in these anymore and I'll just take care of things at home." 

David sighed closing the notebook and pulling Kat into his arms. "I'm sorry love." He said quietly to her kissing the top of her head. "I didn't mean to snap at you." He said as he could feel her shoulders shake a little bit. 

Kat couldn't even stop herself when she suddenly felt herself enveloped in David's arms. She was stressed with work and orders not coming out as well as she wanted them to and then family drama was another thing that was stressing her out and it finally came to ahead and she couldn't deal with it. That was when David snapped at her and then embraced her. She started letting it out. 

She choked out a small sob as she wrapped her smaller arms around him and grabbed the back of his shirt to make sure that he wasn't going anywhere as she cried. She could hear him soothing her as well as running his hand through her hair as well as rubbing small circles on her back. It took her a few minutes to compose herself before she pushed herself away from him and rubbed her eyes. 

"I'm sorry, I usually have better control." She told him as she looked up at him. 

David smiled as he wiped away some of the left-over tears from her face. "If you're upset about something you need to talk to me love." He told her as he placed a kiss on her forehead. "Let's go home. We still got a few hours before people start coming over. I'm sure we can find a way to pass the time." He told her holding out his arm. 

Kat grinned sniffing. "I'm sure we could, sir." She agreed with her own grin. "Besides you haven't doled out any kind of punishment in a while. Been a little too busy with work. That's left this little pet kitty beside herself to keep herself occupied." She told him quietly as they walked down the hall of his office to head to the parking lot. 

"Hmm." He said to her as he took out his phone opening up an app. "Well, that's about to change." He told her as he flipped a switch on the app closing it as he could feel her arm tighten around his own. "Lesson one sweet girl," He whispered to her, "obedience is pleasure." He told her. 

Kat wasn't expecting, though she should have, David pulling out his phone and turning on the toy he had placed in her vagina that had a piece attached to it to also stimulate her clit as well. When it turned on it was on a powerful setting to make sure that the point was made immediately. Her eyes nearly rolled into the back of her head as she gripped onto his arm tightly as she could feel herself losing her balance. 

"Oh my God." She said breathlessly. "Yes sir." She said to him as she did her best to look up at him. "I'm not going to make it to the car if you keep it where it is." She told him. 

"Well, you're going to have to. Think of it as the pre-punishment exercise." He told her as he opened the door to go into the main lobby. "Good night Susan, please make sure you're not here too late. Have a good weekend with your family." David said to his receptionist as he led Kat outside. 

"You too sir." Susan said to him which always made Kat cringe, but she knew Susan was harmless as she was a lesbian and her girlfriend worked in the mailroom. They really made a cute couple but right now it took all Kat could do to just focus on not coming as they were walking. 

Chapter 2 

David was talking to Kat; however, he knew she was having a hard time paying attention as they walked across the parking lot. He always parked rather far from the office when Kat came in with him for this very purpose. The parking lot was nearly empty and he could feel her shaking beside him. 

Kat focused on moving forward and not letting herself orgasm as the toy was still going on at full force. She knew she was a mess in her pants but at that moment she didn't care all she cared about was getting to the car and hopefully David would either turn it down or shut it off. Best case in her mind was him putting her on the hood of his car and just get that done right then and there, but too risky in public. She groaned, or maybe moaned, as her mind was in a haze of lust and frustration. All of a sudden she was pulled into David once more but this time he just held her by both arms lightly. 

"Were you not paying attention sweet girl?" He asked her grinning. "I asked you what you wanted." 

Kat blinked a couple of times as she could feel her knees shaking. "What do I want?" She asked and saw him nod after she reiterated his statement. "I want to get off." She told him forcefully. "I want to get off and then I want to go home and be spanked, flogged, whatever you have in store for my transgressions, sir." She told him as she could feel herself coming to block another orgasm. 

David smiled. He loved seeing her come undone like this. It made him hard every time when she was so wanton that her words came out more aggressive than they usually would come out. "You want to cum then, girl?" He asked her as he let go of an arm to place his hand against the side of her face and lightly dragged it down to her neck where he stopped and leaned into her ear. "I could choke you right now and no one would know anything as everyone's gone but Susan and Tracy but they both know how our relationship is, they'd say not a word. I could wrap my hand around your throat and deny your orgasm as I cut off your blood flow." He told her as he gently squeezed to make his point. "But, I'm not that cruel." He told her letting her throat go as he unlocked his car leaving the toy on. "You'll keep it up until we get home." He told her as he helped her into the car. 

Kat sighed breathlessly. "Yes sir." She told him nearly through gritted teeth. "If she had the motor skills she would have done something to let him know just how much she needed to release. "So, is this thing going to be on full blast until we get home as well?" She asked him as she kept shifting in her seat. 

David getting into the driver side looked at his worked-up lover and smiled as he tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear grabbing the back of her neck and pulling her into a hard and possessive kiss. He absolutely loved how she felt against him, even something as smile as her lips against his own felt like heaven to him. He could hear a moan in her throat as he continued to kiss her. When he stopped he looked in her eyes, those green eyes that used to haunt his dreams were now looking at him with such want and lust that he couldn't help but smile. 

"Be a good girl and spread your legs while I drive home." He told her as they both sat back into their seats. 

"Yes sir." She told him as she did as he instructed. She was wearing a simple black outfit - black short sleeve shirt, a black skirt with a pair of black leggings and her black boots. Her leggings however had a hole in her crotch as that's how she'd stitched them together for these situations specifically as she wore a thin pair of cotton panties that if he needed to he could easily circumvent them to get to the toy he had in place. 

"That's my girl." He said as he turned on the car and started moving and placed his right hand on her left thigh rubbing up and down as he could see her struggling to keep herself together. "You're doing so good even with the extra sensations sweet girl." He told her as he continued to rub up her thigh until he got to the opening of her leggings. "So very good my sweet girl." He told her as he pushed into the toy to drive it closer to her g-spot. 

"Oh!" Kat moaned out tensing up trying so hard not to cum right then and there. "This is getting difficult to hold in, I'm not sure I'm going to be able to make it until we get home. That's fifteen minutes if you're not taking back roads." She all but begged him. 

David grinned as he dropped the pressure on the toy and turned onto the highway. "I'll get you home and then we'll have our fun before company comes in, until then relax as best you can, but you are still not allowed to orgasm. Do you understand me? If you do, you'll be doing this during the dinner party." He told her. "You don't want that because I'll have both holes plugged and I know how hard you get off when the anal plug is in." He told her as he rubbed her thigh lightly. 

Kat closed her eyes and focused on breathing. She figured if she could focus on that she'd be fine but goddamn was his hand on her thigh extremely distracting especially when he ghosted his fingers on her inner thigh. But still she managed to keep herself on edge but not go over the edge. She had her iron will to thank for that feat. 

Chapter 3 

"We're home." He told her as he parked the car shutting it off hopping out. 

Kat sighed in relief she was a few steps closer to release and she couldn't be happier. She waited for David to open her door and when he did she noticed he offered his hand to help her get up as he knew damn well she could probably not even hold herself up at this point. 

"Are you happy to be home?" He asked her. 

Kat shuddered holding back another orgasm. "I've never been happier to be home." She told him. 

"Good." He said to her opening the front door. "Now, let's get to the bedroom shall we?" He said to her as he took off his jacket and tossed it on the couch. "I think someone needs rewarded for being such a good girl." He teased her as he lightly bit down on her neck as he came up behind her. 

"Don't do that!" Kat yelped. "God you're gonna make me ruin this." She said and immediately placed her hands on her mouth. "I'm so sorry Sir." She said to him wide eyed. "I didn't mean for it to come out like that." She told him. 

David laughed. "C'mon." He told her as he opened up their bedroom door. 

Kat had never been happier going into their bedroom and she *loved* going into their bedroom because that meant she got him all to herself with no distractions. "So?" She asked him as she turned around to face him. 

"First I want you to take off your leggings and skirt." He told her. 

"Leave the panties?" She asked him raising an eyebrow as he took his tie off and unbuttoned his shirt. 

"Yeah, leave them." He told her. 

Kat sighed as she unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt letting it fall to the floor as well as taking off her leggings which was a bit more difficult as she had to bend over to take them off the whole way. "What now?" 

David finished unbuttoning his shirt and tossed it on the nearby chair and left his tie over his shoulder. "Sit, legs spread." He told her as he took out his phone. 

"Yes sir." She told him as she sat down on the edge of their king size bed and spread her legs open for him. She still blushed even though he'd seen every inch of her body by this point. Her arms were holding her up to the best of her ability and she just watched him as he did a few things on his phone and she suddenly felt the toy stop going off. She looked at him confused as he was grinning. 

"Just wait." He told her as he took a moment to drink her in. She was spread open just for him and he could see just how wet she was from the toy as her panties were soaked. Her shirt pressed up against her body and he could see the want in her eyes and in her body language. "Does a girl wish to cum?" He asked her as he walked slowly towards her. 

Kat moaned even though the toy wasn't on but that voice he used, just set her body on file. "Yes, sir. A girl would very much like to cum." She told him breathlessly. 

David walked up to her and kneeled down to smell her sweet scent of arousal. "I think you've suffered long enough." He told her as he took her panties off and then slowly removed the toy handing it to Kat. "I want you to clean it off. I want you to taste yourself and what your disobedience tastes like." He told her. 

Kat took the toy from him and put the whole thing in her mouth and licked it clean. She didn't mind how she tasted though the latex like taste did nothing for her, however she was quickly distracted as David placed her legs over his shoulders and dove right into her throbbing pussy. 

"Oh my God." She said as she went back down on the bed as she could feel his tongue going in and out of her opening as well as swirling around her clit. Still though, she wasn't given permission to cum so she again held on as long as she could. 

David knowing full well how easily he could get her to cum against her will stopped for a moment and climbed up on top of her and kissed her greedily letting her juices from his mouth and tongue to go into her own. He broke the kiss for a moment and hovered over her lips. "A girl may cum once she counts down to ten aloud." He told her as he reached between her legs with his hand and started to gently rub against her clit. 

Kat could hardly understand what was going on around her but she knew what he was asking. "Ten," She started breathlessly against his lips. "Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one." She counted down as the pressure he placed against her clit behind harder and faster as she counted down until she got to one where he quickly replaced his hand with his face as she came violently under his ministrations. 

Hearing her moans of pleasure left him in a state of need himself, however, he hadn't even started punishing his sweet girl. This was reward for the orgasm denial he put in place while they were still in his office and waiting until she was given permission. As he drank her in and felt her bucking against him he couldn't help but smile against her still very wet and wanton pussy. He kissed her nether lips once last time before he once against was on top of her. 

Kat felt such peace when she finished orgasming that she didn't even feel him hovering over her, nor did she feel him move her more to the center of the bed. She opened her eyes and then noticed he was hovering over her and she smiled reaching up and putting her hand against his face. 

"Well, hello there." She told him as she kissed him tenderly once and then looked at him. "So, punishment now huh?" She asked him still smiling. 

David laughed for a moment. "You guess that's what's next?" He asked her as he straddled her waist. "What if I were to reward you more for your performance in holding yourself together?" He asked her as he raised an eyebrow as he crossed his arms over his chest. 

Kat narrowed her eyes not believing him. "You're bluffing." She told him. "It's never this easy." She kept her eyes trained on her lover as she saw the grin splay across his face. 

"Well aren't you the smart little girl." He told her as he took both her wrists and placed them above her head. "You still may get a treat provided you take your punishment with tact and grace." He told her as he placed both her wrists in one hand as he brought the leather shackles out from the head board posts and secured either wrist and then did the same with her legs. "Now, hang tight I'll be right back." He told her as he left the room. 

"David!" Kat yelled as he closed the door in disbelief and sighed as she groaned. "Ugh, I hate being left alone like this." She muttered as she looked around the immediate area. She didn't see any of the usual tools and toys around them beyond the vibrator she had been using earlier so she had to assume he was getting what he wanted to use. 

Chapter 4 

Kat started humming to herself as she waited for David to get back. Being chained up was rather boring for her as she couldn't do much so she decided she'd close her eyes and just let her mind wonder. She had never delved this far into being a submissive for her partner. Usually she was the one who was the dominant one but this time it felt more natural for her to be the submissive one. It could be the previous history or it could be timing of it all but she just felt safe and taken care of knowing she had him. 
