 The flyer read, "Where will you be October 31st? Cum one, cum all to 'The Labyrinth of Lust.' Do you dare enter the labyrinth and risk facing the Minotaur of Desire or his seductress? All over 21 are welcome. Must be in full costume to enter. Spend an erotic Halloween in the labyrinth making your fantasies a reality, and your reality a fantasy."

Yvonne Tyler read the flyer several times to herself. In the center was a picture of a Minotaur from Greek mythology next to an image of Medusa and her hair of snakes. She was sitting at the dining room table of her friend Kelly Jameson, having drinks with Suzie Roberts and Heaven Carter. It was their usual Saturday night "book club" meeting where they'd have drinks, talk about the latest book they read, and vent about their lives.

"So, what is it exactly?" asked Yvonne.

"Oh shit!" exclaimed Kelly. "I forgot you weren't here last year."

"It's an annual Halloween tradition here," said Suzie.

"It's lots of fun," said Heaven.

"So what is it?" asked Yvonne.

"It's kinda like a carnival but sexier," said Heaven.

"Look," began Kelly, "out at the edge of town in that huge vacant field they build a huge labyrinth and hidden inside, so they claim, is the Minotaur."

"Actually, it's supposed to be two. One male, one female," said Suzie.

"Right," continued Kelly. "So, we all go in and if the Minotaur finds you, then you're his or her sex slave for the night."

"HIS WHAT?" exclaimed Yvonne.

Everyone laughed. "There is no Minotaur. It's just an excuse for a giant orgy," said Suzie.

"I've never known anyone who has ever met the so-called Minotaur, even the ones who spent all night in the labyrinth. They just say they either got caught up watching performers fuck or ended up fucking someone," explained Heaven.

"What performers?" asked Yvonne.

"Oh, I keep forgetting you're new to town," said Heaven.

"The Labyrinth of Lust gets its name because there are live sex shows," said Kelly.

"That's why it's held on the edge of town," interrupted Suzie. "It started off as a ritual for a fruitful harvest and healthy children."

Kelly shot Suzie an angry stare, then said "The story goes that one year the townsfolk didn't put up the Labyrinth because some religious zealots said it was an abomination to have such a festival. Then the town had the worst winter in recorded history. All the babies born that year either died in childbirth, were stillborn, or only lived a few days. That is, those that made it full term. Several women reported suffering miscarriages. Then all the crops were destroyed by bad weather and pests. The town nearly starved."

Yvonne sat wide-eyed listening to every word. "What happened?"

"Well," continued Kelly, "they spent the summer building a new and bigger Labyrinth and swore they'd never ignore the tradition of the Labyrinth ever again. The following year the town had a mini baby boom and more successful crops than ever before."

"What happened to the religious zealots?" asked Yvonne.

"No one really knows," said Suzie. "Some say they were run out of town. Others say they were eaten to keep the town alive. Some claim they became the first two Minotaurs after the return of the Labyrinth."

"What we do know is the Labyrinth is a lot of fun and the one night a year you can fuck whomever you want," said Heaven. "That's why the costumes, so you don't know who you're fucking. If you get pregnant, which rarely happens, it's usually a prearranged fuck. Besides, no man would dare ask for a paternity test as he might find out not only who his wife fucked, but whom he fucked in return."

"Doesn't it cause problems?" asked Yvonne.

"Only with outsiders," said Kelly in a stern voice. "If they start questioning the purpose of the Labyrinth, refusing to participate, or trying to prevent anyone from entering."

Yvonne shivered. "I didn't mean-"

Kelly laughed. "I'm just teasing you Yvonne! No one is forced to enter or fuck. It's only one night and the whole thing is torn down the next morning."

"Why?" asked Yvonne.

"Well," said Suzie, "the field is owned by a local farmer who needs the space for his crops. It's believed to be the land of the family who brought the so-called Minotaur to our community."

"And leaving the labyrinth up causes problems with outsiders who don't understand our customs," said Heaven.

"Outsiders who don't adapt don't stay long," said Kelly in that same stern tone as before. "You won't be like that here will you Vonn?"

"N-n-no," stammered Yvonne.

Kelly put her hand over Yvonne's and said, "I knew we could count on you."

*~*~*

The next day, after Yvonne opened the bookstore, she was still staring at the flyer the girls had given her. The stories they shared scared her more than anything and she was starting to regret taking this position. She had wanted to be the manager of her own store for years, and though she was the most qualified, she had been passed over several times until this site came available. Now she started to think she was sent here to either keep this location open or to force her out. The bell at the door rang as Cindy, the only employee who didn't quit when she took over, entered to start her shift. Cindy was a bubbly brunette with large, light brown eyes, and an amazingly curvy body. She was also an avid reader like Yvonne, and knew how to sell the slower-moving books. Yvonne was grooming Cindy to be her assistant manager.

"Good morning boss!" sang out Cindy.

"Good morning Cindy," said Yvonne.

Cindy walked up and saw the flyer. "Oh damn, is it October already?"

Yvonne glanced down at the flyer and blushed. "Yeah, I guess it is."

"So are you going?"

"Going?"

"To the labyrinth," said Cindy in an excited tone.

"Um... well... I um."

"Yvonne," said Cindy in a softer tone, "what have you been told about our labyrinth?"

"That it's an excuse for a town orgy."

Cindy laughed. "Well, that part is kinda true. But it's so much more. It's a ritual to ensure prosperity to our town while having a night of unadulterated sexy fun."

Yvonne looked down at the flyer. "What can you tell me about it?"

Cindy smiled. "More than most. Can I let you in on a little secret?"

"Cindy," said Yvonne, "you can tell me anything. You know that."

"But are you willing to not tell that catty bunch of girls you've been hanging out with?"

Yvonne knew Kelly, Suzie, and Heaven were a bit forceful, but didn't see them as catty. Then she thought about how poorly they treated Cindy, even though Cindy was a nice person and in Yvonne's eyes, one of the hardest working employees she'd ever known. "I'm guessing you're not a big fan of theirs."

"It's stupid, I'll admit," said Cindy, "but let's just say we have never been friends. It started in high school and I guess on some level it continues. Perhaps they were jealous of my Greek ancestry."

"I didn't know you were Greek."

"I don't advertise it, but someone in my family owns the land where the labyrinth will sit."

Yvonne gasped. "Look, I'm not sure what history you have with the gals in my book club, but I do know you're the best employee I've ever had. I also know that after what I've been told about this so-called labyrinth, I'm thinking I made a huge fucking mistake moving to this town."

Cindy looked around, then said softly, "If you promise to keep what I tell you a secret, I'll tell you all I know about the labyrinth after work today. I swear it."

The bell on the store's door rang and Yvonne whispered, "Deal," then walked up to the customer and said, "Hello, what can I help you find today?"

The day progressed as normal and after the store was closed and locked, Cindy and Yvonne sat in the office filling out their daily paperwork and counting the cash for the night's deposit. "So," said Yvonne as she signed the deposit slip. "You promised me an explanation."

Cindy put her report in the file cabinet and said, "Did your friends tell you about the Minotaur?"

"They said it wasn't real."

Cindy laughed. "Figures."

"What?"

"Those girls said that for a reason. Let me clue you in. There are a few rules that only a tiny handful know in regards to the labyrinth. To begin with, the Minotaur is real. Not real in the sense of the mythological creature, but a real man in a Minotaur costume. There is a secret committee that selects the most, um," Cindy paused, then giggled.

"The most what?"

"Well-endowed eligible bachelor."

"As in?"

"The guy with the biggest cock."

Yvonne blushed, then giggled. "You're kidding."

"Nope. Every year a different man is chosen. His identity is kept a secret but we do have a way to make sure it's not the same man year after year. Anyway, the man selected can tell no one he's the Minotaur until Halloween night. Then, he makes his selection and the rest is between him and his mate. Now, there is a female chosen as well, she's usually pretty and curvy. A lot like you are, if you don't mind me saying. She too picks a guy to fuck, though often she spends the night with the guy she's dating. Finding a single woman to fuck random men is a bit tougher, but every so often they find a single gal. Most people end up fucking whomever they come across. Did they tell you about the live sex shows?"

"Yeah."

"Well, the performers you've heard about volunteer. Most come back year after year. Some are rumored to be a former Minotaur and his partner, the one he met the night in the labyrinth. Now, this I can't be too sure about. What I can tell you is this. Both the Minotaur and his partner for the night must keep their identity a secret or risk forever being banned from the labyrinth. Trust me, the few who tempted this rule no longer live here."

"What do you mean by that?"

"That whoever the Minotaur is, and whomever he fucks, can't tell anyone, not even their closest friends or family."

"And the members of the secret committee?"

"They wear masks and hide their identity so the man selected has no idea who they are either. It's kinda complicated but I assure you, to be picked by the committee or the Minotaur or the seductress is a high honor. Trust me."

Though she hadn't said it directly, Yvonne felt Cindy was talking from personal experience. "You can't really tell me much more can you?" asked Yvonne.

"I can tell you that you all those who enter respect the wishes of their partner. We all understand that 'no,' means 'no.' You won't be forced to do anything you don't want to do. I swear it."

Yvonne smiled. "So, what do you suggest I wear for that night?"

Cindy smiled. "I'm sure that catty bunch can help you more than I can, but if you're really stuck for an idea, I've got a few."

*~*~*

Halloween night everyone gathered in the large field on the edge of town. Yvonne fidgeted nervously with the skirt of her costume. She decided on a sexy "Dorothy" from the Wizard of Oz with a short blue gingham dress, white petticoats underneath, and her sexiest white thong panties. The white thigh-high stockings with lace around the top that attached to the strapless, white merry widow bodice fit her curvy form perfectly. The white shoulder-less blouse with the white partial sleeves around her arms rested just above the base of the dress, and the blue gingham straps of the dress went over her shoulders. The silver heels were the perfect accent to her costume as they were truer to the book, and not the movie. Her blonde hair was hidden underneath the long, brown wig with the two long braids in them that went down to the small of her back. The girls had helped Yvonne with her make-up to make her blue eyes pop, and around her neck she wore a small dog collar with a tag that said "Toto."

"You sure look good," said Kelly as she, Suzie, and Heaven walked up.

Yvonne smiled nervously and said, "You should know since you helped me get dressed."

Kelly wore a sexy Red Riding Hood with a red velvet dress, red hood, and red boots up past her knees. Suzie was a sexy witch in a black mini dress and 5" stiletto heels. Heaven was a sexy angel with low-cut dress, wings, white fishnet stockings, and white heels. Yvonne could easily see they were all braless, something they tried to talk her into as well. "Are you ready for tonight?" asked Suzie.

"No," said Yvonne. "But I promise not to make any trouble."

They all laughed. "You'll have fun," said Heaven. "And if you want out, just find an exit sign and you can escape."

"Now come on," said Kelly, "let's get up there so we can hear the annual instructions."

"Instructions?" asked Yvonne.

"Just part of the tradition," said Kelly. "You pretty much know all you need to know already."

The four friends walked toward the entrance and saw the small stage. While they waited, Yvonne's mind wandered back to how she came to know these bawdy women and how she came to be in this odd town. She was offered a job running a local branch of the bookstore chain she had been working for, but it required her to move from the only home she'd ever known to this strange little Gomorrah. The previous manager left late the previous year in early November without warning, and Yvonne was the most qualified person to take the job. She didn't want to move so close to the holidays, but with her recent break-up, a fresh start seemed to be just what the doctor ordered.

Yvonne met Kelly and the girls one day shortly after she started. She was setting up a new display of the latest erotic trilogy and the publisher had even included some props to help promote the books. Just as she set the final prop in place she heard, "I thought this was a book store not a porn shop."

Yvonne turned to see the three women standing behind her. The middle one was tall, slender, with dark brown hair, almond eyes, and light brown complexion. Her suit seemed tailored-made for her curvy shape. The woman to her left was shorter, dark skinned, black curly hair, and not nearly as voluptuous. The woman to her right was a nearly flat-chested redhead with green eyes and freckles. All three were wearing business suits and had that air of expensive and elegance.

"New book series," said Yvonne. "The publisher sent the props hoping it would boost sales. They say it's the next '50 Shades' but personally, I think it's better."

The middle woman smiled and said, "I like the sound of that, but I hope you're not just saying that to get me to buy it."

"No," said Yvonne. "I never recommend a book I don't like. It's why I was the top salesgirl three years in a row and how I made management so fast."

"Is that what brings you here?" asked the woman on the left.

"That and the old manager left without warning," said Yvonne. "I'm Yvonne Tyler, by the way."

"I'm Kelly, this is Heaven and Suzie," said the woman in the middle pointing to the women to her left then right.

Yvonne extended her hand, "Nice to meet you ladies."

They shook her hand and proceeded to talk books. It was then the girls invited Yvonne to their Saturday book club and read the new book Yvonne recommended that week. It was how their friendship grew so quickly. Now, tonight, that friendship was being somewhat tested for Yvonne. She didn't know if her friends were setting her up for a prank or if this labyrinth was for real. They reached the staging area where the other costumed guests gathered. Though most didn't know who was who, Yvonne couldn't shake the feeling she was being watched. Yet, when she looked around she couldn't see anyone staring at her.

The crowd grew larger; everyone was wearing a costume. Yvonne began to wonder what was going to happen next. Though it wasn't cold, she felt goose bumps on her skin and trembled slightly. She couldn't shake the fear that gripped her about being some stranger's fuck toy.

Kelly stepped up and said, "I've got an idea. If you are lucky enough to get fucked tonight, we want proof."

"Proof?" asked Yvonne. "Like what? His costume?"

"No," said Kelly, "too easy to fake."

"What did you have in mind?"

"A hickey."

"A what?" questioned Yvonne.

"Look," said Kelly, "I like you a lot, and I'd like you to stick around. But see, if you think this is some kind of fucking joke and treat it as such, you won't last long here."

"I'm fucking here aren't I?" snapped Yvonne.

"Yeah," said Suzie, "but others have been as well."

"And we've really grown fond of you," said Heaven.

"So," said Kelly, "if you get lucky, have him or her give you a hickey. Don't worry, it won't be that difficult."

"I don't like hickeys," said Yvonne. "They're for teenagers and I'm no teenager."

"Just have it put somewhere that can be hidden easily," said Suzie.

"Like the back of your neck," said Heaven.

"Yeah," said Kelly, "Heaven's right. Then your hair will cover it."

Yvonne looked at her three friends. They were the first to accept her when she moved here, and for the most part, were her only friends. She knew if she was forced out of town, she'd lose more than just her job. "Fine," she sighed, "if I get lucky I'll have whoever I fuck give me a hickey. But no promises on where."

Kelly smiled. "Atta girl Vonn! I knew you were one of us."

Yvonne was beginning to wonder what she had gotten herself into with these ladies. Her stomach twisted and she debated if she wanted to just say, 'Fuck it,' and run to her car when a voice boomed across the crowd, "Gather round! Gather round! Gather round!"

The crowd grew quiet as a man dressed in a sparkly mini-dress stepped out onto the stage. Yvonne giggled as she thought he looked pretty good in drag and was impressed he wore the dress better than many women could. "Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Labyrinth of Lust. A few quick reminders before we start. First off, those who choose to enter the labyrinth do so of their own free will. Second, no means no. If someone says 'no,' you need to move on. Third, you must maintain your costume from the neck up as best as possible. Anonymity is key to the labyrinth. Now, let's take a moment and reflect on why the labyrinth is so important. Come with me back in time to when our little town was first established... to when a young Greek family came here with a secret to help the town become prosperous."

A young man wearing a toga stepped out on the stage and said, "Greetings. I am Adonis and I have the secret to bringing your crops to yield better than you can imagine and guarantee you healthy children."

Several more people joined him on stage as they acted out the early days of the town and how it prospered. Then came the two religious zealots. "This labyrinth is an abomination to God!"

"You will all burn in hell!"

"And so," the emcee from the beginning said, "the town held no labyrinth that Halloween and a great cry was heard."

There was a sound of weeping women. "My child!"

"My crops!" cried a man.

"My family is starving!"

"Kill the zealots!"

"Make them face the Minotaur!"

"Make them become the Minotaur!"

"It's difficult to say what really happened to the zealots," said the emcee. "But after that dreadful year, we never neglected the labyrinth again. And so tonight friends, we gather here to continue the tradition and keep our town prosperous and healthy. Once you enter the labyrinth, you are free to wander. You may fuck whomever you wish as long as they agree. You are to keep your identify a secret. At sunrise, we will release you all. What happens in the labyrinth, stays in the labyrinth. With that said, prepare to meet the Minotaur or his seductress, and enjoy your magical night."

"Sunrise?" asked Yvonne.

"Well yeah," said Suzie. "Didn't we tell ya?"

"Ugh... no. You said I could leave when I wanted."

"Oh," said Suzie. "Oops."

"If you find an exit, then yes you can leave early," said Kelly.

"Not to worry," said Heaven, "the town basically closes down tomorrow. Kind of a post Halloween and labyrinth rest."
