 Author's Note: I am proud to say that this was actually written by my wife (who has starred in all of my writing), who was inspired by my stories and wanted to write one herself. This was a dream she had about one of her students, and I liked it so much I convinced her to post it online. She was too lazy to build her own profile, so she just used mine instead. This is a story about seduction, so the emphasis is on building tension rather than continuous sex. Enjoy. 

-----

It was Thursday afternoon--finally!--and she was in her closet trying on outfit after outfit for tonight's class. Nothing seemed to look right in the mirror. She wanted to attract his attention, but without being obvious. She opted for a knee-length pencil skirt in black with professional (but still sexy) high heels. For a top she chose a form-fitting collared blouse and a tailored cutout vest. As a whole, it looked like an ensemble any youthful professor would wear to teach a class. However, if needed, unbuttoning the blouse one button lower or seductively bending over in the tight skirt would tremendously enhance the sex appeal of the outfit. She nodded with satisfaction and walked out to the living room, kissed her husband on the cheek as he sat on the couch, and headed out the door.

As she prepared for class, she secretly watched the door awaiting his arrival. She found herself impatiently bouncing her leg as she sat behind her desk and forced herself to take a deep breath, both to calm her nerves and her rapidly beating heart.

On cue, he entered the room. He was dressed in his normal attire: a surf-inspired tee-shirt that pulled taut across his muscular chest and arms, cargo shorts, and flip flops. 

Though she certainly enjoyed his casual look, she always hoped that he would come to class in his uniform one day, just so she could compare his body between the two distinct looks.

He turned to face her as he walked by and nodded his head in greeting. His deep green eyes had an entrancing effect on her, even for only the brief moment they stared into hers. His tanned skin contrasted nicely and made his eyes all the more alluring to her. She thought she saw him smile slightly as he acknowledged her, then watched it quickly fade as he walked by.

Her eyes discretely followed him across the room until he sat in his usual seat in the second row. Her heart was still beating rapidly, though she was noticeably more relaxed now that he was here. Now all she needed to do was get through the three-hour class, doing her best to resist his power over her, a power he didn't realize he had.

After lecturing briefly, she walked around the classroom to help students while they worked on the assignment. She walked behind his chair on the way to another student and discretely inhaled his scent. It was crisp and subtle, but extremely sexy. She felt a flood of wetness in her panties and took a second to compose herself before answering another student's question. 

Maybe it would be better if I avoid his desk altogether, she thought to herself.

She returned to her desk and tried to occupy herself with grading papers. Recrossing her legs, she felt the silkiness of her panties slide against her wet pussy. Without thinking, she began slowly rotating her hips to continue the sliding sensation. She alternately flexed each of her thighs to apply pressure to her clit. 

She was becoming more aroused than she would like to in a public setting, but she could not help herself. He was so close, yet she couldn't have him; it was too much for her to handle. She uncrossed her legs and spread them slightly, feeling the rush of cool air hit her warm pussy.

Instead of cooling her down, the contrast of hot and cold was suddenly erotic and she began fantasizing that she was kissing his chest with an ice cube in her mouth, alternating between her warm lips and an icy cold tongue.

His body would quiver every time she licked him, as if it had taken him by surprise. She moved her mouth lower and lower while tracing her hand across his inner thighs. She would tease him until he begged her to relieve his pulsing hard-on...

She quickly snapped out of her daydream when she heard students packing up their backpacks. She looked around to see if anyone had noticed, but they all seemed busy putting away their notebooks and other supplies. Sighing in relief, she began to pack her own bag.

She stole glances toward him to see if he would linger like he usually did after class. Sure enough, he was still in his seat, slowly rearranging his book bag and looking over his notes from class. The other students trickled out of the room, leaving her alone with him once again. This was exactly what she looked forward to each week, what she meticulously picked out her clothes for: this time alone with him.

She asked if he had any questions from the day's class. He said no, but wondered if she could check out what he had found under his microscope. She obliged and walked over to his desk, and he stood and moved back from the table just enough so she could stand in front of him.

As she leaned over to look in the eyepiece, she was instantly enveloped in his intoxicating scent, and she could feel his green eyes looking at her tight ass in the sexy black skirt. She wiggled slightly, feigning a better viewing position in the microscope, knowing exactly what he was seeing: long, tan legs leading up to a runner's perfect ass. The pencil skirt hugged all of her curves and left little to the imagination when leaning over the way she was.

She arched her back slightly and felt her blouse shift up her back, exposing a small amount of skin above the waistband. She heard him exhale sharply and then felt his warmth move towards her. A wave of pleasure spread through her as he pressed his body ever so gently against her backside. 

He placed his large hands on her waist and pulled her upright. His hands continued to move up her sides until they reached the base of her breasts. Halting there, he leaned down to kiss the side of her neck.

Instinctively she leaned her head to the side to allow him better access. She closed her eyes and traced her hands over her body until they were on top of his. Then she guided his hands over her breasts and left them there, giving him permission to explore the rest of her body on his own. Gently he pressed his palms over each of her perky, B-cup-sized breasts that easily filled his hands. He reached further and began unbuttoning her blouse, one by one, until her lacy bra was revealed. She could feel the aching of her rock-hard nipples, screaming to be licked and nibbled, and she reached back over her shoulder to caress the back of his neck and scalp, pulling him closer to her.

Suddenly he turned her around so they were face-to-face. The rapid movement surprised her, and she let out a squeal of excitement. He leaned into her body, pressing his rigidly erect cock into her stomach as he pushed her against the table. Her stance automatically widened to allow him to stand between her legs.

He continued kissing her neck, now in the front, and nibbled on her earlobe before dropping lower towards her chest. She let her head roll back, enjoying the sensation of his warm lips on her skin. 

He moved his face between her breasts and slowly nudged the edge of her bra until her nipple was exposed. She moaned loudly as he enveloped her hard nipple in his soft, warm mouth. His hands moved down to her ass and pulled her closer to his body as he continued to lick her nipple.

She ran her hands through his soft, recently-cut hair and cried out in pain as he softly bit her nipple. Looking up at her face to take in her surprised look, he smiled devilishly before diving back down to pleasure her other nipple in his mouth. 

Her hands continued down his chest and stomach, pulling up his shirt so she could marvel at his chiseled torso. She moved downward and toyed with the waistband of his shorts, waiting for his permission to proceed. He responded by leaning down and running his hands up her smooth thighs, pulling her skirt up until he reached her waist, then he picked her up off the floor and placed her on the edge of the table, moving in between her spread legs.

She commenced her exploration by running her fingers along his waist, then slipped them inside the elastic band of his boxers. She drew one hand out and pressed it against the length of his shaft, cupping his balls at the base of his penis. With her other hand she quickly unbuttoned his shorts and pulled the zipper down to release his quivering member. She gasped as his full erectness sprang free from his shorts and hit her in the stomach.

She looked up at him, biting her lower lip, silently asking him for instructions. His eyes met hers and he smiled, knowing what she wanted. He cleared the desk with a sweep of his arm and laid her back, allowing her legs to dangle off the side of the table. He knelt down between her legs, inhaling her sweet scent before kissing the insides of her warm thighs.

His mouth closed over the damp spot on her panties, and she sighed as his tongue pressed through the lace against her clit. He brought his hand to her crotch, deftly pulling the thin material to the side. Her glorious pussy appeared before him, and he quickly returned to taste her honey.

His tongue sent shivers throughout her body, and she moaned as her body twisted on the table while he probed and licked. She felt one, then two fingers press into her opening, and as he sucked on her clit she pulled his head into her pussy and cried out in ecstasy as a small climax tore through her. He grinned triumphantly and circled her clit with his tongue, drawing out her pleasure. 

She barely had time to catch her breath from the intense oral orgasm she experienced before he pulled her off the table. He sat down in a chair and motioned for her to kneel before him. She needed no more prompting, quickly dropping to her knees and positioning her torso between his legs, spreading them apart for better access.

He exuded sexuality and masculinity in this position, perched in a chair with his legs spread and cock fully erect. She paused for a moment to indulge herself in the sight. 

She began by lightly kissing his navel and taut abdominal muscles, gradually moving downward towards his shaft. She grabbed his cock with her hand and started to give him a hand job while she explored his balls with her tongue. This was a new experience for him as no woman had ever fondled his balls in this way before. He groaned audibly at the new sensation and shifted in the chair to allow her complete access to his genitals. She licked from the underside of his balls all the way around to the base of his dick, then slowly enveloped each testicle in her delightfully warm mouth. 

The combination of her licking and sucking on his balls and her rhythmic stroking of his cock almost proved too much for him to handle and he moved her hand to squeeze the base of his cock to prevent him from cumming too soon. She understood and slowly stood up, staring intently into his eyes as she did so.

She climbed onto the chair with him and placed her legs outside of his, straddling his naked body. By widening her stance she was able to lower her pussy down just above his throbbing cock. She began to slowly rub the tip of his dick against her clit while passionately kissing his mouth, frantically sliding her tongue over his. 

As their breathing increased in tempo, he began to buck his hips slightly in hopes of making more contact with her beckoning pussy.

Sensing he was ready, she quickly reached down and placed his dick at the entrance of her moist slit, her panties still pulled to the side, then rotated her hips forward to allow penetration. She leaned back slightly so she could enjoy the blissful, shocked look on his face when she slipped his cock inside her. Their eyes locked briefly as they both held their breath in deep satisfaction.

As soon as his cock was buried to the hilt and she felt his balls press against her ass, she began to fuck him harder. She held onto the back of the chair for leverage as he grabbed one of her ass cheeks in each hand to help her bounce up and down on top of him.

Their frenzied tempo continued amidst ass slapping, primal groans, and wet, tongue-laden kisses. The months of pent-up sexual attraction and frustration were being released, finally. As she bounced up and down on his lap she announced with a ragged breath that she was close to climaxing. He seized the opportunity and scooped her up with one fluid motion and stepped toward the wall, roughly pinning her against it, all without stopping his thrusting into her.

She gasped in delight and gripped hard the back of his hair, holding on for balance. With her legs wrapped around his back, this new angle allowed him to thrust even deeper into her pussy and he knew it wouldn't take long for both of them to climax He savored every bounce of her tits as he nailed her against the wall and hungrily sucked on her neck as she moaned in pleasure. 

Soon he felt his balls churning and, perfectly timed, she began to moan his name loudly as she entered her own orgasm. Hearing his name leave her lips in her current state was too much for him; he grunted loudly and bucked as they both finished together in unison.

She wrapped her arms around his neck for support after coming down from their shared orgasm. He slowly lowered her to the floor and felt his cock slide out of her incredibly wet pussy. Without saying a word she leaned down and took his sensitive cock in her mouth, gently cleaning their combined juices from his shaft. Then, she quickly buttoned her shirt, smoothed her skirt, and smiled demurely at him as she gathered her bag and walked out of the room.

Speechless, he stared after her swishing ass as she left.