 I watched her climb the steps from the pool, the water sheeting off her breasts. I had met her this morning at the Circle Z, a bar just south of town, down towards Nogales where the morning drinkers gathered for comfort. Now here she was, stepping naked from my pool. She was a wet dream come true. She was petite with tiny tits and nipples. She wore her hair in a short bob cut that framed her inscrutable eyes. She had hips that were small and her ass was tight. Best of all she had a full bush; dark curly hair that didn't do a good job of hiding her long dangling pussy lips. I hadn't seen them earlier when she disrobed and jumped into the pool, but now I couldn't tear my eyes away. I wanted her. I wanted her pussy. I wanted to taste it. I wanted to chase my breakfast tequila with her juices and she kept coming closer, wet footprints following close behind.

"Damn, Clarissa," I said, "you're going to make me cum just looking at you!"

"Don't do that Nico."

"Do what, babe?"

"Don't call me Clarissa, damnit, today's my day. This is supposed to be my fantasy. I told you before we started that I want to be Lacy and, I want this to be a one time deal - I want some strange stuff; maybe a little rough too? Come on, I've always done the things you've wanted. The schoolgirl, the nurse outfit, even the clown suit and, you gotta admit Nico; that clown suit thing was pretty weird."

I could tell she was angry and, she was right. I had just slipped out of character watching her walk towards me.

"I'm sorry, babe, you're right. But, damn I want to eat you out so bad. I did OK picking you up at the bar though, didn't I?"

"Well, not totally. I mean, nobody has etchings any more do they? What the fuck is an etching, anyway? I'm gonna get back in the pool and we can try this part again, OK?"

"OK."

She hurried back to the pool and jumped in. I sat back down on my lounge and watched her. I watched her climb the steps from the pool, the water sheeting off her breasts. I had met her this morning at the Circle Z, a bar just south of town, down towards Nogales where the morning drinkers gathered for comfort. Now here she was, stepping naked from my pool. She was a wet dream come true. She was petite with tiny tits and nipples. She wore her hair in a short bob cut that framed her inscrutable eyes. She had hips that were small and her ass was tight. Best of all she had a full bush; dark curly hair that didn't do a good job of hiding her long dangling pussy lips. She kept coming closer, her eyes on my erection and her wet footprints following close behind.

She knew what I wanted. She turned around, bent at the waist and backed towards me; teasing me with her swollen pussy and pink anus. Finally I reached out and grabbed her hips, I pulled her roughly towards me. I buried my face between her butt cheeks and pushed my tongue against her sex before licking up to her ass hole and pushing my tongue in there as well. Turning my attention back to the meat curtains that dangled between her legs I took one of them between my lips and ran my tongue along the edge. I lapped her juices, savored the flavor. Her labia though, soon lost my interest, and I focused, once again on her anus.

"Do you like that, Lacy? Huh?" I inserted two fingers into her pussy and began moving them in and out. She moaned and I increased the tempo. Clarissa began moving to meet me and I could tell she was close, she was about to cum, so I stopped what I was doing and pushed her down on the chaise. Her face and shoulders on the lounge and her ass in the air. I stood up, straddled the lounge, and positioned the head of my dick against her pink button. I knew that Clarissa loved anal but I wasn't sure about Lacy. I pushed a little harder and felt her moving back on my boner. I grabbed the bottle of tanning oil and squeezed it, oiling us both up. She pushed a little harder and suddenly I was in. All I needed was a little friction and I would fill her. I reached my hand around and rubbed her clit. I had watched Clarissa masturbate enough that I knew how she liked it. 

I was pumping in and out, thrusting, gulping air, and she was moving with me. My balls were pulling in tight and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I sensed that she was close too. I could tell by the way she was panting. I grabbed the hair on the back of her head and pulled sharply. She gasped and clenched her ass cheeks, she sobbed softly as she came and I pushed in as deeply as I could. My body tensed and the cum flowed from me to her. It filled her and we both quivered and shook for an eternity by the side of the pool. I pulled out, but held her down as I watched my cum flow back from her, falling to the cushions on the lounge, where it pooled and darkened the pastel hue of the coverlet. 

I was growing hard again. I found her small firm titties with my hands and grabbed on. I helped her turn onto her back before I roughly pushed my cock between her lips and deep down her throat until she gagged then I backed off and leaned down, once again burying my head between her legs.

Although my mother had taught me better than to speak with my mouth full, I started talking to her, "after I cum in your mouth, Lucy. After you cum in mine I'm going to fuck you. I want to ravage your cunt."

"Mmmmm," was all she said as she popped my dick from her mouth and inhaled one of my balls, then the other. Lacy / Clarissa was stroking my cock and sucking my balls hard enough to hurt when I began to spurt the second time, I glazed her beautiful tits and belly with my seed.