 "Oh my God!" I yelled in anger as I shoved open the door to my Colorado vacation cabin. Beer cans went rattling over the hardwood floor that was stained with vomit. The place smelled like pee and the whole lodge was an upturned wreck. I already had my phone out and calling Max, my husband, to let him know I had arrived at the lodge. He was in Spain at the moment, so it was no surprise that he didn't answer.

I waited for his voicemail to beep before starting my message. "Hey, I'm at the lodge and the place is trashed just like the neighbor said. I'm looking at everything... doesn't look like they figured out about the recording studio. Call me back."

I hung up and breathed a sigh of relief. Everything upstairs could be replaced, but it had taken us years to acquire all the sound equipment Max had stored in the recording studio he'd had specially made when we built the vacation home. In the event of a break-in, we positioned a carpet over the floor entrance and a couch on top of that. The hoodlums probably couldn't have gotten in with all the key locks standing between them and opening it anyway.

I sighed, scanning the contacts in my phone for who might have the quickest solution to this problem as I walked across the front deck of the the lodge. Snow covered the front yard all the way down to the road. My hair was done up in a ponytail and I wore a pink sleeveless vest over my long-sleeved black sweater. I had spandex pants over thermal leggings, and my hiking boots on my feet.

I'd hoped to take a trip to the lodge in two weeks--before the Christmas madness could fully consume New York--and isolate myself to the warmth of the cabin while I got a solid run my latest novel. Glancing at the mess in the lodge, perhaps gaining a solid form of personal security was in order as well.

"Hey there!" I heard someone say. That's when I met Calvin Chandler for the first time. We had spoken over the phone once when he called to let me know that someone had broken in. Calvin was a tall twenty-three year old man with a full beard and mustache. He wore a flannel black and red checkered shirt with the sleeves rolled up over his long-sleeved white long-johns. When I saw him, he was carrying an axe on one shoulder, literally looking like a lumberjack with a beanie on his head and everything. He grinned as he approached the steps. "Calvin Chandler. You must be the infamous Cindy Johnson."

"No, just regular old Cindy." I blushed before reality came back. "I'd invite you in for some coffee, but I have a feeling that won't be easy."

"Yeah, they were in here for about two nights. I was in Denver to see my friend in Boulder, came back the second day and saw four trucks in the driveway. I was pretty sure they weren't yours or your husband's. Sheriff cleared them out but the damage was done. Good thing you weren't home."

"Yeah." I shivered at a few instances of what might have happened if I had been home, none of them appealing.

He glanced over his shoulder at the road beyond my front yard. "Let me get the wood inside and I'll help you clean up."

"No, you," I shook my head, "really don't have to. I'll take care of it."

"Na, wouldn't be right to make you clean all that trash out on your own." He called over his shoulder as he returned to the pine trees from whence he came where his house was nestled amidst the pines down the road.

I opened the trunk of my Audi and put on my purple rubber cleaning gloves. I unrolled about five trash bags and got to work. Twenty minutes later, Calvin knocked on the front door.

"Oh, seriously, I'm fine. I'll take care of it." I said as I walked to the front door.

"Two hands work faster than one." He said, looking at the wreck the guys had wrought throughout my vacation lodge. It was much worse than I had expected over the phone.

I wiped my face with my sleeve as strands of my black hair had come loose from my ponytail. "Sure, I guess." He stepped inside and grabbed a trash bag. "I'm shocked at how much beer they drank."

"I'm not. It sounded like they had people coming and going all night. They were running some pretty crazy stuff in here over the weekend."

"I haven't even looked in the bedroom yet." I heaved a frustrated sigh at the sight of the bedroom door that was closed because there was too much junk in the way to get to it. Most of it was trash the kids had brought with them, but here and there was my and Max's destroyed pictures and books mixed with their pizza cartons and beer bottles and cans. It was hard to believe this much destruction could be caused in two days, but they'd been on a mission apparently.

We cleaned up the coffee grounds and beer cans, and then took out all the rugs that had been stained with pee and vomit. I opened the windows to let the place air out and the smell started to become tolerable. Calvin peeked into the fridge and withdrew two tall Coors beers that were tethered by empty plastic rings. He peeled the beer rims from the rings and handed one to me before cracking his.

"Cheers." He said and tipped the beer from the side of his head.

I opened mine and took a sip. I'd never liked Coors, but who's going to complain about a free beer; maybe the only kind thing the guys who trashed the place could have done. I set it down and opened the door to the bedroom now that it was clear of debris. Other than changing the sheets, which I'd have done whether they'd vomited on them or not--which they did--the bedroom had been left alone for the most part. They'd stolen all our winter clothes, but we didn't keep much else in the vacation home.

"Think I got it from here." I said to Calvin, who had just finished sweeping up some broken glass from in the back corner of the kitchen. 

"Yeah, I think it's fine."

"I can't thank you enough for your help." I said.

"Don't worry about it." He said and took a deep breath. "I should tell you something that you probably don't want to know."

I stared at him blankly. "What do you mean?" I asked.

"It's about your husband." Calvin said.

"What about him?"

He looked like he was choosing his words carefully. "Let's just say I've seen him around when you're not around and he's usually here with someone else."

"Oh, that's nothing to worry about." I waved him off.

"Really?" He looked taken aback.

"Oh yeah, Max sleeps around all the time. I don't care." I said. "I sleep with other men too."

"Really?" He cocked his head. "I would knock out any man who touched you if you were my wife."

"You'd be in jail pretty quickly because I told Max from the get-go that I was going to sleep with other men. I'm the one who said we needed an open relationship." I said.

"But, how could he go along with it?" He asked, drinking the last of his beer.

"I guess because he cares enough about me to know that I have needs." I shrugged and took another sip of the awful-tasting beer.

"What kind of needs are we talking about?" He asked.

"You're pretty young. You might not understand. For starters, Max isn't quite five inches. I just need a little more." I said. "Besides, when I travel from city to city for book signings, I always meet guys I can't resist."

"Hmm." He said. "Well, how about now? Do you feel like your needs might need to be met?" He asked jokingly.

"I dunno." I smiled, looking at him in a different light. He was younger, but I didn't mind. I was hit with a burst of desire during the drive from Denver, going down the mountains. I couldn't explain why. "Do you like Asian women?"

"I like you." He said, his face turning slightly redder.

I took a step forward, keeping my eyes on his as I put my hand on his pants. He wasn't erect yet. I unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned the top button on his jeans. He wore long-johns over his underwear. His thighs were whiter than his forearms. His cock--half erect and growing--was easily seven and a half inches long. He was heavy and fat. His balls shrank and pulled up from the sudden cold air.

Putting my face into his shaft, I sucked his testicles and ran my tongue over the the veins and valleys in his shaft. He was so huge and pulsing as Calvin took a shuddering breath, feeling the sudden warmth as the tip of his cock met the roof of my mouth. I closed my lips, pulling, sucking as I heard him pop his knuckles at his sides.

I slid down, feeling him in the back of my throat as I rocked my head up and down. I looked up and met his hazel eyes. I gave him a look of gushing ecstasy as my eyes darted back and forth. I opened my lips to release the pressure and pulled air around the saliva and pre-cum that oiled from the tip of his penis.

"Oh...." Calvin leaned back on the countertop, putting the heels of his palms on the ledge as I went as far as I could. There was still an inch left as his brown pubic hairs tickled my face. Saliva dripped down my chin and down his cock. I stroked his balls with my other hand, my index finger rubbing the back gently. He took a deep breath again as I pulled back and felt him spring from my lips.

Calvin grabbed my arm and helped me up. I felt him press me against the counter over the sink and fumble maddeningly for the button that was pulled tight on my skinny jeans. I moaned, feeling the bristle of his beard as he kissed my neck. Relief as he finally undid the button and unzipped my jeans. He pulled my pants and panties down and slipped inside. Young guys, I smiled to myself as he thrust inside me with my jeans and panties at my knees: always straight to the point. He groped my breast through my jacket as he roughly bit my neck, but not too rough.

His breathing went rapid as I bent low over the sink so he could get a better angle inside. Calvin gripped my hips and pushed deep. I shook off my right tennis shoe and took a second to pull my jeans from one leg so I could stand properly. "OH GOD YES!" I gripped the edge of the counter as I stared at the coffee maker in front of me while Calvin had full access. He pumped into me his length, my vagina tightening around the fat girth of him as his hips connected with my ass cheeks in that satisfying slap.

"What would your husband say," he panted, "if he walked in right now?" Calvin asked.

"Maybe," I said over his gratifying repeated plunge, "maybe, he would--oh yeah, harder, don't be shy--probably get his camera ready." I pulled up my shirt as his strong fingers met my breast.

"Oh, he's one of those guys, huh?" Calvin moved faster in the passion of the thought. "Likes to watch bigger, stronger guys make his wife cum all over their cocks?"

"He'd start stroking with the camera rolling, being the cameraman in our little porn fantasy." I sighed, lifting my ass for him as he caressed my hips. I came just at the thought of Max really walking in and seeing me all over the countertop with the neighbor pumping into me after coming over to help me clean.

"I'd give anything to see his face." Calvin shook his head, licking his lips.

"Cum for me, baby. Cum all over my ass." I said as Calvin quickened his pace for the final stretch. He was huge and I was tight. Both our itches were passing side by side, helping one another, kissing, rubbing, soothing. "Oh, cum for me honey!"

I felt him pull out and liquid warmth dripped from my butt as Calvin gasped. He geysered all over my ass and thighs, spraying my tan thong underwear with a shot that never completely went away. I dropped my head as he massaged and fingered me. He curled his middle finger down as I rode a little. It was quick and yet precise. I came and he grinned as I sighed with relief as my own juices ran down my leg. Most men don't help me with my last round, but he must have been educated better than most. Gathering my composure, I pulled on my pants that were wet with Calvin's cum. 

"Wow, I really didn't expect--

"Don't worry about it." I smiled and kissed him on the lips. "Do you want to move to the bedroom?" I asked.

"Can't." He said. "I have to leave to pick up my wife from the airport in about ten minutes."

"Really?" I asked, suddenly feeling ashamed. He didn't tell me he was married, but I'd only talked to him on the phone once and he was so young so I didn't expect him to actually be married. I guess I should have asked first, but he didn't have his ring on so I just assumed. "You should have told me."

"Like I said, I didn't expect to actually do it." He said, buttoning his pants and sliding his belt back together.

"Does your wife know you just fucked a married woman?" I asked, cynical. "Are you going to tell her?"

"I--I didn't mean--

"You're an idiot." I said. "Thanks for the help, but mind your own business from now on." I said as Calvin clunked out through the front door of my house. I closed the front door behind him and crossed my arms, feeling dirty before I decided to take a shower to wash the guy's stink off me. I love men but they can sometimes be intolerable.

I felt better after the shower and decided not to let it get under my skin because it wasn't my responsibility to keep Calvin on the straight and narrow. No one on my end got hurt due to my actions, only Calvin's wife. As far as karma goes, the ball was all in his court although I don't know if that would actually hold up mathematically with the universe. My feelings were complete and solidified when I realized that if he would so readily cheat with me, he was likely to have done it at the next opportunity.

None of my business.

I started a fire and warmed up some hot cocoa as I sat at my writing desk. Snow began to fall all around the cabin through the three windows viewing outside as my comfort and peace of mind returned. What to write about.... Fantasy? Science fiction? How about a short erotic story from personal experience, maybe something recent to keep the memory fresh in my mind.

Yours truly,

-- Cindy J.