 I woke up early Sunday morning. Rick was still holding me in his arms. I moved my hand across his muscular chest, massaging him lightly with my fingertips. He was snoring lightly. I looked at Rick, thinking I wanted to develop a relationship with him but I was skeptical. If things didn’t work out between us, how would it affect my working relationship with his father? I didn’t want to destroy what I’d worked so hard to attain. I didn’t want to hurt Rick’s father, George either. I thought too much of him to ever do that. I should try not to put my personal interests ahead of my business interest. It would be hard for me but it would be best. I wished Rick wasn’t Ferris’s son.

I slipped out of Rick’s arms, found my panties and headed downstairs to put on some fresh coffee. I lit up a cigarette as soon as I got the coffee on. Rick had woken up and was coming down the stairs. He’d slipped his briefs on. I felt my body reacting to the sight of him. Rick came up to me and put his arms around me crushing my breasts against his bare chest. We kissed softly but passionately. I felt myself waning towards wanting a relationship with him. I was trying to fight it off though, knowing better. Rick and I sipped coffee at the dining room table. 

“I probably should be getting back to the house so I can get my stuff together.” Rick stated. “I need to get back up to the ranch.”

I didn’t want him to leave. I wanted to spend more time with him. I was disappointed that he had to leave. Maybe he wanted to leave. I couldn’t keep from frowning. I held my coffee cup in front of my lips to hide it.

“I guess we should get dressed so I can drive you back.” I said, reluctantly. 

I smoked another cigarette while we finished our coffee. I looked away from him towards the wall. Neither one of us said anything. I was trying to get over the fact that Rick wanted to leave. I knew he had to get back to work but I wanted him to be with me. My disappointment was growing. I tried my best to hide it.

Rick and I walked back up the steps to the balcony bedroom. I picked up my dress and hung it on a hanger in the closet. I took a deep breath, closing the sliding closet door. Rick walked up behind me. He was still just in his briefs. He put his hands on my waist. I loved it when he touched me. It felt so different with Rick.

“What time do you have to be at work tomorrow?” He asked in a soft voice.

“8:00.……..I have to be at your father’s at 8:00.” I replied, almost in a whisper.

“That just gives us twenty-four hours to make love.” Rick whispered in my ear. 

His remark brought a big smile to my face. I turned around and kissed him hard, grinding my lips into his. I wanted him more than anything. I put my hands on his hips, finding the waistband of his tight briefs. I pushed them down, my hands brushing hard across his tight butt. Rick stepped out of them, not breaking our kiss. I felt his hard cock poking my tummy. We walked towards the bed, our lips still locked together. This time I pushed Rick down on the bed, no easy task with his strong legs.

I climbed on top of him, pinning his arms over his head. I leaned down, kissing Rick, forcing my tongue into his mouth. I flicked my tongue at his, making him stab at mine. I sucked his tongue into my mouth, holding it with my lips. I started massaging his chest and kissing his nipples, grating them with my teeth. Rick’s arms were still over his head. I kissed all the way down his chest to his tummy. I licked his tummy, tasting him. I tried to put my hand around his long, thick cock. I held it at its base. I kissed the crown of his cock and licked all over it. I could hear Rick moaning softly, his legs tensing. I pulled his legs apart so I could rub his balls with my other hand. 

I slid as much of his cock into my waiting mouth as I could. Rick jerked when I started vibrating my tongue around his hard shaft. I stopped long enough to take a breath and then forced his cock back into my mouth. I licked all over it, my tongue swirling back and forth. I worked his cock with my mouth as I slowly stroked him. I massaged his hard balls gently. Rick was reacting to me sucking him off. I wanted to make him cum in my mouth. I worked my mouth faster up and down his rigid shaft. My hand still stroking him slowly. His legs stiffened and he lifted his butt up off the bed. I sucked on him that much harder. He grabbed my waist and squeezed just as he shot off his first load. I gulped it down preparing for the next hot load to flood my mouth. He held my waist tight as he bucked his cock into my mouth. His second load shot deep into my throat, almost choking me. I kept my lips locked on tight till he settled back down on the bed. I felt his body relax. I licked his still hard cock clean, not letting a drop of his cum escape my mouth. My hand was still stroking his cock. I finally lay back next to Rick’s spent body. He put his arm around my shoulders pulling me close. We shared a passionate kiss and caught our breaths.

We lay there for more than thirty minutes, just holding each other tight. I felt so different with Rick. I’d never felt this way with anyone else. If it was love then I hoped he shared my feelings. If it was just lust, then I’d know sooner or later. We made love later in the morning and then again in the late afternoon. We couldn’t seem to get enough sex with each other. We fucked in every position, making it last as long as it could. My pussy was sore, not used to an almost continuous workout. Rick’s cock had to be sore. We went to bed shortly after dinner; trying to catch up on some much needed rest.

We woke up early Monday morning. I grabbed a shower while Rick fixed the morning coffee. My pussy was still sore but I was happy. Rick and I drank coffee at the dining room table. I smoked a few cigarettes, one after the other. We drove to Fountain Hills. Rick talked about getting up to the ranch at Prescott. I didn’t want to see him go but we both had to work. I didn’t know when I’d get to see him again.

I pulled into the driveway at Ferris’s home. Scott started approaching my car till he saw Rick was with me. He stayed at the front door of the house. I grabbed my attaché and my purse. Rick came around to the front of the car. I think he wanted to kiss me but he wouldn’t with Scott watching us. He held my hand and we just stared into each other’s eyes.

“I’ll call you every chance I get.” Rick said. “I miss you already.”

His words brought tears to my eyes; I had to fight them back. I wanted to kiss him so bad but I knew it would embarrass him. I felt Scott would understand if I did. I restrained myself. Rick and I entered the house. He walked up the stairs to get his things gathered for his trip. I stood there till he was out of sight. I could see George sitting at his usual place at the patio table. He waved when he saw me. I grabbed a fresh cup of coffee and joined him at the table. We talked about Saturday evening’s party. I told him again that I’d had a great time. Michael and Janine came out to the table and joined us.

“Rick’s running late this morning.” Janine remarked. “He must have overslept!” 

I didn’t say anything or even look her way. Ferris and I walked down to the office and started to work. We watched the stock market for awhile before making some decisions on our investments. Charlene came in and brought us some more coffee. I was smoking and drinking coffee like I had just minutes to live. I had to keep fighting off thoughts of Rick. 

George mentioned he had a meeting to attend at the country club at noon. I figured I’d work on some other investment interests while he was gone. We worked steadily through the entire morning. I wasn’t really hungry so I stayed in my office. Charlene came in and sat down to see how I was doing. She was dressed very professionally although a little bit too conservative.

“I hope you know Mr. Ferris won’t be back till later this evening.” Charlene remarked.

“I thought he just had a meeting at the country club.” I replied.

“Well…………he calls them meetings.” She spoke, hesitating. “I call them something else.”

I looked at her, curious about her remark. Charlene explained that George was having an affair with someone who probably worked at the country club. They usually left in separate cars and went to a hotel in Scottsdale where they’d spend the afternoon together. Charlene figured whoever it was, was married but she didn‘t know who it was. She seemed to have their routine figured out. I knew she wasn’t telling me everything. George preferred married women. He didn’t trust any single women his age. I could see Charlene was upset about his “meetings“.

“What about you?” I asked her cautiously. “I saw you and George in the office the other day.”

Charlene played with the hem of her skirt nervously, explaining that it was just a “perk” for her. She and George would spend an afternoon together every couple of weeks. Her husband hadn’t paid any attention to her for the past few years, so George was taking care of her sexual needs. She mentioned he was quite a good lover. I hadn’t thought of George that way.  The attorneys stopped by the office sometime around 3:00 with the papers Ferris was so anxious to get. They didn’t seem too surprised to find him gone for the day. The rest of the day went by pretty uneventful. I ran the reports for Ferris and put them in my attaché. I was getting ready to leave for the day. Charlene was locking her desk up when my cell phone rang. It was Rick. I wanted to talk with him but not in front of Charlene. I told him I’d call him back in a few minutes. Charlene locked up the office and walked up towards the house. We chatted a little. I felt we were going to be good friends.

I phoned Rick back as soon as I got into my car. We talked about how our day had gone. Rick said he had a lot of work to catch up on but he’d try to come down Wednesday evening if I wanted him too. I didn’t know if I could wait that long but I didn’t have much choice. I asked him if his dick was sore. He said it was. We laughed about it over the phone.

The next morning Ferris and I checked on our stock purchases. They were up in price; George seemed well pleased at our selections. We surfed the internet for real estate investments that looked attractive. Charlene was late getting to the office. George kept trying her cell phone number but he wasn’t getting any response. Charlene finally got to the office just before 10:00. She didn’t look too happy. Later in the afternoon, I heard the two of them arguing in George’s office. George left shortly after that, going up to the house. I left the office with Charlene a little after 5:00. She didn’t say much as we walked towards our cars. 

Wednesday morning finally arrived. My first thoughts were of meeting Rick that evening. I hurried through my shower and got dressed. I didn’t bother with coffee figuring I’d wait till I got up to Ferris’s home. I pulled in the driveway expecting to see Scott. He didn’t come out from the house. It really seemed odd that he wasn’t there. I went to the front door but it was locked. I walked around to the patio expecting to see George sitting at the table. He wasn’t there. The cook spotted me through the window and came out on the patio. She informed me Scott had driven George down to Tucson for a meeting. George had left her orders to let me know he wouldn’t be back until earlier that evening. I grabbed a cup of coffee and headed down the path to the office. I had plenty to do. I really didn’t need Ferris looking over my shoulder. 

Charlene was sitting at her desk putting her things away. She seemed in a much better mood this morning. I went into my office and booted up the three computers and turned on the television to catch the latest morning news. Charlene came in and sat down. 

“You alright?” I asked her.

“Yeah………….I’m alright this morning.” She said.

I could tell she didn’t really mean it. We chatted for awhile before Charlene went back to her desk. I checked in on the NYSE to see how things looked. Our stocks were still climbing, slowly but steadily. I checked out some properties I’d bookmarked on the internet and read more about them in detail. The morning went by pretty quick. It was almost lunchtime. I thought I’d see if Charlotte wanted to go out and get something to eat with me. My cell phone rang. It was Rick and from the tone of his voice, I could tell he wasn’t happy. One of the foals was having some problems. The veterinarian had given him medication to administer every three hours. Rick wasn’t going to be able to come down to Scottsdale this evening like we’d planned. He was as unhappy about it as I was. We both needed to be together but it just wasn’t possible. We made tentative plans for the coming weekend. I told him I’d drive up to Prescott if he wanted me too.

I lost my appetite for lunch so I figured I’d just work. Charlene stood in the doorway to my office.

“Hey, you want to go get something to eat?” She asked. “It’s almost noon.”

At first I was going to say no but I got notion Charlene wanted some company. We went down towards Scottsdale and stopped at an Italian restaurant. They were fairly busy but we got seated right away. Charlene wanted to talk so I listened. She told me she and George had argued about his “meetings”. She told him that she wasn’t going to see him socially anymore; their personal relationship was over. She actually seemed relieved that she’d ended it.

“Well, what are you going to do now………………for sex.” I asked her.

“I don’t know.” Charlene replied. “I’ve thought about trying to find someone online over the internet.”

She laughed. “Maybe I’ll just switch to batteries and forget men altogether! Hell, maybe I’ll switch to women!”

I laughed with her at her remarks. I didn’t think she was serious but I couldn’t really tell. Although she was smiling, I could tell she was a little pent up sexually. We ordered a glass of wine to go with our dinner. I think it helped us both relax. We drove back to the office after lunch. Charlene brought up the subject of online chatrooms. I asked her if she’d ever been involved in one. She tried denying it but it was obvious she was lieing. I suggested she be careful if she did meet someone online. There were probably a lot of weirdoes on the internet. We laughed at the prospects she’d probably run into. 

We got back to the office a little after 1:00. I checked on the stock market to see how things were going. I was still disappointed about not being able to see Rick this evening. I needed sex as bad as Charlene. I got a really weird thought that made me laugh out loud. Charlene heard me and came back to my office.

“What’s so funny?” She said, smiling. “What am I missing out on?”

I stopped laughing and looked at her standing at the door. I hesitated to say anything but I was feeling a little devilish. She was attractive. I hoped I looked that good when I was in my mid-forties.

“Oh……………You feeling horny?” I asked, almost laughing.

Charlene laughed at my question. 

“What do you think?” She replied, smiling. “I’m horny damn near all the time anymore.”

“Take off your clothes for me.” I ordered, trying to keep a straight face.

“What………..what did you say?” She replied, surprised.

“You heard me.” I repeated. “Take off you clothes. Let me see that body of yours.”

Charlene stepped back a step or two as I got up from my chair. I walked towards her slowly, teasing her. I put my hands on my hips trying to act authoritive. Charlene hesitated for a minute before putting her hands up the zipper on the back of her dress. She was shaking. I couldn’t believe she was falling for my little trick. She was having difficulty with the zipper. I told her to turn around. She obeyed my command. I pulled the zipper all the way down to below her waist. Charlene didn’t move. I put my hands on her shoulders and slipped the dress down her arms. I held onto it as it slipped down her legs. Charlene managed to step out of it, holding onto the doorframe to steady herself. 

I was surprised at how great a body she really had under those conservative clothes she usually wore. She was wearing thigh-nylons instead of pantyhose. Her white bra and bikini cut panties highlighted her tanned skin. The high-heel shoes made her leg calf muscles taut. She was damn good looking. I couldn’t see her ever having trouble finding a guy to fuck her brains out. Ferris was a fool if he was letting her get away.

“Let’s go into Ferris’s office.” I ordered her.

Charlene walked towards Ferris’s office and opened the door. I followed her in and closed the door. Charlene looked over her shoulder at me. I pointed towards George’s desk. She walked towards it and stood in front of it, facing the windows looking out over the golf course.

“Michelle……………what are you going to make me do?” She asked, her voice shaking.

I didn’t answer since I didn’t know what I was going to do. She started to turn around but I told her to face towards the windows and put her hands on the desk. I had her under my control. I was getting hot just thinking about what I could do to her or should I say, for her. I slipped off my blouse and skirt, tossing them in one of the chairs. I noticed Charlene glancing at the chair. I pushed my body up against hers, pressing the front of her legs into the desk I put my hands on her shoulders and slid them her arms. I kissed her on the back of the neck. Her body trembled in my hands. I knew I’d pushed this joke way too far to just stop. I had to go all the way with her. I reached around and cupped breasts in my hands. She had on a lace trimmed bra. From what I could see, Charlene had beautiful breast. From what I could feel, they were also quite firm. I massaged her breasts gently not wanting to scare her. Charlene was moaning, her body trembling as I fondled her. 

I noticed her bra had the clasp on the front so I unhooked it and held it together with my hands. I slowly pulled the cups apart; her breasts didn’t sag at all. Charlene had her eyes closed. I slipped the bra off and tossed it on a chair. I kept pressing into her. I could feel the heat radiating off her body. I put my hands gently up under her breasts and pulled her back into me. I kissed her ears and back down to her neck. Charlene’s body was tense. I moved my hands rubbing her breasts gently, massaging their firmness. I noticed her dark brown nipples growing erect even before I tweaked them between my fingers. I twisted them gently. Charlene’s body shook as she had a small orgasm. I held her firmly against me, my bra pushing into her back.

“Ohhhhhhhh………Michelle…………ohhhhhhh” She moaned.

I let her regain control of herself. Charlene put her hands over mine, forcing me to massage her breasts harder. I was afraid to work her breasts too hard so I pushed her hands away. Charlene leaned her hand back, turning her face towards mine. I strained to kiss her on the lips. She had to almost twist around but I wouldn’t let her. I kissed her on the lips again before releasing her firm breasts. I didn’t think anyone on the golf course could see us and I didn’t really care. I stepped back from Charlene, running my hands slowly down over her sides. I rubbed the cheeks of her butt hard. She was loving it! I slipped one hand down over the front of her panties towards her pussy. I held her waist firmly with my other hand. Charlene was pushing her body back against me. I slipped my hand down over her pussy, rubbing gently in little circular motions. 

“Ohhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmm” She gasped.

I felt her panties getting wet. I slipped my hand down inside her panties and brushed across her sparse pubic hair. Charlene’s mouth gaped open as my fingers slipped down to her pussy. I thought she was going to cry out. Her pussy was soaking wet. I fingered her pussy stopping just before she had another orgasm. She was so fucking hot, it was incredible!
