 They arrived at Reims airport just before twelve and Nicole was waiting for them. Bunty introduced Paul to Nicole, and Val hugged her as they had already met. Nicole was a beautiful woman who had a very confident way with her. She was driving a beautiful Mercedes Estate which comfortably took all their luggage. Nicole suggested that they now go for lunch at a restaurant close to the villa and they would stay in the villa tonight as she had some wines that she wanted them to taste and drive south tomorrow morning. 

Paul was impressed with Nicole and the car. Nicole was a good driver, and the car was a powerful car which drove beautifully. Nicole and Bunty were talking non stop about wines; it was apparent that Nicole's heart was in her work. Nicole had also arranged a full itinerary for the next week seeing a minimum of two potential suppliers every day, and on some days there were four visits arranged. 

They arrived at the villa, which was beautifully decorated, Val and Paul took the master bedroom, and Bunty disappeared with Nicole somewhere. They then had a wonderful lunch in the nearby restaurant. The owner was the Chef, and his food was excellent and reasonably priced. His father owned several vineyards and produced his own Champagne which was excellent. Nicole had arranged to take ninety per cent of his production as the main Champagne Houses used Serge's restaurant and they wanted their Champagne served. 

After lunch, they had their tasting, and they saw what Nicole had done. She was buying the wines up to forty per cent cheaper, and the wines she was now buying were up to fifty per cent better in quality. Bunty was impressed with all the wines she had tasted. After the tasting, Nicole took Bunty and Val to a new boutique which had recently opened up. Paul then replied to the six interview invitations that he had received and explained that at the moment he was in France on holiday and in two weeks his book would be published and he had commitments to his publisher and would be involved with this for at least a month as he also had responsibilities in America where he would be for one week. He promised to contact them when he was free. 

He felt very comfortable in the villa; it was so quiet with no traffic noise, the garden was beautiful. He could easily spend time here. The last days he had been busy with Val and May. May had stayed every night with them. This morning he had a long session with May, he knew that she would miss him, she had suggested that she would fly over for a few days, but Val had told her that they were travelling a lot and had a very tight schedule. 

Val had told Paul that initially May would introduce Paul to three very wealthy women; two were married to much older men who both had dementia. The other was a widow whose husband had died three years ago, and she came to May for relief twice a week. Val also told him that all three were very nice ladies, but all three had an enormous sex drive. 

Paul was now thinking about the wine company and the difference that Nicole was and would make to it. Bunty was an excellent administrator, and the company ran like clockwork. The Hotels division was just a money making machine. The top management was excellent; it also had Bunty at the top who had overall control. Val had once told Paul that they must now be looking for a replacement for Bunty, but Bunty was still one hundred per cent hands on. 

Paul's phone beeped, he had a message from Val which read, "Darling, what a wonderful boutique this is, I have bought a lot of new outfits. The quality is excellent, and the prices are reasonable. Nicole is wonderful, she has a brain and is so nice with it. I have been flirting with her, we shared a changing room and had a nice kissing and touching session. Nicole likes you and tonight will be exciting for all of us. Nicole has booked a table at Serge's restaurant for this evening. We will be home in an hour, love Val." 

They arrived just over an hour later. The three of them wanted to shower and change for this evening. They all would meet up in the lounge for a glass of Champagne before walking to the restaurant. Paul was sipping a glass of Serge's Champagne when Nicole arrived; she looked stunning. Paul poured her a glass. Nicole said, "We had a wonderful afternoon, Val is so generous, she spent a fortune today. Bunty and I both felt appreciated this afternoon, and that's a wonderful feeling." 

Paul replied, "The wines that we tasted this afternoon were excellent, and that's down to yourself and Bunty, we both appreciate that. I am looking forward to going south with you and visiting the Wine Houses that you have organised for us." 

Nicole answered, "It will be good. Your old suppliers were not doing you any favours; they were resting on their laurels and doing nothing to improve the quality of their wines. Bunty was telling me that you have just graduated as a lawyer and you are about to publish a book about online trading versus high street trading. I want to read that as I believe an online wine company with the correct products and pricing could do very well. Congratulations on all the things that you have done, you must be very proud of yourself?" 

Paul replied, "I'm happy that it's over, my book came from a thesis that I wrote on the legal implications and effects that online trading is having on high street trading. It's also being published in America, and the advance orders are very high. We should have a chat about us setting up an online wine outlet, that could be interesting as the majority of the wines we buy are sold through our hotels and restaurants, so we have our own marketplace." 

Nicole said, "We should have a serious conversation about this. I have a website, which is a blog about wine. I advise wines that I have tasted. My books and magazine articles get me a lot of publicity; I have over two million subscribers to my blog and newsletters. I have a base from where to start." 

Paul answered, "Nicole, we will do that. We have a sizeable warehouse where we could store the wines in the UK. We should maybe look for a warehouse in France and have a European business as well as the UK business." 

Nicole smiled then said, "Follow me." 

She then led him to what looked like a barn in the gardens of the villa. She unlocked the door, inside there was a lot of space and a reception area. Nicole said, "This villa used to belong to a Champagne producer, and there are over four kilometres of cellars beneath us. We have perfect storage facilities. It won't take much to get this up and running." 

Paul was impressed then said, "Let's do it. Tell me what you need then we can get started. I have a good feeling about this." 

They went back to the villa and Bunty and Val was there. Nicole topped up all their glasses, and Paul noticed the graceful way that she poured the Champagne, each glass was filled to the same level, she did it with a lot of class. Paul then told Val and Bunty what they were thinking of doing with the online wine company. Bunty said, "We sell a lot of wines but mostly to our businesses, we only sell five per cent to independent businesses. This could be a great idea as we have the infrastructure at home to accommodate it and the cellars here can easily be a wonderful storage centre. It's a great idea." 

They then left for Serge's restaurant. It was a very relaxed dinner though Nicole and Bunty were talking a lot about the wines that they would stock. They left the restaurant just after ten and Paul, and Nicole walked together. Nicole took Paul's hand and gently squeezed it. Then the arrived back at the villa. Paul and Nicole went into the lounge and Nicole went to the kitchen for some Champagne. Paul heard Val and Bunty coming into the villa then the sound of them going upstairs. Paul knew then that Nicole was his tonight. 

Nicole came back with a tray with a bottle of Champagne in a wine cooler and two glasses. She then opened the bottle perfectly and poured the two glasses. They then clinked their glasses together, and Paul said, "Nicole, I have a wonderful feeling about our new venture, I will now put in place all the funding we will need to get it up and running. By the time I go back to the UK we should have everything in place." 

They toasted each other than Nicole put her arms around him and pulled him close to her. Their mouths met, and both their tongues were active. Their kisses were tender and affectionate. Both their hands were exploring the other's body. Nicole said, "Let's get comfortable." 

A minute later they were both naked. Nicole's body was amazing, her tits were perfect, her stomach was flat, and her vulva was smooth and swollen. Paul laid her on the carpet then went down on her. She was wet; he teased her hard clit with his tongue. Nicole then moved into a position that they could sixty-nine. As she took his hard cock in her mouth, she said, "That's amazing, take it easy with me at first, I have never had anything as big, and it's a long time since I have had a cock." 

For the next twenty minutes, it was just intense foreplay. Paul was in control. He had slipped a finger inside her ass, and she had loved it. He decided just to work on her tight cunt, it was tight, and she had powerful cunt muscles. She was gripping the fingers he had inside her very tightly. He was sucking her clit as he finger fucked her and twice he had felt the warmth of her cum in his mouth. 

She was now ready for him. He lay on his back and invited Nicole to go on top of him. She then squatted over him, holding the base of his cock she then ran his bulbous tip up and down her wet sex slit. It felt so good. She then centred the crown of his cock in the middle of her sex slit and pushed down on it. With this one movement, his massive cock disappeared inside her hungry cunt. 

She soon had a powerful, up and down circular motion going. Her gripping was excellent, at the base and crown she gripped. Her massive tits were bouncing in every direction. He was rubbing her clit as she rode him. She then went from a cowgirl position into a reverse cowgirl position for several minutes then reverted to the cowgirl position. Nicole said, "Your cock feels so good. It's amazing; I am so happy about it. I am going to try and make us cum at the same time. I have cum a couple of times, but I feel a big one coming." 

She then pounded his cock relentlessly; she was going harder and faster. Up and down she went, and she loved it, and so did Paul. There was a chemistry between them. Paul was close, and she knew it, she was looking at him directly in the eye, encouraging him to cum when they both climaxed simultaneously. It was terrific for both of them. Nicole had a massive orgasm, and Paul squirted hard five times inside her. 

Nicole leaned down on him, and they kissed. She was gripping his cock so tightly that she was holding him inside her. Their kisses were beautiful, full of tenderness and passion. Paul knew then that Nicole was something special and he was so happy that she had come into his life.