 In the Eighties, I was in my twenties and a regional sales manager for some large well-known corporations in the UK. I was just discovering my strong sexuality, and getting plenty of knowledge and experience with my married boss in a passionate, wild affair! I was young, confident, sexy, outrageously flirty and increasingly aware of my ability to attract men, and I liked to maximize that power by dressing professionally but provocatively. These are my memories of some great hook-ups during my many weekly hotel nights and national sales meetings. All true but with some license on the conversation due to it being a long time ago!

---------------------------

We had been across the aisle from each other on our corporate booths at a London venue all day long. We were under the same banner but different products, and there was banter and bullshit between us in between the breaks when delegate traffic was low. 

He had got my attention the moment he arrived, he was tall, really tall and that has always been an immediate attraction for me. I am tall for a woman and there's just something very sexy about being with a man who makes me feel protected and small. I fantasize about being 5'2 and built like Dolly Parton!

It soon became a game between us, I would look, he would look, I'd look away, he'd grin when I looked back! He had flirty eyes and a great smile, and like me, he could have flirted for England at the Olympics, we were well-matched! By noon I was already wet and becoming more turned on by the hour! I was in a tight black business suit, fitted jacket, short pencil skirt, stilettos and my blonde hair pinned up, all very professional except for the unbuttoned cream silk shirt flashing my generous pale breasts. 

After lunch, we graduated into the aisle to chat and the teasing commenced. I knew he had a great view down my shirt and so I made sure to bend over and straighten brochures or retrieve dropped pens. We compared sales successes, challenging each other, toying with each other, both being more brazen with our eye contact by the hour.

Crowds of delegates would filter through, we'd both be busy doing our thing and then we'd look across the aisle and lock eyes for seconds, and my clit would pulse wildly. By the time we were breaking down our booths, we'd agreed on dinner with some other colleagues.

I was almost done and stretching up to reach the top bar of my booth frame on a step ladder, I felt him before I saw him. As I wobbled slightly, firm hands reached out and grasped my hips, and he pulled me down the steps and back against him holding me firmly.

"Let me get that for you," he said quietly, pushing his already hard cock against my butt. His hands slid up encircling my waist sliding across the silk, to graze the underside of my breasts. I let myself lean into him for a moment, I knew he could see down my shirt to my full breasts overflowing out of my pushup bra, and my aching nipples were poking clearly through the thin silk fabric.

Aware of colleagues I drew away and turned, his hands still on my hips just to ensure I didn't fall. A long drawn out blazing hot look passed between us, a 'fuck me' look, I licked my lips, he followed my tongue, I knew he wanted to kiss me.

"Thanks, I'll take the help," I said smiling up at him. 

"No problem, always happy to help a colleague out, particularly the ones with great tits," he replied quietly, grinning at me. I pretended to be outraged, but we both knew right then where we were headed.

We were ready to go, booths packed up and the group discussed where and when we were meeting. It was agreed at a local restaurant in just over an hour. My room was onsite but his was not, as we walked away separating to get ready he followed me. We got in the elevator alone, the doors slid closed and without a word being said he moved, pinning me to the wall, forcing my hands over my head, pressing against me.

I moaned hugely turned on as I felt his cock pressing into me, we hadn't even kissed but we were both breathing hard. We didn't speak, we didn't kiss, we just locked eyes as he threaded his hands in my hair and pulled it free to fall around my shoulders. We were both burning up with pent-up desire but sprang apart as we arrived at my floor and the doors slid open.

Not a word had been said still, but he followed close on my heels down the hallway, and as I reached out to insert the key, he lifted my hair and licked the back of my neck. I shivered all the way down my spine, my back arched, I was so turned on and my panties were wet.

The door opened, we fell into the room and I turned laughing and backing away as he tried to grab me.

"N0! Wait! I have to call my boss and turn in my sales figures," I said laughing and breathing heavily. He scooped me up and dropped me on the bed, placing his hands on either side of my head and grinning down at me.

"If you must I'll let you, but I'm going to play while you call him, okay?" he said in a low voice.

"Ok but you have to let me get through this call," I replied.

"Make it fast or I won't be responsible for my actions" he growled at me, making me laugh!

I sat up, grabbed the phone and punched in my bosses number, looking over my monthly printout as I waited for him to answer. He stood right in front of me, undid his tie and dropped it to the floor and slowly started to unbutton his shirt, I was fighting the urge to giggle as my boss answered.

We were quickly into sales figures but I was rapidly losing my focus, as my new friend slowly lowered his zipper, slid his hand in and stroked himself, watching me with a smile. I bit my lip and my skin flushed, I was so turned on it was becoming increasingly hard to think straight as my boss talked into my ear.

He pulled out his cock, he was very much in proportion and I was suitably impressed. He started stroking it right in my face and I watched it swell with my mouth watering at the desire to lick the head. As I leaned in, my boss still firing numbers at me in my ear, and started to stretch out my tongue, he roughly pushed my shoulders and shoved me back on the bed, my legs hanging over the edge at the knees. He spread my legs with his knee and his hands slid under my tight skirt and pushed it up to my hips.

I was waving my hand at him, trying not to laugh and cupping my other hand over the phone so my boss didn't hear us. I was not wearing a garter belt and stockings, of course, that's always going to be the case when you meet a hot man and have sex with no planning!

There was a loud rip as he grabbed the crotch of my unsexy hose and literally ripped them apart, it was a huge turn on! I couldn't help the choked laugh that came out of me and immediately my boss said: "are you okay?" 

"Yes, I've got the TV on and something outrageous just happened, sorry it caught my attention" I lied as I was playfully trying to kick him away.

His fingers found my clit through my panties, he grinned at me and mouthed "Oh" as he discovered how wet I was! His fingers slid across my swollen slit visible through the black lace of my panties, my back arched, thrusting my breasts up and he reached out and released a couple of buttons and slid his other hand inside. Exposing my bra, he started to tweak my hard nipple as he continued to stroke my slit, grinning at me the whole time.

Breathing was becoming increasingly hard, I rolled my eyes at him and mouthed "Stop" grinning. He winked at me, slid his fingers under my panties, dragged them across my burning clit and his eyes went wide in mock shock as he wiggled his tongue at me.

He slowly lowered himself over me, brought his wet fingers to his mouth and sucked them clean, raising his eyebrows at me. I was shaking my head, trying not to laugh as he dipped his head to my exposed pussy and took a long lick over my throbbing clit. I have no idea, how I didn't moan into my bosses ear, it took a herculean effort of willpower is all I remember.

He pushed my legs wider and locked his lips on my dripping pussy, I made a feeble attempt to push him away but it felt so damn good! I held my daily sales figures for that week in my shaking hand, phone crooked against my shoulder and started to read out numbers to my very chatty boss! Meanwhile, I was getting some of the best tongue action I'd ever experienced, his tongue repeatedly flattening my clit, then circling it slowly, then picking up the rhythm, then slowing back down. As I got to the end of my sales numbers, I lay back, closed my eyes and just gave in to the unbelievable sensations coming from my pussy. I was seriously beginning to wish my boss was not so excited about the great month I was having!

I kept my hand over the receiver to cover the obvious hot sex noises in the background, as he ate my pussy out and I was building towards my orgasm. Maybe it was the fact I was trying to hold a normal phone conversation with my boss. Or maybe it was because I barely knew this man with the amazingly talented tongue between my legs, but I knew I was about to cum spectacularly hard.

As he flicked his tongue repeatedly over my pulsing clit and I watched him stroke his red swollen cock against my leg, my hips were thrusting towards his face and my back was arched as I was on the verge of orgasm. I was panting quietly, uncovering the phone only as needed, to answer my increasingly annoying boss and his never-ending questions.

My hand went into his hair as I started to cum hard into his mouth, my hips bucking. He shot up, yanked my hips to the edge of the bed and in one hard thrust plunged his large and swollen cock into my still climaxing pussy. He groaned as I groaned, I couldn't help myself, we locked eyes and he started to fuck me fast and hard.

That was it, end of the conversation as far as I was concerned! I think my boss was beginning to wonder anyway and might have heard part of the groaning. "Sorry Jim, I have to go or I am going to be late for dinner, can I call you back later?" And before he could even answer I just hung up, prepared to deal with the aftermath later. I had an extremely hot, hard man inside me and I was not wasting another minute!

Finally, our lips locked as I literally threw the phone off the bed, our tongues twisted together over and over as he fucked me hard. His cock felt so good, he was thick, long and very strong. He lifted me off the bed, spun us around and lay back down with me still impaled on top. 

He yanked my blouse out at my waistband as I ran my fingers down his chest, then shockingly ripped the rest of the buttons apart, released my bra and cupped my full DD's as they started to bounce as I rode his cock.

It was wild, we were both heading fast to orgasm! I felt him start to buck and his face contorted, I slid my hands down, found my clit and rubbed it hard. I was overcome by my second rapid orgasm, my head was back, my hair a mess as a yelled out but I didn't care as I rode him through to the finish.

We were finally done and just grinned at each other. "That was fucking hot" he laughed, "eating you while you talked to the boss".

I smacked him on the leg laughing, "I suspect this will long stay in my memory," I said raising my eyebrows.

We showered, went out with the others for dinner, I am pretty sure he took a different woman back to his hotel (it was the 80's!) and we never saw each other again, apart from on company correspondence.

I was right though, 30 years later I still remember it like yesterday!