 A quick story...

"I'll let you fuck my girlfriend for forty bucks," he said to me drunkenly, "Throw in another twenty and you can have her without a condom."

"My wallet's in my pants dude," I said, motioning to where my jeans lay in a heap on the floor.

He walked over to them, took the wallet out of my back pocket, and took out three twenties.

Once I knew he'd put the wallet back, I turned my attention back to his freshly fucked girlfriend lying on the bed. She seemed oblivious to the fact that I was standing over her, so I grabbed her roughly by the ankles and I pulled her to the edge of the bed, her naked pussy in line with my cock.

Lifting her legs over my shoulders, I pushed the head of my nearly ten inch shaft into the soft folds of her warm moist pussy. Her ass rose up to greet me, as I sank those first few inches slowly inside her. I thought that she was extra damp, even if her hole still felt snug around me.

It was a Saturday night like any other and I'd just been looking to get laid since I'd rolled out of my bed in the frat house that morning. I was bored with the usual scene and wanted to get stoned and boned. From the party we'd had the night before hanging around with my own frat brothers was not the way to go. They were all still recovering or, like me, had gone to look for a hook-up for the night.

I'd found my way to a party happening further down Greek row: at one of the many neighboring frats. Boning one of their girls would be the cherry on the top of the sundae, metaphorically speaking of course.

Even so, I'd never thought this frat would whore its women out; never expected this frat daddy to pimp her off on me like this. Now I was going to show him how a real man fucked a woman.

The dude's girl had just given me a fine sucking when I'd walked in on them screwing a few minutes ago. But I hadn't cum yet, and now I was ready for the fucking part.

I began to stroke in and out of her tight pussy, her juices covering my cock. I had to alternate between playing with her tits, and pulling her back down the bed as my ever more powerful thrusting pushed her further away from me on the rough sheets.

And I had to squat just to bring my six foot, three inch frame down far enough to enter her comfortably. Her legs fell from my shoulders and wrapped around my waist, as my cock continued its onslaught of her shaven cunt.

Sometimes in my excitement I pulled back too far and my dick popped out of her. I would have to stop and slowly penetrate her thick lips again with my thicker dick, feeling her flesh wrapped around me again and again.

After a few minutes I leaned over her, my arms resting on either side of her head. I pulled out and she moaned her disappointment, but as I lay down next to her on the bed, I offered her a different option. She straddled me and sat in my lap as she gazed straight into my eyes. My cock was wedged in front of, but not in, her warm pussy. She had my rod trapped, and with it sandwiched there, she began to get herself off on me. She was dry humping me. Rubbing against my shaft, but doing nothing more. She rotated her hips downwards to rub her clit against my rod, gyrating in my lap as I stared into her eyes and felt the hard tips of her erect breasts pushing into my chest. Faster and faster she moved in my lap, and I could hear her panting speed up in urgency. She was whimpering now, her eyes closed and her teeth clenched as she neared her orgasm, and with a deafening scream into my ear she let loose, coating my lap with her orgasmic fluids. She hollered out as she shuddered in my lap, vibrating in my arms as I absently wrapped them around her frame.

After a minute, she relaxed, then leaned forwards and kissed me on the nose.

"I think that's enough teasing for you," she said.

I couldn't agree more.

My boner was now quite painful, my whole body attuned and geared towards getting myself off. Lifting her hips, I redirected my cock and placed it into her folds. Then forcefully, violently, I yanked her down onto me, penetrating her fully in one go. With her heels for leverage we fucked energetically, driving at each other with wild abandon. I was grunting my climax as I came hard. I slammed her hips down onto me one last time and held her there as I erupted; bellowing loud enough that I'm sure the whole frat house could hear us.

Spent, I had just enough energy to lift her up and lay her gently across the bed, my juices oozing slightly out of her pussy. I crawled atop her, face to face, supporting my weight on my elbows instead of crushing her. For a moment, we said nothing, and I closed my eyes as we tenderly kissed. I felt the electric connection between us buzzing in my head, sparks of pleasure bursting from my brain and passing into her by way of our locked lips. I cradled her head in my arms as my hands stroked her head, my fingers combing through her hair.

And then our little quiet platonic moment was broken when I felt her hand on my semi-hard shaft, her fingers delicately tickling it as I felt the blood rush out of my head to ready my body for another go. Without a word, she looked at me sweetly and her hand changed into a pistoning motion as I felt full rigidity return more fully to my rod.

I gently kissed my way down her chest, of course paying special attention to her upturned breasts, nibbling and pecking in a light path down to her hips. She sighed with pleasure and giggled whenever my touch tickled her. My lips brushed in and past her navel, down to her neatly trimmed bush. But at the last moment, when the logical path would have taken me to her now engorged clit, I veered left and continued down her leg.

I found her pussy lips and eased my tongue inside her, diving as far as it would go before running it back out along the roof. My tongue gathered her nectar, pleasuring her at the same time. Meanwhile, I slid my strong hands underneath her soft ass, holding her pussy to my face as I ate her out. At the same time her small hand reached down her body and gently held the back of my head in place, encouraging me to continue. 

Squeezing her ass cheeks, I slid my tongue up her slit to her clitoris, licking over it lightly. I sucked the tiny button into my mouth, holding it between my lips. And I ran my tongue rapidly back and forth over it, a lightening bolt of excitement surging through as her writhing pussy was in my face. 

"Oh, fuck!" she moaned, cumming.

Her hand was holding my head violently against her pussy as she rubbed it in my face. Finally, she calmed down, and she was left lying before me, chest heaving as she gasped for breath. She released my head, and I kissed her pussy one last time before rising. 

She watched me crawl up the bed towards her, rock hard cock waving back and forth. My lips were on hers. My rod rested against her pussy, and she began to grind her crotch upwards as we kissed. 

Our lips were smacking loudly, and she was breathing heavily into my mouth as she rubbed herself harder against my shaft. I could feel just how wet she was, the length of my dick could feel her sopping wet lips as they rubbed against each other. She slid her feet up the bed, opening herself up even wider for me, until both feet were flat on either side of my waist. I broke the kiss, raising myself up on my arms. Looking into her eyes, I reached down between us, and grabbed my cock.

She was gasping for breath, her eyes trailing down my body until they locked on my boner. 

I slowly ran my swollen head down the pink lips of her cunt, feeling the heat that had built up there. At the hottest, wettest point, I knew I had found her entrance again. I pushed forward and her hungry pussy slowly opened for my mushroom head, accepting me. I eased partway into her, the top portion of my dick completely gripped by her warm tunnel. She closed her eyes. I embraced the feeling. I pulled back a little, and then pushed forward once more. This time with my nearly ten inches of dick slipped into the entirety of her needy hole. She moaned again, head arching back, eyebrows raised as my dick entered her all the way.

She put her arms around my neck and pulled herself up to me, her lips finding mine as I kept myself inside her. She kissed me passionately as I began to slide my pole in and out of her. She moaned as we kissed, my long cock sliding in and out of her needy cunt. Pleasure flowed up my body as she wrapped her legs around me, holding me close. 

I began to fuck her a little harder, and her feet began to bounce off my ass as my dick thrust into her over and over. 

I could feel her heart pounding. She broke the kiss, unable to contain her cries any longer. My cock felt so amazing sliding in and out of her pussy like that. I pistoned in and out of her even faster sensing that she was well on her way. 

She let out a long, high pitched cry, cumming. The inner walls of her cunt began to squeeze and release my driving cock, so intense was her orgasm. She tried desperately to breathe, to regain control as I continued to jack hammer into her needy pussy. Finally, the intensity of the orgasm subsided, though the wonderful feeling continued.

I was losing it, however. This woman felt so incredible in bed, and she moved so well I couldn't take much more of it. I slammed in and out of her as hard as I possibly could, groaning all the time, well on my way. She moaned, and I loved every second of my thick meat ramming into her with abandon. 

I pulled my rock hard cock out of her vagina, gripping it tightly in my hand. I moaned as my cock spasmed. A thick, long stream of cum fired powerfully out the end of my dick, splattering across her tits and waist. 

Her legs were spread wide around me as my penis jerked again, shooting another long stream of cum across the creamy white skin of her stomach. My next shot died down a little, trickling out, and onto the pink patch of flesh that was her pussy, where I used my cock to rub my juice into the folds of her pussy. 

Finally, having gotten what I came for, I stood up, got dressed and left her and her boyfriend alone in the room.

* * *

Copyright © 2006, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.