 Driving home from work Tuesday evening, Brian finally got it. He finally had the perfect present for Lainie's 30th birthday. 

"I don't know why I didn't think of this sooner, but its perfect," he said aloud to himself as he navigated rush hour traffic. "If I set it up just right, she'll have no clue until its too late." He dialed a number on his cell phone and spent the rest of the drive making arrangements through his secretary, Michelle.

Pleased with himself, he hummed along with the sounds of Brown Eyed Women emitting from the car radio. His fingers tapped on the steering wheel as he pulled the car into the garage.

Lainie was busily chopping and dicing her way through dinner preparations when Brian strolled through the door, still humming the Grateful Dead tune under his breath. "Hey there, how was your day?" she asked, tossing him a grape tomato.

"My day was the usual, meeting clients and convincing them they need us." Brian caught the tomato, popped it in his mouth and laid his duffel bag on the floor beside the desk. "How about you?"

As Lainie told him about her day, he came around the corner of the butcher block island she was working at and wrapped his arms around her middle. The planning of her birthday surprise had made him more than a little horny, and his swelling dick pressed gently into her backside.

"Are you happy to see me, or did you sneak a cucumber off the table?" Lainie giggled as she seductively wiggled her cute little butt against him.

"Always happy to see you." Brian nuzzled that back of her neck and pressed harder with his growing erection. "How long 'til dinner- do I have time for a shower?"

"If you hurry, you do. But if you can wait until after dinner, I'll join you." She said as she cut up the last of the ingredients for the salad and tossed them in the wooden bowl. "Why don't you just go change your clothes for now?"

"That", he replied, "Is the best offer I've had all day." He smacked her playfully on the ass and jogged up the stairs to change. "Be right back."

When Brian returned, Lainie had dinner on the table and two wine glasses full of their favorite Bordeaux. "Smells wonderful sweetheart, I'm starving."

As they ate the vegetable lasagna and drank their wine, the stress and chaos of the day melted away for both of them. The conversation came around to their plans for coming weekend and Brian was careful not to reveal too much.

"I have it all taken care of, don't you worry. Your birthday is my responsibility, you just never mind the details." He scolded her kiddingly as she dug for information. "All you have to do is make sure you have a relaxing day at that spa Sarah and Michelle are taking you to, and be sure to be dressed to kill when I pick you up. That's it, no more information."

Lainie resigned herself to the fact that she wasn't going to get any more out of Brian, and to be honest, she liked that anticipation and surprise. But she pouted a little, just for effect. "That's it? I can't do ANYTHING to make you tell me more?"

"All that pouting is going to get you is bitten on the lip." Brian smiled. 

He wasn't always immune to her cute, sexy pouty lips. In fact she got her way more often than not, but he was determined this time. This was too good to spoil by letting the proverbial cat out of the bag. Changing the subject he said, "Lets do the dishes later, you promised me a shower."

He pushed his chair back and extended his hand to Lainie. She clasped her hand in his and he guided her around the corner of the table so she was standing in front of him. Brian twirled her tan slender body around and she ducked under his arm and came about facing him again. 

Wrapping her strong arms around his neck, she stood on her tip toes to kiss him. Brian, bending slightly to meet her tender supple lips, inhaled deeply. Her scent was intoxicating. He parted her lips with his searching tongue and Lainie met him with her own. Their tongues danced and probed as he gently picked Lainie up and carried her upstairs to the large master bath. 

Setting her on her feet gently, Brian continued the kiss, cupping her face in the palms of his hands. Lainie snaked her hands under his shirt and massaged the tense muscles in his lower back, kneading them with expert fingers. She loved the way his muscles felt under her touch- in her command to manipulate and contort, but ever at the ready to take her, should she need taking.

Brian broke their kiss and reached inside the glass doors of the shower to set the water temperature. As the steam began to rise up and out over their heads filling the room with a light mist, Lainie let the straps of her slip dress fall off her shoulders and to the floor. She was not wearing a bra, she seldom did around the house, and only a thin pair of black lace panties covered her closely shaven mound.

Brian's eyes traveled over the beautiful, rounded curves of her breasts, down the soft swell of her hips to the firm, taunt muscles of her lovely legs and back up, to the gentle curve of her neck and they got caught in the deep ocean blue of her eyes. "My god, you still take my breath away."

Flirting a little, Lainie batted her long black eyelashes and winked wickedly at him as she ducked under his arm and walked into the shower. "That is the best line I've heard all day." She giggled, teasingly mocking him for his earlier comment. Suddenly her lace panties landed at his feet. "Please join me, its lonely in here."

Needing no further prompting, Brian quickly removed his T shirt and shorts and joined Lainie in the steamy, hot shower.

When Brian and Lainie designed their house, the master bath received much of Lainie's attention. She had always pictured a huge room in which to relax in and pamper herself. The whole room was lit by candles whenever she was home, and the flames bounced seductively off the mirrors and chrome fixtures. The shower was a work of art. It was quite large and the glass walls encased six shower heads set at different levels around the enclosure. Brian and Lainie often indulged themselves by using the shower as a steam bath, spending hours lounging on the built in benches.

Tonight the combination of the candle light, the steam and music wafting from the radio was overwhelming. Brian wrapped his arms around Lainie from behind, cupping her firm breasts in his hands, rolling her erect nipples between his fingers. Lainie let herself fall back into Brian's strong arms, completely surrendering. The hot water from the shower jets hit the two of them from many angles as they moved together as one in their dance.

Brian slipped one hand down Lainie's belly and over the soft mound of her sex. He could feel the slick wetness of her juices flowing from her as his fingers caressed the soft folds of her pussy. Lainie moaned and pressed herself backwards into his hardening manhood when he found the erect little nub of her clit and rolled it under his fingers. 

Brian continued to manipulate her, one hand teasing and torturing her stiff aching nipple, and the other concentrating on her swollen clit. Faster and harder his fingers moved, the cries of pleasure coming from deep in Lainie's throat.

Lainie could feel Brian's huge erection pressed firmly against her ass cheeks and she gyrated into him, working his cock between them. As he brought her closer to the edge, she moved faster and tightened her grip on his throbbing muscle. 

Suddenly Brian released her and with one swift motion bent her at the waist, forcing her to catch herself on the bench with her hands. He grabbed his engorged cock and rubbed it roughly along her slippery slit, pushing into her. Brian buried himself deep inside of her with one quick thrust as he grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto him. Lainie gasped at the jarring intrusion and moaned with pleasure.

In the position Lainie was in one of the shower jets was hitting her square in the face, making it difficult to catch her breath. She raised herself up slightly so that the needle sharp jets of water was pointed at her chest instead. The feeling of Brian pounding into her from behind as the sharp pricks of hot water abusing her tender breasts and sensitive nipples was exquisite.

Bracing herself, she threw her head back in complete abandonment and screamed, "Fuck me... take me...Oh God... fuck me harder!"

Brian felt the pressure mounting in the pit of his stomach, his balls tightening as he slammed his cock into Lainie faster and harder. His fingers dug into the soft flesh of her hips as his seed erupted in her wet pussy, sending streams of hot cum deep in her tunnel. Brian could feel the walls of her cunt gripping his pulsating cock, milking the length of his shaft. His groans bouced off the glass walls of the shower as he continued to pound into Lainie's tight snatch.

Lainie bucked her hips into him as her fingers found her swollen, aching clit and ground it into her pelvic bone. The fire building inside her was white hot, demanding release. When she felt Brian's pulsing cock explode inside her it sent her into an animalistic frenzy. From deep in her throat came a low growl as her whole body tensed and her muscles spasmed uncontrollably. Brian could feel the hot wet juices surround his cock as she came, her pussy gripping his cock even harder.

He held on to Lainie as she regained control of her senses, keeping his softening cock inside her as the aftershocks of her orgasm sent electric tingles up his shaft. 

He pulled her back to lean on him, moving her away from the sharp stream of hot water, hugging her close as her jagged breathing slowly calmed to normal. "I love you, Lainie", he whispered in her ear.

She smiled, completed sated. "I love you more."

(Return to find out what Brian has in store for Lainie's birthday...) 

Please let me know what you think... ~HG~