 I was expecting it be just another long workday. I do manual labor for a small moving company, helping people to empty their old residences, or fill their new ones, with their belongings. It's more or less mindless work. The furniture, cardboard boxes, and eventually even the customers all kind of blur together. On this day, I was already in my what I call "zombie mode" before I even made it to the door of the house. My mind was focused on much more exciting things than loading up furniture—mostly the women in my life--and the swelling in my shorts was evidence of that.

Fortunately my bulge hadn't grown to obvious proportions, for when I rang the doorbell, a very attractive woman of about thirty answered, and she looked me up and down right away. After a brief introduction, in which I learned her name was Lana, she showed me around the small, two-bedroom home. I was impressed that she had actually packed up virtually everything. Most customers are still working on that until the last seconds, but Lana's cupboards were empty, her bed was broken down, and even her fridge had been cleaned out.

"I guess I'll let you get started," she said, almost bashfully. 

She opened her mouth to say something else, but stopped at the sound of a car door slamming outside.

"Oh, that's my other help," she laughed. "My husband and sister and I are going to clean up this place as best we can. We rent, and we don't want to lose any more of our security deposit than we have to. I hope we won't be in your way."

"No, that won't be a problem."

"Okay, good. Well, if you need anything, I won't be too far."

Her statement alone was innocent enough, but her big, mischievous smile and intentional wink added layers to her words that gave me plenty to chew on as I got started. 

Lana was the kind of woman any guy would love to see wink at them. She had a very pleasant charm about her, with cute dimples and a contagious smile. She very much resembled Kate Hudson from the neck up, while below she had large C-cup chest, which I suspected as fake, since the rest of her was so tiny. Her hair was a sandy blonde and it hung straight down to her lower back, just above where her little ass fit snugly in a pair of ratty old jean shorts.

Only once in my years with this job had I ever gotten lucky with a fellow client, and that was with a girl about my age, 18, who didn't have anyone else to ease her tensions. But sweet ol' Lana had a husband, and he was here, so she seemed off limits even if she did, by some miracle, actually want me. As tempting a creature as she was, I had no trouble keeping my mind on work.

Over the next couple hours, I briefly met her husband, Todd, who was a seemingly nice guy that was also twice my size. I say "seemingly" because while he rarely talked and smiled even less, he did apologize for not helping, blaming it on a back injury that had put him in traction for the last few weeks. I knew it wasn't an excuse, for while Todd was by no means a bodybuilder, he was thick and brawny—the kind of guy you'd avoid at all costs if you ever played on opposing football teams. With him around, there was, like I said, absolutely no trouble whatsoever with keeping my mind off of Lana and on my work. I may have been horny, but I wasn't suicidal.

But things changed a degree or two when I met Lana's sister, Claire, who I assumed was fair game. She was younger than her sibling, say, late twenties, and was just as cute. She could almost have passed as Lana's twin, if you looked only at her face. But her hair was a light shade of brunette and curly. Her natural, B-cup breasts, which were quite well defined in her tight t-shirt with no supporting bra, had nothing to be ashamed of. Her body was a little thicker than Lana's, as was her ass.

I still didn't want to risk upsetting anyone by hitting on Claire, but I made sure to keep an eye out in case she ever showed some interest. So far, she hadn't.

But over the next couple hours, Lana continually was showing interest in me. Even with her husband right in the room, she would wink and smile at me. Or she'd lock eyes with me over his shoulder as she seductively rubbed lotion onto her long, smooth legs. She'd start at an ankle, move up the calf, over her thigh, and even push the leg of her shorts up a little to get underneath. And her eyes were on me the whole time. She never blinked. And she did this twice. 

Once she kneeled on the couch and leaned forward on the backrest to face me, her breasts hanging free in her t-shirt. She'd engage me in some forgettable, innocent conversation, but her eyes were so excited as she watched me fight to stare at her cleavage below. It was incredible—I could see all the way down her shirt between those two beautiful orbs—but I was so nervous about Todd catching me that it was hard to enjoy the sight completely.

The day went on like that, with all the teasing coming from the wrong damn woman. I guessed I only had an hour left to go, as all that was left to pack up were a few dozen boxes in the living room and master bedroom. I was carrying one outside to the truck when Todd got up and tossed a rag he'd been cleaning the window with onto the floor.

"Shit! This is annoying work," he grumbled. "Screw the doctor's orders, Lana. I've gotta move around or I'm gonna kill myself." 

And with that he stood up, stormed past me to get outside and talked to me loud and fast. As I rushed to catch up, Todd said he wanted to pack the truck, and I should just bring the boxes to him out there. He didn't say it as a suggestion, but an order, so I wasn't about to argue.

About three boxes into this new process, things started to get weird. Lana had stopped working altogether, and, since the couch was packed in the truck now, she instead watched me from a pose on the floor. She was sitting with her legs outstretched, and her torso leaning forward slightly, exposing that awesome cleavage again. This time, she didn't say a word. She just stared at me and smiled.

Claire, meanwhile, had moved to the master bedroom to clean, and still paid no attention to me. She found a flashlight/radio combo, and turned on some rock station, seemingly oblivious to me being there at all.

I was making my way back into the house, quietly singing "Pour Some Sugar On Me," with the radio, when something grabbed me hard by the arm and pulled me from the doorway. I was pushed up against the wall right next to the open door, and to my surprise found that it was cute little Lana that had put me there. Her body was pressed against me, and her lips were so close that I could feel them brush my own as she whispered.

"Promise you won't tell?" she said, panting heavily and looking deep into my eyes.

Her hands moved up my chest, then around to the back of my head. Before I could say a word, she pulled me to her and stuck her tongue down my throat. Her mouth was cold, like she had just drunk a glass of ice water, but it heated up quickly, as did the rest of her. I wasn't sure what to do, or where to put my hands, even, but hers slid back down my chest, then under my shirt to touch my pecs directly. She clawed at me lightly with her fingernails, occasionally grazing my hard nipples.

Whether this lasted minutes or seconds, I'll never know, but when Lana finally broke the kiss, I grabbed the first box I could, held it in front of my tenting shorts, and rushed outside to give it to Todd.

Walking back to the house, I was drawn between getting there quick for another round, or taking my time so I could put things in perspective. Quick won.

Upon entering, I turned to the wall where I had left Lana, and found her waiting with a smile on her face and passion in her eyes. We grabbed each other, and this time it was me pushing her against the wall. We kissed deeply and quickly, and her hands found my ass as mine found her tits. I squeezed them through the t-shirt, then pushed them together and bent down to lick the cleavage I'd been drooling over all day. Lana threw her head back, then lifted her shirt up over the tops of her breasts.

My tongue moved like a missile towards these plush targets, but Lana had other ideas. She grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt and pulled it up and off, threw it to the floor, and pulled me against her so our naked chests were touching. We kissed again, briefly, then Lana pushed me away.

"Go," she whispered, suppressing laughter.

I bent to grab a box, then remembered Todd had asked for a specific box, one that was in the bedroom. Hurriedly I rushed off, leaving Lana, who hadn't even bothered to pull her shirt back down.

My mind went from that realization to the realization that I wasn't wearing my shirt, either. But it was too late by the time that hit me—I was already in the bedroom and in Claire's field of vision. She was peeling poster tape off the walls when she saw me and froze, her eyes wide with surprise. I'm sure I looked just as stunned. But instead of questioning my half-nakedness, Claire just watched me curiously as I sought out the box I needed. If I wasn't so nervous, I might have paid more attention to the slight smile that spread across her face.

I left with the box, hearing Claire asking Lana for a hammer as I moved outside toward Todd and the truck. I told him I had trouble finding the box to explain why I was gone for so long, but he didn't seem to care, or even be listening. And he didn't seem to notice that my shirt was gone, either. Then he requested another specific box, and I said with a smile, "No problem".

I was still smiling as I entered the house, turned to the wall and grabbed Lana again. She wasn't facing me this time, so I pressed my hard crotch into her ass and cupped her breasts—

But her breasts were smaller. And her hair was dark.

This was not Lana.

It had only been half a second of contact, at most, but that was more than enough. I quickly recoiled, stammering for an apology to Claire, who turned to look at me with an unbelieving expression. She was so shocked that she dropped the hammer she was holding, and the bang when it hit the floor was what brought her back to full alert.

I didn't know what to do, think, or say. I just knew I was in deep shit, and I didn't want to stick around for this uncomfortable face off. I rushed away towards the bedroom, where I met Lana in the hallway.

"Did you find it yet?" she called over my shoulder to her little sis. Then she grabbed me to her again and moved to kiss me. I tried to pull away, but then I felt her hand slip down my shorts and grab my hard on. I didn't have enough willpower to fight that, and we kissed, with her pushing me against the wall.

It was a good thing Lana remembered her sister, because with my cock peeking out over the waist of my shorts, I sure as hell didn't. She broke the kiss and called out again.

"Claire? Did you find it?"

"Um...yeah. Yeah, I got it." Claire's voice was still distant, like she hadn't moved from where I had left her at the front door.

"Shit," Lana whispered, giving me one last kiss before releasing my dick and backing away. 

We could hear Claire's footsteps approaching as Lana touched the bulge once more through my shorts.

"Keep that ready for me," she whispered. Then she moved back to the living room, and I rushed off to the bedroom, with Claire just steps behind.

It took me a couple seconds to gather my thoughts and remember what box I had come in there for. At last I found it, then held my head low as I moved past Claire and left the room. I had averted my eyes out of fear and embarrassment, but I could tell she was watching me the whole time, and I was sure she was smiling wide.

I gave the box to Todd, who, fortunately, was busy rearranging some of the stuff in the truck. I offered no explanation this time, and he was too involved with his own thing to ask for one. Without a word, I turned back to the house.

I thought about keeping Lana off me and trying to explain that we couldn't do this, that we'd kinda already been caught, even. But before I could decide how to say it, she was on me, pushing me back against that wall by the door. Her shirt came up and off, and I was so thankful for the loud radio blaring to help drown out the sounds of our lips smacking together, or our moans as we pressed our bodies close.

Lana slid down me, trailing her tongue across my chest and abs, then she unzipped my shorts and guided my hard on through the opening. She stroked my rock-hard shaft a few times, and then engulfed me with her mouth. Her soft lips and slippery tongue drowned my erection with saliva, but even with all the intensity, she managed to keep in control and moved with slow, deliberate pumps. Her tongue danced across the underside of my shaft as her lips sunk down to the base of it, then slowly pulled back to the very tip of the head. Lana even moved a hand up through the legs of my shorts and grabbed my balls, gently massaging them as I clutched at the wall to keep myself steady.

I was shocked back to reality when I heard Todd's voice, terrifyingly close, call out my name.

"Yeah!" I answered, certain it would be my last word. 

I knew he was outside. I could hear footsteps on the sidewalk approaching. He couldn't have been more than ten feet away. All he had to do was take one step inside the house and look to his right, and my life would be over. Meanwhile, Lana hadn't missed a beat. Her mouth was still on me, and, if anything, she was even more excited, as her pace had quickened, and her lips' grip on my dick had tightened.

"I need something small and heavy next," Todd said, his voice getting closer with each word. "Bring out a couple of those little boxes of books from the bedroom."

"Okay," I gulped. I could hear his footsteps. He was still coming. He would be inside in a second. Lana was not giving up, but sucking even faster and harder. I had to do something.

Beside me was a stack of light boxes. I grabbed one, then tossed it out the doorway and practically hit him with it just before he stepped inside. 

"Here, take this in the meantime," I said. "It's light." 

I cursed myself for giving him orders. That alone could piss him off enough to knock my lights out. Below, Lana took me in deep, into her throat, and I her heard her gag as I, myself let out a little moan. 

I spoke immediately to help cover up the sounds. "I'll get the books right now."

That did it, as Todd took box without entering the house and moved back to the truck.

Lana finally released my dick, and a long string of saliva and pre-cum swung from my cock head to her lips. She smiled at me and laughed as she wiped her chin.

"That was close," she whispered. "You better get going."

I did just that, fighting my dick back into my shorts as I marched to the bedroom. My whole body was tingling with so much excitement that I didn't even notice that Claire was nowhere to be seen as I entered the room. Then I sensed movement behind me and turned just in time to see a shape slip from behind the door and approach me. Claire was on me immediately, grabbing me just as I had grabbed her minutes before. Her crotch pushed against my ass, and her hands ran across my chest, then down to the huge bulge between my legs. She bit my earlobe gently, then licked my neck.

"If you wanted me," she said over the blaring radio, "all you had to do was ask."

Claire turned me around so we were facing each other, then she grabbed me kissed me all over my neck and face. Despite her ignorance of me earlier, Clair was even more impatient than her sister. Her kisses were quick, wet, and passionate, but then they were over. She stepped back, threw off her shirt and thrust out her beautiful little breasts with her huge areola and erect nipples.

"Suck on me," she gasped, and I obliged immediately.

I grabbed her breasts and pushed them together, alternating between the two of them and between flicking the nipples with my tongue, and sucking as much of her flesh as I could get my lips around. As soon as each breast was coated with a layer of my saliva, I backed away, feeling it was time to get back to work before someone got suspicious. But Claire had other ideas.

"I want to see your cock," she said.

I was reluctant to obey, as I was in full view of anyone who might pass by the door. But Claire wasn't waiting. She kneeled down and tugged my shorts to my ankles, then my boxers followed. My dick sprang out, hitting her in the nose, but she didn't take it in her mouth. She just looked at it, licking her lips and running her hands up and down my thighs. My cock, glistening with her sister's spit and my own pre-cum, stared right back, and strained to be touched again. That wish was soon granted, as Claire wrapped her thin fingers around my shaft and began stroking me. My knees buckled.

Then more footsteps, this time coming down the hall. Guiding me by my dick, which she never released, Claire had me move right beside the door, out of view. But she didn't have time to hide herself before Lana came around the corner and stopped. Claire tried to look bored, but she continued to pump my cock.

"What are you doing?" Lana asked.

"Oh, just wiping off some of the scuff marks from the wall."

I wasn't in the clear yet, but I admired Claire for her grace under pressure. From Lana's vantage point in the hall, all she could see was her sister kneeling down and moving her arm back and forth. Her hand—and what she was holding—were out of view.

"Where's Gavin?"

Claire didn't miss a beat. "Oh, he's right here," she said, pointing to the corner of the room beside me, a corner Lana couldn't see. "He's organizing the boxes or something..."

"Okay," Lana said, a little perplexed. "Well tell him Todd's calling for him."

Claire turned toward the corner and relayed the message, then looked back to Lana.

"He's coming."

Lana was satisfied with that, and moved back down the hall. I let out a sigh of relief, then sucked in a sudden breath of air as Claire released my dick and gave it a long, wet lick with her tongue. Then she moved away without saying a word.

Not knowing what to say, myself, I pulled my shorts up and grabbed not just one or two but an entire stack of small, heavy boxes filled with books. I strained to stay on my feet with all the weight, but I wanted to keep Todd busy on the next round. As I left the room, I saw Claire undoing her pants...

...And as I passed through the living room on my way outside, I saw Lana standing beside the door with hers already off.

I unloaded the four or five boxes on the back of the truck, and Todd went to work. He never seemed in much of a hurry, but with these heavier items he was going especially slow. Perfect, I thought.

I raced back to the house, wondering how I was going to juggle myself through this next act. 

Lana was completely naked; not even a single hair adorned her adorable little pussy. She was sliding a finger up and down her slit, getting it wet, her eyes locked on mine the whole time. I pushed my cock through the opening in my shorts and rubbed the head against her clit. She jumped back in delight, then threw herself against me. She jumped up and I caught her, and as her legs wrapped around my waist, I directed my dick into her slick hole. We both moaned uncontrollably as I entered her, and we had to kiss hard and long to stifle the sound. 

When I began pumping into her, I thought for sure we would lose it, and we practically did. We groaned and panted and screamed as if there was no one to hear us for miles. The radio covered most of it, but we were so gone that we wouldn't have cared if it didn't. Holding Lana by her ass, I pulled her down onto me as I drove my hips up to fuck her as hard and deep as possible. She thrust her chest up into my face, letting me lick those marvelous melons as they bounced around my head. 
