 We walk together along the little forest path. It's early afternoon and the sun is high, sun rays shining through the canopy. It's warm, but not hot, in the half shade provided by the fragrant and wonderfully green trees. I watch your flowing long hair and sense the faint scent of your perfume. As I walk behind you, I take in the shapes of your body. Your lovely breasts, filling out the thin shirt. Occasionally, peeking over your shoulder, looking down, I see the skin at the base of your tits where you have opened a button. Your but is invitingly filling out your cut off jeans.

Finally we arrive at my designated destination, a little glade beside a small lake. Quickly I spread our blanket on the ground and sit down beside you. Looking into your eyes I see an unspoken demand. My heart beats harder when I lean forward to kiss you. Very gently I let my lips touch yours. You answer my kiss and I feel the tip of your tongue meet mine. Taking your head into one hand I deepen our kiss as you lie back on the blanket. My other hand gently traces your body, moving to unbutton your shirt. As the sides of your shirt fall to the ground I take in the sight of your firm naked breasts. Gently, I place my hand around one of your inviting tits, holding it as move my mouth down to let you sense my hot breath on the nipple. You make a small sound of pleasure as I take your nipple between my lips, wetting it throughly, tickling it with my tongue.

I feel your nipple harden between my lips as you move your hand over my chest, unbuttoning my shirt as you go along. Arriving at my shorts you stop teasingly a little while. Lifting my head from your breast I see the smile on your face as you continue to move your hand over the fabric of my shorts. As I take your other breast into my mouth I can feel your fingers probing my growing bulge. You trace the contours of your prize for a little while before starting to unbuckle my belt.

Now you sit up and put a hand on my chest, nudging my to lie down. Sitting on your knees beside my, you open the buttons in my shorts without hesitation. Gently, you insert your hand to liberate my still growing rod. In a swift movement you pull my shorts and boxer shorts down to my ankles, leaving my lying on my back with my cock eagerly pulsating in the pleasantly warm sunshine. Expertly as always you grab around the base of the my shaft with one hand as you let the other slide along the inside of my thighs to end up tickling my balls.

Slowly stroking me up and down you lean forward. Without touching it with your mouth, you drop some saliva on the gleaming head for lubrication. Slowly you let the tip of your index finger trace the rim of the glans before you continue to stroke for a little while.

Satisfied my cock is as hard as it will get, you quickly stand up to remove your shorts. Naked, you again stand on your knees beside me and reach for my throbbing shaft. While locking my gaze, you continue to stroke me. At the same time you move your other hand down between your legs, extending your index finger as it passes through your beautiful triangle of thick black hair. In the corner of my eyes I see how you part your pussy lips with your finger, inserting it deeply inside you.

I cannot help breaking out of your gaze to watch your fingers play with your pussy. I can see your moisture gleam in the sunlight. Still slowly stroking my cock you watch me for a little while as you insert two fingers deep into your pussy, collecting as much of your juices as you can. Smiling you hold out your soaked fingers to my face. The widely erotic scent of your aroused sex sends redoubled shivers down my spine. I wordlessly open my mouth as you let me taste your arousal.

I feel an overwhelming need to taste you properly. Reaching out with my hand I take hold of your but, guiding you closer to me. Willingly, you straddle my head with your knees, lowering your pussy towards my face. The potent scent of your wetness again redoubles my arousal. As I touch your pussy lips with the lips of my mouth I feel you take my cock into your hand. Almost at the same instant as my tongue start tracing the rim of your pussy lips, travelling towards your clit, I feel the wetness of your tongue engulf the glans of my cock.

Before, the awareness of the surrounding nature has heightened my excitement. Now, the world narrows down to only your hot pussy, being vigorously liked and fingered by me, and to my hard cock, being sucked and fucked by your warm, pleasant mouth. Suddenly I feel the tension in your body raise. Your grip around my cock tightens as I suck your clit between my lips and rapidly move my fingers in and out of your drenched pussy. Feeling your orgasm approach also I tension. You start to shudder and I feel how your pussy squeezes my fingers. I feel waves of pleasure rip through my body. Suddenly, hot streams of thick cum start to spurt into your warm, waiting mouth. Eagerly you swallow my sperm as it fills your mouth. Equally eager, I continue to suck your clit, tasting your juices that are all over my face. You let go of my cock and raise, moaning loudly as a second orgasm sweeps through your body.

Spent, we lie side by side. I watch you and see how some of my cum has escaped your mouth to your chin and cheeks. Taking my finger I gently collect the small trickles, returning them to your waiting mouth. Smiling you swallow whatever I can collect. When I can collect no more, I kiss you deeply. I can feel the taste cum in your mouth and hold you tightly. Breaking off the kiss you take my now flaccid cock into your hand. Squeezing gently, you collect a last large drop of cum on your hand. Having felt the taste of cum in your mouth, I don't hesitate when you offer your hand to my mouth. Using my tongue, I clean your fingers, taking what cum there is into my mouth, tasting it, swallowing it.

Close together we lay back on our blanket, letting the warm sunshine bathe on our naked bodies. Turning against you, I utter the first word anyone has spoken since we arrived at the glade -- "I love you".