 She sat on the floor between his legs. He sat above her on the futon and they both stared mindlessly in the direction of the television. Her body was charged with sexual tension and she was ready to combust. He placed his hands on her delicate shoulders and rubbed them. He used his long slender fingers to stroke the curve of her neck and his hands traveled across her collarbone and down the front of her v- neck shirt. He swiftly slipped his hand under her bra and cupped her breast. She enjoyed his caresses, but she felt like taking charge. She turned her head and he leaned towards her. Their lips met in a soft, yet hungry kiss. She twisted her body around and knelt before him. She loved the way he greedily kissed her and continually sought to thrust his tongue deeper and to own more of her soul.

She stood up and pushed him against the back of the futon. He looked up at her and excitement and wonder flashed through his chocolate brown eyes. She straddled his lap and ground her groin against his. She wanted him badly. He placed his hands on her hips and she grasped his head with both hands and pulled him towards her. Their tongues warred within their mouths until he broke the kiss and started in on her neck. He knew that she couldn't resist having her neck liked, kissed, and sucked. She let her head fall back as she enjoyed his warm mouth sucking, biting, and kissing her neck. She swiveled her hips against him to show her approval. He continued licking her neck until she couldn't take it any longer.

She pushed him away from her and took back control of the situation. She grabbed the bottom of her sky blue shirt and pulled it over her head. She felt very sexy tonight and she was in a devilish mood. She let her shirt plop to the floor behind her. She ran her fingers through her hair and piled it on top of her head. She rotated her hips on his groin and gave him a seductive grin. As she looked upon him she was shocked. This was the first time that she had ever looked at him and saw, reflected in his eyes, that he was attracted to her. She wanted him even more now. She wished that he would make love to her. She leaned in close to him and nibbled on his earlobe. She kissed and licked his neck, repaying him the torture that he had given her. She needed him and she felt that she couldn't wait any longer. She grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head. She kissed his collarbone and lightly bit his nipples. She grabbed his biceps and squealed with delight. She absolutely adored his arms. She enjoyed knowing that she was with someone who could protect her.

She loved lying wrapped in his strong, manly arms. She loved knowing that he was strong enough to overcome her, but that he was so gentle and so loving. As she fawned over his arms he reached behind her and unclasped her aquamarine velvet bra. He pulled the garment away from her breasts and deposited it on the pile of clothes behind them. He massaged one of her breasts with his large hand and teased the other with his skilled tongue. It took her some time to teach him just how she liked to be touched, but he quickly mastered the skill. She pressed her hips against him and he unzipped her jeans in response. He wrapped his arms around her, stood up, and carried her into his bedroom. She was overwhelmed that she was finally with a man who was willing to take charge and she let him have total control over her.

He gently laid her on the waterbed as he feverishly removed her shoes, socks, and her blue jeans. He unbuttoned his own pants and dropped them to the floor. He pulled her panties down her long legs and let them fall to the floor. He laid down on top of her and kissed her neck. She mashed her mouth against his and pushed her aching groin into his body. She wanted the smooth, sweet friction that their bodies created. He wiggled out of his boxers and kicked them to the floor. He repositioned her on the bed and hovered over her before plunging himself deep within her. She sighed with the relief that he was bringing to her tingling cunt.

He kissed her passionately as he thrust in and out of her. She was not expecting things to be as slow and sweet as they were but she enjoyed it immensely. She raised her arm above her head and he placed his arm on top of hers. Magically their fingers intertwined, and they held hands during sex. It was the ultimate physical and emotional bond and she suddenly became scared because she knew that she was falling for him. She thought that he was falling for her, but she couldn't read him, and worried about getting her hopes up.

She bit his neck and raked her nails down his back. He grabbed her thigh and pulled her leg up. She enjoyed when he took charge of the situation. He tortured her by continually sucking on her neck. She arched her back and he threaded his fingers in her hair and gently pulled her hair. She bucked her hips and smiled in spite of herself. His throbbing cock rubbed against the entrance of her vagina and the stimulation was driving her insane. He kissed her on the forehead before whispering her name followed by exclamations of "OH GOD!" She had never had a man say her name during sex and every time he did she felt like crying. No man had ever paid so much attention to her during sex, and no man had ever satisfied her as much as he did. His strong arms gripped her as his body became tense. He was at the point of no return and she sensed this and synchronized her movements with his.

"Oh God! I'm gonna cum!" She wrapped her arms around him and scratched her nails down her back. She loved hearing him talk dirty to her during sex. She continued thrusting his hips until he came inside of her and she rode the waves of his orgasm with him. He collapsed on top of her and she kissed his shoulder.

He rolled off of her and sat propped up on pillows. She laid in the crook of his arm with the covers pulled just above her breasts. His strong arm supported her head as his hand gently caressed her arm and she wished that things could be like this between them always.