 You should really think about doing some lap dancing, that's where the money is!" Butch told me.

Butch was the manager of the bar where I worked as a waitress to earn an income to support my two-year-old daughter and me.

Jessica was the product of a foolish teenage fling and her father had fled to parts unknown when he found out I was pregnant.

"With a body like yours you'd make a fortune." Butch continued, "You don't need to do anything, just sit on their laps in a thong and squirm."

I was doing pretty good serving drinks in my miniskirt and open blouse; I went home with a hundred in tips every Friday and Saturday night. Still the girls that were doing lap dances were making double that. It meant getting bare-breasted but that was no big deal, I still had a nice pair of 36C's.

"Can I give it a try?" I asked Butch.

"Sure, I'll put you on the list Wednesday night, it's not too busy and you can try it out." Butch agreed.

I went home to my daughter that night wondering if I had made a good choice.

The lap dances were done in the V.I.P. lounge, a separate room with half-a-dozen large wingback chairs. Girls would take their Johns into the V.I.P. to enjoy the opportunity of contacting a willing body. 

I went to work with some apprehension Wednesday night. Instead of going to my serving station I went into the staff lounge and removed all my clothes except the narrow white thong I was wearing. I fixed my hair, slipped on a short robe and went out to circulate in the main lounge.

Wednesdays were slow nights. There were about half-a-dozen guys scattered around the room watching the girl on the pole. I took a seat at the bar with my robe loosely open advertising my wares.

I received my first request to go in the V.I.P. lounge in about ten minutes. Nervously I went to the V.I.P. for my first assignment.

My John was the only one in the room. He was a mid-forties bald guy sitting with his dick out!

Bashfully I introduced myself over the blaring music and slipped my robe off. My customer made room for me to sit on his lap.

Summonsing up all my courage I sat down right on top of his erection. Immediately he filled his hands with my breasts.

I could feel his cock twitching under my almost bare ass, coming more alive being so close to my pussy.

"An extra hundred to go in you?" he propositioned.

I had heard that the lap dancers got offers for sex and it was up to them if they accepted

A hundred dollars for having a cock in me for about ten minutes? With the twenty for the lap dance that would be more than I made all night serving on a busy night!

I reached down and gasped his cock. I raised my bum enough to pull my thong aside and start him into me and then I sat down again. His cock slid deep inside of me.

It had been a while since I had been fucked and the stiff cock felt pretty good in me. I decided I might as well go for an orgasm as I was getting paid anyway. I was a little uneasy about having a stranger's bare cock in me but it was too late to do anything now. 

He kept a hold of my tits while I begin to bounce my ass up and down and squirm on his cock. The more I fucked him the harder he squeezed my boobs until I had to cry out "not so hard" to him.

Unfortunately he came in about three minutes flat! Before I even had a chance to work up a climax I felt him stiffen under me and the sensation of his warm jizz filling my cock-pocket.

"How'd it go?" Butch asked as I went back into the main lounge.

"Not bad." I said with a hundred and twenty bucks in my robe pocket and a pussy full of cum.

"Good, Max Levi wants to try you." Butch smiled.

Max Levi was the proprietor of an upscale restaurant where the average tab for a couple could be two bills or more.

"Go get ready." Butch told me.

A quick douche, touch up my makeup and hair and back into the V.I.P.

The V.I.P. was still empty when Max came in. 

I had decided to give Max the "whole meal deal" knowing he was in the business and should be a big tipper.

I slipped off my robe revealing my completely naked body as my thong was left with the rest of my clothes in my locker.

"You like?" I looked at him seductively.

"Damn right!" Max grinned.

"Get it out." I boldly ordered.

Max unfastened his Armani slacks and pulled out his erection.

I slowly walked over to him and knelt between his legs.

"Let's get it nice and wet before you put it me!" I purred as I lowered my mouth onto his cock.

I took about three-quarters of his length into my mouth and run my tongue up the underside and up and over its head. Max instantly reached his maximum size as my lips sealed around his shaft.

I knew he was ready to enter me. I stood up, turned around and sat on his lap guiding his freshly primed cock into my cunt.

Max slipped into me with ease. I felt the smooth material of his expensive slacks under my thighs and his balls snuggled up between my open legs. I was ready to fuck him.

While my first fuck had failed to get me off I decided just to give Max the best fuck I could and ignore my needs. I begin the slow and sensuous grinding of is cock inside of me.

Surprisingly Max's cock felt better in me than the previous one even though Max must have been in his late sixties. We actually got some action happening.

"Fuck me Max, make me cum!" I moaned.

Max must have detected the sincerity in my plea, grasping my hips he began to thrust up into me. 

"Oh yes, that it!" I cried as my cunt gripped his cock.

I felt the quivering that signaled the beginning of an orgasm.

"I'm going to cum!" I whimpered as the spasms radiated from around Max's relentless cock.

As I said it had been a long time since I had enjoyed an orgasm. This was the day that my famine ended. The orgasm racked through my whole body causing me to almost fall off Max's lap.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" I screamed as Max ejaculated into me.

"Max said you were pretty good!" Butch congratulated me.

I knew he did, he had slipped me three hundred dollars when he left with a promise to return.

I was looking forward to Friday and Saturday nights!