 When I was 21 I got a little naughty with one of my moms friends. Her name was Theresa and I found her incredibly sexy. 

I would always come back to my parents house during the summer breaks while I was in college. I was always fit. I loved to work out and take care of my body. 

One afternoon my mom had a group over to plan a wedding shower for my aunt who was getting married. I had been out at the gym and walked into a house full of about eight women drinking wine and having fun. I'm sure they were discussing wedding plans at some point.

"So we are going to get a stripper?" I heard one of the women ask as I walked into the room. 

The entire room looked at me as I walked in. "I'm not the stripper!" I joked. 

Most of the women laughed and everyone started talking again. I sat down at the kitchen table next to my moms friend Theresa and my aunt. 

"So you are getting a stripper?" I asked my aunt. 

"No. no. Well, I don't know. Probably no." She answered. 

"Come on, we should get one." Theresa told my aunt. 

Theresa was wearing a little black dress with black 5 inch heels. She had some sort of black hosiery on her legs. Theresa was about 40. She had a very good body. She worked out and was very fit. She was married to a doctor and she loved to show off her money. She always dressed well. She wasn't one of my moms better friends but I had known here for about 5 years. All the women were somewhat dressed up for the gathering.

"So are you paying for the stripper?" My aunt asked Theresa. 

"Definitely!" Theresa answered. 

"I can see that now, a bunch of forty year old married women and a stripper. That poor guy would be molested!" My aunt answered. 

"I know I would have some fun! I know I would get my monies worth!" Theresa answered and then looked at me. 

"Ok, so obviously you two have had a glass or two of wine." I joked. 

"Ha, I've had three." My aunt answered. 

"I've only had one." Theresa answered. 

"One? Really? I just watched you fill up your glass." My aunt quickly said. 

"Ok, maybe two or three." Theresa said. 

"Well, let's hope that when you have your bachelorette party with the stripper there are a few bottles of wine!" I told Theresa. 

"What are you trying to say? Theresa asked. 

"Ummm, nothing. Just that a little alcohol helps with the inhibitions." I told her. 

"Trust me, I can have a good time with or without the wine!" Theresa told me. 

"Well, if we get a stripper, I know I'll need a few glasses of wine." My aunt told us. 

"Whatever, you know you will have fun if we get a stripper." Theresa told my aunt. 

"I don't know. I guess it would be fun. We would have to keep it under control though." My aunt answered. 

"So you would let him give you a lap dance then?" Theresa asked. 

"I guess, but only if he kept himself covered. Not if he is completely nude." My aunt answered. "Would you let a stripper give you one?"

"I would love it!" Theresa answered. 

"Ha, I bet you would!" My aunt said.

"As a matter of fact, I'd be the one giving him the lap dance." Theresa said as she reached for the bottle of wine and poured another glass. 

"No way, you would not give a stripper a lap dance." My aunt quickly replied. 

"Oh yes. I would." Theresa quickly came back with. 

"And what about Chris? He would be ok with this?" My aunt asked. 

"Of course not. He would lose it if I got or gave anyone a lap dance." Theresa said in a calmer voice. She almost seemed sad that she was realizing her fantasy of the male stripper probably wouldn't happen the way she envisioned it. 

"See, that's why we are not going to get a stripper." My aunt said. 

At that moment another one of my moms friends, Lori, walked up to us. 

"What's all this I'm hearing about a stripper?" Lori asked. 

"Theresa wants to get a stripper for my bachelorette party." My aunt replied. "But we just reminded her that her husband would not be on board with it."

"Well, eventhough Theresa is out, I'm game for a stripper!" Lori told us. 

"Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I'm not out on getting a stripper." Theresa told us. 

"She just hasn't figured out how to get it by her husband." My aunt said. 

"Don't forget she is also giving him a lap dance!" I made sure to tell everyone. I was really liking the idea of Theresa giving a lap dance and felt it was good to bring the conversation back to that. 

"Oh really? Theresa, a lap dance?" Lori asked. 

"Yes, why is everyone doubting me giving a lap dance?" Theresa asked. 

"Ok, let's make a bet then?" Lori said looking at Theresa and putting her hand out to shake on it. 

"You want to bet on it?" Theresa asked. She seemed very hesitant to put her hand out to shake Lori's. 

"Yes." Lori replied still holding her hand out. 

"Well, I'm not betting anything on it." Theresa said. 

"Why not? If you are going to do it, let's bet on it. Come on, it's just for fun." Lori said. 

"Sure, whatever." Theresa said but did not shake Lori's hand. 

"Would it make you feel better if we call it a dare?" Lori asked. 

"Sure, so you are daring me to give a lap dance to the stripper when we get one. Right?" Theresa clarified. 

"Exactly!" Said Lori. 

"You are going to look bad when I complete your dare." Theresa said. 

"I just want to remind you two that it's my bachelorette party and maybe I don't want a male stripper." My aunt said coming between them. 

"Oh, you are getting a stripper!" Theresa shot back. I could tell Lori had gotten to her. The best I could do was assume that Theresa and Lori were competitive with each other. Watching Theresa get all worked up was turning me on. Normally she would sit in her chair very classy and lady like. With her exchange with Lori, she was moving all around her chair. I kept watching her cross and uncross her legs. I watched her dress keep moving higher and higher on her thigh. I kept trying not to look but I was getting more and more turned on. 

She caught me a few times looking at the legs. I really think she knew I was getting turned on by her. Maybe it was Lori or maybe she was ok with me checking her out. I knew at that point I needed to leave the room or I was going to do or say something stupid. 

"Well, it's been fun hearing this lively discussion on male strippers and lap dances, but I need to go. I got stuff to do!" I said with a smile and got up from my chair to leave. 

"Are we boring you with our lap dance discussions?" Lori asked. 

"Oh no, I found it very interesting. I really just have things to do." I replied.

"I think we get the hint. Us forty year old ladies just aren't as much fun to talk with as those college girls you like." Theresa said. 

"Well..." I started to reply.

"Speak for yourself Theresa, I'm every bit as interesting as college girls these days." Lori said cutting me off from finishing my sentence. 

"Well, I am too. I mean of the two of us, I'm the one going to give a male stipper a lap dance." Theresa said to Lori. 

"Whatever, we will see that when it happens." Lori replied back to Theresa. 

"It will happen." Theresa continued to stand her ground. 

"Would you want Theresa to give you a lap dance?" Lori suddenly asked looking right at me. 

"Who? Me?" I asked looking around and saw all eyes looking at me, especially Theresa's. 

"Yes, of course you. Would you want Theresa to give you a lap dance?" Lori asked again. 

"Uh, well, I. A lap dance?" I asked as my mind raced trying to figure out how to answer that question. 

"Ok, relax. Deep breath. Let's say you had the choice between one of your college girl friends and Theresa, who would you want a lap dance from?" Lori asked. 

Once again, all eyes were on me. Theresa seemed to really be wanting to hear my answer. I'm not sure if it was because she wanted to know if I found her attractive or if it was her just hoping to show up Lori. 

"Definitely Theresa. I can tell she has some dance moves that would blow away any of these college girls." I answered.

"See there. He knows what he is talking about." Theresa proudly proclaimed. 

"And on that note, I am off to do other things." I told the ladies. 

I left the kitchen and went down to my bedroom which was located in a large walkout basement. My parents lived on the side of a hill and finished out the walkout basement. It made for a great entertaining area. It was a large space that had a TV room and then a separate bedroom. The TV room had multiple couches and a pool table. 

I had been down stairs a while watching TV when I heard footsteps coming down the stairs. It was my aunt, Theresa, and one of my aunts friends. They came down to see about using the space for a get together. 

I mostly ignored them as the went out a sliding glass door which lead to a pool. They stayed outside and talked for a while. I kept staring at Theresa. I watched her walk in that dress and those heels. I knew earlier that her dress was short but I didn't realize until now exactly how short it was. I found myself getting very turned on. I thought about her giving a lap dance and how sexy it would be. 

Just as I was completely into a sexy daydream about Theresa giving me a lap dance, they turned and walked back into the TV room. I quickly grabbed a pillow and covered up my erection. 

I knew they had to have known since the pillow I grabbed was smaller and placed right at my crotch area. 

"Everything ok?" My aunt asked. 

"Oh yeah, all is good." I replied trying to look only at the TV. 

My aunt and her friend headed to the stairs to leave. Theresa was behind them. Theresa paused and looked at something in the floor a few feet away from my on the couch. She then reached down to pick something up. My eyes watched her legs in her dress and heels as she leaned down to grab it. 

"Someone dropped a button" Theresa said as se reached down to pick it up. 

"Really?" I said. That was the best I could come up since I wasn't sure what she said since I was so into looking at her legs. 

"Yes." Theresa said looking back at me and catching me looking at her legs. 

"Maybe it's mine, I don't know." I replied. 

Theresa stepped toward me and handed me the button. When I reached out to grab it, the pillow dropped. I quickly sat up on the couch trying to hide my erection. 

I know Theresa saw but she didn't say anything. She just kept casual and looked around the room. My aunt and her friend had gone upstairs and it was just us two. 

"This is a great room for entertaining." Theresa said. 

"Yes, I've hosted a party or two down here." I replied. 

"I bet you have." Theresa said smiling. 

"Nothing that wild, just fun." I told her. "I mean, no lap dances or anything."

"Ha, good one. I guess I had that one coming." Theresa said back to me while she slowly walked around the room. 

"Yes, you walked into that one. Just be happy Lori isn't down here or she would be daring you to do one right now." I told her. 

"Oh my gosh, I can't believe it went that far." Theresa said. 

"So you are all talk, not really going to do the lap dance?" I asked. 

"I don't know. I will admit, I'm nervous about the idea." Theresa said walking back toward me.

"I'm sure you will do fine." I told Theresa. 

"Well, it's not like I have a ton of lap dance experience. Honestly I'm not ever sure what all I would need to do." Theresa said as she stoped right in front of me. 

"You should practice." I told her. 

"Practice? What do you mean? When am I supposed to practice." Theresa asked. 

"Just anytime. I'm sure your husband would love to help you practice." I told her. 

"I'm sure he would but it just wouldn't be the same." Theresa said still looking down at me. 

"Why don't you practice now." I told her. 

"Now?" Theresa said with a puzzled look on her face. 

"Yes, now. With me. I'll help you." I told her. 

There was a moment of silience before she answered. I could see her thinking on it. 

"I can't. I mean everyone is upstairs. You are my friends son. I just can't." Theresa said but still stood right in front of me. 

"Yes you can. I'll help you with it. We will just have fun. If anyone opens the door we will hear them and stop immediately. It will be fun. You can practice without the pressure of anyone watching or having to go further than you want with it." I explained to her. 

"I just don't know. I don't know if this is a good idea." Theresa said. 

"You need help, right?" I asked. 

"Yes, I do need help but maybe this isn't the best time and place." Theresa explained looking around the room but still standing right in front of me. 

I leaned over to the sofa table next to the couch and grabbed the stereo remote control. I then turned on some music. 

"We are just having fun." I told Theresa as I grabbed her hand. 

"Alright. I'll try out some dance moves but that's all." Theresa told me. 

Theresa started dancing a little to the music in front of me. I had my legs spread and she was between them. She started off facing me and swaying her hips to the music. 

"What do you think?" Theresa asked as she continued to dance. 

"You got some moves." I told her. 

"Not to bad for a forty year old, huh." She said as she grabbed her dress and pulled it up and inch or two teasing me. 

Theresa turned around and continued to dance. While her back was facing me she squatted and then rose in a seductive way showing off her ass. 

"You like the view?" Theresa said over her shoulder as danced with her ass in my face. 

"Yes I do." I replied. 

Theresa then bent at her waist with her legs spread. The back of her dress rose up on her ass. The bottom of her dress stopped at her ass checks. She then lowered down squatting on the floor. Theresa again rose up showing off her ass. 

"So you think I have it down?" Theresa said as she turned to face me. 

"You are doing great. You have some great moves. You know this is a lap dance though. Right?" I asked her. 

"I know it's a lap dance." Theresa said as she turned back around facing away from me still dancing. 

"Ok, just making sure." I said.

Theresa danced for a moment or two and then turned back to face me. "Ok, so what else do I need to be doing in a lap dance?"

"Well, a lap dance usually involves more body contact. It also involves you being on my lap, thus the term lap dance." I joked. 

"Ok, so I need to just get on your lap?" Theresa asked as she slowed down her dancing. 

"So far, you are doing great. We just need to bring it up a level. There are a few moves you can try that will help." I told her as I reached out and grabbed the back of her leg.

"Umm, I don't know about this. Maybe we should stop." Theresa said.

"No, we are ok, I'm just going to give you a quick tip or two. That's it." I told her.

"Ok, what should I try?" Theresa asked. 

"When you did that squatting move, instead of going to the ground squatting, squat on my lap." I told her. 

"Ok." Theresa said as she turned away from me. 

Theresa danced for a moment moving her ass in front of me and then squatted her ass down on me. Her dress went up and her ass landed right on my erection which I know she felt because I was only wearing a pair of gym shorts. Her ass slid all the way down my hard cock. She stopped at the bottom and placed her hands on my thighs. 

"Was that right?" She asked looking over her shoulder.

"Yes, you got it." I told her as I grabbed her waist and pulled her back on me. "Now, from the position just start dancing."

"Got it." Theresa said and she laid back on me, her ass moving back and forth on my hard cock. 

I moved my hands from her hips to her inner thighs. Her dress was up around her waist. I could feel she was wearing pantyhose under the dress. I leaned in and kissed her neck. Her hands went up to my neck. She continued to dance on me as I kept kissing her neck and my hands moving up her thighs. 

"Your doing great Theresa!" I told her as my hands reached her pussy. I could feel how wet she was through her pantyhose. She wasn't wearing any panties. 

"Oh god." Theresa said as I started to rub her pussy while she danced laying back on me with her ass moving on my hard cock. 

"Wait, hold on." Theresa said she sat up but still on my lap. "Ok, I don't want to go too far." 

Theresa hesitated but then got off me and stood up. She straightened out her dress. I could tell she was very turned on but conflicted. 

"You are doing great." I told her. 

"Thank you, but I have to stop. I should never have let things get this far. I'm so sorry." Theresa said. 

"It's ok, you are doing great. We don't need to stop. This is nothing. Just some flirting. I promise you that you are not going too far. Let's keep at it." I told her as I reached forward and grabbed her leg pulling her to me. "Besides, you still need to work and the next move." 

"I know, I just don't want this to get carried away." Theresa said. 

"You need to be ready for that male stripper, right?" I told her. 

"Yes I do." Theresa answered. "But I just imagined it as the stripper being someone I didn't know, not my friends son."

"I understand. We need the environment to be more authentic. How about this. Go turn down the lights so it's darker in here."

Theresa walked over and dimmed the light. "This helps, but I think a male stripper would also be wearing less than you." 

"Gotcha." I said as I took off my shirt so that I was only wearing a pair of gym shorts. "How is this?" 

"Well, yes we are more like the real thing, but if we continue, I don't want to strip down completely." Theresa explained. 

"Oh, ok. I understand. How about this, your pantyhose stay on." I told her as I reached forward and pulled her on to me. "Now let's get back to the lap dance."

"Pantyhose stay on? You promise?" Theresa asked. 

"Yes, it's just fun." I told her as I pulled her close to me. 

Theresa fell on me and I reached around and grabed her ass. 

"Ok, now what?" Theresa asked. 

"Pull your knees up on my sides so you straddle me." I told her as I helped her get both knees on the couch with her straddling me. Her dress rode up to her waist. "Ok now just dance with the music." 

"Like this?" Theresa asked as she started moving music. 

"Yes, you are getting it." I told her as I grabbed her ass checks and helped her move on top of me. 

I was so hard and she started rubbing her pussy aginst my cock. Only my gym shorts and her pantyhose separated us. She leaned in and kissed my neck. We we basically dry humping. 

"Hold on just one second." I told her as I reached down and started to pull down my shorts. 

"What are you doing?" Theresa said looking down at me. 

"I'm just pulling my shorts off." I told her as I had them completely removed. 

"You are not wearing any underwear!" Theresa said in a panic. 

"You didn't know that?" I told her.

"No." Theresa said. 

"You couldn't feel it?" I asked. 

"No., but I can now!" Theresa said as she started to dance again. 

"Are you ready to try something?" I asked. 

"Yes!" Theresa replied as she sat in my lap facing me. My hard cock between us. I could feel her pantyhose touching my cock. 

"Ok, I want you to do a cameltoe slide." I told her. 

"What is that?" She asked. 

"I'll show you. Move your body like this." I said as I moved her hips back and forth so her pussy slid up and down my hard cock. 

"Oh fuck, this feels good. Do I have it right." She asked as she got into the movement.

"You got it. Just keep moving on me like this. The idea is for your pussy to slide up and down on me in a teasing motion. But I never enter you." I told her. 

I reached around Theresa and unzipped the back of her dress. "You want this off?" Theresa asked. 

"Yes, it will help." I told her as I had it completely unzipped. 

Theresa helped me pull off her dress. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were perfect. She was now on my wearing only her black pantyhose and black five inch heels.
