  Chapter 4: M.I.L.F. 

As Lily opens the door wider to allow her mom entrance, my eyes gape at how stunning of a woman she is. She was a few inches taller than Lily and definitely had a fuller figure. She strutted into the room and set her purse down on the counter top. I caught myself staring at her nice firm ass, and averted my eyes back to the television.

"So, what brings you by mom?" I heard Lily ask.

Her mom glances my way and then replies to Lily, "Oh I'm just out and about. Thought I'd come by and see how my lil girl was doing. Who is this handsome young man?"

"Oh I'm sorry, mom this is Billy and Billy this is my mom," Lily says as I stand up to shake her mom's hand. She accepts the handshake, and it's gentle yet firm. Her skin felt like silk to the touch.

She smiled brightly, "Well nice to meet you Billy and you can just call me Jessica."

"It's nice to meet you too, Jessica. I can see where your daughter gets her beauty," I say, eliciting a smile from her and a sly grin from Lily.

"So what have you two kids been up to?" she asks plopping down on the sofa a couple of feet away from me.

Lily came over and sat between us and replied, "Nothing much, just playin some video games."

"You and those damn video games," she said laughing a bit, "you never could get enough of them."

Lily's phone began to ring and she went to answer it, "Hello." There was a brief pause, "Yea I can come in for a bit." Another pause, "Ok I'll be there in like twenty minutes," she hung up the phone and turned to us, "I've got to go into work for a little bit, some kind of meeting or something. You don't mind hanging out with Billy for a bit, do you mom?"

Jessica gave me a once over and replied, "I think I can manage, we can watch a movie or something."

"You don't mind, do you Billy?" I shook my head and went back to watching tv, "Alright, well I'll be back in about an hour or so. Don't have too much fun without me." She grabs her purse and runs over to me, giving me a deep kiss. She waves at her mom as she closes the door behind her.

I look over at the curvaceous Jessica and ask, "So what movie you wanna watch?" I take in all of her sexiness and think that she couldn't be more than forty. The fabric of her shirt went taught between her full firm breasts. She also wore a thigh high mini skirt, which showed off her shapely legs.

"Well I didn't really plan on watching a movie," she replied slyly.

I grinned and looked back, "So what did you have in mind?" She reached over at this question and began rubbing the outside of my pants. My cock began to stir at her touch and slowly began to stiffen. "Oh, now I see," I say to her sarcastically. I scoot closer to her and run my hand up her thigh.

She pulls back at this and says, "Oh no, don't do that you naughty boy. Did Lily ever tell you what I do for a living?"

"No," I say slightly confused.

"I'm a middle school teacher, and I just came from work. So, I'm going to teach you a little something today," she says standing up and walking over to the radio. She turns it to an oldies station, where oddly enough, it's playing 'Hot for Teacher'. She begins swaying to the music and comes over to me. She kneels in front of me and begins undoing my belt and zipper. I go to run my fingers through her hair. She jerks back, "No no no, hands behind your back mister. There will be no touching, you just sit back and relax."

"Yes ma'am," I sit back putting my hands behind my back.

She glares at me, "Don't call me ma'am, please. Call me Ms. Caplin."

"Yes Ms. Caplin," I said obediently.

"Good boy," she said as she finished undoing my pants. She sticks her hand into the front of my pants and pulls out my now full erect cock. She begins stroking it slowly, "My, my, don't we have a large dick! No wonder my daughter likes you so much." Stroking it for moments more, she finally begins licking the tip. Wrapping her lips around the tip, she raked her teeth gently over the head.

I writhe, moaning slightly, "Oh shit! That's amazing"

"Naughty boy, there's no cursing in her," she says smacking me on the thigh.

"I'm sorry Ms. Caplin," I replied thinking how awesome this would've been had I still been in school and had her as my teacher. She began to take more and more of my length into her mouth, until I could feel the back of her throat. Holding there for a few moments, she gagged and pulled it out.

"Mmm...you are yummy," she said as she continued to stroke my shaft. She started bobbing up and down on my cock, while squeezing my testicles firmly. She was definitely a pro, and perhaps even better than her daughter. Faster and faster, she sucked and licked. My body began to tense up and I think she could feel it, because she began sucking harder and stroking as she bobbed.

"I'm coming," I groan as I began shooting my hot load into her mouth. She swallowed it graciously and squeezed out every last drop as she did.

"Well that was delicious. Now I hope you can stay hard a little while longer for me," she said as she stood up and began to strip off her clothing.

I nodded, "For you Ms. Caplin, anything."

"That's what I thought. You're such a good boy," she said as she pulled off her top and revealed her luscious breasts. I had a feeling that she was wearing a bra. She had to be at least a large C or small D. I followed in her footsteps and began stripping myself. I was sure she would reprimand me for this, but none came. She pulled up her mini and slid off her thong. Then without warning she put them over my head and said, "Breath it in lover boy, while I fuck your brains out."

"No problem Ms. Caplin," I said smelling her musk. She climbs up on the couch and hovers over my cock that recovered quite quickly. She slowly lowers down onto my thickness.

"Oh my god," she remarks as she takes me in all the way to the hilt. She rocks her pelvis, grinding into me as she does. "I needed this," she gasps, beginning to move up and down my length. I lean forward as she does and take one of her nipples into my mouth, instantly making it hard. While doing so, I begin twisting and teasing her other nipple with my thumb and index finger. She moans loudly and begins moving faster on top of me. Taking the cue I grab a hold of her by the hips and start to thrust up into her. "Yes!" she screams.

I thrust harder, making her breasts bounce up and down. I can feel her warm, wet walls begin to squeeze around my cock. She began to buck as her orgasm rocked her body. She collapsed over me breathing heavily. "Done already?" I asked.

"No but I never had one come on that quick," she replied still spasming slightly. I grinned and decided what the hell. I put my arms under her knees, while still inside her, and picked her up. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Quite Ms. Caplin," it was my turn to take control. I carry her over to the barest wall in the living room and pinned her against it, forcefully yet gently. She grinned, "Yes sir." I enjoyed her calling me that. I began pumping into her fast and hard. She screamed and buried her face into my neck, holding on tightly. I pumped into her harder, knocking pictures off the wall in the process.

"I'm about to cum, cum with me!" I groan. I could already feel her tightening around me. She starts to squeal as I blow my hot cum into her already soaking wet pussy. I stand there for a few moments more, starting to feel weak in my knees. I unlock my arms from her legs and let her down slowly. She collapses to the floor and sits there for a little while as I go and start putting my clothes back on.

She smiles at me and says, "I may just have to steal you away from Lily, that was the best fuck I've ever had." She stands up and pulls her mini skirt back down. I start to hand her back her thong, but she waves it away, "You keep it, as a memento."

I tuck it away into my pocket, smiling back at her, "Thanks." She puts her top back on and straightened herself up. Just as she was the door began to open.

"Hey, I'm back. Ya'll miss me?" Lily asks with a big smile.

"Of course we did dear, but unfortunately I've got to be going. I have a lot of test papers to grade," she says as she picks up her purse and heads towards the door. She gives Lily a big hug and kisses her on the cheek. "Thanks for hanging out with me cutie," she says winking at me, "This one's a keeper. Well love ya sweetheart and I'll talk to ya later." She leaves closing the door behind.

Lily looks at me and says, "What's up with cutie thing?"

"Nothing, we just had a good long talk while you were gone," I replied leaning back in my seat, unaware that the thong was sticking out of my pocket slightly.

"Oh really, a talk," she walks over and plops down next to me, and pulls it out of my pocket. "You sure it wasn't anything more?" she smiles at me.

My head droops, "I'm sorry."

Lily straddles me and kisses me deeply, then says, "It's all good, baby. That lady needed some dick." I looked at her curiously. "She hasn't been with anyone in like five years or more. She really needed to get laid, and I'm just glad she got that big stick of yours," she says as she starts to kiss me again.

"Well, I'm glad I could help then," I said as I grabbed her ass and squeezed. We sat and made out on the couch for quite awhile before I came up for air and asked, "So you still remember our wager from earlier, right?"

She smiled brightly, "Of course I do. I texted Lacey on the way back and she said she was game for it."

I grinned and thought to myself, 'Best weekend ever!'