 Lily turns on the television and pops in Halo: Reach. The system boots up and logs her into xbox live. Looking at the screen I was shocked at her gamertag, "Wait, you're dancerofdoom88?"

"Yep, and I'm guessin from your shocked expression that we're friends online," she replied.

"We sure are, and I'm likin ya more and more," I kick back and turn on my controller. She sits back down and gets to the edge of her seat. "You're pretty hardcore, huh?" I asked.

"Well let's just say, you're about to get schooled," she replies with a grin and looks back at the screen. The game loads up and she sets it up on a slayer match. "You ready bitch?" she asked in silly tone.

"Let's do this," I replied creeping up to the edge of the coach. The match begins and we both go to it hard and fast. The match goes on for about four minutes, which is rare due to the fact most games last seven to ten minutes. That is depending on the quality of the players of course. My final score was twenty-three kills, but her score was the winning total; twenty-five.

"Wow, you did much better than I thought you would," she giggles.

"Yeah, that was probably my best game ever!" I replied setting down the controller. "I have an idea, why don't we up the stakes a bit," I said giving her a nudge.

"Oh yeah, what do you have in mind?" she asked.

I stood up and led her behind the coach, "How about we fuck while playing a team swat match."

Before I could even finish telling her my idea, she began stripping off her clothes. "I want to raise the stakes too. We have to wear mics while we're doing it," she says skipping around the couch butt naked to get the controllers and headsets. I take off all my clothes as she does this and stand patiently. "I don't think you can handle it, so I wanna make a bet," she says as she begins rubbing her clit, "I win you're my sex slave for the night and if you win..."

"I want a threesome with you and that sexy roommate of you," I quickly state, without the slightest bit of hesitation.

"Deal!" she says trotting around the couch with controllers and mics in hand. She kneels down in front of me and begins stroking my semi hard cock and sucking on my balls. "Set up the match," she says as she pauses from getting me solid.

"Yup, and don't do that too long cause it's looking for a match now," I said putting on my headset and plugging it into the controller. She stands up and does the same.

She switches both headsets on and bends over the back of the couch spreading her legs about shoulder width apart, and then purrs into the microphone, "Hurry baby and put it in before the match starts."

Voices start mumbling in their ear pieces, 'Is someone about to start having sex,' 'She sounds hot, are you hot?' We both grin as I slide my thick rod into her warm slit, "Oh god," she moans breathy into the mic. 'She's about to get boned,' 'This is gonna really distract me from my game,' the other gamers said.

The match begins and I start to thrust into her slowly at first but picking up the pace with my first two kills. She takes a moment to adjust and gets killed by an opposing team member in the process, "Shit, that feels so good baby." She headshots a guy from her next spawn point, mainly due to him standing still. I start slamming her pussy hard slapping my balls against her swollen clit.

"This is awesome, you guys should try it," I groan into the mic. I pause for a moment to play with her tits. I already had a five point lead on her, and now I wanted to keep it by distracting her.

Twisting her nipple she moans, "You cheating...asshole...Holy shit!" In her moment of ecstasy, she gets assassinated. "Fuck!" she screams.

"You're losing," I rub in as I continue bottoming out inside of her. I earn a triple kill ending the game, with our team winning.

"Best two out of three, that nipple tweak wasn't fair," she says in gasping moans.

I pull out and run around to sit on the couch, "That's fine but you get to ride me this time." She follows in stride and straddles my hard, slick from her juices, cock. She starts riding me while the game looks for a match.

"Might as well get you closer to coming before the match starts," she says slamming down on my dick faster and faster.

I fondle one of her breasts, and pinch her clit between my fingers, "Who's cheating now?"

The game begins and she slows to a steady rhythm. I begin thrusting up into her as we run around in game popping off head shots. She moans loudly into the mic, "Oh fuck, we might have to quit this game...so you can just fuck me!" The other players cheer at the mention of sex.

"That isn't gonna happen," I pounded into her a little faster, pausing from playing long enough to rub her clit furiously. She moans hard, dropping her controller.

'Fuck the hell out of her dude,' 'Give it to her hard,' all the other players slowed their playing just to listen and cheer us on. 'This is the best game ever,' one player on the other team stated. This gave her more incentive to ride my rod even faster.

"Oh shit...oh shit...OH FUCK!" she screamed as she climaxed, clamping her warm and moist slit around my cock. As she does so, I gain two more kills to win the game.

I back out of matchmaking and throw the controller to the side. I place both arms behind her knees and pick her up. I stand and adjust for just a moment, and then I begin slamming her down on my dick. After ten more minutes or so, I felt an explosion coming on, "I'm...about...to cum."

"I am too," she groans as her pussy begins to tighten. I thrust upwards a few more times and pull out as gobs of warm jizz spurt out and splatter on the table. She rubs her clit hard finishing her own orgasm.

We both fall to the couch panting and sighing. "I think it just keeps getting better each time we do it," I tell her kissing her neck and wrapping my arms around her waist.

She leans her head back to kiss me on my lips, "I think so too." About that moment, a knock comes at the door.

"Honey, are you home? Its mom," the voice outside said.

"Oh shit, get dressed quick," Lily exclaims.

I jump up throwing on my clothes real quick, "Is it ok that I'm here?"

"No, I mean yeah its fine. It's just I don't like her seeing me with a guy like this," she tells me. She throws a towel on the floor where my spunk landed and went to the door. "You look good, how do I look?" she asked.

"Sexy," I smile coyly, "and remember, I won."

She stuck her tongue out at me and smiled. Turning around she opened the door, "Hi mom! Come in."