 I decided rather than go straight to playing video games that I might need to get a shower. So getting up, I gather all of my clothing and head to find the bathroom. I open one door and realize that she must have a roommate. 'I hope it's not the bouncer,' I chuckled to myself. Finding the bathroom with the next door I open, I strip off my boxers and hop in. The water was only luke warm but getting hotter so I wasn't complaining.

As I was soaping up, I hear the door to the bathroom open. "Hey I just need to brush my teeth, that cool?" I hear a feminine voice say.

I pop my head out of the curtain, "That's fine with me."

Turning red with embarrassment she replies, "Oh my goodness, I didn't know Lily had a guy over last night. I'm Lacey." She extended a hand to me and I accepted it, letting the curtain open a little by accident.

Smiling brightly, completely aware of what I was showing off, I replied, "I'm Billy, nice to meet ya." She eyes me over, noticing my member and letting her gaze linger a bit. "Like what ya see," I say to her playfully, catching her off guard.

"Umm...yeah I do actually," she said, "but I'm gonna let you finish showering and then I'll talk to ya afterwards." She walked out of the bathroom and I finished rinsing off. Stepping out of the shower I hear voices coming from the living room. "Did you bring him home from the club?" I heard Lacey say.

"Yup, sure did. He's pretty hot huh?" Lily replied nonchalantly.

"How do you know he's not a criminal or a murderer or something? I mean you left him home alone in our apartment not knowing anything about him," Lacey said with a little bit of agitation in her voice.

"Well he was playing D.D. for a couple of buddies, so I don't think he's a bad guy. Plus I just felt something click with him. He's a fellow gamer," Lily said to try and put Lacey at ease.

I open the door which startles both of them, "Don't worry, I'm not a criminal or anything. I work in a factory and play games in my spare time. Last night was one of the very few times I've even left my house in several months."

Lacey's slumped at ease, "Well I guess that's ok, but it still doesn't make me feel better about her leaving you here alone."

"He looked so cute sleeping there, I didn't wanna wake him," Lily said winking at me and licking her lips.

"Trust me I just had gotten up and in the shower when you got home," I say as I sit down in the closest chair putting my shoes on. "But it's cool, I'll call one of my buds and he'll come pick me up if I need to leave," pulling out my cell phone I begin looking for a phone number.

Lacey steps in front of me and puts a hand on my phone, "There's no need for that, if Lily feels safe with you, I should too."

"Yay!" Lily squeals and then plops down in my lap, laying a big wet kiss on me. "I've got breakfast for you both in the kitchen, and I'm goin to go take a shower. Don't have too much fun when I'm out of the room," she winks and skips off to the bathroom.

I get up out of the comfy recliner and walk to the kitchenette and open the bag from a local café. There were biscuits and donuts, 'Breakfast of champs,' I thought to myself. "You want one Lacey, ladies get to pick first," I offer the bag to her, getting my first real eyeful of her yet. She was a few inches taller than Lily, what a perfect name for her. She had jet black hair, jade green eyes and milky white skin. Her breast were at least a 32c, larger than Lily's but not by much. She was wearing a nurse's uniform, so she had to work at the local hospital or was still in school.

"It's cool you go ahead, I had some breakfast when I left work. So I guess Lily's pretty enthralled by you, huh?" she asks sizing me up.

"Yeah, I guess so. It was quite unexpected really, but somehow we just clicked," I say as I start to eat a donut. She walks closer to me and shoves a hand down the front of my pants.

"I guess it didn't have anything to do with what you're packin' huh?" I choke on a bite of the donut as she says this. 'Wow, what have I been doing so good lately?' I think to myself.

"That might have something to do with it," I reply after finally swallowing my bite and then taking another.

"Well then let's just see how good it is," she said as she lowered to her knees and began undoing my pants.

"Whoa, won't Lily get mad?" I asked.

She grins up at me as she continues slides the zipper down, "Nah, we share a lot of things around here. As long as she knows I'm doing it," she says as she pulls my pants down around my ankles.

"And does she?" I asked still in awe of what was happening.

"She will soon," she replies as she yanks down my boxers revealing the beast underneath. She takes it in her hands and begins stroking it, "This is the biggest I've ever seen."

'Déjà vu,' I thought. "I get that a lot," I chuckled and sighed. She wrapped her lips around the head of my cock as she stroked the shaft with her right hand and cradled my balls with her left. She must've enjoyed giving head because she was a pretty good at it. As she began taking the length of my erection into her throat I hear the shower shut off and the door open.

"Ahh...you started the fun without me. Well ya'll finish up while I get dressed. I want to see what he's got at Halo," she smiled and trotted off to her room. I sighed with relief and looked down to see Lacey's head bobbing on my cock a little faster. She was taking the whole length down her throat. She squeezed my balls and I could almost feel an orgasm coming on. She sucked harder and faster, and I grabbed the back of her head to let her know I was about to come. She took the queue and pulled my cock out of her mouth to the tip and stroked hard and fast. I couldn't contain myself any longer and shot a warm wad into the back of her throat. She massaged my dick, milking every last drop from my rod.

"Nice and salty, just the way I like it," she says as she gulps down the remainder of my seed. Standing up she pulls off her scrub pants and boy shorts and bends over the counter, "You don't have to eat me out, just fuck me. I'm soaked and I need that cock." My erection was already back at attention. I walk up behind her and slid the tip in and she moaned.

"Wow, you're really tight," I said to her as I slowly began to push my girth into her.

"Told you...ungh...I've never had...ahh...this big before," she gasps as I push all the way to the hilt. I began thrusting slowly into her, allowing her body to adjust to my size. "No time to wait, cowboy, I got to get to work soon. I'm working the afternoon shift. Pound that pussy," she commanded vehemently.

I complied and began pounding into her fast and hard. I grabbed her hips to help keep myself steady as I went. About the time I was getting a good rhythm, in walks Lily, "Feels pretty damn good doesn't? I don't think I've ever seen her let someone fuck her so quick before."

I grinned at Lily and continue pounding away, feeling myself getting ready to burst. "Now don't you come before me, I won't allow it...Oh my god!" she screams as I slam deep inside her tight pussy.

"I can...ughh...hold it for...ughh...a little while longer," I reply in grunted breaths. Lily walks over and bends down underneath me and begins fondling my balls. "Oh fuck!" I exclaimed as she sucked them into her mouth and rubbed furiously on Lacey's swollen clit.

"I'm...almost...there!" squealed Lacey

"Me too!" I reply

"NOW!" she screams as her pussy clamps down around my extremely hard rod and I blow my load hard against her cervix. We both huff and puff as I fall over her to relax for a moment, as both or climaxes begin to subside. I play with her tits for a moment to get a good feel of them, since I hadn't during the course of my kitchen counter excursion. "That was awesome! No wonder you like this guy. I hope he gets to stick around for awhile," she says as I pull out of her and back up. She slides her boy shorts back on and pulls up her scrub pants, "Well back to work I go. Thanks for speeding us both up Lily," she said bending down and giving her a quick kiss on the lips.

"No prob, babe," Lily replied. Lacey picks up her purse and nurses badge off the table next to the front door and winks at me as she leaves.

"I like your roommate," I told Lily with a sly grin on my face. I help her get up and then follow her back into the living room. As we both sit down and cuddle up on the couch I ask, "So your name's Lily, huh?"

She grins and nods, "Yep, now let's see what kinda skills you got at an fps." She picks up a controller and turns on her xbox.

'This girl is amazing, I think I may be in love,' I pick up the other controller and wait for the game to begin.