 My names Candace, Candy to my friends and I am fifty-two years old. I've been married for twenty-five years to Ron who is six years older than me. For the whole time, we've known each other our sex-life has been fantastic and Ron has taken care of all of my needs. That's not surprising given that he is very well endowed in the trouser department. He has a length of eight and a half inches and a girth of a fraction over six and half which is a little greater at the base of his large fat head. Of late, and especially following some recent medical issues, my libido has dulled a little and I am finding that I don't require or seek as much attention as I did in the past. We've both enjoyed a healthy sexual appetite, five or six times a week being our average playing time and Ron still maintains that level of want and desire. I felt that I have been depriving him of what he would like and what I believe he deserves.

I decided to confront the issue head on and mentioned it to him in bed one evening. I told him that when I am in the mood and we get intimate he still makes me tingle and feel how I used to. It was at other times that I felt I was letting him down. He tried to gloss over the issue but I wouldn't let it rest. I told him that he had to listen to me and that I had a plan and after summoning up a little pluck I informed him of my suggestion.

I told him that I felt it was important for him to be getting enough sex and that my idea was for him to take on other women. He seemed a little dismissive of the idea at first until I had the opportunity to explain things further. I told him that I would know who the other women were and that I wanted to watch as he took them. I could see that he was surprised by my suggestion but he wasn't completely against it. He seemed even more keen when I explained that I wanted them to be young ladies between the ages of eighteen and twenty-six, the age that he gave me my first introduction to his manhood. He was intrigued and wanted to know more.

I told him that I had been thinking about it for a little while and what I intended to do was to advertise, in the right places, his availability to introduce young wives and possibly daughters to the delights of the larger man whilst servicing them. Husbands / Boyfriends and Mothers would be encouraged to join me to watch. He wasn't sure it would work but he was quite eager to give it a go. 

Emboldened by his attitude I explored possible internet sites and advertised his availability on two. I was a little disappointed after two weeks with no response and was wondering if Ron's assumption was correct. Then I received a communication from a guy called Edward showing an interest in my proposition. He is a thirty-six-year-old businessman with a younger twenty-five-year-old wife. After some busy emailing and texting I was at last able to inform Ron that I had made arrangements for him to meet his first young lady.

Ron and I were both excited as we waited in the bar at lunchtime for Ed and Louise to join us. Eventually they came in and I immediately recognised them from the photos we'd exchanged on the internet. I introduced them to Ron and him to them, his eyes were working all over Louise from head to toe and I could tell from the glint in his eye that he was pleased with my choice. We were in a quiet corner and there was plenty of scope for us to be able to talk openly and frankly. Ed informed us he wasn't a cuckold but had promised his wife that she could try a well-endowed guy, as it was one of her fantasies, so long as he could watch. Louise had had the fantasy since seeing some porn involving a large white guy two or three years ago. After chatting for a while Ed and Louise invited us back to their place and he drove us all, as we'd left our car at home and had used a cab. I sat upfront with Ed and Louise and Ron sat in the back.

When we arrived at theirs we made our way into the house and Ron was already holding Louise's hand, a good sign I thought. We went into the sitting room and I sat on a lounge chair opposite Ron and Louise who were on the sofa. We all had a drink before Ed asked when the entertainment was going to start. It was a rather no-nonsense comment but it seemed to have the right effect as shortly after and with no further encouragement Ron and Louise began snogging each other. They soon appeared to be kissing with full tongues and Ron was taking the opportunity to squeeze her boobs through the material of her dress.

I could see him whispering something into Louise's ear just before she stood up. She stood in front of him and slowly lowered the zipper on the back of her dress before peeling it off lowering it down her body and onto the floor. Ed and I could only see the back of her as we were both sitting opposite. I could see the red and black strap of a bra stretched across her back, the black string of a thong around her waist and disappearing between two rounded firm butt cheeks. She was also wearing a pair of black hold ups and black and red shoes. She leaned forwards and Ron's hands skilfully snapped open the bra strap allowing it to fall forwards onto his chest and I wondered what sort of view he was getting. "Uhmm! They look as good as they felt," he said, obviously pleased with what he could see. "Nice and firm... And your nipples are already hard," he commented further as his hands massaged her orbs. "Panties next," he observed. Her thumbs hooked in the waist as her thong was lowered, sliding down to join the dress on the floor as she stepped out of them. "Oh yes very nice... I'd had an image that your pussy would be completely shaved," he said describing her, as much for me as himself. "But that's a gorgeous neat landing strip," he continued.

"My turn to see what you've got for me," she said rather excitedly. She turned and sat on the sofa and I could see that her boobs were a nice size, round and firm looking with erect pink nipples. Her pussy also looked inviting. Ron stood in front of her and divested himself of his clothing until he was left in just his black boxers. "Can I?" she said motioning towards his shorts before she tugged them down. "Oh shit! That is big!" she exclaimed. "But it's gorgeous... Ed it's better than I expected!" she went on.

"It's all yours for the afternoon," Ron informed her very casually as he sat down next to her. I suppose I'd become a little blasé about Ron's size over the years but it really hit home when I saw Louise's tiny hand circling his limp shaft as she tentatively made initial contact with his manhood, his balls also looked large as she fondled them. Her hand was gently stroking his shaft and she looked directly into Ron's face and received a big smile of approval which encouraged her to lengthen the strokes.

"You can suck it," Ed informed her.

"I know but there's no rush," she informed him quite confidently. As she rubbed him he encouraged her to spread her legs so that he could get a good look at her pussy.

"Uhmm! Very nice, lovely and pink and a little moist," he observed and she gave a little giggle. "Lovely long pussy lips," he continued as he spread her further with his hand and fingers. She lowered her head and sticking out her tongue she liberally coated his purple helmet with saliva as she licked all over him. I suddenly felt that the sex was now starting for real. She slowly took his head into her mouth and whatever she was doing was certainly to Ron's satisfaction as he moaned softly. "You've got a superb and active little tongue Louise, I love what you're doing," he informed her and she looked up at him with her mouth full. "How much shaft do you think you can take?" he questioned. 

"I don't know, probably not a lot," she answered honestly, giving a chuckle, having come off him.

"Go slow, only take what you're comfortable with," he said reassuringly. Her mouth engulfed his head once more and little by little she eased it down his shaft. She'd swallowed about half his length before she came to a halt, a really good effort and about all I could manage when I first met him, although I can take a good bit more now having had plenty of practice. She placed her hand around his girth at that point and was happy to bob up and down to that depth and seemed quite contented, as did Ron. "Squeeze up hard from the bottom of my shaft whilst sucking," he suggested. 

She followed his instructions stroking and sucking him at the same time. "Mmmm! Your pre-cum tastes great," she said having achieved what Ron had wanted.

"We'll save the real stuff till later," he said provocatively. "I want to get a taste of you now," he continued. He pushed Louise onto her back on the sofa and kneeling between her open legs he bent forwards and began licking all over her boobs and sucking on her nipples, massaging each orb in turn whilst also allowing their tongues to dance together in a kiss. Slowly his tongue traced its way down over her flat stomach before licking the insides of her thighs. It then entered her slit which he tongued up and down. Holding her slightly more open he licked then sucked on her clit.

"Uhmmm!" she moaned and her body twitched in response s her hand moved and she spread herself for him. He continued his oral ministrations and her sighing increased as she pushed her hips up fully enjoying the sensations being given to her. "Aaaaagh!" she groaned as Ron pushed his middle finger up into her love hole. 

"Ooooooh! That's a wonderfully tight little cunt and so wet," he said in response.

"She's always been tight... But will probably be less so once you've finished with her," Ed added. His comment sent a flutter of excitement through me at the thought of him stretching her hole. Ron continued to finger her as he tongued her, concentrating on her clit.

"You're going... to make... me cum... if you... carry on... like that," she spluttered breathlessly bucking her hips.

"Exactly!" I informed her.

"Aaaagh! That's naughty," she moaned.

"It's O.K. Isn't it?" he asked.

"Uh huh!" she responded positively.

"Your butt hole is extremely tight as well," he observed and I could now see that he had pushed his thumb into her anal orifice and was now fingering both of Louise's holes whilst continuing his tonguing which led to her squirming even more and moaning louder. I was really proud of Ron and it was quite a turn on to see him making a young girl writhe with pleasure as he teased and worked her perfectly. From the little grunts Ed was giving he was also enjoying watching his wife being played with and hearing her moans of satisfaction.

"I can't hold back!... I'm going to cum!" she cautioned. "Oh yes! Aaaaaaagh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she screamed as her whole body began to shake as she climaxed hard. It was an incredible sight watching another woman cum at the hands of my husband. 

"Mmmmm!... That was... terrific!" she eventually garbled as she tried to catch her breath.

"Uhmmmm! So wet and so tasty," Ron informed her.

"Is she wet enough to be fucked?" Ed queried eagerly.

"Oh yes! Wet and ready," Ron assured him before moving himself until he was kneeling between her open legs. 

"I want you Ron," she implored. He was now stroking his large head between her pussy lips and I could see it was getting coated in her juice. I took in a deep breath as he positioned himself at her entrance. "Uuugh!" she sighed as he pushed against her, his head slowly disappearing inside.

"How does it feel?" he asked considerately.

"Uhmm! It's a little strange being so stretched, but it feels good, give it to me." she responded. He responded to her request and slowly began stroking in and out feeding her a little more of his length on each inward stroke. She still had a nervous and anxious look on her face and was biting her bottom lip as he squeezed his meat up inside her. 

"You feel so deep inside me, right up in my tummy," she stated elatedly.

"That's because you've taken all of me," he informed her. "It feels terrific you're so tight," he continued.

"Mmmm! You're really stretching me," she said. The worry on her face and her apprehension seemed to disappear as Ron began fucking her properly with long slow strokes that brought a smile to her face and had her purring contentedly. Ed was completely transfixed by the sight of his wife taking Ron's big cock and was breathing in time with her moans. I was also getting a thrill from watching him doing her and was delighted to see the look of satisfaction on his face and to hear the grunts of pleasure coming from him especially each time he pushed in deep. Slowly he increased his pace and the force of his thrusting.

"He's really giving it to her now!" Ed uttered quietly towards me before returning his eyes to the action. He was right and Louise was really enjoying being fucked, pushing her hips up hard to meet the incoming thrusts. The air was full of heavy breathing, sighing, moaning and the smell of sex.

"I'm going to cum!.. I'm going to cum!.. Don't stop!" she shouted. Ron obeyed her and shafted her even harder. "Oooooooh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she screamed as she bucked wildly under him in the throes of another big orgasm. 

"Wow! Louise! That was immense!" Ed shouted over to her as she tried to regain her composure.

"It was incredible... I've never been fucked like that before... or been made to cum so hard," she gasped. 

"You enjoyed his big cock then?" I questioned rhetorically. 

"Oh! fuck yes!" she replied.

"Why don't you ride it?" Ron suggested as he rolled to one side, still up her. He ended up sitting on the sofa with her straddling him, fully impaled.

"That's so deep inside me," she observed. "It feels so good." It was a wonderful view of my husband buried in a young girl's pussy and it got even better as she began slowly sliding herself up and down on his meat. You could tell her pussy was tight and stretched as it was physically pulled outwards as she lifted herself up him. She wasn't riding hard but you could see she was determined to have him going deep on each inward stroke, which elicited a moan of satisfaction each time and she continued to ride for a little while.

"Turn around," Ron instructed and she swivelled herself until she was facing away from him and towards me and Ed. She wasn't moving up and down him now, more rocking her hips back and forth and sliding her pussy and clit against him. The look of sheer joy and pleasure on her face was a sight to behold.

"She's really enjoying him," Ed observed.

"I think we should fuck you doggy-style," Ron suggested after a short time.

"Mmmm! My favourite," she replied. 

"O.K. kneel down here... that's it," he said as she positioned herself on her knees lengthways on the sofa before he knelt behind her. "Break your back... good... face down bum up," he instructed her further. Ed and I had a clear view of them sideways on and we could see him positioning himself at her entrance.

"Uhmmm!" she moaned as we gradually saw his length disappearing inside her. She was used to his cock by now and he began to fuck her straight away setting up a steady rhythm which was causing them both to sigh and groan with pleasure. He pounded her like this for some time.

"Let's get more comfortable," he suggested and he gradually manoeuvred the two of them into spoons which gave an even better view of their copulating. After a little time he rolled her onto her tummy and continued doing her from behind. "Where do you want my cum?" he asked her.

"Spunk deep inside her," Ed instructed before she could respond. He was doing her fast and hard and her sighs were now one continuous moan.

"Ooooooh! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum"" she shouted. "Oh yes! Yes! I'm cumming! Aaaaaaaagh!" she yelled.

"Uuuuuuuuuuugh! Uuuuuuuuuuuuuugh! Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh!" he groaned at the same time and I knew he was busy pumping his seed into her as they both climaxed together.

"Wow! That was really something!" Ed said. "Could you feel him spurting inside you?"

"Mmmmmm!... He shot it so deep!... he's filled me up," Louise said. 

"Do you like tasting spunk?" I enquired.

"Uh huh!" she responded.

"Ron, feed her some," I instructed. He withdrew himself and offered up his glistening cock to her mouth. She opened up and took in his softening meat. 

"Mmmmm! Tasty!" she said after a while.

"She likes that cum cocktail, Ron's and hers," Ed added. 

With that Ron pushed two fingers into her pussy and withdrew them covered in a sticky load before giving them to her to lick. "She's licked them clean," I observed.

"Talking of cleaning why don't you show Ron the shower room and you can both get cleaned up," Ed suggested. Louise took Ron's hand and led him out of the living room.

"I think Louise enjoyed taking a big cock," I said, stating the obvious.

"I've never seen her happier. I was pleased and excited to see that she managed it. Ron gave a really good fucking."

"Uhmm! Talking of that I wouldn't trust him with Louise in a shower," I declared.

"Do you think he'd..."

"I've no doubt he'd take her again given the opportunity. Get their things together," I said and we collected our respective spouse's belongings before I indicated to Ed that we should go upstairs. He didn't wait and was soon showing me the way up.

Louise and Ron were in the wet room and we could hear their conversation, over the sound of the shower, through the slightly open door.

"Do you want me to soap your back?" Ron asked.

"That would be nice," Louise replied. ... "That's not my back!"

"No! but your boobs need washing as well." ...

"My back doesn't go as low as that," she said giggling loudly.

"I know, but your pussy's very sticky outside and in."

"Ooooooh! That's very naughty."

"You didn't object when my fingers were getting cum for you."

"Uhmmm! I'm not objecting now, push them right in, you need to clean me properly."

"You still feel tight even though you've taken me. Would you clean my cock."

"Of course. ... Wow! You're hard again."

"That's what playing with you does. ... It would be a shame to waste it."

"What do you have in mind?"

"Lean forwards. ... that's it." we heard Ron say as Ed quietly pushed the door open. They couldn't hear us for the noise of the water. I could see Ron standing behind Louise encouraging her to bend at the waist and as she did so she supported herself with her hands on the wall in front of her. "Spread your legs a bit more. ... Great." 

"Ooooh! That lovely big cock again," she said and I could tell from Ron's action that he was pushing it up her once more. He immediately began shafting her with nice long strokes and she was responding by moaning in appreciation. After a while one of his hands reached under to play with her boobs whilst the other found its way to her clit. This resulted in an increase in her sighing and the depth of her breathing. "I can't believe it, you're going to make me cum again," she said and he began slamming into her really hard. "Oh fuck yes! Yes! I'm cumming! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!" she squeeled and you could see her legs buckling as her whole body shook with the power of her orgasm.

"O.K. baby I've got you," he said as he placed both arms under her tummy to support her but he didn't stop pumping until her climax began to subside. "That was a big one."

"You can ... say that ... again," she said breathlessly. "You make me cum so gooooood!"

"Talking of cum would you like to taste some more of mine?"

"I'd love to taste and swallow your spunk." ... "Shit! I didn't know you two were there!" she said in surprise as she caught site of us as she turned round.

"Have you been watching us?" Ron said.

"Yes we've seen you giving it to Louise again. It was naughty but nice." Ed explained.

"Louise don't let us disturb you in getting a taste of Ron," I said as he turned the water off. Louise knelt in front of him and began sliding her hand up and down his erect shaft. It wasn't long before his head was fully in her mouth and she was fondling his balls.
