 I had met Ashley online and we hit it off immediately, we just seemed to have a lot in common. One thing led to another and the next thing I know we are really getting into some sexual banter. I knew that I really wanted to meet her in person and see where things went in real life. So we got to talking and realized that we lived on the opposite side of the country. I asked her if she would like to meet up in Las Vegas, since I had a conference scheduled to take place there.

Ashley thought about it and told me that she would consider going if I agreed to not actually go to the convention and just spend all seven days with her instead. It was a tough decision but I ultimately told her that she had a deal. So I reserved us a suite in one of the nicer hotels in Vegas and could not wait to get there and spend some quality time with Ashley.

When the day finally came I was excited and nervous to finally meet this woman that I had only dreamed about. I got to the hotel at a little before Ashley and got us checked in and went up to the room to get unpacked and ready for her arrival. She finally arrived and I met her in person for the very first time. It was like fireworks went off in my mind, here stood one of the most beautiful woman that I could have possibly imagined.

She came into the room and it became apparent that all of our sexual banter had really made her horny because the next thing I know she is in my arms kissing me with reckless abandon. She directs me directly to the couch in our room and has me sit down while she straddles my lap, continuing to make out with me. She then pulls back and little and tells me that apparently my friend would like to get in on the action.

So she gets down on her knees in front of me on the couch and starts to take off my pants and my boxers. I have about a six and half inch penis and it springs straight up after it has been freed from my boxers. She looks at it with lust in her eyes and tells me that I am in for one hell of an orgasm. I had received head several times, so I was not to optimistic that this would be any different than the usual blow job. But oh boy was I wrong. 

Ashley started off by spreading my legs a little bit apart and then proceeded to start bobbing up and down on my cock. She then removed her mouth from my cock and started just giving me a hand job. It was a little bit of a disappointment, because her mouth felt so great, but the next thing I know she is starting to focus on my balls putting each on in her mouth and sucking on them almost until it hurts but it feels so good. She then moves down to my taint and starts to probe the thin membrane above my prostrate with her tongue while she still gives me and hand job. I am starting to moan pretty loudly from her efforts, which is only turning her on more.

Her other hand sneaks inside of her pants and starts rubbing her clit as she moves down and starts to assault my ass with her tongue as well. Since she could see that I enjoy having my ass and taint played with she replaces her hand on my cock with her mouth and starts to deep throat me because if I am going to cum she wants to make sure that she is in the best position to catch it all and swallow it. While she is deep throat me she starts to moan on my cock and the vibrations of the moan while she is deep throating me were too much and I came hard down the back of her throat.

She continued to bob up and down on my cock, ensuring that she had milked every last drop of cum from me before pulling off and saying:

"Hi John, it is nice to finally meet you in person."

After recovering from that mind blowing blowjob I was finally able to tell Ashley:

"The feeling is mutual."

After coming down from my orgasm I grabbed Ashley and placed her on the couch and started to show her just how much I appreciated the blow job. I started by taking off her shirt and her bra and just stand there for a second to really admire just how perfect Ashley really was. I then moved to her and started to make out with her, the taste of my cum on her tongue just fuels my fire that I have to really please this woman. I then moved down to her nipples and gave them the attention they deserve by sucking on one of her nipples while caressing the other one and then trading off, making sure that both nipples get the proper oral treatment before continuing down her stomach.

By now I can already tell just how excited Ashley is and how much she wants me to continue. When I get to her waist band, I take off her pants but leave her panties and decide that I am going to tease her for a bit heighten her desires. I then start to kiss her calves and work up to her thighs. Ashley starts to whither trying to give me the hint that she really wants to me to take her to the promise land. So I finally make my way up to her pussy and I pull her panties to the side and give take a deep breath because in front of me is one of the most beautiful pussies that I have ever had the pleasure of seeing.

Her pussy looks so delicious that I cannot help myself. I dive straight in and lick her from the bottom of her pussy to the top. Ashley takes a deep breath and shutters with pleasure from the moment my tongue touched her. So I start to lick her delicious juices that are flowing freely from her pussy and I just cannot get enough of the taste that she is flowing from her. So I move up and start lapping at her clit while I start to stick a finger into her honey pot and start to finger her special spot. She really starts to thrash around in pure ecstasy and yells out as she comes all over my face. I had never been with a squirter but man, did Ashley squirt all over my face and I did my best to drinking every bit her delicious nectar.

She then confided in me that she never usually likes to be eaten out but what I just did to her was one of the best feelings that she has ever experienced. Since I could not get enough of her nectar I start to eat her pussy some more and try to lap up all of her delicious juices. I knew that she enjoyed some ass play so I moved my tongue down and started to give her a rim job while still continuing to rub her g-spot. As I continue to probe her delicious rose bud and finger her g-spot she starts to moan really loud and the next thing I know juices are starting to flow down her ass into my mouth as she screams from her second orgasm of the day.

Ashley needs a few moments to compose herself after my oral assault on her body. After calming down she looks over and sees that I am rock hard and ready to go again. So Ashley tells me to lay down, which of course I do and comes over and gets into the reverse cowgirl position. She then lowers her pussy down on to my waiting cock and sinks right down to the root. Ashley slowly starts to raise and lower herself on my cock. Her pussy just feels so good around my cock and with the view of her sexy ass right in front of me it is definitely one of the better fucks that I have received in my life. She starts to quicken her pace and tells me to play with her ass, so I start to probe her ass with my finger and she starts to rub her clit at the same time. She then goes completely still as her body starts having another orgasm. Her pussy clenches down on my cock causing me to spew my load deep into her.

After three orgasms Ashley is feeling the need to take a nap before we can continue. However, before she can take a nap she needs to clean up so I start to move when all of a sudden she just starts to back her ass up and tells me you made this mess you clean it up. So the next thing I know I have a cream filled pussy being lowered down on to my mouth and Ashley telling me to eat it until it's clean and she has had her fourth orgasm. Since her pussy is so delicious and I don't really mind the taste of my own cum, I went to town on her pussy. After several mins and several swallows of my own cum mixed with her juices she came all over my face and again and then collapsed on top of me. I rolled her off of me and carried her to the bed where I placed her down and then climbed in myself and the two of us drifted off to the sleep cuddled in each other's arms.

About 8 hours later, we woke up still holding each other. Ashley's hand started to roam in a southbound directions and wrapped itself around my morning wood. At which point she dove under the covers to start to suck on my dick while also bringing her pussy up to my face so that we could enjoy a wonderful morning 69. While she was sucking my cock I started by eating her pussy but after a while I decided to focus on her rosebud and really slobbered all over it to get it as wet as I could. Once I was satisfied that I had gotten her asshole nice and wet I told her to get off me and assume the position. 

So Ashley got down on her hand and knees and I got behind her and started to rub my dick on anal opening before slowly starting to slide my cock into her ass. The feel of my cock slipping into her ass caused her to let out a real long low moan. Once I was balls deep inside of her I waited for her to get accustomed to my cock before starting to pull out and push back in slowly. Ashley looked over her shoulder at me and told me to fuck her harder already. So I started to really slam into her and she started to meet my thrusts with vigor. I was really giving her the hardest pounding I could muster when I started to feel the a sensation in my balls and know that I cannot hold out for much longer before blowing my load deep inside of her ass. Ashley could feel my cock swell inside of her and begged me to fill her ass with my cum. At which point I could not hold back any long and I plunged forward and emptied my balls into her ass.

We both collapsed on the bed, breathing heavily from the exertion when I tell Ashley that I really need to take a shower. So I get up and start moving towards the shower when Ashley gets up and starts to follow me in. So we are in the shower starting to soap each other up and get each other squeaky clean when Ashley drops to her knees to suck on my dick to help revive it quicker. After only a few minutes I am rock hard and again and she stands up facing the shower wall she bends over and tell me to fuck her. I got up behind her and start rubbing my dick up and down her pussy a few times before I plunge my cock into her, causing her to moan. I quickly increase the rate at which I was fucking her and she starts to moan louder and louder. We continue going at it for several mins which she stands up turns around and tells me she wants me to come in her mouth. Ashley starts to suck her pussy juices of my mouth and deep throats me while massaging my balls, trying to coax my cum into her mouth. Before too long I feel my balls tighten an I come in her mouth. She continues to suck and massage my balls to ensure that she got as much cum from me as she could. She then gets off her knees and makes out with me and little did I know at first that she didn't swallow my load but wanted to share it with me. After making out with me she tells me that she thought we could both use some protein for breakfast.