 I love Las Vegas. From the moment you step off the plane, the place oozes sex. The billboards at the airport; the street vendors for the all-nude nightclubs; the cocktail waitresses in the casinos; the tourists around the pool—if you aren't horny when you arrive, you will be soon.

I was there for a convention. It wasn't my first visit, so I pretty much knew what I wanted to see and do. Actually, this visit I was going to be happy just to sit in the sun a little and relax. If I won a little money, that was a bonus.

I'm 29, six feet tall and weigh about 180, depending on how many buffets I visit that day. I'm just an average looking guy who doesn't expect to sit at the pool and have young women standing in line to have sex with me. One would do right now.

After checking in and losing my first $20 at the slots, I decided to start on my tan. I put on a pair of old, baggy trunks and a tank top, grabbed my CD player and headed for the pool. It was early enough in the day, yet, that about half the lounge chairs were still available. I took one fairly close to the bar and settled in.

Soon, a young waitress in a bright bikini top and short wrap around skirt took my order and returned a minute later with my beer. A quick look around the pool revealed the normal crowd: a few retirees; a lot of middle-aged couples, some with kids; and, a handful of younger adults, sitting mostly in pairs or small groups of the same sex. I picked out the three or four females I would want to watch more closely and put on a CD.

The sun, music and beer combined to put me asleep within about ten minutes. When I awoke to silence, I automatically reached over next to my recliner for the CD player, eyes still closed. My hand hit the top of the beer bottle and I quickly opened my eyes and looked to see if I had caught it in time before spilling the entire contents.

"Good catch," I heard a voice say.

In the next lounge chair sat a girl in her early twenties with sunglasses on, a book in one hand and a colorful drink in the other.

"Thanks," I said, assured the bottle wasn't going anywhere. Now that I was fully awake, my mind was able to focus on the golden brown body ten feet to my right. The long legs, hips, waist and arms shimmered with tanning lotion. Contrasted against the dark body was a two-piece light blue bathing suit.

"I ruin more CDs that way," I said, taking off the headphones and laying them next to the player.

"I use it as an excuse for finishing my drink quicker," she said smiling. "Don't want to spill it."

"But if I knock my beer over the waitress babe has to come back," I replied.

"Oh, of course. Should have thought of that," she said. "Should I kick it over next time?"

"Please do," I said.

She was reclining half way back in her chair, the book at her side, giving me a clear view of the adequate breasts under her top. Her stomach was flat and her legs long and lean.

She smiled at me and went back to reading. I pulled the back of my chair up so I was sitting a little more upright, mainly so I could re-check the crowd. Fortunately, my bikini-clad females were still around, some in the pool, some seated.

Soon after finishing the lukewarm beer, the waitress appeared as if on cue. She deposited refills for myself and the girl next to me.

"You happy now?" the girl asked, watching me watch the waitress walk away.

"Don't you love this place?" I asked in return.

She frowned. "So, where are the guys in thongs serving drinks?"

"Yeah, right. Keep dreaming."

She read again and I watched more people come and go. Eventually, the girl took off her sunglasses, walked to the pool and dove in. A few laps later, she climbed out gracefully and grabbed a towel on her chair. I watched her dry off, not meaning to stare but unable to look away.

"You by yourself?" she asked, drying her shoulder length hair.

"Yeah. Here for a conference. How about you?"

"I brought my parents. Kind of a thank-you for putting me through college," she said.

"That's cool."

"I haven't seen them much in the two days we've been here. It's great."

I smiled knowingly. Vacations with relatives can become disasters very easily. Again, I was staring at the tall girl, her small ass in silhouette, her green eyes and dark blonde hair.

She bent over and placed her stuff in a small beach bag. I was expecting the best part of my afternoon to walk away in a moment. However, her next question stunned me with its suddenness and genuineness.

"Want to get something to eat in a little bit?"

"Ah, sure. I'd love to," I tried to say as calmly as possible. "I didn't bring a suit. Can we make it casual?"

"That's fine with me. I'm in room 810. How about…," she looked at her watch, "five o'clock."

"Five it is. Room 810."

"See ya then," she said with a smile, and walked away.

I watched her until she disappeared inside the hotel. What just happened?, I thought to myself. Whatever it was, I liked it and my cock liked it.

I left my room at five and headed to room 810, not yet knowing the name of a cute girl I was having dinner with. It didn't matter. The door opened shortly after I knocked and my new acquaintance invited me in.

She wore a lightweight, short red dress with spaghetti straps and a plunging neckline. It clung to her body in all the appropriate places.

"It never struck me until I left today that I never introduced myself," she said sticking out her hand. "I'm Julie."

"Hi. I'm John." The feel of her hand in mine did nothing to ease the sexual tension I felt around her. And the little dress didn't help, either.

"So, where do you want to go?" she asked while picking up a small purse from the table next to the door.

"How about Café Lago at Caesar's?"

"I haven't tried that, yet. Let's go."

We talked casually on the short walk to Caesar's and, by the time we were eating, felt fairly comfortable with each other. Julie was 24, graduated from Southern Cal with a marketing degree and was considering schools for her Master's. She had had a boyfriend throughout her four years at USC, but broke it off when she found him with a sorority sister. She would think about marriage again when she had a full time job. In the meantime, she enjoyed meeting new people, which I praised her for selfishly.

It's difficult, sitting across from a lovely girl at dinner, not to be caught peering—or is it leering—at bare breasts inside a small dress. I'm pretty sure she only caught me once. It could have been worse.

On the way back, we both won modest amounts in the hotel casino. Julie played blackjack and proved to be a cautious bettor. I enjoyed seeing the broad smile on her face when she won.

After about an hour at various tables and slots she asked, "Want to stop in my room for a drink?"

"How about your parents?" I asked.

"They're down the hall from me. They won't be around anyway. I think they have a show tonight."

"OK. The casino can get my money back tomorrow," I said.

Julie let us in her room and turned on a light. She threw her purse back on the table and headed for the small refrigerator under the sink.

"Beer OK?" she asked.

"Yep." I sat on the couch in the small living area of the room. The bedroom was separated from this area by a short hallway with a bath on one side and a sink, cabinets and refrigerator on the other.

Julie returned with two beers, handing me one and putting one on the table in front of us before sitting next to me. She crossed her legs, revealing a good portion of her tanned thighs.

"Thanks for inviting me to dinner," I said. "I enjoyed it."

"You're welcome. I did too."

She reached for the TV remote and flicked it on. She scanned the channels until finding an HBO movie and put the remote down.

"How long are you going to be staying in Vegas?" I asked.

"We have two more days," Julie said. "I think I can survive."

I laughed, placing my beer on the table. "If you need a break some time, let me know."

"I might take you up on that."

We watched a few minutes of the movie in silence. Then Julie kicked off her shoes and pulled her legs up beside her, leaning over so her head rested on my shoulder. I was uncertain what to do, but instinctively put my arm around her.

Her hair was soft and thick; the skin on her arm smooth and warm. After a few more minutes she surprised me even more by moving down and resting her head in my lap.

"Do you mind?" she asked, looking up at me.

"Ah, not at all. Need a pillow?" I asked her, reaching for one by the armrest.

"No. This is fine." She lay on her side for a minute, my hand on her hip, before rolling over onto her back. Her feet were raised up on the armrest at the end of the couch.

My eyes scanned her legs from her bare feet to the bottom of her dress, which now rode far up her thighs. I followed the outline of her body under the dress until I reached her breasts, which were more than half exposed to me.

When I noticed Julie watching me, I decided it was no use hiding my desire any longer. My hand touched the tan skin between her neck and her breast and moved down until it rested on the top of her left tit. Without hesitation, I slid my fingers under the material of her dress and continued moving down until reaching her nipple. My hand cupped her breast and Julie's eyes closed.

I squeezed the nipple gently.

"Oh, that feels so good," Julie sighed.

I massaged the entire breast in my hand for a moment, then moved to her right nipple. The young girl smiled and licked her lips. Her mouth opened when I pinched the nipple, but she didn't make a sound.

Her eyes opened again when I withdrew my hand from under her dress. I placed it on the inside of her right thigh and stroked the leg down to her knee, then up again until I was a couple inches from her pussy. Again, her eyes closed, but this time she rolled her head slightly until her cheek rested on my cock, which was growing hard and straining against my boxers. She moved her head back and forth against the stiff cock while I felt my fingers touch the bottom of her panties.

I shifted my hand until it was between her legs, directly on top of her cunt. The soft material of her panties allowed me to feel her pussy lips and the warmth beginning to flow from her cunt. When I moved my fingers up between the lips and reached her clit, she moaned, "Oh, God."

Quickly, I placed my hand inside the top of her panties and reached down. At the same time, Julie lifted her ass off the couch and pulled her dress up to her hips, giving me easier access. I felt the small patch of hair above her clit, then the shaven area around her pussy. When I got to her cunt and began to insert my finger, the wetness was evident.

She arched her back to make her cunt meet my hand. I put my middle finger far into her opening and brought it up to rub against the inside of her cunt. When I pulled it back out, I placed it immediately on her engorged clit.

Julie's eyes were closed again and she breathed heavily as I ran my wet fingers back and forth over her clit. She brought a hand up and placed it on my hard cock, squeezing it through my pants. As I pressed harder on her clit and increased the tempo, she moved her hand inside her dress as I had done previously and squeezed her nipple.

"Yes, John. Right there. Oh, God, yes," she whispered.

I made long, slow passes over her pussy; stopping to insert a finger in her cunt, then back up to her clit. Meanwhile, Julie's hand worked feverishly on her breast.

"Mmmmm, yes. Keep going," she said.

My cock felt like it would explode in anticipation of hearing, seeing and feeling this beautiful young woman cum in front of me. She was trying to fuck my finger, thrusting her hips up whenever I put my hand near the opening to her cunt. But she reacted most to the attention I paid to her clit, so that's where I concentrated my efforts.

I felt her body tremble one time, then her legs stiffened before relaxing again and spreading as far as her dress allowed. A few more strokes of her clit and I knew she was close.

"Oh, oh, God," she cried. "Yes. There. Yes."

Julie's ass came off the couch and her entire body stiffened for a second, followed by a massive exhale.

"Now. I'm cumming," she screamed.

Her body began to shake uncontrollably while I worked harder on her clit. Her hips rose and fell repeatedly, as if reaching for a cock that wasn't there. Julie shook her head back and forth, striking my cock each time and bringing me damn close to my own orgasm. I watched her face contort from the extreme pleasure she was feeling and I listened to the sounds of her orgasms. No words were spoken, just sounds.

Half a dozen times her body tensed, then released with an orgasm. Her legs would alternately bend and straighten, spread and close around my hand. All the while, she moaned with satisfaction.

Finally, her body relaxed and only an occasional jerk signaled the remnants of an orgasm.

"Oh, fuck. Fuck." Her eyes were tightly closed; the back of one hand on her forehead, the other on her tit.

I stopped and pulled my hand out, placing it on her thigh.

When she opened her eyes and looked at me, she smiled weakly, totally spent.

"That was magnificent," she said softly.

"I'm glad you liked it." I said. "You did like it? Right?"

She hit me lightly in the stomach with her fist. Then she leaned up, put her arms around my neck and kissed me like no woman had ever kissed me before. Her tongue danced in my mouth while she ground her lips against mine. I put my hand on the back of her head and attacked her mouth with the pent up passion that had been building since I first saw her.

Many seconds later, she pulled away, swung her legs off the couch and stood up. In one effortless motion, she put her thumbs under the straps of her dress and lowered them off her shoulders. The dress slid as if in slow motion off her body and to the floor. She stepped out of it gracefully and stood frozen with her arms at her side.

I stared at her magnificently shaped breasts, her small waist and long legs. When my eyes returned to her's, she wriggled out of her panties, teasing me with erotic twists of her hips and a naughty smile. When she stood again, Julie ran her fingers slowly through her hair, pulling her breasts high on her chest.

"Turn around, please," I said quietly.

She pivoted unhurriedly and put her hands on the top of her ass, pushing down gently. When she stopped turning, Julie ran her fingers over the skin of her small, round ass and let her arms fall to her side. After a couple seconds, she continued turning until she faced me again.

"You're beautiful," I said.

"Thank you," she said, genuinely pleased with the compliment.

Without any more words being spoken, she stepped towards me and got on her knees. After removing my shoes and socks, she reached for my belt. She quickly unfastened it, unbuttoned my pants and pulled down the zipper. My cock, already straining against my boxers from the strip tease, flinched at the touch of her hand on the zipper. Julie pulled down my pants and laid them on the floor.

She didn't immediately remove my boxers, but instead ran the palms of her hands over the bulge my cock was creating. I thought I would cum on the spot. Her eyes never left the tent formed by my erection as she finally grabbed the top of my shorts and pulled them off. My cock sprang up in freedom and the cool air felt wonderful against it.

Julie nudged forward between my legs, which squeezed against her sides. She tenderly put one hand, then the other, around my cock. She stroked it slowly before moving a hand to my balls and caressing them, while squeezing my cock. The girl did everything so lightly, perhaps sensing my proximity to an orgasm and wanting to prolong the pleasure. It was working.

Julie looked up at me for just an instant, then lowered her head and placed her tongue on the tip of my cock. The sensation made me jerk involuntarily, which she followed with a long lick of the underside of my cock. When she reached the top, she opened her mouth and gradually moved down until her lips wrapped around the base of my erection. Her tongue flicked along the bottom of my cock and I leaned my head against the back of the couch in ecstasy.

She placed a hand around the bottom of the cock and sucked on the top half, jerking it in and out of her mouth with ever-increasing speed. I had never been so hard in my life, nor wanted so desperately to cum.

But, Julie had other plans. She raised herself off her knees and sat in my lap, her legs straddling me and her pussy pressed against my now rock hard cock. I watched as she reached for the buttons of my shirt and worked her way down. My fingers were moving across the smooth, warm flesh of her ass before she pulled the shirt off, forcing me to put my arms in the air. They came back down on top of her breasts and she smiled.

"I want you inside me," she whispered. "I want to feel you cum in me."

She raised her hips, reached for my cock and guided it to the entrance to her cunt. The tip entered her, then another inch as she lowered herself. The tightness of her cunt forced precum to drip out of me as she raised back up, lowered herself again and half of my cock disappeared. I pushed up as she lowered herself a third time and her cunt took the entire length of my shaft.

"Oh my God, that's good," she said.

I put my hands on her hips and guided her next few movements until our rhythm and angle matched. Julie's tits bounced enticingly just inches from my face as we began to fuck in earnest. The sound of her ass hitting my legs filled the room and Julie's breathing became heavier.

She leaned forward, putting her hands on the couch on either side of my head. This allowed me to get to her tits with my mouth and I hungrily sucked on a nipple, squeezing the breast with my hand. Soon, half of the breast was in my mouth.

Julie's cunt was wetter now, but still tight enough to feel like it was consuming me. Every thrust brought me closer to cumming.

"Yes, Julie. That's it. Yes," I said.

"Come on, baby. Fuck me," she answered.

That did it. Cum rose from my balls in a torrent, gushing out in a long spurt. I flung my head back against the couch and forced my cock as far up into Julie as I could.

"Oh, yes. Cum inside me."

I grabbed her ass and held on tight as I drove into her again and again, cum erupting out of me. I grunted each time I pushed my cock into her, feeling her constrict her cunt even more than before. The orgasm didn't want to stop and we fucked each other wildly. When I thought I was done, she would squeeze me with her cunt and another shot of cum would flow into her.

It eventually ended and I began to soften. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tightly.

"Jesus, babe. Where did you learn that?" I said in her ear as she put her head on my shoulder.

"Wait until you see what I can do in the shower," she said.

We kissed and fell onto the couch in each other's arms. It was going to be a good couple days.