 I sat waiting for him, in a corner of the coffee shop, where we'd agreed to meet. I wanted to be sure that I saw him coming, and didn't give him a chance to sneak up on me. 

I had my laptop open, and was simulating reading pages. In reality, my eyes were on the front door, and I was anxiously awaiting his arrival. I stared at my reflection in the glass, and hoped that I'd dressed appropriately. I'd chosen a nice, short, full skirt, and a t shirt that had a lovely, low scooped neck. I'd left my hair down, and put on a simple pair of stud earrings, and that was all. 

The bell at the top of the door, jingled, and I looked up. His eyes found me immediately, and we exchanged smiles, as he made his way toward me. I set my laptop aside, and stood as he reached me. I stepped into his arms, and felt my body melt against his. 

My head tilted back, and I looked into his eyes for a moment before he closed his, and mine, with a kiss. It was gentle, but I could sense a seething passion beneath it that made my whole body ache. His erection, pressing against my belly, confirmed the need. We would have to hurry. 

I closed my laptop, and packed it up, and we headed out. We were going to a park, and would take our time walking the trails, and search for somewhere private that we could indulge the hunger that was threatening right now to overwhelm us. 

We ended up rushing, holding hands as we almost jogged. I felt like I was being pulled along in his wake at times. We sought any place that would do. Finally, we found a spot that had been a picnic grounds before now. It had become rather broken down, but it would serve perfectly. 

I lay back on the picnic table, sitting right on the edge. He released himself, and stepped up. He slipped a finger inside. I was hot, and wet already, and his finger slid in easily. I felt my body react to that simple touch. "I'm going to fuck you," he said, his voice tense, and tight. His cock was hard, standing out from his body, the tip already coated with his wetness. 

"Please, hurry," I said. "Please." 

He stepped closer, withdrawing his finger, and slid his cock inside of me. Just one thrust, and he was buried to the hilt. I groaned as I felt the delicious stretching sensations. The fullness that made me want to explode. I clenched around him, feeling even more of him. I loved the feeling of his intimate invasion of my body. 

He began to move, thrusting hard, and fast, his hands gripping my hips for leverage. I wrapped my legs around him, and used them to lift myself up, increasing the pounding of his thrusts until our bodies were slapping together loudly in the stillness of the forest. Even the birds and other animals had hushed. I felt strangely exhibitionist, out there like that. I loved the feeling that anyone walking by could watch, though I was fairly certain that we had the place to ourselves. Still, there was a thrill in thinking someone might be watching from the trees. 

I watched his eyes, seeing the intensity there. His jaw clenched, and I watched his face redden. I knew that he was going to cum, and I was desperate to bring him to that place. I grabbed his forearms, and held tightly, still moving my hips in time with his thrusts. 

"Cum now," I growled, as I saw him getting closer. My voice was raw, and that low sound was all I could manage. 

He groaned, and thrust harder into me, until I thought the picnic table would surely begin to move beneath us. I heard some unearthly sound, and realized it was me, as I clenched around him, seeking to draw his orgasm from him.

My eyes stayed locked with his until I simply had to arch my back. At that moment, I heard his groan as he came. I held still, letting him. And then I lay, and reached for him, pulling him down on top of me. We kissed gently, and then more passionately. He kissed my neck, and across my shoulder. 

"Thanks, Sunshine," he said. "I needed that." He looked into my eyes for a moment. "I love you," he whispered, and then he kissed me again, and I felt that love.