 It was winter in Las Vegas, so instead of the hit of hot air every time we stepped outside we felt the cold blast of the Furnace Mountains to the north. This is not the normal influence of these mountains and it definitely changes your attitude about tripping around the casinos looking at the newest and greatest attraction built in this adult Disney World. We were with a number of people but as the evening progressed the group started to split up. Today had been our last day of meetings and people were starting to catch return flights as early as midnight. By nine o’clock we were alone, sitting and talking over the remains of dinner.

We had slept together the two nights previously and intense it was, resulting in a quieting of that raging desire I had built up over the long period of not seeing you. I love that frantic, wild and heated lovemaking we engage in that first night after not having had any touch of each other for so many months. Now was the calm. 

We sat and chatted about our lives, our families and the experiences we had undergone since we last had the opportunity to speak so intimately. We knew about each other’s daily events for we had talked during our separation, but here was deeper level of intimacy. It is feeling the experiences of another’s life instead of just hearing about events that have taken place. It is a form of lovemaking, something we are able to engage in about as often as the physical side, and just as the physical, we are unable to engage in it unless alone and at peace with each other’s presence. I like times like this for it embodies for me that sympathetic rhythm that we have managed to carry between us for so long.

So, perfectly content in each other’s presence, satisfied by food, wine, conversation and the intimate recent knowledge of each other we sat and watched the parade in front of us. While we may have been able to stay there forever, the restaurant staff decided that their turn for a private life had come. We paid our bill and began to wander away. I mentioned I had heard of a new nightclub in one of the casinos called the Leopard Room. I understood it have music and an interesting clientele. Always adventurous, you agreed and we headed out into the cold, bright Las Vegas night, catching the first cab.

Once at the hotel, it took some time to locate the elevator to the top floor where the club was situated. In our wandering we studied the décor of this representation of Venice/Milan. You have an eye for style and presented me with a free flowing commentary of the fashions present. You quickly dismissed the poorly dressed and focused on the staff and guests who dressed to the image of their surroundings. As we stood watching the crowd, show dancers from a nearby theater passed us. Covered in feathers, low cut bodices and black fishnet stockings they entranced you. By your face I could see you found them very sexy and for a moment I think you left me for somewhere else, where I do not know. When you returned from your brief fantasy you breathed into my ear “I love the feel of feathers” and then as quickly as it came, the moment disappeared, as you smiled at an elderly couple that stopped in front of us and asked loudly for the whereabouts of the nearest buffet.

We found the elevator to the club and quickly ascended to the top floor. During the flight I kissed you softly on the lips and looked into your eyes. We arrived, and holding hands, we approached the entrance. The couple in front of us were having some difficulty, about what I do not know. The discussion had just ended as we approached and it seemed as if they had been dismissed, for the doorman had only eyes for you. I find it interesting to watch young handsome men when they are first confronted by your beauty. Wearing high heels accentuates your height and posture giving you a noticeable presence. You were dressed in a long free flowing skirt with a wide belt. The slit in the skirt allowed glimpses of the shape of your leg to your mid-thigh. Your blouse was a white silk, buttoned to the point just above the bridge of your breast line, displaying the tops of your creamy bosom. You had a jacket over your shoulders and the whole effect was to frame your being in sophistication. The doorman was frozen by your languid approach, involved in the movement of your body, no doubt undressing you in his mind. Suddenly he remembered why he was there and fumbled at the latch to the silk rope at the entrance, never taking his eyes off of you. You gave him a smile as you floated past him and I simply drafted in your wake. I doubt he saw me and if it was his job to control the entrance, he must have decided the rules had nothing to do with you. 

The club was dark and crowded as we came in. Trying to become orientated I noticed sliding doors leading off to a balcony in the back right hand corner. I motioned to you our direction and as we made our way through the crowds we picked up a vodka tonic and rum and coke to drink. The room had been warm but when we stepped out onto the balcony the cold air assaulted our senses. The hotel stood thirty stories and we were at the roof level. We could look down and see the lights of the Vegas strip and then look up and to see the stars of the desert sky. It was the first time either of us had seen stars in Vegas as usually the light show drowns them out. With my arm around you we put our heads together and drank in the view. In places like that, the crowd can suddenly disappear and we were alone for a few moments. I took you into my arms and pulled you against me. We kissed for a few moments and then you tucked your head into my neck. We stood like this for a few minutes (hours?) and when the crowd once again flowed back we abandoned the cold clean air for the inside of the club.

Standing just inside the door I spotted a table for two in a corner and we were able to reach it before anyone else. The table seemed to be a dark island in the little light there was and it even took the waitress a few moments to note our presence. The band came on a few minutes later and the sound level in the room increased dramatically. When the waitress returned with our drinks we had to communicate with a combination of notes and hand signals. I gave her some money and she drifted away. It was hopeless to try and talk and it seemed irrelevant anyway. I leaned against the table and you put your head on my shoulder while we watched people dancing a few yards away. I could feel your warmth against me and I was content to stay there forever sipping our drinks and observing the tide of people move to the rhythm of the music. 

I was leaning on the table with my hands and arms resting on one another. The hand closest to you naturally reached out a finger and I caressed the open area of skin under your neck. I have always had difficulty being close to you and not touching you and at this moment there was not a reason to resist. I lightly caressed your skin, enjoying the feel of it and I suppose not really paying attention to what I was doing other than enjoying the tactile sensation of your body against my fingertips. In my caress I reached the valley between your breasts and my touch seemed to wander the contours of this delicious part of your body. I focused so many times on this part of you, sometimes seeing the valley, other times dreaming of the closeness of your breasts, seeing you in my mind wearing a bra, sometimes without, but always the perfect shape of your breast and nipples. After a few moments of this play, you reached up with one hand and undid a button, giving my fingers more access to this playground of sensation.

You we wearing a silk white bra with lace at the edges. The material was very thin and smooth, giving the perfect shape to your perfect breasts. It was cut deep and held together by only a narrow band of material at the center. With your blouse open further, my hand had greater freedom of caress and I moved along the gently slope, lightly touching with both sides of my hand. 

I moved my right arm over towards you as I was using it as my cover. You had by now slumped against me with your arms down and your hands in your lap. Your head was resting on me with your cheek on my shoulder. We had enough freedom of cover and movement to occasionally sip our drink and to pretend as if we were listening to the music. In reality we were becoming consumed with this ruse. I know I have five senses, but only touch had any priority with my brain. My other senses were on sentry duty with only enough attention to stay aware of the most basic of our surroundings.

My fingers started reaching under the edge of the materials and probing deeper along the shape of your breast. The feeling was soft, warm and if skin can be aroused, aroused. I continued this movement for some time. Stopping to tickle, stroke and generally touch every part I could reach both outside and inside of your bra. As I said in the beginning, I had thought that the raging thirst for you had been satisfied with our early interludes, but I found my body reacting to the touch and feel of your breast. I noticed I became harder as the minutes passed and my attention now seemed totally focused on the sensations that I was reacting to. 

You slowly reached up one hand and closed it on mine, holding it there for a few seconds. I thought for a moment you were going to signal me to stop, which caused me to come back to the here and now of the room, music and people that surrounded us. I was going to acquiesce, for our lovemaking has always been so mutually agreeable and although I wasn’t sure, it was possible that I had made you uncomfortable. During my moment of indecision, you answered all questions. You moved my hand on top of your breast and I could feel your nipple rising to meet my palm through the thin silk fabric of your bra. 

I massaged your breast and nipple for a few minutes, alternating between hard and soft caresses, stroking, teasing and cupping this beautiful part of you. Your nipple hardened as I continued to tease it. I moved my hand to your other breast and repeated my attentions until it also was hard and pushing up against my touch. It was then that I pushed my hand under the material and cupped your naked breast to my hand. It felt wonderful, warm, soft and definitely aroused. With access now to your bare skin I continued my caresses. I heard you moan ever so softly and again you slightly lowered your head. I reached out and pulled your bra up over both breasts now to give my hand a fuller access to your bare lovely form. My caresses alternated between soft and hard presses. Sometimes I cupped your breast and held it softly, other time I focused on the aureoles of your nipples, teasing the skin there with soft pinches. Your breathing was heavier now.

It was different than all of our other past lovemaking games. We were in a crowded room with people not but a few feet away, the music was loud and I suppose it was unusual for me to be only touching one part of you with one part of me. My own excitement was increasing exponentially as well. I was as hard as a rock, with my cock fairly straining to join into the lovemaking in some form or fashion. It was also different to spend so much time on one small part of you. Just your breasts and nipples were part of this and all attention was on their satisfaction. 

Forty-five minutes must have passed. The pace of my caresses never changed but I felt your body tightening up against me. You moved one hand to my thigh and held it tightly. I have come to know that this is a sign that you are reaching up towards a climax. The tighter your grip, the closer you are. I have bruises from this, (easily explainable) and in a strange way I am able to enjoy them for the week after our encounters. Your breathing increased and I could hear you panting just under my chin. Finally you went rigid and shuddered. I continued and you repeated this again but at a seemingly higher level of intensity. There was final low orgasmic cry and then you relaxed your body against mine. A few moments later you reached up and touched my hand as if to signal its departure and I slowly withdrew after a final gentle caress. You pulled your bra back over your stunning breasts and buttoned your blouse back up. 

You seem to relax against me now, languid in your look and motion. You have a certain look to your features after we make love and it was in evidence now. Your eyes become dark pools that I could fall into. You lifted your head up and softly kissed my cheek, never saying a word and yet telling me everything with a voice so intimate as to speak a language only a lover of you could ever know.

We finished our drinks as we slowly re-entered the world around us. The live music had finished and the crowd had dissipated. The waitresses returned and asked if we were ready for another drink. She said this without looking up and as she raised her head for the response she seemed to take it in that something had happened here and a small smile crept over her lips. Not ready to actually try and stand up, I agreed to a final round.

Now that we could talk again, both because the music had reduced and we had caught our breath, we spoke of inconsequential things; the time, our flights tomorrow, packing that had to be done, cars arranged and airlines to be endured. We left after that drink and returned to the casino floor. You mentioned the need for a restroom and while I was waiting I made a quick purchase at the gift shop, a surprise for later on, but that is another story, another time.

We have never spoken of this encounter, yet for me never forgotten. Finally it became something I had to write about. I learned something erotic about you in those few hours and a little about making love to you, a beautiful woman.