 Eric unpacked quickly. He was anxious to get out of his traveling clothes and down to the hotel’s casino. His wife, Nancy, worked at a more leisurely pace. It was her company that had sent her to the Las Vegas conference. Eric eagerly accepted her invitation to tag along.

At 26, Nancy was one of the youngest, and best, network administrators the company had. Her Barbie doll figure and endearing looks alone hadn’t got her the job, but they hadn’t hurt, either. Those same attributes HAD got her the quarterback of her college’s football team.

Eric didn’t make as much as Nancy, but she found him worth keeping around for his sexual prowess. Three days with him in a Vegas hotel had sounded very appealing.

Down the hall, Cheryl and Mike also unpacked. He was Nancy’s boss. She was a 35-year-old fitness fanatic with a model’s body. Mike made lots of money. Cheryl made lots of love.

An hour later, Eric sat in front of a slot machine, dropping in quarters and tossing down a free drink. His attention was drawn from the machine only once—for a statuesque woman in skintight jeans and a tank top who took a seat a half dozen machines away. Her short, golden blonde hair curled around her ears and cheeks, partially concealing the delicate eyes and upturned nose.

But nothing could conceal the curves of her breasts, waist, hips and ass. She smiled at him one of the times he got caught glancing her way. He smiled back and nodded almost imperceptibly before dropping in three more quarters.

Cheryl watched the striking young man—she took him to be in his mid-twenties—out of the corner of her eye. The shoulders, biceps and forearms bulged out of his t-shirt. His muscular, dark legs reminded her of the weightlifters at the gym. Cheryl’s body told her this kid was turning her on.

After a late lunch, Eric and Nancy spent time at the pool. The late-day sun scorched Eric’s back as he lay flat on the lounge chair. With no cocktail waitress in sight, Eric turned his head toward the bar. He hurriedly sat up, looked at his napping wife and walked to the bar.

“Any luck on that machine?” Eric asked the blonde in front of him.

Cheryl turned. A faint smile crossed her face. Underneath her sunglasses, blue eyes rapidly took in the full length of the young man’s body.

“A little. How about you?”

“Not much. I’ll try again later.”

“Me too,” she said. “Maybe I’ll see you there.”

“If you do and I win big, you’ll have to follow me around, I’m afraid.”

“Only if I get my share.” She raised her sunglasses to the top of her head. Cheryl’s sapphire eyes glistened.

“We’ll negotiate,” Eric said.

“It’s a bargain.” Cheryl turned and ordered her drink. Eric followed the line of her narrow shoulders down her back to the flair of her hips and the bikini-covered ass. She left with her drink…and a wink for the young man with the bulge in his swimming trunks.

That night, Eric was sliding his cock inside his young wife. In his mind, however, the legs wrapped around his waist belonged to an older, tall blonde with amazing blue eyes and a body to kill for.

Nancy spent the following morning at the conference’s opening sessions. Eric gambled, lost, ate and worked on his tan. They met back at the room in the early afternoon. “Are you sure you don’t want to go?” Nancy asked on more time.

“Yes. I’m sure,” Eric said, kissing her on the forehead. “A two hour boat tour of Lake Meade and Hoover Dam just isn’t my thing. Go and have fun. I’m going to feed quarters to slot machines and work on my tan.”

“OK.” Nancy squeezed his ass through the swimming trunks. “I want to check out your tan lines when I get back.”

“I’ll probably need a shower,” Eric said, sliding his hand inside the back of her shorts.

“Oooh, yes. I’ll lick you clean.”

They kissed until Nancy felt his hardness pressing against her stomach.

Eric watched TV for about half an hour before deciding to head back to the pool. He put on a t-shirt, grabbed a towel and pulled the room door shut behind him. Just before he got to the elevators, an elevator door opened and Cheryl walked out. She was dressed in a shimmering blue bikini with a triangular, mesh wrap-around tied at the hip.

“Hi,” the woman said. “Are you heading to the pool in THIS heat?”

“Oh, I don’t mind it. And there’s not much else to do except lose more money.”

“I know,” she said. “Your wife went with my husband on the boat tour.”

Eric raised his eyebrows in surprise. “How did you…”

“I saw you at dinner last night,” Cheryl interrupted.

Eric was silent.

“How about a drink?” she asked finally.

“Ah, sure. I’ll buy.”

Cheryl smiled. “I’ll serve. In my room?”

Eric blushed, half from embarrassment, half from exhilaration.

“I’d love to.”

They walked down the hall introducing themselves as they went. Cheryl reached inside the bag slung over her shoulder and took out the keycard. A few seconds later, they were inside her room.

“Have a seat.” She waved toward the living area couch. “What would you like? Beer, wine, mixed drink, pop…”

“Beer’s fine for me. You have whatever you want.”

Cheryl was laying her bag on the bed. She smiled. “I want your gorgeous body,” she said to herself. “And I get what I want.”

She walked out to the wet bar and opened a mini fridge. She pulled out a beer, then opened the drink cabinet and got a small bottle of wine for herself. Eric watched her pour the drinks. Or, at least, he watched the woman’s large breasts and round ass as she poured the drinks.

Cheryl carried the drinks to the couch and sat beside Eric.

“Your wife’s really cute, and Mike says she does a good job,” Cheryl said.

“Thanks. She’s very happy there,” said Eric. He was willing, but not anxious, to resign himself to the fact this could go no further than conversation. He was also concentrating very hard on making eye contact instead of speaking to the ample breasts bulging from her bikini top.

“I heard you played football,” Cheryl said to Eric’s delight. He could handle this topic.

They talked for several minutes about his highlights, their colleges and most hated courses.

“Another beer?” Cheryl asked.

“No. I don’t want you to have to pay for…”

“The company will pay,” Cheryl said nonchalantly. She was already standing.

“Then, OK.”

She returned with refills and sat next to him again. She watched Eric take a long drink.

“Listen…Eric,” she said in a low voice. He looked at her. “We’ve got several hours alone here. I find you VERY attractive. Can I interest you in something besides a drink?”

Eric caught himself holding his breath. Cheryl placed her hand on his leg and slid it up until reaching the bottom of his trunks. Then she moved the hand to the inside of his thigh.

“I think you can. What did you have in mind?”

She didn’t answer. Instead, her hand reached inside his trunks and found his thick cock.

“I was thinking about sucking your cock, rubbing it with my hot pussy and sliding it inside me until we both came.”

Instantly, he was semi-erect and she was tightening her grip. She stroked the shaft lightly, repositioning it inside the trunks.

“We can’t do that dressed,” he said.

“We could. But we won’t,” was her reply. She rose from the couch and stood between the young man’s outstretched legs. Cheryl lifted Eric’s t-shirt over his head and threw the shirt on the floor. Her hands slid over his bare chest, feeling his nipples and the muscles around his abdomen.

She smiled at the bulge in his trunks. Her fingers wrapped around the erection through the material, pumping it a couple times. Then Eric watched as the woman’s fingers took hold of the waistband of his trunks and pulled the suit down, exposing the now throbbing cock.

Slowly, Cheryl pulled the trunks down his muscular legs. She took off his shoes, then laid the trunks on top of his shirt. She stood back and admired the naked young man who leaned against the back of the couch. His cock rose like a mast from between his legs, the skin pulled tight and the head a shimmering dark pink.

Cheryl licked her lips with wide, even strokes of her tongue. Her body ached for satisfaction.

With a single motion, she untied the wrap around her waist and let it fall to the ground. Eric looked again at the long, lean body in front of him. If it was possible, her legs seemed even longer now; the thighs firmer, smoother.

Cheryl’s arms reached behind her and she untied the top of her bikini. As if in slow motion, she lifted it off her ample breasts and over her blonde hair. Eric had been with his share of girls in high school and college—all were attractive and in shape. None of them compared with this woman.

The natural curve of Cheryl’s breasts, the large areolas and erect nipples sent a near-painful surge through his penis. She ran her fingers over the outer edges of the breasts before cupping them in her palms.

She smiled at him. Her hands continued down her body until reaching the top of her bikini bottom. One hand slid inside. Eric watched the outline of her fingers extend down to the bottom of her pussy. The fingers massaged the area as Cheryl thrust her hips forward.

Finally, she lowered the bikini. A small patch of dark blonde hair covered the folds of skin on either side of her pussy. Her clit was extending from its cover, eager for Eric’s mouth or hard cock to make contact with it.

Cheryl kicked the small piece of cloth aside. She stood naked between Eric’s legs; her own legs spread slightly apart, hands on hips. She let the young man take in her exquisite body, all the while feeling her body react to the growing sexual tension.

The woman looked at Eric’s hard cock, dropping to her knees in front of it. She placed it in the palm of her right hand. It pointed up toward his stomach, exposing the underside. She leaned over and ever so lightly touched the base of the cock with her tongue.

Eric’s eyes were closed, but he was aware of the wet, warm tongue slowly, slowly moving up the shaft. The tongue lingered at the tip, tracing around the hard skin at the bottom of the head. The cock twitched in Cheryl’s hand.

She put her lips around it. Just around the head, at first, and then the first couple of inches. The woman drew her head back so that the cock fell free. Eric moaned.

He felt her soft, blonde hair fall onto his chest as she placed the cock in her mouth again. This time she took half of it. Sucked on it. Licked it.

When her lips got to the tip, she lowered her head again. Lowered it until her lips kissed Eric’s hairy skin and couldn’t go any farther. She hesitated for an instant, then repeated the process. Over and over.

Eric raised his ass off the couch in rhythm with her head. He tried to fuck her mouth. He had to cum.

Cheryl put her hands under the young man’s ass and held it. Her head was lifted, watching Eric’s face contort in desire. Her breasts rubbed against the glistening cock, which now had a drop of precum leaking from the tip.

Silently, the woman rose to her feet. Eric looked at her and the splendid breasts hanging from her chest. She stepped toward him. Her pussy made contact with his cock and she leaned forward some more.

Eric spread his legs as far as they would go while Cheryl placed her hands on the back of the couch, on either side of his head. The bottom half of her body pushed forward, until her pussy pressed his cock hard against Eric’s stomach. With her breasts dangling inches from his face, she ground herself up and down along the surface of his dick.

Eric grabbed a breast with each hand and squeezed.

“Oh, shit,” he gasped. “God, I want you.”

Cheryl was silent. She moved so the cock stroked her clit. Then she moved so it rubbed against her soaking wet cunt. She, too, wanted something. And she couldn’t wait any longer.

Desperately, she reached down with one hand and placed the cock at the entrance to her hole. Before she could even lower herself onto him, Eric was propelling himself upward into her. Their thighs met with a loud clap.

“Oh, God. You feel SO good,” Eric said.

Cheryl leaned back so she was more upright. The stiff cock immediately rubbed against the top of her cunt. Her most intense orgasms came from this stimulation. She prayed the cock would stay there for just another thirty seconds.

The more they fucked, the harder the cock stroked the upper reaches of her cunt. Cheryl squeezed the cock as hard as she could.

“Aahhh, yes. Yes,” Eric urged her for more.

“Come on,” she replied breathlessly. “Cum in me. Cum in me.”

Eric thrust wildly as his balls shot the first stream of hot cum through his cock and into her hole. He grunted with each plunge of his cock into her tight cunt. Cum poured out in volumes he had never felt before.

“Oh, fuck. Now. I’m cumming…” Cheryl mumbled.

Her body shook. Her head shook. She opened her mouth to scream, but nothing came out. The intensity between her legs and in the pit of her stomach overtook all other reactions. Gasps of air were all that escaped her as she came, and came, and came. Their juices mixed in a sound and smell like no other.

Despite the shrinking cock inside her, she continued to have orgasms. She stroked her clit. Her body jerked in response. Then again. And once more until she removed her fingers.

Finally, she collapsed onto the couch, in Eric’s arms. They kissed until the need for air was more urgent.

“God damn,” Eric sighed.

“You were wonderful.” Cheryl sounded exhausted as she kissed his neck.

They sat motionless for a long time.

Eventually, Eric spoke. “I think we need a shower.”

“Hmm. I believe you’re right.” Cheryl said.

A half hour later, bathing suits strewn across the floor was all that remained around the couch.