 This is my first story, so feedback is much appreciated.

*

Graduation. I had waited eighteen years for this moment to arrive. Ordering caps and gowns, practicing the graduation march, and spending the last moments with my classmates. It was everything I hoped it would be and more. Little did I know it would lead to the most sexually gratifying event of my life. 

I walked into the empty classroom designated for the seniors to change wondering where everyone was. I settled into an area and removed my cap and gown from the garment bag I was carrying. I was startled when a cold hand draped the back of my neck. "Oh, Hi Gabby," I said. Gabby was a classmate of 5'6 white chick with a slim build and a rocking rack.

"Hi yourself," she replied. "Are you nervous, I could shit a brick right now!" I just smiled back. Gabby was a cool chick. She and I had flirted a little before but nothing more than a pinch on the butt or the occasional crotch grab. (She seemed to like that) I had always wanted to fuck her, but never made a move to do so. That would soon change. She moved beside me and started preparing her robe as well. I broke the silence with a cough and turned to one the most memorable sights of my lifetime. Gabby was bending over the desk in front of her and her white, pillowy cheeks were peeking from the hem of her incredibly short skirt.

"Damn girl!" She turned with a devilish smile on her face.

"You like?" she said bending forward a little more. I nodded licking my lips in lust. "I didn't want to be too hot under this robe."

"You don't have to worry about the heat," I responded. I sat on the desk beside me to hide my growing erection.

"I also thought of this." She lifted her skirt showing me her bare ass. I almost fainted. "I thought you might like that."

"So is that for me?" I asked. She gave me a playful shrug and turned around. I walked behind her a planted a soft kiss on the back of her neck. She purred softly. "Well, is that for me?"

"Maybe." she responded in a sing song voice. I placed my hand on her shoulder and slowly moved to her neck. She let out a low moan as my skilled hands worked their magic. I moved down her back and bent over more allowing me access to her lower back.

"Someone's enjoying herself," I cooed barely above a whisper. I leaned closer letting her feel the tent in my slacks.

"Looks like you're not having that bad of a time yourself" She gently bumped my groin and giggled. I returned to task and worked my way around her abdomen. I reached the button of her blouse and she grabbed my hand.

"What if someone walks in?" A true look of worry spread over her face.

"Fuck 'em," I responded. I grabbed the shirt and ripped it open. My hands found her tits and roughly massaged them through her bra, all the while nibbling on her ear and planting kisses along her jaw line.

"That's my favorite shirt you dick," she complained. I growled in response as I quickly unclasped her bra. Her breasts now freed I resumed my massage. She reached between our bodies and rubbed my now burning erection.

"Someone's ready to play," she said as she spun and attacked my belt buckle. She pulled my pants and underwear down in a flash and my nine inch dick smacked her on the chin. "Impressive," she said. I beamed as started licking the underside of my dick with slow, loving slurps that drove me crazy. She then took me into her mouth, working inch by inch in until she had almost all of my cock in her mouth. All of a sudden, she went crazy! Bobbing her head at an amazing speed, she took the entire length into her warm mouth. I pulled her away, not wanting to cum before I fucked her.

"My turn," I growled as I pulled her up. I placed my hand under her thighs, raised her to my face, and placed her back against the wall. I inhaled her sweet smell and dived into the feast before me. I kissed the entire area surrounding her beautiful pussy, purposely avoiding it as I passed over it. She squirmed in anticipation, almost begging me to get on with it. I relented and flicked my tongue over her engorged clit and she jumped in shock. I moved her to my shoulders and inserted two fingers into her pussy. She writhed as she moved to fuck my fingers. I ravished her clit with the best tongue bath I could muster. She screamed in delight and pulled my head into her pussy. I withdrew my fingers and thrust my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy, fucking her with all I had. As she bucked in anticipation of an orgasm, I gently pinched her clitoris sending her over the edge. She came hard and long, humping my face in ecstasy.

"That was the best head I've ever had!" she sighed breathlessly. I smiled wiping my face with her shirt. "Now it's your turn," she said with that same devilish grin. I allowed her slip down my body until the head of dick rested at the entrance of her pussy. "Fuck me," she growled. I gladly obliged, filling her sex with all the man I had. She winced in pain and then sighed in pleasure as I ravaged her with extreme passion. We locked eyes and gained a rhythm, I was still moving at an incredible pace and she squeezed her legs to match my speed. "Put me down," she said scooting down my legs. I reluctantly let her go only to be rewarded when Gabby bent over a desk and whispered, "Come and get it." I smile and stand behind her teasing her slit with my dick.

"You ready," I said still teasing her. I rubbed her back and massaged her breast. She started getting antsy and moving her ass back trying to hurry the act.

"What are you-" I impaled her. I moved like a man possessed, slamming into her with my ball slapping on her ass cheeks. She let out scream I knew could be heard for miles. After the initial shock, she gained her composure and starting throwing her ass back at me. We were locked in a blazing rhythm. The sound of our bodies colliding at the waist the only noise in the room. I was fast approaching an orgasm, so I reached around her and pinched her clit to even the odds. This quickly brought her orgasm. Her pussy tightened on my dick, slowing my pace to a slow stroke. My balls tightened as I was on the verge of a mind-blowing orgasm. 

"Don't cum in me," Gabby shrieked sensing I was close to cumming. I pulled out of her snatch and release stream after stream of cum across her back, one stream even reaching her shoulder. "Damn, that was hot!"

"Quite the show," stated Sheila, our class valedictorian.